THE VINE DISEASE— MEETING- AT RYDE. TnB oidium having made its pppearance in many (if not all) of the vineyards in the district, a meeting was called |jy some of the growers to discuss the means of alleviating ? or coring the ravage* of the above disease. The meeting took place in the Church of England Schoolhouse, on Thursday evening, tbc 10th instant, and was numerously . attended. The Bev. G. E. Turner was voted to the chair, who Baid that he was sorry that they had occasion to meet forsuch an object qs the present. Tiioy had met before on acoount of the disease in orange- trees. This was the second calamity which has appeared Amongst them affecting their prosperity. Ho thought that it would be useless to state anything about tbc disease, cr the cause of it. We know that, unfortunately, we have got it in our vine Tflrdn. mid ha believed* the bpsr. mode of nroceedine would be to Jock to the mode of cure by which the calamity Uii^bt be removed or alleviated. Seeing Mr. C. Moore, of tbc Iconic Garden r, present, also Mr. J. . Joubert, the respected secretary of tho Horticultural Society present, he would not detain them, but call on Mr. Moore. Mr. Moons informed the meeting that he had just come from Sydney for thu purpose of hem Ing information rather than of saying anything : ho wonld, however, state that he had had but little experience in this particular subject under consideration; most of his knowledge upon it was derived from reading. He had, during the latter part of last season, visited vincyaids at Waratah, Illawarra, and other places where oidium hnd made it* appearance. Mr. Moore then stated the particulars in each place, and read a very late work, kindly forwarded to him by Mr. Kennedy, of the Sydney University, in tbe I.tst Dumber ef Chambers s Ency clopaedia, and concluded by urging on all those who had vines to use the sulphur, nnd to use their best endeavours to prevent the spicud of ihe oidium. Any that neglected to use means to prevent its rpr^ad did a great amount of in jury to their neighbours by their neglect. ' Mr. J. Joubent i i hat, rts the secretary of the Horti cultural Society, b' kurf ntien^ed there that evening for the \- purpose of hearing thn experience of eome of the growers, and also of affording any information he might possess upon the subject. By ilu* lutt mail ho hid received the latest work (from Franco' \:\\. -n tbc Oidium ; it appeared tbat all \- writers, or nearly ;'M. v.vrc :-gieod that sulphur was the most certain men** euro ; he yesterday tried the experi ment, having had grapc-s brought to his office, he took ihree berries that w».i - mueli uficcted with oidium, applied * flower of sulphur to thi-m, put them outside of the office in tbe Fun, covering them with a tumbler, at about 11 oVlwi-lr, looked at them at : half-pest 12, found tho fungi droopci like i flowers that had bejn eul for an )ii-ur and exposed, at half- ; Sast 2 (he berries wero quite clcnn. There could be no ' oubt that sulphur vob iu cITectual cure. The fungi looked at through p ri-i-,r-;Kioi?c appeared very much like a cauliflower with e^-slmpi-d Modems; a drawing of the £UDfP (n£ sren uu'Ilt n ftil ui.roscope), done by the Itev. G. E. Turner, ww, i:;MLiw'd the audienoe. Mr. J. read from thu v.o»\ tit conr i'lt-r^bie length upon tho means tobcadoj)tci J r li'- '.tiLvjit of oidium; but as tho work, or a^ portion thereof, is published in thi* day's ffereld, there is no need for mo to forward tho extract read - to the meeting. Mr. Joubert moved the following reolu- ? t ion,— 'That a petition be addressed to the Legislative Assembly, praying that a bill be introduced appointing an inspector of vineyards, and making the application of . sulphur compulsory to vines iufected with tho Oidium Tuckeri, end enacting that all vines to which 6uch remedy shall not be applied shjiU be destroyed as in the casti of fcab and pluuro-pneumunia in cattle/' ? Seconded by Mr, Wooff. Carried unanimously. Mr. Woo IT, Mr. folding, Mr. -G. Warren, and others also tpoko on the subject. On the-motion of Mr. Bowden, thanks' were awarded to Mr. ^loore, Mr. J. Joubort, Mr. Wooff; and Mr. Gelding, for tbe information afforded Those gentlemen having returned thanks, a vote of thanks to the chairman was earned by acclamation. Tile Disease in ihe Vines.— Wc aro glail to hear (observes the Maitlar.d Mocury) that the prompt aulphur measures now being tafeen are auccesbfully bAttling with tbe vine disease. ? Thero ip, wo fancy, a good deal of fungous aiscflf-e about among the vinos this yo«r, muoh more thun usual, but ibat is not nil oidium. Stiil, it is far safer to attack the enemy in anticipation, than wait till he h%8 attained so much vigour that there is no longer room for doubt — for tbnt implies the loss cf a good many grapes at nil events. Tbe simple pbm now adopted in the smMll odL lections of vines is to du*t tha sulphur powder in and over oach vine with a flour dredger, u pepper castor, or any siuiilur perforated instrument, and to hbtko tbo vinos well at the Minie time, fo an to be sure tbot all parts get a fair shire, in tbe vineyards, tbe better plan is to uso the sulphur bellows, which forcibly blows the sulphur powder through out caeii vine. At uue of the Loihinvur vineyards, thoy use a fumigation plan. A pnir of bellows are fitted up with a fcmuJl stove iiit-idc, atd the sulphur being on fire, the nozzle of iho bellows is placed under each vine, and a blast or two sends the t-ulphur vapour right up nnd through the whole vine. At Mr. Tourh-'a vincynrd, Waratah,neu]phur liquor is utcd ; sulphur und lime being bailed, the cooled l.quor is driven tbrough tuch vine with a tyrinse. In e chca^etheepscntial thing i& to make sure (hat every por tion of the vine, stem, bnmob, leaf, berry, and tendril, r hrdl have a visitation or coating of sulpiiur. This killo r.ny fungous parasite, oidium or any other, ihat is feeding on tbo vine; while thu viuc melf remoins unhurt. So fir as we can judge, we pbould think the Lochinvar plan, fumi gation, the mo6t certain to miss no part whatever of the vine. Mr, Fallon's New Cellah.— The planting of more vineyard* and the building of more wine cellars (observes tit e Albury Jianucr) give tha best of all proofs that the wine indublry hero is still going ahead. In the early days of the vine in Albury the cellar accommodation was neces sarily of a makc-bhitt character, and much good wine has been spoiled by bad cellars, as well as by ignorant cellarers. A properly- constructed cellar, on an immense seals, is now, however, heinjr built by Mr. J. T. Fallon, and will, when finished, be the finest thing of the kind on this side of the Equator. The cellar now being excavated in Kiewa-street will bo 200 fc-et long by 66 feet wide, and 10 feet deep ; over the cellar there will be a solidly built brick building, of the same area as the cellar underneath« and with an elevation of 17 feet above the level of the ground — tbe roof being of galvanized iron. The cellar will afford ample space for 200 casks of 1000 gallons cach— 7 feet being allowed fwr each cask, and 26 casks being ranged along each wall, with other rows of casks down the centre of the cellar. The collar will not be arched, but the floor of the room or wioe-house overhead will form the ceiling. Tho upper room, or wine house will accommodate as many casks as the cellar below, and will be used as a ferment ing-room, or a store for new wine, means being provided by trap-doors nnd pipes for racking off wines in the upper room into the cas&s; in the collar. The work is being actively proceeded with, and the building is intended to be ready in time to receive the must from the next vintage. I The Harvest Df the Nobtu. — We continue to re ' ccive (say6 the Tamworth IZ&itnwer;) the most encouraging accounts of the present harvest, and we are only now beginning to realise the large extent of land which was placed under wheat from the difficulty which is being daily experienced in obtaining sufficient labour to have it gar nered in time. The weather has, up to the present, been in every respect most favourable—fine genial, dry days, tempered occasionally with a refreshing cool southerly breeze — in fact, everything that could be desi ed had we willing hands to save the crop. The yield will be some thing enormous as compared with previous seasons, and the quality is spoken of by nil who have attended the threshings as being unsurpassed iu this part of the country, and seldom equalled anywhere. English farmers, who have tilled land at home for many years, Bay they never saw better, and eo far as our observation extends from an inspection of the samples already brought to the mills, we thoroughly coincide with this statement. A sample from about 200 bushels which we saw on Monday lost really looked more like peas than ordinary wheat. We saw it as it came from tbe thresher, and the regular, plump, full appearance was most gratifying to look at. This was grown on a farm near Tamworth, the yield of clean wheat being a trifle under thirty bushels to the acre. But good as was this sumple admitted to be, we believe it is surpassed by that grown on Dud go wan and Duncan's Creeks. In these latter places tbo yield will be from thirty to forty bushels to the ocrc, ond those who have seen the grain say that it could not he excelled. Not a 6ign of rust has appeared in the crops there. These localities are, how ever, noted for the production of wheat, and a failure has never yet been known there. In the most intense drought to which we have been subject, the farmers on these creeks have always had a fair average yield. They are shaded from all t£e hot winds, and they secure all the rainfall from the ranges in their immediate neighbourhood, when ijone falls elsewhere. The past season his, how ever, been unusually favourable to them, hut some in jury will be done to the crops from the want of men to reap. This has been the great drawback to the farmers there, arising in a measure from the large quantity to hi reaped; and from the fact that shearing has not yet termi nated in New England, to which place many of the spire bands from the sheds and washpools on Liverpool Plains have betaken themselves. Those who have not taken this course hang about the public-houses, refusing all offers of work, until every sixpence they possess has been knocked down in their own peculiar way. It is truly lamentable to see the way in which these men conduct thems9lves in seasons of plenty, and the wretched objects they become v hen that season iB passed. We shall have them tramping about the country begging for work some few months bcnce, or applying for admission to the benevolent societies or hospitals. They now refuse 2os. per acre for reaping, with an almost unlimited supply of grog and food. Might we again repeat our question of last week—' Where are tbc unemployed r' If any of these gentty like hard work and good pay, they can obtain both here to an almost un limited extent. Cumberland Disease. — We fYass Courier ) learn that this fatal disease has broken out amongst a mob of sheep belonging to Messrs. Easch and Coffin, of Junee, whilst travelling from that station to Brindcbella, near the Mullion, recently purchased by the firm from Mr. Webb. It is stated that some five hundred fell victimB to the malady between Demondrille and Bowning. We are in formed that the only cure is to change the sheep to a 6Tringy-bark run, such as that of Brindebella. The mob consists of very fine sheep, and extremely fat. A meeting of sheep directors for this sheep district is to be held, for the puipose of bringing the 6ubject of the appearance of the Cumberland disease here officially before them. Native Berries. — The late case of poisoning recorded in this journal (says the Kiama Pilot) has caused consi- derable anxiety in the minds of many persons, fears being entertained that the shrub or plant bearing these truly nar- cotic berries is more abundant than is at present supposed. Mr. Moore, to whom they were committed, has since com- municated with Dr. Taylor, and in a letter to that gentleman, states that the berries are the produce of a plant, 'a species of solanum, allied to the English Solanum dulcamara, and possessing dangerous narcotic properties.' The vine bearing the bean-pod alluded to before is stated by Mr. Moore to be Bignonia diversifolia, and having no poisonous properties. We believe that Mr. Moore informed Mr. Waugh that he had only met with this plant in the Illawarra district ; we presume it must be rare, as he has requested to be furnished with specimens of the flower when in season. Miscellanea.— A consignment of three cases of coral has been received in Hobart Town from the South Sea Inlands, being a present from the native teachers to the Sunday-school children of the four Independent schools of Iiobart Town, as a slight acknowledgment of the liberality displayed by the schools in raising funds for the support of the native teachers. —Harvest has commenced about Cowra and Cancwindra. According to a correspondent of tho Tret Press , it will be very light, as there will not bo more than half an averoge crop of either hay, oats, or wheat. T he wheat looks well and promising about Carcoar, King's Plains, No. 1, and Long Swamp; but the hay and oats will he very light Grass and water are failing fast, and a number of the sheep run6 are beginning to look very bare and miserable. — An aged man named John M'Dermott, better known as Dr. John,' was found dead- in hia hut at Brown's Creek, on Thursday morning.— The discovery of specimens of gold-bearing quartz, equal in richness to those obtained at Shortland, is reported by the Taranaln Herald of the 14th November. The scene of the discovery is known as the White Cliffs, and a party has gone out to prospect them. — Two men, Armstrong and 1 M'Catil, who assaulted and robbed Mr. Maunsell, the f-olice magistrate of Moama, were committed at the Deni iquin Quarter Sessions, and sentenced— Armstrong to seven, and M(Caul to five, years' hard labour on the roadB. — It is stated in a Melbourne journal that the Bev. D. Frtustr, of St. John's Presbyterian Church, Ballarat, has resigned his position as pastor of the con gregation, with the view of leaving ministerial labours entirely, to enter npon the duties of a scholastic life. — The well-known race mare Black BesB (says the Yass i Courier ) belonging to Mr. Miles Murphy, of Murram burrah, died from the effects of a snake bite at Mr. Wei* man's, Barwang. This mare was one of the best of tho celebrated Black Diamond's, and her owner has sustained a heavy Iosb through the accident, as she was stinted to Mr. Wehnan's New Warrior colt G2dipus. — A well attended meeting of the members of the Gundagai Turf Club' was held at Riley's Hotel, Sheridan* street, on Tues day aftemoonj 6th instant, for the purpose of initiating races for the ensuing year.— The Si. Arnaud Mercury (Victoria) gives currency to a story that on Messrs. Easson and Perry's Hopeful Reef, the wen have refused to. work by night, owing to tho ghost-liko sounds which ore heard proceeding from all parts of the claim. A noiso as of some person scraping a tbovel wilh iron has been frequently heard, and no cause for it oan be ascertained, 