SCIENCE AND SERMONS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,—Having in a former letter, which you were kind enough to insert, on this apparently interminable controversy, stated that Uni- tarian Christians, to whom I have the honour of ministering in this city, have in this con- troversy " the great advantage of not being hampered by the theory of verbal inspiration," Then desirous (it you can, consistently with your editorial principles, allow me,) to show what I mean by my statement just quoted; especially as, if my views of inspiration were admitted, the controversy between science and religion would cease, though possibly that between "science and sermons" might for a time go on. The controversy between science and reve- lation, of which we hear so much, arises mainly from the first book of the Bible called Genesis, in which the accounts of the creation of the word in general, of the race of man in particular, and then of the deluge, are sup- posed to be antagonistic to modern science, which, as some of your correspondents assert —and truly—has, from time to time, modified its assertions. . . . and has been, from time to time, met by the maintainers of reve- lation, with marvellously modified claims for the authority of Scripture. Now, I am desirous to show that the Bible has nothing at all to do with modern science, except for this mere theory of verbal inspira- tion of Scripture, and that if that be dis- proved, there is, and can be, no discrepancy between God's voice in nature, and His voice in revelation. We ask, then, first, does Genesis claim any verbal inspiration? The question may as- tonish many who take the Bible, as, in modern times, bound together from Genesis to Revelations, and popularly believed to be, in the whole, the Word of God, inspired in every letter. But everyone of ordinary in- formation, in these times, knows well that the various books of the Bible are of very various ages, and written under very various cir- cumstances, and that the idea of their united verbal inspiration, from Genesis to Revela- tions, is a mere unauthorised tradition. In answer to our question, then, the first book of the Bible, in our common version, calls itself " The First Book of Moses, called Genesis." We naturally ask, hereupon, how happens it that the first book of a Hebrew volume has a Greek title?—for there can be no question that Genesis is Greek. On further search we find that the inscription in our English version, "The First Book of Moses called Genesis" is simply spurious, and with- out any authority from ancient manuscripts. The Hebrew title is simply the first words of the record, viz., "In the beginning God created;" and so of the following traditional books of Moses,—"Now these are the names" for the book called Exodus in our Bible, again distinctly a Greek name, showing a far later age for the imposition of the name. And so of the other so-called books of Moses; their modern titles have none of them any authority except the traditions of the Jews. And these ideas of the origin of Scripture were current amongst us of the Unitarian Christian Church long before the publication of Essays and Reviews, and the works of Bishop Colenso. "Well, then, what are we to think of this venerable Jewish book, beginning, without any preface, "In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth." Can we for a moment imagine that any man sat down and penned these words, believing them to be not his own words, but the direct inspiration of God guiding his pen and making him a mere amanuensis, without his at once saying "I, Moses (or whoever it may have been), dis- tinctly inspired of God—merely holding the pen to write what he dictates—hereby declare that 'In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth,' " and so on. These things coming down to us in this way, without any authority claimed in the documents themselves (which we know to have been originally separate documents subsequently inclosed within the covers of our Bible), what are we to think of them but as venerable traditions of the Jews—not by any means as verbally inspired Scriptures of the Christians. We are inclined to take them then—especially in their double repre- sentation of everything—of the creation of the world from water, and afterwards from fire; of Adam and Eve jointly created, and then afterwards of Eve created from Adam's rib; of the deluge saving in the ark one pair of each animal, and then one of each unclean and seven of each clean animal, one of each clean animal being sacrificed on the exit from the ark. . . . We are inclined to take these things, then, as venerable traditions, as reverent imaginings of how these things may have been long ere man was present to wit- ness and record them. And we reverently acknowledge that these Hebrew traditions are far more worthy of the majesty of God, than the corresponding heathen traditions in Ovid and other Latin and Greek authors. Thus, then, we consider that these venerable Hebrew traditions stand no more in the way of modern science, so long as it proceeds on the old Baconian principle of first accumu- lating facts and then arguing upon them, than the old heathen traditions do. The old Hebrew traditions are still venerable for their reverent conceptions of God and man beyond all other ancient literature. Doubtless, this will be considered by the so-called orthodox, very dangerous doctrine; for they consider every word between the covers of the Bible as God- inspired. Let us come down, then, to the New Testament, and we ask, is the gospel of Luke verbally inspired? What does the author say himself? —"Forasmuch as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a declaration of those things which are most surely believed amongst us, even as they delivered them unto us who from the beginning were eye-witnesses, and ministers of the word; it seemed good to us also, having had perfect understanding of all things from the very first, to write unto thee in order, most excel- lent Theophilus, that thou mightest know the certainty of those things wherein thou hast been instructed." And the book of the Acts of the Apostles refers so distinctly to this introduction to the Gospel of Luke that there can be no question that the two books are by one author, written under the same circum- stances, and without any claim whatever on the author's part to verbal inspiration. Are we, then, to consider Matthew, Luke, and John as verbally inspired, and Luke and the Acts as written simply by men "having perfect understanding of all things from the very first." Christendom, on the other hand, has given the New Testament (like the Old) the credit of being verbally inspired from end to end; and harmonists for many ages have laboured in vain to reconcile sundry unim- portant variations—made important only by this improved and disproved theory of verbal inspiration. But our orthodox friends will say, have we not proof texts for this verbal inspiration theory? Two are quoted—(2 Tim. iii., 16). "All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for re- proof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness." Observe, it does not say, for instruction in science. Moreover, it does not say that all scripture is inspired, for the italics show that the verb does not exist in the Greek, which might be translated (as it seems to have been in one old version, at least) "all inspired scripture is profitable,'" &c.;, leaving it undecided what scripture is inspired ; and saying not a word as to inspira- tion being, as is assumed in modern times, verbal. The nature of the inspiration claimed for Scripture is, however, more clearly shown in the other text (2 Peter, i. 21), "Holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." This claims for the holy men simply the being moved to speak (and to write, we may assume) on holy subjects; but it does not claim for them that they spoke or wrote otherwise than according to their own best knowledge and that of their times, either as to natural science, or even as to the character and attributes of God himself. On this latter subject, especially, we trace in the Scriptures a marked progress towards worthy concep- tions, until at last the holiest Man of God spake as he knew the Father, for to him "God gave the Spirit without measure." Yet even that does not appear to have been what we mean by verbal inspiration, but rather the spiritual inspiration just now attributed to holy men of God. Most of our difficulties then, I believe, to arise from this unproved, this disproved, theory of verbal inspiration. Yours obediently. H. HIGGINSON. Eastern-hill, Dec. 16. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,—The discussion to which you have opened your columns on the above subject will not have been unproductive of good, if it does no more than to show that at least some of the teachers of the Christian religion in this colony are not the ignoramuses either in science, theology, or literature, which your correspondent "Habitans in Cedar" would lead the public to suppose. They are not, indeed, Comtéists, or Darwinians, or infidels, and are probably less versed in the writings of Lamark, Huxley, Buckle, Lewes, Mill, &c.;, than he; for with every hour fully occu- pied with the duties of their office, they have no leisure, even though they had the inclina- tion, to do more than examine very cursorily this class of works, which endeavour to prove that the faith which they hold and teach as divine is diametrically opposed to the "eternal truths established by modern science," and that they are preaching a gospel which has no foundation in fact, but is only the production of brains fer- tile in fanaticism and credulity. But the letters which have appeared in your pages from various clergymen testify that the subject of science versus revelation has re- ceived more attention from the "clerical mind" than your correspondent imagines, and that it is fully alive to the necessity of so far informing itself of the progress of scientific truth or fiction upon which atheistic and in- fidel arguments are based as to be able to meet them by counter arguments at least as rational and logical as theirs, and to "give an answer to every man that asketh a reason of the hope that is in him:" The atheistic creed which "Habitans in Cedar" propounded in his letter of Wednesday last, and which he has adopted as his own, is one which reaches the extremest limits of unbe- lief—a creed in which the very existence of "a personal god" is declared to be "an im- possibility," and from which, therefore, He is carefully excluded. The "articles" of his creed are eight in number, and are laid down in the form of dogmatic propositions, which he contends admit of no question whatever, for they are "demonstrated, fixed conclu- sions;" they are "eternal truths, established by modern science;" they are "truths funda- mental;" they are not matters of faith or conjecture only, but of proof, of demon- stration. So saith our prophet. But the very first of his propositions, viz., that "matter, although infinitely variable in its forms, is indestructible in its substance." only shows how little his creed will bear the test of a critical examination; for of all philoso- phical questions which have exercised the human mind in all ages, there is none which has more completely perplexed and baffled human research than this very question of the nature of matter, its destructibility or in- destructibility; and until we are in possession of the same knowledge as the original Creator of that matter, we cannot say whether it be destructible or not. But "Habitans in Cedar" tells us "it is demonstrated," it is "an eternal truth established by modern science," that the substance of matter is abso- lutely indestructible. But, I ask, how? when? where? by whom? This the prophet saith not; we must lake his word for it, unsup- ported by any proof. He knows very well that neither he nor "Science" can demonstrate that which in the nature of things is not capable of human demonstration. He can no more prove this proposition than he can that "a personal God is an impossibility." Assertions and assumptions are not proofs, and fail to carry any conviction with them. All the other seven articles of his creed are open more or less to the same objection, that they are mere theories, and not demonstrable facts. Can "Habitans in Cedar" or "Science" prove to me by mathematical demonstration (and nothing short of this will satisfy an in- quiring mind on such subjects), that "force is innate in matter," that this "force like matter is indestructible," that "life is a form of force," which, therefore, cannot be de- stroyed; that "man is simply the apex of the animal series;" that he com- menced his being as a gelatinous monad, the lowest and simplest form of animal life, which gradually developed itself "by spon- taneous evolution from one original type through a continually ascending scale of organisation" till it became man—the highest and most complex member of the series? "Habitans in Cedar" evidently believes these things, and I have no wish to doubt the sin- cerity of his faith in them; and had he confined himself simply to the expression of his belief from a conviction of their truth as revealed to him by scientific research, we could not claim a right to deny him the privilege of so doing. But when he boldly asserts that these propo- sitions are "eternal truths," and "demon- strated, fixed conclusions," we have a right to ask him to proceed forthwith to demon- strate these assertions, or to show how, or where, or by whom, they are demonstrated. He does not attempt to do so, for the simple and obvious reason that he cannot; but until he does, whether they be true or false, we must contend that they are incapable of demon- stration, and, therefore, cannot be "eternal truths established by science," but mere theories, probabilities, possibilities, guesses, at the most. It is a mere begging of the question, and utterly illogical and incon- sequential in argument, and an insult to our common-sense and reason, first to lay down a series of purely arbitrary dogmatic proposi- tions as a premise, which cannot be proved by any test within our reach, and then to draw from them certain inferences or conclu- sions, and declare them to be the inevitable and unassailable "truths established by modern science," whereas they are evidently "established" not by "modern science, which does nothing of the kind, but by a pal- pably false and vicious system of reasoning on the part of one of her disciples. Ac- cording to "Habitans in Cedar," science "asserts that in our times she has passed —or at least claims to have passed (a wise and significant modification)—beyond the stage of theory, and to have ar- rived at the stage of doctrine, of demon- strated fixed conclusions in respect of most of its fundamental principles." I say, then, let "Habitans in Cedar," as the champion of science, come forth in the lists, and challenge the world to witness his process for demon- strating that there is no personal God—that matter is indestructible—that life is "force," and indestructible also—that man was once a "petit corps gelatineux," a monad, a "nucleated vesicle," which, by the "struggle of life raised itself to a zoophyte, then to a mollusk, from that to a fish, from a fish to a reptile, to a bird, to a quadruped, to a monkey, and at last developed itself into a man. If he is in a position to do this, and succeeds, he will make a host of positivists, but if not, then the best thing he can do, in my humble judgment, is to keep his creed for his own delectation, and get out of it as much happiness, peace, consolation, and hope be- yond the grave, as the belief in a world with- out a God, a body without a soul, a present without a future, a sinner without a Saviour, can afford him. No one need envy him the possession of so terrible a creed. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, MELROURNE PARSON. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,—Allow me, as a clergyman, to offer my sincere thanks to 'Habitans in Cedar" for his timely, able, and eloquent letters. Able and eloquent every candid and thoughtful man will acknowledge, and timely every one who is acquainted with the tone of thought prevalent among educated young men will feel. Instead of the teachers of religion looking upon the writer of these letters as one anxious to cast off the faith of his fathers, and make the way easier for others—instead of their regarding his letters as a public invitation to the unclean birds that are to prey upon us—I think they should have expressed their grati- tude for the timely alarm. I fail to see any indications of a spirit which renders the letters a "melancholy" production. From my own separate observation as a clergyman, I have been for some time persuaded that thought is tending rapidly to atheism and revolution. I have felt that the air is full of the sounds of a coming con- flict; that the forces of unbelief are clothing themselves as angels of light, and are winning their way gradually to the ear and heart of the world; and these forces are marshalled under the method of thought which is called positivism, and backed by a purity of life which is almost faultless. I am thankful, therefore, that the alarm which "Habitans" has rung out has been successful so far. Our quiet conventional repose has been disturbed. I had thought of writing a few words in de- fence of my order; but the replies which have been made to "Habitans in Cedar," I fear, more than justify his complaint that the clergy are either ignorant or afraid of the progress of scientific thought. He is regarded in the letters that refer to him (reply to him they do not in my judgment) as launching shafts from behind a mask—as one who pro- claims his atheism—as a man of little brains— as one who needs the simplicity of a little child. Only one of the correspondents, the Rev. J. H. Gregory, has struck a true note. It, if allowed to swell to its fulness, may be heard in harmony with the voices of science. It must now be evident to "Habitans in Cedar" that not only some of the clergy, but that the great bulk of the easy-going respectable laity also, are unable to enter into sympathy with the rising method of thought. In my judgment the report of the Rev. Mr. Hender- son's lecture in the Argus was a far more "melancholy" spectacle than the letters which have been so largely criticised. The foolish sneer about Dr. Colenso (he had written a few school-books), the despicable inuendo about his claiming his salary, and similar remarks about "Habitans in Cedar," are reported as having been received with applause by a crowded and fashionable audi ence, that had assembled to hear the most commonplace lecture; and the ability and laborious research of the priggish lecturer are reported as having been eulogised by one of the professors of an university. Is not this, Sir, a more "melancholy" spectacle than the appearance of the letters which have been so described? In taking leave of this part of my subject let me remind your thoughtful readers, who may be disposed to judge the clergy hardly, that that association which has done most for the promotion of science, and under whose presidency Dr. Hooker's address was delivered—the British Association for the Advancement of Science—was planned and founded by a clergyman (the Rev, Vernon Harcourt) ; and that since its foundation, in 1831, nine of its presidents have been clergy- men, and upwards of fifty of its vice-presidents have belonged to the same profession; indeed, only one year from 1831 to 1835 shows the absence of clergymen from the position of either president or vice. May an increasing number of the clergy be worthy of similar distinction. I now pass on to say a few words on science in relation to Scripture. Science takes up these two positions—that the scientific method pre- cludes the idea of the supernatural, and that the facts of science are at variance with the teaching of Scripture. I might also go fur- ther, and say that science assumes to ac- count for all the spiritual phenomena which are involved in man's religious con- sciousness; and so, as "Habitans in Cedar" has said, "entirely covers the area of Christian belief, meeting it and opposing it at every point." If the first position be true, then revelation in any real sense is an im- possibility. The lowest form-spiritual illu- mination—is as inconsistent with this posi- tion as the highest personal dictation; for if spiritual illumination conveys any truth that is not the result of natural antecedents, we have an illustration of the supernatural. If the positive method is held sufficient to cover the whole field of phenomena, then the ques- tion stands thus:—Long-continued observa- tion and careful research have enabled thinkers to arrange the facts of the universe in certain classes—principles of science—commencing with the simpler, and ascending to the more complex. Thus, all the forces of nature have been arranged and tabulated, and the ut- terance of Renan is the dogmatic statement of the result—"In the name of universal experience, we banish miracles from history." No force capable of producing superna- tural results has been observed in nature. Revelation presents certain facts which are not accounted for by the known forces of nature. They have no known antecedents meaning by known, those that have been observed and recorded as producing pheno- mena. The facts of revelation are thus of an arbitrary character. They are not con- nected by any intellectual method with the other facts of the universe. We occupy a continent of natural truth, and our prophets and seers observe and record all the facts which it presents to them from time to time. In doing this they move in certain defined paths of progress (methods), which they find adequate to reach all the phenomena of their world. But yonder, far away, is an island, hidden in the mist of ages. Its re- puted facts do not harmonise with those that have been already observed, and our known paths of transit do not enable us to connect the far- away land with our continent; and thus, by bringing them under one law, enable us to see the higher harmony which may exist. Those who describe this islet tell us of its everlasting glories—how that it is more beautiful than "The golden islands Gleaming in your flood of light," that from it came low sweet sounds awaking harmonious echoes in the human heart, and satisfying all yearning aspirations. Is not this evidence of its reality? And yet none of our recognised paths of transit will bring us to it. And we ask ourselves, is it the creation of our own imaginations? Have our own yearnings and sympathies em- bodied themselves in this beautiful islet? Cannot the domain of revealed thought be affiliated to that of the observed phenomena? Is there no isthmus-peninsula yet undiscovered, by which the island is con- nected with the mainland? If we would reach it, granting its reality, must we forsake the natural method of transit, by which we have arrived at all the facts of our continent, and enter some ''Divine canoe," which shall bear us through constantly revealing beauties to the "Temple of the Spirit." If this be so— if revealed thought cannot be connected in- tellectually, and take its place in the great scientific system—then let us understand this, and cease beating the air in our endeavours to give revealed religion a logical basis. Let us understand fully that revelation can only be accepted by those who have been made by a "desolating experience," to feel their need of its teaching. That its evidence is found in the religious consciousness that it evokes, and to which it appeals, But let it be remembered, also, that the positive method covers even this ground, and assumes to account for these spiritual phenomena. But I do not think that we are compelled to accept this position. "The po- sitive mode of thought is not necessarily a denial of the supernatural." So speaks the apostle of positivism in England (J. S. Mill). "The positive philosopher is free to form his opinion on the subject, according to the weight he attaches to the analogies, which are called marks of design, and to the general traditions of the human race." Here, then, in connexion with the last method of science is a method of affiliation suggested. The analogies, which are called marks of design, and the traditions of the human race—these may witness to the pre sence of that force hy which spiritual phe- nomena have been produced. But positivism may fairly judge of the value of such testi- mony, and if, after the application of the positive canons of criticism, to these marks of design, and the traditions of the human race by which revelation connects itself with human thought — by which the golden isle is attached to the great con- tinent—if revelation makes good its claim to a standing, as a part of the pheno- mena of the universe, the first great difficult will have been removed in connexion with revealed religion. Revelation is not pre cluded by the method of science. And then in dealing with the second part of the sub- ject—that the facts of science are at variance with the facts of revelation—I would suggest that this is a question of interpretation. It is quite possible that we have not hitherto recognised the true principle of interpreta- tion. There is nothing improbable in the opinion that truer methods will ultimately be adopted by which the harmony of revelation with all the other works of God will be made to appear. Assuming the Bible to be revelation from God, it is His work as much as the world is His work. Well, earnest men, careful observers, have been thousands of years endeavouring to understand this better. It is but lately, after many failures that the eternal principles of science have been formulated, and even now some of them are merely tentative. Apply the same line of thought to the other works of God (the Bible on the Christian assumption), and may we not say here that its simplest laws, like the astronomical in science, have been observed and approved from the first, but that its more complex laws, by which it is inter- laced with human philosophies and sciences remain to be discovered, and that when these are discovered (and the laws of science may help us greatly in their disco- very), then will Christianity have reached its positive or scientific stage. Perhaps I had better illustrate my meaning by some ex- ample. In such a system we shall learn to distinguish between that which is permanent and that which is transient. In our Blessed Lord's teaching we shall see in his precepts principle eternal and always applicable, at an application which is simply relational. Take, for example, Our Lord's precept relat- ing to divorce. The principle is, that the separation of husband and wife is not to be allowed except for an adequate cause. But that which would be a very inadequate cause in the then state of civilisation might be very suflicient cause in a much more ad- vanced condition. Overt unchastity was the alone sufficient cause at that time. Might not incompatibility of character and taste be a sufficient one when men shall have become— "The crowning race Of those that eye to eye shall look On knowledge" ? The eternal principle of Our Blessed Lord would not thus be abrogated. This principle of interpretation applied to Our Lord's teach- ing, and no conceivable advance can render it outworn and unsuitable I suggest a few principles as specially applicable to the Old Testament, considered as a revelation from God. First, that the method of the Old Testament is essentially Eastern and Jewish, and that where we should look for the natural cause, the writers of the Bible pro- claimed the first cause. If this be true, then the accounts of man's fall might be regarded as an allegoric repre- sentation, according to Eastern usage, man's moral defection. And it would be reverent (not irreverent) to endeavour every where to trace out the natural causes which spiritual phenomena were produce. Secondly, that in respect to all the other sciences—astronomy, geology, history, soci- ology—the writers of the Bible wrote in ac- cordance with the then state of knowledge using the facts of their own civilisation for the conveyance of revealed truth. If this be so, then the accounts of the creation of the world, the spread of mankind, the crea- tion of man, might receive another interpreta- tion than that which we have usually given to them. It would not, then, shake one's faith to learn that previous races of men have in- habited our earth-say the Mongolian and the negro—and that Adam was only the founder of that branch of the human family which is known as the Caucasian, which is destined to raise, and civilise, and bless, all the other members of the human race. I am not putting these forward as accepted by myself, but simply as possible principles of interpretation, the acceptance of which would not shake my own faith in the reality of the revelation which we have in the Bible. That the letters of which I now take leave are timely may be illustrated from the language of G. H. Lewes, "that a new epoch is dawn- ing—that a new form of social life is growing up out of the ruins of feudalism—the most superficial observer cannot fail to see." "A deep unrest is now agitating society. . . . The ancient faiths are shaken where they are not shattered. The new faith which must replace them is still to come. What Europe wants is a doctrine which will embrace the whole system of our conceptions, which will satisfactorily answer the questions of science, life, and religion; teaching us our relations to the world, to duty, and to God." These words may be applied to the state of thought in relation to revealed religion. There is a deep unrest—a state of anarchy old faiths, old traditions, old systems, are giving signs of decadence. Thinking men are gradually cutting themselves away from them. Thus the way is being prepared for the science of religion, which, as Max Müller says, "may be the last of the sciences which man is destined to elaborate, but when it is elaborated it will change the aspect of the world, and will give a new life to Christianity itself. What we want is either Comte to show us the connexion of revealed religion with the physical sciences, showing us that like all the other sciences, it rises from that which precedes it, accepting, not contradict- ing its laws, and adding certain special laws of its own. Such a work would reveal all the sciences in beautiful harmony, with the science of numbers as a base, and the science of God as a top stone crowning the whole Revela- tion would then have the assistance of all the lower sciences in its interpretation, and it would be found that not one "eternal prin- ciple" had ever been contravened; that one Spirit had ever informed the body of revela- tion; that the one beam of light which illu- minated its earlier stages was the same in essence as that which bursts forth in fulness in "the sun of righteousness" in its later. We shall thus see that God (this light and spirit) had found a dwelling-place "among nations and families in every stage of social advancement." In this method of interpre- tation not one main feature of the strictest orthodoxy need necessarily be lost. Such at least is the opinion of the writer of these lines. C. M. [This controversy will now cease.—ED. A.] DANGEROUS NEW DYES.—At the London Guildhall, on Tuesday, a medical gentleman named Webber made a statement to the Bench to the effect that he had discovered that some of the new dyes used for socks and other articles of apparel wore made from poisonous compounds. His patients were suffering from painful sores. He had made inquiries, and found that the dye was made with an acid of a new and serious character, and that the men who made it were not able to work at it more than six months, and when they left their arms were covered with sores. Hr had corresponded with the manu- facturer, who had not only discontinued the use of those dyes, but had recalled goods hr had sent out, by which he would lose about £1,000, and had expressed his determination to return to the old wood dyes.—Liverpool Albion, Oct. 5. 