[?] GREAT BRITAIN. GHOSTS OF THE LOBBY. ToTinorrow the performers in Parliament will all make their exeunt, the curtain will drop, and the House, and the lobbies, and the corridors will be silent and desolate. Not only will the members of the House be gone, but all the ghosts of the lobby will , have vanished. What do I mean by the ghosts of the lobby? Well, they are strangers, whom we call ghosts, because they haunt fr,fip. Inbbv. arid becansp. wh Irnnw nnt. whence they came, nor whither they go, nor often for what purpose they appear. They are all like shadows ; they flit in and flit out, apparently without any aim ? or purpose. There was standing, the other day, leaning agaiiist a brass candelabra, a tall man, with somewhat of a military air, and dressed in something of the style of a retired soldier of no very ample means : antique hat, carefully brushed, but worse for wear ; high stock, of the old military sort ; long black coat, but toned up to the stock ; trousers same colour, strapped down to patched boots— clothes, in short, altogether rather seedy. But, all this notwithstanding, the man was evidently a gentleman, I had seen him scores of times without specially noticing him, but on this occasion I asked a policeman ' Who is that raan ?' ' Don't know, sir,' was the reply ; 'he has been about the lob! y for many years.' 'Has he any business1?' 'Not that I know of. He rarely speaks to any one, but just glides in, stops about a couple of hours, and then goes away.' VanisS.es, in short, like a ghost. Then there is another .man who has always been a mystery to all ??jttacinfrf.li a TTmiRfi. FJp ir. tlimnvTi avow rlvff'»r_ \- ' ? eut class of man from the other. The mili f .? tary gentleman is silent, sedate ; this is active, \ : rapid, talkative, and troublesome. 'When he first made his appearance he was dressed '''' i like a gentleman ; but, by degrees, he waned . ' ' into a most wretched state ; battered hat, filthy shirt collar, coat not merely seedy, but ragged, trousers the same, and shoes down at heel. For a session this man dived tmder, and it was thought that the poor devil, had gone utterly to the dogs ; but this t^ year he showed again, better clothed, but by ?'X no means in his pristine brilliancy. Him I £ dub a ghost, for whence he comes and whi ;:£ ther he goes nobody 'knows. ' Nor does'any ', -? body know why lie conies. As far as I can learn,- ne aoes not seen [uace or money, aLoeix . '? he is' evidently poor. To the members he is ?an. awful bore, so much so that more than ;' ' ' .once, after complaints made, he 'had to be \j , ;, -%ijuifiecl.©!3.t o£ tliH buiklW.. 'Once the Sor ?! ieafit-at-Arms was summoned to poke him J- ?? out of the tea-room. He pleaded, when the Setieant-at-Arms ordered him off, that he ?was a. Mend of tho member near whom he sat and whom he was boring ; but the mem ' ber denied the soft impeachment. 'Friend of mine r he. exclaimed, ' tfoa lorpia ; ana straightway our ghosr. had to vanish. But, nothing daunted, he was soon back again. He, as far as I can loam, comes here to ad vise the members. Last week, for example. the burden of his speech was that her Jui ?jesty ought not to go to Germany without appointing a regent ; and all night he stood near the members staircase, stopping the members as they arrived, to inculcate upon ? +.liftm this constitutional, doctrine, that the Sovereign should never leave our shoves without first appointing a regent. He stopped a Lord of the Admiralty ; lie nekl the Chancellor of the Exchequer by the but ton Now, whence does this man come? Into what hole d ? -es he dive at night 1 How does he live 1 He is , reported to be learned. Tb.ere are evidently glimmerings of the gen +i/1«i!-Ti nl-.nni-. Tiivn. (!-ren when he is in .rags. But what can indu.ee him to waste his. time: here? Some say ho is mad; but it lie be, there is a method iu his madness, for by mere accident [ heard' lately that some years ??a^o- ho met with :i vain old parson, and, having wuraied out his name, he succeeded ia: persuading him that there was once a peerage in his family which became exfciriet for want of an heir. The bait tnnk. and in the end lie got admission into tb& poor parson's home, where he re sided in free quarters for months, and bled the parson to the tune of twenty PQixnds, as his fee for tracing up his pedigree to its sap-root, and proving that he was undoubtedly heir to the extinct peerage. Two or three years ago a most imposing ???-;???.- -«eatleihan used to visit the lobby, tie had .. '-^ magnificent bald head, which shone m the viEopped up by a white neckerchief at least fcVree inches deep. His black surtout was of th e finest broadc loth , with trousers to match ; *tiid his boots shone like polished ebony. iLt first sight you would have thought that h.e was a clergyman ; but, on a second glance at him as he sat at his ease in a chair, you would conclude that h-5 must be a. retired j.tfeysician. So imposing was this man that the police were awed, and let him, contrary to rule, wander about as he liked ; and once «s the Speaker's secretary passed, he was so struck with, the stranger's appearance that be politely offered him a seat in the gallery. WgUe t&is; mftU TY(Ui '1 reality a liberate -~— — — — — ^— — ^— . — . ? ii convict. He was once a' cpnypyancer with a good practice in a provincial town, and lived in very respectable style — kept a brougham,' and visited in the best society. But in time it was discovered that he conveyed the property entrusted to him to ficti tious persons, and raised money upon xv't, whereupon the law had to grip hj4 -n, and after due trial, to consign hiin to , PeL 'tonville for seven years. But somehow1 ? I \\\now not how: — he got out long before his t& 'm na^ expired. For 'a time he ducked underr suddenly to emerge in the palace of her Maj*. 1-sty iX^ one °f the -levees, where he was preae, ^ed to the Queen by the Duke of Wellingtafc ? The imposture-was discovered, and his' nm 'e erased from the register, and again he was l°s* *° view, but not for ever. You cannot sh lk a cork- Tne next time te turned up he \was ln tne Queens gallery, when her MJaj,'ssty opened Parliament, dressed in full evex nng costume, handing the peeresses into the 3t Io'se- and escaped un detected. Some «m e afterwards I heard of him. as domestic cabai3-. lam to , an . -old lady in St. John's Wood. Tk a-n I saw him at the 7 ?_ ' t- 1 7 V ^ Ham /'nnflinm «?»-» A ammg-room oi tne ±jo-a '''» ^uiiuiuu) ai1^ Dover, at the Lu-I?at©-xW Station. He talked to the waiter, and i\ ^n left. I asked the waiter, ' Do you kaowft iat man ?' 'No, sir,' waiter replied, 'but Ke says he is a director of the South Eastern. ? and, hearing of our dining-room, he had! ie\\. ^me to see it, that they might have one lilb it on their line.' He has not been in ithiffiobby for a long time. The last time he was' there he suddenly found more eyes fixed! upon him than he liked, and straightway, he- arose and marched out. I have neither seen or heard of him for more than a year. Perhaps the devil has got his own at last:.— Loadon Correspondent ©f. the Liverpool Journal.. 