HARRY LINTON'S DOWNFALL. A STORY OF OLD SYDNEY. By R. A. ATKINS. CHAPTER VI. PLOTTING IN SECRET. " Magna vi et animi et corporis, sed ingenlo malo pravoque." Sallust de Cat. " He would have passed a pleasant life of it, In depite of the devil and all his works, if his path had not been crossed by a being that causes more perplexity to mortal man than ghosts, goblins, and the whole race of witches put together, and that was - a woman." Sketch Book. Some time since the writer of this veracious history was seated in the public room of an hotel in Ararat, in which were imbibing three squatters. In another corner of the room sat an old white headed man, with a flaming nose and fishy eyes. The squatters were discussing the arrival of the Prince and the expense which Mr. Moffatt was going to to give him a fitting reception. " How absurd !" exclaimed one with a would-be aristocratic drawl, by the by, how do men who have moved for the most part in the society of sheep, cattle, and kangaroo, learn that Dundrearian drawl ? " If he paid me a visit I'd make no fuss. He would have to take me as he found me, pot luck you know." " Certainly ! " exclaimed the others. They then began to talk of the glorious independence of an Australian squatter. How he is above caring for visits from the great ones of the earth ; and looks down from his magnifico-bucolic elevation on princes, and all beings of that genus, with a patronising gaze. Upon this, up started the old man, he of the inflamed eyes : - " Look here you men !" he exclaimed gesticulating furiously, " don't talk such bosh as that ! Who are you, that prefer not to care ahout receiving a visit tfom the son of your Queen ? You are counting your chickens before they are hatched. There's not a -- squatter in Victoria but would gladly blacken the Prince's boots if he would condescend so far as to visit his station ! Don't try to impress strangers with your importance by talking such --- rot as that, because no man in his senses would believe you ; and if what you said were true, that is, if you felt no respect for the son of Queen Victoria, then you deserve kicking from Dan to Beersheba." The squatters vanished ! Bravo, old man ! You showed more of the English gentleman in that one inelegant speech of yours, interlarded as it was with words not to be sounded in ears polite ; than did those three disgusting snobs who retreated before the fire of your just indignation, in all their disloyal, vulgar braggardism ! Feeings similar to those felt by these squatters had long pervaded the breast of Mr. Cash. He longed to become on terms of friendly intimacy with the officers of the garrison and others of that "set," and yet at the same time tried to persuade himself that he cared nothing about it. He had frequently dined at the vice-regal table, why therefore should he care to receive an invitation to the officers' mess ? For the same reason which induces cantankerous children to cry for the moon ; foolish young men to fall in love with unobtainable young ladies ; or rich old ladies to expect the disinterested love of penniless young suitors : because of that obstinacy implanted in the human mind which causes men and women to refuse to accept things as they are, and continually to hanker after the impossible. Mr. Cash knew very well that it would be as easy to mix oil and water as it would to bemingle free settlers and emancipists. Even Governor Macquarie had found himself unequal to the task, yet Cash desired to carry it out. It was therefore with no slight feelings of exaltation that he received a visit from Captain Lambert. Lend him a few hundreds ! Of course he would, was proud to make his acquaintance and hoped they should become fast friends, what a disappointment it was, Hector's losing the race, couldn't be helped, would Captain Lambert stay and dine, that was right ! And so Mr. Cash chatted on, having an eye to business, however, all the time ; and taking care to charge cent. per cent. for the money he advanced. The dinner was the best that money could procure, and the wine was excellent, so that the brave Captain became so delighted with his host that he patted him on the back and showed his appreciation of the good things before him in every way, except that which Cash most desired, namely, by giving him an invitation to mess. Ply him with wine as he would, try all the means he knew, throw out the broadest hints it was no use. When Captain Lambert at length rose to go, Cash found, to his mortification, that there was as yet, no chance of being admitted into the exclusive military circle. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * The morning after the cup race, Mr. Cash had paid a visit to the bank with which he did business. "Good morning," he said to the cashier who was at the counter. " I shall be drawing some very heavy cheques for a time, as I've lost over six thousand pounds on those infernal races !" " Very well," said the cashier smiling, " they must indeed be heavy if you mean to overdraw your account." Mr. Cash walked away well pleased with himself. What a thing it was to have money ; and why should he bother himself about the officers ? Let them cut him if they chose, he could buy the whole regiment up for that matter ! And so he walked on smiling contentedly, until at length his brow grew stern, and his looks more serious - he was thinking of Dora Winter, and how to gain her. He was a clever, clear- headed fellow, this ex-convict, a man of sound judgement and great determination, but, unfortunately all his talents were misapplied, and all his inclinations evil. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Wilkins had kept up his nightly introspection of the Colonel's house, and listened through a chink in the weather-boards, to the last conversation which had taken place between the old officer and Harry Linton, with which the reader is already acquainted. It was soon after the departure of Captain Lambert that the emissary returned, and told Cash all he had heard, The millionaire was so pleased with the report, that he gave his aervant a bottle of rum, before dismissing him for the night. I may here remark that excessive rum drinking, was one of the chief vices prevalent in Sydney at that time. " So the young puppy has lost heavily on the races ;" soliloquised Mr. Cash, " and will doubtless want to borrow the money. Now the question is, how, to induce him to borrow what he wants from me ? I must think it over." The man here rose, and, proceeding to his bedroom, steeped a towel in cold water, and folded it around his head. He had drank more wine than usual, with the jolly captain, and was not so cool-headed as he wished to be. After repeating the bath two or three times he returned to the room. " I have noticed him of late, taking solitary walks towards Botany. If I can catch him tomorrosw, I'll find some excuse to converse with him, and, if he does not bite, I'll boldly offer him the money. Only five days and I must close on the old colonel. Now, suppose I let things take their course, and trust to chance. I hardly know which will be most advisable. Yet the youngster may be able to borrow the money somewhere else. No, no ! he must have it from me. Besides, I've not yet matured my great scheme to crush him. Let me think it over. Mr. Cash now lit a cigar, and was soon lost in deep thought. Occasionally he would wink gleefully at the wine-glass and rub his hands, from which it is to be inferred that his cogitations were satisfactory. Then, again, he would suddenly look grave, and mutter, " Perhaps, after all, she will not listen to me - a convicted felon !" And then a dangeroas light would blaze forth from his eyes and he would set his teeth firmly, and clench his hands with fury. So the hours passed and still he sat smoking and spinning his web - weighing the pros and cons of the treacherous scheme which he was maturing with a cleverness and perspicuity worthy of a better cause. It was not until the cold breeze of early morning blew in at the open window, and the amber light began to glorify the giant Sydney harbour, that he rose to seek rest - to try and forget his wicked intentions and calm his burning passions in sleep and temporary forgetfulness. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * The evening subsequent to that on which Captain Lambert dined with Cash, and Harry had the interview with Colonel Winter, Dora sat conversing with Mrs. Grey, at whose snug residence at Parramattta she was staying. The room was plainly though elegantly furnished, and gave clear evidence that the dwellers therein were people of taste and refinement. The elder lady - for she had passed the allotted three score years and ten - was the widow of Major Grey, late of the New South Wales Corps. She was a fine old lady - one of that class now, alas ! nearly extinct. Where have those fine old English gentlewomen gone ? Have they also been unable to keep pace with this go -ahead age, and dropped back in the struggling race, to sink out of the ranks of life in company with the old English gentlemen - Sir Roger de Coverly and Co.? I think it is Mrs. Beecher Stowe who asks the question - why no one ever thinks of describing the beauty of old women ? - but, whoever it is, the inquiry is natural in these days of sensational novels with heroines like nothing in " the earth beneath." Whilst novelists are trying to outdo each other in giving glowing descriptions of young ladies - making them preternaturally perfect in form and feature - with dispositions such as no human creature under the sun ever possessed. ( I write it with all reverence ) - not one of these scribblers ever "comes out strong" on the subject of antique beauty. Far be it from an humble individual like myself to attempt it, for how could I, who shrink from undertaking to describe the beauty of youth, dare to depict the serene comeliness of a green old age ? Well, we must leave description alone, and go on with our story, first of all, premising that Dora has just concluded a confession to the motherly old lady, who has listened to it with the same love and patience that she would have displayedi had the fair girl before her been one of her own children \- one of those departed ones long since snatched away from her by death. " And so, my dear !" said Mrs. Grey, after gazing earnestly at Dora for a time, " you love this young officer ?" Dora blushed and hung down her head, whilst tears forced themselves from her eyes and rolled down her cheeks. " Nay, nay, child," the old lady continued, " I meant not to pain you. You most hope for the best - there is this to be said - Harry is rich, and can easily pay the money your father requires. He is of good family - the Lintons of Salop, are old friends of mine - I knew his father well, but have never seen him ; is he dark, Dora ?" " Yes - that is - no, I don't know," stammered the young lady, trying to look as if she was not blushing. " Well, well, never mind," Mrs. Grey went on. " Dark or fair, it does not matter, so that you love him, and he is worthy of you, so set your mind at ease, and hope for the best l" Mrs. Grey here appeared to be deeply engaged with her knitting, but Dora seemed ill at ease, and spoke after a short pause : " I must tell you, Mrs. Grey, though it grieves my heart to speak it !" she paused, and seemed struggling hard to master her emotion. The elder lady discreetly kept silent, and presently Dora continued : -" Harry, that is, Mr. Linton, was at the races, and he sat near me. When the cup race was run, I saw him turn as white - oh, so white ! and he ran off, looking so dreadful, and never spoke a word. He told me he had the money to pay papa, and I am afraid he lost it all on the race." Mrs. Grey sat looking anxiously at the poor girl, who now burst into a paroxysm of tears. With the prophetic divination of old age, she began to see troubles, dark and gloomy, looming in the distance ; but she never showed it, that brave old lady ! not she, but only tried the more to comfort her companion. " My dear girl," said she, "do not alarm yourself unnecessarily ; and never meet sorrow half way, " remember that suffcient for the day is the evil thereof." Even if Harry has been a loser on the race - and those young men will bet - I remember my poor husband once ; but that was before we were married --" Whatever 'a propos' anecdote Mrs. Grey intended to tell was never destined to enlighten the ears of Dora, for at that moment the servant opened the door, and saying, " For Miss Winter," handed Dora a letter and retired. Dora looked at the envelope and saw that the address was in her father's handwriting. Apologising to her hostess, she hastily opened it, and read as follows : " My dearest Dora, Harry was here last night, and assured me that the money would be paid before the 24th inst. I do not wish to cause you any uneasincss, my dear girl, but consider it my duty to warn you not to forget that there is no certainty in this world. The best way to avoid disappointment is to deal sparingly in hope. "I desire you will return to your old father on the 25th, as the house does not seem llke itself when you are absent, and old Peggy is asking me every day when her young mistress is coming back. Do not come before then, as it is uncertain whether I shall be at home. "Give my kindest regards to my old friends, Mrs. Grey and Mr. Camp, and believe me, " In haste, *' Your affectionate Father, "John Winter." When Dora had read the letter, she handed without a word, to her old friend. She appeared overcome with terror \- a dread of impending calamity. Mrs. Grey perused the letter calmly to the end. She was evidently impressed with the same feelings as Dora, but there was no trembling in her hands as she refolded and returned it - nothing to betray what her opinions on the subject were. " My dear," she said gently, "my brother William will return soon - it's near his time now ! He has more judgment than either of us, we will wait and see what he says. But hope for the best, my child, hope for the best !" 