FRIDAr, AOQUST 28, 18G8. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, The SI'EAKKK took the chair at half-past four o'clock. Mr. FRANCIS referred to a paragraph which appeared in Ike Argus of that day, relative to a previous statement of his with regard to the increase in the imports and exports for the first seven months of the present year, as compared with the corresponding period of the preceding year. The hon. member said he found from official returns that day sup- plied him from the Custom- house, that allow- ing for all the New Zealand gold which had passed through the Custom-house, tho net increase of trade for the year up to the lath of the present month, as compared with the corresponding period in 18G7, amounted to £1,350,115. Mr. LANGTON presented a petition from Mr. Afoses Alexander, praying that he might be heard by counsel before the committee ap- pointed to inquire into the charges made against Mr. Jones. The petition having been read, Mr. LANGTON moved that the prayer of the petitioner he complied with, and cited a case to prove that a similar course had been adopted by the House of Commons. Mr. M'DoNNELii seconded the motion. Mr. G. P. SMITH, in opposing the motion, contended that the caso alluded to by Mr. Langton Avas no precedent at all. Tlieie counsel was allowed to a person who him- self was charged with an offence. In the matter before the House the person applying to be heard by counsel was only summoned as a Avitness, and the person he was summoned to appear against did not ask for counsel, but was willing to leave his case in the hands of the committee. If Mr. Alexander's state- ment was true, he needed no protection. The motion was then put, and negatived by a majority of thirty-eight to five. A similar petition was presented by Mr, Everard from Messrs. Randell and Roes. Mr. LANGTON moved that the prayer be granted, but the motion was negatived by a majority of thirty-four to six. In reply to questions hy lion, members, it was elicited that the Government had not yet considered the claims of the civil servants and other public creditors, to interest on the sums due to them which remained so long unpaid, but the matter would be dealt with during the recess ; that tho Exhibition- build- ing had been handed over to the trustees of the Public Library, because it Avas built by them out of a special grant from Parlia- ment, and on land convoyed to the trastees. The message of the Legislative Council, for altering and amending the constitution" having been taken into consideration, . Mr. M'CCLLOCH said the House was not invited to a conference, but to appoint a joint committee, to whom should be referred the question of amending the constitution, He thought this would prove an inconvenient com se. It was, in fact, initiating the system of having one chamber of Législature only. Ile prefened two. He quoted from May to show that in England no joint committco hod been appointed for over a. century and a half. It would be altogether unwise to appoint a joint committee AVIIO might bring up a report which the House Avould disagree with. Ho therefore moved that the House deem it inexpedient to accede to the request of the Legislative Council for a joint com- mittee to consider the subject of a reform of the Constitution. Mr. CASEY seconded the motion, which, after a few remarks by Messrs. Reeves, Bindon, Kerferd, and Everard, Avas agreed to. The resolutions, previously passed in Com- mittee of Supply, Averc reported to the Houso, and agreed to. The expiring law-Scab Prevention Act Continuation Bill-was read a second time, and passed through its remaining stages. The House resolved itself into committee of the whole, to consider the propriety of granting to the family of the late Mr. Peter Snodgrass, M.L.A., the sum of £1,500. Mr. J. T. SMITH moved that the sum of £1,200 be granted for the purpose mentioned, He dwelt at some length on the long period during which the late Mr. Snodgrass had been a member of the Legislature, and referred to the fact that the principle of voting sums of money to the widows of lion, members had already been admitted. Mr. M'CULLOOII said he had intended to place the sum of £1,000 on the Estimates lor Mrs. Snodgrass, but as the bon. mem- ber had reduced the amount to £1,200 in Older to secure unanimity, he trusted the resolution would be agreed to. ' After a few remarks from Mr. BUBTT- who unsuccessfully moved that the amount be £1,000-and Mr. EVEBAIID, the motion AVOS agreed to. The Hou!>e then adjourned until Tuesday, at four o'clock. Batting seems to be infectious. The example of Mr. "W. A'BEOKETT has been followed by Mr. OUR ; and there appear to have been just as foAV compunctions of conscience in the one case as in the other. In political garments, reversible coats will soon be your only wear. The time may arrive, indeed, when the trouble of turning them Avili be avoided, by wearing parti-coloured habits like the priA'ileged jesters of the Middle Ages. As to principles and convictions, they are coming to be regarded as super- fluities and incumbrances. Consist- ency is discarded as an obsolete virtue ; and the cardinal maxim of our Sir Politic Wouldbes is to be " ever strong upon the stronger side." Ambition, or a more ignoble motivo, must be gratified at any cost ; and if a seat in Parliament cannot be had by professing one set of opinions, candi- dates like Messrs. A'BECKETX and OUR have no scruples about adopting thoso of a totally opposite character. The public shrugs its shoulders and sneers or smiles ; and the versatile politician, devoid of any fine sense of honour, passes oA'er into the ranks of his former opponents AAÍthout a blush. . It * is scarcely^ possiblo,"that he" can j be implicitly "^trusted" by liis new associâtes;, or that lie can escape tlio , scorn of liis old ones ; but this sort of j thing goes on notwithstanding, and will continuo to do so until a higher standard of political morality is adopted by our public men,'and their conduct is sub- jected to a more rigorous criticism and a severer judgment than it undergoes i at tlie present time. "When addressing the electors of J Campbellfield the other evening, Mr. ORR apparently found it expedient to refer to a charge made against him by his opponents, that he waa not " politi " cally honest." In reply, he observed that "the ground of this charge was 1 " the action he took in regard to the " protective tariff of the M'Culloch " Ministry ; hut he defied any one to " say that lie had opposed the Govern " ment in anything else." Candidates for Parliamentary honours ought to havo long memories, especially where it happens that they have previously occu- pied seats in the Legislature. We were under the impression that, during the last two years more particularly, Mr. OBR was a uniform, if not a zealous, opponent of the M'Culloch Administra- tion and its policy. Were the speeches he is reported as having delivered against them in the official Hansard the playful imaginations of the stenogra- phers ! Were the numerous division lists in which he figures as having voted against the Government on so many occasions falsified by the insertion of his name on the wrong side ? Either Mr. ORR made a very indiscreet chal- lenge, when he was pleading to be ac- cepted as only a slightly heretical member of the M'Culloch denomina- tion, or the Hansard reporters have done him grievous wrong. He has either evoked a scrutiny which must result in the discredit of his confident assertion, or somebody has been making speeches, acting as teller on various divisions, and giving votes in his name and without his knowledge. Who was the Mr. ORR who, on the 1st of March, 18GG, opposed the third reading of the Supply Bill, and censured the unconstitutional proceedings of Mr. FBANCIS in relation to the collection and remission of Customs duties 1 Who was the member of that name who, upon the 10th and 20th of the same mouth, spoke and voted against the Government on The Argus privilege case? Who was it that, still taking the name of ORR, rebuked the coercive policy of Mr. M'CULLOCH and his colleagues towards the Upper House, as reported in Hansard for the 4th of April 1 How is it that, in the pages of the same incon- venient record, we find it stated that on the 8th of May Mr. ORR reprehended the course pursued by the Administra- tion in not enforcing payment of the bonds taken for Customs duties ; that on the 14th of May he voted against the Government on the Postal Conference question; that on the 21st and 2Sth of May he spoke and voted with the Oppo- sition in the debate and division which took place on the subject of the pro- cedure in relation to money bills ; that in the course of the next month, he voted with a minority hostile to the Government for an inquiry into the working of the Land Office ; and that, on the Sith of October, he spoke against the inclusion of the Darling grant in the Appropriation Bill 1 All these things arc written in Hansard, and yet Mr. ORR, while solicit- ing the suffrages of the electors of East Bourke, has the temerity to defy any one to bay that he had opposed the M'Culloch Administration on any other question but that of the tariff ! That the candidate should havo turned his coat for the sake of creeping back into the Assembly under the patronage of the stronger party for the time being, was sufficiently discreditable and hu- miliating ; but such contemptible tergi- versation is less to be despised than this pitiful disavowal of his own acts while in Parliament. In spite of the certifi- cate of character produced at the meet- ing from Mr. FRANCIS, in which that gentleman did not hesitate to express his strong reliance on Mr. OUR'S per- sonal integrity, and his strong desire for that renegade's success, we should hope that the electora of East Bourke, if a majority of them aie bent on having a Loyal Liberal for their re- presentative, will reject the candidate who has not only ratted from his party, bat who actually endeavours to impose upon the constituency by misrepresent- ing his own speeches and votes in the Legislative Assembly. That turncoats of this stamp should be welcomed as penitent sinners by any political party to which they may happen to desert, is a great misfortune, and a deplorable proof of the stage of demoralisation reached by our public men. But there is all the greater reason that the constituencies should signify their scorn of the whole tribe of apos- tates and trimmers, by rejecting every member of that despicable fraternity who may present himself for election. Those pretended converts to the faith of Mr. M'CULLOCH are especially entitled to condemnation, who deny that they ever held the opinions they expressed in their speeches, and sus- tained by their votes. Some months since it transpired that Mr. D"¥TE, one of the members for Ballarat East, had received £350 for services rendered to a mining company, in procuring for it a lease of some auriferous ground, and he was repeatedly and publicly charged with having acted corruptly in the business. For a time he took no notice of the charge, but by and by, when he could not be permitted to maintain silence any longer, he took advantage of some kind of semi-public gathering at Ballarat, to reply to the charge, and abuse certain newspapers in which it had been kept before the world. He did not deny that he had received the money, nor that he had procured the lease for the company as alleged,; but he endeavoured to ex- plain his conduct by saying that he had acted solely in his capacity of commission agent. The defence was received with incredulity and contempt, because everybody knew that until Mr. DYTE became a member of Parliament, his talents as an agent were never __ -1.1» employed in such" delicate and impor- tant transactions'as'the'órie in question nor rewarded' With such "liberal fees. But after a time the scandal was allowed to drop, newer political inci- dents, and these of a still more sensa- tional character, usurping its place in the attention of the public ; and in reviving it, as he did on Tuesday evening, Mr. DYTE did a most unwise* thing. For why should he insist upsn keeping his name prominently be- fore the public, to the detriment of DOMINICK DILLON 1 Why parade his ovrn offences in competition with the more illustrious sinning of the lion, the Com- missioner of Public Works? It was pre- sumption in Mr. DYTE to think that the Assembly Avould concern itself about bis case Avhen it had his betters to deal with. The only hypothesis on Avhich his (Mr. DYTE'S) conduct in now obtruding himself upon the notice of the public can be explained, is, that of his having thought there was a good opportunity to get his little affair settled easily and safely when the Assem- bly had more important business of the same kind in charge. The matter hav- ing been referred to in the House, and no action taken against him, he probably thought ho could ever after declare that he had cleared his character from his place in Parliament. _ But if he entertains such hopes, they are altogether illusory. Until he had been heard in his own defence, there might have been some doubt as to his having clone anything Avrong ; but now there can be none, for his explanation is the weakest and lamest effort of the kind that the House ever was compelled to listen to. He explained nothing and disproved no- thing, but, reproducing the defence Avhich had failed him at Ballarat months ago, he experienced a second failure, and left himself in much Avorse caso than before. He has now shown that the facts alleged against him are unde- niable, and that he is poAverless to clear his character of the very grave sus- picion (to put it mildly) that has vested on it since these facts were first brought to light. It is true that he expresses his Avillingness to submit himself to his constituency on the point in dispute, and declares that he has " done nothing " derogatory to the position of a mem " ber of Parliament, or anything that " he need be ashamed of as a gentle " man." As to Avhat the electors of Ballarat East might do if he Avas before them for re-election, that is of little consequence. A constituency capable of electing Mr. DYTE at all, is capable of re-electing him any number of times, no matter AA-hat his conduct may have been. But AYe must demur to his re- mark about the position of a member and the feelings of a gentleman. Our Legislature has not yet fallen so IOAV that Mr. DYTE'S intromissions Avith the St. AndreAV Company caunot disgrace it, and as to the particular point at which a gentleman needs to feel ashamed, that is a matter in regard to AA'hich the hon. member has no means of forming an opinion. One of the oddest features of Mr. Dvm's explanation is that he could nob keep the nameof SPARGO out of it. Hehad once before introduced SPARGO into a political speech, Avith infinite detriment to his OAvn character and that of his friend ; and noAv, Avith a fatuous disre gaid of the fitness of things, he has again dragged this mysterious individual into the light, saying of him " that he "is a gentleman Avhom he can trust, " and strictly honourable." SPARGO may be all this, and more, but Mr. DYTE can scarcely be held to be a com- petent judge in such matters, It is clear that SPARGO keeps exceedingly doubtful company at times ; and if it concerns the public to know what sort of person he really is, other evidence Avili be required than that with Avhich the Assembly was favoured on Tuesday. Touching the statement which Mr. DYTJI made some time ago, that SPARGO shared the profits of any little delicate transac- tions that they might have had on joint account, Mr. DYTE noAv appeals to that in proof of his OAvn innocence. " If," says he, " hon. members would " look at the matter in a calm and dis " passionate manner, they AVÜI see at " once that no man capable of receiving " bribes, or obtaining grants for parties " not entitled to them, would have made " an admission in public that he had " received fee or reward." We admit that it is difficult to understand how any man so guilty Avould come to make voluntary confession of his guilt, but it is infinitely more difficult to believe that an innocent man would falsely so accuse himself ! Employing members of Parliament as agents in business Avhich has to be con- ducted at the Government offices, is, as Ave frequently have had occasion to point out, a most dangerous and objec- tionable practice, and one which we should think no one would resort to ivho had a just cause to prosecute. As for the members AVIIO undertake such busi- ness, and accept handsome payment for its transaction, they must either hold their character in slight esteem or have but little character to protect. It is not long since another member of the As- sembly (Mr. M'KEAN) admitted that he had received a fee for managing some little piece of business at the Land Office ; and though he could not, or would not, see hoAv suspicious his conduct in the matter had been, there were few besides who did not regard the transaction as, at best, an extremely doubtful one. It may be convenient for hon. members Avhose conduct excites suspicion, to shelter themselves under Mr. HIGIN BOTIIASI'S maxim, that a man's conscience is the best judge as to whether he has received a bribe or not, and so elude or resist inquiry. But they must not be permitted to escape so easily. Mr. DYTE quoted Mr. HIGINBOTHAM on Tuesday Avith great complacency, and seemed to hink that in referring the further con- sideration of Ids case to his OAYII con- science, he did all that was necessary to» the perfect rehabilitation of his character. We Avould point out to him, therefore, that this new court of conscience is ia little esteem with the general public, and its decisions but lightly regarded. Of course, every member knows ivhe ther he has beeu bribed, just as every ?prisoner in the dock knows whether ho is guilty, but it does not follow that cither is the fittest judge in his own case, or that the public would be con- tent with a judicature so extremely liable to a bias, in favour of the accused. Wo think Mr. HIGINBOTIIAM can scarcely feel flattered by the use to which his ill-considered words have been put by Mr. DYTE, while the latter must now see that it would have been better for him had he settled matters with his conscience in a less ostentatious manner than that which ho has seen fit to far i i.. Engli&h; papers of tho 2nd July are to liandi l»y the steamer Blackbird, from Sydnoy, .which anivetl late last night. To that port they were brought by the Panama mail steamer Kaikoura. The letters of our cor- respondents in New York, and our special files, havo not yet arrived, being on board tho s.S. Otago. Such extracts as our space permita us to give will ho found in another column. ïho English mail of the 17th July, vid Suez, is due in Melbourne on tho 3id proximo, and at Adelaide on Tuesday next, the 1st proximo. If the more than excellent time kept of late by the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamers Í3 maintained, it is not improbable that our usual telegraphic message fiom Adelaide, onticipatory of the full news, may lench tis in the course of Saturday or Sun- day. Telegrams published in the Wellington papéis show that the shock of earthquake expei ienced in the Middle Island of New Zealand on the 17th inst. was somewhat severe, although no damage was done. The distuihance of the ocean, which seems to have extended all round the New Zealand coast, occurred on the 15th inst. Wc believe wo may state that Mr. Ilalfoy, who not long ago was one of the representa- tives of Sandhurst in the Legislative Assem- bly, will contest the election for the Southern Province. The Legislative Assembly has decided not to co-operate with tho Council in the reform of the Constitution, hy-as was requested by the Upper House-appointing a joint-com- mittee on the subject. "When the matter was last evening taken into consideration, Mr. M'Culloch moved a lesolution to the effect that, to appoint such a committeewas not in accordance with the practice of the British Parliament, and that the House deemed it inexpedient to grant the request. He con- tended that any contemplated reform should he intioduced hy hill, dealt with hy ono House, and the measure forwarded to tho other, and said it would be most inconvenient to follow the plan proposed by the Council. Mr. M'Culloch's views were partially en- dowed by Mr. Kerfeid, and seemed to meet with the general approbation of tho House, as the motion was unanimously agreed to. Several bon. members, however, expressed a hope that at an early date the Government ?would take the matter in hand, and also that any measure on the subject received from the Legislative Council would meet with careful consideration. Petitions were presented to the Legislativo Assembly last night on behalf of Mr. Mose3 Alexander, and also on behalf of Messrs. liandell and Eues, praying that they mighlbe heard by counsel before the Jones Inquhy Committee. Mr. Langton in each case moved that the prayer of the petition be granted, but the House hy large majorities negatived both motions. The members of the committeo abstained from voting, as they considered it ?v as not right for them to express an opinion on the subject. During the debate in the Legislative As- sembly last night, as to whether the peti- tion of Mr. Moses Alexander to he heard by counsel before the Jones Inquiry Committeo should or should not ho granted, something \eiy like a scene took place between Mr. Langton and Mr. G. P. Smith. The latter lion, member was opposing the motion of the former, that the prayer of the petition should he gtanted ; and in the couise of his tomarks, nioic than once insinuated that Mr. Alex- ander was incapable of telling the truth. Mr. Langton interjected tho expression, "You ivould not say so outside." A rather sharp intcicbangc of compliments then took place, which was at last stopped by tho inter- ference of the Speaker. Mr. Smith is too fond of making imputations upon the chaiac ters of persons outside the House, whilst sheltering himself within the privileges of railiaraent, and it is a great pity that a membei so amiable, uibane, and concilia- tory in his general demeanour should make such n mistake. That Mr. Smith was once engaged in a street quarrel with Mr. Alexander is no reason why he should seize every oppor- tunity of denouncing his friend as being ex- tremely economical of the truth. Mr. Fiancis, in the Legislative Assombly last evening, referred at some length to the piuagiaph which appealed in The Argus of josterday, drawing attention to the fact that a large quantity of New Zealand gold helped to swell the import and export returns loi 18G8, and accounted to a Rreat extent for tho iucicase in trade appaiently shown in the fiist seven months of the present year, as compaicd with the corresponding period of 18G7, which JMr. Francis on a former occasion had stated at £1,003,401. Mr. Francis in diicctly admitted that The Argus was conect ; but he, at the same time, produced furthet official returns prepared by tho Cus- toms department, showing that up to tho loth inst. the imports and exports of the colony fiom the 1st of January last amounted to ¡£17,213,032, and those for the corresponding period in 1867 to £14,017,792, leaving a gross balance in favour of 1808 of £2,595,840. .The gioss amount of New Zealand gold impoited and exported amounted to £1,417,189, but of this £171,404 worth had been transhipped without passing through the Customs, leaving the net amount to be deducted from tho total balance of £2,505,840, £1,245,725, or, in other woids, reducing the balance in favour of the piesent year to £1,350,113. In tho Legislative Assembly last evening Mr. Bindon gave notice that, on Tuesday next, he would move that the House go into committee of the whole, for the purpose of adopting an address to His Excellency pray- ing that the sum of £200 may bo placed on the Estimates for the purpose of promoting technical education amongst the working classes by means of lectures, such lectures to be delivcied under the superintendence of a boaid, of which three members of the Assem- bly shall be members. The Legislative Assembly last ovoning agreed to vote tho sum of £1,200 for tho widow and family of tho late Mr. Poter Snod- grass, M.L. A. Mr. M'Culloch said ho had in- tended to place £1,000 on the Estimates forthe purpose ¡ but as the lion, member (Mr. J. T. Smith) had reduced the amount from £1,500 -the sum first asked for-to £1,200, ho tiusted that the House would unanimously agree to it. Mr. Burtt moved as an amend- ment, that the amount be £1,000, but he iS found no support whatever. " Tho Elections and Qualifications Com- mittee met again yesterday, to take into con- sideration the petition of Mr. C. E. Jones against the return of Mr. Humffray for Bal- lal at East. An objection of a novel and somewhat remarkable character was takon uy Professor Hearn, the counsel for the sit- ting member. The petition had been pre- sented before Mr. Jones came into office, and it was contended that his acceptance of an office of profit under tho Crown had dis- qualified him from being declared the mem- ber for Ballarat East, It was argued that under the terms of tho petition, the com «uttce could not simply unseat Mr. Humffray, but must also declare Mr. Jones duly elected ; and that as that had been rendered impos- sible, it would be futile to proceed with the case. The committee overruled tho objec- tion, and decided to go on with the case, but it is not improbable that tho question in- volved in it may form the subject of a report to the House. The select committee appointed by the Assembly to inquire into the charges against Mr. C. E. Jones meets to-day, at twelve o'clock. An extraordinary case of mistaken identity has como to our knowledge. About two months ago, a man was found dead or dying in the verandah of a house in Hotham. At the inquest subsequently held upon the body, a number of persons testified to its being that of a man named Collard, some of the witnesses stating that they had known the deceased for a considerable period. A verdict of death from sanguineous apoplexy was re- turned, and tho friends of'tho deceased in England were Avritten, to, informing them of the event. The day before yesterday, the man Collard appeared in Hotham alive, and in his usual health, after some months' sojourn in the country, The terror of the female mem- bers of the household whore ho presented himself was extreme, until he had satisfied them he was real flesh and blood, and not a ghost. This seems to havo been one of those curious instances of personal resom. hlance that aro sometimes read aboutinnovels or seen upon the stage, but which are gene- rally regarded as existing only in the imagina- tions of fertile story-Avriters, or ingenious dramatists.' The case Avas reported to the police yesterday, as it is of some importance for tho genuine Collard to estnbliih his iden- tity, inasmuch as he has been in the receipt of nn annuity, Avhich of course will have boon discontinued on the news of his supposed death. The question of appointing a public patho- logist and medical jurist will be considered this evening, at a special meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria, to be held in the board-room of the Melbourne Hospital, at eight o'clock. Dr. Youl will be present, to explain the reasons which haA'o urged him to propose the creation of these offices, and it is hoped that the members of the society will give their attendance. The bill introduced into the Legislative Council by the Hon. Dr. Wilkie to legalise the British pharmacopoeia in Victoria will also be considered. We have received the report of the depart- ment of Public Works in South Australia for 1867, from which we find that the expendi- ture for the year was £185,207. During the ses- sion of 18C7 £811,000 AvasA'oted under the Loan Act of the same session, for works and rolling stock on the following lines, viz. :- From Strathalbyn to Middleton, Roseworthy to For- rester's, from Port Wakefield northwards, from Adelaide to Kapunda, from Mount Gambier to Narracoopa, and from Forrester's to Red- ruth. There are fifty-six miles of railway in use. The income for the year was £125,583, and the expenditure £119,325. In the electric telegraph department the net revenue was £12,073, and the expenditmo, exclusive of construction, £14,150. The number of stations in operation is sixty-four, and there are 1,113 miles of line open, and 1,642 miles of Avircs. In his report tho superintendent discusses at some length a proposition that seems to havo been made to adopt a uniform rate of charge for messages, and expresses disapproval of the change. It is not required at present, he thinks, and could not be made to pay, and in any case it could only be adopted in concurrence Avith the other colonies in telegraphic communication with South Australia. The rush of deputations to the Government still continues, and little Hocks of thom were to be seen yesterday going round to the various Ministerial offices. What with the oxpecta. tions to which the preparation of the Esti- mates for 18C9 have given rise, and the still more eager desire to reap an early fruition of the promises which wero scattered so freely at the elections, every little township in the country seems able to find funds to send its leading men down to town, thero to try for a fair share of the good things going, and to come back the heroes of the hour. It is incon- ceivable, except after a reference to our columns of îeports, Avhat trumpery matters are now made the excuse fora deputation, and hoAV matters of the most trifling impor- tance are made much of by a long train of local celebrities and popularity- seeking mem- bers of Parliament. Yesterday, the old dis- putes between Bungaree and Buninyongshire were constituted the subject of a Avearisomely long discussion in Ministerial chambers ; and. those who related them Avero succeeded by a deputation, who made a courageous attempt to get one of the projected new railways car- ried through a particular lino of country. These, and a cloud of trivial matters, occupied most of the Winisteis, Avhose offices are in the western part of the city, during the fore- noon. A deputation, representing the Sandhurst Reception Commission, consisting of Mr. Holmes (mayor), Mr. MTntyre, Mr. Bur- rowes, M.L.A., and Mr. Mackay, M.L.A., Avaited on the Chief Secretary and Treasurer yesterday, for the purpose of asking for an additional sum in aid of the expenses in- curred in the reception of tho Duke of Edin- burgh. It Avas stated that the Sandhurst commission had made their arrangements so that the sum granted by the Government would havo been quite sufficient had it not been for the fire which unfortunately oc- curred, and Avhich burnt down the ball-room. In consequence of this calamity, which, of course, the commission could not foresee, a loss had been incurred of £1,707, and it AVOS thought that under these exceptional circum- stances there Avas a fair claim upon tho GoA-ernment. In reply to Mr. M'Culloch, Avho asked how it was that such a largo loss had taken place, Mr. MTntyro stated that the principal poitiouAvas represented by the hall tickets, Avhich, as the'entertainment did not take place, the people refused to pay for, There had been lost in this Avay £1,050, bo cause tho same expenses had to be defrayed as though the entertainment had taken place. Besides this, the fire destroyed £136 Avorth of flags, £250 worth of drapery, a number of musical instruments belonging to the band, and other property. . Feeling certain that tho Government Avould, under these exceptional circumstances, make a further grant of money, eight gentlemen in tho district had given their guarantees to tho bank, and they Avere now responsible for the amount. Mr. M'CuUoch said he quite recognised the claim as an exceptional one, but ho AVOS very un Avilling to open the question again, for if ho did other districts Avould be sure to put in claims. HoAvever, ho Avould consider the ap- plication and bring it undor the notice of his colleagues, but nothing, at any rate, could bo done until next session. A deputation from the committee of tho Immigrants' Aid Society, introduced by Mr. Harcourt, M.L.A., Avaited upon the Chief Secretary yesterday, for the purpose of asking for additional assistance towards tho institu- tion. The report of a sub-committee, ap- pointed to consider what stops were necessary to secure proper buildings/and to devise a system of providing more satisfactorily for the destitute and houseless poor, Avas laid before Mr. M'Culloch. It AVOS stated in the report that the Immigrants'Aid Society was established in 1852, to meet a Avant then greatly felt, and which its name indicated. In a very few years this need ceased to exist, and the institution gradually morged into one for the relief of the poor and destitute. The committee, therefore, recommended an alteration in the title to that of the " Society for the Belief of the Poor and Destitute.'' Although the buildings had been added to from time to time, they wero only adapted to accommodate 280 souls ; while for the last | three months there had been a daily average I of 350, and although the most strenuous ex- ertions were mado by daily cleansing and i ventilation to secure the good health of the lOccupants, yet wero an epidemic to break out in a place sp overcrowded the ' consequences might be fearful ¡ and to reduce the number would be to cost on the streots mon, women, and helpless children to starve. Moreover, ithe older portion of the buildings being ori- ginally only temporary erections, were now in such a dilapidated state that the committee could not longer continue their functions with- out bringing the matter under the serious con- sideration of tho Government, as they are becoming positively unfit for use. In spite of the liberal aid afforded by the Government to the society, assisted by private subscrip- tions, the funds had been quite inadequate to meet the demands made upon them, and the committee had been compelled to incur a personal responsibility, which they did not think they should he required to sustain ; at the same time, from the uncertainty of ob. taining temporary relief, the poor woro driven to vagrancy and its concomitant ovila. The committee, therefore, in the first place, urged on the Government the necessity of appor. tioning a sufficient sum of money to relievo them from the liabilities already incurrcd> and also to insure a continuance of the society's labours to the end of this year ; and to take such steps as they might think best for establishing it on such a basis as would secure the proper relief of the poor and desti- tute in this city and suburbs. The com- mitteo again strenuously urged the ad- visability of attaching a registry-office, with labour test, to assist in carrying out the objects of this society. It was stated ivy the deputation, in support of this report, that tho institution was now so crowded that beds had to bo mado up on floors and tables. The institution had com- menced the year with a debt of £500, which Mr. Verdon, when in office, had almost pro- mised should be provided for. Including this debt, there was o bank overdraft of £1,841, and there were other outstanding liabilities, up to the 31st July, to the amount of £3G0, making over £2,000 to be provided for. To meet these liabilities, there was only £2,500 to be received, being the balance of the Go- vernment grant of £4,000, which would give the committee less than £500 for the re- mainder of tho year. It was pointed out j that the society during the past year had received, exclusive of state aid, only £1,500, of which £700 had been obtained from the J labour of the inmates, leaving only £800 of voluntary contributions. Mr. M'Culloch expressed tho opinion that thoro were too many societies of this sort, and that it would be better if they wero amalgamated, an opi- nion in which the deputation concurred. Mr. M'Culloch then said that he would endeavour during the recess to hit upon some plan by which the institution might bo relieved, and placed upon a better footing. In answer to a question, as to why the application had not been made before, the deputation stated that they had been relying upon Mr. Vordon's promise, which led Mr. M'Culloch to make the remark that this was another instance of the evils of the deputation system. Appli- cations of this sort, he said, should be made in writing, and written replies obtained. The Royal Society held an ordinary meet- ing yesterday evening. The principal busi- ness was the reading of a paper by Professor Halford on snako poisoning, in which ho brought under notice an article that appeared in the Atlantic Monthly some time ago, and latelyrepublishedin TheAustralasian, He was piomised to continue his experiments on this subject, and make the results known. An irritable but not unreasonable corres- pondent, residing in Collins-street, calls our attention to tho perpetual annoyance to which he is subjected by hawkers, who, he says, come to his door about every quarter of an hour during the day selling articles that by no chance ho ever buys, and adding seriously to the duties of his servants, who are rendered as irritable as himself. He wants to know if the nuisance is not reme- diable. If it is not, he feels sure either that he will be driven insane, or he must remove to Cooper's Creek or some other remote locality, where hawkers are not. The weekly meeting of the Committee of the Benevolent Asylum was held yesterday afternoon ; present-the Hon. G. Harker (in the chair), also Messrs. Morrison, M. Lynch, Dixon, Zox, Barwise, Curtain, Mayne, Dr. Fetherston, and the Hev. M. Rintel. One death was reported-Charles Osborne, aged seventy- eight. The state of tho house showed 301 men and 141 women sheltered within its walls. There were fifteen applications for ad- mission, but tho committee were only enabled to adroit one of these, a very sad and urgent case. Notice of motion was given by a member of the committee, whose attendance is re- gular at the meetings-that they should bring under tho immediate notice of the Government the great amount of distress that at this season prevailed in this city, and which the committee of the asylum were altogether unable to alleviate ; at the samo time asking the Government to place at tho disposal of the 'committee some sufficient means to en- able them toieliove cases of distress which, under present circumstances, they were obliged to turn away from their doors. The twenty-fifth half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Studlcy-park Bridge Com- pany, was held at the Eureka notel, Sirop son's-road, last evening. Mr. Carson occupied the chair. The directors' report mentioned that the repairs recently completed at the bridge, at a cost of £373 11s. 2d., were of a most efficient and substantial kind. The es- timated cost of the works had been previously set down at £000. The revenue of the bridge is being lodged in the Land Morfcgago Bank, to the credit of a reserve fund, which at pre- sent amounts to £1,308 5s. 8d., on which in teiest was allowed at the rate of soven per cent. The cost of maintenance for the six months was £479 7s. 8d. ; charges, &c;, £52 2s. 8d. ; and the amount received by tolls, £421 j5s. Messis, Ferguson and Nicholson were re-elected directors ; and Mr. G. Roberts was re-elected auditor for tho ensuing half year. There was no other business trans- acted. ?\Yc havo received the agricultural and live stock statistics for South Australia for the year ending 31st March last, from which we extract the following particulars :-The total aica of land olienated from the Crown amounted, on 31st December lost, to 3,568,742 acres, or 20'7 acres for each indi- vidual of the population-144,021 acres having been added during the past year. Nearly two thirds of tho purchased land is in the occupation of the holders of the fee simple. The greater number of farms are from 100 to 200 acres in extent-and the average area is 137 acres. Tho total area of cultivated land is 810,734 acres, an increase of 10 per cent, on the previous year. The area under wheat was 550,450 acres, or 20 per cent, more than in the previous year. In the two seasons tho cultivation of this cereal has increased one-thiid, and now amounts to 3 l-5th acres for each individual of tho popula- tion. So much as 08 per cent, of tho cultivated land was under wheat, and the statistician observes "that tho whole agricultural popula- tion, and with them, to a leas extent, the general interests of tho community, are de- pendent upon the successful cultivation of one description of grain." The year's crop suffered greatly from red rust, and many thousands of acres of splendid growth, so far as the straw was concerned, were found not to be worth reaping, the ears being empty, or containing but a few shrivelled grains and dust. Out of 550,450 acres sown, only 491,740 were harvested, and some crops were reaped that yielded only two bushels to the acre. The total produce reaped was 2,579,894 bushels as against 0,501,451 bushels in the previous year, and tho average I "produce upon the whole area sown was '"only 4 bushels 401b. to the acre as against 14 bushels . 201b. in the previous ypar. Upon the reaped acreage the average yield was 5 bushels 12lb. Of the wheat harvested, one-half .was ia good marketable condition; one-third was'of a middling character, and the remainder in- ferior. The hay crop was . 4cwt. per' aero less than ' in tho previous year, ? but 5cwt. greater than in 1865-C. Moro land was sown with barley and oats during the year, but the yield of both was deficient, being six bushels per acre less than in 1866-7. ? The average yield of barley was 13 bushels 491b., and of oats 16 bushels 71b. The total quantity of barley roaped was 193,341 bushels, and of oats' 78,554 bushels." An increased area was sown with peas, the produce being 30,381 bushels, or 10 bushels 321b. por acre. Tho potato crop amounted to 6,538 tons, or 48cwt. per acre. Orchards and gardens show an increased aroa, but vineyards a slight decrease. The area now under vines isC,209 acres, with5,869,406 vinos in bearing, and 1,022,740 unproductive. The quantity of Avincmadc was 863,584 gallons, or 128,001 more than in 1806-7. In livo stock the returns show an increase of over half a million of sheep, while a previous' rapid de- crease in the number of cattle was found to have all but ceased. The stock in tho colony is as follows :-Sheep, 4,477,4-ÍD; horned cattle, 120,200 ; horses, 74,228; pigs, 89,304 ; and poultry of all kinds, 411,314. SoA'cral ladies have undertaken to hold a Christmas-tree festival in aid of the building fund of St. Mary's Church, Hotham. A strenu- ous offort is noAv being made to complete tho church. West Melbourne, though a largo and populous suburb, rtnps not boast of its retired millionaires, who can afford their munificent donations in support of thoir favourite minister or church, hence the task the build- ing committee have undertaken falls heavily on the congregation. The building is Gothic in its character, and an expensive style of architecture. The chancel and transept are now in course of completion. Tho tracery of the windoAvs cannot fail to.attract admiration ; indeed, the "church is well worth a visit of inspection. The ladies are "busy collecting articles whereAvith to adorn their respective trees, and readily accept donations, however varied. It is proposed, with. Mr. Kyto's per- mission, to hold this novel fair at St, George's hall. Ladies havo undertaken to decorate six trees with a thousand articles each, all numbered, a shilling entitling a person to draw for a number. Music and a refresh rtent-stall Avili be provided. A small charge for entrance -will bo made at tho door. It is expected that the building fund will be materially supplemented by this entertain- ment. A short time back reference was made to an endeavour on the part of tho Albert-street Christian Usefulness Society to raise funds for the erection of a building in a much neg- lected part of East Collingwood, for the pur- pose of a free night school, and also for any other efforts for the social and rch'gious good of the residents in that district. Those who have kindly assisted with funds Avili bo glad to learn that ground has been purchased and a commodious wooden building erected in Gold-street, at a cost of about £130. On Sunday last the place AVOS opened with services in the afternoon and evening, conducted by the Revs. I. NeAV and W. Poole, and on Tuesday evening a free tea meeting was given, the room being tastef ally decorated. Several pieces Avere sung by the Albert-street Baptist Church choir, and suitable addresses Avere delivered by various gentlemen. There Avere about 150 persons present on each occasion. On Wednesday, the juveniles in the neighbour- hood attending the night school and Sunday school, with others, in all nearly 200, were regaled, with a tea, and showed by their happy faces how much they appreciated the good things provided, and the magic lantern Avhich folloAved. Feeling that this Avork which is to be carried on in as unsectarian a manner as possible-aims at the general good of the community, the promoters, AVIIO have raised about £100 of the amount required, confidently appeal to the public for the re- maining £30. Donations forwarded to the care of the Rev. W. R. Wade, Tract Society's office, Avili be gratefully received. For the last ton years the office of honorary secretary to the Western District Pastoral and Agricultural Society has been most ably filled by Mr. Thos. Shaw, jun., of Woori- wyrite, near Skipton, and it is mainly owing to his exertions that the society now holds so prominent a position in the colony. In re- cognition of his services the members of the society determined to present him Avith a tes- timonial, and entrustod to Messrs. Walsh Brothers, of Collins-street east, the order for the gift. That order has noAv been exe- cuted. The testimonial consists of a centre pieco for the dinner-table, Avith tea and coffee service and kettle. These are all of sterling silver, ünd having been manufactured in Melbourne, may be regarded Avith interest as most beautiful specimens of the silversmith's art. The epergno is about twenty- eight inches high, and represents a fern tree with enriched foliage supporting the bowl. At the base are modelled figures of a merino sheep, a draught horse, and a ploughman ; and on the angles are placed a wheatsheaf and a bale of wool-tho whole depicting, as it were, tho pastoral and agricultural interests of Victoria. On three separate shields there are engraved the crest and monogram of the intended reci- pient, and the following inscription : "Presented to Thomas Shaw, jun., Esq., of Wooriwyrite, in acknoAvledgemont of his many valuable services as honorary secretary to the Western District Pastoral and Agricul- tural Society. Skipton, 10th September, 1808." The testimonial is valued at 200 guineas, and will be presented to Mr. Shaw at tho forth- coming shoAV of the society at Skipton. Al- though Mr. ShaAv's attention has been mostly directed to improvements in sheep-breeding, it is worthy of remark that tho nowly sottled farmers around Skipton havo boon most liberal contributors to this testi- monial. The Council of the Board of Agriculture met yesterday, and resolved that the national show should bo held at Ballarat on the 21st and 22nd October. Consideration of the question of remodelling the Board of Agri- culture Avas postponed until the 9th Sep* tomber. Yesterday the arguments in the suit Work inn Miners Company v. Prince of Wales Company, an appeal from a decision of Judge Rogers at BaUarat, Avere concluded in the Chief Court of Mines. Mr. Justice Molesworth re- served his decision. . i In the County Court yesterday, in Cohen and Others (trustees, plaintiffs sought to rocover rents under a bequest by Avili to public charities, but, as in a similar case tried lately, they Avoro non- suited on technical points. Mr. Hugh Peck's lottery scheme will form the subject of proceedings to-day in tho City Court, an information having been laid against him by the police. A heartless case of bigamy, or rather poly gamy, was brought forward at tho City Court yesterday, the culprit being James Henry Kemis, son of a Melbourne merchant well known in the early days of the colony. In 1860 the prisoner was married at Echuca to Mary Jane Logan, whose name, it appeared, he had subsequently himself assumed. Since this he has been married, it is stated, three times, the police having in their hands proofs of at least three marriages in all. His last marriage was on the 1st of the present month,when he was wedded to a young widow named Moore. He succeeded in getting into his hands a sum of £200 which she possessed, and for which, it seems, he married her. He was arrested a few days ago on the triple charge of wife desertion, false pretences, and bigamy. Evidence was taken yesterday to substantiate the latter of these accusations, on which he was com- mitted for trial, the others being withdrawn by the police. I A mnallbut peculiar instance of how the late deadlock still operates comes to us from Daylesford. Tué Mercury says:-" Senior-con-j stablo Rogers, - in charge of the police camp at Blanket-flat, has anything but enviable iquarters. On Wednesday night" ho had the company of three rowdies, handcuffed to his stretcher, who were brought up next, morning , on various charges. It is strange, but true, that all the materials for a lock-up have been lying upon the ground for a great length of time, only waiting the order for erection." "Mr. John Orr, who forfeited his deposit money at the last general election for Kil moro," says the Examiner, " is a candidato for the representation of East Bourke. At first it was stated he was a Ministerial candidate, but as Mr. Lobb,' the Mayor of Brunswick (about whose Ministerial proclivities there is no doubt), has since appeared upon the scene, it is possible Mr. Orr will turn round to the Constitutional side. When Mr. Orr first came to Kilmore he announced hiinsolf pri- vately as the Ministerial candidate, but find- ing Mr. Dwyer was tho Ministerial candidate, he soon adapted himself to tho altoicd cir- cumstances of the case. It is a great pity Mr. Orr does not know which side ho is on ; it would be a charity for some friend to tell him." A young lad, named Fraser, residing at Benalla, was bitten on the ieg a few days ago by a scorpion, and soon after began to exhibit symptoms of a dangerous character. The young fellow had loft his boots and stockings beside the fire before going to bed on tho previous night. Next morning when he put on a stocking, he felt something in it stinging him. Ho called to his father, who was in bed, that thero was something in his stocking biting him. The father hastoned to pull off the stocking, and killed the scorpion. The wound was then bleeding. The father sucked it, but the poor boy was gotting worse, until the doctor came and incised the wound, and applied tho usual remedies. He is now doing well. In the ü/oM?tí Alexander Mail is published a letter from Mr. Hartmann, of the mission stationj on the Wimmera, giving an account of the progress made with the education of the blacks. The writer says :-" I havo only been teaching the blacks for four years, and have found (with exceptions, of course) that it is want of application on the blacks' part that makes the work of education such a slow one. If they would attend moro regularly, and also do their homo lessons moro faith- fully, tho progress would bo more rapid. I havo had the proof of this lately. A few blacks from the Murray, who carno here about three-quarters of a year ago, havo learnt in that time more than many of our Wimmera blacks, who have, or ought to have, been four years at school. I must remind you here that every day's schooling amounts to about ono hour and a half or two hours in the forenoon for the men and boys, and the same in the after- noon for the women and girls. We cannot well give them moro at present, as the re- maining portion of the day is set apart to teach them industrial habits. What is surprising is, that the poor blacks, with all their bad at- tendance, and with all their want of applica- tion, have got as far as they havo. The greatest earthly benefit we can bestow on them is'education ; to clear up their minds, and thus enable them to reason for them- selves. Very little has been done to effect this, and that little has been tho work of a few individuals. In order to give the rising generation the full bonefit of education, the same must be made compulsory, both as re- gards black and half- caste children." A solo on the bagpipes has been given at a penny reading at Talbot ! "A young man, who is very respectably connected, and whoso name we purposely withhold, lest publicity should prejudice his chanco of reformation," says the Daylesford Mercury, " has afforded a sad example of the effects of an uncontrolled appetite for sti- mulants. Ho was charged at the Police Court with petty larceny, and committed to Castlemaine Gaol'for a month, in the hope that medical treatment in the prison hospital might restore him sufficiently to take care of himself. From tho evidence, it appeared that the prisoner entered, in the night and from tho street, the cellar of a well-known hotel here. Having thus found admission to the bar, he removed five bottles of brandy, and secicted them in a quartz shaft in icar of the Market reserve, no then re- turned and entered the bar once moro, pro ! bably with the object of obtaining a further supply of spirits, but tho temptation to in- dulgence proving irresistible, he drank so much brandy on the spot that ho was unable to leave the premises, and lying down on a sofa in the parlour was soon fast asleep. In the morning, the housemaid found tho ine- briate snoring still, and on giving him a shake to rouse him ho got up and ran out of the house. Nothing more was seen of him for two days, when he was discovered in the quaitz shaft almost dead, and tho brandy nearly consumed. Ho was removed to the hospital, and after a week's detention there under the doctor's .care was arrested for the theft. The unfortunate man presented a miserablo appearance in court, trembling in every limb, and looking prematurely old from the consequences of his debauch." The late news from Gympie has stopped the rush from South Australia. A number of miners who had reached Port Adelaide from Port Lincoln, on their way to Queensland, on Tuesday of lost week, and then heard the latest news, wisely resolved to save their money, and remained where they were. Mr. Superintendent Bookcy and Constable Felix O'Connor have metwith rathera serious accident while on their way down to Mel- bourne, between Wangaratta and Benalla. Mr. Bookcy received a sovcro shaking, and the constable had a fingor fractured, by the upsetting of the conveyance in which they were travelling. Subjoined is a letter published in tho South Atistraliaii Register, from a station-holder on the Murray to the manager ofïho boiling down establishment at Wentworth, showing the net proceeds of two flocks of sheep dis- posed of in different ways :-"LakeVictoria, Lower Murray, August 9, 1808,- Dear Sir,-I have received your letter of August 5, asking for information as to two flocks of fat sheep forwarded from this station in June last 2,020 wethers to thcAdelaido market, and 1,804 ewes to your boiling-down establishment. The two flocks, as far as I could judge, were in the same condition when they left the station ; of course, the wethers were much the largost and heaviestsheep. The wethers, aftertravollingsix weeks, were sold in tho Adelaido market at Os. Gd. per head. The charges on sale, losses and oxpenscs going to town, carno to Is. 3d. per head, leaving a net return of 5s. 3d. per head. The ewes were travolled threo days to your establishment, and yieldod 18.J11). of tallow per head, valued at 3^d. per lb. on the bank of the Murray, amounting to 5s. 4jd., skin at Is. Gd., makes Gs. lOJd. ; deduct Is. 7-¡d. for boiling and tanking, leaves a not re- turn of 5s. Sid., or a halfpenny moro than the wethers, which ought to have brought at least a shilling a head the most. You can make any use of this lettor that you liko, as I can give you all the details if requircd.-Yours truly, P. H. Gell. D. Grant Gosse, Esq." A hint may by taken bo the authorities in this colony from tho following circular, which has been addressed to the heads of the various departments of the Government of South Australia:-"Sir,-I am directed hy the bon. the Chief Secretary to draw your attention to circular of 13th March last, re- specting the issue of postage-stamps for use on public service, with an initial letter or initial letters printed thoreon, representing ' the name or title of the department,; and to' | request that you will issue stringent instruc* i tions to the officers in your department' j directing that such stamps are to be used on ¡public service only, and under no circum j stances are they to be affixed to letters of a , private nature.-(Signed) J. BOOTHBT, Under- secretary." "In the neighbourhood of Colac and the Warrion-hills," writes the Geelong- Advertiser, "the engrossing topic of conversation and consideration is exterminating the wild rab- bits. Dr. Stodart, who has just returned from his station, has furnished us with the following particulars of his experience: - A paddock of 300 acres contains 730 wombat holes, these he has had stopped with stone ; one-fifth of the rabbits have broken out again, and at the mouth of each escape-hole they have made a rabbit-trap is placed, seven dozen being required, and a man is employed in attending to them, visiting the traps night and morning, bringing home the heads. The number of animals thus destroyed has been, from 1st to 20th August, 759 rabbits, 43, kangaroo-rats, 20 bandicots, 13 native cats, and 13 opossums ; making a total of 947 head out of this one paddock alone. On 2,500 acres of the Corrunnum estate it is estimated that thero are 9,000 wombat holes, so that our readers can form some idea of the amount of labour that has to be performed, and the expense incurred in destroying them. One small paddock of 150 acres Dr. Stodart has let by contract to three men at 1s. 6d. per hole. It contains 1,780 wombat holes ; and as stone for filling them up was difficult to procure, he suggested the use of wood and brush as a substitute, and this has answered better than anything yet, as out of 500 holes stopped, only four had been re-opened, and the rabbits that had worked their way through had died from exhaus- tion." A new copper mine, believed to be of value, has been discovered in' South Australia, be- tween Goolwa and the Finniss, i An extensive robbory is thus reported by the Ballarat Star:-"The house of Messrs. Rowlands and LcAvis, Lyons-street, was bur- glariously entered on Sunday night last, and property to the extent of over £200 stolen. Mr. Lewis was absent in Clunes at the time, ' and it would appear that the «parlour window of the house AVOS raised, and access obtained to Mr. Lewis's bedroom, Avhero there was a small box containing jewellery, valued at £200, and which, with some articles of Avearing apparel, Avas carried aAvay. No alarm was created, and the burglar Avould seem to have knoAvn something of tho internal arrange- ments of the house. It may also bo men- tioned as singular that a quantity of plate, which Avas lying exposed in the parlour, and some valuable diamond rings, which Avere lying on the dressing-table in Mr. Lewis's bedroom, Avere not touched. The articles of clothing taken were found lying near the Redan-bridge on the following morning, but the other property has no1; been traced." The fiist snipe of the season wero received in Geelong yesterday from Camperdown. A fair for the sale of cattlo, horses, sheep, and farmeis' produce was held at the Leigh road yesterday, but as on a preA'ious occasion in May lost, the thing proved a failure. The Aveathor Avas very unfavourable,- which ac- counted for the absence of many. An opinion AVOS neely expressed that a fair once a year would be sufficient. Thero Avere not more than a hundred persons on the ground. The cattlo Avere in very poor condition, as well as the few horses and pigs exhibited, and the consequence was that foAV felt inclined to buy. Tho holders wero disheartened, and by four o'clock had cleared their stocks off the ground, Avhen the rain poured in torrents, and the place Avas speedily deserted. Tho performance last evening at the Theatre Royal Avas for tho benefit of Mr. W. M. Akhurst, the author of the very successful burlesque " The Siege of Troy," which was played for the eighty-second time. The first piece Avas tho capital comedy of "Milky White," in which Mr. Coppin gave his admirable representation of the hero Avith his accustomed success. The attendance was pretty numerous, although doubtless lessened by the veiy unfavourable Aveather. Tho play of "Martial, the Adventurer" was repeated last evening at the Duke of Edin- burgh Theatre, followed by the farce of "Romance Under Difficulties." At the Princess's Theatre, also, the performance was a repetition of that Avhich has kept posses- sion of the boards during the Aveek, the bur- lesque of "The Invisible Prince" being the principal item in the programme. At both theatres the attendance was scanty. Madame Anna Bishop gaA'C ono of her concerts at the Town-hall, Prahran, lost evening. The programme, like those of tho conceits she gave in this city "a short timo ago, was a varied one, and ombraced music of a high class, as AVOII as songs of a moro popular character. Among the pieces Avero several which Madame Bishop has rendered such pleasant memories to tho lovers of music here, such as "Home, Sweet Homo" and "Oftin the Stilly Night;" and among tho songs sung by Mr. Lascelles Avore two of his best, "Robin Ruff" and "Margaretta." The first illustrates tho merits and defects of his voice in a marked degree, but in tho second tho really charming qualities of his upper scalo appear to groat advantage. Owing, doubtless, to the inclement state of the Avea- ther, the audience AVOS rather limited. Woodroffe's troupe of glassblowers con- tinue to attract a numerous attendance nightly at their interesting entertainment. The dexterity exhibited in the manufacture of the curious at tides produced is viewed Avith gi cat interest by old and young, and tho distribution of prizes is also productive of some little excitement amongst the visitors, Last evening the modo adoptod for tho aAvnrd of the chief prize AVOS to give it to the hand, sorccst man present, as solccted by a com- mittee appointed for the purpose. Disap- pointed aspirants to tho prize havo this evening a second opportunity alloAvod them, Avhen the prize Avili be given to the ugliest. The Rev. A. M. Henderson re-dclivorcd his lecture on " Nature and Man " at the Lonnox strect Lecture-hall lost evening. In the ab- sence of tho non. J. G. Francis, tho Rov. Mr. Fletcher xjresided. The attendance was not numerous. At the conclusion of the dis- course, a voto of thanks Avas accorded to the lecturer. Tho proceeds of tho entertainment will be appropriated for tho benefit of the Burnley-street Concregational Church. The NeAV United "Methodist Free Church at Rushwoi th Avas opened on Sunday last, whon sermons Avere preached by tho Rov. 'J. Walker, of Melbourne. On Monday ovening a tea meeting Avas held, Avhich was AVOII at- tended. A public meeting followed, Avhich was of an interesting character. Addresses Avere delivered by tho Revs. J. Walker, J. Truscott, and G. Stewart (Episcopalian). On Tuesday night tho Rev. J. Walker de liA'ored a lecture on " A Remarkable Woman, or the Mother of the Wesleys," whon tho at- tendance Avas again good. The opening ser- vices upon the Avholo wcro a decided success. Tho building is of brick, is neat and com- fortable and will seat about 130 persons. Tho cost of the structure is £140, towards Avhich about £90 has been realised. On the 24th inst., twenty residents of South Yarra applied to tho Victoria Grand Division of tho Order of Sons of Temperance, for a charter to institute a subordinate division. The charter being granted, Brother Jones, P. G. W. P., assisted by brethren from various other divisions, proceeded, on Wed- nesday evening, to institute the division in the Baptist schoolroom, Chapel-street, South Yarra. The following brothrcn Avero in- stalled to offico for the first term :-Brother R. Kingston, W. P. ; Brother G. Hall, W.A. ; Brother C. Gallop, T. ; Brother J. M. Ashton, F. S. ; Brother W. Robertson, A. F. S. : Brother A. Gallop, R. S. ; Brother M. Walsh, C. ; Brother J. G. Clarko, A. C. ; Brother C, Gallop, sen., J.S. ; Brother E. Allchin, O.S. This society seeks through its national grand and subordinate divisions to join in ono com mon fraternal relationship the teetotallors ol tho world. It is making rapid progress in Vic torio and in New South Wale«, whilst i* Canada and the United States its members county not by tens, but by scores oí thou- sands. Tho order also embraces, on tot«! abstinence benefit principles, youths iron» eight to sixteen, called cadets of temperance, who are prohibited the uso of tobacco as well as intoxicating liquors ; also, daughters of temperance, who are becoming a powerful organisation. So, at least, says & corre- spondent. On Wednesday evening, at Christ Church, Eltham, the Rev. C. T. Perks delivered his lecture on "America and the Americans," before a largo and respectable audience. Mr. Perks apologised to the meeting for the disappointment he had occasioned a month ago by being prevented, through illness, from, attending ; and stated that, in spite of his multifarious engagements, ho behoved that that was tho first time during the last eighteen years in whichhohad failed to perform, his promise. At the conclusion of the meeting it was unanimously agreed, upon the sugges- tion of Mr. Page, that the proceeds of the next lecture should be appropriated for tho benefit of tho funds of Melbourne Hospital Tho anniversary of tho Northcote Wesleyan Church was celebrated by a tea mooting on Wednesday night. The Rev. J. S. Waugh presided, and about one hundred and fifty persons sat down to tea. The church and congregation, finding the presont commodious schoolroom, in which they have worshipped for the last fourteen years, inadequate t» meet tho'growing requirements of the locality, have purchased an eligible sito opposite, on which thoy havo resolved to erect a now church that shall be an ornament to tho dis- > trict. Tho Rovs. J. Dare and - Noalo spoke eloquently in favour of the resolution ¡ and subscriptions to the amount of £250 wero announced. The secretary of the Melbourne Hospital acknowledges a donation of framed pictures from Mrs. Phair, for tho female surgical waid. Similar donations will bo gladly received. ¡¿jThc following return bhows tho number of letters, packets, and nowspapers Tccoived at and despatched from Victoria, per Peninsular and Oriental Royal Mail steamships,. durinß the month of August, 1868 ¡-Received per Geelong-37,879 letters, 1,740 packets, 84,268 newspapers ; despatched per Bombay-36,461 letters, 505 packets, 40,074 newspapers. Total-74,340 letters, 2,245 packets, 124,340 > newspapers. ^^^^^^^^^^^ 