TELíoadparc MESSAGES. [FM)!! ODB OWN COBEESrONDENTS.] 8YD8EY. Friday i 7. 8cven hurdred (700) (otis of Californian breadstuffs hure anived to-diiy. Two thounnd (2000) diggora liore already loft Victoria fer Queensland, Twothousaid peoplo on their way to Queens- land from Vicbria ! That is big news. Tho rush is now coning in reality, and we may ho quito certain :his time that there are good golden groundsfor it. Tho Victorian diggers are not likely to bo tempted northwards uniosB on reliable info-mation from their mates, who have preceded them. Wo hipo the Govern- ment of thc eotintry will be equal to the emergency canssd by the arrival of all those people at Maryborough. Ifcre is an occasion to put the Government on their mettle, if they have any-which we doubt, eroept ono-tho Colonial Secretary. We expect him to rouBe up his sleeping partners, and put them to work. Or better, perhaps, let them sleep on this rush will be another grand argument if they wanted ono, to prorogue the Parliament to Christmas-or the Greek Calends. The diggers will take cara of themselves, and no groat difficulty need be apprehended, ns sup- plies arc plentiful, and the men now on the road aro not without " a hit of gold "int heir pouches. This immigration is a subject of con- gratulation. Gold is the best Immigration Agent Queensland has yat discovered. It beats Jordan hollow, and all his oratorial wonders pale their *' ineffectual fires " before tho " vile dross." Victoria loses, and Queensland gains by tho transaction. If the Parliament of Queensland were se filled with wisdom as it is with wind, tho colony would retain these two thousand men permanently, or at least the greater portion of them. Our climate has hitherto been held up by tho Southern press ns a bugbear, but that calumny hus been settled, and thc natural a'tracliinj of this beautiful country will not tail tocxertupjwerfulinfluonce on the classes now pouring in on us. Our gold- fields-both north end south of Rockhampton, will, wo hare no djubt, find remunerative employment for all reported to be coming, but if they should not prove permanently re* muncrative, what have the Government to offer those two thousand immigrants landing on our shores without a farthing cost to t5c colony to indnoe them to settle here. The Lind Act, if honestly worked, might effect much. Land, io the neighbourhood of gold-holds, should be pro- claimed as homesteads reserves, and a new set of gold-field regulations should be prepared without delay. In the presence of an advantage which will beneficially affect the whole colony, we feel inclined to put our own special share of it in the background. Tho Maryborough dis- trict will feel thc first of the rush, but we expect that a great many will push further north, and that our owu gold-Holds will feel the shock of thc invaders from Victoria. We shull bo glud to sec their faces, and hope they will find no necessity to return to Vi dria, aad that they will settle down in Queeii;:^¡d, und add to her wealth and greatness. Tim Doctor inachiue finished crushing twenty two tons of ITalligan's stone from the Three mile on Thursday. The yield amounted to fourteen ounces fourteen pennyweights. On the same day the washing up in connection with two tons seventeen hundredweight from M'Donaid's claim, on the Moonlight, took place. The pro- duct was four ounceB for pennyweights. Tho crushing of GTaBcli's stone is not yet completed, and the machine is also engaged on forty-five tons from two claims on the Sector Reef. THE Gold Commissioner started for Crocodile Creek yesterday, for the purpoBO of laying off three new reefs. A. 6SAEE over six feet in length was killed about dusk, yesterday, near Deuis* Hotel, Durby-stroet. Two young men - named M'Millan and Gordon, observing a bag dropped by a passing dray lying in the road, went tnwardsj't. M'Millau caught hold of the bag to remove it from the etreot, when a snake iasued from the mouth of the bag. Iiis appearance acted as a startler on the two mon, j but it was soon secured by M'Millan by tho tail, I and killed by battering its head on the ground. I YESTEBJMÏ Ur. Barnard was appointed by Mr. Wiseman aud Mr. Byerley, who occupied tlie Bench, Poundkcepor of the Sock hampton Found. The appointment is a good ono, and no ono can take exception to Mr. Barnard. But considerable dissatisfaction has boen expressed, and justly, at the my6to terious and hoky-poky manner in which this appointment has been made. Mr. Young, the late poundkeoper, who is, or expoctB to be, ap- pointed lo the pound on tho Dawson, tendered his resignation of tho Rockhampton pound to the Bench here on the 30th June, recommend- ing Mr. Barnard as his successor until the 1st of March, 18G9, when his tenure of office ex- pired. The Bench refused to accept the resig* nation, and took time to consider the matter. The noxt time we hear of it is on the 3rd of July, when Mr. Young applied to tho Bench that Mr. Barnard should be allowed to act as temporary keeper of the Rockhampton pound until the lidding of a Court of Petty Sessions fourteen days after. This application was granted. We must infer from this that Mr. Young's resignation was accepted that day, that tho office was vacant, and that Mr. Barnard was appointed temporarily. A special court of petty sessions was ordered, and et that court, held yesterday, Mr. Barnard, appointed tempo- rarily to act, put in an application for the office for twelro months, and thors being no other application, was appointed poundkeeper for a year. We are curious to know why Mr. Young's first application that Mr. Barnard should be nominated to act until the 1st of March noxt, was not granted. The Bench wore bound not to exceed twelrc months, but they could, if they pleased, appoint for any less number. Had they done so, the very fact would hare heou in itself a sufficient notification to the public that thc office would be vacant on the 1st of March next. Instead of this a special court of petty sessions is ordered to be held fourteen days after, in ordor, we suppose, that a poundkeeper should, in terms of the Act, be''duly appointed." The justices had a per- fect right to appoint a person temporarily, and to hold a court at the time they did-yesterday, but still there is room for complaint in the fact that thero -was no public notiGcation of there being a vacancy given either from the Bench or in either of the papers. The Act does not make it compulsory lo notify the fact io the papers by advertisement, but, as in the case of monthly licensing meetings means could have been found to give some intimation through the Press of a matter of some importance to the public and affecting their interests. This whole transaction lookB like a pleasant arrangement in which all parties concerned, except the public, were "on the square." Wo must say it has a suspicious lock, and smells strongly of a pound. TOE decision of the Bench on Thursday, in the caso of Cooper against Beattie caused con- siderable surprise. The Act for the Prevention of Cattle Stealing, is capable of being twnei j ( into un instrument of vengeance against com- paratively innocent persons, instead of beim;, os it was intended by tho Legislature, a wholesome though severe check on a criminally disposed class. There sro numerous gradations in thc crime of " using " cattle, and the law has fixed tho penalty for tho highest form of this misde- meanor at £20, leaving the. lower forniB to bo punished at the discretion of the Bench, from the sum of £20 down, as we are informed, to the lowest sum that can be inflicted as a fine one farthing. The circumstances of the case will be found detailed in the Police report. They ara briefly, that Mr. Cowper, of Rookwood Station, loBt six bullocks some time before June last. Botwoon tho 8th »nd 10th of June, he heard they wero at Mr. John Beanie's, at Oainford. On sonding for them, he got two, and subsequently the roBt were delivered up to him. The defendant admittol using four of the bnllocks whieh ho eent down to Rockhampton, haring heard they belonged to carriors on the road, aud ordered his men to deliver them up to the owners. Tte advertised the bullocks in the BULLETIN several times in June, and used all reasonable efforts to discorer thc owners. The Bench found the defendant, guilty of the " using," and so far we go along with the deci- sion. Tho Bench also etated their conviction that the defendant was not in the habit of using other people's cattle, and that had he known tbs cattle in question belonged to Mr. Cowper, lie would have roetored them. Tho penalty in- flicted waa £5 in each case, £6 5s. expenses, £L la. professional costs in each case, and Ht. 6d. easts of court, making a total of £19 18s. Now unless the Bench thought tho minimum fine that could be inflicted was £5, { this award will appear excessive and unjust. A fine of one shilling in each case would hare fully met the ends of justice. It certainly ap. pears magnanimous on thc part of Mr. Cowper to have returned the costs and his moiety of the fine to defendant, but he should never hare had the opportunity of doing so, and the casa j should never have oome into court. The defen- ] dani ia one of the oldest settlers in the district, and his character stands above any suspicion of any wilful transgression of the law. His ac- count bears on it the stamp of truth, and he acted as an honest man should, and as Mr. Cowper himself would bave acted under the circumstances. Ho uses alt reasonable diligence to discover the owner. He puts two of the bullocks in his paddock, and does not use them, and sends four of them down to Rockhampton to the owners, who were supposed to bo on the road. These were used as a matter of course, and it looks neithor like law nor justice to iu flict a penalty of £50 for this the mildest form of " using." If the law is to he interpreted without any regard to the circumstances of the case, ignoring all character and standing in tho colony, it may prove a fertile source of wrong and hardship. Whether there was any quarrel between the parties wo have not heard, but we think that a case between neighbours in the bush might have boen settled moro satisfactorily Umn by bringing lt before a Bench of Magistrates in Rockhampton. I « HAMLET'S GHOST " has flitted from Keppel Bay and will cast its shadow next at Bowen. Count Von Attem sailed on Thursday, having received, it is to be presumed, the charts which had been obtained from Captain Rundle. The vessel's cabin is splendidly fitted up. The pannellings are of grained maple mounted with gold mouldings, and a large pier glass fills up one end of the cabin. She is about twelve tons burden, draws four feet of water, and, not counting the young Count, she is manned by a captain, a chief officer, three sailors, and has on board a cook, steward, and servant. Sha carries three swivel guns on deck, and there are also on board eleven rifles of the Snider, Minie, end Chassepot | make respectively, probably pepper castors for any attacking force of natives. The Ghost rose from the manes of the whaling vessel Prince of Denmark, wrecked on one of the islands in the Polynesian Group. WE chronicled, eome abort time ago, with pleasure, s narrow escape from drowning, by afr. Bourcicault. It gives us equal pleasure now to chronicle another escape from villainous saltpetre It appears that our learned friend^ who is always engaged in preparing charges, was engaged some day this week io loading a re- volver, and whilst ensuring the certainty of dis- charge by fitting one of the caps on the nipple, an explosion took place, whilst ¡ the muzzle of tito pistol was held partly ! towards hiB face. Ons account says a ball passed by his left eye grazing the skin. This is ! cont radicted by another account. It is, however, certain that the powder exploded in his face and caused, if not injury, considerable pain. We hope he will give us credit for sincerity when we express our satisfaction at his escape and that he received no serious injury. THE conjecture that the vessel, sighted on Mast Head Beef by the " Wave of Life" on the trip from Sydney to Bowen, on the 11th instant« was the brigatino, " Willing Lass," from this port, turnB out unfortunately to be well founded. Captain M'Neil and the crew reached town yesterday morning in a boat. The vessel arrived here a few weeks ago from Sydney with a general cargo, including the quartz crushing machinery for Mr. Williams. She left hero for Sydney on the 4th instant, with 30 tons of ballast on board, bound for Sydney. The following further particulars we gained from Captain M'Neil :-The " Willing Lass" was detained four days in the river through hauling windB ; she passed Cape Capricorn on Wednes- day tho 8th, and on Thursday morning made Mast Head Island ; the wind was light and variable, and the weather very thick. The roaster could make out the island, but in conse- quence of the thick mist was totally unable to judge of his distance from it. He endeavoured to ¡pass between the island and the reef, the latter lies about two miles to the B.W. of the island. About 10 45 a m. a heavy squall came, on but almost before the light sails were taken ia t became calm. It was about the top of higu water, and there was not any indication of shoal water within eight from the vessel. On the wind dying away the vessel lost steerage way, and tho tide oatching her brought her on to the reef ahont ll'SO a.m. On her striking an anchor was run out and the ballast trimmed forward,every effort was made to float he", but unsuccessfully. As the tide receded ehe settled on, took a list to starboard, and, in ten minutes from the time of striking, stove in her starboard bilge. On tho following day, Friday, she appeared very much strained, and there being every indication of bad weather setting tn, Captain M'Noil thought it advisable, for the safety of the crew, to leave the vessel and wait on tho island. The Captiin and crew, seven, all told, took the ship's boat, and with some provisions, articles of clothing, a few loose things from the deck, and some s lils, went to the island. On reaching tho iihnd they made tents of the sails and stopped there a week with the intention of saving as much as possible of the wreck. But the strong S.E. wind, which set in with heavy sean, the surf breaking a distance of half a mile round the isl ind, renderod an attempt to visit the wreck hazardous in the extreme. On Thursday morning last ths weather moderated slightly, end finding that hs could not reach the wreck, the Captain thought that he could best serve tho interest of his employers by making for Rockhampton. He started on that morning with the crew in the boat which, with its freight, carried barely the gunnel above water. The trip was a very risky one, tho seas were heavy, *rad before reaching Cape Capricorn the crew had little hope of escaping a swamp. They called at the Pilot Stafhn on Thursday, and arrived at the wharf here at 8 a.m. yesterday The " Willing Lass " is the property of Messrs M'Kinlay Brothers, merchants of Sydney and Brisbane, and was of 107 tons register. She was about fourteen years old, and during the last ten or twelve years has been in the inter- colonial trade. It is not yot known whether the vessel was insured or not. We understand that the wreck will be offered at auction to- day. TUE erection of paper-mills in Sydney and Melbourne is likely to give Bn impetus to the culliratiou of plants suitable for the manufac- ture of paper. We notioed some time ago the suitability of parts of banana plant for this purpose. There is another rival in the field now-tho New Zealand flax. Considerable at- tention it is stated has been directed in Auck- land to its export to Sydney and Melbourne for this purpose, and the official Gazette of the 20th of May contains statements to the effect that thc raw material can be supplied at a price to command tho markets. THE announcement of the arrival yesterday in Sydney of 700 tons of Californian flour, muBt spread consternation among the Rookhampton bakors. But there is a balm, for there is no longer any danger of the formation of a united joint stock unlimited roly-poly anti-dear-loaf company. Flour must go down, and the baker may prosper on moderate profits, especially if ho make tus loaf heavy one day and light another, six of one and half-dozon of the other-a most ingenious contrivance for pleasing customers. When the weights and measures are brought into use, we shill hear an end of those charges against the bakers. THEES ie a legal luminary in Rochampton, an attorney, whilom of a southern city, where his fame was not great though not hid under a bushel, and his- well, his pluck wss nat little. He has transferred all his talents and lights without the bushel to the Rockhampton Police Court, and bis exhibitions there are, if not brilliant, varied and amusing. If, as Horace says, you wich mo to grin, you must first grin yourself, and the learned gentleman, who doubt IOBS remembers the quotation, understands tho value of the advice. He is a perpetual broad grin. He thinks it law, sometimes wit, some- times eloquence, but its effect on the bench, on the public, even on his friends is the reverse of flattery to hie intellectual calibre. When this legal Joe Miller attempts to be facetious the effect on the audience is marvellous, and may be more easily imagined than described. We know of no more dreary work than that which our Police Magistrate haB to perform. Well paid for it you say. What ! to sit sometimes for a whole day and listen to the niaiserie» of a Rockhampton Polioe Court, the ignorance, rank, petulant and coarse pushed forward unblushingly in the presence of ripe scholarship and culti- vated intellect ! What money oan compensate for all the suffering connected with the office arising from this course alonep The public time is needlessly occupied by useless and irrelevant disquisitions and remarks on things and persons, remarks which, if made outside the Court, would he treated as impertinence j and chastised accordingly, but which within j the Court are allowed, under the influence of a 1 1 tos gentlemanly feeling on tlie part of tbs Bench to be flashed about «¡th impunity. It is time that Ur. Wiseman brought this offensive state of things to an end. Let him remember what Mr. Justice Lutwyche said lately of the attorneys of Queensland and maintain the dignity of his Court, whore there are some attorneys now «ho require to be put in their proper places and kept then. GEEAT hopes were at one time entertained that the new filter, invented by Dalilke, would prove the long looked-for means of purifying water of its impurities. Becent experiments io South Australia have, however, turned ont 1 unsatisfactorily. The patentee attributes the failure to sea irater being used. Mr Goyder, the Surveyor-General, is engaged now in experi- menting on brackish water to ascertain if the filter will sweeten this lind of water found io abundantly in the interior. It ie rather re- markable that this filter passed examination id Melbourne by the Boyal Society and was pro I nounced perfect. The pape» there jubilated over the discovery, but the Adelai.'e people were not content to accept the decision of the) Victorian sarans and have accordingly knocked Bahklo'a filter into a cocked hat Pure cold water is one of the greatest luxuries in thu colony, and any one who can turn out a filter I capable of freeing our brackish creek and doubtful lagoon water from all impurities, would be a publio benefactor. There are gnat diffi- culties in the way which science will, no doubt, ' yet overcome. Mere mechanical separation of I impure matter from the partióles of water ii not sufficient. Beyond this point most filters do not go. To produce by distillation or by chemical action pure water even from sea water is practi- cable, but the expense of production is so great I as to make this mode of filtering water useless for general purposes. WE take the following items from our files of the (hurter received last night. The new Victorian Ministry has been formed, and is as follows:-Mr. M'Culloch, Premier and Colonial Treasurer; Mr. Vale, Customs; Mr. Smith, Attorney- General; Mr. Casey, Minister for Justice ; Mr Grant, Lands; Mr. JODDS Bail ways; Mr. Sullivan, Mines ; Mr. G. O. Smith, Postmaster ; Mr. Frazer, Works, t Messrs. Higinbotbam and Francis have accepted portfolios without salaries. The South Australian quarter'«) revenue shows a decrease.-There is a great rush from Adelaide to Gympie.-His Excel- lency the Hon. M. C. O'Connell has receive by this mail, a letter from Major Blackall, stating that be purposed leav- ing England by the June mail via Suez. He may, therefore, be expected here about the 12th of August.-The Go- vernment intend introducing a bil! to give greater efficiency to the Supreme Court. The changes will involve a cost to tho colony of £800 or £1000 a-year. The Attorney-General was offered, and refused, the third judgeship. The Police Magistrates throughout the colony, are appointed Inspectors of Polynesian labourers. - Whelan bas been committed for trial for the assassi- nation of Mr. D'Arcy M'Goe. It is reported that evidence has been dis- covered which proves that the murder was planned by forty Fenians, that lots were cast as to who should execute the deed, and that the lot foll to Whelan. To detectives have testified to "over, hearing Whelan admit the murder of Mr. M'Gee to alleged accomplices in gaol. Mr. D'Arcy M'Geo was buried at Montreal on April 13, and 20,000 'persons joined tho funeral procession. The Canadian Parliament has adopted an address of indignation and of sympathy with the Queen at the attempted murder of the Duke of Edin- burgh. The House of Commons has passed a bill providing for the family of of the late Mr. M'Gee. In an address to his constituents, on the 9th, Dr. O'Dohortysays.in reference to Provincial Councils :-" One word gentlemen, before I conclude, concern- ing the Northern party, which, for the first time, made itself felt in the late session. They represent 20,000 odd of the population, a Bamber equal to »bout that of Brisbane and East Moreton, yet they were able, insignificant in number though they were, to monopolise tho greater portion of the session to them- selves. Compact and united, honestly performing their duty to their con- stituents, giving and taking from each other, these two or three gentlemen " ruled the roost." Their chief object is to obtain a repeal of the union be- tween north and south ; to modify the constitution of the colony, and assimilate it to that of Kew Zealand, having a central legislature for the entire colony, and a series of Provincial Councils for the several provinces into which they propose to divide it. Largely in favour, as I confess I am, of the federation principle as the highest type as it were of representative institutions, I think the proposal of the North or n members is worthy of eveiy consideration, and as a Southern member I shall, if in tlie Assembly, be prepared to meet them mora than half-way. Wo cannot govern the North from Brisbane with justice to it or credit to ourselves, and therefore it appears to me that the time has come when at least one complete Northern Provincial Council, the nudes of the future seat of Government of the Northern State, may be fairly couceded. I do hope that both northern and southern members will see their way clearly to mutual concession, that we may no longer see the ruinous policy of obstruction for party ends persisted in to the injury of every interest in the colony." 