MR. REYNOLDS AND THE VICTORIAN LAND ACT. Here is a.wofnl effect of the adjournment Mr. Reynolds, in default of anything better to io, has resumed his pen as a newspaper cor respondent We welcome him back to our columns in remembrance of the invigorating tartness with which he enlivened them in old tiir.es. It is a pleasure to see that his style has lost none of its early charms — that he still calls a spade a spade, and considers the whole human race to be out of temper but himself. We had forgotten about an article of ours on the Victorian Land Act, published a few days ago, and doubtless our readers had seen it well ad vanced on its road to oblivion when Mr. .Reynolds rushed in, insisting that it should be recalled— he had a few words to say to it. The new leader of the Opposition will be recognised in every line of the annexed epistle ; if not, there is his signature to it :— TO THE EDITOR. Sir— I nave to request that you will allow me space in your columns to coma some statements of yours relating to myself, which appeared in your leader on Monday last, when, referrinK to a few remarks made by me in my finance statement and in the debate on the land resolutions, you charge me with recitinjr 'newspaper extracts by the yard,' As I did not quote even a line from a newspaper the charge is simply uutrue. You say ' the slightest investigation will show that the comparison eiven is very imperfect : that the figures are in many cases incorrect; and that the inferences both expressed and suggested are unfair. Glaring contradictions can be detected on the face of the Ministerial arithmetic' You appear in that article to question my 'motives and you charge me with holding up the Ballarat Star as statistical authority — a paper I never recollect having seen, and certainly never held up to you or any other person as an authority or otherwise. JNo one eught to question your right to point out and animadvert upon any mistakes or errors of public men, and if I had confounded the year 1S67 with the jear 1868 when referring to Victorian statistics, I admit the propriety of your pointing it out. But I do not know that that simple error, if made, would justify so carping an article as that of Monday, or justify the charges made against me. Allow me to quote what I appear to have said :— 'The acreage under cultivation for wheat in Victoria in 1862 was 162,008, in 1S67 was 20S.586, making only 48.U00 acres increased; in 1S«8 there were 12,146 acres only more than 1S67, the total being 220,734 acres.' 'The land under cultivation in Victoria in 18*52 was 439,895 acres; in South Australia it was 494,511; in 1S6S in Victoria, according to the last return, the land under culti vation was 592,915 acres as against 8:0,731 acres in South Australia.' I certainly thought and pointed out that the comparison of acreage was important, as showing that whilst land was cheap in Victoria and the authorities there were trying to make it still cheaper, the Victorians were not keeping pace with us in extent of cutivation. Not having the Victorian statistics at hand I sought the information from a usually very trust worthy source. I find, however, on now being able to test the figures from the Victorian published statistics, that my information was slightly at fault, and to the following extent. That the land under wheat in Victoria for the year 18-31-2 wad 196.^22. and not 162(M-8, which properly belong to years 1862-3. And I assume that the entire amount of land under cultivation for the year 1867-8, taking your own authority, was 634.270 acres, and not 593.915, which properly belongs to the year 186(5-7. Admitting these corrections, it may fairly and truly be contended that my inferences, 'expressed or suggested,' were fair, as may be deduced from the following analysis of the respective five years' operations:— Land under wheat— Acres. Acres. In Victoria... l«5l-2 ... 19 J.922 1868-7 ... 2045S8 ? Increase 11,668 1862-3 ... 164068 18-J7-8 ... 220,734 r- . ? : — Increase 58,726 In S. Australia. 1S61-2 ... 310,638 1366-7 ... 457,628 ? ? Increase 146,992 1SS2-3 ... 320.160 lSti7-8 ... 550,456 — ? Increase 230.296 Total land under crop. Acres. ' Acres. In Victoria ... 1861-2 ...439.895 \-- 1866-7 ...592,915 ? Increase 153,020 1862-3 ... 465,430 1867-8 ...634,270 ? ? Increase 163.S40 In S. Australia...l861-2 ... 486,667 1866-7... 739,714 ? Increase 253,047 1862 3. .494.511 1867-8 ...810.734 ? Increase 316,223 During ux years ending last harvest Victoria had increased the area under crop 194,375, while South Australia increased the area by 324,067. You state that 1 gave 'oue-sided opinions;' ' paraded a one-sided view of facts;'' 'made no analysis whatever,' &c.; ; that ' as a Bimple matter of figures my comparison was overstrained.' Well, suppose we look at some of yours, and let anv rea sonable man say after examining the following whether you may be considered a competent authority on such matters. You say that in '? lStki the acreage under wheat in Victoria was 173,000; 1S67. 20S.U00; 1868, 220,080 —an increase of SO per cent in three years.' That is to say, that the difference between 178,030 and 220,000 is 80 per cent 'Glaring contradictions may be detected on the face of Ministerial arith metic,' but I do nut think that any arithmetic can match the editorial arithmetic if the above may be considered a fair specimen. If one may presume to express an opinion, it does appear that the percentage will not reach 25. Again, you assure us that during the same period South Australian acreage had increased from 4!0,0-J0 acres in 1866 to 550. 000 in 1868, being, yon sajr, 160.000 acres increase; whereas it is only 140,000 acres, and about 35 per cent, increase, and not, as you further state, 40 per cent After this wonderful arithmetical effort, you ask 'what is our vaunted South Australian progress ?' I answer it by saying that Victoria with its ' vaunted' Grant's Act. with a protective duty on its wheat, with a population four times that of South Australia, has not been able during the most favourable of periods to keep pace with South Australian cultivation. During the last three years Victoria had only increased ner wheat area by 42.000 acres, while South Australia had increased lers by 140.000 acres. During that same period Victoria had increased her entire cultivation by 104,074 acres, while South Australia had increased hers by 150,165 acres. I am Sir, &c;, T. EEYNOLDS. That is the sort of thing a man would write with an internal chuckle at the end of every sentence, and an inclination to attempt an Indian warwhoop when he had finished the address on the envelope. It is demolish ing — unmerciful — annfhii*{png — terrific. The enemy is blown into space as clean as you would blow the ink out of your pen. Mr. Reynolds has knocked us out of time— no doubtaboutit, and no concealing of it either — but we may have breath enough yet to make a dying confession. If, however, we were prematurely to give up the ghost it might make us laugh irreverently in our graves to remember the delightful egotism, of Mr. Reynolds' opening paragraph. He has ap propriated our criticism all to himself— statistics, newspaper extracts, inferences, and all. like Swift's Presbyterian Jack he so courts persecution that he has swallowed a dose of it which was intended for five men, most of whom have stronger stomachs than his own. Our article was directed against the Ayers Ministry, and their unfair treat ment of the Victorian Land Act. It speci fied more than one offender, and if Mr. Reynolds were to take the trouble to count he might find that Mr. Glyde's name occurs in it more frequently than his own. The passage which he has singled out as a gross misrepresentation of what he said— a i'_carping' calumny, .forsooth-^was not di rected at Mr. Reynolds in propria persona; and Mr. Reynolds cannot have so misun derstood it, for it explicitly refers to 'two ex-Ministers.' The ' newspaper extracts' may have been monopolized by Mr. Glyde; but his financial colleague did not at the time manifest any of the repudiating ten dency he has since developed. And if Mr. Reynolds will have verbal criticism he may be reminded that the blunder which these fl newspaper extracts' were called in to illustrate was distinctly and separately com mitted by both Ministers. Mr. Reynolds' confession in the above letter that his ' in formation was slightly at fault,' and his extenuating plea that it was second-hand, are more than we ever expected from him. He is not ashamed to admit that he uninten tionally misled the House, but he cannot brook the idea of having employed so vile a means of deception as ' newspaper extracts.' He had his information 'from a usually very trustworthy source,' in whose company we suppose he would rather be wrong than share the right with a hireling press. Moved by profound consideration for Mr. Reynolds's antipathy to editors, we hereby declare that he is not the ' ex-Minister' who 'recited newspaper extracts by the yard.' It was Mr. Glyde alone who condescended to that low form of hoodwinking. Mr. Reynolds is not one of those conyaon-place men who can be judged by plain prose. He needs the inspiration, of figures to raise him to the height of his genius. Though they confessedly got the better of bin in their second-hand »uw, he has since, by dint of original enquiry, j reduced them to order. The result is a I fulfilment of our friendly prediction that he : might have made a stronger cue out of them ; had he been more careful. The repetition of ! his ' few remarks' is, however, no answer to our comments on them. If it were, a repetition of the comments would be the only rejoinder it deserved, and in that we mean to gratify Mr. Reynolds to a limited extent. In his last paragraph he professes to have turned the tables upon us, and to have detected 'glaring contradictions on the face of the editorial arithmetic,' which make the vagaries of the Ministerial Cocker look like spots : upon the sun. The exposures which follow ] are so astounding that the public wQl wish to see the infatuated figures in their original connec tion. Here is the paragraph which Mr. Reynolds has so triumphantly picked to pieces:— 'In the season 18C2-3 there were, as Mr. Reynolds says, 162,000 acres under wheat, but in the season 1864^5 the area had diminished to 125,000 acres. This teas the point at tcAicA Mr. Grants Bill came into operation^ and what has been the tendency since! The area under wheat in 1866 was 178,000 acres ; in 1867, 208,000 acres; and in 1868, 220,000 acres— an increase of 80 per cent in three years. And what is our vaunted South Australian progress during the same period! In 1864-5 tee had under wheat 390,000 acres; in 1866, 410,000 acres; in 1867, 457,000 acres; and in 1868, 550,000 acres— increase during the three seasons, 160,000 acres, or40 per cent.' The italicised words indicate in each case the intended starting-point, of the compari son, namely, the season 1864-5, and not as Mr. Reynolds assumes, with the charitable object of representing us as idiots, 1865-6. By the way, how does Mr. Reynolds contrive to screw out three years between 1866 and 1868? It could not have been more dis tinctly indicated in our article that we wished to show what Grant's Act had done for wheat cultivation in Victoria. Mr. Rey nolds did not need to be told that that Act came into operation in 1865; or if he had required the information, he could hardly' have missed it in the foregoing paragraph. He might have ascertained also, without any abstruse calculation, that the last harvest was the third under Grant's Act. - In setting 1867-8 against 1864-5, we obtained the result of three years' increase ; but had we, as the wilful obliquity of- Mr. Reynolds would fain make us do, set 1866 against 1868, the result would have been but two years' increase. Patience to read three consecutive sentences together may be too much to ask of an ex-Treasurer during his first week out of office, but the capacity of .subtracting six from eight is not an extravagant expectation to entertain even in the cold shades of opposition. ...... .'-??. After quoting the paragraph, it may seem superfluous to explain how we arrived at the 80 per cent, in the one case with 40 per cent, in the other. Perhaps Mr. Reynolds has a weakness for getting entangled in prose, and prefers statistics 'neat' He has taken some trouble in tabulating his, own for our benefit, and we can hardly grudge to do as much for him. Annexed, therefore, is a table of the figures and percentages com piled from the above paragraph on the reading-made-easy principle : — ' ' Victoria. South Australia. 1835\. 1868. 1865. 1833. Acreage... ...125,000 220,000 390,000 550,000 Increase in - three years.. 95,000 160,000 Netpercentage 76 41 In the article which has so galled and mystified our great financier it was said, among other unpleasant things, that the Ayers Ministry had been 'hardly more successful as critics than as constructors.' Their Treasurer has given us posthumous evidence that the remark was far more true than we could have ventured to suspect. In future we shall be able to understand and sympathize with Mr. Reynolds's morbid antipathy to 'newspaper extracts.' Gold at Barossa. — On Saturday morning, October 3, the Hon. Commissioner of Crown Lands (Mr. Townsend) received the following telegram from Mr. W. T. Hipwell, a well known resident at Lyndoch : — 'Alluvial gold, water-worn and nuggetty, in considerable quantity, has been discovered to-day by Samuel Potter, John Springbett, and a small party, on Crown lands, about one mile north of the South Para River, about five miles from Gawler by the course of the river, and about five miles south-west from Lyndoch. I have seen about one ounce of the gold, and can vouch for the respectability of the men. The land is supposed to be open for sale. It is urgently requested that all land in the locality be withdrawn. We are informed that the locality is the same as that for which a claim was taken out ten days ago by a man named Job Harris, and judging from the information we have at present there appears good reason to be hopeful. All the land which was advertised for sale near the alleged discovery has been withdrawn. We understand that a Surveyor went from Adelaide a day or two ago with a view to the defining and taking out of a claim. Norton's Tube Wells.— From the pub lished proceedings of the Royal Artillery Institution we obtain full particulars relative to the tube wells which have been found so useful in Abyssinia, and which for the future are likely to be used in all military expedi tions. It appears that the tubes of which the well consists are about one and a quarter inch in internal and about two inches in ex ternal diameter. These tubes are screwed or jointed together when they are used, .and the first joint is 11 feet in length. It is pointed at the end which first enters the ground, and above the point to a distance of 2.J feet the tube is perforated with a number of little holes in six parallel rows. When a well is to be sunk a hole is made in the ground with a crowbar, and into this the pointed tube is inserted. It is then driven into the ground by means of a monkey, which falls upon an iron clamp firmly .screwed round the outside of the pipe. At a convenient height above the chimp are fixed a couple of pulleys, through each of which there is a rope connected with the monkey,' which is worked by two men. When the first, tube has been driven in sufficiently far another piece about six fget long \i jqinted on to it. Then the pulleys are clamped on to the fresh piece of pipe, and the driving is con tinued until a third piece is necessary, when the joining process is repeated. When water is reached a small pump weighing 24 lbs. is attached to the top joint, and the quality of the water is tested. It is stated that the weight of tubing for a 20 feet well is 56 lb., of the pump, 24 lbs., and of the store3, in cluding the monkey, 142 lbs. Five men are generally required to sink a well quickly, four (in two reliefs) for working the monkey, and a fifth to superintend, and, if necessary, to steady the monkey. When the pipes are required to be withdrawn one or two, methods can be adopted— either the position of clamp and monkey can be reversed, the latter striking upwards, or the pipes can be extracted by means of a chain and lever. The time occupied in procuring a supply of water depends upon local circumstances; but in moderately hard soil a depth of 20. feot may be sunk in about two hours. JownsB Creek Digoihg3.— We have been re quested to call the attention of the District Council or other parties concerned to the absence of guide boards on the toad from Echunga Township to Jupiter Creek. This is a source of great inconve nience to persons travelling to the diggings from Echunga, and it has been suggested that one of the numerous boards which point the way to Jupiter Creek from Adelaide might well be spared and placed on the Echunga line, bo as to remove the inconvenience now felt. IX3TITCTE LECTUBES.-It will be seen that Mr. J. Smith. Parliamentary Librarian of Victoria, is to deliver the first of a course of lectures on the 'Sea Kings of England,' at the Institute, on Friday evening next Mr. Smith is well-known as one of the leading literary men of Melbourne, and prior to hia appointment to the position be now occupies he was editor of Melbourne Jlunck. He is expected to reach Adelaide by the Coorong this week. The subject of his first lecture is ' Drake wdBlAkt,' The Mount Babkeb ELECTioN.-T.he Court of Disputed Returns sat for a short tim« on Saturday, ?rhen some further evidence was taken, and an idjoumment granted till Monday in consequence -f the absence of a witness who had been sub poenaed, and did not attend. The Court intimated ;hat they would issue a peremptory order requiring iira to do so on Monday next. The Post Auqcsta Kailwai.-Wc hear that there is a probability of this important work being arned out. Since the arrival of the last mail from England two offers on behalf of capitalists at home to enter upon the undertaking have been sent in to the Government. Telegraphic Aorncy.— We believe that Mr. F' *k M£y V,' who fot a lonK time assisted the ate Mr. W. H. Flood as telegraphic agont in Ade laide for the Argus and Sydney Morning herald, aas been appointed to represent those journals in this city. ?-....? Determined Attempt at Suicn)B.-On Satur. day morning about half-past 7 an attempt at suicide was made at the Clarence Hotel, King irilliam-street, by Mr. Alfred Smith, a surveyor in ;he Survey Office, and a member of the second j)arty sent to the Northern Territory. Mr. Smith ftrst cut hi3 throat with a small penknife, but for. tunately only inflicted a slight wound. He then rushed into the bedroom of a female servant named Emily foole, and asked her to save him 3he requested him to walk out of the room while she dressed. Ue complied, and after trying the icon of several other rooms found one apartment which was untenanted, find into this he went The girl seeing that something was wrong with him lost no time in following him, and contrived to catch hold of him by the end of his shut as he was nbout to throw himself from a window three stories high, facing the back part of the premises. 3he held him fast until relieved by the Messrs. Cornock and Mr. fl. Boord. After struggling with them for a few minutes Smith managed to get loose, and dropped from a height of 28} feet to the ground, dislocating his left hip. Dr. Phillips was at once sent for, and by his advice he was taken to the Hospital Here he was placed under the care of the House Surgeon; and on enquiry on Sunday evening we were informed by Dr. Bees that he was progressing favourably. The Volunteers.— The usual parade of the volunteer infantry was held on Saturday after noon. About 120 men were present; and they were exercised on the parade-ground for two hours and a half by Colonel Biggs, Iieut-Oolonel Mayo and Major Baker also being present Previous to the drill the monthly meeting of the officers took place at the Staff-Office. There was no busi ness of any particular moment to transact. A request of Madame Carandini's for the patronage of the officers and members of the force for one of her concerts was complied with, and an evening was fixed. Several of the officers called attention to the worn-out condition of many of the uniforms of their men, who presented a very seedy ap pearance, and expressed a hope that the matter would be attended to. The Almanda Silvkb Mink.— Mr. Ey has just returned from a visit to Melbourne, where he has been engaged on business connected with the Almanda Mine. He has ordered some machinery for the amalgamating processes at the mine, which it is expected will enable the proprietors not only to put through a larger quantity of ore per week, but also to conduct the process more economically than heretofore. If their expectations are realized as to the new plant a further supply will be at once ordered, so as to enable about 200 or 250 tons of ore to be dealt with every week. We may state, as throwing some light upon the prospects of our silver mining ventures, that the Mount Arnot Mine in Victoria is now being worked at a profit, although the yield of ore to the ton is only seven ounces. It should, however, be borne in mind that that is accomplished by means of very com plete machinery, under the direction of an ex perienced Californian mining captain. On Satur day a report gained currency that information had been received from Melbourne that an assay of Almanda silver had proved that there was gold in conjunction with it, and that the result would be considerably to enhance the price per ounce obtain able for it. The Victoria Eegia.— The announcement that the Victoria House would be open to the public, together with the fine weather, drew 7.147 persons to the Botanic Garden on Sunday afternoon. The Victoria liegia flower did not, however, open until after their departure. Thorough good order pre vailed notwithstanding the crowd, and Dr. Schom burgk must feel pleased at the satisfactory result of what has been a favourite idea of his own in order to gratify those who havenot the opportunity of visiting the Gardens during' the week with a sight of the Regia. The Theatre Royal— On Saturday cvoning there was a fair attendance in several parts of the theatre. The rainy weather no doubt deterred many who would have been present had the night been as fine a one as that of Friday; but the public will have a further opportunity of cratifvinc their taste for fine music, aud showing their apprecia tion of talent as these accomplished artistes have been engaged for another six nights, for which season tickets will be issued at reduced prices. On Saturday evening, notwithstanding that many of the pieces were those which had been given before, the audience were as much delighted as ever, and evinced their pleasure by enthusiastic plaudits and showers of bouquets. Miss Bosina Carandini was most effective in the air, 'Sweet Spirit, hear my prayer;'1 the beautiful ballad, 'I cannot mind my wheel. Mother;' and a vocal valse, 'Mabel'1 (Godfrey), being encored in the two first named; while Miss Fannie was most loudly applauded in the cayatina, 'Una voce,' from the opera of '11 Barbiere de Seviglia,' which she sung delightfully. Besides these the ever- favourite duet, 'Trust her not' had to be repeated as usual, as well as the brilliant duet, 'O'er the hill, o'er the dale,' by the Misses F. and 11. Carandini. Several fresh pieces are introduced into the programme for this evening. Aquatio SPOBT3.— On Saturday afternoon, October 3, a few aquatic sports took place at Ulenelg; being the first of a number to be held as the summer advances. Funds collected by sub scriptions enabled the gentlemen who had arranged for the sports to offer two prizes for the first day of the series. Mr. W. fiounsevell acted as Judge and Starter; Messrs. J. S. Price and G. D. Stone being prominently active in making the events aucceasf uL The weather in the early part of the afternoon was hot and sultry. A large attendance of citizens was looked for. The attendance, how ever, was not large, but amongst the spectators were many of the regular visitors to the Bay, as well as prominent inhabitants. A considerable number of ladies were present, and imparted an aspect of gaiety and animation to the Jetty. The first event on the programme was the Fishermen's Sailing-Boat Race. A prize of £3 was offered to the winning boat; the distance to be sailed being six miles. Thecondiiiions were that the competing boats should not exceed 21 feet over all. The following boats started :— Amy (J. Tosferin); Fairy (A. Martin); Comical Jack (J. Le Nephew). The course was traversed by the winning boat in five minutes under two hours. The race was won by Amy, for whose owner much interest and sym pathy was excited on account of his having but one arm. Fairy, which was very much behind at one time, improved greatly in speed as the race pro* ceeded, and came in second, 2} minutes after the winner. The concluding event was the Dingy 8ailing-boat Race. Apriza of £1 was offered to the winning boat; the coune b.eing four miles in length. Ths conditions were that the competing boats should not exceed 15 feet over all. The fol lowing boats started:— Morning Dawn (J. Hawkes); Ripple (BL Pennington); Seagull (O. D. Btone); Yam Yarra (G. S. Price). The race was won easily by Ripple. Time, two hours five minutes. The Weatheb and Crops,— The warm and congenial weather which has followed the recent splendid rains has had a most invigorating effect upon the crops. In the South they are looking magnificent, and those arouud Strathalbyn have a no less promising appearance ; so that the agricul turists have most sanguine anticipations of an abnndant return for their labour.— Southern Argus. Adelaide Police Court.— On Saturday, Octo ber 3. the only case before the. Court was one. of drunkenness, in which the lowest penalty was in flicted. Railway Traffic).— The traffic on the South Australian railways for the week ended September 19 was:— Port Line: Passengers, 5,197; fares £216 13s. 4d.; goods, £171 12s. 8d. North Line: Passengers, ],690; fares, j£360 5s. Gd.; goods, jE62619s.l0d. Total, £1,375 11s. 4i 'THKPBisrmvE Methodist Record.'— Since our notice of various denominational periodicals we have received No. 8 of the Primitive Methodist Record (new series), edited by the Rev. J. a. Wright. It is neatly got up. and in addition to a large number of circuit plans and a goodly amount of connexional intelligence— the reception of the Rev. J. Goodwin taking a foremost.place— there is also an article on 'The Atonement,' 'A Tempe rance Dialogue,' and some excellent extract matter. Sound Plants from Rustt Seed Wheat.— Mr. J. B. Talbot, of Peachey Belt, Secretary to the Smith. field Farmers' Club, brought to our office on Satur day morning, October 3, a bundle of wheat plants, the produce of rusty seed sowg in May last. We understand the seed, which was the smallest and rustiest that could fie procured, waj sown as an experiment for the purpose of testing Mr. Secular's theory as to the cause of the rust disease, of which doctrine Mr. Talbot js, we understand, a stanch supporter. The plant is strong and healthy, and shows no trace of rust, and it is looked upon by him as a confirmation of the theory of red rust being caused by an excess of nutrition. River News. — Our Blauchetown letter, dated September 30, says :— Since my last the steamers Wentworth. Duke of Edinburgh. Queen, Vista, Providence, and Ariel have gone up loaded with station stores, &c.; The arrivals from the upper rivers have been the Prince Alfred, Moolgewanko, and Jolly Miller. The former with 131 ba!e3wool —brand, 0 & W, W in circle, Thurk, and Paringa. The others in ballast. Total number of bales wool brought down in September, 432. Reports from the upper rivers are very unfavourable as to the chances of there being water enough to bring down all the wooL The Jolly Miller, from the Murrum bidgee, report! that nearly all the wool from EiveriM will betaken to Echuca, 