HIGH-FLOWN SENTIMENT. If you leave Citydou on the south western side, and pursue the road which passes through Ruffington beyond that village, you will find very good travelling whether you ride or drive. In the former case, you will have a capital broad margin of turf on either side to canter along; in the latter, you will rejoice that you are 'i ' not a pre-^iiac; Adamite, ana wonder, I .. perhaps, at the smooth, even, rutless, tidy j/i condition of the highway, along which I coaches no longer rolL An occasional ex l perience of the method by which this re ?; pair is maintained, may raise your mind 5 to gratitude that so little of it is neces ; sary. The authorities of the different parishes employ men who apparently are : specially trained to split flints into knives, spear-heads, and arrow-tips, far sharper in the edges than those works of art which are found in the drift; and it is the busi ness of inferior laborers to place these : loosely, with the points uppermost, where ' ever they find an indentation. Horses ; are seldom lamed, however, in the day ? time by this ingenious device, for there is ' : nothing to distract the slight attention re I quired for the avoidance of the snare, un . less you take an unusual interest in your fellow-creatures' turnips; for the country ; is so flat that it depresses the spirits to it* own level, and so highly cultivated, that to ; gaze on it is like reading a copybook. A [ crooked furrow is a relief. Patriotic na | lives boast, indeed, of the beaut}' of their |- sunsets; but even the copybook is bril ls liant for several seconds, if converted into I squib-cases. { If the road would only twist about a jr. bit, it would be a relief, but it is so dis | tressingly straight! Never mind; push on |. at a smart trot for a couple of hours, and |: you will come to a bill; not a steep one, '! truly, but more than a mile long, and with |, quite enough rise in it to stop a runaway T, horse. Indeed, you will find it desirable '£ to walk your animal eight hundred yards j'1 from the top. Natives get out of their s vehicles, and walk themselves, panting. ; They think it a mountain. j.;, On reaching the top, a new country \« cheers the eyes — aland of woods and ir y regular meadows, watered by a meander I ing stream. A nobleman's park lies on | the left, with the Elizabethan mansion, I' a lake, and swans appearing at intervals I through the trees; while down below, in a : veritable valley, nestles the town of Crocus 'f Ordley. Crocus Ordley promises well from a distance. A church with so beau tiful a spire ought to belong to a place of some importance; and the inhabitants of j certain comfortable-looking houses in the I suburbs, surrounded by extensive grounds I with glass-houses glittering in the sun, I should be folks with money to spend, ] grapes — peruaps pines — to eac, sons ana daughters ready for anything, from cro quet to 'private theatricals. Alas for the deceitfulness of appear ances ! The streets of Crocus Ordley are as gloomy as stage thoroughfares in the daytime; the most exciting pleasures in- j dnlged in by the inhabitants are penny readings or geological lectures in the schoolroom; the chops are flyblown; the j Ogn of the principal inn has not been] painted in Hug generation: and the rich! routs who indulge in the pines are all QnafcenL Altogether the cheerful reader is tut advised to go near the place in the flesh unless he is an aristocrat^ and re ceives 'an invitation jto day with Lord Ordley, ffee owner of that park, Eliza- j baton mansion, Ac, mentioned above. That woBld. m a. very different «'f*h»r for j they are gar at the Hall; and whan ticl jwawrf lord tame of age, he erao «t-j tempted to infuse a little life into the town folks. But it was only a flash iu the pan — the ignition of a dajnji squib. At that period, Tiny Reynolds vr;is staying with her aunt Sarah, who lived iu a bright-red house, with door- steps and bell-handles of more tliau Dutch bril liancy, in the centre of the principal street of Crocus Ordley. Had it not been for the presence of that charming giri, I should not have dared take the cheerful reader to such a drab-souled place, even in ima gination. But no apology is due under the circumstances : ' Eden is where Eve is.' Miss Sarah Reynolds lived in that red brick building in that dull country town because her father, the lawyer, had resided there before her. She had kept house for him for the last teu years of his life; he had let it to her ou his decease, and she had continued to keep it It was a great deal too large for her, and she might have 1 let it to advantage; but she was used to it, and preferred remaining there, aud shut ting most of the rooms up, keeping it as a sort of ghost preserve. She was a good old Tory, aud hated change like a cat That she had lived a dozen }-ears in one place was quite reason enough for her that she ought to live there a dozen more, and an other dozen after that, if Death, the vulgar democrat, would let her. She was rather out of place there; a lady, and not a Quakeress. Quakeress, forsooth '. She was as good a churchwoinan as she was Ton': and saved the clergyman a curate, she took such a quantity of parish-work off his hands. A little before uoou, one bright June day, this lady and her niece were sitting with their work under a shady chesuut tree iu the capital garden which lay at the back of the house. It is the custom, somehow, to associate feminine severity with a tall figure, a straight backbone, and general spareness, combined with promi nent features; while we expect a short stout litttle woman, whose face is of the dolly character, to be debonnairt and easy. But Miss Sarah Reynolds was squat and prim. Her form was analagous to a bolster tied in the middle; but she managed to carry it with an air of virgin severity; her uose bore no proportion to the cheeks which hid it in profile, yet a front view shewed it in constant readiness to turn up at human weakness. There would have been a difficulty about getting a crown piece between her lips, though she lent her aid to the experiment; and she kept them compressed as firmly as though she were in momentary expectation of some one trying it by force. In short, she was like a loaf of bread, both crusty and crumby. Never was there such a triumph of mind over matter. Her niece, Tiney Reynolds, was the — no, superlatives are absurd in fiction; in sober fact, she was not prettier than the dozens of the English girls one meets with . in every place in England, but she was as - quire more than that, you had better take a dose of opium, and evolve a .beauty out of your own brain : I do not know any other way of satisfying you. Her parents and sponsors had been so ill advised as to have her christened Clementina, and as, of course, it was impossible to address a child in so many syllables, had been puz zled afterwards what to call her. Clem was too much like clammy; Tina sug gested the mild form of scarlet fever; and so they finally fixed upon Tiney, which sounded rather pretty for some years, but was a singularly inappropriate name for a well-developed young lady of five feet eight She was leaning back in a low chair, listlessly engaged upon a piece of plain work, and by no moans looking her best ; for there was a cloud upon her brow, and a dissatisfaction about her pretty mouth on that particular morning; and though infatuated boys may sometimes think a pout becoming, mature men, especially if they are married, know better. Aunt Sarah sat bolt upright on the edge of a knotty garden-seat, working solemnly at a sackcloth, pinafore, and glancing every now and again over her spectacles at the silent beauty, three yards in front of her, with a rather puzzled ex pression. When she had paid her a visit before, some ten or twelve years previ ously, and had not appeared to be enjoy ing herself, she had taken her to a private room and administered a slapping. But that was out of the question now; and any such attempt now would have resulted in combat, and any would have laid odds on the young one. But Aunt Sarah could not leave the girl to come round naturally: that was not in her politics. ' I am afraid that you do not like that plain work, Tiney,' she naggled. ' O, yes; xt does as well as any other,' replied the niece. A pause. ' Would you like me to read to you ? ' pursued the hospitable aunt, charging in a fresh direction. ' I have got a beautiful book in the house — The Life and Letten of the late Bishop ofChupaitie.' M If you like,' replied Tiney, with a yawn. ' One needn't listen.' A very deep carnation spread over Aunt Sarah's face, and she blew now and then, as if she were letting off steam. It was a good ten minutes before she spoke again. ' Are yon ill!' «N-o.' 'Perhaps you have an headache, and would like down I ' A lady who is cross never owns that she is free from headache; so Tiney only re marked, ' It is so hot But this place is cooler than my room.' Another period of silence. ' What is the matter with you, Tiney i Whv are you so disagreeable ? ' I 'Am I ? Oh ! I suppose then, that it is I my nature. But you cannot expect pri I soners to be always laughing and rattling j their chains % ' ' People who are transported will feel [ low at times. Exiles pine, you know. If you whistle the Itanz da Vac/ia to a Swiss gold-digger in Australia, he commits suicide. Is not that the story ! ' ' If I pierce through the obscurity of your words sufficiently to understand your maaninir xrnti innntiaro a mmnlaint -V I undue restriction,' said Aunt Sarah. I ' This surprises and pains me; for I have I endeavored to make your visit to me as [ pleasant as I can. This is the third day I from your arrival, and hitherto I have been eminently unsuccessful' ' What is Hie good of talking like that, aunt! As if I did not know that you were in the plot' I 'Plot! Undutiful girl: I know of no ]-lot. Yiiur father intimated to me, through thu puit, tb.it hi* lmsine-* as a civil engineer would m-iv.-'ii.itt ;m iiiiuie diiite voyage to Canada, and requested ine to receive you iuto my house during the period of his unavoidable absence.'' And watch me. and spy upon me, and prevent me posting letters, vliich you can't — I defy van; or receiving letters. which you cau — worse luck.' ' Ill-regulated girl; it is. not decent for a young lady to carry on a clandestine correspondence.' ' And why am I to be buried in this hole J' Why could I not go to Fanny, as usual, when papa is called away i I might have stopped comfortably in London with her till she went to Scarborough: and I like Scarborough.' ' Whatever you may think, it is rude and improper to call my residence a hole, and I fear that there arc reasons only too cogent why London is no fit place for you to be left in; -nhiie your papa knows well that your sister Fanny would not contra dict or exercise the slightest supervision over you, even if her time aud attention were not so much taken up with her young j family. Indeed, it is much to be feared '? that she would connive at your disobe dience.' ' Aud so he came to you, aud you con sented at once to destroy my happiness, and make me miserable for life : And i then you expect me to thank you, and make-believe to love you for it : '' ' Not so,' said Aunt Sarah. ' I should like to see you more obedient aud filial; but hypocrisy is a vice which is eveT de testable ! ' This last seuteuce of her auut's set Tiney thinking. Perhaps a little hypo crisy might pay. Her powers of wheed ling were considerable, and bad been inva riably successful; for though her father proved stubborn on this present occasion. it was almost, the first time that she had failed in moulding him. to her wiL Aunt Sarah was composed of stiff clay but she might, perhaps, become plastic w.th scien tific kneading. ' Well, aunt,' she said presoitly, ' I am very wrong to be cross witl you, for it is no fault of yours. But -apa is so cross and unreasonable, and I :m so very unhappy : ' ' Uuhappiuess is the uecessay concomi tant of disobedience to parent,' enunci ated Aunt Sarah, as if she weie setting a copy in U to the National Sclool ' Yes, aunt dear,' replied Tiuey, ' I know we should be dutiful, )ecause it is so stated in the Catechism: bit there must be some point at which we nay stop, and think of our own interests I am sure that you, who are so strong-minded aud sensible, can never think tfet we women should be slaves either to mr fathers or our husbands. Papa was tie first to ask him to the house and encouage Mm,* and quarrelled with him, for nj fault of his, but because he was disappointed and angry with his father.' 'Him. f ' observed Aunt Sarah, with a look in which ruffled modesfy was blended with curiosity. And her niece told her love story. Miss Tiney was liot deficient in love for her father, neither was shs naturally un dutiful; but having lost her mother when very young, and having been allowed her own way ever since, she was certainly somewhat headstrong and impatient of control. But doubtless she had been treated in a way which would have ex cited a far milder spirit to rebellion. Mr. Reynolds had an old friend in the same profession as himself, named Stoisr. Mr. Storer had a clever son, who insisted upon going into the army; his father, who was anxious to have him for a partner, re fused to buy him a commission. Herry Storer (the younger) went in, therefore,to the examination for direct commissiois, and did so well that they made him in engineer after all, only a military instead of a civil one. To struggle with hills and rivers, was in the Storer breed. Mr. Heynolds touk a fancy to the young officer of engineers, and asked him to bis house whenever they were both in town; and when Henry Storer extended his friendship from the father to the daughter, the former seemed pleased, and never hesitated to leave the young folks together. There had not been any positive ar rangement for marriage; but matters were pretty well understood between them ? uiai is, nenry otorer Knew tiiat if he asked, and Tiney said No, she must be au arrant coquette; and Tiney knew that if Henry did not ask, his behaviour would be shameful Matters being in this harmonious condi tion, the demon attached to the hum^huM of the goddess of Discord, whose particular province it is to see that the course of true love should not run smooth (a gentleman, by the by, to whom, in the name of all story-tellers, past, present, and to come, wp. beg to tender our most hearty thanks), threw one of his apples between the two fathers, and they accordingly quarrelled. A slight allusion to the cause of quarrel will be sufficient. It was about a railway, which Mr. lleynolds had been the first to suggest to a well known capitalist, and the construction of which was intrusted to Mr. Storer. A foolish affair, arising out of a misunderstanding, which might have been explained in five minutes' calm conversa- j tion. But, unfortunately, Mr. Heynolds had a very explosive temper, aud Mr. Storer was proud and impatient, and they happened to meet while the former was smarting under the first sense of injury, which caused him to demaud an explana tion in a tone which prevented the other from giving it, though it had been five minutes before on the tip of his tongue. Ana so tney came to uigb words, and were very uncivil engineers to one another ; and when Mr. Reynolds came home, he forbade his daughter Tiney ever to speak to Heory Storer again, I ' Why J' said she. | 'Because I would sooner see you in your grave than married to the son of that scoundrel,' he replied. Tiney tried coaxing ; for the first time without effect Then she pouted, but he remained firm. Lastly, she rebelled, which was injudicious, as it put her father on his guard, and caused him to place her safely with Aunt &rah; before starting for Canada. Such a separation would have softened an ordinary father and daughter who were fond of each other, but it was nothing to these — they were nsod to it. Mr. Key uolds was perpetually rushing off to bring a wemd, a mountain, or a river in'.1 siil'jec ti'ii in smiu' di-!;i!it qiurtcr of the {ilnl'i1. and Tiuev had s;r.-«n to r^:i:d sue!] ab scuci--. li'iin-Ii ;..- -/k- f.uuuy --! a r;iiiiv.iy uuarii do his daily j.umieys to ?-n& from some far-off English town. The above is the substance of what Tiney told .it much greater length ; aud tben she burst out crying. ' If your version of this unhappy affair be correct,' said Aunt Sarah, in a soothing tune, which she employed when children iu the infant school fell aiid hurt themselves, ; -'all will come right in time. Your papa : has a hasty temper, but it is not iu his na i ture to harbour resentment for any pro ; traded period.' j ' But, by the time he comes back, | Hen ? Captain Storer may have gone i anywhere, or have married some one else ! j ' My dear ? This excess of feeling about a gentleman who is not related to you, is positively indelicate.' ' I can't help it, aunt. I'll never marry any one else ?'' ' Well : and a life of celibacy is the happiest.' Miss Tiney could not help thinking : ' How do you know ?' but she did not utter any such rude and impolitic words. She was not naturally of a melancholy temperament, and the shower of tears had cleared her atmosphere. So she set to work to see how much cheerfulness could be gut uut of ber duenna. It was some thing like extracting sunbeams iroin a cucumber, but happily there was a topic in Crocus Ordley just theu, and they discussed I that. Au important topic ; this was Tues day, aud ou the Thursday, Lord Ordley graciously iutended to come of age. There were to be grand doings at the Hall ou the occasion, the most promising entertainment being a balloon. Nut a fire toy, but a real cloud ship, which was in the habit of taking scientific men and scientific instruments to appalling altitudes. The former were sometimes smashed, the latter invariably. This balloon was to be filled in the morning, and fastened to the earth by a rope, si) that all who chose might make partial ascents, like cruel boys having rides on a donkey tethered by the leg. But iu the evening it was to be let louse, aud au experienced aeronaut was to sail off in it. The oldest inhabitant had never seen a balbon. The younger inhabitants had never seen Miss Sarah Keyuulds iu a new bonnet, which was to be another feature in the fete, and it was one which proved a far more fruitful subject for discussion between the aunt and niece than any other. Let their conversation start from what point it liked, it always came back to that The subject came home that afternoon, and not being quite peifect yet, was sent back for some trifiiug alteration, with a message thatJMiss Reynolds would try it on finally at the shop next day. So, after their early dinner on Wednesday, aunt and niece repaired to the milliner's in George Street, when the latter declared that the vinnet. vffas OR npsr An anfirrau'.h tj\ a wnrt of art as yuu could get out of London, and the former gradually acquiesced. ' I only fear lest it shuuld be too youth ful for me,' said Auut Sarah, as they walked under the hot sun up the hotter pavement ' Not a bit, aunt,' replied Tiney ; ' be cause you are uot a baby, it is no reason why you should be a g' ? She was on the point of saying ' a guy,' but the word was arrested ou her lips by the apppearauce of a young man dressed in a straw-hat aud bwwu hollaud coat, who stood suddenly before them in the other wise deserted street 'Allow me, madam, to present you with a programme of the amusements tomor row,' said he suiting the action to the word, ' Thank you,' said Aunt Sarah, accept ing it. ' And may I offer one to you V Tiuey could uot trust, herself to speak in reply ; but she bowed, aud took the printed paper, once folded, aud in which she knew right well there would be a letter, as, of course, there was. She was very silent, and slightly absent during the sub sequent walk home ; aud wheu they got there, Bhe complained of headache from the heat, and proposed lying down till tea ; and she certainly locked the door of her room, which, looked like napping ; but ap pearances are deceitful, youug ladies also. The young man in straw-hat and brown holland coat was Henry Storer, and the note ran uius : ' uouie, it possible, lo tne fete iu Lord Ordley's park, and try to make oue of the ' partial balloon ascents' when there is no one in the car but the man who is iu charge of it. The owner of the bal loon is my friend, aud I shall be that man. It is of the utmost importance that I should speak to you alone,' There was neither uame nor initials at the begiuuing or end — nothing to compro mise, in case of accident, aud yet all clear. Auut Sarah was astonished at her niece's high spirits that evening and on the fol lowing morning. It seemed surprising to her that a girl who lived a good deal in London, aud was used to gaiety, should be so much excited by the prospect of a country merry-making. Lord Ordley's twenty-first birthday dawned bright and clear, and though clouds gathered over the suu at mid-day, they remained very high, aud there was no ex pectation of rain. It was the hottest day of a hot week, in spite of the obscuration of the sun's rays. The competitors who eutered for the sack-race, the tweuty-two who played in the cricket-match, those who chased the soapy-tailed pig, and the sanguine climbers of the greasy pole— all perspired profusely. Of course the balloon was the great point of attractiou, as it swayed slowly about in the breezeless air like a gigantic porpoise, above a wondering crowd. But though all admired, few cared to go up in it as far as the rope permitted, in spite of the earnest invitations of Captain Storer, who acted his part most conscientiously ; so that, by the time Miss RevnnMa an/ Tiney reached the spot, the adventurous spirits of Crocus Ordley and its neighbour hood were exhausted, and there were no more candidates for an ascent Tiney was too cunning to hint at an intention which would assuredly have met with opposition, but waited till her aunt was engaged in earnest discourse with the vicar, aud then slipped quietly away, and stepped into the car, with the assistance of Henry Storer, who was awaiting her. ' Let go !' he cried to the men who held it ; aud they rose slowly to the extent of their tether. The engineer wasted no time in making ! -7^i:,s in form. « Dearest Tiney J-d ho. a-.ro.tly thoy wore above the head* nf the cr,.wd. -uKl you marry me! 'IV y.-.in- ladv sibilated modestly. ??A:\meoV 'O no: that is impossible. . ' Why not J You are of age next week, and no one cau preveut it.' ! ' Without papa's consent ! Oh, that can never be.'' , ' Listen to me, Tiney, love. I have ' persuaded my father to write to Mr. Hey : nolds a fuli explanation of the circum ! stances of tbe nffiir which offended him. 1 The construction of that wretched raiiway was offered to my father by mistake, and he at once asked whether Mr. Reynolds had been consulted, and declined giving ; a reply until that had been done. The directors will confirm this, and all will be right.' ' Then why not wait ! ' Because I am under orders for New Zealand, where I may be kept for years, aud must sail before we should have time to communicate with your father and re ceive his reply. 0, Tiney, will you not go with me as lay wile ?' 'My aunt would never consent, and would make such a fuss.— Ob, dear, what is the matter ?' ' Nothing, dearest ! it is only the wind which has suddenly got up, and is blowing the balloon about a little. — .Never mind your auut ; we will go to Londou, and be married iu your own church. Fortunately, my lodgings are in the same parish, and t.hnrH need be no delav to establish resi dence. You cau stay with your sister Fanny till the day you are twenty-one — next Tuesday, is it not 1' 'Yes.— But, O dear, how the balloou does jerk at the rope !' ' Never fear, love ! I will call to the men to pull us dowu in one moment — But just say what day you will leave this, aud I will have a carriage and post horses' ? He was arrested by a loud snap, and a cry of dismay and terror from the crowd below. The rope had broken ! Tiney, peeping down in terror from the car, saw a white mass of upturned faces, amongst which she distinguished that of her auut, who had also raised her hands, aud who looked so dreadfully shocked, that even the peril of her strange situation could not prevent a slight sense of the ludicrous tinging the fears of her un dutiful niece. Indeed, the idea of a fellow-female sail ing off into space alone with a strange man, drowned all consideration of mere danger to life aud limb in the breast of Aunt Sarah. Had she known that the man was not strange, but an affianced lover, and an officer to boot, she would probably have become petrified. It was but a momentary glance that Tiuey had of the crowd below, for the balloon shot up like an arrow, while the rising breeze carried it at the same time iu a westerly direction. She turned giddy, and threw herself down at the bottom of the car. Storer exerted himself to soothe her fears, and after a time he partially suc ceeded. She was naturally a courageous girl, aud his protection was very reassuring : she thought him such a wonderful fellow. ' At least,' said she, ' we shall die to gether J' ' Die ! What nonsense !' cried he. ' This looks like a wonderful piece of good luck. See ! the breeze is blowing us to wards London, is not that like fatality f ' ' But how are we ever to come down t' ' Ob, ballooDB always come down. You don't throw out ballast, bat you open the valves, and there you are,' ' Have you opened the valves t' ' Not yet j it is not time.' He did not tell her that he had not yet found out how to do it And then they positively spooned a little. It is my firm belief that if the future Mrs. Jonah had been swailuwed with the prophet, they would have been seutimental even in that situation. But external influences soon stopped the Henry-Tiney billing ; the balloon did absurd things ; it rocked and rolled like a ship at sea ; and then it spun like a top, so that nausea eupeivened. At suuset, a thunder-storm, which had been brewing all the afternoon, burst around them. It was very grand, but they got soaked ; and dread lest the object of his affections should catch cold, set Henry to work at trying to open the valves in teal earnest. He had shirked it before, with a uaiurai repugnance w nsK anything at such a height above the ground. It is alarming enough to pull a striug when you know that nothing but a douchet of water will come of it : to perform the operation in a state of uncertainty what will happen, and in a balloon, must be most trying. However, Heury Storer found the strings, and pulled them, with no worse result thau an increased tendency to sink, for they had been gradually coining down fur some lame. And so, to cut the story short, about teu o'clock p.m., the balloon sank down close o the ground, tphpra It-. **toA i n * ««& ? a — — — — , .-«»w *v mvwou u& a twmb tantalising way, seemingly unable to make up its niiud wnether to stop on earth or take another turn in the clouds. Fortu nately, the wind had moderated again, but Btill they went tearing over the fields, and through trees and hedges, at a most un pleasaut, and, indeed, dangerous pace ? Storer fiahiug all the time with a grapnel. He tore the thatch off a rick or two: pulled down a stack of chimneys ; hooked a bull (who roared rather, but got away) and tlien at last tbe apparatus got a firm hold of the framework of a conservatory in a gentiemau's garden, and the balloon was dashed with some violence to the ground, tumbling out the occupants of the car in a very summary way. ' Are you hurt, dearest ?' ' No. Are you V ' Not a bit What a to-do the balloon Js making with the glass ! We had better get out of this, or perhaps they will make us pay.' ^ ' 'uute So they stole quietly out of the garden leaving the balloon to manage for iteelt and shortly afterwards found a village where they got a fiy, which took them to a railway station; aud an op-train atriTwe ^aniosiiortUDate time, Tiney aleut that night at her sister Fanny's house, at Bm water. She wrote to her aunt Sarah next day to assure her of her safety ; ahe was shaken, she said, but hoped lo be quite well and able to travel in a day or two Aud so she was, aud proved it by journey lug into the state of Matrua0Uy. A couple of months later, a letter arrived from Mr. Beyuolds, remowag the interdict from Henry Storer, aud explaining that he himself had beta h««, and in Z m^. It wis *ent after Tinny, who was well on her way to New Zealand by that time. I ' It4lly pap*. d*'V S;U'! iIr!i- htorer i in bor'rq.Iv, ?' it may have wcicd very bad ! of me to forestall your cou.s---.it, though I did know it would come some time. But, vou see, the adventure took me so by sur prise ; liovf could one expect U b^ Jlown away with !' ? 