MARATHONByMOQNI»IGHT,OR| : modem Athens, vre\ were;deliberatinp upon the propnety of j making' some excursions inCo tihe interior i Greece; but xaimy things combined^to deter ' ns from, rasortang to ; ydeoislm steps— among them tbe near ^igl&far-l; bood of the arined brigands, whose rec8iit exploit^ fca^stneken * tlui ^ prople ?mtbi alarm, asd ibej dreadisd B of ietroir. l^ith all the odds against us, we did not; Hk» the kiea W leaving for ever tae iaHd o^f BentiBient &nd; song without exploring & portion of a country whose history we had made in part Our own by long and pleasant contemplation; find so at length, we screwed our courage tip to tbe ripbt point, and TeselTed to venture over the ]-lain of Attica. We had |»rtly arranged with ' ? »to act as guide in our £rst brief excursion, but that worthy had gone the whole length of a soft impeachment, and had taken the first step towards a Greek matrimonial alliance; he had actually made application to tbe Bishop ta consummate his cherished hopes, and was full blown with the: expectation of leading his blushing bride to the altar of Hymen on the ensuing Sunday. 'With soaae respect foi his feelings under the circumstances, and fearing that some false step might plunge us all into difficulties of sueh-a nature as to make it impossible for him to return in gootx con dition to do the honors of the day, we *ave -up our claim to his services, and [n lieu thereof received those of ' Mil tiades.' ** W hat's in a name t' A good deal, my *' gentle WiHiam,' as I have found to my -cost, in this case it led to a rash latification of the bargain ; and at 8 o'clock a.m. we committed ourselves to the tender mereies of the aforesaid worthy. On leaving Athens -wo skirted the base of Mount Lucabeltus, whose black and bare summit stauds as a sentinel to protect Athens from the north, and -as we reached the plain, Pontilicus stood revealed in glittering glory before us. The splinters of white marble glistened una dazzled the slight, affording a pleasant -contrast to the dark shadowy hues of the neighboring hills. There was nothing ol interest to relieve the monotonyof a most desolate and dreary walk, so we iiad to repeople the plain, as in the busy days of Attica's glory. 'We met a few wandering peasants, whose appearance 'told us that we were fast approaching the feast, 'where woman is treated as vastly inferior *o her lord, and little above the brute ereation. The men, riding their asses or 'mules, looked like the Bedouins'of the desert, 'while the women walked ami carried their -children. In three hours and a half we -reached the foot of Pentellicus ^ -and after waiting the -pleasure of our guide, *who had fallen into the rear with a blistered foot — sthe brave military Miltiades had a vulnerable point — 1 --we commenced the -ascent, -and with .i . ? i) i ? : ? ..L ? ? ? .r .... ettat - naturaiiy ueg iub -tua ohhuui our adventures. We-had rather staggered -our ^uide by telling-him that we intended to walk to Marathon and back ; but as he saw that that was our fixed purpose he became heme, and*rose (at least in his -own esti mation) equal to the occasion. -But, alas for modem '^heroism ! for poor Miltiades was rather teadar-footed ; and as a fleet hound is stayed in his speed when a thorn ronfitraies bis vaw. his blustering was brought to a calm -'by the sudden and un -expected raising of a 'blister, Our progress heneeforth was rather slow, bat after rest ing at one or two breathingiplaces, we reached the grotto. There - was something tempting at'the threshold, as it seemed to have lieen Hhe resort of many a genius destined to live for agesan those chiseled blocks of marble which were hewn out ; from thence and also from the grottoes hard by. We had been warned by the indispensible ' Murray' not to enter, as : it was infested with ' light cavalry,' but, prepared to pay tho full penalty of our rashness, we4' rushed in where freshmen fear to tread, but failed to find one of that immense brood of fleas, which, according to the^chronicler, actually swarm th^ place. 'Moreover, we laid a price upon the head, body, and limbs of any one that Miltiades conid find, and sure I am that | with a tempting offer he would have secured one or more had it been praeti jablc, as he seemed to have a genius for sueh sport The grotto is 60 feet wide and 30 feet high, and affords a cool re treat from the midday heat. On leavmg ] this sheltered spot we turned short to the right and made all haste for the summit af the mountain, which we reached alter : a sharp walk through brambles, and over rugged and pointed stones and under brush, relieved by the beautiful arbutus, whose berries resemble in sise and color the golden blossoms on the wattle tree. The view from tbe cairn on the highest ? . ? l ? :£ ? * ? ? ? j; ? ? L point i9 wuij waguiuuvu^ cjkvcuuuig orqr some of the most classic and interesting portions of that country of *' lost gods and nun.' Mounts Parnes, Parnassus, Hymettus, and the islands of the Archi- pelago, Negropontj &c.; — and while the vision took in all this, there, beneath our feet, lay the plain of Marathon. After a reverie, such us even practical men might exense on such a spot, we commenced the; descent over most frightful blocks of marble down into a deep^vioe, where at j times we were shut in by a narrow defile. or gorge, from whence it seemed impos sible to extricate ourselves, and where we had practical proof that ^from the sublime to the ridiculous there is but one step.' Miltiades had insisted that that was the nearest and best way, and now exposed himself to a heavy csoes fire by attempt ing to persuade us into the belief that his short cut had saved us three hoars, white we rebuked bis overweening conceit by assuring him that our knowledge of the geographical position, as indicated by the map **d compass, told us he had made a great blunder. It was endent that he whereabouts, -%nd nitoa ' we had i io lead himoutofdifficulties into the right path. Wehadapleaaantproof -^tfae adage_ ttiat ;*? JpdB musthave a Jfil ^ just at a time wben an incident was li^ly to relieve us . from dark forebodings. ilU. tiades, who cared more for himself than* bis charge, had wand&'ed into a diflBcuk* Strict, whfen » heavy fall of a weighty jMdy atQ«-rted ouz: attention, and on turn ing xound we eaw the poor fellow eatin^ humble 'pie, foriustas hewasgettingover 1 an; immense boulder his feet sapped from ! under bun, and ^hejieti on alUfours to the ground with hisi aoe upwards . We were soon involved in tbe maces of a deep glen with elastic bog beneath, and a thick tapgled tvood rteisting our progi^s, hut AO illA A11W\ ? ' I J uov « MIC WUI WttB MllblOg W6 were rounding a point some distance ; above Yrana, and just then the full orbed moon came to our assistance, or we might have shared the fate of the German antiquarian and scholar who lost his way and periobed in the cold. Yrana is an old Venetian village, beautifully situated, and commands a fine view of the plain of Marathon, but we resisted Miltiades' attempt to induce us to remain all night, as we wished to cross the plain by moon- : Iigbt, 'to coigure up the ghosts of sleeping Persians. It was half-past sev& before we reached the Demarch's house, where we hoped to tarry for the night, and there was something exciting about' the prospect of meeting an official of that' standing, and nothing short of an inter view would content us- He was a short man, with very good features, and dressed ] in the Albanian costume, with the usual camese iustinella. He received us kindlv* md gave us the best apartment and iccommodation which his khan could iftord. It was the season of Lent, and there was no fresh meat to be had, and you might whistle for it there at any time, so that the next be6t thing we asked for was a gewd supply of eggs, and after dis turbing tbe whole village, they brought six 'tor our capacious appetites, Wt as that was not sufficient, we completed our frugal repast with that savoury dish — a red hearing, aiid, some very brown bread. - We had retiied to the mo»t aristocratic i part of the khan for the better enjoyment of our evening meal (which exalted place consisted of a few planks laid upon some beams and pillars), and this retired nook served for dining room, kitchen, and bed chamber, We then made our beds upon the bare boards, with -only a rng beneath us, and our wrapper round us, and there we slept until tne crowing of high chanti. deer, whose shrill clarion notes threw us into a waking dieam of fresh eggs for breakfast, but alas for our hopes, for the second search did not disclose the trea sures desired, and we had to make good our way back to Athens upon the strength of brown bread, herrings, and figs. Mil tiades had given orders that a mule should be in readiness to carry him to Cephissia, with a tacit understanding, on his part, that we should bear two-thirds ot the expenses, so when we started, the great i Ionian cicerone mounted the mule, and I most complacently rode along over plain and mountain. We reached the mound of Marathon about 8 a.m., and stood upon the grave of the 192 Athenians who fell during the immortal fight, and there rt-peatod Byron's lines — The mountains look'on Marathon, Ac. And made our reflections upon the con querors and tbe conquered, in which we were aided by Herodotus. The battle ground seemed well chosen for the Greeks, and as we looked up the valley, flanked - by the hills upon which they rested, fancy beard tbe war-cry, and saw the wild rush of warriors, whose novel mode of warfare filled the Persian host with frenzy. The mound is last wearing away, especially on that part exposed to the south and south-west, the, quarter from whence the heavy rains come. Beyond ^ ? ? L II ?Ki. J ? ? __ % 1 _ ? » war iQe ioxdu ot xuituaaes, ana oesioe us a very sham who dared to call himself by that immortal name. I shall leave bim tu the tender mercy of future travellers, by recording tbe last act of his effrontery and farce. After riding over the worst part of the way back, he asked my friend if he would like to have a ride, and this at once ! brought down upon his head the must sweeping denunciations of his imposture, and shortly alter, the mule, as if conscious _ a' -.1 . ? ? ? ? L. ? 3^ 'j. ? ? _ ' ? _ii * oi we uuwunuj uuiueu ti» rampeuQQ. to bear, stumbled, and precipitated, him among kindred dirt and rubbish to our perfect satisfaction and enjoyment. fjeav| ing him to his fate, we m$de for Cepinesi^ through some fine pastoral scenery in the valley, but instead of finding it a real Arcadia, and listening to the peaceful | strains of the shepherds pipe, we saw a group of men with rifles in their hands, yataghans, pistol*, and poisruards in their belts, and dogs, which rushed at us as we approached, all keeping wateh over some sheep. We passed them in safety, and in sir hours and a half from Marathon w» reached Athens, the time taken by tie victorious army when they returned Id give a good account of themselves. Should these rough notes from a ram bler' s portfolio find favor with the men of the northern Athens and the suburbs, some others may see the light. ' ' A COSMOPOLITE. The Shtdeb Rife. — The following accounts are given of the; performances of the breech-loading Snider rifle with the present amunition. in charge of the Boyal Marine. Light Inf antry oF tbe Woolwich division. As an example, * party of 90 men obtained an average during their first period of practice of 44.06 points with the muzzle-loading En field ; an average of 40 was considered to indicate 'very good shooting ;* the volley firing of tfre Mime party avenged 19.42, 20 points being considered 'very good ' with the infield. The figure; of merit amounted to 185.7fy or 85 $er §M3n$. superiej- tp that which qualified as good'Vwith the oHdarm. 3?orfry. ihree men fired in the &rst-class-; and 23 became marksmen. Octt of a total of 8,00§ rounds fired by the parfj, t ere wwe only five miss-nresj. abd n\\- Mother casuialties of any descriptio n. Thia satia factery result has been .obtained with, a pattern of amunition f?) on which isdi^e.ddubf^ have recently been thrown at Aidershott. and about . wh ich a ques tion was asked in Parliament . It is said to -have been -ascertained that the few casualties which occurred at Aldershott Wer?- due to one or two cartridges not ^omplete in all their parts, and that the TpBult of an enquiry has been tc- remove the restriction on the use of this pattern ;of amunition which had been temporarily imposed. — Home jVetcw. Mokt Ceitis Railway. — Tho Fell railway over Mont Cenis is now running cegularly. On Monday, June 15j four brains crossed the Alps, containing 46 passengers and the mails. The journey took place each 'time in five hours, and with complete success. The line thus opened to the public is likely to prove a great 'attraction to tourists, as well as to render great service to travellers gene rally.— Mid. .. A. Model Pabmameht. — The following extract from a letter from Cairo will, we should imagine, make Mr. Disraelis mouth water : — ' At the commencement of the present session ofjthe Egytian Par liament, the President, having assembled the iSheiks. who compose the chamber, proceeded to instruct them in constitu tional usages, and informed them that it would be the duty of the members who suppurwu iiw gu« truHicui uivMurvo lu git on the right, and those who opposed the government to sit on his left. The Sheiks were horrified at the *ery idea. 1 What, oppose the government !' ex claimed they, ' La, la, il il alia,' and jumping up they all rushed to occupy the Ministerial seats on the President's righijhand, le iving the opposition benches empty. ' — Ibid. A Pciuxoua Adtsxtube at Mosquito PiiAiJfs Caves. — On Wednesday, July 22, a gentleman had a narrow escape rom meeting with a horrible death. He md two friends paid a visit to the above saves, and after inspecting one of the large ones, let himself down what is commonly- known as the Deep Cave — about 45 feet — with a rope hand over band, leaving the other two on the sur face. Having spent some time below, and having doubtless more or less ex hausted his strength, he commenced the ! ascent, which he found more difficult than he had imagined, for the nearer he came to the top the weaker he became. He tried at one time to rest upon the rope, but failed, and of course fatigued himself the more with his efforts, but bravely pushed on again, and again had to give in. One of those on the top called out, ' Hold on then,' and pulled up tbe rope ; but from the position in which he stood at the side of the mouth of the cave pulled the man under a pro jecting rock, and could not get him from under it. It was at this stage a case of life or death. The sight of the man hanging on a rope close to the top with no means at hand to raise him, he ex hausted, and a hard rock to fall upon, was one to be remembered. However, i he threw out his foot, and the one wbo had up to that time been a mere specta tor ot the scenp. leaning as far down the cave as possible, caught his heel, drew { him from under the rock, and the one who had hold of the rope pulled him up. From the number of hairbreadth escapes that have taken place here, it ought to be either filled up or something done to enable visitors to see it without risk. The cave is attractive enough, and people will go down. The Government have been requested to invest the caves in trustees, who would make them safe if permitted. — Register. 