BACK BLOCK SQUATTAGES. (From the Pastoral Times.) It will be readily understood why this class of settlers are at such a disadvantage when com-<*> pared with the squatters whose runs have good water frontages—the latter being enabled to being fence in their country, divide and subdivide it, until the run itself is comprised of so many paddocks, varying from 5000 to 10,000 acres or more. This is a great privilege indeed. First of all it does away with the expense of shepherd ing, which is now felt to be a very wasteful way of bheep-farming. There are some advantages, we admit, to be gained in shepherding sheep ; the sheep are tamer when shepherded, they are more domesticated, and the shepherd can drive his nock of fat sheep to market with almost as much ease as he can drive them to their fold nightly. But these advantages are greatly out weighed by those to be gained by paddocking the sheep ; the latter throw a better and heavier fleece ; they eat up all the grass, and do not tread it down, and so partially render it unfit for use, as do the sheep driven in flocks of 2000 or 3000 ; they do as they like—eat, drink, and sleep when they like; they are, in fact more in a state of nature, and do just as nature dictates to them, consequently they are healthier in every sense of the word. And then comes the dif ference in expense of paddocking sheep and shep herding them, which, in itself, will outweigh all other considerations. The Australian wool grower, let it be borne in mind, has to compete in the English market with all the other wool growers in the world. With France and Germany, where they have some of the finest sheep-pastures, and where for ages they have been improving their breeds of sheep, until they have the best samples in the world. Ordinary well-read men know these things as well as we do. Some of the German sheep- breeders take as much pains with their sheep as the Arabs do with their horses. In Germany sheep-breeding has become a science, so that it is difficult to discover ill-bred sheep in that country. The Germans go upon the principle that it costs less to keep a well-bred sheep than it does to keep one of coarse mould, and as a well-bred sheep throws better wool, they gain in wool and carcass. Many of the petty princes, before Bismarck committed havoc among them, de voted their best energies to breeding sheep, and the highest "Vons" in that country did not think it beneath them to sheep-farm, and thereby earn an honest penny. And so in this latter respect we in Australia are following the example of the Vons of Germany—we have scattered "over the broad domain of the salt-bush country, sons of the English gentry—men educated at Oxford, Cambridge, or Eton, who do not find their classical knowledge any disqualification, pro- Tided they can keep their position in the phy sical world, and do a fair amount of work of a light character, "application" being, in the bush of Australia, the best feature in the cha rater of the young pastoral colonist. If he has industry, health, sobriety, and ordinary intelli gence, he will fight his way; and if he has a small amount of capital only, and uses it well, the avocation of a back block man hath attrac tions and gains for such as these. If he has not these requirements, better that he never ventured into the Australian bush. It is not the place for him—here he will go to the wall, for the face is not here at all times to the swift, nor in every case the battle to the strong ; yet in no part of the British Empire that we know of (and we have seen much of it) are intemper ance, idleness or either of these vices, so sure to bring down a man, until he ceases to merit even our contempt, as in the Australian bush. Too many instances now pass our memory of young gentlemen who have fallen from their true position here until they have become the lowest of the low—have ultimately so levelled themselves as to find life an intolerable burden to them, and then they ended it by their own hands. Now let us return to the many disadvantages which the back block man labors under, as com pared with some of those who compete with him in the wool-markets of England. They run about one sheep to four acres, or 25,000 sheep to every 100,000 acres. The Germans, we in clude North and South Germany, have all kinds of climate for sheep-farming purposes. They can grow heavy, coarse fleeces in the north, or very fine fleeces in the south—their shepherds are skilled men, and work at one quarter the wages of the Australian shepherd. The Ger man wool-growers are greatly in advance of us in breeding, and they are not one-sixteenth the distance that we are from London—the great wool market of the world. Now theße are heavy odds against the Australian wool-grower in the far interior, where he has to pay £15 per ton, or more, for the carriage of his wool to market, and an equal sum per ton /or return stores. And sometimes he cannot get the carriage (which must be paid for in cash) even at this prica. This often throws him over a season—his wool is on his hands for six or seven months, during which time he >g at heavy expense : if he has overdrawn at the bank or at his agents, he has heavy interest 1 O pay ; in fact, like Sisi phus, he has rolled the stone uphill to the very summit, and he now fiyds it rolling down again —down, down it goeJ to the bottom ; and in some cases the back block man is crushed by the weight of bis troubles. The mortgagee takes possession, and the unfortunate settler dis appears from the scene like one of Professor Pepper's ghosts on the theatrical stage. We here see what has brought him to the ground; and we hay% on a large scale, an example in 4he company known as the " Australian Pastoral Jarettment C 0.," at Fort Bomfce. I£ the* eottM hare had lime they might have recovered their losses from drought and from being unable to send their wool in good time 1000 or 1500 miles, to the seaport of Melbourne. Money lenders are inexorable, and debentures mui-t be paid, so the great and small squatter share alike—the company with its 200,000 sheep, or the back block man with his 10,000 or 15,000 sheep. Until the Australian wool-grower can reduce his expenses to a minimum, and have peace in his calling—until the Legislature ceases to har rass him with foolish and needless new laws— each worse than its predecessor, his avocation must necessarily be one of great toil. The back block men took up their country generally under a fourteen years' lease, which the Government of the day, when the lease cea?es, may renew. The Land Act gives him certain quasi privileges, which are no privileges when looked into. If he wants to divide his country into paddocks, so that no sheep need travel two miles daily to water (sheep ought not to be compelled to travel more than this distance), he must have water in each paddock, which can only be secured at great cost; in addition to this, in order to se cure to himself the benefits of his made water hole for the sheep, he may buy a certain quantity of the land around it at 20s. per acre, perhaps double its real value; so that the back block man is overweighted in the race, and unless relief be given to him, by empowering him to demand a renewal of his lease at the end of the 14 years, and in other ways, the inducement to invest in reclaiming the back country is not founded on safe premises. If he had the right of renewal granted him he might toil on and eventually surmount his difficulties ; but uncer tainty hangs over his head in this respect, as indeed it does over the head of the river-front age squatter. The first 14 years are nearly ex pired, the back block men are still in difficulties, and the chief of theße difficulties we have pour trayed. If he could get cheap and legular car riage for his wool to the port of shipment, his chief burden would be removed, and nothing but cheaply-worked railways can do this. There is arid territory un watered now in Riverina, equal to keeping 30 millions of sheep, that must re main useless until the back block squatter sup plies by artificial means the defects of nature in regard to water supply. It is extent of qountrv that backs up the Australian squatter gainst his European competitors in the wool market. •# 