"THE LONSDALE-STREET NUI- SANCE." TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,—Will you be good enough—as the mat- ter is the common property of the whole community—to allow me space in your jour- nal to make a few observations upon the letter of a " Resident" in Lonsdale-street, in this morning's Argus ? The nuisance your correspondent complains of is not confined to Lonsdale- street, as every- body knows. It assails the passenger through the streets of Melbourne in more localities than one, and through more than one of his senses. The moral sewage of Melbourne, like its material sewage, rather stagnates on the surface than flows off through unseen subterranean conductors. To me, the stand- ing wonder is that society will persist in main- taining its customary— but exceedingly un- wise and injurious—tacit compact to endure the infliction of the nuisance without any visible sign of wincing. To be guilty of the weakness of betraying any sign of that kind, is to be at once set down by society itself as an impertinent and troublesome meddler with the established order of things, or as an odious Tartuffe, who is disgustingly over-righteous in profession, and perhaps no better than his neighbours in practice, or as a wild and dangerous inno- vator, who harbours all sorts of designs for introducing wicked French laws for the pro- motion of immorality into the very citadel and stronghold of British purity and prudery. It has fallen to my lot before now to have all these hard missiles flung at me, solely be- cause I have tried my best, with the simplest of motives, to make use of the influence my position as a member of the Assembly gives me to abate in some degree the moral nui- sance of which your correspondent complains. Once and again I have in my place in the As- sembly called the attention of the Govern- ment to the evil in question, urging also the very same argument as that stated by your correspondent, and once and again I have been soundly snubbed by the head of the Government, and abused by the newspapers for my pains. And yet I am not willing to let the dis- agreeable and ungrateful subject wholly alone. The other night, at a few minutes to twelve o'clock, I was walking down Bourke- street from the Assembly, and in front of a specially notorious house in that street my course was arrested by a crowd on the pave- ment. The crowd was absorbed in watching and listening to a "row" then going forward in the public-house. A hideous, obscene tumult it was, as ever I witnessed in my life. A con- fused struggling mass of men with hoarse voices, bloodshot eyes, and ?? , ?? of women with bleeding faces, streaming hair, and torn garments ; of boys and girls, ex- ulting in the "fun," on whose young coun- tenances even the dullest observer might read the imprint of years of crime and loathsome vice. Oaths, blasphemies, the sound of smashing glass, the screams of frightened women, and the brutal exclamations of drunken men, confusedly fighting with each other, woke all the echoes of Bourke-street at that midnight hour. All this I took in at a glance during the few moments that my walk was stopped by the crowd on the pavement ; and I walked on, marvelling in- wardly, as my habit is, whether society ever hears a distant rumour of such things going on beneath its very eyes, and whether the estimable people who fill on Sundays the beautiful new churches all about, and listen so attentively to the powerful and eloquent sermons of their preachers, ever give a thought as to what is to be the fate—if their own so-prized Gospel be true—of the men and women, and boys and girls, who made up that Bourke-street crowd, and who con- stitute the living, acting, mortal and immor- tal at once—and responsible—elements of the " Lonsdale-street nuisance." The effect of the scene upon myself was this : I resolved once more to essay the prac- tical remedy, in spite of the many previous failures. Accordingly, I put a notice of mo- tion on the paper of the Assembly for a select committee to inquire into the causes of the defectiveness of the police regulations in certain parts of Melbourne. But it was useless. The Assembly was so wholly oc- cupied with inquiring, through select com- mittees, into matters of purely private and personal interest, that there was not the ghost of a chance of my motion getting in edgeways. The session, meanwhile, has run out, and nothing can now be done. Still, I shall be prepared, if society will only be good enough to give me leave, and without accusing me of every shade of public offence ranging between flat hypocrisy and a design to legalise prostitution—I shall be prepared, opportunity serving, to renew my motion for a select committee at the beginning of the next session. With that committee the whole ground covered by the "social nuisance" can be once more gone over, and perhaps some practical ameliorations may be educed by its labours. I may add that I am promised the hearty co- operation of the Mayor of Melbourne in the inquiry ; and, let me tell you, his worship —who has subjected himself to the penalty of an inspection of Melbourne in the small hours, in company with a couple of stout detective officers—has exceedingly strong sympathies with all moral reformers in this particular department of human life. Further, several persons have written to me upon the present topic, whose communications are hereby thankfully acknowledged ; and I am open to any number (in reason) of like com- munications, for the purposes or the intended inquiry. Lastly, upon reading over this letter I see it to be a deal too personal in its references ; but I declare, once for all, that in this matter I have absolutely no motive, and no object, excepting the desire and design to do something, however little, towards the suppression of the foulest, the most shameful, and the most destructive moral evil that afllicts this christianised com- munity.—I am, &c.;, DAVID BLAIR. Parliament-houses, Sept. l8. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,—I quite agree with your correspondent "Resident," in thinking that the time has arrived for taking stringent measures to do away with the houses of ill-fame in one of our best streets. A petition numerously and most respectably signed has been presented to our City Council, praying that body would use their powerful influence to effect this great good, and another petition to the same effect has been sent to the Chief Commissioner of Police. If these houses of ill-fame are necessary evils, surely the authorities ought to confine them to a locality more retired than this street, and then respectable people would be able to pass up and down without being dis- gusted by what they are now obliged to see and hear. Some time ago, a spasmodic effort was made to effect the object, and the pest was driven out, but after two weeks' absence the street was as bad as ever. If the police now do their duty, let them see that what they do shall be effectual and permanent. If, Sir, you will insert this letter in your valuable journal, you will, I think, be as- sisting not only the residents and property owners but the public in general. I am, Sir, yours, &c.;, AN OWNER OF PROPERTY. 