DAILY ISSUE. WEDNESDAY, 3rd JUNE, 1868. The corrected agricultural and live stock sta tistics of tlie colony for tlie year ending tlie 31st Marcli, 1867, which have just been issued from the Government Printing Office, though they are not likely to be of much use as a guide to the farmer, may serve to better illus trate several questions which have recently attracted a great deal of attention. It has been urged with some pertinacity, and not a little boldness, by those who prefer serving a party to discovering tlie truth, that the agri cultural statistics are utterly untrustworthy, as a great deal of land under cultivation lias not been taken into account. That these statistics are not to be relied upon as absolutely correct we have many times said, and we see that the collectors themselves do not even claim abso lute correctness for their returns, but, with all their drawbacks, we may, we think, receive these figures as a rough approximation to the actual facts of the case. Those who cherished the idea that the corrected statistics of the Registrar-General would make out a better case for the.Land Act than appears from the approximate returns will, we may tell them, find themselves grievously disappointed. It so happens that one of the most remarka ble errors made by the collectors of these sta tistics is to be found in the estimate of the quantity of land in occupation, which has, if we can trust the figures of the Land Depart ment, been greatly understated. It is, to our mind, easy enough to comprehend how the ■ error has occurred. The collectors of these statistics could only take account of lands which appeared to have an owner—which pre sented some outward and visible sign of be longing to somebody—and as there is a large quantity of land utterly unused, the result has been a very grave misconception as to the ex tent actually occupied. This is notably the case in the returns for the year 1866 7. The total area in occupation is set down as 7,373,279 acrcs, land tlie area cultivated at 592,915 acres. From these figures it follows that the per-centage of occupied land cul tivated was S'04, a quantity very much smaller than the public generally . believed, though still very much larger than the actual per-centage. According to the returns issued by the Land Department, the actual quantity of land held on the 1st Jan uary, 1867, was as follows:—Lands held in fee simple, 7,343;275 acres; lands held under lease for agricultural purposes, 2,571,172 acres; lands held under the <12nd clause, 226,150 acres; making a total of 10,140,597 acres. Here is a veiy remarkable discrepancy, though one which, as we have said, admits of explanation. It is obvious, however, that so far from the 1 agricultural statistics making the case in regard to the Land Act worse than it really is, they make it very much bettor. No doubt there are many mistakes, and lands under cultivation are not unirequently omitted alto gether, but those omissions are more than balanced by not taking into account a great deal of land which is occupied, using the word as meaning owned by private persons, but which is not brought under cultivation. If we take the figures supplied by the Land Department, we shall find that the actual quantity of land cultivated as compared with the quantity " occupied'.' was under G per cent., and not over 8 per cent., as appears in the tables of the Registrar-General. From this we may learn the important fact that the agricultural statistics, whatever their faults may be, do not err on the side of makingthecase against the colony worse than it really is. The discrepancy between the two returns is not difficult to understand. We see that the Registrar uses the words " the occupied lands returned amounted to 7,373,279 acres," from which we may safely infer that he has not obtained his figures as to alienated lands from the Land Department. This seems to us to be a very grave error. The Registrar General has left what is certain for what is uncertain, and has contented himself with a guess, when he might have got figures about which 110 cavil could have been made. More over, his statistics are liable to greatly mislead some folks, especially ardent patriots and pa triotic writers who are unaccustomed to deal with figures, and do not know how easy it is to puzzle themselves over very simple matters, and so mislead any portion of the pub lic which happens to be sufficiently confiding to be misled. Those who collect these statistics evidently cannot take into account any lands which do not bear some signs of cultivation, orpreparations therefor, so that much of thelarge quantity which is held ostensibly for agricul tural purposes, but is not intended to be so used, is passed over and not included in the account. We thus see where one cause of serious error is to be found, and it would be well if this cause was carefully guarded against for the future. The Land Act is still a thing to conjure with, and to raise up ghosts to bewilder and frighten public meetings, and it is therefore desirable that we should know what is really the value of the promises which are made in name of that much-praised and much-abused law. The difference between the two series of statistics is a revelation in itself. The Land Department at the present time, as of yore, hasbeen exultingday afterday over the immense quantity taken up, whilst the advance of culti vation has not kept pace with the demand for land ostensibly for agricultural purposes. We have already shown that the statistics for the present year demonstrate precisely the same fact, and it is a fact well worthy of the most earnest consideration of all those who wish to deal practically with the still most important question in this colony. Two or three years ago there were in California, which has a smaller population and not a better climate, at least one million of acres under actual cul tivation, from which were produced the im mense quantities of wheat by which this colony and other countries have been supplied. The laud question there is complicated with all sorts of difficulties, arising from Spanish claims and uncertain titles, of which we know nothing here, yet more work lias been done than we have been able to accomplish. No doubt our mines have proved more attractive than those of California, our gold-fields law is much better administered, and there are many causes which have made our population less disposed to follow the slow course of agricul ture when more dazzling prospects were pre sented. But our fault is, that we claim to have done what we have not. Our Land Ministers have, one after another, asserted that the progress of settlement was wonderfully rapid, whereas there can now be no doubt that we have not made progress in proportion to the demand for land. We believe that no Land Minister will be able to deal finally and satisfactorily with this great question, who does not keep clearly in view the fact that the demand for land does not always mean an intention to use it for the purpose for which it is ostensibly taken up. 