SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. During the past month, little has occurred in the political world to call for comment. Parliament is still in recess, and it is not expected that the two Houses will meet for the transac- tion of business before February next. What will then be done is, of course, mere matter of conjecture to the outside public ; but it has trans- pired that among the measures which will be early submitted to the new Parliament will be one for the amend- ment of the Land Act, and one to introduce a change as regards the County Court judges and their districts and jurisdictions. This bill will pro- vide for the payment of those judges from a special appropriation, so as to free them from the inconvenient conse- quences of any future deadlock ; will establish, a scale of salaries (the colony being divided into eight districts) .which jvill enable the Qovernment to introduce a system of promotion ; and will bring within the cognisance of the judges insolvency business, so as to make the County Courts even more useful than they now are.' The_ members of the Government are not idle, although the representa- tives of the people are not in their places to spur them on. Retrench- ment in the public expenditure was promised, and it would appear that Ministers will vie with each other as to which can show the largest list of reductions. The Attorney-General has been on a tour of inspection of the gaols throughout the colony, and, it would appear, -with the happiest results. He has discovered that we have of late years become so moral (comparatively) that some at least of the gaols can be dispensed with. In this manner Gee- long Í3 to be robbed of one of her public institutions, as the few prisoners confined in the gaol there are to beremoved to Melbourne, and the prison con- verted into a school for neglected children. We trust the Attorney-General has made no mistake. He has also found that the virtue of the public is now {so much greater than had been supposed, that a smaller number of sheriffs and bailiffs is necessary, and so some of these officials have been remoyed and their districts added to others, while police magi- strates have had the duties of sheriff imposed upon them. In other de- partments of the sorvice, notices to leave have been very abundant, and .at tLe close of the year a large -number of the inferior and unclassified Officers, ure likely to bo dispensed, with in all departments. This severe fit of economy, we regret to say, extends to the Geological Survey department, every officer inwhichjisnowunder notice. With its breaking up will cease the publica- tion of those splendid maps of the gold- fields which are so much admired, and which are such a credit to the colony. Maps which are ready for the printer have not been published, on the paltry score of economy ; the museum, socarefully organised in the course of a long series of years, has been broken up to be divided amongst institutions in the country; the publication of all purely scientific works has been stopped at the printing- office, on the same score of economy; and thus we are about, on the petty plea of saving, to leave unfinished works which would have been, and, so far are, a credit to the colony, and to abolish departments which were capable of being of the greatest use to the public. We have remonstrated occa- sional as to the manner in which these1 departments were conducted. "We have desired that more activity shoukibe shown, and that the labours of the geologists should have as prac- tical , a direction as possible, that imme- diate results might follow from their explorations, but it was far from our design - to urge that the department should be entirely abolished, as seems now to'be the pleasure of the Minister of Mines.. Land selections under the now regu- lations, in connexion with the 42nd clause are proceeding, and the settlors under "the 12th section have* held a meeting by delegates in Melbourne, and have" waited upon the Ministor of Lands,.in deputation, to press upon Min the necessity of making some concessions, in the way of crediting the yearly pay- ments in the name of rent as payments for the fee-simple of the soU. They were desirous that-as regards selection under the, 12th section-twelve annual payments of 2s. per acre should entitle them to the absolute possession of the land-j-and-fhat as regards allotments selected- under the 42nd section, - at the e^cTof three years the holders should be entitled to the Crown grant at the rate of i^l per acre. This would give them a~title -at once, and enable them to raise money upon the security of their possessions, should circum- stances compel them to resort to dealers in money. Mr. Grant was very careful not to comnrt himself to any specific course of conduct, but lie pledged himself that the rents" should be reduced one-half-in other words, that the Land Bill of next session should ^provide that one-half of the money paid as rent should be credited to the account of purchase-money. With this promise the delegates seemed to be satisfied. The Minister of Lands, how- ever, has been more demonstrative in anotherdirection. He is actively engaged in forfeiting all lands on which the con- ditions of improvement have not been fulfilled. Reserves for church and school purposes have come specially under his observation, and wherever the objects for which the land was granted have not been carried out, the Crown lands bailiff has stepped in. All classes alike have been subjected to this visitation. The bishop ¡has lost a portion .of the grounds as 'signed1 to the Church for a deanery, the Roman Catholic body have only secured a portion of tho land once granted to them on the Eastem-hill hy sacrificing a1 portion of a grant in another portion of the city, And the Dissenters 'have not escaped. Some of these small reserves have become extremely valuable in the course of time, and they have added, and -will add, considerably to the revenue from land sales. > i 1 Two new rushes have attracted some attention of late ; the one is to Spring Creek, in the district of M'lvor, where Borne 6,000 miners are now at work ; and the other is to Berlin, a short dis- tance beyond Korong. Both promise well. Spring Creek, indeed, already presents all the characteristics of a flourishing township ; and at Berlin the number of nuggets that have been found has been very encouraging. These new fields are the heat that have been found in this colony during the last five years. Information has come by way of Sydney to the effect that the mail steamer which sailed on the 2nd instant, to carry the New Zealand mails for England, via Panama, will be the last to be despatched. The difficulties of the company have led, it appears, to the cessation of the service. This un- toward event, however, will be little felt in this colony ; and it will but increase the anxiety, now becoming general, that a mail and passenger line of large steamships, by way of the Cape of Good Hope, to alternate with the Suez line, should be established. During the month the name of a well-known colonist-Mr. Ambrose Kyte-has been recorded in the list of those whom Death has claimed as his own. It was anticipated that some political scandal would be evoked in the case of Randell v. Jones. The defendant is the Commissioner of Railways, and the plaintiff a well known trader of the city. It arose out of the charge brought against Mr. Jones by Mr. M. Alexander, of having received a sum of £60 to commence an election and hustings campaign against the existing Ministry, whoso head-Mr. M'Culloch-Mr. Jones now serves under. When the case was called on, however, it appeared that a compromise had been arrived at. Mr. Jones was afraid of the witness-box, and Mr. Randell had some apprehensions as to the demands on his purse in carrying on the action. Mr. Jones's friends were active, and an explanation was ar- ranged which enabled both parties to say they were satisfied-and thus Mr. Jones, who paid the costs, escaped the ordeal of a cross-examination from which much was hoped for in the interests of public morality. The subject of a customs union o the Australian colonies has again been revived. The Chamber of Commerce has had the matter under review, and letters have been addresed to the adjacent colo nies on the subject. Time must be given for the discussion of the subject, Lut there is room for hope that the esta- blishment of a customs union, on tho principle of the Zollverein, is not impro- bable. Under the existing tariffs of the several colonies the amount contributed by each inhabitant thiough the Custom- house varies considerably. In Victoria the contribution, in 1867, was £2 2s. per head; in New South Wales, £1 lfís. ; in South Australia, £1 3s. 3d. ; in Tasmania, £1 5s. 8d. ; in Queens- land, £2 16s. 9d. ; and in New Zea- land, £3 16s. 9d. The average of all the colonies is £2 2s. 8d. per hoad. The diversity of contribution is but in a small degree accounted for by the diverse rates of consumption in the several colo- nies. In New Zealand there is doubt- less a larger consumption per head of the principal dutiable articles, but this is owing to the larger proportion of adult males among the population, and to the circumstance of their employ- ment as pioneer gold diggers. The far greater part of the discrepancy in the rates of contribution per head is to bo traced to the differing rates of duty. The fact of these being highest in New Zealand of course increases the taxation per head. The rates of consumption are, on the whole, much alike, and thus a uniform tariff and a single Custom- house establishment would not produce the inequalities wliich at first sight might appear inevitable. The intelligence from New Zealand is more alarming than ever, and includes particulars of a shocking massacre of( European settlers by the Maories at Poverty Bay. Ever since the disastrous engagement at Te Rue araru, in which Von Teinpsky and other brave officers fell, tho colonial forces have been in' a state of disorganisation, and, in -the absence of any adequate means of defence from the aggressive Maories, settlement after settlement has been abandoned. For some time the Po- verty Bay district (on the eastern coast) has been menaced by hostile natives, amongst whom were the rebels who escaped some months ago from their prison at Chatham Island, and on the 11th of November, in the dead of the night, a descent was made on Mate-where-where, a small and perfectly defenceless settlement. The houses were set fire to and burnt to the ground, and most of those who escaped the flames were inhumanly butchered by their savage foes, who spared neither age nor sex, but destroyed with horrible ferocity men, women, and children, completing their work by burning some of the bodies and throwing others to the pigs. Altogether about thirty Europeans and nine friendly na- tives perished, though a good many con- trived to make their escape by reaching the shelter of the flax. Reinforcements were sent to the post of Turanganui, about six miles from the scene of the massacre, and intelligence has just reached us of an engagement with the rebels. Pull particulars have not yet been given, but it is' satisfactory to know that the perpetrators of the recent atrocities have received some measure of punishment for their crimes. The intelligence from the western coast, however, is more disheartening than ever, an unsuccessful attack having been made upon the Okutuku pa, fol- lowed by the abandonment of the post, and subsequently of Patoa. Wanganui is now the head-quarters, and this place is also threatened. An agent of the New Zealand Government is now in Melbourne, for the purpose of obtaining recruits for the colonial forces at the seat of war, and his mission will pro- bably be successful SOCIAL SUMMARY. Tho Eight Rev. J. A. Gooldj ¿D.D., Roman Catholic Bishop of ' Melbourne, was a pas- senger to this port from Europe by the last mail steamer, and was very warmly welcomed by the clergy and laity o£ tho Roman Catholic Church, on his return to Wa dioceso, after a long abspnco. The" day after 'ho landod a largo master of the clergy and laity took place, in St. Patrick's Cathedral, when an address of welcome was read by Mr. O'shanassy, and the Bishop made a short speech in reply, ex- pressive of his thankfulness for the' kindly reception he had experienced on his Teturn. He informed his hearors that 'he was the bearer of the thanks ofi the Popo for the annual subsidy tho church hero had given him, and also that His Holiness had been pleased with the report he had received of the progress of roligion and education in Victoria. The following Sunday a very large congregation thronged the spacious cathedral to witness the ceremony of consecrating the bells, which was performed ,by the Bishop. The bells aro eight in number, and will, as soon as possible, bo fixed in tho tower built for their reception. High masa having been celebrated, the Bishop, at the close of the sermon, pronounced the Pontifical blessing, which ho had been instructed by His Holt- ness the Pope to impart to the Catholics of Victoria. A new and valuable picture has been added to the art collection m the Public Library. It is "A View in Rotterdam," by Mr. James Webb, and was purchased from Mr. Tooth's rooms, in the Haymarket, London, tor £500, by Mr. A. T. Thomson, who acted as agent for Victoria. The picture is very large, and gives a full view of the harbour and city or Rotterdam under the glowing light of sunset. The picture has given great satisfaction. I A pleasing little ceremony, of a character somewhat novel in Victoria, was performed on the 1st instant, on board the Training ship Nelson, in Hobson's Bay, when medals and other awards of the Royal Humane Society of England, were presented by His Excellency the Governor to one of the boys of the ship and two of the men. The boy was Joseph Blacker, a fine little fellow of twelve years of age, who has at various times during the present year saved the lives of three persons from drowning, risking his own in the attempts. The two earlier of these cases, in which the per- sons saved were boys, comrades of Blacker, were brought under the notice of the Royal Humane Society, who had sent out to him their silver medal and written thanks. Two of the instructors of the ship, named Ken- nedy and Collins, were also presented with tes- timonials-Kennedy with the bronze medal of the society, for leaping from the ship to save a comrade from drowning, and Collins with the written thanks of the society for jumping into the sea from the pier to save Blacker and a lad whom Blacker had leaped in to save. His Excellency was accompanied by Sir Travor Chute, Colonels Anderson (father and son), Lieutenant-Colonel Rede, Lieutenants Rothwell and Richardson, and Mr. M'Culloch and Mr. J. M. Grant, several ladies also being with tho party. The Gover- nor then went on board the colonial war steamer Victoria, which had got up steam, and soon afterwards steamed down the bay, bearing His Excellency on a trip to Western Port. Colonel Anderson was also on board, and intended to inspect the port with a view to its capabilities of defence. There have been several partial holidays during the month. The birthday of the Prince of Wales was celebrated on the 10th November instead of the 9th, from the fact that the latter was "mail day." "Constitu-, tion Day," November 23, was observed as a holiday in the law courts and Government offices, and St. Andrew's Day also brought with it, the usual cessation of legal business in the courts. The only out-door amusement pro- vided on this day was the Scotch College Athletic Sports on the metropolitan cricket ground, at which His Excellency the Governor attended, the principal prizes _ won by tho boys being presented by Miss Manners Sutton. Colonel Gore Browne, who retires from the Governorship of Tasmania in favour of Mr. Du Cane, proceeds to England by the ship Helmsdale, a suite of cabins having been secured for His Excellency and Mrs. Browne and family. The Holmsdale is under con- tract to sail on the 7th, of January. Mr. H. A. Bruce, a Civil servant, in the Customs depaitment, well known in Mel- bourne as a successful amateur actor, left the colony in a very sudden manner, a week ago, by the P. and N, Z. Company's, steamship Tararua, taking his passage under an assumed name. It has been since found that he has left behind him debts amounting to about £3,000, and one of his recent transactions has been regarded as affording matter for a criminal charge on which a warrant for his arrest has been issued. Communication has been made with Sydney, and a police officer has proceeded thence by the steamer to Wel- lington to secure the apprehension of Mr. Bruce. It is believed now, however, that although his passage was paid to New York, he has suffered his family to proceed thither by the Panama line, but that he left the Tararua in the bay, and has proceeded in another direction. An adventurer, who imposed a good deal on the credulity and hospitality of the Sydney people, under the name of Von Attems, and the title of a Count of the Austrian Empire, then sailed away in a yacht named Hamlet's Ghost, of which he obtained possession, called in at Cape York, where he took in supplies, paying for them in worthless paper, sailed thence for Batavia, leaving "orders" for an Austrian frigate, which he was always ex- pecting, and which was to follow him on to Batavia, arrived at Sourabaya, and then com- mencing his old game of negotiating fraudu- lent paper, fell-under suspicion on account of many questionablq circumstances, and was, at the date of our last intelligence thence, lying in custody pending inquiries that had been instituted, preliminary to a criminal prosecution. It therefore, seems likely that this plausible and hitherto successful impostor may at length be brought to punishment. A most kind autograph letter to M. Nicolas Chevalier, the well-known artist, from Prince Alfred, has been received by the mail, inform- ing him of His Royal Highness's intention to leave England very shortly on his second voyage, and inviting M. Chevalier to meet him at Gallo, where ho hopes to arrivo about the 1st February, and to accompany him thence to India. China, and Japan, and back to Australia, taking sketches for the Prince en route. Seeing the large choice open to the Duke of Edinbuigh, it is pleasing to find that His Royal Highness should have selected one whom we are justified in calling a Victorian artist to accompany him on his interesting expedition. , A frightful accident occurred about three weeks ago at tho Tanjil River, Gipps Land. A miner named Peter Warbridge was living in a hut with his wife far away from any other, human habitation. One night while they were in bed a large tree, 180 feet in height and standing seventy feet away from the hut, fell down right across the hut, crushing and killing the two unfortunate inmates. The hut and the tree then became ignited by the fire on the hearth, and a day or two after the charred remains of the man and woman wore found amongst the blackoned wreck of their dwelling house. The Rev. Mr. Macartney, of Rosedale, has left the ministry of the Church of England with a view of devoting himself to public life. At a farewell soirée of his congregation and friends he said :-" Tho position of a clergy- man is to me highly unsatisfactory in this colony. He is tied down, he is chained, by popular or vulgar prejudices, so that he can- not reach the good which he sees. He is re- garded too much in the light of a genteel mendicant or dependant. I am'not under the necessity, nor do I feel it my duty, to remain in that position. Next, I feel that I have not in the ministry, scope or freedom for investing all the talents' corarnitted, ro roy care."'Fortheuse of these'I must rende'* an accouM i I- shall, therefore, seek a sphere where I/can. invest them-not bury them and ush théra-farthé greater ' advantage of. myself and soy fellow-men. You are antious* i to hear a word about ntf future career. WelL I sliall devote ntyself'to politics and the bar. 'I shall leaving nothing hghfc and honest un done-fo assist me to success in'both. I trust |to procure' a seat iii Parliament at rio distant date, and in that capacity the chief object of 'my life will bo amelioration of my fellow-men. lOnce'more-farewell." j* " ' i The Mayor of Geelong, tho ex-mayor, and several'of the aldermoirand councillor paid a visit to Melbourne orL November 12, lji, re- sponse to an invitationJromJMr. J. S. Butters, the ex-mayor of thou ty, and, were enter Mined by him at his i esidencc, Rosemount, Toorak ; a largo hum )or of the ' aldermen and councillors of the ( ¡ty Corporation) being of the carty. The.invi ;ation was in rejraitoi of a similar piece of hospitality recently shown by the Corporation' of Geelong to that" of Melbourne. A very pleasant ' day was spent by the visitors.' «II J, J HI I » I s ti | A literary and musical, entertainment,),at which Mr. George Higinbothaurpresided,, was held at St. GeorgeVhall ,a week ago, on behalf of an attemptfñow",beinC ,maao to establish' a press library for'the usó,'of, the members of the typogranhicatprofession. . The annual sittings of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church have been held, but the proceedings were not of a very im- portant character. The Rev. P. Brown, of Hawthorn, was chosen moderator for the year. i A young man named George Tulloch, an architect, of Sandridge, has been committed for trial, charged with, the abduction from herbóme of a girl uwjer fourteen years of age, named Sophia Fanning. ' i The City Council he'dlameeting on the 9th November, at which the new mayoralty was inaugurated. ' The retiririt» mayor,' Mr. J, S.' Butters, left the chair, in which his successor, Mr. Thos. Moubray, was then' installed!. In ' the evening the new mayor gave a handsome dinner at the Criterion Hotel, at which His Excellency the Governor, the Bishop of Tas- mania, the Commander-in-Chief of Her Ma- jesty's Forces in Australia, His Honour'Sir Redmond Barry, and a number of citizens were present. ' ' Dr. Meiler, Government botanist of Mauri- tius, arrived at this port'on the 20fch Novem- ber, having been deputed by the authorities there to collect information from various sources with regard to áugar-canes. Dr.' Meiler will visit ' Novr South Wales and QueonslandJ and also several of the' islands in the Pacific. The'planters of Mauritius have now convinced themselves that it is only by tho introduction of new and better descriptions of sugar-cane that the island can maintain its production of sugar. It is calculated that over' 300,000 rabbits must have been destroyed within tho last few months oh. Dr. Stoddart's station, near Colac. . The navigation of the River Murray may be regarded as over for the season, 'the river having fallen too low^to permit the steamers to work. ' ' ' J At the last Supreme Court Criminal Sittings, Thomas Crane, lato a, draper in business at Ballarat, was Convicted of larceny as a bailee, on behalf of the trustee of his 'estdte/'ana was sentenced to three years on tlie'roads.' James Joseph Godkin, a landing-waiter at Warrnambool, convicted of erabezilerneni; from the Customs, was, In accordance with the recommendation to moicy from the jury, sentenced to the lenient term of only seven months' imprisonment. ' The station-master of the Elsternwick Rail- way-station, Mr, John Brqwo.'Was bitten by a' brown snake on Tuesday last., Professor Halford's new remedy, of injecting ammonia into the veins was tried with success, tho sufferer being now out of danger, i A new iron bridge built over the Saltwater River, at Keilor, at a cost of upwards of £6,000, was opened by Mr. James McCulloch, Chief Secretary, on November 23rd. The bridge is a fine piece of construction, and has been tested with, a load of 142 tons. Duigan, a bushranger in the Beechworth district, who lately threatened to stop Mr. Walter Montgomery, the actor, and who shortly afterwards stopped and robbed a com- mercial traveller, has been, arrested near Benalla, at the Tatong-Station of Mr. Simson, where he had gone as was believed for the purpose of stealing a thoroughbred horse. H.M.S.S. Charybdis left Sydney*on No- vember 28 for the, American station, ' but with' orders to call ¿at Wellington,) New Zealand, and, if required, to! stay there till the rebel i Maories are subdued. H.M.S. Challenger is daily expected in Melbourne from Sydney. 'A deputation fromithe Shipowners' Associ- ation; waited on the. bon., the Minister of Customs the other day, advocating the esta- blishment of a marino board. Thei Com- missioner of.Customs thought that many rof the difficulties of which the deputation com» plained could bel easily met, but recom- mended them to draw up a sch.edulc>of their suggestions, and submit it to him. / i Mr. Henrys Newton King, postmaster of Ballarat, has been committed for trial by the magistrates there, on a charge of embezzling a sum of £746 13s. 5d., the monoy of Her Majesty. It is said thati his defalcations amount to over £1,000. > < The city authorities have determined to remove the inseouro verandahs which obstruct and render unsafe some of the footpaths in our leading thoroughfares! i ' The sentence of. the prisoner Ritson, con- demned to death for shoo ting at and wouuding Kinsella, inspector of tho Eastern-market, has been commuted to imprisonment forlifo, tho first three years in irons. i r Charles G. Robins, an American shipmaster, .who was detained in custody for somo timor on the charge, preforred t by the American Consul, of forfring certain trade-marks and' manifest of the cargo conveyed by his 'vessel; the i schooner S. Di Bailey,» has been dis- charged, i The vessel, laden with an 'assorted cargo, valued at 50,000dolrr-sailed from San Francisco May 1,5,1808,' bound for, Victoria, Vancouver's Island. Instead, of sailing to that port, the'vessel was,brought on to New Zealand. The prosecution mainly turned on the question whether Fanning's Island, the place whero the alleged forgery was committed, was American territory. The Bench consi- dered that on this point tho prosecution failed,,. and dismissed the case. ¡ , An old man named David Jenkins com- mitted suicide on the 26th November, by cut- ting his throat with 'a razor, at a boarding house in Little Lonsdale- strcët, while under thb influence of delirntni tretqens. ' ' The ship Balmacarra on 'arriving hero, No-' vemberl3, was placed in quarantine having had five cases of fever and ague,' and ono case 'of smallpox, during her voyage from Batavia. ' Mrs. Charles Meredith, of Tasmania, has ' been honoured by a very gracious letter, in acknowledgement of an album, containing landscape sketches, by hersolf, illustrative of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh's visits to Tasmania and Sydney, which Mrs. Meredith forwarded to the Queen through the care of His Excellency Colonel Gore Browne. The Duko of Buckingham's letter conveys " Her Majesty's best thanksto Mrs. Meredith for the very interesting sketches, as well as for the bool«, which sho Eos so kindly sent for Her Majesty^ acceptance," SEMI-POLITICAL TRIALS. The political scandal of the month has been the burking of an inquiry into the past political life of the present Commissioner of Public Works, Railways, and Roads, Mr. Charles Edwin Jones. The history of the thing is simple. During a late Ballarat West elec- tion contest, when Mr. Jones was a candidate, it was stated by Mr. M. A. Alexander, an officer of the Constitutional Association, that some years since he (Jones) accepted £60 as a kind of reward beforehand for commencing a series of operations against the M'Culloch Ministry. There was not much in the accu- sation, seeing that it was notorious some years since that Mr. Jones was by no means so fitted to a full suit of politics as he is just now, and required the sinews of war in order to carry on the battle. But it so happened that he was at this election openly asserting in effect that he had never held different views as to party than he did then, and this awk- ward statement of Alexander was inexpressi- bly provoking. He was uncertain as to the credulity of the Loyal Liberals, whose suf- frages he sought, and consequently, in order to set himself right with them, made this remarkable declaration at a public meeting :- "I have to say on my word and honour as a gentleman, that I never received £60, or any other sum, from Mr. Moses Alexander, or any other set of men, from or on behalf of the Constitutional Association, or any other association, for such a purpose as is alleged, or for any other purpose, as I stand before my Maker." Upon this, a series of statutory declarations were made by Alexander and others, setting forth the various facts surrounding the transfer of the £60. These have been alluded to in a previous summary. They were supported by tho affidavits of J. W. Randell and John Rees, which were to. he effect that letters on the subject with which the £60 was con- cerned had passed between Randell and Jones, but had since been destroyed, both Randell and Rees remembering that the terms of one of these notes was- " The Paschal lamb is ready for the sacrifice, but in these degenerate days the 'mint' sauce is wanted -," which was easily taken to mean that Mr. Jones was ready to set about the work in view, but wanted money-i.e., "mint sauce." It is not to be wondered at that Jones'.was furious at these home-thrusts, and in a letter to the Government newspaper organ he 'said, against Randall personally :- "There is not a word of truth in the statement made by Randell that I ever talked with him about Alexander lending me money." Also : "Touching the veracity of Mr. Randell, it will be remembered that at a public meeting in connexion with the affairs of the Colling- wood Gas Company, he was convicted on in- disputable evidence of deliberate methodical untruthfulness." In another passage he re- ferred injuriously to Rees as a " poor hanger on of the Randell establishment, and hinted, in unmistakable terms, that he (Rees) had been discharged from his situation as town clerk at Williamstown. In a subsequent pas- sage he described the letter referred to by Randell as "apocryphal," adding-" The pre- tended extracts are not at all in my style. There is one great difficulty in procuring ample documentary evidence of all that Ran- dell, Alexander, and the others, would like to prove against me. My signature is very diffi- cult to imitate." Thereby intimating that the witnesses against him would have forged the letter could they have imitated his signature. It was not to be supposed that Messrs. Ran- dell and Rees would submit to this quietly. The accusation against Jones had been so publicly made that Parliament had to take the thing up, but from, a select Committee composed of members of Parliament as they are now, nothing was to be expected save a verdict of acquittal, or "Not proven," and the latter was agreed to. It did not create much surprise, because it was known that Randell and Rees had commenced actions against Jones in the Supreme Court, and that an impartial tribunal would yet have to decide upon the merits of the case. The trials were then looked forward to with great interest. The attorneys on either side were intensely busy, and all sorts of rumours were circulated. In their midst came a serious suspicion, and The Argus had to state in its columns "Notwithstanding the denials which have been put forward, we have no hesitation in reiterating our statement that Mr. Jones's friends have been strenuously endeavouring to compromise the actions which have been brought against him by Messrs. Randell and Rees. Mr. Jones, of course, denies the report himself, but that is a circumstance which will not, we apprehend, affect the credibility of our statement in the estimation of any per- son. The public may rest assured that Mr. Jones will leave no stone unturned to avoid putting in an appearance at the Supreme Court. Gasconading before a select com- mittee, composed of unscrupulous friends and half-hearted political opponents, was child's play to the unblushing Jones ; but a few hours' cross- examination in a witness-box, under the legal responsibility of an oath, is an ordeal to be avoided at all risks," The time of trial drew near : every means were taken to stave off not the action'of Rees, but that of Randell. Mr. Ambrose Kyte was said 'to be an important witness ; he was dangerously ill, and so a little delay was obtained. Rees v. Jones did come to trial. It, however, did not touch the main point in the least, and that its issues were absolutely confined to these points-Was Rees charged with a desire to commit forgery? \- was be dismissed from the town-clerkship of Williamstown?-how much was he injured? Jones himself went into the witness- box, but his examination could not touch the quarrel about the letter ; and though the defendant was stopped from edging in his version of a matter which did not affect the case, yet the other side could not touch him respecting the points upon which they were most anxious, (it should be stated that Jones's friends have pretended that his appearance in the witness box in this case was an evidence of his desire to tell the truth.) The end was that Jones was cast in a verdict of £10 damages, which included costs, that must have considerably exceeded £100. At last Randell v. Jones came on for trial. Mr. Kyte was dead, so his absence could be no cause of delay ; and on a Tuesday evening in November, counsel, attorneys, witnesses, and public thronged to the Supreme Court to hear the proceedings. But they wore dis- appointed; and, as we had prophesied, Mr. Jones would not enter the witness-box. In- stead of a trial the following letters were read :- "The Hall, Collingwood, Nov. 10,1868. "Hon. C. E. Jones. " Dear Sir,- Having seen my explanation of the reasons which induced me to sell my shares in the Collingwood Gas Company, I desire to know whether you still adhere to the statement contained in your letter to the Age newspaper of the 10th August last, 'that I was convicted on indisputable evidence of deliberate, methodical untruthfulness at a meeting of the Collingwood Gas Company.' I remain, dear sir, yours truly, " J. W. RANDELL." "65 Young-street, 1 Nov. 16,1868. "Dear Sir,- When I made the statement to which you refer, I had lost sight of your explanation as to the Collingwood Gas shares; and, having fully considered your statement in a letter to the Age of (24th August, 1803), I frankly admit that I am satisfied there- with (and withdraw the remarks made by me in relation thereto).' "l am, dear sir, yours faithfully, " C. E, JONES. "J. W. Randell, Esq.", ,[N.B.-The words "and withdraw the re- marks made by me in relation thereto," were added in another hand. Tho words "24th August, 1863," wore written openly in court.] "The Hall, Collingwood, Nov. 16, 1868. . "Hon. C. E. Jones, " Dear Sir,- I am in receipt of your favour of this date, and am pleased with the admis- sion contained therein ; and in return freely accept the finding of the committee of the Assembly in the political aspect of your case. "I remain, dear sir, yours truly, ' "J. W. RANDELL." ___ So upon this incomplete apology for the most trifling of "Jones's accusations, the graver charges made by Randell, which were alleged to be brought on public grounds only, were dropped, the record was with- drawn, and the trial lapsed. It is impossible to describe the disgust with which a com- promise so contemptible was received by the men of all parties alike-by those who wished to see Jones in the witness-box, and by those' who desired to see him exculpated. Rumour has given several reasons for Randell's shirk- ing the contest. On the morning after this fiasco, we stated, " One little fact, not unim-' portant, perhaps, to some of the parties con- cerned, or uninfluential in bringing about the desired result, remains to be mentioned. Mr. Jones pays all costs." It is now stated that the amount paid by Mr. Jones far exceeded the lawyers' charges. LAND SELECTIONS. We can place before our English readers the first instalment of asories of reports upon tho effects already produced by tho oporation of the 42nd clause of the Land Act, as inter, preted before the 1st November lost. They aro derived from figures actually in the possession of the Lands department, and may thus be relied upon. At present tho inquiry has only extended a little way in the Geelong survey district, including the sub-districts of Steig- litz and Rokewood,1 small areas not measur- ing ten miles across in any direction. It appears from tho best evidence that the large mojoiity of the selectors on these new terms are men really devoting themselves to settle- ment upon the land. The following estimates of values of crops-must be-accompauied by the fact that, owing to the bad weather and the droughty the valuation is,put down at tho lowest sum, and farely exceeding £3 or £2 per acre, i RESIDENT LICENSEES.' < STXIOLITZ DISTRICT, I Corgerio Bamganie Meredith Erülark.. lloreop.. Borhoneyghurk llungal Wabdallah . Burtwarrah . Dorog .. Wingeel i . Murdlduko . Durdidwarrah Narmbool Boromboko Anakie. . Acres 1220 .817 1020 1187 110 1603 100 182Q 5Ê3 £ 1608 783 1602 1695 100 2869 231 01 HE 4214 1303 2184 2359 027 sa. 377 150 853 319 82 613 85 472 Totals 252U5472|1014'25261 (12464 ¡8230'4225 NB.-Tho item "Live Stock" includes the follow- ing gras totals .-Cattle, 2,930 ; pigs, 627 : lloraos, 473, sheop, 195. ' j BORRWOOS DISTRICT. _ (Incompleto ) jS 'Sid .s§3 nu Commeralghip] Corindhap Warrambine Acres 827 1705 £ 3626 6510 55 I 2092 I 27ÛI 0135 I 3000 I 478 028 NON-RESIDENT LICENSEES. STEIGLITZ DISTRICT. S3 ?a °-S isa Cargorlo .. Bamganie.. Coolebarghurk Moreditb .. Ballark .. Moreop Borhoneyhurk Bungal .. Wabdallah Burt-Warrah Dorog .. Wingeel'.. Murdlduko Durdidwarrah Bungeeltap Narmbool . Beremboke , Anaklo ~ Totals .. Acres. 1070 140 £ 098 145 210 764 381 281 990 360 1559 226 437t 140 85 1224 1983 1182 812 1194 200 20 HO 023 100 l8 20S 879 1005 40 lo 228 '887 305 695 279 .,1283 |10300 114634 I 0319 |1742 |0079 N..B -She item llvo Btock Includes 1,700 cattlo, 142 pigs, 236 horses, and 8,030 Bhf op. ¡ , , EOKKWOOD DISTRICT. (Incompleto). ni Commeralghip .. Corindhap War nunbino ' Acres 240 131 lil .THE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND. The intelligence from New Zealand is again of a distressing and alarming, nature. At three ,o'clock in tho morning of ¿tho 11th November tho escaped Maori prisonors from i Chatham Island made an attack upon tho settlement of Mate-whero-whero, at Poverty Bay, burning the homesteads, and murdering in cold blood every white person they could find. Women and children were not spared, and thoii bodies liko those of tho mon were horribly mutilated after death. 'Altogether, about twenty-eight Europeans and nine friendly natives aro ' kntfwn to havo been destroyed, and it is feared that these aro not all. i Amongst the killed are-Captain Biggs, his wife, child, and servant ; Captain Wilson,1 his wife, children, and servant ; Messrs. Dodd, Peppard, and servant ; Mr. Nairn and his wife and child, Mrs. M'Culloch and child, Mr. Caddie and Mr. Pedbury, and Lieutenant Walsh and his wife and children. The firing having boen heard at Turanganui, a party of armed men started in ' that direction, meeting on tho way a number of fugitives who had with difficulty escaped with their lives. Several were found afterwards who had escaped by hiding in tho flax. The atrocities which were committed wero almost r too horriblo to ho described. ' Ono poor woman, whose husband nnd child had boon shot, was dragged out of bed and her clothes set firo to-the poor creature being thus burned alive. Many of the bodies, it is said, wore thrown by the Hauhaus to their pigs. Tho fugitives wero taken to Napier, whoro the greatest excitement and consterna- tion prevailed. The whole town was in mourning, and business was entirely sus- pended. After completing their work of murder! the Hauhaus set uro to nearly every house in the settlement, carrying off the most valuable of tho contents oà booty. Apprehensions being entertained of another attack, Captains Tuko and Wostrupp wore despatched from Napier with sovonty friondly natives, to strengthen the force ontronched in tho Turanganui rodoubt, whicjh' is now de- fended by twehty-ilvo Europeans,1 and 200 friendly natives. Tho exact number of the rebels now in tho PovortyBayDistrict is not known, but it is variously stated at from 200 to COO. Tho whole of tho surrounding country is in a state of alarrnfas it is fpared that another attack from a fresh direction will be made. t Tho.intelligence from the Wanganui dis- trict, where ¡tho greater part ,of tho recent warhjso, operations have been carriod ,on, is not're-assuring. Tho Patoa and other settlements havo boen abandoned, and tho European forbes have 'met with another serious reverse. "The' aiïair occurred at Okutülcu, near the hoad-quarters at Wairo. The 'place was attacked at 'half-past oight in the morning-1 by Colonel Whitmore, with a1 force of 300 Europeans and eighty friendly natives, tho majority of the nativos not turn- ing out ^vhen required. The 'post was found to bo occupied by a strong force, and aftor a flerco contest, in which an unsuccessf ul at- tempt was modo to storm tho position, Colonel Whitmoro had to retire with the loss of four 'killed (including Major Hunter), twenty wounded, and twelve missing. The retreat Was, conducted without ' 'confusion or hurry, though the retiring force was closely Ïresscd.by the enemy, who followed to within ,G0O yarda of the camp. The principal, loss was 'BUBtained in endeavouring to carry the pa. Colonel Whitmoro intended to roriow tho attack next morning, but was obliged to fall back upon Patea, which in1 turn had1 to be' abandoned. Great dissatisfaction is said to, exist amongst'tho troops generally, and the Wanganui natives refused to go into action again until they had a conference with tho Governor, who accordingly proceeded to Wanganui to meet them. ' Thoy complained of | the abandonment of the posts, and ex- pressed a want of confidence in Whitmoro as a ("fighting chief," alleging that' ho was always too ready to retreat. The Go- vernor 'invited ' volunteers ' for "a fprce to bo called "Tho' Governor's" Band," and a considerable number of natives re- sponded. Altogether, the position of affairs in .the disturbed districts is very serious, and, to make matters worse, thero is a goneral feeling of dissatisfaction'with respect to the military management. The forces seem to bo thoroughly disorganised, whilo tho goneral Government is apparently quite helpless. Asaset-off against the late disaster, is tho in- telligence-just to hand-of a successful en gagement with tho rebels at Poverty Bay,' ?which took place on the 23rd November., Moro than twenty of the enemy wero killed, while our loss consisted of four fnendly natives killed, and twelvewpündeej. Thewhiteportion, of the force does not appear to have suffered any loss., An agent of the New Zealand Go-, vcrnmentis now in Melbourne for the»pur-1 pose of raising 200 recruits for the, armed ; constabulary employed at the seat of war. He trill probably have no difficulty in gerung the-) required number of men. The Victorian Go- vernment at first refused to permit the enrol- ment to take placo, but expressed their wil- . lingnessthat the 400 men of the 14th Regiment ; stationed here should bo sent to the assistance t of the colonial troops in the disturbed colony. In the absence, however, of any request from > the New'Zealand Government for assistance of this nature, ino stops wero takoninjiher matter. i ¡ , THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ASSEMBLY. The annual sittings of the General Assem- bly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria commenced on the 14th November, and, ex- tended over nine days, a very large amount of business having to be disposed of. The Rev. P. Brown, of Hawthorn, was elected moderator. The most important matter dealt with was the education question, on which a report was submitted unmistakably in favour of secular system, this defection from the denominationalists having been determined on as the least of two evils - the denomi- national system having proved an utter failure, and the bishop,of Melbourne's pro- posal to unite, all denominations in one sys- tem being regarded as impracticable. The report spoke as follows : - "Time has brought, about changos of > feelings and , opinions, [ and the , Presbyterian. i portion < or, the colony aro , now , in favour of; j a ' general By s tem. Donominational schools aro > found to ho expensive and troublesome r Presbyterians find that they can' cp-opúr&te; \ in education with members of other Churches, ii It is generally believed that httlo religious knowledge^ i imparted even in denomina- tional common schopls. The teachers fpr the most part set' thomsolves agaiust denomi- national 'authority. 'In short, there is, a', general desire .? 'for a change, ' and this, ' committee/ d6 nbt think that the .Pros'-' ' by teriani Church should stand in the i way. d' As to, the nature of the coming chango, ,£ the committee fear that, owing to tho state , Of opinion in the 'colony, no very satisfactory , ilystom la attainable at present. Bolioving, however, that somo change is unavoidable, ' they think that it Should bo non- denomina- tional, and,'so far as1 the 8tato is concera'ed, ' secular; leaving it'to local authorities to maintain Christian miluence over tho schools, and make reasonable arrangements for in- ' btruction in scriptural knowledge The com mitttce are sure that the , members of the) ' Presbyterian Church gonerally aro1 as much impressed now as over with tho supremo împoitance of religious knowledge as the' first olement of education, but they do not believe that religious knowledgo can bo im- ' parted by arty state machinery, nor that the churches as such can attend to it in schools not under their control ; and as it is both hopeless and undesirable at this stage to look for the re-establishment of a denomina- tional system,, the committee think that ' the' General Assembly should anew avow its' ad 'besion to a system of public education which the state should superintend, so far as secular instruction is concerned, and which leaves to parents (or their representatives on local committees) all questions regarding tho ruli , gioUs character or the teachers, as iyell as'tho nature and amount of the religious instruc- tion to bo given in tho'schools.__ A consider- able discussion took place, in which various I opinions were expressed, not all agreeing with tho report, and ttho question was ultimately ^submitted to the (Sittings of the commission 'in May for special consideration. Tho As- sembly adopted an act of union ,with tup Tasmanian Church, which has long been in a languishing condition. The action' of the ' business committee in obtaining railway 'passe8,at .reduced fares for country momberst of tho assembly was sovoroly criticisod, bub, on explanation being m ado, that the conces- sion was not made specially to oho donotnina-, ^ion, but rather as an arrangement advan 'tageoui to the state, tho censuro was generally, withdrawn, ' though a ' strong dishko was expressed to the wholo proceeding. The Rev. J. 'W. 'Lawson, who had boon under sentence of Jsusponsipn,' was accordod per1-' mission to ministdr under tho supervision of tho Presbytery of Gipps Land until the, commission sat in May, with ' a view to his being restoicd, in the event of tho pros bjtery reporting favouiably on him. and an appeal of the Rev. P. Rae, of Goolong, against a decision' of the commission, sus- pending him for two months, was dismissed, tho decision being affirmed. Tho Rev. J. Manby, formerly of the Baptist aild Congre- gational churches, applied for admission as a minister. He was objected to on tho ground of personal unfitness (no aspersion being made on his character, however), and on the score of imprudonco and instability of cha iacter as ' to doctrinal views. On'a' voto . being token, ' he was admitted by a majo- ' rity'of one.1 The reports from tho various missions (principally those of t tho Now Hebrides, and to the Chiucso and Aborigines of this colony) were of a very encouraging character. A featuro of tho proceedings was tho submission of'an overture on ministerial deportment, called forth by the recent scandal in tlio Baptist Church. For tho preservation of ministerial probity it was agreed that the presbyteries should meet once a year for mutual conference and prayer, with special rofcrenco to social shortcomings, MEAT-PRESERVING. Nothing now has transpired within the last four weeks with reference to this ques- tion, so important alike to this colony and tho mother country.'. The Holbourne com '¿any, 'satisfied with tho energy of its managor, and content with tho success which has in- variably attended its evory oxporimont. goes smoothly or), keeping its employés iii full work for tho supply of largo orders already on hand and i others yet expected. Still, it does not appear that we havo reached tho acme of perfection, for wo observo that two gentlemen from America havo applied for patents "for improvements in presoiving meat and other 'animal matters." Thoy aro named Charles Edward Richardson and Gcorgo Thatchor* Waterman, and both hail frota tho City of BostoiÜ Mr. Charles Manton, of Mantua, Boroondara, gentleman, also believes that ho ' has discovered an original method of ah- ' complishing the dcsiicd end, and so applies' fpr a patent "for an! Invention for tho pre- sen tttion of beef, mutton', or, othor animal food, in a fresh state." . Nono of these movements aro to bo, for a moment rogrotted. While wo have extensivo "boiling-dofon estab- lishments in every part of this colony, at the ' same timo that tho labouring man at home is unablo to enjoy a meat dinner more than once or'twióo a week, it ÍB obviously desirable that some means should bo devised for hang- ing about a more equal distribution of such a necessary element in tho world's dietary/ It is ¡by'no means boyorid possibility that a far moro efficient and,, inexpensive mode of meat-preservation tnay yet bo dove loped than'that at'present in voguo, as the result of which far-off countries shall look to this as their chief supply of one of life's greatest necessities. It is worthy of remark that tho agitation of this very subject is likely to bo productive of great benefit to tho colony itself. The attention of certain ontorprising men lias'been directed to the uncertainty or tho supply of fish to our larger towns, and cue of them (Mr, W. Anderson) has initiated a schemo lor sending out fish prosorvod in hermetically-scaled tins, which uids fair ta prove highly successful. In recent trials the article has turned out perfectly sweot and nutritious,' possessing moro ilavour and character than any exported from England. Tho process 'by which this end is. secured is said to bo equally applicable to game, and to that class of food it is'Mr. Anderson's in- tention at once to extend his operations. The results of an experiment with the bi- sulphite of lime have heon reported during;1 tho month. Tbo meat was sh ippod by Messrs. Kctp and Perry, of Melbourne. The oasks >\cro opened in'London, and tho lotter re- garding them says' :- ' .' "Al-Caskof wattlbstavo8, and containing 3001b. mutton.-Tlio meat was steeped in con- centrated bi-sulphitoofliinoforty-fivominutos. After being headed up, a pint of tho " hi" was poured in at the bung-horn, tim thermometer standing at 40°. This cask was opened Sep- tember 30, and cooked October 6. The odour was good; colour, quite natural in parts; structure, perfect ; and whon cooked, was quito satisfactory, and of good flavour. "B3.-Cask of wattle wood; contents as lost.-Steeped thirty minutes, and filled up with a preservative mixture, threoparts being brine ; thermometer>46°. 4 Tho odour was ;ood ; colour, much.; darkened ; strucfcuro. bre much contracted; When cooked (boiled) was really excellent.' " E 4.-Cask of oak, containing 1001b. beef. -Steeped and treated as "B 3. Thermometer, C3" ; odour, good ; structure, darkened, but natural in places; as roosted, it was too tender ; better as boiled ; and very good as stewed." > > r These casks of meat wore, to all intents arid purposes, an experimental lot When the particulars of the shipment in question were forwarded to England the consignees, although possessing a well-groanded know- ledge of the preservative powers of the " bi," held out no hopes that under the Victorian mode of treatment any one of the casks, or even joints, would arrive in a sound condi- tion, 'from a less rraantityof the liquid having been used than' is now advised m the pa- tentee's instructions for use. Messrs. Bailey (patentee), Scott, and a large number of gen- tlemen, ' opened tho casks in London Docks, and from the "absurdly small"quantity of "bi" used, fully anticipated that all would turn . out in a decomposed state. This waa not'the 'case, however, for three of the'casks -two mutton and one beef-opened in as sound a condition as could be wished ; and in reference to ono of the legs a gentleman writes :-"You will be pleased to hear that I dined to-day from a les of the presorved mut- ton from cask 'Al,'and found it excellent, perfectly free from taint, and of good flavour." This letter bears date October 7, being just seven days after the cask was opened. Mr. Scott, a well-known dealer, of Lon- don; writes thus:-" I have examined the various samples of meat sent to this country ex Lincolnshire, from Melbourne. The results havo cortainly proved for moro favourable than I had anticipated from the manner in which it was put np, and the very small quantity of your preservative em- ployed-a quantity quite disproportioned to that of the meat In spite of such unpromis- ing premises, tho contents of three of the casks were found not only undecomposed, . but very eatable, their tenderness and flavour being unexceptionable, while, in my opinion, the only injury this meat (Nos. 1, 3, and 4) badi sustained has been that for which the bruising it has undergone is solely responsible. I have distributed cooked portions of No. 3 mutton amongst fourteen different persons (after having mysolf entirely'dined from the same) of various classes, and have given dinner to several-servants, labourers, &c.; without their having entertained tho slightest suspicion that they had been eating other than fresh meat." THE TAYLOR SCANDAL. We shall hear no more, for a time at least, of tho scandal in which the Rev. James Tay- lor, late minister of the Collins-street Baptist Church, was chiefly concerned. Ameeting of the members of tho church was recently held for the purpose of dealing with tho culprit, when the following resolution was moved : "That the resolution arrived at at the meet- ing held on tho 21st September lost, accept- ing Mr. Taylor's resignation as pastor of this church, be rescinded, and that, .as he has been shown by his own confession to have, been guilty of gross immorality, ox tending over a period of years, ho be ex- pelled from the church." Upon this an amendment was moved as follows :-" That Mr. James Taylor, lato pastor, being still on the roll of memberB of this church, has been guilty of gross immorality over a period of years, thereby bringing dispraco on this church and on the cause of religion generally, and that this church, in meeting assembled, desires to place on record its deep abhorrence of his conduct, and hereby separates bim from its fellowship." This was carried, but two further amendments were proposed, the latter of which was adopted in place of that already carried, as follows :-"That as Mr. Taylor's partner in guilt was at the last church meeting separated from this church, he also bo so separated." Thus tho matter ends, so far as the church is concerned, but it is under- stood that tho matter will be further investi- gated in a court of law. Mr. Taylor has since disposed of his property here, and proceeded with his family to Tasmania. , ' FRIGHTFUL MURDERS. Two murders, committed under circum- stances which have caused them to excite moro than an ordinary amount of sonsa ti on in the localities whero they occurred, have recently been perpetrated. Last month the cold-blooded murdor of tbo mailman Laugh- ton, by a publican named Brown, in Gipps Land, was recorded, and the same district has now been tho scene of antill moro, tragic occurrence. 1 ho criminal in this caso, who escapod the consequences of his crime by drowning himself, was a man named Cuddihy, who shot his wife and a man whom ho sus- pected of being her paramour, on the road between Stratford and Sale. The man was killed almost instantaneously, but tho woman, though severely injured, is expected to recover. It appears that tho murdered man, whoso name was Croft, and Cuddihy's wife, who hqd been separated from her husband for somo time, were returning in a spring cart from Stratford to Salo, and wero obliged during tho journey to pos3 Cud- dihy's house. Shortly after one o'clock, Cud- dihy, while on horseback at his own door, observed them returning, and followod tho wehiclc. After a short altercation with his ?wifo, ho fired threo shots !;from pistols with which ho was prepared, when Croft, who was struck, fell from his seat and droppod the reins. The horso took fright and bolted, both Croft and the woman being thrown out. Croft endeavoured to escape by running in tho direction of, Stratford, but Cuddihy mounted his horso and soon overtook his victim, whom he attacked with brutal fero- city. Dismounting from his horse, ho com- menced stabbing the wounded man with a pocket-knife, and not satisfied that the wounds he had inflicted were sufficient to kill his victim, he cut his throat from ear to ear, besides smashing in his skull with the butta of the pistols. Having thus despatched ono victim, he remounted and proceeded after tho wifo, who was running along tho road and screaming for assistance. The pursuit was soon over. Having overtaken the poor woman; he caught her by tho hair of tbo head, and with a clasp knife stabbed her in a frightful manner in the region of the jugular vein, tho back of the neck, and other ports of the body, and left her, as ho sup- posed, a corpse. Alad named Michael Crowo was witness of tho affair, and gave informa- tion to the pohco. When thoy arrived on the sccno a horriblo sight was presented. First was discovered tho man Croft, so fright- fully mangled and mutilated that scarcoly a feature could bo recognised, i One arm was broken, the throat presented a frightful gosh, tho skull was smashed in with t repeated blous, a pistol-shot had gano through the arm, scarcely a rib was left .whole, and thp body was otherwiso horribly bruisoa, con- tused, .and lacerated.. About three or four hundred yards further on the road towards Sale lay the woman Cuddihy, weltering in a pool of blood, but still breathing. The doc- tors finding, upon examination, that the jugular had' not been injured, and that, although stabbed fearfully in several places, there was still a chance of hor roco very( hound up her wounds, and, having administered stimulants, had her con- veyed at onco to tho hospital, whoro she has since remained. On intelligence of tho murdor reaching Stratford tho inhabi- tants turned out to a man ia search of tho murderer. Having scoured the country for several miles in various directions. Con- stable Feeley and Mr. Murdoch, after a .search of an hour or two, carno upon tho body of Cuddihy, which was found at tho bottom of a waterhole, some Hftoon ,fcot in depth. It is believed that Cuddihy's suspi .cions of his wife's honest, which led him to commit ' this fearful crime, were entirely without | foundation, and that her relations with Croft wera morely of a friendly and proper nature. A few days after this tragedy took placo a murder was committed at Hamilton, which was quite as cruel, and still moro unpro- voked.. The victim in,this case was Sor gcant Hull, tho officer in chargo of the 'polico, who was, shoÁt in a most cold-blooded mannor by a discharged constable ; It seoms that a constable named Michael Flannigan, who had been reported for frequont, acts of drunkon ness, had that morning received his dismissal ; and, as a matter of course, was required to hand over his " kit" to tho sergeant in charge. At about half-past two o'clock Flannigan, with a revolver in his hand, approached Huli (near whom was standing Constable Conway), saying, " Here's tho revolver ¡you'd bettor take it, and seo if it's clean." Hull moved from his house towards tho fen co,' accompanied by Conway : Flannigan approached, and when within about threo or four paces, raised tho revolver, and deliberately fired tho contents of two barrels into the sergeant's left sido. Hull staggered alittie, placcdnis hand to thowound, and going into the house, lay down on a sofa. In the meanwhile Conway, with admirable presence of mind and no little determination, rushed at Flannigan, seized the rovolver by the muzzle, and attempted to wrest it from his hand, but without success, until his cries of "murder'-i brought the watchhouso-koeper " to his assistance, i The weapon1 was then token from the hand of the assassin,, who, with no little difficulty, was securely lodged -in the lock-up. There seems very little doubt that his intention was to shoot Conway also. Hull was found to bo mortally wounded. Ho knew that his end was come, and ho devoted his lost moments of consciousness to offering up prayers. Ho said, "It's very hard to die." Some one remarked that there was very little blood coming from the-wound, when the poor feUow added, "Yes, that's the worst of lit ¡ it's all going inside." Before he breathed his last he said he forgave Flannigan and .all his- enemies. Ho died within half an. 'hour after receiving the wound, and seemed at the last to suffor little pain. At the coroner's inquest, tho jury returned a verdict of "wilful murder" against Flannigan, who was committed for trial. DEATH OF MR. AMBROSE KYTE. , Mr. Ambroso Kyto, who for some years had occupied a prominent position in Mel- bourne, died on tho 16th November, after an illness of some weeks' duration. The deceased gentleman was one of the most remarkable instances of success which even Victoria affords. Bora in the year 1822 at Nenogh, in Tipperary, he emigrated to this colony in!840, whenonly eighteen yearsof age. Commencing with very humble employment; he, by careful and economical habits," ma- naged in 1845 to open a hay and corn store in Bourke-street, and gradually extended his business so as to include general merchandise. He soon was enabled to acquire some land and house property, and erected many houses and shops on freehold and lease- hold ground. As his property of this kind increased his income from house-rent bocame considerable, and in 1857 ho retired from mercantile business altogether. At this time his rent-roll amounted to about £15,000 per annum. Mr. Kyte in these years decided to offer prizes for the encouragement pf various branches of agriculture, and, with the consent of the proprietors of this journal, ho gave several annual gold cups, valued at £100 each, called The Argus prize cups, to tho per- son who was found to have dono most to introduce the culture of tho vino in the colony, rendered the greatest sorvico to the causo of acclimatisation, or most successfully applied machinery to agriculture, these being the conditions in different years. Mr. Kyte, in these donations, and also in his munificent gift of £1,000 to the Exploration Fund, for fitting out a Victorian expedition for crossing the Australian continent, and in his equally liberal offer of £1,000 for the discovery of a remunerative gold-field in Gipps Land, kept his name concealed. Other very generous donations were made by bim to public objects about this time. In 1861, Mr. Kyto ontered the Legislative Assembly as member for East Melbourne, and subsequently sat as member for Richmond. Without being distinguished for any powers of oratory, no lent useful support to the policy of the Heales Ministry, and subsequently to that of Mr. M'Culloch, throughout the long struggle on tho Darling grant. He ceased to sit in Parliament on tho last dissolution. After that time pocuniary matters were not so nourishing with Mr. Kyto, and at tho time of his death his pro Eerty was seriously ombarrassed with enoum rances, occasioned by unfortunate specu- lations. It is believed that harassing cares connected with these altered circumstances had much to do with the disease which brought his life to an end at a com- paratively early age. Mr. Kyte, although a shrewd and strict man of business, was of very liberal disposition, and besides perform- ing many acts of nrivato charity known only within a limited circle, ho distinguished him- self, as we have related, by making several munificent donations to stimulate useful enterprise and advance the interests of the country in which his wealth had been won. JUMPING A MINING CLAIM. An attempt to ' ' jump" the claim of tho Now North Clunes Company, at Clunes, occurred on tho 12th ult. The rich yields from this mine of late hare naturally oxcited the cupidity of the jumping fraternity, whose right to test the title of raining and other companies, however legal and justifiable, must at least in this case be greatly deprecated. Few other companies have had so many difficulties and discouragements to contend with, and nonehascxhibitedsuch determined resolution to persevere until their anticipations were realised, and that to an extent the most san- guine could hardly have hoped for, and it would bo most prejudicial to the full develop- ment of the mining resources of the country, if, through any mere technical informality, the labour of years, and an immense expen- diture of capital, as in this case, wero to go to benefit a class of men who, as a rule, cannot beregarded as tho most ns efulmombors of tho community. It appears that at Clunes, on themorning of the day in question, Mr. John Black, a gentleman well known on Ballarat, accompanied by a friend, had engaged the sen ices of Mr. Stevenson, the distnet sur- veyor, to survey a portion of the New North Clunes claim preparatory to its being " jumped." Their operations were, howovor, interrupted by a number of men working in tho adjacent mines, and who, being evidently awaro of the object for which the survey was to bemnde, showed a disposition toproventit, and by force if necessary. The surveyor, seeing there was nothing else for it, desisted, ?whereupon Mr Black was seized-his friend, believing discretion preforable to a display of valour, having cleared off-and having been subjected to very rough handling by tho mob, it was suggested by one of thom that they should strip, tar, and feather him. This pro- position would undoubtedly have beon car-, ried into effect but for tho intercession of one of Black's friends, who, having hoard of what was likely to be the result of Mr, Black's temerity, hastened, from Ballarat to the sceno to prevent any outrage. By earnestly appealing to the crowd, ho succeeded to some extent in in- ducing them to relinquish their design, but not before his head, faco, and beaid wero plentifully besmeared with coal tar, was Mr. Black allowed to tako his departure, whioh ho did, amidst the derisivo shouts of the people assembled from all parts of the locality. So strong was the animus prevailing in the town that notwithstanding Black's pitiablo plight, he Was denied shelter in every hotel at which ' ho presented himself, and ho had ultimately to seek tho protection of the police, who aftor a time succeeded in procuring a vehicle to convoy him from the sceno of his discomß ture. Tho affair, it seems, is likely to be ventilated in the law courts. Tho mine, to jump which this attempt was made, is a qoartz mine, the lodo in which was reached at a great depth. DEATHS IN THE MELBOURNE HOS PITAL. The following persons—being immigrants —died at the Melbourne Hospital during the four weeks ending December 3rd. Their pro- fessions, together with such other particulars as could bo obtained concerning their arrival, are given for the purposes of identification :— Barrett, John, 33, minor, native of Corn- wall, arrived in 1857 by tho ship Marco Polo ; disease of the heart. Blackmore, William, 45, labourer, native of Warwickshire, arrivoa in 1858 by the ship Chancellor ; abscess in the thigh. Campbell, John, 46, engineer, native of, Scotland, arrived in 1853 by the ship; Sir Harry Hardinge ; disease of the liver. Cum- mings, Edward, 40, bootmaker, native of Dublin, arrived in 1851 by tho ship Blenheim; aneurism of aorta. Darlington, Louisa, 45, native of Manches- ter, arrived in 1854 by the ship Albatross ; cirrhosis of the liver. Duckfield, Susan, 24, native of London, arrived in 1868 by the ship Queen of the North ; consumption. Kelly, William, 58, clerk, native of Dublin, arrived in 1859 by the ship Marco Polo ; exhaustion. O'Gorman, Mary, 25, native of Ireland, arrived in 1865 by the ship White Star ; con- sumption. Phillips, Peter, 66, quarryman, native of Yorkshire, arrived in 1829 by the ship Surrey ; pleurisy. Ross, Dominic, 22, cook, native of the Cape Verde Islands, arrived in 1866 by the ship Wil- liam Leverett ; consumption. Smith, William, 26, seaman, native of Ire- land, arrived in 1857 by the ship Refuge, of Liverpool ; pleuro-pneumonia. Stevens, Wil- liam, 27, steward, native of London, arrived in 1857 by the ship Maldon ; typhoid fever. Wanklyn, William, 34, splitter, a native of Manchester, who arrived in 1859 by the ship Essex ; disease of the heart. Wilmott, Annie, 32, a native of Ireland, arrived in 1857 by the ship Fortitude ; strunis. Wining, Margaret, 49, a native of Scotland, arrived in 1852 by the ship Blanc ; hœmatemesis. Zephlin, Alice, 17, a native of London, arrived in 1859 by the ship Black Swan ; con- gestion of the brain. AGRICULTURE. t The hay harvest is now weHadvanced, and reaping has commenced in the early districts. , Asusuol, there arecomplaints of partial failure, but these are from bad farmers, .or from the holders of badly-treated land,-and the'gbnerol averago of the crops will be good. Tho yield «f hay is poor about Melbourne, in conse- quent» of the early part of thespring fiavirig' been so dry, but there ' is an abundance up the country, so that prices will bo moderate. Barley has been moro extensively ¡sown than usual, ,nnd the yield will be ' good. The - greatest danger to this crop is from the attacks of the caterpillar, but little harm has been so done this year. The yield of wheat will be almost everywhere good. A few fields here and there have been blighted, and cut for hay, but there is no Tust, and the average of most districts will be from eighteen to twenty bushels to tho acre-a good yiold with the rough fanning of this .country, and one that will give us a full supply of breadstuffs, if not much more than enough for the year's consumption. Cats are light in. most places,. and' tho-spread of take- all will much reduce the average of this grain. Various remedies for this disease' are suggested, but they foil one of ten another or are proved to be inappropriate, and we are still in the dark as to its nature or as to how it is to be prevented. The Board of Agri- culture has offered a premium of £50 for the best practical essay on the subject, but such, an offer is not likely to add much to our infor- mation, for absolutelynothing is known about the disease except that it appears on old land and new, on manured and unmanured, on rich and poor land, and that should it once become established in the ground, nothing, so far as our knowledgo yet goes, will banish, it except a fallow or a change of crop. And for tho chance of securing such a premium, it will ¡not be worth while to undertake any special or fresh investigations. In South Aus- tralia this disease has done comparatively little harm this year, nor is there any rust to signify, so the yield of wheat will be abundant there, and wemay expectlowprices soon. What these may be likely to rule at after the har- vest has been gathered in over the Australian colonies will depend much on prices in Europo, for there can bo no doubt of our having a considerable surplus for exportation, But it would have been far otherwise had the drought with which we were threatened in early spring continued. Since the weather first broke decidedly a week has not passed without showers of rain, and these have brought on the crops, besides giving an abun- dance of grass for tho stocks in all ex- cept distant parts of the adjoining colonies, Thus the sheep in Victoria aro mostly in good condition, and the boiling-down establish- ments are at full work. Much of tho wool has arrived in town, but the low prices aro very disheartening to bad managers. Receiv- ing only Id. or 2d. a pound for locks and pieces, and 3d. or 4d. a pound for fleece wool in the grease, they will not get enough to pay expenses. In fact, much of the low-class and badly- got-up wool is to be left on the dis- tant stations, for, with present prices here and at Sydney, it will not pay the cost of carriage to market But these low, prices will have one good effect thal of improving very much the character oi many,of our flocks; for it is now plain that nono but the best sheep can bo kepi with any chance of profit Before the fall numbers had value, and the mostinferioi flocks were increased, iwith the viow ol stocking up the wido extent of back country but now many of these samo sheep will or killed, or abandoned to their fate, as no worth the .tending. Even good wool, too must . bo well got np to leave a margir to cover oxpenses from these distant stations Thus, hard necessity will compel us to d( what we can towards preventing a glut o heavy and inferior wool in the Englisl market The spring shows are now over foi this year, and without the attempt to holt one at cither Melbourne or Sandhurst. Th Board of Agriculture has applied to the Go vemment for aid in having a bill drafted ti replace the act under which this body is not constituted : but as the proposed remodellin; of the board is more apparent than real, it i doubtful yet if this aid be afforded, or, if th bill be drafted, whether or no the Assembl can be induced to pass it, und ao continu the existence of a hoard which has dono a little. _ THE GOLD-FIELDS. There aro just now two now rushes dividin, the attention of the floating population of th gold-fields, which bid fair to become of suffi cient importance to make a mark in the min ing history of Victoria, if not a new ora ii her gold-producing capabilities. The first i the Berlin rush near Inglewood, where som extraordinarily rich ground has been hi upon. The yield of nuggets has been some thing wholly unprecedented, and the have beon showered so thick and fas on the lucky diggers that anythin under a pound weight is said to hav become unworthy of moro than mer passing attention. The unearthing of n less than eight nuggets in Gilmore's Gull; varying in weight irom ten ounces to sever teen pounds, was recently recorded, and " tb cry is still they come." The lost nuggt turned up at Berlin weighed forty-tw pounds. A more important rush, howovei is that to Spring Creek, M'lvor districl though there appears to be no probability c its turning out a rich field. But what is c much more consequence, thore is every likel hoodjof its proving a permanent and extensiv poor man's diggings, capable of giving r< numerativo employment to a large populi tion for many years. It is thought that tb introduction of a large mining population t this locality will lead to the opening up of th Goulburn valley, which has been proved to t .auriferous at various points, though it ht never been fairly prospected, and should tb sanguine expectations entertained in th: regard tura out correct, tho establishmot of a new gold- field of almost illimitable e: tent may bo the result Tho Spring Cree rush has at present a population of upwarc of 3,000, and a township, thostreets for whic have already been survoyed, is rapidly sprini ing up. The ground covered by tho miner including those who are shepherding and pro pecting, is about Ave miles in length. Tim miles of ground are being worked, and a mi and a half is payable. The lead is continuo! for a mile, but it was lost for four or iii days, and there was an apparent break, bl it ' was [found again, and the heaviest rus went to the south-east The workings a extending towards Major's Creek, and wi probably follow its course. The character r the ground is very similar to that of Epso and Huntly, and there can be little doub from the depth of level sinking, and ti amount of lower drift through which ti gold is disseminated, that the lead a permanent ono. The sinking varies fro fifty to sixty-four feet, and is through cemerj thirty-fivo feet of gravel, and a lighter sam drift. The bottom is sandstone, and ti sandstone deposit is so much like the san stone bottom that inexperienced miners ha in several cases been misled by it. The gen ral wash is about a foot thick, but ti puddlers say they will take eighteen inch abovo that; so that for those who ha puddling-machines the washdirtwill be '¿\ 6in. thick. There aro roany instances from ¿oz. to loz. and 3oz. having bei washed to the load, and in ono or two clait it has gone over 5oz. Ou Saturday week le two adjoining claims "gave remarkably gor prospects, the quantity in .the ono case bei: loz. Sdwtttetho tin dish, and in the otb loz. Cdwt. One claim gave 13dwt. to t load right through, and lUoz. were said have been washed from two loads, but ti needs confirmation. There aro reefs in t neighbourhood which have also been prov to be auriferous, and several quartz clair are being worked with good prospects of si cess. Tho greatest disadvantage under whi the I Spring Creek diggings labour, is t scarcity of water ; the Goulburn, the only c< siderablo stream within reach, being eij miles off. Tho neighbouring creeks are mer chains of waterholes, and caro will havo he taken to conserve tho water in tho As far as can be ascertained at present < mining population on tho rush have be making fair wsges all round, and there see every reason to believe that the field will found to afford remunerativo employment a considerable population for somo years. From Dunolly we leam that a nug weighing about eight pounds in tho gross, a seventy-seven ounces net, has been found 'the Gipsy rush ; and a lucky fellow at I Whipstick diggings managet! last week unearth a numbor of nuggets weighing in fifty ounces, which he sold to tho Bank Victoria, Eaglobawk. A nuggot weighi twenty-five ounces is reported as having be found at Majorca, and another at Hepbv ?weighing fifteen ounces, i The speculative feeling which lately shovi itself in Ballarat in favour of/luartz-rriinh and tt Inch issued in the marking off, or taking up, of numerous claims around Ballaiat, Buninyong, Cresswick, Clunes, and Pleasant Creek, has led, it appears, to something like a rush to the distnet of Daylesford. Eight large claims have been taken up there within the last two or three days hy men from Bal- larat, and it was expected there that as many more would be taken up in the course of a day or two. Thistmovement may have vory wholesome results if it is not overdone. ' , New South Wales', for some time past, has vsent out Jromc time vto time rumours of'the finding of valuable lodes of silver-lead oro, but it was only this week that the discovory .was reported here of what is said to be 'a' very valuable lode of this kind, which was stumbled upon accidentally, on the lands of Mr. Honey, a vory old colonist and settler, near Sydney. Tho capitalists of that city, howover, have had no experience in ! mining, and have never shown any great I disposition to develope tho mines of thoir colony. Ead thoy been moro energetic, thoro is every reason to beliovo that tho annual produce of gold would now have been very much larger than it is. Finding no oncou iragement in Sydney to follow up his dis- covery, Mr. Honey has tried the Melbourne market. In a few days the requisite capital i for the survey of the property and the testing of the ore has been subscribed ; and in a few hours Mr. R. ManueL of Tarnagulla, whoso experience in these matters is.large, proceeds to the scene of the discovery to report to the company upon its value .and their pros- pects. ' . . , A disposition has been ovinced by some of the roving miners of this colony io try their fortune on the newly discovered gold-fields in Africa, imperfect as is tho information which up to this timo has reached us as to their real Value. A new and powerful iron three-masted schooner-the St, Kilda, which lately arrived here from Glasgow-has, bpoa placed on the berth for Natal, the nearest port to the new diggings, and she will sail for that port as soon as her complement of passengers is made up. RAILWAY RETURNS. Although tho return'of the trafilo receipts upon the Victorian railways for the week ended 26th November last does not contrast favourably, with that for tho same week of last year, it is not the less true that through- out the month the improvement recently so noticeable has continued. Last year the ar- rival of H.R1H. the Duke of Edinburgh raised the proceeds of the corresponding week's pas- senger traffic to'the exceptionally high figuro of £8,6513s. 3d., while this year they ore given at £3,684 Os, 3d.-a difference of £5,067 3s. In other matters, however, the balance is slightly in favour of the present year. Thetotalreceipts for the week amount to £11,931 13s. 2d., against £15,81819s. öd. in the corresponding week of last year; the weekly average. £11,064 7s. lid., against £10,32617s. 6d. ; and the aggregate receipts for tho forty-seven weeks, £320,026 12s. 2d., compared with £485,335 10s. 7d. up to the same period of 1867\. This favourable condition has been in some measure attributable to the issue of third-class tickets-an entirely novel expe- riment in Victoria-and the arrangement of excursion trains to various attractive points in tho colony. The authorities have signified their intention of following up this system by giving increased facilities for Christmas and New Year's visitings, by issuing excursion tickets at reduced rates. The same cause which so largely influenced the passenger traffic upon the Victorian Rail- ways at this time last year, operated, in a less degree, upon that of the Melbourne and Hob son's Bay Railway. For tho week ending November 28, 1867, the receipts from this source reached £3,70416s. 4d., while for that ending on tho 26th of last month they wero only £1,26017s. 10d.-a difference of £2,443 18s. 6d, But in the present year the receipts for carriage of merchandise during the week exceed those of 1S67 by £925 5s. 9d. Tho weekly averngo, therefore, stands thus : £2,386 5s. 6d. as against £2,30319s. 2d. in the corresponding week of last year. The total receipts for the week were £2,627 12s. 9d. against £4,13116s. 7d. ; whilo the aggregato receipts from the 1st July have been £50,793 11s. 6d., as compared with £49,656 12s. up to the same date of last year. It is evident from this, that the united company share in the improved condition and prospects ali cady noticed in connexion with the Government lines. _ LABOUR MARKET. ' During the past month there has been but little change in the aspect of our labour market, save in the smaller demand for male servante. This may be explained by tho fact that the clipping season carried so many mon up-country, that most localities are just now able to supply their own wants. Haymaking is now general, however, and men disposed to that kind of work are readily engaged at 4s. to 4s. 6d. per acre,' or 20s. per week, with rations. In a few days a much moro brisk demand for male labour will have set in, as the harvest is impending; and whore any special causo has drawn off the local supply, the want of men will be greatly felt. A largo proprietor in the Lake Cooper district, for instance, writes thus, underdale Decembers : -"1 shall comment» cutting wheat on Wednesday next if I can get hands sufficient for binding. There is great scarcity of labour here at present, all the men having left for the Spring Creek diggings, about twenty-five miles distant. The crops have ripened during the last week much faster than they were ex- pected, and every farmer in tho district would be harvesting if he could get hands. The few men that aro left hero aro asking from 10s. to 12s. a day and rations. I am confident 200 to 300 men could procure work at 6s. per "day and their food." Female servants aro in request, and those qualified for good situations can ensure excellent wages both in town and country. Married couples, without children, are also asked for, and upon stations are paid liberal wages. Town labour Í3 improving in some of its branches, and for new in- dustries-as coopering, tin-plate working, case-making, &c.-the; complaint is that few really first-class hands can be ob- tained. Generally speaking/ last month's rate of wages may be quoted as fairly sus- tained, prices being as follows ¡-Stonemasons and bricklayers, 10s. per day; carpenters, 9s. do. ; builders' labourers, 7s. do. ; shep- herds, £30 to MO per annum ; shearers, 10s. to 17s. per 100 ; superior do., 18s. per do. ; hutkeepers, £22 per year : lads (who can milk), 12s. per week ; general farm labourers, 15s. to 20s. do. ; three- rail fencers (stuff laid on tho line), Is. 9d. to 2s. per rod ; grubbers and splitters and fencers, 4s. per rod; wood-splitters, 3s. 6d. per ton ; gardeners, 20s. to 23s. and 28s. (first-class) per week ; bush carpenters, 18s. to 20s. per week, with rations ; general carpenters undertaking bushwork, 30s. do. ; black and shoeing smiths, 30s. do. ; wheelwrights, 35s. to 40s. do. ; brickmakers, 18s. to 20s. per 1,000, with rations ; married couples, without encumbrance (first-class), from £55 to £65 per annum ; do: (second class), £45 to £55 do. ; female sorvants (good), country, £20 to £28 do. ; laundresses, £26 to £28 do. ; cooks, housemaids, '£26 do. ; nursegirls, 5s. ,to 7s., pet week. Common labour may bo quoted at 6s. to 7s. per day. SNAKE-BITE'ANTIDOTE. During the month several opportunities have been taken'ad vantage of for bringing to distinct tCBt the effect on'the human subject of a remedy advocated by Professor Halford as an antidote for snake-bite. This consists in injecting liquid ammonia into the veins of the person bitten, and Professor Halford after having tried its efficacy on some dogst con- sidered the result sufficiently encouraging to publish it asaprobablyeffectiveremody. Threo or four weeks ago a man named Seymour Smith, in tho neighbourhood of Beechworth, was bitten by a snake, and although the usual remedies were resorted to, ho appeared to be sinking and likely to die. Dr. Demp- ster, under these circumstances, ventured.to try the injection of ammonia into a vein, and the mon rallied immediately ; 'and although his sjstcm has sustained a severo sheck, he is now in a fair way to complete recotery. Lostock- theYremedy was again adopted, under the eye of Professor Halford, in the case of John Brown, tho station master of Elsternwick railway station, who «as poisoned by a snake-bite in the hand. The :oïdinaiy nunns, and even the application of galvanism, failed in effect, and symptoms of on alarming nature appeared. It was deter- mined to inject ammonia into a vein of the wrist. The effect was marvellous. In a very short time the patient became sensible, and continued gradually to improve, allsymp toms of coma disappearing. Tho manner in vhich the operation was performed was as follows-An incision was made through the skin, exposing the superficial radial vein, and the point of tho syringe . being introduced into the vein tho injection was completed. It really would appear that a very valuable and easy remedy against the fatal effects of snake- bite has been discovered. A third report of an equally successful application of tho re- medy is contained in a Newcastlo (N.S.W.) paper.| ' ,, ., (, . i r ?< r , . . . < ? I , SPORTING. The principal events of tho sporting world since our last summary have been the Castle- maine Annual Races and the Ballarat Spring Meeting. Tho former commenced on tho 25th November^but did not attract a very large attendance, The principal event of tho races, the Great Centre Handicap, was run on the first day. tf ho race was between Mr. Campbell's Phosphorus and Mr. H. Fisher's Blondín, and'-although the former named got m first, a protest was entered on the ground of a cross, and tho stakes wero ad iudged to Blondin. On the following day Phosphorus won.the Prince of Wales' Stakes, Flying Dutchman and Blondin getting in second and third. Tho Castlemaine Steeple- chase was a victory for Mr. G. "Watson's Grimalkin. ¡ f The Ballarat Spring Meeting, which lasted three days, beginning on December 3, at- tracted a great many sporting people from town and the country districts. The Ballarat Cup, of 200 so vs., with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each,1 was run for the first day, and, after one of the i finest races of the season, well contested throughout, was won by an out sider,Mr. T. ypwles s Jack, a country horse. The Hurdlo Race of 100 sovs. was won by Mr. D. Sweeney's Western, and the Corner Stakes of 100 sovs. by Mr. S. Waldook'a Beadsman. The Ballarat Handicap of 150 sovs. was the principal item in the second day's programme, and was a victory for a Tasmanian horse, Mr. Field's Strop, which won easily. The District Plate of 75 sovs. fell to Mr. W. Craig's Nimble foot ; the Selling Hurdle Raoo of 80 sovs. to an Adelaide horso, Mr. T. Cawker's Dolo ; tho SeUing Stakes to Mr. P. Glennister's Bronze work, Mr. Craig's Nimblefoot coming in first again for tho Flying Handicap. Tho pro- ceedings of the third day's racing are re- ported in another part of this paper. The Tullaroop and Talbot Spring Meeting was held on the 19th November, and the principal handicap, of 100 sovs., was a prize for Mr. Jellott's Snip. Tho Town Plate was won by Mr. Vowles's Jack; and the Hurdle Race by Mr, S. Davia's Lady Clare. A ten-mile race, welter Weights for age, was run nearly three weeks ago at Wagga Wagga, and excited some interest. It was for stakes of 300 sovs., with a sweep of 5 sovs. Twolvo horses started, and. tho race was won by Mr. H. J. Bowler's Australian, carrying list. 71b. ; timo, 23min. 35sec. The race was full of interest from start to finish, and terminated in a closer contest than is often seen in a mile and a half handicap. The winner was by an Knglish thoroughbred: and Comet, the second horse, was also of Knglish descent, ' Tho eighth annual meeting for athletic sporto, held this time under the auspices of the M.C.C., took place on the 14th Novem- ber, ou the Metropolitan Crickot-ground, in the presence of His Excellency the Governor and from 6,000 to 6,000 persons. The M.C.C. Cup, valued at ¡£69, was won by Houlahan, a Sydney runner, and the milo race by Ford. THE THEATRES. The principal'event of tho month in tho dramatic world of Melbourne has been the re-appearance, of Mr. Montgomery at tho Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, where he has been playing a brief ngagement, which ter- minated on Saturday the 5th inst. His engagements on the gold-fields and in Tas- mania will take him away from Melbourne for a time, but ho hopes to play a final engage- ment here before his return to England, where he is due in the summer of next year. A number of new pieces have been produced at this theatre under Mr. Roberta's mauogo ment, the most successful of which have been Mr. Robertson's comedy of "Ours" and tho drama "Time and the Hour."' This evening " Foul Play" is to be produced for the first time. At tho Theatre Royal, Mr. Akhurst's burlesque on The Idylls of the King, has just terminated a successful run of five weeks ; and "East Lynne," with Miss Cleve- land as the heroine, is announced for repro- duction. A now piece by a local author, Mr. Alfred Telo, taken from Charles Reado's novel of Christie Johnstone, or Hie Snow- drop of the North, was brought out the week before last It was chiefly written to give a good part to Miss Eloiso Juno, who is clever in the delineation of Scottish character, and that end was accomplished, but the drama is not of surpassing merit. Mr. Coppin, who, in his capacity of agent of the Dramatic Authors' Society, appears to occupy the position .of a sort of dra- matic Ishmael, whoso hand is against every man, failing in his attempts to in- timidate the management of the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre by threats of legal pro- ceedings for performing tho society's pieces without a licence, has at length succeeded in making Mr. Montgomery pay for Mr. Roberto's obstinacy. Just before his recent tour in the Ovens district, Mr. Montgomery played a short engagement at the Duke of Edinburgh, during which " Still Waters Run Deep" was produced twice, and "Not a Bad Judge" once. For taking part in these threo performances, Mr. Montgomery has had to t pay to Mr. Coppin, under protest, no less a , sum than £501 rather than forfeit his engage ' ments elsewhere to attend a law court, and for the special advantage of being able to play these pieces at this theatre at a reason- able prico. How Mr. Coppin will bo ablo to justify this extraordinary demand it will bo interesting and instructivo to hear, but has not yet furnished any explanation. He has himself stated in these columns that the fee for a licence to act all tho plays on the Dramatic Authors' Society's list would be, to the Duko of Edinburgh Theatre, £2 2s. per week. Mr. Roberts has been lessee of that theatre for eight weeks, so that £10 16s. would bo the amount of Mr. Coppin's claim against him, or rather moro than one fourth the charge demanded from Mr. Montgomery for three nights' perform- ance. This exploit of Mr. Coppin's cer- tainly goes far to justify Mr. Roberta's sturdy refusal to admit the legality of the Dramatic Authors' Society's jurisdiction in this colony. If such things as this can bo done under the English Copyright Act, we sincerely hopo that it will never become law in Victoria. We understand that Mr. Montgomery intends to appeal homo to .Messrs. Tom Taylor and Planchó against the preposterous charge of their agent'1 'In apologising to his friends for disappointing them by the non-production of "Still Waters Run Deep" and "Not A Bad Judge" during his last engagement, because he could not obtain the terms for those pieces from the Dramatic Author's Society's solici- tors, Mr. Montgomery published the corre- spondence which passed between Mr. Coppin and himself on the subject, and'which was of the distressingly polite character cus- tomary on such occasions. ' NOTES FROM THE SEA. TUB PANAMA MAIL SERVICE.-Tho Rakaia, which left Sydney on Wednosday last with the mails for Europe via Panama, will be the last steamer which "will leave that port in connexion with the Panama mail service. Just before starting the Rakaia was seized by some detaining creditors ; but we believe au arrangement was come to, and she was allowed to proceed on her voyage. VOLCANIC DISTURBANCE AT SEA.-A "sea- quake"- as it is called-was felt very severely off Cape Farewell on the night of the 18th ult. The brig Deva was running seven knots at the time, and it brought the ship up stationary. According to the captain's state- ment, she appeared to be running over some rough rock, and the shock to the ship was something fearful. Every one on deck was taken off his feet. Every lamp in the ship was put out, glasses all shattered to pieces, whilst every timber in the vessel appeared to be tearing asunder. The shock lasted about a minute. Two VESSELS "WANTED."-A circular has been received in this city from the office of the Board of Marine, Underwriters of San francisco. It is dated Septembor 12, 1863, and states that tho American barque Cobang, Captain Baldwin, which left Puget Sound o&ded; with lumber, bound for Callao, had not reached that port, though moro than 147 days out. She was reported to havo put in to Paita, whero the captain exchanged his deck load for provisions, and sailed, as wassupposed, for his port of destination. Tbo captain is believed by parties interested in San Fran- cisco to have run away with vessel and cargo. Tho circular also states that the'American schooner S. D. Bailoy, Captain Robbius, laden with an assorted cargo valued at about ÖO.OOOdol.', sailed from San Francisco, May 15, 1868, bound for Victoria, Vancouver s Island. The voyage is usually made in twelve to twenty days, but she had not been heard from at date, now 120 days. From circum- stances already known, it is believed that this vessel also has changed her destination. Tho circular asked assistance, should occasion offer, to arrest cithor or both of the vessels pending further instructions ¡from the San Francisco Marine Board. Robbins, tho captain of tho last-named vessel, turned up here, and, at the instanco ' of the American consul, ho was brought before the Police Court on a charge of forgery. Tho offence consisted in his having altered the inscriptions and marks of certain'packages of merchandise which formed part of the vessel's cargo, but, aftor sovoral remands were granted, the caso for the prosecution broke down, and Robbins waa discharged. COLLISION IK THE BAY.-A collision took place on tho 30th inst, between "the s.s. Alexandra and -thoviron schooner, Cleopatra. The mishap occurred near the site of'the wreck of the City of Launceston, anti the force with which the Cleopatra was struck must have beon something terrific, and had it not been for the ballast in her hold she ,would have been shorn in tw°- Tho careful manñor in which her bulkheads had been made water- tight alone prevented her from sinking im- mediately after tho collision. An inquiry into the circumstances of tho disaster has been held at the offices of the Steam Navi tion Boord, and tho certificate of the second mate of tho Alexandra has boen suspended for six months. WBECKS AT SEA.-Captain Davies, of the Offley, roports haying seen, on 7th September, in lot. 12deg. 48min. S., long. lOOdeg. 50min. E., on a reef called 'Indispensable, to tho S.W. of the S. end of St Chnstonher's Island, one of tho Solomon Group, a full-rigged ship, apparently of 500 or 600 tons. ' She was lying on her starboard bilge, a wreck, her three topgallant masts gone, her mizen and main topsails mast-headed, and her mainsail and foresail and all other canvas hanging loose. The hull of the ship was black, with a narrow whito ribbon, and she appeared to have beon recently deserted. Captain Von Breont of tho Dutch barque Nederland, which arrived in this port on the 29th ult.1, states that when in lat 7deg. 42min. N., and long. 22deg. W., ho observed in a W.S.W. direction alargo ship on firo. Orders wore instantly givon to proceed towards the burning vessel, with a view to render any needful assistance, but on coming as near alongsido as the intense heat would permit, it was ascertained that there wore no living beings on board, and, in fact, could not bo, as the vessel was all but envoloped in flames. Sho was an iron vessel, apparently from 1,100 to 1,200 tons, with a round stern and topgallant poop and forecastle, and had a white image for a figure- head. The name on the stern was illogiblo, but the word " Liverpool " could be traced with tolerable accuracy. The ship was totally dismasted, but there was no floating gear in her vicinity, nor yet any boats, and the sup- position is that those on board must have either left the ship in her boats, or else have been taken off by a passing vessel. REVIEW OF THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. , ! Thoro is not much change to noto nineo the depar- ture ol tho last mail. The money market continuos easy, and cash ia abundant. Investments aro tliWcult to find,' and although building Is going on to a great extant, many corsons seek an outlot for their accumulations in sound dlvldond-paying stocks. The moat important tha.ro operation o( tho month has been the sale by the Commercial Bank of -Australia (through Messrs. Clarke and Co., brokers) of about 0,800 snares, at £610»., bolng, JOs. promlum; this brings tho paid up capital of ,tho Bank to £200,000, and disposes of all the available unissued shares In tho bank's hands. Thora will be a good addition to reserve lund at tho mooting next month, Bank shares gono rally firm, National, Colonial, and Commercial having all Improved in value. Qas stocks firm. Insuranco not a great deal dealt in. Hobson's Bay Railway worth par, but not obtainable. Mines of all kinds are do firossod, especially tho oidor Ballarat Í entures. Tho caning towards quartz undertakings continues, although the Jemand is less fovorish than it was, and the approaching closo of tho year rendors men careless about dealing. Tho dividends due or declared during tho four weeks ending 28th November amount to £80,960. This amount consists of National Bank and NelsonOoal Company dividends, and £10,080 from mines, viz.-from sovonteen alluvial mines £20,750, and from seventeen quartz companies £10,330. De- bentures.-Victoria Government, sixes sold at 110 to 110}, and maintain this prlco voll ; thoro are no largo parcels offering, and any that como Into the markot mid takers. Melbourne Corporation Blxes wanted up to 107 ; markot firm. No other debenture securities mentioned. Small municipal loans find ready buyers. Hanks.-Ballarat Bank sold at £011s. Colonial havo risen from £7 15s. to £$, sales. Commorcial Bank havo improved, and there are ready buyers al the advance established; it is felt that tho bank's divi- dend ia at a minimum rato, and must shortly be increased. National Bank sold up to £7, having improved Irom £6 7s. Od. four weeks UKO; the prico hangs between £8 17s. Od. and £7, which is above current value in London for shares on tho English regislor. New South Wales sold about £44 ex dlv. Bank ol Victoria moved at £10 up to £40 10s. Sales of land Mortgage up to £2 8s. Gas Cumpanies.-Collingwood Oas wanted at£riOs., sellers at £7 15s., price very firm. Melbourne Qas havo boon sold at £0, and at a shilling or two less ; country gas stocks neglected. Insuranco Companies.-Aus- tralasian Flro and Marine sold at 16s., and dull at that ; Australasian Life worth 20a. ; Southern Insur- ance havo been Bold at 29s. to 30s. Od., latest sales at 80s. ; Australian Alliance are wanted as 15s. Mis- cellaneous. Compantos,-Hobson's Bay Hallway sold np io £50, ana wanted at that. Bondlgo Water- works keep about 12s. The business in mines has been generally unsatisfactory. Thoro have been moro instances of decline than of improvement. It is hoped that after the Christinas hollihi s mattors may tako a more favourable turn. There is certainly room lor improvement in a great many stocks. The decliuo in prico of loading mines such as the Consols lrom £8 15s. this day mtmh to £5 15s., or ol St. Qeorge from £5 15s. to £2 15s., indicates tho prostrate condition of the mining market. Tho latest par- ticulars as to prices will be found in tho,share list. The sales for tho week ending November 28 wero as follow :-Victoria Government Sixos, 110, HOi, 1101, 110; Ballarat Bank, £0 10s. ; Colonial Bank, £7 18s., £8 ; Commorcial Bank, £6 10s., £5 11s., £5 11s. Cd. ; iNationalBank, Holbourne register,£0-18s ,£018s. Od., £0 IDs., £0 10a.Cd., £7, and Adolaldoregister, £615s.; Hank of Victoria, Molbourno register, £40 8s. ; Land Murtgago Bank, £2 7s. ; Australasian Flro and Marine, 16t. ; Southern Imuranco, 30s., 30s. 3d. ¡ West Prim- rose Silver, £9 ; Molbourneand Hobson's Bay Railway, £60; Catherine Keel United, 0s. 3d.; Groat Ex- tended Hustler's, Bondlgo, 10s. Od. ; Hustler's Beef, Boudlgo, 14s. Od. ; Now North Clunes, £78, £77'15s. ; North Hustler's, CB., 0S. 3d. ; Royal Standard, Black Blvor, 17s., 18s. ; Shamrock, Strlngort, 22s. Od. ; St. Mungo, Bendigo, 2s. 9d , 2s. 8d., 2a. lOd. ; Barb Promoters, £13, £13 10s., £11; Black Horse, Egerton, £18, £1610s. ; London and Australian, paid up, 80s. 6d., 37s. 6d., 12s., 12s. Gd., 43s. ; Worth Clunes Consols, £5 Es., £5 7s. Cd., £6 10s., £6 12s. Od., £6 10s., £S 17s. Od., £5 18s. Od., £8, £6 16s., £5 17s., £5 IBs. Cd., £518s. 6d , £0, on terms at £0 2s. 6d. ; Queen Victoria Quartz, Canadians, £113s., £2, £2 2s., £2 68 , £2 7s. Od., £2 10a., £2 12s. Od., £2 5B., '£2 7s. Od., £2 0s. Cd., £2 8s.'Od., £2 17s. Bd., £2 Ils., £2 15s., £2 15s., £2 13s., £2 16s.,' £3, £3 5s. J Surprise Promotors, £¿7 ; Tubal Cain, £410s. ; White Horse, £2 10s., £2 4s., £2 5s. ; Victoria, Gordon's, £3 10«., £3 5s. ; Band and Albion Consols, (M ) £0 Cs., £6 10s., £7 5s., £7 7s. 6d., £7 10s, (ru.) £7, £7 is. Cd., £7 3s. Od., £7 4a., £7 6s , £7 7s. Gd., £7 lus, on terms, AV.) £7, £7 2s. Od., (To) £7, £6 17s. Cd., (F) £7, (S.) £0 16s. ; Bonshaw Freehold, £163 6s,, £155, £160; Break-o'-Day £8 Is. Od., £8 Os. Cd. ; Koh-i-noor, £13 5s., £13 flOa., £13 15». ; Magnum Bonum (Maryborough), £15 10s. ; Now Don, 20s., 21s,, 19s. Od. ; Park, (W.), £8 8s., £0 12s. Od., £0 10s., £6 10s. Od., £6 16s., (Th.) £0 17s., £i 16s., (F.) £017s. Od , £7 Is., (S.) £0 lfls., £7 ; .Now Buninyong, £13s. Od. ; St. George and Band of Hope, £318»., £1 cuni dir.,and ex dir. at £310s., £3133., £310s , £3 8s., £3 8s. Gd , £3 7s. Gd., £3 Os., £3 Sa. : Working Miners', £1 18s. Gd. ; AU.Saints', at £1, £ï 10s. ; Great Northern Junction, £18 17s. 6d., £19 : Great extended Eldorado,£2 19}. ; Great North-West, 21B. Cd., 22s., 26s. ; Inkermann and Durham, £3 3s, Od., £3 5s, £3; Lady Sutton, Chiltern, 8s. ; Ladyol tho Lako (préfèrent), 13s. Cd. ; ¡New Holland, Avoca (Tu ) £5 2a. Od., £6 6s., (W.) £5 2s.'Gd., (Th.) £5 Ú Cd , £5 Ss. Od., £6 8s. 6d., £5 7s. Od., £5 9s., (F.) £f 7s. Od., £510s.,£6 Ils. Od. terms ; Hand and Band, £( 16s. ; United ÜvcnB, £4 17s. 6d. The dividends dui or declared since our last mail report havo boen foi week ending November 7:-Batioual Bank of Aus tralttsia at rato (with bonus) of 12} per cent, por annum ; Nelson Coal Company, 6s. per shard ; Gooc Hope Tunnelling, 10s. per l.äUOtli ; Nelson, Maldon £210s. per 620rii ; United Albion and Prlnco of Wales 6s. per 0,448th. For week ending Novotnbor 14. Atlas, Springdallah, 5s. per 1,408th; Ballarat Freo hold, 7e. Cd. per 8,000th ; Band and Albion Consols Ballarat, 5s. per 22,600th; Bonshaw Freehold, £ per 3,800th; Johnson's Reef Gold Mines, Gd. po 10,678rd; Magnum Bonum, Maryborough, 10s. pe: 460th; Young Chum, Bendigo, Gd. per 20,000tb For week ending November 21.-Nelson Coal Oom pany, 6s. per share ; Albert, Maldon, 2s. per 2,400th Alliance, Bendigo, Od. per 22.600th; Alt Nations Matlock, 6«. por 1,0001h ; Break-o'-Day, llokowood lus. per 3,000th; Christmas Boot, 3d. por 20,000t! (î) ; Golden Horn, 10s. per 2,600th ; Groat Webster street Freehold, 4a per B.OOOth ; Koh-i-noor, Ballarat 6s. per 3,200th ; Leviathan, Black Rivor, 10s. po 2,000th ; Lever Huntly Deep Lead. 7s, Gd. per 000th Nelsou, Maldon, £1 10s. por 520th; Pork, Ballarat 8s per 12,800th ; St. Qoorge and Band ot Hope, Bal larat, 5s. por 0,000th ; Sir John Franklin (quartz), 2s Cd. per 2,400th ; Sparrowhawk, Bendigo, < Od. pe 20,000th; Walhalla, £b' per 600th. For wool eirdlng November 28.-Albion, Steiglitz, 10s. pe 2,20Cth ; Clunes Company, Clunes, 9s, per 2,000th Hope Company, Wood's Point, 6s. per 12,000th Koh-i-noor, Ballarat, 6s. per 3,200ui ; Magnus Bonum, Maryborough, 6B. por 400th ; Nei North Clunes. Clunes, £2, per 2,050tu ; Spottjsh an Cornish, Ballarat, 10s. per 1,032nd. The Ben digo yields havo boon (omitting those undo twonty-flve ounces), for week ending November 14. bparrowhawk, 5Goz. ; Duke of Edinburgh Coinpan (Maning), 630Z. ; Bonattl and ' Company,' 'lOoz Golden Gully (tributo), 80oz. ; Bollevuo Keel (tribut 26 tons), 8loz. ; Kllosmero, 42oz. : O. O. Compon (Now Chum), SOoz.; Prlnco Alfred (tributo.iKaugaro Flat, 20 tons), 632oz. ; Lower Huntley loep Lead Corr, irany, ll&oz.; ; Peritct Cure (Robinson Crusoe), 71oz. Johnson's Reef, Oloz. ; , Alliance, 80oz. ;> Victor! 1Uel Quartz-mining Company, 245oz. ; Nil , Dei pcrandum (Raywood), HOoz. For tho week one ing Novombor 21.-Frederick tho Great, Sebai tlon, 64oz. ; Morning Light, 62oz. ; Bllesmoi Company,' 43or. ; Mackinnon and Co.,.B!g-biI Sloz. ; Harper and Co., 48oz. ; Young Chum, G2oz, North Whip Tribute, 26oz. ; JohbBoii's Reef Gol Mines, HOoz. ; Comet Company, Slot; Victoria Roi Onijiany, 320oz. ; CaUioiine Reef United, 143oz. Georgo Elliott (Whip Reef), GOoz. ; Goorgo Ellio' (Jersey Reef), 25oz. ; North Johnson, OOoz. The fo lowing are tho principal Ballarat and district yietc since last mail ;-Band ot Hope and Albion Consol 4,0G7oz. ; Buninyong New, 195oz. ; Broak-o'-Da; 784oz.; Bonshaw, l,842oz. ; Great Golf, '859oz Great Northern Junction, 210oz. ; Hand and. Ban CICoz. ; Koh-i-noor, l,234oz ; Leviathan, 331uz. ; Ne Nelson, 3260Z. ; Park, l,952oz. ; Scottish and Cornisl 1,26701. ; Speculator, 129oz. ; St. George, and Band < Hops United, l,361oz. ; Working Miners'; 854oz United Albion and Prlnco of Wales, 435oz. ; Po Phillip, 1.9820Z. ; South Clunes, lOBoz. ; New Norl Clunes, 1,4860g. ; Victoria, 413oz. ; Australasi S02OZ. Smythesdale District.-Atlas, lOToz. ;<Qold< Horn, 84GOZ. ; Golden Stream, giSoz. ; Galate 1190C J Grand Trunk, 337ot» - STOCK AND SHARE LIST. SATURDAY, DBO. C. DKBENTOItES. Closing FrlCM. & 1000000 100000 10000 22000 200000 50000 80300 135400 163300 \- 100000 20000 0000 Ylct. Qov. Blwy.'(l°cal)i 6 P0r cent. Holbourne Corporation, 0 por cont. Ballarat Water, 8 per coat... Collingwood Gas; 7 por ceint. General GOT., N.Z., 8 por cont. Molbotimo Gas, 7 per cent.. Holb. & TI. B. Unitoei, 8 por cont. Do., 7 per cent. Do., G per cent. .. .. Do., 5 per cont. Nelson (N.Z ) Gov., 8 por cent. Otago Provincial Gor.. 8 our cent. 110-111 107-108 100-108 89-01 ÖS 44210 437500 Ï00OO0 100000 640000 1000000 600000 40000 80000 24908 14090 '66000 2980 24430 200000 126000 26000 20OOO. 10260. 10000O. 40000, 100000, 5887W 17876 8000 12333 60000 20000 12000 7000 82840 U PUBMO Cour AMES. 01 Last dir. percent. per annum. JI BAHRS. 6 Bal. Bankg. (limit] ^Colonial of Austral. frCommorolal of Aua .I tralla (limited) .. 2Holb. Bank Corpo I ration (limited).. 4 National of Austral. !0,Now8outh Wales.. J(Victoria(Mol.rog. I j Do. (London reg. 2LandMortgago . | OAS COMPANIES. 7 Ballarat .. '. 6 Bendigo 5 Castlemaine 6 Colllntrw'd * Fiteroy 10 Daylesford (limited) 4-Gcolong pi} Melbourne ( JNBOHAMOE. IJ'Austral. Fire & Mar. ¿'Australasian Lito .. J Australian Alliance. J National Fire Inaur, 1 Southern Insurance 1 Victoria Lifo &Gon;, 25.VictoriaFiro&Mar.; I MISOKLLANSOUS, 6 Bendigo Waterwork 6 Gipps Lnd. StcaniN. 5 Hob BayR. Sea Bath 60'MelboumeExch'ngo 6,Ovons Waterworks, li P. Silver, St Arnaud 1 Studloy Park Bridge 20 Victorian leo 20 Warrenhoip Dlstlly. RAILWAY». SOMolb&Hob.BayUd.; ]} 6~ 10 12 10 10 Cloaiae Priceï £ 0HÏ 159a-lels stn 6J-T 44H5t 40-401 48i.-50t. 1Ó¿101 < aUi' , im1 8-st, 4-4Î 61-0. 10t;lt - i4ji-i6«.r 208-21». 15s.-lG«.l 6a.-7è«. , 808.-3 lg. 40s.-46a. 30-35 41s.-42la.' > ^ i 16-20 i 4BJ-51 MINES. DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. Closing Prices. 2000 22600 8000 4000 8200 400 ICO 240 6344 2600 4400 ÍOOO 4000 4000 2250 8200 2600 2600 600 600 4000 3000 12800 8343 0000 4032 1472 6448 2000 4800 Avoncliff Band of Hope and Albion Consols, Ballarat .. Bonshaw, Ballarat .. Break-o'-Day, Rokewood Buninyong, Buninyong Buninyong Now, Buninyong Clune» Alluvial Concordia, Daylesford Exchceiucr, Daylesford Extended Bons of Freedom, Chiltern . Golden Born, Springdallah. Golden Lake, Scareelalo Grand Trunk, Happy Valley Great Oulf, Ballarat.. Do., new issue Great Northorn, Ballarat Koh-i-noor, Ballarat.. j-Leviathan, Ballarat Lower Huntly Deep Lead Magnum Bonum, Maryboro*. New Don, Ballarat New Ballarat Freehold Park, Ballarat. Prince of Wales, Ballarat ,. St George and Band of Hope Scottish & Cornish, Ballarat. Sons of Freedom, Ballarat .. United Albion and Prlnco of Wales, Ballarat .. United Sir William Don, Bal. Unltod Working Minors', Bal. NON-DIVIDEND ALLUVIAL. 10600 4800, 6000 2500 1000 1000 2000 8600 4600 600 8000 3600 8500 6000 6000 2008 8300 3000 6400 0400 1000 All Saints', Ballarat .. Ballarat Tunnel, Deep Creek Ballarat and Clunes .. . Durham, Ballarat .. . Do., profèrent Do., new . Enflold, Durham .. . Great Éxtondod, Eldorado . Do., Contributing.. Great North-west, Ballarat Great Northern Junction .. Guiding Star, Ballarat Inkermann andDurham,Bal, Do , new Isiue New Holland, Avoca.. ) Do., now .. .. J Now Prlnco of Wales, Ballarat North Star, Ballarat.. Speculator, Ballarat.. United Hand-ln-Hand and) Band of Hope, Ballarat J United Ovens Gold and Tin, ' Eldorado Do., Contributing .. Winter's Freehold, Ballarat.. DIVIDEND QUARTZ 124 2O00O 2400 28876 20000 22000 20000 1680 . 1600 20000, 2400 7000, 840 : Alllance, Bendigo Adrunco Bendigo Agamemnon, Bendigo Ajax, Alexandra Albert Company, Alexandra Albert, Maldon Ajax, Castlemaine .. . Albion, Steiglitz Alabama, M I\ or .. . . All Nations, Matlock.. Argus, Bendigo Al CastloBeef, Wood's Pt.. Beehive, Maldon Bird's Reef. Bendigo . Black hill. Ballarat .. Break o'-Daj, Bendigo Bet Bet, Dunolly Catherine Itecf United Claim holders, Bendigo .. Do (Mining.Crushlng, Drauv mg), Bendigo Climes, Clunes Clunes United, Clunes Comet, Bendigo Costerfield, Heathcote Crinoline Pros , Don'ly's Ck. Derby, Maldon Eaglehawk Asso., Maldon Do Preference. Maldon Do. Union, Maldon .. Ellesmere, Bendigo .. Eldorado, Lyre Bird Beef Energetic, Bendigo .. Evening Star, Upper Dargo Golden Bower, Donovan's Ok. J-Grand Junction, Maldon .[ Great Britain, Bendigo Gt Extended Hustler's, Ben. Happy-go Lucky, Stringer' Creek. Havilah, Inglowood .. Hazard, Alexandra .. Hercules, Bendigo Homeward Bound, Aloxandra Hope. Wood's Point .. Hunt's, Wood a Point Hustler's Beof, Bendigo J. H. ConncsB, Upper Dargo Johnson's Beef, Bendigo Lads Barkly, Bendigo Leviathan, Black Uiver Linscott's Beef, Maldon Llanberris, Ballarat ., Malakoff, Steiglitz Morning Star (Prospecting). Wooers Point Nelson, Maldon Novor-mind ' (Prospecting), Wood's Point Now North Clunos .. Nil Desperandum, Haywood. North Gipps Land, Strlngor*s North Hustler'sHoef, Bendigo North Devonshire, Bondlgo North Johnson's, Bendigo Ophir, Inglowood ..' Prlnco of Wales, Matlock .. Royal Standard, Black River, Sparrowhawk, Bendigo Speculation, Maldon.. South Ajax, Castlemaine Sth Cnnollno Amalgamated, Donnelly's Crook South Crlnollno(new issuo)do Sir J. Franklin, Wood's Pt, St. Mungo," Bendigo .. Speclmcn-lilll, Daylesford ,. Steiglitz Unity, Inglewood .. , Victoria, Clunes .. . Walhalla, Stringer's Creek . Wellesley, Stringer's Creek, Wonderful, Daylesford Young Chum, Bendigo NON-DIVIDEND QUARTZ. 0000, 1 2600 - 5400 1 20000 J / 200 - 10000 1 24000 1 8000 , 3 40956 1 3000 S 82000 1 1200 - . 8640,10 . 2400 6 11000' 1 1000 6 16000 - ,14607 2 m 20 6 .4000 20274 8000 Alexandra Mining as Crushing Black Horeo, Egerton ' Bristol Reef, Fryers .. Buxton, Raywood Criterion, Clunes. Durham, Maldon Eagle, Bendigo Flying Scud .. Golconda, Bendigo ., Kangaroo Bob, Gordons Koh-i-noor( Bendigo.. Longfellow, 8trlnger's London & Australian, Clunes Long Tunnol, Strlngor's ,.. Mariner's Reef, Maryborough North Clunes Consols, Clune» Pioneer, Bendigo , .. Pegleg, Bendigo Queen Victoria, Canadian's.. Smilo of Fortune, Wood's Pt. ¡Sarnia, Bendigo Sandy Creek, Poverty, Reef, Tarnagulla. Tarrengower Nuggetty Alli- ance, Maldon Tubal Cain, Stringer's Victoria Reef, Bendigo Victoria, Gordons Wellesley, Egorton .. White Horse, Egerton Printed and published by Huon Osónos, at Tam > Anona Ornoo, CollinB-if.eet, Melbourne, (at WttiSOS ' antll¡lAt¡Ruti(QH,prop'aotor». 