• hereby declare that 0o1na OoQrdon . l m ?w . ' .. L...SUT L ,. 28th Aupg t, 1804.. .'-i J, ?-,' , . And I hereby acknowledge John D almplta as my lawfal hubamd., , ' , . f j .ýo;i ', , . .Goanow.:. The social position of the parties, fr. Dal. rymplo befog heir presumptive to the earldom of Stair, Miss Gordon being the daughter of a gentleman of positlon, and',Miss. Manners beiog the sister of a dueheas, awakened great interest at the timeni but the pritles arie or gotten, the somewhat romantfo ieoldents of bhe case.. have faded (irom', memory, and' nothlng 'remains but! the' unrivalled ,judg. meat, o Lord Stowell traning?.lthe ,mar iege i: law from clts , earlils authentlo' period, and affording to every eudeint' of !our cbuntry's history anadmilrable sumiiar of the principles whioh have regulated the r · , · enforcement of the mnarriasge contract. Miss Gordon was successful; Mr. Dalrymple was ordered to restore to Ler Ler conjugal rights, Bnd Mlss Manners, as fir as tbhe law was con. cerned, remained Miss Mfanners. From that jadgment may be deduced these positions: arriage is a contract, of national law,--lhe parent, not the child of civil society-and in civilised countries, acting under the sense of the force of sacred obligations, it had the sa'nction, of religiono uperadded, and then it became a relifious as well as a civil and natural contract; it then came under the cognizance of the church, and it was elevated to the dignity of a aacrament, and so the law of the church, the canon law, though it recognised it as a sacrament, so far regarded the natural and civil'origin of marriage as to hold that where the natural and civil contract was formed it had the full essence of matrl. m'ony without the intervention of a priest.. Tse. cosent, tierefore, of,.two persona expressed in words of present mutual accept ance constituted an actual and legal marriage, and consummation was presumed as followfin that acceptance. At the reformalioa Englani disclaimed ,the doctrine of a: sacrament In marriage, retaining, however, the rules of the canon law that were 'founded n' the' natural an'd civil contract of marriage. .As we have observed, the marriage law of Ireland waa considered gi.e same as that of England prior ta the Marriage Act of George 'l; but in' 18401 there',was» raised ,a. question. on an indiotment for bigamy, which resulted in - protracted tegal battle, ending in the House of,'Lords.,: This case was the origin of, th existing statute law ,in Ireland now regu. latint the marriage ceremony in that country; but this statute does not affeet the Iloman Cathollce,'Quakers, or Jews., That statute Is1 7th and 8th of the Queeni, nd became neces, sary by reason of the following incidents. In 1840 Dr. Mjiller, the surrogate ii the conhsistorial court of Armagh, having to do. cide a question raised before him, on the ralidity of a marriage between a Presbvterian d, a, member' of the Episcopil, Church solemoised by. a, Presbyterian, miister, had declared such contract to be null and void. In the north of Ireland,. where such mar riageb had been of frequent occurrence, this judgmentaroused great hostility. The in tensity of the indignationr was increased when it was known that the decision was rested on a Saxon canon of the tenth century, requiring thp preseice of a'piiest necessary, to validate a marriage; and the Presbyterian :minister not being episcopally ordaoned, was held hot to'come within the canonical requirements of one in holy orders.;: The .question before the conasistorial court was as to the right of ad. minitratin toa ,the property of adeceased' Individiual,' and? in' the, conflict amnD thes next of kin the legality of, the marriage was disputed. Shortly alter the judgment of Dr. Mller was pronounced, a man being jndicted for bigamy in the county of, Antrim, pleaded that though he had been previously united in wediock by a Presbyterian minister, such was no ,alid contract,'because he was an Episco. palian.' A' special verdict was found by the jury, unlder. thedirection of the judge who tried the prisoner, and the question came before the court of Queen's bench in Ireland. The judges were divided' in opinion as to the ialidity-of the marriage, and the case was taken- to the Hioute of Lords. " Lords 3Brougliam, Campbell, and Denman were'for reeraisng the judment 'of the Irish courts; Lords: Abidger, Cottenbam;' and; tder Lord Cbancellor were against the reversal ; and so according to the rulepresumitar pro negantc, the judgment of the Queen's bench in Ireland was affirmed, and the, prisoner acquitted; thus deciding iat to valiidate a marriage in Ireland the ceremony must be in presence of a priest in holy orders,. To justify this de. clsion there was cited a decretal of Edmund, promulgated; i in 0, directing that "at the nuptials there shallhbe a mass priestby .law who shall .with, .God's,blessng, bind. the ulnin;to all posterity. " But it was rather poiltedly' asked, if.. this be:law, why are not all the Saxon enactments law ? why was the law of King Ina 'not 'part of'the' Statute Jdook, which imposed the penalty of forfeiture of goods on a man who had not'bls child baptized ;'or the' law of King 'Alfred, which inflicted a gradusted scale of fines for criminal coheriseatioo,according to,'the rank of, the pa'rtleset, In truth, it would appear, that the ,enactment of Edmund simply recommended a more formal ceremony; but it didlnot annul a marriage , ontracted without sacerdotal benediction0.1 This oae, WiCau. Is* AKOO aI the Queenrv;'Millis, has been more 'or less questioned, and it is generally assumed that thPugh'.?ta is '', blndingn, uthbrity of the lilghestrppellate tribunal, yet it the :question involved in it.were.re-opa ed, .the decision w -ould be different., The effect of it was some. what albrmiong,',for/'thelegitmi'ay of many Presbaterian taillles In the nbrth pf Ireland. was assailed by it; ,and' o in. the same session of Parliament in :which it was decided the att'of'7i'arid 8 of the Queen' was'passed, aslidatlig prevloub 'marrltges;tthat had'been eolemnied by Presbyterian sinisters between members of different communlons, and' pro idloer in: future' for the registration; of all r marriages dejehding 'on the clvil, contract as well as,. the iaellgioi.,' ,In fact': it'i :.an' analogous statute <with those- applicable' to Eongland. dealing with nonconformist antd' peroris 'who object to areliglbos: ceremony. it camei.nto operation:onihe, 31st March, 1845, and 'was amended by.D and10 of the Queen, cap. "72,and by' 12 and' 13 lof the Queen, cap.: OO' but not ;altered. n any essential.,,Now, thereforew In Ireland all the rules prescribed by the rubric concerning the _olemnislng of marriages continues' to be 'ohl serred by every person in lholy'orderi' of' the United Cli'irch of ,England and Ireland ;lbut the girlng of notice to the marriage registrar . oth'te district, and the issuing of lis certlfi. cats, may be used instead of the publication Sof banns f aid dPresbyterianr 'niarragoes may be solemnised 'in 'Presbyterian' churches ' so carding; to thet form !used therein.:t Dlut!the act does not arffet rlomsn Catholics, whose rights are not interfered with ifi the marriages celebratedby them' were legal .previously to the act passing; i nor does it alter the contract of marriage ai oleoniised; by,,Quakers and Jews, for such marriage performed according to their usage1 ie good is law, if both parties , be Quakers or profess'the' Jewish* religion. These persons, however, must give notice to the registrar, and 'obtain hlq certificate before tbhe ceremony.". - *:.t **'';' 'ir, ' , cotland then remains Bas before',the mar. rsRge beln affected, by any statute, the" law only, requiring' the consent of. the parties to takeeach other asthusband and.wife?.but . . . . = , + * ¥ + • ' :', , this consent is required to be proved by a witness present when it was given, or by a writing signed ,by the parties. But it may be said what was observed by Sergeant liaynard In the time of the Commonwealth, "that the law lies very loose as to things that are naturally essential to marriages, as to pre. contracts and dissolving marriages." It would be interesting to detail some of the cases as reported in law books in reference to the marriage law; but those who are desir. ous of mastering the subject cannot do better than pursue the reports we have before refer red to, and especially an able resume of the whole matter by Mr. Justice Willes in the case of Beamish v. Beamlsh, in the House of Lords' reports. That was the case of a clergyman in holy orders going to the house of a person named Lewis in the city of Cork, and there performing a ceremony of marriage between.himself and one Isabella Fitzgerald, by reading between them in the house the form of solemnization of matrimony in the Book of Common Prayer, and by declaring that he Samuel S. 3eramish' took Isabella Fitzgerald as his wedded wife, and Isabella Fitzgerald declared' she took: him for her wedded husband, and by" placing a ring on her finger and pronouncing the blessing in the appointed form. No person was present at the ceremony, but'its performance was seen by a female-who, however, did not hear what passed between them. The validity of this marriage was'raised in an ejectment pro. creding on a question of legitimacy; the court of Queen's bench in Ireland held it was a valid, though an frregular marriage, but the IHouse of Lords decided that it was null and void. This decision flowed from the Queen v. Millie-for that case 'deciding'that to con stitute a valid marriaze by the common, law it must have been celebrated in the presence of a clergyman in holy orders, the fact that the bridegroom was himself a clergyman'in holyorders, there being no other clergyman present, would not make it a valid marriage. Mr. Deamish might have somewhere met in his rehding with this passage from a: docu. ment of the tenth century, to be found in Ancient Laws, p. 335, chapter ii., and it might have been well if he had pondered it: "A priest's wife is nothing but a snare of the devil, and he who is ensnared,thereby on to his end, he will be seized fast by. the devil, and he also must pass'afterwards Into the ,hands of fiends and totalliyperiish l ." 'The new offeers'at St. Panicras workhouse have been enabled?ioput a stop to the system of casuals.teafifog·up their clothes by giving to those who did so:a suit of canvas all of one piece, with holes for the head and arms; they were then very unwilling'to leave the work. house, but' were compelled to do so, and instead.of there being five or six tear.ups a day, there arenow none. S? SacrNGoo , Caitnr'. IN' RUssri'- The Invalide Russe of, ihe,97thult. records a case of a peculiarly horrible character, which has just been heard before the' criminal' tri-, bunal of Vladimir. 'A man naied'Kurs!n, it member of a' numerous 'and,fanatical Russian seat called the sect of the'; aviour, lately killed his own'son and offered him as sncari. fine to God.' The narrative in the Rassifan journal is as follows :-" The doctrine of this sect.consists inoan absolute negation of all earthly' proicrty:- : An 'adherent ,possesses nothing whiteverddndeeccording to his ;qd otonaaeverythlq' ;ariuind L t ._.. _*rd sontfled.- ouch' ideas naturally prompt these unhappy men 'to acts of frightful despair. they believe it is necessary to constantly implore the mercy'ofthe Saviour by every means, for it is lIe alone who can save them. The accused person, whoi is twentyvseven years of age, killedhis soii?." little'boy of seven, in the, convictlon that the act would be agreeable to ,the Saviour., Iis own account of the crime 'is as follows:-' One night I felt so strongly that the human race must soon perish' that I could not get: a moment's sleep. ,I,rose and lighted all the lamps before the images, of the saints, and, throwing myself' on`myL knees, I fervently prayed God to pave. e ;and, my, family. ijuddenly the idea came to me of saring my -on fromi eternali damination; for' a this only child' wase a-, beautiful| boy and 'finer' than most, boys of t"his ge, I. feared ihe would become, after, my death, the prey of bell, and I ° determined to sacrifice Lim to the Lord;. Filled 'with this Idea I 'continued to Iray.', I said .to myselfthat :lf during my prayer the thought of eacrificing my son. to ofdt came to me from the right side I wouldI execute it; if,'on the contrary, it came from r the left, I'would 'give it up; for, accordling 4 toour religious teaching, the thought which I comes from'the right sideis fromnour gdod I angel,'and thit from ,the left is' the inatlga. tion of theddeai.' i'Afte alo'n.I prayer, the thought orme to me from tbe: 'rght side, and I returned full of joy.to the' room where iny son slept'.by,thb side of 'm wifei 'l nowing that she would,oppo aethe isacrifice.whol., I desired to offer: to God,.I sent l'hr toithe airket ito: purcbhase-proiviaionse. Whan' abe had gone I awoke my, child, and said to' him; "get up my son; put on thy white shirt, this I may admire thee.?'T When hade;ld one this I laid him'on the bencheadd stabbed him several tinies in the' sto~ich,', The' child in astigglrinfg fell. frelu entlyt;upon') the,. knife, and, when found,.was covered with wounds. The father;: It seeeni, inteindiong to end 'the lad's sufferlogs, cut.,te atomclh''dppbi' from ototo biottom p, but even then he' llogered for a little while.-.Thi frightful scene occurred just before sunrise; ; Kurin' says' that ?inst as the child' had breathed :rhia last; the f?ist rays oef the sun 'ahode through ithe'window, .and' in,a moment of ecstacy ý he fell, on his knees and implored God to mercifully receive this eacrifice. 'Kurni continued his narrative in', these' ~terms i-' Just',a' I, had, thrown myself before the holy images and as myeson was lyingn his bloodthe door opened and my'wlfe, came nl.' Shetl'fritantly aw,'whlat bad passed; and, seized with'. horror, she' fell senseless ,to the ;grounds 'T.l raised 'her, and said,! go to the mayor and* tell him' all. 'I am gofog to give a rote to the saints.'?! ,We learn' further from the 'Russian journals that Kurain, . after he- had been sent to prison, resolutely refusnd 'all kind of Inourishment, and died of starvationbefore the sentence upon him couldl he execuled; ..:.,° 1 ,rF SA' strange affair happened' a night cor two siice' at Shirlad dolliery,, ?oar;'Alfreton, In D'erb shire.-.While:the !men were as iusual working, down the pit one' of them tasserted that he had seen a ghost. " The apparitlo'wai describe'd' as in shapo like a man., Instantly the .news spread throughout the pit, and the colliers trooped together, with horrorastrilken couintesoan.,, demanding, to be taken to hank. VWhe. those who were below.hed thus left work and had come to the surface, ihey met the day shift preparing to descend. The story was 'told, and as the news spread from mnouth to month a similar horror to that which had prevalfed below seized the new comers. The day men' refused to' go down, and all the colhers. thereupon returned to their homes.. In' this way nearly two huet dred men and boys have laid themselves idle, and the ghost presumably holds possession of the pit. A collier was accidentally killed In one of the workings a few days ago. The following is on extract from a letter dated Alexandria, • September" 25:-There Is at present ,a great. deal of suffering throughout Egypt owing to the dulness of trade, aggravated by 'the exactions of the local government. The Viceroy lavishes thousands. upon thousands of. pounds at Constantinople upon.the Sultan and his ministers, In the illusory hope of securing the successioin to his son, and then comes back to' Egypt to mulct his unfortunate subjects, 'and to retrench the salaries of the working officials.. As the oldest agnate, the succession belongs to MustaphaFazil Pashn, the "Viceroy's brother. Meanwhile: the Porte takes 'all It can :from. Ismail, and plays alternately with both. No sooner had Ismail left Constantinople than the Sultan sent for his brother Mustapha, whdm he loaded with honours. Mustapha is 'qiite confident of becoming Viceroy in due time, but is too astute a man not to take whatever precautions seem necessary' to ensure suc coss. People often wonder what becomes of the revenues of Egypt, which are enor mous as .compared with the cost of the administration, more especially as no dis bursements are made for the benefit of the country.' But' besides the vast amounts squandered at Constantinople, and the expenses: which Egypt has .incurred in helping to put down the Oandian Insurrec; tion, the projectors of the Suez Canal haunt him for money which his Highness supplies, hoping thereby-perhaps-to secure the support of the French Emperor. 'M.' do Leeseps obtained from Said 'Pasha 1ns 1854 the concession to make the Suez Canal, on condition that It was to be completed in twelve years, that Egypt was not to be called upon 'to incur any outlay, and that the Viceroy was to have fifteen per cent, of the net profits.' The twelve years have more than expired, almost' double the six millions sterling have been' expended, the work is far from being half completed, and instead of Egypt not being called' upon to incur any outlay,, both' Said Pasha and Ismail' Pas 'have 'been made r to boar almost the entire cost, while the. people of Egypt have suffered from the large numbers of fellahs who have been forcibly withdrawn from their pursuits, and have died at the canal works. Said Pasha was condemned, for countenancing the scheme in the first instance, but.it was thought to be some qiualification that he did not pledge the' country to pay any of the expense. Ilow; ever, L. de Leesseps has. milked his 'cow dry; and the Viceroy of Egypt: finds him. self In a position analogous to' that 'of his grandfather,' Mohammed. All, ' with: 'the Barrage of .the"'Nile. That, too,, was planned by a 'Frenchman, and cost the country £1,000,000, and, is not only of no use, but has greatly. Injured'?th'e 'navigation of '.thoziyer. ,The present financial.difli. been principally caused by its connection with the Suez Canal Company; and the abandonment" of 'the scheme will be' the salvation of Egypt In more respects than T; he North Wilts Herald reports that last week the harvest home 'was' celebrated by service in the parish clhurch of Broughton Giffard,with dinner, tea, and rustlo sports. At the service in the church Prebendary? Wilkinson, the rector, read the prayers, Mr. T. P. Long, M.P., and Mr. II. Ilaikes, two local ; landowners, , "staunch ; Protestant churchmen,', reading the first :and second lessons. Later in the day the rector, who occupies a prominent positioh in the county; alluded to the circumstance, remarking that at no' former period of his career of duty. had he ever known a farmer or occupier of land take part in the public services ofthqir church; but he hoped they would now follow the exarmple well set by Mr. Long'." ' A.' correspondent, writing from nuadeley, Shropshire, to a local newspaper, relates the followlng curious iostance of superstition' for the truth oflwhlchb,he.ouche. .Gololg into a neighbour's housa one day last week he found one of ,the 'children suffering from, a very severe~'coughb;and eipressed his opinion that it .wa'sa case 'in which mediole assistance should be obtained;. The father of the boy agreed that' it was very bad, butlsaid that before callingi In; a'doctor he interided to try a Icure which .e had.long.used in similar cases, and'.neverifound'.to fail. On bein)g pressed to communicate the prescription' to the writer he' gravely informed.him that the cliarmn consisted in cuttinfg 'a few, hairs from the part of the patient's head where it joins the ueck, placing ;tbeoi between 'two thibn slices of bread and butter, and girlvn them to a dogf. If the sandwich took no effect upon the animal,'the patient'would recover' but if the dog efckened the case was critlcale,and a' doctor, should b'called in forthwith.,: ,.' .; 'At the Free KirkPresbytery of Edinbnrgh the qoestiorm of.Sunday cabs.was revived by, a letter froin the Sabbath Alliance,, calling attention, to the systematio idesecration of the. Lord's.day by;their employment, as also by the opening of small shb6p, and suggesting that special services "should bhe held, ln.the olurches to protest,againset suich deiecralion. Dr. Degg said that nearly all: the Edinburgh cabs were on the stands for hire on Sundayc, making it impossible for the drivers to observe the Rabbath. , Mr,, Daldson .thought there had been a great falling off In the observance of'the Sabbath btt' he; demurred to the ez* treme ilewsa sometinmies"expresoed.' ?I e was in:favor of tie use,' not the abuse, of Sunday cabs. "'Mr. W.'Nisbet had never made a noise about iit, ibit 'had 'during 'the thirty.threo years of lil ministry acted consistently in this matter., Onri recent Sunday he walked from Edinburghl to Portobello' (three miles) to preach 'walked back, preached in Oreyfalra in the' afternoon; and walked: down nIgain to Portobello to preach' at night. Dr. Thomas Smith held' it' was' not by: tbe promul gation, of extreme 'views that the rdesired end would 'be , attained. ':It 'waa's well kiown that' - th he' nlister* : of' the .Free Ohurchl'were not as pn~ s to Sunday cabs. Mr.' D1rown ?elder, regretted 'that: a" large iumber' of' members" and adherent,-some said ministers-of the Free Church took advantage of the Sunday Irains.. A great many church.gnin- persons Iravelled between Portobello and Edlinbrgh on Sundays. This ought to be discountenanced by all kirk see sions. MIr. Thomson, Leith, thought' that most of the Sunday cabs were used by Epis copalians.' Alter a reply from Dr. Begg, the case was referred to the Sabbath Observance Committee. Lovn AND PoETRY.-The following Is from an American paper:-" I met her in the sunset bright, her gingham gown was blue; her eyes, that danced with pure delight, were of the same dear hue.. And always when the sun goes down, I think of the girl in the gingham gown." A Blitru's IErLY.-A' young lady, pos sessing more vanity than personal charms, remarked in a josting tone, but with an earnest glance, that "she travelled on her good looks." A rejected lover being pro. sent, remarked, "he could now account for the young lad 's never having been found far from home." GoODn 'ADVICE.-A 'youn, lady recently gave a lecture, in which she said:-" Get married, young men, and be quick about it too. Don't wait for the millennium, hoping that the girls may turn' to angels,' before trusting yourself with, ono' of them. A .'retty thing you'd be, alongside an! angel, wouldn't you, you brute? Don't, wait another day, but right now-this very night -akk some, nice, Industrious girl to go into partnership with you, to clear your pathway of thorns and plant it with flowers." i Madame George Sand having been re quested by the conductor of a little pictorial journal to, allow a. caricature of herself to be published (such publication being illegal in France without the consent of the person caricatured), replied in the following char. acteristio letter :-" Paris, July 8.-If I were free, sir, I would sany yes directly, for I never was vain, and I am not going to be at the age of sixty.threeo. ' ut all my friends are against it, and my children'would be, pained by what. you propose .to do. Everybody about meo tells me this so seri ousl that I must say no. 'You' will excuse won tyou2. ? elieveothat I a?n'very sorry tonrefuse a request made in such friendly and amiable terms.-Georgo Sand." IIITTErnDITY OF DEAL' BoATMEN.-A redden 'storm, which set in from ihe north east, on the 11th January,.1800, drove seve. atl ships from their anchors, and, itibeing' low water, one of them struck 'tlhe gtiund at a considerable distance from the, shore,; when the sea made a clean broach over her. There was not a vestige of hope for. the vessel, such was the fury of the' wind and violence of the waves. There was nothing to tempt the boatmen on shore to risk their lives in saving either ship or crow, for not a farthing of salvage was to be looked for. But the daring intrepidity of the deal boat meno was not wanting at the critical moment. No sooner had tho' brig; grounded' than Simon Pritolrard, one of the many boatmen assembled on the beach, throw off his coat, and called out, "who will come with me and 'try to': save that crew ".,: Instantly twenty men sprang forward, with "I will," " And I.", But seven' only, were wanted; and running down a galley.punt.intd the surf, tiey leaped in,' nnd dashed through thlie breakers, amidst the cheers of those on shore.' How the.boat.lived.in such a sea n^poi" byed"ti ? i'io frbn' armsaeo tiesio gall'ant meon, she flew on and reached'the stranded ship, "catching her on the top of a wave;" and in less than a quarter of an hour from the time the boat left the shore, the six men who composed the crew of the collier were landed safe on WValmer beach. A nobler Instance of indomitable courage and die. interested heroism on. the part, of. Deal boatmen-brave tlhough they are always known to be-perhaps cannot be cited; and we have pleasure' in placing it on record. Self Help: New edition. The British Association has issued two sections 'of their mip 'of'the moon, on a scale or two hundied inches to the moon's diameter, comprehending two areas ' of twenty-five superficial degrees n 'each, whichl are equal'to 17,688 'square miles in the' two. On theso'. sections. the plains, craters, mountalns,:valleys,' and other ob jects are laid down. ' ' .... , DBITIN TIin 'NAutLS.-This is a habit that should be immediately corrected, in children, as;,if persisted in. for, any lengths of time, it permanently deforms the nails. ;Dipping the filger.ends In sores bitier tinctiure will gener. ally prevent ohildren, from putting them .to the mouth ;,but if this falls, as it sometimes will,'each fingergeod ought to 'be encased in a stall uatilthe'pro'penslty is eradicated. ,.Tim :Day.;r AnTtt Sysran.-Tle :: fev. Henry Mloule': has' jus't received from the Indian goverinment a gratifying' nd shbutan tial recognition'of the value,, f, his system of dry.earth sewage. I The'following is an ex tract from.a letter addressed to' him from the India ofcisin'London, dated the 25th'of Sep. tember, 1807 :.-I am directed by Sir Stafford Nerthcote to forward for your liformation coples ,of* reportsa which have r ow besn received from the government of India, on the iuccessful and general'adoptlon ofltyo~i dry earth sewage system in India. In coneiders io'n of the very satisrfactory character of these 'iports','iid on the ieoomnindattlon of, thes government of; Indii the secretaiy of, state fuorIndia in concil has .much I pleasre in iithlorising tlihe payment to' you of the sum of '~. ',.:, SAnLY n CIIoILD NAltEB.-Thsichoosing aa name ;by souid' belongsqto i'biliaaifon. It was not aso withli' iatlonirs'l., their fInfancy. They., went by sense. ., They,. fined;, on a' name thabnt described the child, that referied'ito its' personal, charactorlstiC., that was an. ou liet'o for, their. piety 'and thanks. giving, that was owned already by something that they werei grateful for and loved. The Jewish; mother-aise long go asbs the days chronicled |in the, Dible-rocked tieri baby on her breast, and as she sat among the flock, and birds, and tidoere, called it Busanne; Illy; or :IIadasseb, mnyrtle ;or Zophar;- her, little bird ; or Debblrs'lithe bee, that buzzed ;so closely it made her little one 'open its' eyes and smile. Or, joyous and poetlo in ther luxuriant land, the timid sheep were bleating by, and she callId lier' bibe'Rseahelin their memory;, or the rich fruit of the pomegranate overhung her, and gave her, food, and she called' her;baby Tabrimon; or the palm.tree rose stright 'and tall, are.do her chldl should be named Tamiry; or the ~iarrnw twittered in her ear, ands her child ;was Zippor; orthe dove cooed Isoftly and sthi'called' it Jonah j or the crow showed her abhle p lumsge,'and its name was aoleb; or the light seed.down was wafted by her and her babe was Julia, the tender, delicate, nestling little thing. Carml, my vineyard, the Israelitea' child became, when they were grateful for that asurce of their happiness and wealth; or E.ehol, the full cluster of ripe, purple grapes; or Lot, sweet.scented myrrh; or Peninnah and Pinon, pearl; or Tharash, the tender tint of hyacinth, fragrant and pate; or Ullah, a young child; or Sprab, the moss growing so plentifully at their feet on the bright sea shore. And them Hebrew parents mourned over a sickly child, and called it Abel, because they saw it was like a breath or vapour, and would soon pass away; or they named it Delilah, weak; or IHiagr, timorous stranger; or Jabez, sorrow; or Job, a weeper; or Leab, weary; or Necho, lame. And the robust child, the sturdy, strong young fellow was 'rejolced in, and called Blab, the tall spreading oak; or Amos, weighty; or Asher, bliss; or Ruth, contentment; or Rebekab, fat; or, more poetically still, Abigail, the father's joy; Evei the gladdener Isaac, laughter; Na lum, comforter ; am David-sweetand tender utterance-beloved. -Chambers's Journal. Amongst those who now willingly remain In Paris, untempted by 'sea sand country beauties, there is a small 'clss of men who can rightfully be called les tranis Parisiens, for their country is not France--t is the boilevard. Thiy dine at the Nlaison d'Or, sometimes atX21oulin Rlougo, in this midst of its flowers near Champs Elysees; and the lake at the Bole de Boulogne, is ,the fullelt extent of their wandering. , One would not be very surprised to hear them state as their con victiom that outside the walls of Paris people go about with rings in their noses, and ready to demolish all straying Parisans.. Lately a young count, belonging heart and soul to this ,rale Parisiens, was ill, and hi4s doctor ordered himichange of air. "But I have my windows open all day." "That's not It," exclaimed the doctor; "you must go to the country." The young man hbounded on Li. chair. "The country I" cried heo; "but I dou't even know where it is." DEATI OrF. A RlSEMAfADLnU,. SPrOrtTIN IRnasltWorANs.-Molly. Neville, an old worman who had led' a very remarkable life, 'died in the,Wexford county dispensary some days e~o. During the last thirty years site main,. tamed herself by her gun, shooting wild fowl on Raven Strand, near the entrance to Wex. ford: larbour, twhere she resided. :,She was also an excellent fisher, and every market. da; iprdceeded to town: to sell the spoils she had gained.' A short titte ago sli, lo'st ' the tae' of her right arm by the bursting of her fowling-piece, andL though deprived of the chief means of subsistence,' took up fishing with redoubled energy. In aploerance she was masculine, and wore a peculiarly striking dress, having in general a man's hat and coat. iHer comfortable little cabin was built by hereelt''out of wrecked timber anl seaweed, and: the furniture it conhtained was also' the work of her own hands. She principally favoured maon with her society, and often competed in shdoting contest's, the accuracy of her aim being a matter of some surprise. At her decease she was seventy years of age. SDInATIt o TIOE ax.Eurtnbn Sou Lovuou. -intelligence thas been-received; ,of the leasnerrutoF-n C)Ht! kre lr T tym-gter-*-s .e horn in 1780, In the house of a mulatto family in the south. of the Isle of Hlayti. Born a slave, hlie became free by the decree of 1700, and wheti but a boy, In 1803, took part in the Insurrection of the negroes against the French. lie served seven generals as aide.de.camp, was 'made a captain in 1820, when he became a favourite of the President ioyer. •President Hierard promotedl him in 1844, to, the rank of colonel, and Onarrier made him a general of brigade; in 1810 he had _just been promoted to be a general of divieton,'wheo the' President Roche died, and to his great astonishment lie was. chosen iresident.' It would seem' that his head was turned by his elevation ' for hie waged a'terrible war against tdie mulattoes aid Against the 'townspeople, :and le contrived toi have himself chosen -Emperor, when le assumed - the ' title of Fe'ustin the First. lie Instituted the 'Order of St. Faustin, and." created i no, fewer than foiur hundred peers, of whom four were princes,?and fiftynine dulkes. lie sent to Paristo hore a crown made for him, wivct was imitated from that of Napoleon I, and held a solemn coronation. lie had countle's squabbles with his nobles, and tried to con tuer the, repitblio of St. Domingo, but was defeated.. lie was a gieat admirer of Napo leon I, whom ie 'enleavnured to Imitate in every way, even to the minut:re of hil'dresa. lie was, however, tyrannlcal, anrd' wans 'at length driven from his. throne in' 1850, 7b Geffrard, Who "was elected:president of the restored republia. ooi~lonquie was permitted to retire with all his property'aind that of his family; and took up his residence in Jamaicn, _where he remained till allowed to return to his natiieL iland, where he died at Petit Goorvave.- Times. ' I 