LATEST INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. The S.M. Herald's latest telegrams from Adelaide contain the following items of news:— The Treasurer has given a notice of motion in the Assembly to amend the Northern Terri- <*> i tory Act. Me proposes to enlarge the time ! within which selections of land may be made, and to increase the areas allowed to each land j order holder; any holder thereof refusing to i agree to these conditions is to have his money ■ returned to him.—The question as to the ! ; establishment of a Bushmen's Home in Ade , laide i 3 being actively taken up by several inllu- I ential squatters.—There is great excitement 1 about the Scott's Creek Silver Mines, and f : shares have changed hands at fabulous prices. , 1 In reply to a deputation, the Commissioner of Works at Melbourne said that the Yau Yean Waterworks were worth one million sterling, ! and the Corporation of Melbourne might pur i chase them for that sum.—«S. JI. Herald. ' ■■ A proclamation appears in the Government Gazette, by which Parliament is further pro i rogued to the 15th of September next. —5. M. \ Herald. I lirpoETAXT DiBCoveey.—Specimens of the j red oxide of mercury have been left at the j Bathurst Times office. This valuable mineral i ha 3 been discovered in large quantities on the ; Cudgegong, near Rylston, and the discoverers 1 have applied to the Government for authority ! to select under the Crown Lands Occupation I Act, in order to work the mine. ; The Last Vile Kelic of the Burke axd . Hake Tragedies.—The Singleton Times of , I Wednesday records the death of Ellen Glass- , poole, the paramour of the infamous Burke, of , Edinburgh. The above journal reports that— ■ " An inquest was held on Monday, the 10th in- ' I staDt, before the District Coroner, Dr. Glennie, : 1 on view of the body of an aged woinau, known I as Ellen Glasspoole, who was burned to death | in her hut on Saturday last. The above crea ture was, we believe, the last remaining vile relic connected with the infamous Burke and ■ ' and Hare tragedies that horrified Edinburgh, : I the scene of these villains' wholesale butcheries, ' I and indeed the civilised world, some forty years } ago. As paramour of Burke —who expiated ; j his revolting crimes upon the scaffold — j Bhe participated in those barbarities that have , never been heard recited without a shudder. ■ The law, however, in dealing mercifully with | ! the ' weaker vessel,' sentenced Ellen Steward, : ; alias M'Dougall, to penal servitude for life. In ; 1830, she was assigned to the service of the late Mr. Joseph Singleton, and she has remained in ' this district since. During the early years of \ her servitude here, she appears to have capti- I vated somebody, who bestowed upon her the ! name of Glasspoole, and whom apparently she I has long survived. She had repeatedly been j admonished at our Police Court on account of ! her taking a drappie too much, on which occa- ! sions she usually pleaded, in extenuation, her great age. That generous institution of ours, the Benevolent Asylum, supplied her from time to time with the necessaries of life, and her ' medical comforts' were made up by appeal ing to the coach passengers, who were found about Cullen'B corner, relying mostly for success in the statement that her age was ' 101, the next Saturday,' but which, we believe, was a simple miscalculation of some twenty or thirty ; years. From the evidence adduced at the ' inquest, which was held at the poor wretched , woman's hut, near Rix's Creek, but ad- j journed to Houston's Railway Hotel, it i appears that she had been too free with some favorite bottles she had in stock, and fell a victim to them, as appears from the evidence of the witnesses at the inquest, as fol- , lows : —John Glover deposed : I am a laborer, : and reside at Singleton ; on Saturday morning, | the Bth instant, I was passing t'.e residence of | the deceased, Ellen Glasspoole, about three miles fro;n Singleton ; I heard some one groan -1 ing ; I went uncl looked in at the door, and saw i deceased tying by the 6ide of the fire; her I clothes were nearly burnt off her ; she was in- | j sensible; the fire was nearly burnt out; I called a man who was with a team near the fjlace, and he drew her away from the fire ; I then left, and came into Singleton ; I met the Rev. Mr. Lane on the road, and informed him i of the circumstance. —George Lane deposed : f I am a Wesleyan minister, and reside at Single- j ton ; on Saturday afternoon, I was out driving, \ 1 and met the last witness, who told me that the I old woman living in the hut beside the road had fallen into the fire ; I went to the place and found deceased, Ellen Glasspoole, lying on I the floor; her clothes were nearly burnt off I her; she was insensible, but appeared in pain; I placed a pillow «under her head, and threw a blanket over her; I observed a ! stool, which I concluded she had been sitting | on, half-burnt in the fire ; I went a short dis- | tance further to inform a neighbor, and when I returned she was dead; there was a bottle in the iut with some spirits in it, and I found the j smell of spirits in several other bottles. The jury returned the following verdict:—'Ellen Glasspoole came to her death by injuries re ceived from falling into the fire.'" A Sad Case. —The following melancholy I narrative is given in the Tamioorth Examiner j of Saturday last: —" Many of our readers will ■ remember the first cricket match which took place ' in Tamworth between an eleven selected from ' gentlemen in the employment of Mr. J. C. j Lloyd, of Burburgate, and eleven of our own | townsmen. Seven years have made sad havoc i in the ranks of the Namoi team, there being ! very few left in the district who were present on ; that memorable occasion. One of them, how ever, and certainly the most genial and pleasant of the lot, arrived in Tam worth a few days ago, under most melan choly and distressing circumstances —we mean ! Mr. Temple Maynard—a name familiar to a large number of our readers, more especially those resident on the Namoi. At the time of the match to which we have referred, Maynard was in the employment of Mr. J. C. Lloyd, where he continued for a length of timo after- ' wards, but eventually contracted habits which j wholly incapacitated him for the performance 1 of his ordinary duties, and he had to leave in i consequence. Time only seemed to confirm him j in the unfortunate course he had adopted, and ; latterly it had affected his reason to such an ' extent as to render him wholly imbecile. Being ' I very respectably connected his old friends did j j not desert him, and he was until lately living on a station on the Namoi, although unable to attend to business of any kind. The difficulties arising from the necessity of constantly watching him, and the hopelessness of recovery, induced his friends to hand him over to the police for ' his own protection, and last week he ' was brought before the Bench at Gunnedah and sentenced to one mouth's ; imprisonment in Tamworth gaol. In ac l cordance with that sentence he was forwarded here, where he arrived during the week, and he I is now in the gaol, awaiting an o.'der for his : transmission to the lunatic asylum. The un fortunate man, although only in the prime of I minhood, is but a mere mental wreck of his ! former self, and affords another example, if one ' were necessary, of the dreadful facility with which certain habits are contracted, and the terrible consequences which they entail. ! Stand at Ease. —It is stated (says the Bal- I larat Star) that a private of the 14th Regiment, I at present stationed in Melbourne, has received • I advices by the incoming mail, stating that ho 1 has come into a fortune of £7000. ; Ghost in Cooma.—The fol'owing very ; amusing sketch appears in the Monaro Mercury j of Saturday:—"Every town of any note pos secsses something supernatural appertaining t > it —some well-known local gho9t, or some haunted dwelling ; but hitherto we had classed Cooma as an exception in thi3 respect. How- . ever, ' circumstances alter cases,' and we huve it in our power to narrate, for the especial bene fit of the lovers of the supernatural, a r--nl live ghost story—and a Cooma ghost, too. We have the anecdote as it was told next morniiig, : in forcible though flowery language, to Davy, by the survivor of that dreadful night, Jem thi? ; Carrier ; the names are fictitious, but we lidve \ I no doubt many of our readers can vouch for ! I this ghost story :—Last Wednesday week, Jena ' I the Carrier had business in Cooma ; so he har nessed up his team, touched up his loaders, and away he went gaily on the road; after bestowing j a few blesssings on his off-sider and near-sider,his ' well-greased dray wheels rolled him speedily into Cooma, the scene of his destination. Business engaged his attention the greater part of the day, so towards the evening he camped at the well-known resort for carriers, unfixed his horses, gave them a feed, and turned them into a pad dock for the night. The billy was then un slung, and before long, by the help of a convenient firo, it responded in very warm terms to the solicitations of Jem the Carrier. He then unlocked liia ' grub' chest, and satisfied the craving wants of nature. Jem now thought of his horses ; he got a good feed of hay for them, put it in the bed of the dray, which he covei'ed over, shafts and all, with his tarpaulin. Everything being all right, he strolled up the town just as the stars began to twinkle and dance merrily overhead, and, meet ing a few friends, Jem had a yarn ore he retired to rest. It was a bright and beautiful moon light night, though ' Jack Frost' was rather too persevering, when Jem the Carrier started for his camping-ground, and ere the night had far advanced Jem was coiled up in his blankets, enjoying sweet refreshing slumber. At the dead hour of night, ere Cootna had put on her mantle of white, Jem the Carrier woke up, his thoughts tending towards his precious ' billy,' which he was sure contained some of the best tckay. Hark! Some dreadful sounds arrest his atten tion—from all parts of his dray thoro seem-to be wrestling of evil ones, gnashing of teeth, while, a3 Jem says, above the din could bo heard a last and furious chorus of deathly music, ' Crunching, munching, grunching,' and to this strange and weird tune Jem kept time through dread. Our friend's hair stood erect ; he lost all inclination for the soothing beverage contained in his burnt and blackened 'billy,' and helplessly awaited the conflict with his ghastly enemy. With time he at last gained courage to rue, opened his trem bling eyes, and made a minute but cautious in spection of the dray, not forgetting to search the immediate vicinity of Lis whereabouts. All seemed wrapped in sweet slumber; the moon was shining brightly, seeming to be the reigning power; nought else met hi* fearful gaze. The noise had inoreased tenfold, and our hero, in order to shut out from his gaze the sight of any apparition, covered himself from head to foot with his blankets. Nearer and nearer came the dreaded sounds; footsteps were heard j but, above all, Jem couldn't stand the music. He resolved to dress himself, and procure a stimulant to allay his shattered nerves. But what sees he now ? Where he had left two propsticks under the shafts, there are now six! Poor Jem says he was ' nailed to the spot—l couldn't stir for all the gold in Australia! I thought it was the Four-footed D——l of Cooma coming to pay me a visit.' He spent a full half-hour contem plating the awful sight, and he felt convinced he saw the cloven foot. He shut his eyes in the hope that the apparition would melt away; but the ghost was inexorable. The cold sweat formed in big drops on the carrier's forehead, and he furtively prepared to wrestle with the evil one. Oh! didn't Jem pray for daylight; the minutes seemed to him like days.—Davy here asked Jem if he had had a nobbier, and our friend said all he had was c two nips.' ' What did you have for supper, Jem ?' c No thing but salt horse, damper, and a pot of tea.' —' Then it could not have been nightmare.' ' You're poking borak now, Davy; did you ever hear of a chap getting the nightmare on salt tack and dumper ?' Even Davy was convinced it was a ghost ' all in white.' ' No,' says Jem the carrier, • I'm darned if it was the night-ware. I mustered up all the courage I had remaining, and pre pared to learn my fate. I crawled up to the shaft, notwithstanding that the horrible noise still continued, and determined to have a good look at his satanio highness, even if I died for it. Then ,' —« You needn't say any more,1 interposed Davy; 'he vanished in a flame of blue lire, leaving behind a strong smell of sulphur and brimstone.' ' No, I'm blowcd if he did; and he stood there stock still.'—' In faith, whose ghost was it, then?' inquired Davy, all anxiety. ' Well,' replied Jem the Carrier, ' the ghost which frightened me all night was Ps cream pony! There he was standing between the two shafts, the tar paulin completely covering him, with his head . in the dray, quietly munching the hay I had put there to iced my horses in the morning.' When Jem made the discovery, fear gave place to rage, and seizing the whip he made some vigorous cracks at the enemy; but the tar paulin saved the disturber's back, and he rushed off amidst the—not benedictions, we assure you —of a decided enemy to 'night-mare' and Cooma ghosts." 