Ii«S8 of the Ship i\ortliuml-erlau-l at King George's SouikI Tho ship Northumberland. 1165 tons, coal laden, 'from Newcastle (Great Britain), consigned to the P. and O. Company, was totally wrecked oil' Bald Head, King George's Sound, on the morning of the 29th June .The crew were completely worn out, as they were kept continually pumping, the water gaining on the ship very fast; the first mate suffered so much from exhaustion that he is not expected to recover. Tho following is the report of Captain Humpherys, the commander of the Northumberland -- Sailed from the Tyne on 2nd March, with a crew of twenty three all told ; hadv heavy weather while beating down the North Sea and English Channel ; Scilly on tho 10th March ; on the 19th the wind veered to the N.E. ; crossed the Equator on the 8th April; from thence to the median of Greenwich had light variable winds, mostly from the east ; on the 14th May sighted Gough Island. Nothing of impor- tance transpired till the l4 June, in latitude 37.2s S, longitiude 112 39e when we encountered a terrible gale from the N'N.E., the ship lay ug to under the lower maintopsail and foretopmast staysail on the 15th the gale and sea increased so much that we had to take everything off her, the barometer falling till 10 p m. when it stood at 23 50 ; the ship was then on her beams ends, her rail being from tin ee lo four feet under water ; her spars, that bad been well lashed on tho lee side, brokj their lashings and floated on tlio lee rail, doing considerable damage before they went over ; tho ship made so much water that both pumps were kept going. On the morning of 16th the centre of the storm passed over us, at noon the wind veered round from N.N.E. by N W. to S.W. towards evening tried to keep her way, lint failed; tho reefed foresail was blown completely away from the yard ; all hands were still at the pumps, the ship burying herself under the waves. On the 17th got the fore'opsail set, and kept the ship away; then found she had a great list, and had settled con- siderably in the water, as when running before the wind she only made from five and a half to six knots whereas if she had been free the rate would have been ten knots. At midnight sounded the pumps and found ten feet of water in her; from thence to neon on the 18th the water gained two feet; gale fresh and weather gloomy : tho barometer which had risen from 28 50 to 29 70, began to recede, and fell rapidly during the afternoon ; tli-j wind which had Inlicd, hacked again to the northttsvd, and freshened to a strong gale, the ship laboring heavily. On tho morn, ing of the 19 h the barometer stood nt 29-10, wind modi-rating at noon; at two p.m, the wind veered rapidly hy N.W. to S.W.; had tne lon er, fore, nnd maintop-tails set, intending to keep her head to tlio eastwerd, hut they were bi.ili blown completely ontol the bolt ropes by a fearful gust of wind from the S. W ; tho ship from that time to midnight was on her beam-ends, laying with the shearpnles in the water; all hands were still at the pumps, but they were often wasliei from them. At daylight, on the 19th, found that every moveable article on tho stai board side of tho ship bad been washed away, the forecastle and forehouso were completely gutted, and even the bunks had been washed away; tho starboard si e of the cabin was in the same state ; found the water still gaiuiug on the pumps; bent tho lower topsailsaud stood lor the land ; at one p ni. saw vest Cape Howe nnd stood in for it till four p.m. when wo kept along the land for King George's Sound ; found' tli.it the water was rapidly gaining on the pumps, nnd nt eight o'clock had fifteen feet of water in her ; kept close insjioro, with tho view of fnving life if she went down; at ten o'clock saw the land just ahead, and tried to haul her t ff but such was her sluggish mo:ion that she only jnst fetched it and struck a reef oil' Bald Herd ; she did not slop, but tho rudder was broken, and shecinted with her head to seaward ; directly after wards wc opened the light on lireaks»a Island, which previously had been niar-ked by Bald Head; now gave up nil hope of saving the ship, stopped woiking nttlie pumps, and got tho boats ont ; we then got into them, saving only a few articles, and witn what clothes we could get hold of, the water at the time being over the lower deck beams ; sailed under the lee of tho ship until the morning of the 20 h, when wc left her in the hope of getting some assistance; ot 8 n.m , landed nt Brealiseu Island, when the lighthouse keeper hoisted a signal of distress, which brought off the harbor-master, bu; too late to be ol any avail, for about 9 a in., the ship foundered in a line between Cape Vancouver and Breaksea Island, distant from the latter about eight or nine miles, and ns nothing ftirthcrcouhl be done star cd for Albany, the harbor master taking tho boats in tow, as the crew were oomplctely worn out with incessant pumping.' She was owned by Messrs. Davies and Son, of Mciial Bridge, and was partly insured. Accidents — On Tuesday last, about noon, a most lamentable and, we suppose dangerous accident befell Mrs Thomas Collins, of Jamberoo. The details, so far as we can ascertain them, are as follows : — Mrs. Collins was riding from Jamberoo to Kiama, and had just passed over the top of Spring-hill when the horse she rode, either stumbling or startled, threw her into the road immediately in front of a bullock dray which was moving in the opposite direction, and so near that there was no opportunity to avoid the wheel of the dray which consequently passed over her left leg, breaking the bones both above and below the knee, and otherwise producing, as may well be supposed, a frightful injury. Messrs John Cullen and W. H. Gray, who were near the spot, immediately came to the assistance of the sufferer, and con- veyed her to the residence of Mr. G. Wood, where she was visited with all speed by Dr. Nolan, who did whatever could be done for the unfortunate patient. At the latest hour at which we could obtain information yesterday the patient was going on better than could be expected after sustain- ing so serious an injury. — A serious accident of a somewhat similar kind befell a boy of about six years of age, a son of Mr Alick Blair at present in the employ of Mr G. Adams, of the Steam Packet Hotel. We understand that the child, in company with playmates, was 'see sawing' on a rail placed across the fence of the reserve, when by some slip, or other mischance, he fell from his seat and the rail, as rhought, fell upon him. The child's arm was broken above the wrist, and the elbow-joint dislocated. The patient was attended by Dr Taylor, and is in a fair way of recovery from the effects of the accident. — 'Kiama Independent.' SiioALiiAVEN. — The correspondent of the ' Kiama Independent' writes — The native drgs in this district are becoming too numerous for safety, quantities of poultry are missing almost each night from some liomo^tead or oilier. In my neighborhood a gentle man who keeps n small flock of Blieep had them attacked at night and worried by the these pests close to his residence. It would bo a great service did persons avail themselves of tho reward given for their destruction, nnd I am certnin a hundred or more could be found near our residences. SEIilOUS DlSTUttUANCE AT TUE INDUSTRIAL SCUOOL — The conduct ol a cons;derable number of tho girls at this establishment lias been exceedingly outrageous within tho lntt few days. On Thursday morning they became so riotous ns to compel tho superintendent to get ten ol them removed to the lock up. by the police. Theso incorrigibles lir.d been undor punishment in the cells for previous misconduct, nnd about half past ten o'clock, on the above morning, they armed themselves with brickbats, stones, &o.;, with a full determination of wreacking their vengeance 011 tho officials. They fi'St attacked the superintendent's apartments, break ing tho windows thereof aud doing other damage. Tliey tlion proceeded to invade the. matron's quarters, but lortnnati'ly, a detachment of police a-rived in timo to prevent their carrying outtheir nefarious intentions to the fullest extont. It was only, how-over, by locking herself up in the room tlmt Mrs King secured herself from receiving serious injury. The language used hy the miscreants whilst in the state it inBtir bordination was of tho most revolting description. - 'Newcastle Chronicle.' Tub Pa ins Exhimtion. — A mco-iiig of the Taris Exhibition Commissioners was held at the Colonial Secretary's office yesterday afternoon, tlio Executive Commissioner, tho Hon. T. A- Murray, ill the chair. A despatch, with two enclosures, from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, in reply to a conimunicat:on from tho New South Wales Commissioners, in which representations were made in reference to tho treat ment which the Commissioners for tho colonics bad received at the hands of the French officials of thu Exhibition in Paris, nnd also tho British authorities in Paris, was read ; aud it was repmtud that fourteen cases of exhibits had been returned to the colony, and that tho paintings, photographs, &c;„ would bo exhibited in the Au-tralian Museum prior to huiug returned Captain Mayuebad sold the gold exhibited and remitted tlio proceeds, amounting to about £-1000, to tho colony. The incdais awarded by tlio ^French Authorities to the New South Wa'es exhibitors are expected next mail, as also those ordered by llioNe-.v South Wales Ce-nrnissioners. The medals ordered iro ten of gold, twenty of bilver. and thirty of bronze. They have been prepared bv Wyou, and are suid to bo superior to the French me Jals. The Commissioner,, hold nnothor mooting alter ^ the at rival of the next Suez mail, which is duo 011 or about thu 9th of August. — ? Empire;' - I I' IHE IN I'lTT-STllEET,— Shortly befoio ]nnvT'r last night tho shop in occupation of Air if,,,. „ hair-drosscr, nearly opposite tho Victoria Ti,'',5' was discovered on firo. Somo young man wl,'1 passing tho shop was the fist to discover the IW ! -8 attention having been arrested by a stronr, l , '! smoko and seeing tlio reflection of firo throng , Z°f holes in the shutters. He at once gnve the-n|„ 0 Mr W. Comb, of tho No 2 Vouluteer KiroC n t# who resides only a few doors away from vjlI. J!. !'/' lire took place. Fortunately several metnliers of !,° No. 2 Company, were 1.1 the neighbourhood a tune, and ns a hydrant and a quantity of W ? always kept in readiness on Mr Combs prctniZ time wiib lost in connecting it with one of tho plug-, and a pretty good stream of water was pWnl 011 the firo 111 a very short timo after tho alarm® been given. Tho contorts of the shop, WlJri! vi quickly destroyed. Tlio front of tlio shop, tl,o wi„S .vc., was also destroyed When the firemen ent.-rM ) the flames wero fast spreading to tlio back room n„5 upstairs; but they were soon arrested byniean««f copious stream of water thrown by tlio No 2 Pn pany's engine, which had by this time arrived '1?' Instrnnce Brigade with ono of their manual cnilnM wore also promptly 011 tho spot, and had tlio ensi, ,1 at work, tho men assisting materially in cxtineifis). ing tho firo. Tho manual cngino of the No.l Volnn tcers was also present. Mr Norris. writing masw occupied a room over Sir Ueynolds's shop, atidnhii lew articles he had tlicro have been desttoj-ed cithr-r by fire or water. Tlio building is insured, but neither Mr Reynolds nor Sir Noiriswas insured How tL fire occurred is not known ; but as the gas was found turned on, there can ho littlo doubt that had it not been for the prompt action of tho firemen, the wliola oftho premises would speedily liaYc been reduced to ruins.— ? Herald.' Bad Bacon —On Friday last Mr Inspector Sev moitr brought before Captain Scott, P M„ a quantity of putrid bacon Mrs Conway, of Balmain, stated that on the 10th June sbo bonaht n swln nf ? 1 from Mr K. S Tiglic, of Gcorge*atrect, Haymarfcet, at 7d por pound; she hung it up in a cool place at home, and last Saturday sho cut it up and cooked part of it (the ham) for Sunday's dinner, but when sho took_ it up out of the pot and put it 011 tho table it stank very much. SI10 took it back 011 Monday to Mr Tiglic, who with an oath refused to change it. She then gnve it to Inspector Seymour. The Bench ordered the bacon (which was so rotton that ii was as soft as mud) to be destroyed - — ' Empire ' Bai-tism dy Im.mehsion.— On Sunday afternoon service was conducted at Mr Feriers residence Commandant Hill, by Mr Druory— after which threa females and five males were immersed in the river A great number of spectators collected 011 tho river bank and in boats to witness the operation. Mr Druory stood in tho water up to bis waist, and as 1 tho subjects came forward to bo baptized, they wero immersed in the name of tho ?' Father [ and Son, and the Holy Ghost,' and as they went mi j out of tho water, tho chorus, 'Praise ye the Lord' was sung by Mr Drucry and those 011 the bank of the river. This Is tho first occasion 011 which a service of this description lias been performed on the Ma-luny. We havo heard it mentioned tlmt tha Bnptists intend erecting a plnce of worship 011 Commandant Hill.— ' Maclcay Herald.' CiiAtrQE of Keeping a Gaming house.— Yester- day, at the West Maitland Police oouit, John Tauy» a Ohi-cse, was brought before the Bench, charged under tho 14th Vietoiia, with keeping a gambling house, in Dui'ham-stieet, West Maitland 'l'lie pri- soner had been apprehended 011 Saturday evening. it 1 half-past 7 o'clock, by senior sergeant Kerrigan and two others of tho Maitland police, by virtue of a warrant. Tho sergeant found the prisoner and two young men In a front bedroom of prisoner, s house in Durha.n street; prisoner and ore c f the mell wero playing cauls ; ono shilling aud sixpence was upon the tablo under a piece of paper; in the frmt room i-f tlio house a second Chinaman was also playing cards upon a tea chest with nnctlior young man, the seigeant saw 110 money, with theso parties; ha searched tho house and found iu a carpet bags number of Chinese cards, but 110 other gambling implements iu tho bouse or upon the person of the prisonei — who said that he was tlio owner of the bouso, nnd that tho cards belonged to him. The houso appeared to bo a common resort for somo purpose, al while the sergeant was there, ho observed many persons coming in at the back dour. Tho sergeant informed the Bmcli that the prisoner was n gambler by repute; he bad always, so lar as he had learned, got bis living by eaid playing and the like pursuits. The Bench convictnd the pi isnner of tho offence, and fined him £20, or, in default, threo month's imprison ment ; the implements and money found upon tha table to bo forfeited. — 'Maitland Mercury.' Colonial Kerosene — Mr Beatson, a gentleman who has been some time resident in the colony, and who has occupied himself with scientific inquiries, called yesterday at our office to inform us that he had discovered a method of removing from colonial kerosene the disagreeable smell which has been so much complained of. The process is said to be simple and inexpensive, and not only does not detract from the burning qualities of the oil but rather im proves them. The discovery will doubtless command the attention of those engaged in the manufacture of this important colonial product, and its merits will be fully tested. If it is a success, it will be the only complaint that has over been made against the colonial oil. — ' Herald ' Tiie Wagqa Wagga Pastoral Association. — On Wednesday last a general meeting of the members ol tho abovo association was held at tho Australian Hotel, for tho purpose of electing officors, passing accounts, and making arrangements for tho holding of tho next annual show. The meeting was very numerously attended, Mr W, O. Windcyer was clected president, .Messrs Hammond and Leiteli vico presidents. The committee and officers of last year wore with few exceptions, re-elected. From the statement cf tho secretary it appeared that the finan cial position of^tho association was satisfactory, but that great and continued exertions would be neces sary to maintain it in a flourishing condition, and to provide for tho liabilities that tho holding oftho next I show would involve. Tlio date of tho show was ' fixed for Tuesday, tho 17th November next, and it was then decided that tho prizes should consist of silver cups, medals, and lion, certificates, similar to tlioso olforcd last' year. Instead of paichment certificates, bronze medals are, in some iurtances, given by associations of this character. Tho intrinsic value of a bronzs medal is very little indeed, but is move durable than parchment, and a medal o: Ibis soit would, we beliove, bo prized much moro highly than any mere printed and written document would b(, however ornamental its appearance might bo. The association has nlrendy affected a grc:it deal of good in this dis'rict ill encourauing and promoting improve, ments in 1 10 breeds of cat-lo and sheep, and we trust that all stock owneis will heartily co operato fur tha support and advancement of its interests and that every exertion will be used to render the foi tlicoming show the most successful of any yet be d in Wagga Wncga — ' Exp -ess, July 11. Mai' of Syunkv — Messrs. Hunt and Stevens have published an excellent and very useful map of Ilia city of Sydney, shewing the present division of tho motropoiis iuto wards, and also the nuinborand position of every houso in every street. For municipal purposes this map will be invaluable. The churches, schools, and other public buildings have been inserted according to the most recent alterations and iinpiove inents. The map is of a very large s:za, and beaut fully finished and mounted. It has been dedicated (by express permission) to tho Dukoof Edinburgh, who— ero he loft theso colonies— was pleased to appoint Messrs. Hunt and Stevens map publishers to His Royal Hichness. — 'Herald.' The PniNCE Alfred Memorial Hospital — Tho subscriptions to the fund for this hospital havo all been from timo to timo advertised in tho 'Ilorald. In anothor column will be found tho fifty ninth list, showing an aggregate total of £19,006 18s 4d. Them aro many lists still outstanding especially in tha country districts, so tlint tho full amount 0! tlio sub* scriptions is still undetermined. Tho object lias commanded universal approbation, and, in spttool dull times, there aro low families that have not managed to spare something to tho fund.— We »avo much pleasure in recording tho handsome donation of £50 from tho eminent London firm of J. anu J. Column, towards tho Alfred Hospital fund, througn , a morcliant in this city. — Wednesday s ' Herald. r The Late Latin Brougham — Tno following «c* I count of the last hours of tho vine-able Peer, tnkta from the ? Mark Lane Express.' will bo read wit' interest :— llis Lordship had beonin tile e joymoptM excellent health, and in tho babbit ot taking carriage airings every day sincu the fine weather so in, and oven did so on Tburrsday ofternoon. returned at his usual dinnor hour, and reti'od tores between eight nnd nine o'clock.- Whin ho retire is stated to havo been iu his usual health arid sjiiri . As was customary, some of tho dfiincstios no 0 retiring went into his apni tinont./itnd '0 t«air aston ishment found him dead in his bbd. 'Ihe answer inquiries Hindu late on Saturnuy night at I''10;' residence, 21, Bin kuley-square, was that the tele|,i? which had been received from Laid Broug - brother, who was staying with him atCanues. s.ateu him to havo ' died in his sloep.' ?' ' Subrehder — 13d ™ril Warrington Fry of ICowali 1 Brush. Ulladnlla lately reading nt Mornya uml at Dnpto, sawyer. Ijianilities, £113 Its. 2$d. . Assets, £!) I Oh*. Mr Mackonzo. olllcial assignee. ' insouvhnoy Mixtinh — At -Wollongong, on Wed nesday, July 22: Henry Crawford, spccial meeting. lAOY IIenson . — llits rating nun.-, n ..v :1m pro perty of Mr U. K- Wiildi-on, Ii s just buun taken out of tlio paddock, and put ii.t.) worlt, tier own. r intend in' lo tfivo liura elianee nt Mand-vio'c -I «m rr.vi, mid Wnll- innoiis;. to carry off a prize, tt'u helievo thai ?Hhe -vilF provo ft f»r better rueing maro than she |,jthorto lias had credit for. nnd .ve have no doubt, bat that s:.e will appropriate one of the short races at Bind wick if properly handled — ? I'll.-t,' SnoAi-nAVKS- — A correspondent of tho ' Carcoar Horald writes : — Last week another severe accident -occnrru I through carlessuess A Sir Popper, u fanner at Briiudie, with his fiimily, engaged themselves at nii'ht husking corn in a barn adjacent to his resid ence, using ligl.ted candles for that purpose j after they' had retired for tho night tho barn was dis covered to he on fire, and all attempts to check tlio flames wero useless. The building was destroyed, and to add to t :0 misfortune, the year's crop, about OOU or 70J bushols of maize was also destroyed, thus leavin' this poor and industrious man for tae time penniless and in misery. iLi.AWAiiiiA Turf Ci.un. — A mooting oftho mem bers of tho Club was hold nt .Man of Kont Inn, Jambcroo, on Friday Inst, the vice-president (Mr (t. K. Waldron) n tlio chair Tho threatening aspect of the weather prevented a great number from attending awl tha meeting was consequently small. As it will bo sjcii by our advertising columns, tho programme was arranged, with a fow alterations. Tho Dairyman's Purse, made one event instead ofhoats, the Wood stock Plate wns substituted for tho Municipal Plate, as well «s several minor alterations. It also was agreed that tenders for the erection of a saddling paddock should be invited, which, when done, will be a great acquisition to tho courso. Tho subscrip tion list was then opened, and Mr G. Woods, jun., headed tho list with £11. ? All considered, the next jneeting lias every prospect of success.- Kiama Pilot.' Dr LiXG.— It appears from the Victorian pnpers tlmt tho Rev. Dr. Lang, of Sydney, has been paying Hallarat a visit, and has met with much attention and respect. Ou Friday night he lectured in tin Mechanics' and on Sunday ho preached to a largo con gregation in Alfred Hall in the afternoon, and in tho ?evening to a crowded audience iu the Dawson street Congregational Ohapol, to which numbers c uld not obtain admission. A Kusil on a Hank. — Tire Gynipio rush appears ti tie exto ding largely at Unlln&rat;, ns »ppcars from the following sketch, furnished by the Ballaarat Stir, of a sceno at the Savings' 13 ink there — Wednesday was the first day on which the Ballaarnt Saving'H Bulk was opened niter suvon days recess for tho determination of the ? nnual balance Tho Gympie infatuation being concurrent, the day was mado the signal for a grand assault by depositors who were fortunate or nnfortunrte enough to have balances in their tavor. Before bank hours the exterior of the La 1 ling was besieged by anxious crowds —men on their own account, and women noting for their hus bands or brothers. At 10 o'clock the doors nere opuned, and half an hour afterwards the so nowliat cramped accommodation was absolutely crammed by by a hetarogcoous assemblage. Speedilv the class of the window was frosted by the pent up breath of the pcop'e within and the stench was a olfjiisive as that of the Theatre Royal upon a charity night. Mr W. T. Pooley, the omnipresent and obliging actuary, was behind the counter, as were his -;ompetont aid, and Mr C. Flaxman, comptroller of Savings Banks No ordinary business had to ba transacted ou this occasion, and Mr Flaxinan was for tho first time made acquainted with the real aspect ?of a rush upon a Savings' Bank in tho minning com munity _ without doubt tho present rush surpasses any previous ono to Now Zealand or Queensland, either as regards excitement or numbers livery member of the excited crowd wanted his or her money at once, and as all were tightly packed it was a matter of impossibilitiy that somo should nialco a way to the counter as soon as called Everyone wanted to got away by the midday train, and as tho necessary preliminaries could not be got through with much swiftness, tho crowd naturally becamo -excited and unreasonable. They actuary en deavoured to subdue the turmoil, and was only moderately successful Females on tho occasion fluid to take their chance with the rest, and such w is tne anxiety of all present, to oateli the mid day train that gallantry wns wholly lost sight of. Many of the in -n. and some of tho women too, wero mid r the influence of diink, and this nd 'ol to the. complication of the affair One woman, who apDeared on h.-lialf of her Imsband, was unmistakably drunk, and the actuary had to threaten her with a -oilgingin the Vick-iip before she would moderate her tone. Bv 5 o'cloik tlio erowd was got rid ol and by that time ninety fou' persons had wt;h-tiawn their deposits, or a portion thereof. A few of tlieso were woman of ?easy virture, but saving habit*. On Tnursday busi ness was quieter, fifty-four withdrawals, being the ?outside By tho balance struck at Sdt'li June, the ?amount of deposits in tho Ballaarat Savings, Bank ?wa-t beyound those of Sandhurt, and next to those of -Geelong nnd Molbnurno.' Fire — We have to mention one m-ro illustration of the-iiiischief arising from tho careless use of liicifer matches, or in this instance, from allowing them to get into improper hands. A child cf Mr Samuel lteid's having picked up two or throb of those articles employed them in setting firo to a small stuck of hay which stood at a short di-tanci in the rear of Mr. lteid's hous, and which wiuH, no doubt, /li.ivo been very useful for the cows during the winter. 'llio hay was completely consumed; bat the fire did no other mischief besides scorching the ienee near it.— 4 lCiama Independent.' Huiisu Oil,— The Blayn-y csi-rospopdent to ths \- Oaicoar Herald ' is responsible for the following item What is to bo dona with hush horses ? ' is a question that has often presented itself to the contem plated mind They have been si Id out of the pound at a half crown, at a shilling, nnd nt sixpence per bead A discoverer, who deserves the thanks of tho community, has introduced tho practice of boiling tt ein down. As thore is no place where there is more material for this species of manufacture than at King's Plains, I am glad to he able to givo informa tion of the production liora of a quantity of horse oil. Will the changes of fashion over make it hair oil ?'' ? Siu John Yoong Testimonial. — An adjourned mciting of the cominitteo unpointed to collect sub scriptions and arrange for tho presentation of a testimonial to Sir Jonn Young, was held at four o'olock yesterduy afternoon in the Exchange T'horo wero present Sir Alfred Stephen, in the chair. Mr W A. Duncan, W. W Billyard, Mr H 0. Dangar, Mr Wolf-diotil, and Mr 0. B. Stephen, the honorary secriitaiy, Tho mimites of the preceding meeting hiving been confirmed, the honorary soero'ary ma le a statement ns to thepositiou oftho fund. It nppcred that by tho last mail £500 — in addition to the £500 previously remitted— had been sent to Sir John Young with n request that he would expend tho whole sum off 1000 iu the purchase of such a testimonial as 1 S'f '? him most 8»''ab]o Tho last instalment of [ ±000 had been remitted, notwithstanding that tho I subscriptions foil somowhat short ol that sum ; and j thnmjh some few subscriptions havo been received IS!'-n°- . . ro!n,ltn»clJ nt't'le, the committee aro stilt indebted to the bank to the extent of £-11 (is. tins is exclusive of all oxpenses— sueli as advei tising! ptHtaso, and bank charges. In order that tho ,1 -t°? . might bo made up, tho ommnittee 1 lo m . ''l1 '???sub.o.ipton lists open for nnethei j mnpth, and after somo conversational discussion in i olO'O'ice to that nnd other matte- a, the meeting I tl „ i'r ? ° 'lt !lay molltl1- 11 was thought that I tl !m W0U ? SD.'n bB ma(l° 'P. Q'xl that si LPmi ?i W°uld' WIthmit ^'g pressed, easily c!,n ? mnn,mt of £'4° necessary to square the I camnut.oe s account. — ? Humid.' 1 \Vo''/IT!N.|W G?n.D Dwo'OVISRr NEAR TK-! TOWN.— ' tlmt n Times ) mentioned, in our la3t issue, portion r'fl'i n,'i'.ned ^a'd l,ud discov«'0'l K»I-1 on a I Stan, n„ ,'wn Common, in the vicinity of the s on ? r8U,tn l ,,nd flPI'liud 10 tllB «°W Con, mis rof I Vr0Bl-ee1i»B claim, which had been roiusu on the ground that tho Town Common w,s time I T' -8 °f couneil. Since that 1 referoncu tn ,i° ' '''''K ,1!ls 1,0211 'lol,() with I there ara at plrmissi^u to dig being given, tint I and Rev™-, ! \Pr?S ' Ut (won'y oil the ground :l V',le9nro Progress of sinking. Pros 1 tlio ro«nh= ' W-n.3l'ed by VI' ious individuals, and 3 Wnnrnf. -'''j 8 ? to bu satisfactory. Tho locality I the nien tlmt0 ' S° ul,ont fo1'' ye'rs and I e. ti j- ar° 0,1 .tho fi'0'1'1 ,,ol(I ''at they are 1 of tlio U-.n'3, npJwitiistnnding tlmt it foiuunpnrt S that one' I,!;'!'8! lv' u-'ninon. Whether the fact I lately will invaHd^^WOrk , th° K'°'n(l UI)til 1- we camint vi» - i I ''- Pr°clamiition is a question | a,Ja5™»ai,u , i Ut' ' U l,V0bubl° that | Claims have £ no' 1 f°'', 11,0 8rol,lul I distance anil ti ' out f'r 11 considerable I brtta' d.,ho S0UD,!r ,l10 ,nliUu,? ' settled the ; Tills Flaneuii in Sydnby.— IVTr Macphorson finds tho recoss very dull work, and 1ms therefore been cnliveninec it with n. little flirtation with u nc«'s papek* at Iviama Subjects for brilliant luader.s are, no dotibt soinowlmt searee in that quiet locality, and it was certainly a hnppy thought of the edror (»f the ' Kiama Pilot* to hit upon sueha thoroughly original one as .Mr Allan iMacpiierson. Here was virgin ground with a vengeance, and the lucky prosj)ector seeins to have found it even richer than he thought The great literary want of the agci—tho decide ratuin which ail the newspaper writers in tho world, from Printing i louse square to Pitt-street, are daily racking their brains to discover, viz., an original subject, this country editor seems to havo quietly and mo.Ht Miceossluliy i .vented -ev.-lved, ns Hie tiuiimuin hwe \\\s from the tiep'hs of his own inner cnns-iou* ne.ss. Since Sou'hey's 1 Doctor,' which wc tflko t- be ub ut the bi^: est book about nothing in the lanctuatfe, there has been no such Instance cf the sublime power of imagination, unfetU'ivd hy common »-en-e. Ou Mr Macphorson h'insdf it seems !o hnve had nil tho ullect, very naturally it must he adini ted and of an agroc.ble surprise. That in the length and breadth of the land th -re seould bo fornd one papar capable of appreciating at their proper value tbc public services of Mr Mj.opherson is, no douht a stifliciently extraordinary ojcurrence, and ^lr Mac p!»erson,to do him jus'ice, wasequM to the occa ion Me had been rewarded at last for his patriotism and why should not he in turn reward the rewardoi ? Tho Scotch virtue of reciprocity, vulgarly known as 'Claw me and I'll claw thee' theory, is ono emi nently calculated to be of service to public men of Mr M cpherson's peculiar stamp A diBCriminnting critio had 'clawed* Mr Mncpherson, and Mr I Macpherson .returned tho complimcnt by pre Renting the discriminating critic with— a what? With a lock of his hair— a bound volume ol fe'\e deported ? .Jackiws/ or a horsewhip? No, with something much more roithetio and suggestive of the fine sense of tho writer whoso article was so refreshing to Mr Macphcrson's nerves — with a brass, we beg pardon, a silver snufl box ! The idea wa* such a bvilliant ono, and- the reward so appropriate, that the Kiann editor will bo foolish indo d if he dous not repeat tho expeiiment. There must bo p enty of our public men who wonld be glad to have their vii tuns advertised upon similar terms. I would only suggist that a more precious metal than pale and common ' silver should reward the next plucky pioneer in this new field cf liteniiy enterprise. The laborer is worthy of Irs hire, and articles of this kind must bo terribly difficult to write — Empire. Cai'tuue or a Supimsbd Muupeukii — A short time sii:ec senior constable Timothy Fubsy became pos Rested of some informaticn which induced him to beli- v s that the perpetrator of a murder at Cndd 1!, committed in the year 1S5G. was still residing in the Muntimbidgeo district. Having got on what he believed to be the rignt scent lie proceeded to he station of Mr Lloyd at Yamma, and there found a man of the name of James Scully, and believing him'to bo the man ho was in quest of, he at onco apprehended him on a charge of murd« ring a man named Robert Duzzacotte, at Cudd-ll Creek, in the year 1S5G I3iizzacotte was at tho time of tho mm d.jr in the employment of Mr William Howell, of Yarral«eo On being apprehended Scully said ihat he knew the deceased Cuzzacotte at the time of his death, and a'so knew that ;-.c had been buried on the b »nk oi the Oudclell Creek, at a place where there were severai J other graven. ,He also w-shed to know who were the! parties that had broupht the chargeof murder against ! him, but was only told in. reply that he wonld learn! this all in good time. The prisoner was taken by.liisj captor to Narandera, but as no magistrate c-^uld tici got upon the Bench there, ho was brought on t Wagga Waggu, and on Thursday last was liromht before the Police Magistrate to answer the charge of muider Sonior constahlo Ifoley deposed simply to the capture - f the jtrison r, and at this instance be was remanded until the 14th for the production of further evidence — * Wajga Wagga Kxpres* ' July 11. Safe on iiis way Home — Our readers will observe amongst tho shipping news in another col .inn, that her Majesty's good ship Galatea has been spoken with, ataron her voyage homeward, with her captain —our late illustrious visitor, the Duke of Kdinburgh lhe barque Constance, Irom London to Auckland, has reported that she spoue' H.M.S. the Galatea, under the command of his Royal Highness, on tho 17th o May last, latitude 29-G S., and longitude 33 31 W., and has brought us the deeply gratifying intelli gence chat then ' all wero well on board ' It is with much satisfaction that we repeat t is piecc of news,' which will doubtless scud a thrill of joy and thank fulness through tho hearts of many thousands of our readers. Our beloved stout hearted Sailor JPrinco had weathered the storms aud other dangers of that.dreary Cape Morn, and was, when tho Constance saw his ship flying fast onwards to the Island of Ascension. ' All well on Board.'* The Prince, longcrc this must be at home again in Old England.— ' Herald.* Iiie Bi,ack-i on the Bauwon.— Tho following is from the B.irwou Uivor correspondent to the'Tam. vvorth Examiner j — The neighbourhood has been kept in a state cf exeitcmcnt for tho la*t few weeks by two ot tho poor blacks' having turned bushrangers, Fhey made their debut on a surveyors catnp, wliere they got a supply of fi earms, horses, and saddles &c.; Thoy then robbed several shepherd's huts at Goonal, and Mr Wooiler's family on the Mehi had a very narrow escape from an attack made on the house one night, feinco then one of tl.cn stole a horse ani saddle out of Chamber's yard on the Big River ; the police traced iiiin to Morris's public house on the B irwon, where he had disposed of some of his booty and drunk the proceeds -r- is denied any kno wledge . of the horse to the police, but while thev werethoro j his br thoi rode up on the horse, and it is reporte d j that hu has bden summoned for illegally using the horse. Some other man travelling bought the saddle, luxon, one of the Moree police, followed him for two da} sand overtook him up iuar Colimah on the Uooin;, aud look the saddle from him. The Moree pence were after them lor a week or so, but as the Government only supply them wi.h cm horse i-ach, of course they had to return home with knocked up horses, having been unsucccssfu. so far. After thuy returned to Moieo they had four summonses to serve, uoithei of them less than forty miles. How were thoy to do i\ with one kuncked up. horse oncli ? Wliut a farce for tho Government only to supply ono horse to polico iii the bush, i: might do very wj;ll in town, nnd if anything Roes wrong of course tho policc Ret all the credit lor it. The .Moree police ate right enom'h. and would not shrink from their duty if thoy had only a sufficient supply of Jiorses to perform it with. What good would they be after a bushranger with ono poor u fortunate knocked up horse ? Old Wingle. — This aboriginal, so well known in Sydney for many years, died at Botany on Sunday list. He came from the Port dtephons district, and 'was about 70 years old. He died of consumption.- Herald. I) a king Roriiehy — Some time between Saturday evening and yesterday mousing a robbery was cmi initted at the A. S. N Company's offices. The thief or thieves appear to havo effected an entrance into the building py first getting ou the top of the parapet well in Sussex street, and after clambering along the roof of the woolsbed, they cut away a portion of the Venetian of tho window of the manager's rorm, and then cut away a portion of the window frnme. 'I hoy then went to tho drawers of tho manager's desk, and after breaking them open, succeeded in finding in ono ot thorn the keys of the iri'n safe, out of which they abstracted nearly £4G in notes, gold and silver, nnd about £13 worth ol Queensland Tieasury bills. Tliey also carried nwnj with them two chronometers which were iu the manager's room The wlinlo ot tho various departments were broken open, nnd all Mn papers, &c..; 011 the premises appeared to hnvo been examined, but nothing, bovoud the articles abovo mentioned, have been missed. The keys of the safe were replaced in the drawer from which thoy had been taken, and were found theio on the room being ontvred yesterday morning Notwithstanding a watchman is on duty at the G unpany's Wharf day and night, nothing was heard of the thieves, and no knowledge of the robbery obtained until yosierilay morning. Information of tho occui rence was of course, at once forwarded to tlio p.ilice, and tliey'nro now actively ongagud iu endeavouring lo trace tho porpetrntors of the iiftence.— ' Horald.' Vai.dabus Hams.— On Saturday' last 7(515 yonng rams (nine months old) from tho celebrated (locks of r I3l,yl.v. passed through Mud -co on tho way f »i W agga Wagflfn ? although so yuunp;, they are remarkably large, aud from their style and g noral appoarance. reflect great ciedit on the bre, du,-. who may- indrol. he proud -f s„ch sheep On the samo day. -00 rams also passed which we hear, hu I been pu cnased from Mr Bayly by Messrs. J 15 M Kinnon and A. M-Neill lor seven 'hundred pounds; such a price p..id for 1 aim nine months old in the.o tl','S,an'-!,hy SUOh 8'0'1 j»dS«s, wo think aiiaht to convice flockmasters where excellent sheep can be obtained — ' Wester l'ost.' Fat IJuu.ook.— Tno 'ox' mentioned in our last isnie ns being tho fattest wo evei reinembersoeing ill Newcastle, was slaughtered by ,Vlr Rouse on I h irsday —the carcase weigning 1G cwf Tlio ani Ilia was bred by and fattened ou the run of Mi Liuler, Singleton.—' Newcastle Chronicle.' ?Attkicfted Suhjiijb — On Monday last, n foolish fellow named William Sunn t. attempted self-dost- uc- tion by dosing himself with pniscn, near tho farm of Mr John llealey, about a mile distant fr-in Wa.^gft Wagga 011 t lie Albury road It seem (ti- tiie Kxpiess) that rim irt had lor sonic time past hcen'lendiiiii a ralh-r loose kind of life, an I tlion g ittiog 'di-guitod with himself and tile world ill general, he 011 Monday morning called at the houso of Hualy, wh ro ho knew that a bottle of -t ychnine was kept, nnd .secun-d tho poison. After lie hud lei t .Mrs Healv, a sister of the wool 1 be Hiiicid', misled the poison, and told her hilshand, and lie imnieiiiately went in-o irch otSmait and shortly afterwards met a Mrs Williams who t'ld 11 in that Smart had been taking poison. Hcaly then si.w Smart, but the latter endeavored to avoid him, and on Hi-aly eoniiog up t.i him, aud collaring him, tie denied having taken the poison, but afterwards admitted that he was tired of his life, and that he had done so and w. mid do so again. After leaving Menly's it appeared that Smart went t- tho house of Airs Williams, and that tho two nftorwards walked together towards tho House of an another settl- r named Smith, and that when near this place, Sin.'.rt sat do*n on u log, and s iying that lie intended to poison hiinsolf, deliberately put sonic of the con tents ol the stryclinino bottle ou a piece of biead, and commenced eating it. Mrs Williams tried to snatch the bread from hitn, but did not succeed, nnd then ran away to tell Healy. When Smart was brought into Wagga Wagga, Dr. Morgan was called in and admin stored a strong einotic, and though spasms in tiie 1 mbs, and ether indications of poisoning by stiycliine had set in, I10 succeeded in bringing his patient round He was hi ought up at tho police couit 011 Tuesday and Wednesday last, to answer a charge of attempted se.f-dest- uction. end was fully -jnm initted for trial He sat in tlio dock during the proceedings enveloped in a blanket, nnd looked as might have been expected wretchedly ill. Kanga 'oo Hunt. — An interesting kangaroo hunt took placo in the ncigbourliood of Goornong, Victoria on Wednesday last Notwithstanding that the weather was inclement, tho nuinbor of eqestrians present exceeded fifty, including two ladies, Miss A. Wilson and Miss s. Syke3 The accomplished horse manship of the ladies evoked much admiration, they having succeeded in retaining their seats throughout the hunt without meeting with any accident After travelling about twenty miles, tho kangaroo was secured neat' Lake Oostuiv Distuiiuinq a Conuhkgation.- On TMonday last a neatly-drcsscd young man, named Thomas Ashton, appeared before the Bench at Cooma, chargcd with having created a disturbance during Divino service at the court house, It would seem that while the Uev Air Soares, of Qneanbeynn, was deliveiing a dis course, Ashton gavo vent to some expressions of an unintelligible character, and was thereupon removed and confined in tlio lockup by a member of tho polico force. His removal was effected very peaceably the polico oflicor taking Asthon quietly out without creating any disturbance, and not givingthc offender any time to demur. He wns fined £1 ; iu default, forty-eight hours imprisonment. , 1 for tho disposal of cattle to advantage'''''1 