SOCIAL AFFAIR? S IN ENGLAND. TO LONDON, JUNE 19TH, 1808. TALK of Summer weather in Australia ! why, at present the heat here is almost tropical in intensity. If it continues, we shall envy the Polynesian Islanders their i literally of costume. Already Paterfamilias is hurrying down to the sea-side?, which now presents an appearance more peculiar to August than to June. On the Continent it is even worse, but then we have to do with home t Claire only, not with those of our neighbours across the channel. Such a summer as the present has not been known here for years. We should my "lot within the memory of the oldest in- habitants," but then the quotation would be so stale, even if it could find believers. Not for- the last thirty-four years has the wheat-plant been so early in ear. It is the same with other crops now above ground, in the central districts of France the grapes were in flower SO early as May 29th, and now the fruit is rapidly ripening, a circumstance without precedent, save on one occasion, viz.. during the year. 1822. As might be expected, fruit is exceedingly plentiful in London. English strawberries of large size are being retailed at all the tree t corner at 4d. per lb ! Cherries are cheaper still, whereof vegetables we have a perfect glut. These circumstances have naturally exercised a perceptible influence in the shape of falling prices on the various grain and other markets ; but as the intense heat continued without intermission, and not a drop of rain made its appearance, grave apprehensions began to be entertained respecting the safety of the crops. It was seen that we might have too much of a good thing. Seriously, the state of affairs is anything but reassuring. We are threatened with one of those severe droughts, with which the people of New South Wales are, unfort tunately for themselves, but too familiar. This very week, in anticipation of a defective hay crop, the price of linseed has begun to rise. The peas, too, are dying off for want of rain, while the wheat lands present a suspicious appearance. Yet, in the very face of these indications of danger, our journalists are sapiently uttering jubilant exclamations over what appears, in their sight, to be the complete certainty of a plentiful harvest. It was the same last year. Our leading journal congratulated us, in magnificent language, on our splendid harvest prospects, even at the very moment when experienced persons perceived how the last chances of safety had passed away, and how our gainers would, at the best become but half filled. A deficient harvest this year will prove extremely serious. The defective harvests of 1866 and 1867 have all but emptied the great granaries both here and on the continent and unless these can be refilled this year, besides providing for immediate consumption, the price of wheat must inevitably rise to a point far higher than any attained since the repeal of the Corn laws. The subjoined official statement of the quantity of coin returned as sold in 150 towns in England and Wales in the week ending May 30, 1868, and the corresponding week in the years 1864 to 1867, according to Act of Parliament 27 and 28 Vict. cap 87, with the average prices for the same period, marks the steady increase which has taken place in prices. 18G-1-58,730 quarters at 39s. 6d. per quarter. 1805 70,43 " -its. lid. " 1806 49,91 " 47s. oil. ., 1867 4,752 " 60s. 5rt. " 1868 50,96 " 72s. 3d, " These figures speak for themselves, and show how critical will become the position of our food supply should the European wheat yield prove deficient, as considering the accounts from France, Italy, and Germany there is too much reason for believing will unfortunately be the case. Nor must we look to the United States for supplies. Telegrams received this morning persist in maintaining that all United States wheat will be required for American use. Perhaps these facts may lead to fresh attempts at exporting i grain from the Antipodes. The state of affairs will be better illustrated by the significant fact that the deliveries of corn in the London market during the four weeks ending June 6th, 1868, were 497,150 quarters less than during the corresponding period in 1864\. ' Compared with the last two years, 1866-67, when the stocks of grain in farmers' hands were running short, the mines is proportionately less. A comparison of this and the preceding two years with the two years 1864-65, also shows that the English grown supplies were so small, that the consumption of bread this year and in the two preceding years at the corresponding season, had to be supplied mainly from foreign grain-a statement which is fully borne out by the actual experience of our millers, who, in many of the agricultural districts, especially in the English, eastern and midland counties, have, for some time past, found great difficulty in supplying themselves with home grown grain, and in many places have almost entirely had to rely upon foreign grain for working their mills. Perhaps the Australian wheat growers may derive some encouragement from the hopeful circumstance of the actual possibility of exporting Australian beef and mutton to Europe having been demonstrated most conclusively by Mr. Tallerman, of Victoria, who has just arrived in this country with samples of preserved colonial meat shipped via Panama. In such excellent condition is the beef and mutton thus brought to England by their enterprising importer, that there exists little or no doubt of a ready and profitable sale awaiting the various cargoes now on their way here from Melbourne. The process employed by Mr. Tal- Germany was fully discussed some months since in the Melbourne papers. It differs essentially from that introduced into New South Wales by Mr. Mort, whose project is regarded here with some interest by several of our scientific men, although not a few of our experienced shipping firms express their belief that the preliminary experiments are being conducted on too large a scale. We trust not. There is plenty of room for the profitable development of both Mr. Mort's and Mr. Tallerman's systems, should they succeed in meeting the wants of the public. The beef and mutton shown by Mr. Tallerman appears to be in a wonderfully fresh and sweet state. The meat is cured in the usual way, by pickling or smoking, the bones being first cut out, so as to lessen the cost of carriage. It is then bound tightly with string, wrapped in linen cloths, and packed in seeds or tallow, the cloths preventing the tallow injuring the meat, which is excluded from the air by means of the tallow. The successful character of Mr. Tallerman's experiment may be inferred from the ? fact that the tallow in which the meat was packed did not in any way meet during its passage through the tropics, but arrived here in a hard and solid state, like wax. It is proposed to retail the meat at 7d. per lb. for beef, and 6d. per lb. for mutton, which prices are low consider- ing that 1 lb. of preserved Victorian meat is equal to £2 lbs. of ordinary English butcher's meat. Low prices, be it observed, from essential condition of success. As yet, the Press, occupied with the details of the action brought by Risk Allah against the Daily Telegraph, have been silent in the matter, but in a day or two the public will become acquainted with the new importation, and the success which has attended it. But while you Australians are thus laudably engaged in the efforts to increase the quantity of our meat supplies, our agricultural friends are kindly endeavouring to diminish them by means of a " dodge " which must win, by its sheer audacity, the undisguised admiration of antipodean protectionists. When the cattle plague broke out in this country, the metropolis was officially formed into a district into which cattle and other animals intended for food might enter, but from which they could not depart alive ; foreign animals being first subjected to a rigid inspection at Thames Haven, the appointed landing-place. This ey s tem, restrictive as it certainly is, has been found to work well up to the present time ; but our protectionist friends, artfully assuming the garb of free-traders, want to alter it completely. Aided by the Conservative Government, who are naturally desirous of conciliating the agricultural interest-the new elections not being far distant a few of the shrewder protectionists are endeavouring to establish a foreign cattle market out side London, into which foreign cattle shall be indiscriminately imported, the only conditions being that they must be sold and slaughtered at the place of landing within forty-eight hours. At the same time -the restrictions on British cattle are to be removed, and the animals are to be allowed to enter or leave the metropolitan markets at the pleasure of their owners. Nominally, this is a free-trade met sure ; practically, the compulsory slaughter clause -renders it one of the worst monopolist schemes ever devised. The importer would be completely at the mercy of everybody except the consumer. His profits would diminish to such on extent that it would no longer pay him to bring cattle over here. This is what the promoters of the scheme desire, only they do not mention it. Their professed object is to prevent the possibility of the reappearance of the cattle plague. " Kill the animals at the place of landing," say they, " and all danger' is over." But they ignore the facts of the case. If one an infected animal were landed in London, nothing could possibly prevent the dreaded contagion spreading to the markets at Islington, and thence, by means of the English animals, into the country districts. It is, however, questionable whether the plague from which our cattle have so greatly suffered is of foreign origin. The balance of scientific testimony inclines to the belief that it originated in the filthy London cowed the ale. Abroad this opinion is universally entertained. "We, ourselves, have found it prevalent among the farmers of Holland and -Belgium. Fortunately, the protectionists are not to have it all their own way Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Mill, and Mr. Milner Gibson having carded, at the last moment, the note of alarm. 'The English subscription in aid of the Alfred Hospital Fund does not progress so briskly as was originally anticipated, the adverse opinions of the English Press respecting the stringency of the New South Wales Treason-Felony Bill having exercised a somewhat deterrent effect. Another circumstance operating prejudicially is the resolution taken by the provisional committee to limit the subscriptions to colonists alone. Still, a respectable sum will be raised, although far short of the £10,000 which the Australian interest in Europe ought certainly to have no dull culty in procuring. We have alluded to the unfavourable opinion expressed by the English Press, respecting the clauses of the New South Wales Treason-Felony Bill. That opinion is shared by people of all creeds and politics, unless, indeed, it be by a few of Governor Eyre's friends. Consequently the Disraeli Ministry have found it expedient to record their formal disapproval of the measure. Our journalists have been very severe and sarcastic upon what some of them were pleased to designate the " colonial brain fever;" but they forget that in passing the Treason-Felony Act, the colonists were but taking a leaf out of our own book. We have more than once found ourselves, under the combined influence of suddenly awakened alarm and indignation, rushing into a similar extreme, but without any of the excesses possessed by the colonists, whose conduct is defended in a very sensible letter in the Spectator. Perhaps, when the new Parliament is elected, we shall have a little more knowledge displayed of Australian affairs more than a dozen gentlemen well versed in colonial topics being expected to acquire seats in the reformed Legislature. Among these, Mr. William M'Arthur is likely to be the colleague of Tom Hughes in Lambeth, Mr/it. It. Torrens is making another attempt on Cambridge, while Mr. Childers and several others are each preparing for contests in places where they possess chances of being returned. The Aboriginal Cricketers do not appear to have astonished us very much. They are not at all up to the English standard, albeit their skill and activity in bowling are very creditable to them. The first burst of curiosity over the metropolitan public has an partially forgotten their existence. In the provinces they will probably awaken more interest, the pro- vincial not yet having had their education completed -under the sanction of the Lord Chamberlain-by a study of the lascivious postures of a Menken, or the wanton dancing of a Finette in the can-can, which shameless exhibition is about to be reproduced at the Olympic, after having gone the round of the Alhambra and other music halls. No wonder we have to complain that our sons are becoming extensive patrons of criminal literature, or that our daughters fincA unhealthy recreation in perusing the adventures of actresses, ballet girls, and persecuted milliners. No wonder either that even among g educated people among Shepperton thousand there exists a belief that old and faded features can be rendered " beautiful for ever by the arts of brazen-faced female charlatans, as if it were in the power of human beings to reverse the irresistible order of Nature. It is sad to contemplate the amount of gullibility existing among us. Despite the revelations made in the trial, Lyon versus Home, the number of English believers in spiritualism appears in nowise to have abated. Indeed, there are few professions more lucrative than that of a "medium." Once successfully started, the professor is soon on the high road to fortune. There are, however, a few exceptions. Among these are the Davenport Brothers. Perhaps they will be more successful at the antipodes. Who knows r But if spiritualism is really the mysterious power it has been asserted to be a fine opening has occurred for the demonstration of the same, and the triumphant over- threw of us wicked disbelievers. A legal commission is about to be sent to Australia- at-well the expense is so enormous, nobody would credit it for the purpose of taking evidence respecting the identity of the claimant to the Tichborne baronetcy, vvboEC chances of success appear to improve. The delay and expense thus occasioned might be considerably lessened, if not wholly prevented, were we to have a hint or two from the spirits ; but no, they remain provokingly silent, contenting themselves with rappings under the table, rappings over the table, and other trappings of a most multifarious and absurd description, until one is tempted to think that they must be troduced by the disembodied ghosts of some- body " not worth a rap. Well, folly will have its day. If we were to disabuse the minds of the believers in spiritualism, they would take to something equally stupid and mischievous. All we can do is to pity them. They deserve clothing more. JOHN PLUMMER,. 