THE FATE OF BEING DEAD WITHOUT KNOWING IT. I (From the Bill MM Gazette, July 1st.) "Ayo," said Lord Chesterfield in the days of his age, " poor old Tyravjloy and I are both of us dead, if we only knew it." It is astonishing that this fact of people being dead for years before they are buried is not more commonly perceived and acted on that it is, and not people only, but books, newspapers, institutions, and whatever else is capable of having life and keeping the appearance of it after the locality has come to an end. For, look where we will, on every side you see incurable and incapables tripping and stumbling hither and thither with all the pretensions and airs of life as if they were in the heyday of, a street-, while in truth they are only as spent cannon- balls, toothless watchdogs, ghosts, or whatever emblem one may choose for what was once something and is now nothing. A book, for example, can preserve an amazing; air of vitality and popularity for years after all the truth that was once in it has been absorbed into current opinion, transferred to new forms and expressions ; or, owing to change of circumstance, has ceased to be true at all. It is notorious that a journal may keep most of its reputation and over so many of its readers long; after any intellectual sap has ceased to flow in its, columns, and after it has begun to give its readers, instead of fruitage, mere abundance of dry leaves and sticks And so of human beings. It is immensely difficult for a man to know when he is dead to know; that is to say, when he has lost the faculty of moving along with his time, and living in its foremost ideas and aspirations when he has no longer anything to hope for, nor much to care for, nothing to contribute to the common stock, nor much to receive from the efforts of others, nor any will to receive it. Of course it may be said that, from this point of view, a great many persons are as good , as still-born to begin with. And this is 'quite is an _. as 11 .... "..ii.4.1."i.:'" ""is true. There is something partly patience and. partly comic in the number of men and women whom one meets in the world who have never been quickened into life by the stimulus of circumstances, and yet who move through their existence with all the manner of active creatures, They cut and drink and to a certain extent have the gift of articulate speech, and they go i' th' catalogue- for human creatures. But what of all this simulation of life ? They only move in a phantasmagoria. Nothing comes of them, except a certain blocking up of the way for the living. These persons, however, are to be borne with, if without sympathy, also without active, wrath. Anger directed against blocks is a waste of a good thing. ' !;'''' The case of those who had lived and live no more, yet remain on the face of, the earth notwithstanding, is different. 'Their obstructive ^ power is of an active sort, and, with the reputa- tion of their lives to back them their chances of doing mischief are most seriously ample. Take a politician, for example, who has been bred up in principles that have become sacred traditions with him, and which appear to him to contain all things that are need ed to salvation. The reasons which recommended them to him may have been good reasons, and for their time they may have suited circumstances to perfection. But circumstances change, and unless the main changes to and shifts his ground to match, thou all "the good which he did and got the credit of doing becomes in the public mind a ground for continuing to believe in him, and so past benefits grow into a root of present and future injury. The Americans are of ten _ reproached with their shoi'tmoniiiriOA towards tuoirstatesmon. They have a quaint proverb about the exceeding Hinallness of ex-president's. Yut ' would it not have saved, would it not even now, save, England many troubles if some ex-premiers and ox politicians of lower degree were to fall into as small estate as that of men who have filled high, political office in America? The good that men do perhaps dies with them ; it were no bad thing if they should do when they have done what good they can. For this is just one of those places where our English fashion of reverence, good and gracious as it is in so many respects, does us great harm, and will continue to do so until some magician has conferred on statesmen, authors, and all others whom it may concern the admirable quality of knowing exactly when they are dead. There is not one leading man out of fifty with this rare gift of knowing when the sap has ceased to flow, when his agility in moving with circumstances is passed, when the time has come for retirement into the cool and graceful region of reminiscence. There are so many reasons why even a good man should be reluctant to acknowledge that he has a foot in the political or speculative grave. His methods have answered in, past times, why should they not answer now He was in active life when his opponents were puzzling over its very elements ; surely he must be the wiser, Ac. The other side of all this is not apparent tohim,thattho very qualities whiohonabled him to understand and to grapple with one set of circumstances may most effectually unfit him for the comprehension and settlement of the next set presenting themselves. To put it into formula-a Immun character is much more likely to stiffen than human circumstances to reproduce itself. Perhaps the world finds this out most constantly and most extensively in the case of military people. No experience is able to drive out of the heads of a Government the idea that the veteran must be the right person and the, best person available to place in command. Because old General Scott had proved himself equal to the conduct of a war in Mexico, the American Government argued that he was the best man they could find to light a territory of thousands of square miles. The poor man was, in point of military capacity, as dead ten years ago as he is now English military history is a long chronicle! of the effort of man with life and an alert vision to break the monopoly of command enjoyed by creatures long defunct. How much, force has been lost to the country, wasted in this, house breaking and miserable and aggie, no mortal man can tell. We can only imagine it from the spectacle of the same ROI t of waste still visible to anybody who has eyes to see, and from the sound of it audible at this moment by anybody who has cars to hear. The penalties which a people pay for their adoration of experience are a great deal heavier in the long run and spread over the total than any which the adoration of rashness and audacity would be likely to cost them. Only the penalties are mainly negative. They do not assume the shape of usually taken by the penalties of audacity of tremendous and strife? tug disaster, about which there can be no doubt, nor denial, nor mistake. The mischief of the rule of the dead lies in the number of opportunities of which they rob us, of the achievements that might have saved us but for those, of the horses who would have risen up to deliver us if they had not been kept under, as though they were flames of destroying fire instead of rays of healing light. It is something of an open question, whether the men who were once wise, do not inflict more ill upon us than those who were always fools. That they have the best opportunity is certain. It is the latter, indeed, to whom, they are most indebted for this opportunity. It may be said that the aim-and characteristic of a wise practical philosophy is to keep men out of the horrid mental fit of being done, while thinking that they still live, by prolonging mental activity, or, to use a precise phrase, the faculty of taking an interest inagicatnumber, of objects, as long as there is any sort of consciousness left. This is perfectly true, but it is, not quite the whole truth of the Minister. To, take interest in things is only a virtue when your interest is untainted by the person of egotism. Most people would like to see good things done, but a considerable proportion among them would make this conditional on the things being done by themselves, or at least in their own special way. The very activity of interest displayed by the unconsciously defunct is just what makes them so truly pestilent. "The wise and virtuous man is he who is keenly anxious for this matter and for that, and yet insist neither on his own position being in the front, or on his own peculiar methods being implicity adopted. a Not to sum up the, mayoral in your own individuality is the beginning of wisdom. Mon possessed of this wisdom are conscious that each of us only marches as one in a vast and numberless army. What can one do is as nothing. When he has fallen under the burden and the boat, the great host marches on and on us before. To think much on this, much on the face and little on self, is the surest way of avoiding premature death. Consciousness of the immeasurable size of all life in comparison of any one, even if that be the most important, is probably the most indispensable of those elements which keep a character wholesome and life like. With this element the chances of one's unconsciously passing away to limbo, and yet persisting in fluttering and gibbering among old scenes, are indefinitely lowered. Mr. Charles Perry Hobhouse, of the Bengal Civil Service, has been appointed a Judge of the High Court of Judicature at Fort William, in Bengal, is' . :..... . , v 