LYNDOCH VALLEY. On Sunday, the 23rd inst., services were held in Trinity Church, Lyndoch, on behalf of the Repair Fund. Two very earnest and impressive sermons were preached by the Rev. H. Bead, M.A., to large congregations, and the collections amounted to something over £6. 'We may men tionUiat since the Bev. Mr. Bead has taken up his residence here, the . internal fittings of ~&ie; . Church have ? been greatly improved, the * walls have been plastered, and alto gether the inside appearance of the Church \- has become neat and orderly. On the following Monday an entertainment was given in aid of the same fund in Cranston's large room, which was well filled. The Bev. H. Read, M. A., pre sided, and expressed the pleasure he felt at meeting so many friends, and assured them the promoters of the entertainment had spared no pains to make it a success. The programme 'was a varied 'one, , and consisted of sing ing and music, as . well as recitations, scenes, &c.; Mrs. Bead, Misses Shakes peare and Cranston contributed very largely .to ; the enjoyment ' of - the evening,- by their excellently chosen songs and solos. Amongst the most successful pieces were 'Excelsior' and 'Mary of Argyle'— the former by Mrs. Bead, and -the last by Miss Shakespeare; A duet between Miss Shakespeare and Mr. Lyons ; 'The Gipsy's Life' and ''When a little farm we teep,' by Mr; and Miss Shakespeare, greatly pleased the. audience. Several encores -were loudly called for during the performance, and were kindly responded to by the' singers; The remainder of the pr-ogra-nnle consisted of reci tations— 'Marguerite qf Frande,' ;by.: Mr. S. Toms; and the 'Charge of the Light Brigade,' by Mr. T. Macdonald ; which were' 'rendered to the satisfaction of the audience. Then followed a scene from the '-Merchant of Venice ** by Messrs. Shakespeare, Lyons, and Calf} which was attentively listened to, . and at : its conclusion the reciters . were awarded with applause. Perhaps the most interesting. and amusing, piece of the evening was the ever-memorable trial scene ' Bardell v. Pickwick.' The various characters were sus tained bymembers of the Trinity Chursh Young Men's Society of Adelaide, the cast being as follows :-^-Chief Justice Starleigh, Mr. Shakes peare; Sergeant Buzfuz, Mr. S. Toms ; Sergeant Snubbin, Mr. T. Macdonald ; Mr. Skimpin, Mr. C. Lyons; Mr. Phuuky, Mr. H; F. Leader; Sam Weller,Mr. E. Potter; Nathaniel Winkle, Mr. W. H.WadeyjClerkof theCourt,Mr. F. Calf. The genial humor of the trial, was well repre sented ; the addresses of the Judge and counsel) as well as the conflicting cross-examination of the witnesses, were much relished ; tbe nervous excitement of Winkle, and -- 'the bothering answers of Sam 'Weller, were well portrayed, and received a due share of applause. 9 Even the Clerk of tile Court convulsed the assembly by the comic way in which he enforced Biletice. At the conclusion' of the programme thefChairman proposed, in happy terms, a vote;of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen whoso kindly assisted, which was; duly carried/and' responded to by Mr. T. MacDonaldin an appropriate manner. The programme was concluded, by a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was proposed by Mr; S. Toms and unanimously carried ; after, which the National Anthem -was sung by the company. Thus concluded a very. pheasant and agreeable entertainment, which passed off without hitch of ;any jdnd, and we trust will realise a handsome sum to the Bepair Fund. MINTARO, February 26. Our township is still keeping up a busy ap pearance. On Saturday last, the unsold allot ments in North Mintaro—the township recently laid out by Mr. Peter Brady—were offered for sale by auction. A good many allotments were sold at a fair price, averaging about £21 3s. 6d. per acre.—Another disgraceful row took place here last Sunday between some drunken fellows, It is really a shame that the Government allow respectable people to be annoyed Sunday after Sunday, as they are here, by a lot of cowardly ruffians who kick up rows with impunity, know ing that the police are too far away to be of any service.—Some of our musical friends are going to give a concert in aid of the Catholic Church, which, I have no doubt, will be very well patronised. MOUNT PLEASANTj FEBBtXABY 25. TungkUlo seems to be a mysterious place for fires, as another' broke out in Mr. Kendall's paddock on the ,20th inst., when a reapuig and winnowing 'macMne were burnt. ' . Ah inquest was held . before Dr. Ferguson, J.P. ,! and a re spectable Jury of 12, J. McDonald, Foreman. The first who gave evidence was Wm. Kendall, who said — The reaping and winnowing machines were my property. . I used them pu Thursday, the 20th inst. 'We left' off work between 4 and p o'clock p.m. Went to' bed at the usual hour. Was awoke by JaS; Carrafl,7 who told me the paddock was on fire. I immediately dressed my self and went to thf paddock, and found the machines both .burning. , ] Valued. : the ' reaping machioe ' between £40 and £50, and the winnow ing machine at £10 or £Wl Employed a man during the harvest, who slept in tae machine. Had no occasion to use matches on the day of the fire. James Carrail, swornj said— At about 12 j or I o'clock oh 'Thursday, .the 20Hi', wbibt preparing to go to bed, saw a light in Kendall's paddock. Banand awoke KendalL Proceeded to the paddock,' and found the two -machines burn- ' ing. ' The. winnowing machine was all but burnt. Have no idea how the fire originated. ; Can see the spot -where; the. fire commenced: from my bedroom window, ,ThdughtI saw alight moving about near the machine.' B. Carrail, brother of .the last witness, 'gave similar ?evidence, and said that he thought the fire commenced inside the machine, as only about two yards of the stubble was burnt where the machines were standing. Niel McGilvray, laborer; said — -I remember the 20th inst. Heaida cooeying at aboutjl o'clock in the morning; ' Got up and ? found Kendall's paddock on fire. : Went and helped to try:and get the 'pole off the machine. ., The fire, was coming out of the door of the machine. .This being all the evidence necessary, the Jury found th-? following verdict—' That the two machines were wilfully set on fire .by some person or per- : sons unknown.' - r ...-. .,; REDBANKS, February 25. News is very scarce with us. Nothing has transpired since the races worthy of notice. Trade is very dull, and money scarce.— The farmers are busy stubble-burning. Harvest operations are now almost over. There is no possibility of giving an idea, of the yield; in fact, it is not worth mentioning. Most of the farmers about here will be forced to purchase seed wheat for the next cropping. — It is melan choly to notice the difference in the amount of traffic through this place now, from preceding seasons. Last, year, day after day, might be seen trains of waggons and drays laden with the rich produce of the soil from Alma, Grace, and other localities, wending their way to market; whereas now the quiet of our little township it scarcely broken once a day by the lusty voice or the cracking whip of the teamster. — Steps are being taken to establish an Oddfellow's Lodge, M.U., in this place. This is a very de sirable step, as we are now 15 miles from the nearest (Virginia) Lodge, and there are a great many old members here that feel interested in the matter. It is to be hoped that the fraternity will meet with success.— The weather is very warm. — The ploughing season will soon «om menee. RHYNIE, FEBRUARY 26. The harvest is now all gathered in, and from what I can learn, the yield, will be a fair average, considering the season, though it will not reach quite up to my former expectations. I believe in the immediate neighborhood it will not fall short of nine bushels. The plains are very poor, ranging I believe from one to five bushels, and I have, heard of one unfortunate individual who is renting a section, and from over 50 acres has only gathered about 40 bushels of what can scarcely be called grain, in fact a full sized bag only weighed - two bushels and 20 lbs. It is such sufferers as these that should; be the recipients of Government aid, if any aid is to be given. I may also mention, too, that those, who are the more fortunate have in most cases reaped splendid samples, and would have realised from 12 to 25 bushels to the acre had it not been for the heavy storms that prevailed and shook out the grain.— Our main North-road will soon be in a perfect state, or I should judge so from the works that are going on. Hills are being cut through, valleys filled up, and creeks bridged across, as if it was meant for a railway line, instead of a mac adamised road. Mr. H. C. Haynes is just completing a new piece of road at Macaw Creek, over which a substantially-built bridge is being erected, and, from what I have seen of it in its unfurnished state, will reflect great credit on the contractor. Messrs. Morris & Milsom have also a large gang of men working, making about 60 chains road, a little north of the township. In this work there are two or three hills to be cut through, and valleys to be filled up, and for the short time these gentlemen have had the contract, they certainly have made rapid strides with the works. The sole management at present de volves on Mr. Milsom, who appears to be the right man in the right place in. road making. — Befoie concluding, I will remark that I hope the Central Boad Board will aee the necessity of having these cuttings properly guarded by fences to prevent accidents, for it is a very easy matter for a person to get a capiise with his conveyance when travelling of a dark night,' if such precautions are not taken, —The sad intelligence of tile death of Bit Dominick Daly was received Ihere early on Thursday morning, and evoked a profound sympathy., Host Kewson, of the1 Springs Hotel, had Mi Union flying half-mast high in respect to *he departed Governor.— One more has been added to the list of fires in thiB neighborhood, Yesterday an unusual volume of smoke was Been to rise a ehort dis tance from here, but from its being the time for stubble-burning no one here took- any notice of it, till a messenger arrived to call assistance. It appears that a settler had been burning stubble the previous- evening, and -either through negligence or infringement of the Bush Fires Act, had allowed some of the fire to re main burning ; however, it has resulted in the destruction of fences and a quantity of grass on the Hermitage Bun. Enquiries will be made to-day, and I believe an inquest will be held to morrow, after which I will send you full parti cular*. . . . SMTTHFlELp, Fbbeuaby 26. The newly-elecfcpd Superintending Surveyor for the. Norbh-Eaitern District has not been long getting into harness. He visited this place and saw the dangerous state of the road near the Bailway Station, and the result is a man has been employed to repair it. Mr. Boothby is fortunate in finding that man idle, as he will make him a competent and trustworthy Sta tionman. The job on the Gawler-road has been completed' by task work, under the Surveyor, and has justified the experiment ; the price, however, was .too low,. the- men having to work overtime to make wages. The other two Sta tiontnen, Quinlivan and Thompson, are always hard at! work whenever I see them, indeed if such were no* *he case they would no* be there, Mr. Macaulay seemingly te^; determined to keep the road, in as good a staw-as ie possible with the limited funds at his disposal.— The coming elections are how-engaging public atten tion in ' this locality, the present, members for the district 'havingj' at the ^request of the Farmers' Club, consented W attend i meeting and give an account of their- stewardship. There is little doubt of theirrbeing re-elected. —There are a great many men seeking employ ment. . A party of farmers left bere— over a score of them — to cart limestone to bne of the railway contracts; but for. that and similar public works it is hard to tell how a good many will be able to earn the means of subsistence for some time Jo eome. -z?- ?' TANUNDA, February 22. On Tuesday evenihg, February 18, about 8 o'clock, the people of Tanunda and neighbor- hood were startled by a very severe shock of earthquake, which lasted several seconds, shaking the windows, and in several instances making teacups and glasses tremble on the tables.— On Thursday the foundation stone of the new St.- John's Churchy at Tanunda, was laidi Many hundreds of visitors, partly from a great distance,' had. assembled, and at 2 o'clock, the time appointed for the ceremony, *he open grounds around the. new church was' crowded. A hymn was first sung in the old church, by the whole congregation,. after which the Kevl Mr. Reuscb., the local minister, read the 84th psalm, -and the Bev. Mr. Niquet, from Light's .Gap, offered prayer. ' _ A procession was then formed, all present joining in singing the hymn,' -** Come, let us build Zion.' Arrived at the place of the ceremony — Bev. Mr. Niquet again offered player, and after the declaration of trust, had been read by S. vonBertouch, Esq., the Bev. Mr. Niquet. laid the foundation stone in the name of God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and gave the building the, name of ' The Evangelic Lutheran St John's -Church.' He then addressed the congregation, taking for his text Matthew 21«t chapter, and the 42nd to the ,46th verses. All assembled then sang Luther's glorious song, *' A strong eastleis our God,' after which the Rev. Mr. Beusch addressed the assembly; ~ A collection was then made, with a very good result. A tea meeting in the even-: ing, which was very - numerously attended, 'closed the : ceremonies. — Owing to the almost total failure of the crops in our neighborhood, of course business is very quiet ; indeed a great number of laborers have no employ now, and can only keep the pot boiling by picking gum,, of which large quantities arebrought into the township.. . What the poor people will do when there is no more gum to pick is more than I can telL It is earnestly to be hoped that the Government will do something, to give them employment. —The news of the death of our respected Governor created universal regret.: All the flags Tanundaean boast of worelpwered half mast, both on the day of his death and to-day. — Election matters seem to be altogether neglected, and it seems as if our important ..district will have to go begging for a representative, which is very much to be regretted. I hear the Gawler people are getting up a requisition to the Hon. P. Santo, which I have no doubt will be : numerously signed here, but even. if he. should consent, there' will be another vacancy to fill up yefcr- A Committee has been formed here for the purpose of inviting J. S. Browae, Esq., S.M., *o a farewell dinner, in recognition f his valuable services on the Bench. ; WENTWORTJa:, 'FsBBtTABT 22. An extremely sad occurrence took place here .on the evening of Thursday, 20th instant. A main named Joseph Goldsworthy. had some alight disagreement with his wife about their son. Shortly after she went out, and he, thinking she had gone to a neighbor's house for the night, went to -bed. In the morning he went to his work as usual. He came home to breakfast, and. in consequence of what one of his daughters told him he went to look for his wife. Finding her boots on the edge, of the river, and tracks leading into it, the sad con viction forced itself upon his mind that she had drowned herself and infant daughter, whom she had taken out with her the previous evening. He immediately informed Sergeant Carter, who was soon -on the spot, in oompany with two natives, who; after 10 minutes' diving, re covered the bodies. ? An inquest was held, and the following verdict returned :— That the de ceased, Mary Ann , Goldsworthy, and her daughter, Annie Goldsworthy, #ame to their death by drowning, *uch being the sole act of the said Mary Ann Goldsworthy. The Jury have no evidence as to the state of mind of the deceased at the time of committing the said act. This is by far the most melancholy oc currence that has taken place in our township for a long time, and is in some respects a mystery, no sufficient motive for the act being known, the deceased and her husband having always lived together comfortably and happily, and the difference on the preceding .evening being scarcely worthy the name of a quarrel. — Business here is, and has bean for a 'long time past,' extremely dull, and we are almost tired of waiting for a change. — The rivers here have been almost at a standstill lately ; but I hear there is a slight rise coming down the Darling, which will doubtless be sufficient to enable the small steamers to get up as far as Menindie. 