FAREWELL SERMON OF THE REV. J. K. MACMILLAN. . Our readers are already aware, that the Rev; J. K. Macmillata, the Presbyterian Minister, who has officiated in this district for the last ten years, is about .to remove to Hamilton. As it was announced that he would preacn iareweli- sermons at oianiey and Beechworlh on Sunday last, the churches at both places were crowded to excess, as the rev. gentleman is highly esteemed by all sections and classes of the community. At Beechworth, in the evening, the commodious Church was so full that persons even were standing in the porch, and all evinced the deepest attention, evidently not unmingled with regret. The rev. gentleman was deeply affected during several passages of his discourse, where he alluded to the length and nature of the services he had been called, on to render while amongst us, and also when he touched upon his ap proaching departure. The number and character of those who attended on the occasion- — for we observed persons from various parts of the district, and of every religious denominationrr-was in itself a well-deserved- -trib-fte|. to the zeal aac? ability of the rev. preacher. As several persons who were not able to attend bave expressed- a desire to read the sermon, and as it possesses a good deal of in ! trinsic merit, we have been at some pains ' to present our readers with a full report. The rev. gentleman; took . -for. his text II Corinthians, XIII chapter, 11th verse, : commencing,. ' Finally,, brethren, fare- 1 well,' and then spoke as follows : — It is a solemn thing for a sinister to say farewell to the people committed to iis care for many years. Such is my position this evening. I am here to-night . to say to you all farewell. I stand in this pulpit for the last time as your ministir, and you will therefore believe me when I say that ' fyel the occasion to be a solemn one indesd. My fist' duty this evening is to give thanks to the God and Father of our Lord and Saviour for all His goodneis toward me, and for all t';e blessings which I have enjoyed among you. ; During those ten years, which have now p issed away, i I have enjoyed the most perfect health. On no single Sabbath since my arrival ia this plnce have I been ? prevented by illness, or ty any other cause from ? preaching the gospel ot the Iprd Jesus Christ. I have had no silent Sabbath diving my residence among you. This is no small mater. I feel it to be a great blessing which I have received from God. Other ; ministers are at times ir feeble health. They dis charge their public and private duties often times amid much weakness and infirmity, but as for me God I has been very good to roe in this respect, and I am ? deeplv sensible this night of this distinguished blessing from 'his hand which I have, enjoyed. I feel very thankful also for the many opportunities which I have ? had in all parts of this district, but more especially in : this tilace. of makinc known to my- fellow men the unsearchable riches of Christ. This is a great privilege ?which I have had. What privilege could be greater than this ? How distinguished the honor to be a fellow worker with God— to be albwed to do good to our fellow men, to have the opportunity of, in any measure, alleviating the sorrows- and miseries of our brothers and sisters of the himan race. '* This oppor tunity I have had among you for these ten years, and I my feslinj this night is, thst I have boen most un- i faitliful, and: that I have, not availed myself of my I opportunities as I ought to lave done. I freely and ! frankly admit this night before you all, and in the j presence of the all seeiug one, that I have not preached j the word among you as I should : that I h ive not i proclaimed the glad news of salvation here with that J earnestness and power whbh it became me to do : I ; have often spoken coldly whan I should have spoken '? with deep interest, and I have spoken with little life ; and warmth when I should have spoken with much affection and rtclijht. Yet I can hnhsstly say, that in : all my preaching I hive endeavored to do good — to say something to you that would be useful in pro- - mottng your happiness both here and hereafter. I have sought to arouse the careleis, to awaken them who are asleep, to persuade . them to be reconciled to God. I have entreated you, my brethren, not to quench the Holy Spirit. I have besought you by the mercies of God, to presentyonr bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God. which is your | reasonable service. Ihc -endeavored also to com lori me mourner, io i-neer toe uroKen-nearieu, to ouiia up be'ievers in their most Uoly faith : and through God's blessing to prepare you all for the service of God hcrea-'ter, and for the enjoyment, of his presence j for evermore I can truly saj. my dear friends, that this has be°n the sole aim and object of preaching among | you. Whether that object has .even, to a very limited j pxtent, been nccomplishid, or not, I cannot say. The j great day alone will declare this. You know, ; brethren, that T came to you, not with excellency of i sreech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testi- ! mour ot* God ; and I have been with you in weikness and in fear, anil in much trembling — and my speech and my preacfjjng bays jot been i\\*Uh enticing word3 o' man's wisdom.' O! may I say this night, tor per- I 1i»ds the frnits of my riinistrr may yet appear ' in ! demonstration of ili'o spfrit and of po«'er.' The chief end ami object of the Christ-iim Jfinlstry is the conver sion of sou's; the reconciling of dis- bsdieiit children to their Heavenly fallier ; thj preparation cf Cliristfens for the high inheritance awaiting them in that jreai, life to which we all properly belong. Any rajnisirr that falls short of this object is a failnre. IP 'foes ijofc accomplish the chief purpose for which it hiiS bejen appointed. It becomes me. therefore, ta enquire il'is day where are the fruits of my ministry here for all these years that I have been preaching from this place; and as T consider how faw these frnits are I ! stand humbled before God, and admit thai I indeed have been an unprofitable servant. Some of you brethren, psrhap*, have made no progress under my ministry. You have been heirin? my exhortations and receiving my advices all these years. We have bsonjoinin-' togetherin onrsupplicationsat the footstool : I of msrey, and wra are still, brethren, as far from Goti, ] and as alien:itsd from him as before. Have any of you, brethren, been going bAckJ, Is your spiritual life ' 13S3 Vigorous ? Is your spiritual life less clear than when I commenced my ministry among you? Do you take less interest now in the service of God, and in communion with him at .the footstool of mercy, than wheu I came to this place ? O hear me this evening as I beseech you once more not to grieve the Holy : Spirit — 'aw ike thou that sleepast, and arise from ] the ilead. an.l Christ shall givs thea light.' For if we sin wilfully after that we receive the knowledge of the i truth, there rtstnaiueth no more sacrifice for sin, but a fearful looking- for of judgment, and of fiery indig nation, which shall consume the adversaries.- O what ? a time this should be to you and to me, brethren, to humble ourselves before God, as we consiler what little use we have made of the ordinances of our Holy religion, which we have so long enjoyed to getuer. Ana yet l must not aitogetner oe niscouragsd. Perhaps there are some fruits of my Christian minislry among you, although not much known to me. Per haps some of you have ;been comforted and blessed, and strengthened by me, although yon have not told me. Under the ministry of my successor, perhaps the fruits of my ministry may largely appear. I pray God that it may be so. Paul plants. tYpollos waters, and God gives the increase; .Perhaps I have been planting here — the next .minister who comes will, I pray, water wh-vt has be^n -planted. ' The watering is absolutely necessary. as well as the planting. Perhaps this is the reason why-I am going away. O, if so. I will thank God for ever that I have made way for one who nill.be eminently useful among yon. ' O let us never forget that God alone c;m. give the increase. Lct.uspr&y; God to, give this, increase— to give the icease among yon my brethren, whom I have known M : long ana ioveu so well, o let 'us arise as one man; jU) d. with, one heart and with one voice let us ?£, °ech God to establish' this Jerusalem, and ton *1-'!£8-it a praise in the earth. ?? God shall arise and- ?'' raercyhave up'oh hfs'ZIbnye't. ! The time to favor he'rii v : como ? 'le t'm9 that thou hast set. I am most an»fo. ''Siibout my successor.. J have prayed for him. I trosl * ' you nli11 aU praT tuat'' Goi m*y sen-1 you one who, sh ? al1 be indee:l a blessing not only to yourselves, but to the whole community. The Church and tho world si. an(' in a very close relation to one another. -Your Ch'. arcQ an(1 tllis commu'iity ought to be deeply interestet , ' in one an°ther. The Christian minister shQiild ne ver stan« aw»y from the general community. Intbewel tare not only of his own congregat:on. but of the gene ral b°av of the People, ho ought to take the deepest intt 're3l-- Sis services should be also at the disposal of the community. And I trust, therefore, that the grea ' head of the Church will be pleased to send one hen ?» under whoso ministry many fruit* shall be gathered k '«? ancl wao wi' bs indeed a blessing to this c0ngra3.it. ! ' all(1 community. And yet perhaps I havjbeenhi -uored.inthe preaching of the gospel, to do sonjo gnoi '? - J think I know of some who will say that I h,-va b cen of use to them : who will s.av that inv ministry-has ?uo,t been »Uo;et1ier unprofitable to them : who will acknowledge that they have hoard something from ^ e whlch llas been helpful in building them up in Wim'.'. «. «nd comfort through faith unto salvation. It'ba solemn thought thafl shall preach the gospel nqrn-n 'e )/om,t1»1' P^ce: tint I stand in tllis pulpit Jhis r.iVA ' for tIlB Ixst 'me-as your minister, you will now, 1 atx Sl!re' r«ceive very kindly my last words, and a.Teclicr.i. 'e'v acce;)t of.my- parting advice. Often have I er.treaTA l ??'- ™-' (r^s. to be regular in your attencTsnce ca ''V T^ °.( pRlJJ?r- Often have I besought yon * ll t0 esteem the ordinances of oSrholyrelisiSuwatftV. '-?of nough. Often have I praved you not 'to forstSa ' the assembling of yourselves together. Let me do jo .am -v tj»is ni-ht O. let me do it with all earnestness and (x '' «' lf H''.e3S towar-1 .you aU There are manv conneota? * '? th this consrejation who have bee:, as le'gular in frviir i -evP as T h ''e bean in the nulnit --v'.io. morniiiiand pto -lin7 -it public worslii? for th-5J m.vnyy5a-s. layer, irely or never ,al«n;ed themielve; froui tha house of t '°' ? w!'° have always been in their place in tlw h&^sc i. -f P/ayer. IIibjw have beon a T«at encouragcniint ta in ''' the preachinT of the word : thyse have strengthen, -'d 'jy hands in this work, and have cheered my heirfc: oh ! w icn I have come hero and found some avv-a; '—some that I ex pected to meet with in tie house ol t»od — I have boen greatly discourage! ani sorely A 'eied. Now my beloved friends h-:.-.r ma this ni?h t. when I beseech you s.11 to come, at all times, to ti;o: house of prayer ; to conje morning and eianing to the . place -of public ? worship; to come, not -n a inero matt or of formi -but .p come earnestly, sincerely, and rey6i} ontly to worship God These are not the days for lukew.-.rmness in connection witli the Christian church ; we live in troublous times, and now if ever, it is the duty of every true Christian, with nil his heart to rally rouna the Christian church, as the. noblest a::d most useful institution ever planted on the earth. Let the hDiise of God in this place ever be^rowasd with wor shippers' : with caniest, with devo.'t, with genuine worshippers. O, let the Sabbath day— that valuable ? gift which God hn-- given to man for the noblest of all purposes— be the happiest and most welcome day of all flie' seven: And bo not only worshippers, brethren, but be worker', also: 5a. workers in tfte Lord's vineyard; be workers- in saying to others of your fellow-men around you, 'Come thou with us good concerning Israe ' O. come, brethren to the help of the Lord—' to the help of the Lor.i aganst the mighty.' Go out into the world and do good. Seek to wipe away the tear of the mourner— to cheer the broken-hearted, and to make the downcast glad. O, seek to reclaim some from the error of their ways; seek by your influence, and example, to discourage vice and immorality of every kind, and to lead men to the Saviour, who brings peace on earth and good will to men. The vacancy in this church it may be, may extend over many months ; bui, I beseech you all, whoever con ducts puvlic worshin in this place, to be found in your pews, and to come with » spirit of prayer to the house . of God. I trust this cougrepition, in the days of my successor, may be much larger, and more useful than it his been in my days. I trust that many who have more or le?s absented themselves from my ministry, may wait very re nilarly upon his: and that words spoken by him, and prayers which he may offer, may be much more blessed to you all, than words and prayers of mins. He cannot succeed, however, brethren without your own co-oi-erat;on. Sometimes people say of a minister, 'All will depend upon himself' Th's is a profound mntake. What cm a minister do without the active cooperation, without the diligent efforts, of his office bearers and people. He may be a man of talent : he may lie a man of diligenceand determination, he nwy be a man most anxious to know notliing among his people but Jtsus Christ and Him crucified, he may lie a mail willi-g to spend and lie- spent in extending -the Jtedeemers kingdom. Yet, if all depeudsupon himself. !:e can not succeed. A 'great deal » very great deal indeed, will depend upon the. co-operation^ ot the Christian people, and upon the Christian eff.irts of the congrega tion committed to l\i* care' I erit eat you. therefore brethren, tocn-npernteih--}very»-i}i»ith your mlnlaier inallthe wo.k in. which: lur.-t.t.ki.s'patt.T:. Sympn h ze with-hiin. Help him by your presence, ypnr;prayers. ' aud-your exertions, aid deponil upon it you w.H he sn eminently prosperous congregation. God will bless you. Your labour shall not bs hi vain in the Lo. d. During the vacancy, see to it that you. keep toge.h'-r as members of .the same family; and be earnest in your supplications, in private, and in your families that God may verv soon be pleased to appoint one here who will be an instrument ir making this Church an un speakable blessing to all its members, and to the com munity in which it exists. You may rest assured that no effort will be wanting on my part, to help you in this important matter. Indeed for many a long day to come,- I will be more deeply interested i:i you, in this community, and in this whole district ot country, with which I have been fo ln»e connected, than in- those whither 1 am griing. I will often pray, for you that God may bless you, and tuepsople imrng whom I have lived. In your children's wel;.-.re I v.ill ever take the deepest interest Most of them have been admitted into the number of Christ's people upon earth, by in}-self. It' lias to ine been often a cause of regret that I have so seldqnvimet the .children in the Sabbath School. I will hiive more time for this work in the place to which I am going:. This is a most important department of ministerial labour. I expect every Sabbath afternoon, hereafter, to be present in the Sabbath School, and at the close to aidress the children. This has been .a privilege which I have n t had in this place ; but notwithstanding, I am deeply interested in the young of this flock, and I will ever watch with attention their progress through life. I pray to Uod that they may grow up to become active and consistent members of the Christian Church, end. that they may be fur mo'O honoured than their parents in exteuding the kingdom of Christ, wh ;n w« are feeble and ultl, when we can do but little, atd our race is nearly run. ?-..-. '- To the Sabbath School Teachers— I desire now, ' before you all, to return my most hearty thanks for the services which they have rendered in the Christi in Church and for the great assistance which, they have given me. Ministers and parents may not, perhaps, as frequently as they should, express their obligations to Sabbath School Teachers : but' let Sabbath School Teachers be assured that they are deeply sensible of these obligations. JVIy dear friends who have thus helped me in my work in this place, accept of my grateful thanks. Your services are very valuable, and are greatly needed. Go on in your work. In due time you shall reap, if you faint not. Verily I say unto yos, ye shall have your reward.' Early impressions which 'you have made upon the minds of the young will last for ever. Men and' women will grow up to become moral, industrious and useful members of society, and faithful servants of God, through yonr instrumentality; and you will meet them in that higher and happier life, in which I trust, brethren, we shall all meat ; and there will they thank and bless you for your faithful efforts, in badirig them to the Saviour's love. Let me ask all the people to take a deep interest in this most important matter of Christian work. Our Sabbath schools here are indeed doing a-greatwork. I believe nearly all the children in this place are receiving Sabbath school instrnctien. 0, let us be assured that the seed sown in tiiis manner will take root, and in due time that the fruit will appear — in the holy lives of these children,, and in their active labors, in extending the ble^singi of Christianity. To tho olfi.ie-bearers of the church I also desire to offer my cordal aeknowledg3:nen:3; in conducting the affairs of the church I have been associated with them now for a long time ; we have often met together to consult concerning various matters Dertaining to the welfare of the church ; and upon the whole we have cause of thankfulness tbit in parting we can say, we have, done some good. We were greatly dist-esjed this year that ? pur church building was reduced almost to a ruin; but now the evil has been repaired, the builtlinj has been finished, and lam glad that this has been accomplished before I go away. ' I know, indeed, that our office bearers are most deeply interested in the prosperity of the church ; that th- y have the welfare of the flock at heart, and I am sure youwill all encourage them in the work to which they have been appointed. Do not expect too much at their hands ; with regard to visiting, especially, do not expect what is unreasonable. They have their own duties to attend to. They have the toil of the day to undergo, like yourselves. Then in the evening they have, just like others, their domestic duties to engage in. and meetings for Church business to attend to. When you wish them to visit you, send for ihem, and I am sure they will come. Send for the elder3, espe cially in times of sickness or family distress, and I am -urt: Limy win ut/Lcnu i«u uvery cuu oi duty Lt is inosc pleasant to be sent for. It is far more agreeable than ' ti- g' without being sent for. It is the Apostolic rule . ^-' 13 any sick among you, let him call for the elders pf the Oijurch.' I am sure all the office-bearers will : now feel, iCS ' vacancy takes place in the ministerial office here ttV'it -t is doubly necessary they should take an ovVJ5i''ht of th? flock, and that they should now even nior3.ti.ian bs.'o.-e do all they can in their respec tive. Droviuo-'*3'.t9 furv»ef -the interests of the congrega tion To mv'b-cthren, the elders. and deacons of this congregation, I* nfiw return fw cordial thanks. vVe have beeu allo.ved toother tC do something here for the good of the (JhristiuO-Ghurc.;- »^a Ipray tnatyoqr work of faith, that your. '.abor of, 'pve, and that your patience of hops may be civT^-ed «th success, and thai God may greatly bless you'; in retuiV» far services this comciuuity I shall ever take the deepesfiCteiT-st. I have triet! to be useful among them',' fy JE»-'aiI? Oi schools, and in various otherw:iys. Ihup.etll^ShaUeV6' ; be known :is a cof.'imunity distinguished for niorality and benevolence — distinguished for attachment ta the house of Giirl, and for diligence and delight in liis .«ar' yice. I regret that I have .'lot done mor&iu; this p!ac? in promoting the social and spiritual welfare of tha people. My time has been much occupied for many yeiw— inrt-se'l. .luring all the tims that I hive been lnre -in bnihliog up the Church in other parts, in esUblisuin? the ordinances of religion in' t ie neighbor ing towns.an'i vilUgas. This is a work frocn which my successor will be relieved It has been an arduous work. It has entailed upon me much correspoa dence and travelling; and hai often exposedrne to unreason abl= demands. That is all over now ; and if asr success has followed those labors. I desire humbly to give all the praise to God.,. And yet I hiwe not neglected to visit the public institutions of the district I have. I am sure, asarule. visited the sick in our hospital once a week. Fora long time I visited the aged and the infirm in our Benevolent Asylum once a week— more recently I have not visited them above once a month. In the prison I have for a lonir time preached every sabb.ith morning; and this day one of ? the prisoners rise up at the close of the service, and thanked me for the interest 'he said)- which I bad taken in their spiritual welfare.' Thus has my time -been occupied while resident amount yon. And now what more need I say. ; I have spent many happy days in this place. It would be unjust were' I not to : acknowle-lja all the kindness and attention which I t have res2ive.-l at your hands. Of course 'I have had ? trials and diSuuitiesto contend .with, as' we all have ; for there is no position. Oi life.=and no work whi,* ! ?'- God;n;i3 given us to do here,' free frbin'trlals and difa- ? , culties. I do not'expec.t to be more favored in this . respect than others of ray fellow -men. ^Tdb not er pect, to be free from trials and difficulties in the place to which I am ;oing I do not expect perfection there more than here. But by God's gnce, I will contend with all trials and difficulties to the last, seek to have the sanctified use of the same, and endeavor to serve God wiie.-everl live. I will coma ami see yoa agiin, and I trust I may find ywu when I coma far more numerous and prosperous than in my day. I am s-ire you will all be gla-.l to sea mo agiin ; and I thank God that after ten years ef ministerial life araoug you I I can enme back and holdup my haad in this place 'in i this house of prayer, now so 'familiar to me within winch I have so often in conducting your devotions at the throne of grace, enjoyed communion with God I shall ever look beck with the warmest aud fondest ' associations. For you, as a congregation, I shall «ver entertain the warmest love. I will often think of j you. I will think of you— especially ou Sabbath mornmtjs and evenings. I will remember your an- ' pearance ia the Church. I will think of y ju .and your families seated in your pews ; ancl I will never ceiise to pray that God may bless you. that he may b6 your God even unto death, your stay in death, 'and your exceeding great reward for ever more. Xo the Manss I will always look back with the most pleasiii'. rcco' leirions. It is the birth-place of all my children ? and now in going away from this home I feel that 1 have cau:e to be very thankful to the giver of all good that I leave none of my children b -jliind. Some of you my friends, have bee.i bereaved of members of vour families : some of you have little ones sleeping in the grave. It is not so with me. All my children accom pany me. I leave none of them in the resting place lure, ancl I therefore desire to be mon grateful unto Him who has been causing goodr.ess and mercy to fo'.'.o-.v me even until noiv. This ni-jht I desire to say, ' Hitherto hath the Lord help'j.l mo ' I am g.iing away from tfiis place, and I an sure .von will pray for me, you will pray,' that I may be a' faithful follower of the Lard Jesus and a successful Minister in the Christian Church, eye-i to the close of life. For myself, my earnest de-ire is : to be useful where evjrl live, to bo diligent 'in promoting the erase of Christ wherever my earthly lot is coot, to bo aa earnest preacher of the faith of Jesus to the very last, j to do all that' I can to tell sinners of the Saviour, to ! persuade men to become tho subjects of the Lord ? Jesus Christ, and to beseech them by tha mercies of \- God to present their bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which ia their reasonable service. In thiG work J deaire to spend my time, until -this I poor.lisping, stammering tongue liessilentin the^rrave. i 'Finally, brethren,- farewell.' O, live in the fear of j God. Seek H;s favor, which is life, and his loving ! kindness, which is better than lite.' Hiite s n with a great and perfect hatred. U. escape from your be setting sin, as a.biril escapeth from the.-srae. of the^ fowler. Study in all things to please the gr'e;.t.l'eing-' who is good. Love' God \yitli all jour heart, find ever ?seek that wischiin- ta^yreet in duty,' \rjiosp ways are.. pleas'an'thess'anfl 'whose ;palfiS'aifi'.,p'eaceY1''.:.'Seelc tp.. 'have a conscience vojd.'of, pffeiice ipwVrd;God''nrid n.an. and in aii thirigs-s'erve'ti-iJ''Savio*UT. Sbon si.'-''. life here pass.iiwayj ? Seri shall the life hereafter be ours. Soon shall i-ei-vici oh earth close. Soon shall happiness 'iii he.wen commence. O, look --w y with' me this nigbt, my heare-s. to the great v,hite Ih one. You nml I shall be th^ii. most deeply interested in tho- solemn events of the great day O, l^okaway with me this night to the time when I trust it will be s- id to us all ?? Come ye blessed of my Father inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation pf the world.' --, look away with'Tne this night from :this house of prayer to the house of praise, where high the heavenly temple stands,- the house of God not made with .hands : and see to it my..hearers that we, having truly worshipped and served God hare, may then ba found among that great- corifregation gathered out of all lands, from the north, from the south, from tho east, and from the west, composed of people of every kindred and tongue,-and people and-nationy-who are ever before God, and who serve him day ''and 'night in the midst 6: bis temple. '' O, may we stand hefore'the Lamb, -When 'earth and seas are fled, And here the Judge pronounce our name, With 'blessings- cm our head: ???-'?? : '? : ' finally, brethren, fa ewell. Be perfect, be of good comfoit, be of one mind.live in pjace, and the God of love ;ind peace shall-be with yooi' r.. Whe grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and thei love of. God; and the' communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all, amen.' The ' Ovens' Toll.: — In our repcif t' of '. the.; proceedings of the North Ovens SbiFi? Cimneil,. which appeared in last Thurs^-, diiv's. .issue, we.~ made it appear, /jnjji i proposition of Cr. R..D... Reid's, relative to the Ovens toil;- ''ifjiat. provided the lessee could nd't ~Yecove¥__fio'm the doach.' ?proprietors ...the' Council ?.return him .its share-Tr4s. 3d.' This should of course have been one-third.. The proposition, ' however, was aft-u'waris witbdrtwn. : Sale. oj. Cattle at' 'Hangar ATTAcrr,_ On Saturday last Mr Tone sold 35 head of cattle at Wansatlfla' consigned to him by Mr Heii'oiifoS'ii^^iUMoEg. : ' They fetched as . nearly,as;.-ppsiible -an- average, of £4 2s. 6d, which was considered a very ' fair price. '. ' * '''dr. ..'* ; ' ': ' The: Cmii; 'Service '.^XAMTNATibtf;— The result 'of the' late Civil 'Service ExamiiiatidnY' which ~wSs made 'known ' in Melbonrne yesterday, and ' the re sult of which we have_seen in a telegram addressed to Mr. Brett, has been very unfortunate for Beecliworth. All the candidates having failed in the compul sory questions, there'Jwer'e 'none of them competent . for the optional subjects.! We trust that these 3'oung ge.ntl* men will not permit this to discournge them.: Tbe'great secret of success is perseverance, and ^e have no- doubt our'next report will be more favorable. Mb Tyres' s'Prqpeb'ty;— This gentle man, who after many years. spent in the service of the 'Governmeut'ia thiidis trict has been, orderedlbr. removal to ;b,e Sale district, desiresus to correct a misv take^not ours— which crept into : the advertisement of thesale of. his property, which takes place' on next Saturday, at J. H. Gray and Co.'s mart, Beechworth.. The extent of. tihie land. offered for sale appeared to be 4£ acres, wbere-is ' if is really 5a 2r, 32p. . -'It is undoubtedly highly anriferdus, being p -ove/Tup to Mr Tyrer's fence on. one siile, ai:d beyond it; on the other. Tbe particulars of tho sale will be found in ; our adveitisiug columns. .' Inquest.— An lncjuest was held, by- Dr Dempster, Coroner, yesferday, at Elleu's British 'Hotel,-T-hree-itfrle~on ? the-body .of a Cline3e;'miner naifed KiaiSheie, who 'died, suddenly that morning.. . -His mate deposed that he was ^perfectly weiivin ihy muming, and-had eaten a uood bnakfast, but when deponent returned to the hut. he found desessed' lying -on his bed dead. Dr Fox, who! made a post mortem examination,, proved that deceased h-id died of serous apoplexy, and the jury re turned- a verdict accordingly. ; Mining Speculation. — To show what a different value is placud on claims when speculation and money come into the matket, we may give the Happy Valley Reef as an example. Mr Wallace, a few weeks ago, gave £5500 for the reef, plant, and water right. .attach '.d- Mr Wallace sold.; a few days afterwards, in Ballarat, one. third of his extent for £5,000. .: It was then proposed to float; a cpmpany/ of 3000 sbare3 at £5 each, and r. a, -few -of them were piit fn.:tbe- market at this figure. If we are-rightly informed, they immediately rose till they reached £16, which would make the H:ippy Valley Reef represent the capital of £48,000. , Accident. —We were sorry to hear y'evtfHf'lay that Mr 'Walter Barne't, the batcher in'- Camp 'Street,: met with a basty accident- by a horse kicking him in the ; knee.- -ft 'seems that the kick brokV spm6 Ia'rge^'BJpod- 'vessel, which, although ^r Bai-nett's- m* '. trying to keep on' his' legs 'Js % nomeaus a matter to be disregarded; ?'??- ? ? '?'??-???. ?-??'- The Mayos o^ -BeecHW0R.th:. — Our readers 'will- -be glaa^to-%ar-»that-:Mr Collier, after a sev.We'.x^Jap \?/ is ' again soraewh.it easien',' ThVcotS^''^*' is ono of the liver1, ,anr iih^*doatQrS,..^f ;er BSye* ral consnltatidn's'/ determined ib perform the operation 'of ' ' tapping.' ' This, although' : hot attended with iEe-'Tesalt immedialely sought, appears, to , have ret' lieved him greatly, ancMae was-:yesterday ? dscidqd ly: better.. ...v' ?? . 'i(,-'. ; The Beschworth^Schuetzenbest. — ? ' We' perceive 'tFat ';ffie Go'mL^iittee have ' issued their programme, which is a most ? liberal 3 one -in. every way.. One of; the great -features to the. outside public will ba that a band of no less than sixteea performers will be engaged, for the occa sion. 