TABLE TALK. CORONER's INQUEST.-On the 6th inst an inquest was held at Merino, to enquire into the circumstances attending the death of a child, aged ten months, named William Keane, who died of bronchitis on the 31st ult. Deceased had been attended by Dr. Jackson. In consequence of certain reports being in circulation relative to the child having been wrongfully treated during the illness the doctor applied to the coroner to have the body exhumed, and an inquest held. The jury found that the child died of bronchitis, and censured Dr. Jackson for his conduct in applying for an inquest, TEnDEns.-Thi tenders for contracts in the Portlandshiro Council will obe re ceived up to 10.30 a.m. on Saturday the 11th, instead of Friday the 10th as originally announced. LECTCnE,-. aSt night the Rev. J. 3I. Day, Mount Gambler, delivered an in teresting lecture :-" Tile story of certain Ghosts I have seen" to an attentive audience in the Baptist Chapel, Ifenty. street, the Mayor of Portland in the chair. The subject was well treated, and the speaker showed his accurate acquaintance not only with ancient, but current literature. Some of the most popular of onr English classics were pressed into the service of the lecturer. The moral deduced from the subject was such as must have made a good impression on the audience. At the close of the lecture which lasted about an hour, the best thanks of the audience was awarded the lecturer, on the motion of the Revd. J. B. Smith seconded by the Rovd J. II. Brennaud. Tllhe lecturer acknowledged the vote, the usual thanks to the chair. man'closed the meeting. tDcrED FLEsn.-Thde Bamuer of iBd fast sys i:--.We understand thbt a reduc tion will be made iinmediatcly-inthe rates of passage by the steamship Westeri, from Belfast to Melbourne. The cabin passage will be £2 for single, and £3 for return tickets and for the steerage i£ for single, and £1 10s for return tickets. The Western will leave as soon as the Warrnam bool steamer, so that no disadvantage will arise id point of time,- to passengers from Belfast." If the Banner be. correctly in formed, the people of Belfast will reap im mediate advantage by the starting of the competing steamer, through the enterprie of Warrnambool. There is some possibility that the fares-if.reduced from Belfast and Warrnambool to Melbourne by the steamers, the people of Portland will in time share in the advantages. The mer. chants here should see that neither of the neighbouring seaport towns ihavi excep tional advantages, as the consequences will be to draw off any little.remaining trade weposses. The are from Belfas, previous to this new arrangement, was £3 5s for a single trip to Melbourne, and the reduction to £2 maks ancalloance of 77 per cent A corresponding reduction from Portland, as is the cse of Belfast, would bring the far from £4 the present figure to £2 10s SSno.Cn AAsUdAcQnm rjisci nE FocEGO. Th:Hamilton correspondent of the Coleraine Albion, after speakin of the movements of II. R. II. the Duke of Edinburgh, goes on to ay :-Speaking of the Prince reminds me of hisa hving inrited his lte host Mr. Moffat, of Hopkins Hill, to visithim during his illness at Sydney. Mr Moffat accepted the invitation I believe, and will remain in Sydney until the sailing of the Galatea. The Prince has also signified his remembrance of his trip to the Western District by sending his carte de visite portraits ol himelf, endorsed with his auto raph to some if not all of his friends in the district. - FPasIAnIMan Is QU?tsrs-.AND.-The fol lowing choice ,seciman of orthography and cowardice has been sentfor publication to the Queensland Guardian by Mr. G. R. Drury, ot Brisbane, to whom it was addressed : " Fenianism is Brisbane. Ilead- quarters. To Mr. Drury. Sir,-The dastardly way in which you spoke at the public meeting against tho fenians has arroused in the minds of the lenians a murderous hatred against ,ou for they intend to have your life when an opportunity offers them so bewart and fe from the wroth to come and the gloom that is aaning over you. We intended it on Saturday night only we postponed it for a better time and not only you but others the time will, befor .long. when the fiiians of Brisbane will murder you and others whom i decline to name, so beware as the lot has fallen to .me to shot you. As.· IrU PFE As." FsIJ IsL.Aos;-W-L see by the G-elong papers that a number of the residents in that town are about emigrating to the Fiji Islands, some having thrown up lucrative situations to proceed thore:-"Several ladies accompanying tho expedition." says the Adoertiser, " and we understand that one of our principal medical men intends seeing what the islands are made of." PaJsnerrTry oF H1AMELTON.-This Pres bytery, says toe luamilton Spctalor of ttlo 8th, held its quarterly meeting in the Pres b terian Church here on Wednesday last. There were present: Rleds. J. Henderson (in the chair), J. Don, J. I'Roberts, S. KelIo, minirters, with Mr. D. Laidlaw, elder. The moderator, referrisng t0 the lamented death of their late clerk, said it was hisi duty to ask one of the brethren to act as clerk ad interim, and Mr. M'Roberts was requested to do so. It was resolved that the following minute be entered on the Presbytery records touching the removal ot their lato beloved brother: "The Rev. Angus Mac'lonald, whose sudden and unexpected death, by a fall from his horse, took place on the 23rd March last, acted as clerk to the Hamilton Presbytery since its formation ; nnd by the accurate, pains-taking, ani highly efficient manner in which'he discharged the duties pertaining to his oiice, laid the members of the Presbv tfry, and the different congregations within is bounds, under deep obligntion to him. His position, as minister o tihe large and in fluential congregation of Hamilton, brought him much under public notice in tbo com munity, and, as a public mnn, he was char aclrrio I by sea ity of minner, independence ol thought, andl great decision of conduct. IIis ministry of tne word was earnest, faith lul, and diligent, and also with much meek ness and simplicity of spirit. His duties as a pastor occupied n large portion of his time and attention, and his intercolrse with his people in their homes will long be remem bered by the mass, being at once ploesant and profitable. le was deep interested in, anti warmly attached to, tho Church of his fathlrs. And yet Ih loved all who loved tile Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and trauth. The Presbytery record their deep sense of his kind;ne.s and faithfulness as a friend, their full conviction of his consistency and efficiency as a mninister of tie Gospel, and their profound and heartfelt sorrow that he has been so sud. denly and so nysterionsly removed from their midst." The Presbytery agreed to transmit .Mrs. Macdonald a copy of this minute, cecompanied by a letter of con dolence and sympathy from the Presbytery (to be wri;tcn by .1r. Don). The liev. S. Kelso was :appointed clerk of Prebytcery. The eyv. James Don was appointed to prcearh in Hamilton on the Stih current, and to de clare the pastorel charge of the congregation vacant. .Mr. Kclso agreed to supply tile pul pit on the 12th, and .Mr. llenderson on the 19th April. Thle Rev. D. Macdonald (Emer ald Ii1ll), was anppintec to supply tile 2Gthl April, nad the first tro Shhbb.aths of May. M r 31'ntobcrts wras appointed nodcerator of the IIalniltons Sction during thie vacancy of the congregation. Mr lcnslcrson, persuant to notice, snhmbmitted motion of overture to the Commoission of Ass.:mbly, on the too frequent nmeelings of Presbytery, but tie motion waO not seconded. A letter was read Iromi the united congregations of Casterton and Cole ramine, sraying tihe Presbytery tJ take the necessary steps to Ihvne ; minister settled amnong ticns The prayer of thie petitiou was granted, and Mr M'ltoberts was appuint ed to preach iat Castcrton onl the Ilth and at Coleraine in thie Ollth .\ril, anld inoderatl inl a call to a minister, shou'ld lie find the people ready for a settlcimeent, the ofliciating minis tcr to inake the necessary intimation. The I'cesbytery, ufter dispasinsg ol beveral other items of businrcs, a!journed, to meet at Iranxlnolsne, os tile 'lst April current. The mceting closed with prayer. * TST-iitoN?is.-.Aoid colonist of South Australia has forvarded through the Acting. G?rernor a:gold welc, chain, and locket to Lr. Vial, Sydno,; who acted so courageously on theo occasio of tie .aeto attompt on thi Prince's lile. It is proposed in South Aus tralia, to raise a subsc-iption for a present to Mrs. Vial. 