THE WEEK'S NEWS. The Savings Bank.—At a special meeting of the Trustees of the Savings Bank held on Friday morning, the 4th instant, it was decided to reduce tbe interest upon mortgages to the Trustees from 8 to 7 per cent. The new rate will come into operatiou at once (as a notification in our adver tising columns intimates) so far as regards new lo'aus, and from the 31st instant so far as regards all existing loans. Equity Codet.—The Primary Judge sat in Equity on Friday, December 4, when judgment was delivered in favour of the plaintiffs in the case of Cherry and Another v. McEllister and Another. An argument took place on a demurrer in the suit of Basedow v. Schumacher and Polack; but judg ment was reserved. Peesentation to Mrs. Hamley.—On Thursday afternoon, the 3rd instant, the members of the North Adelaide Croquet Club, at one of their usual gatherings, when the majority of those composing the Ciub were in attendance, presented Mrs. Hamley, the lady of the Acting Governor, with an extremely handsome gold brooch and earrings to match, set with pearls and precious stoues; also another pair of eardrops in gold. The articles presented, which were chaste and elegant in design, were procured from the esta blishment of Mr. Steiner, the jeweller. The Hon. Captain Bagot had been selected to make the presentation, and performed the task gracefully, addressing Mr. Hamley as follows:—"I have been deputed by my fellow-members of the Croquet Ciub to express to you the deep sorrow and regret we all feel at the near approach of the day of your departure from amongst us, by which we will be deprived of the exceeding favour we enjoyed in the patronage you so kindly accorded to our Club— a patronage, not of form only, but of unceasing acts of kindness and courtesy. To you have we been indebted for permission to hold our meetings on this delightful spot, and for finding the drawing rooms of Government House ever open to us for rest and refreshment; and we are but too pain fully convinced that with you will depart much of the spirit and enjoyment that animated the Club while under your presi dency. Deeply anxious that we may continue to occupy a place in your memory when far away, we crave your acceptance of the trinket I now place in your hands, iu the fond hope that when worn and looked upon it may call to your recollec tion the familiar faces which now surround you. and the pleasant hours we have passed together. Go where you may, rest assured that those pleasant hours, cheered and enlivened by your presence, will not be forgotten by us, and not by us only, but by all who, during your occupancy of Government House, have participated in tbe truly elegant and most enjoyable festivities provided for them, will the name of Hamley he remembered as something not to be easily forgotten. Allow me to add that I feel assured that not only those thus honoured, but every person in the colony will deeply regret the departure of our excellent and highly-esteemed Acting Governor, and that all will gladly join in prayer that health, prosperity, and success may attend upon yon and him wher ever the service of our well-beloved Queen may call him, and that honour and dis tinction may be his well-merited reward.1' Mrs. Hamley, in acknowledging the gift, said:— "Ladies and Gentlemen of the North Adelaide Croquet Club—Accept my sinceie thanks for the very handsome presents you have so kindly pre sented to me. I assure you I shall highly prize them. They will often recall the many friends 1 have met, and the exceedingly pleasant time I have passed in South Australia. Believe me, I shall feel very sad when I have to say farewell to the Club, which I am sure you will all allow has been a complete success, thanks to Captain Fvler arid thc> other members of the Committee. Again allow meto thank yon for your beautiful presents, but especially for the kind sentiments expressed to me through the Hon. Captain Bagot." REPRESENTATION OF G.AWLEB WaBD.—The ratepayers of Gawler Ward are reminded of the election of a Councillor to-day in place of Mr. W. K. Simms, 1LP., resigned. The candidates arc Messrs. H. Brice and C. E. Tidemann. The polling will take place at the premises adjoining the Theatre Royal. Accident at Clarendon.—On Monday. No vember 30, a young son of Mr. Joseph Lucas, of Kangarilla, whilst climbing a tree to catch opossums, lost his hold, and fell to the ground, thereby causing concussion of the brain. Dr. Packard was at once sent for, and by his judicious treatment we are happy to say he is progressing favourably. The South-East Drainage Works.—We (Mount Gambi r Standard) are in a position to state that, notwithstanding the projected de parture of Mr. Goyder for the Northern Territory, it is intended to prosecute tiie drainage works in this district with renewed vigour without any delay. This will create a demand for a large number of labouring hands at the works. Kapunda Mine.—We (Herald) regret to hear that no pitches have been surveyed at the mine for letting to the tributers. This will be a heavy blow to the parties more immediately concerned, and we trust that it may prove to be merely a tem porary stoppage of tributing. Wc are informed that a number of the surface hands have also been discharged. Poet Corporation.—A meeting of the Port Adelaide Corporation took place on Thursday evening, when the newly-elected Mayor (Mr. J. M. Sinclair), Councillors Bennett, Michel more, and Lindsay, also Mr. F. H. Rix, one of the Auditors, took the usual oath of allegiance, and signed the declaration of acceptance of office. Some refresh ments were then placed on the table, and the healths of the Mayor, present and past Councillors, Town Clerk, and several of the toasts were pro posed and responded to in appropriate speeches. The Recent Fire Cases at Mount Gambier. —We understand that notice has been given of appeal to the Local Court of Appeals in the cases of Saville and others, plaintiffs, agamst Clarke. Eosevvorthy and Forresters Railway.— With reference to the report of the interview be tween the deputation and the Commissioner of Public Work6 on November 29, Mr. William Forrest, of Pinkerton's Plains, requests us to state that he spoke of the distance between Adelaide and Reeve's Plains as being :i) miles, not 20 miles, as printed. Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society.—The monthly Committee meeting of this Society was held at their office, Register Chambers, on Friday, December 4. Present—The Hon. W. W. TuxforJ (in the chair), Messrs. J. F. ! Paseoe. G. Bennett, E. Smith, W. Murray, J. j Cobblediek, E. Smith, J. Frame, A. McKenzie, G. F. Ind, D. Lithgow, J. Harvey, W. Hackelt, E. W. Andrews, W. Ferguson, A. 15. Murray, and C. J. Coates (Secretary). Mr. Haekett repoited that, in accordance with tlic resolution of last meeting, a deputation from the Society waited on the Chief Secretary, who received them very favourably, to request the assistance of the Government, and he thought there was every probability of their appli cation having a good effect. A question having arisen as to a matter which cccurred at the late Show, it was resolved that in future any exhibitor refusing to place the ticket awarded by the Judges on liis exhibit, or removing it, should be disquali fied from receiving the prize for it. A protest by Mr. Bagot against Messrs. Dean & Laughton receiving a pi ize for stall-fed cow was considered. The prize-takers had been communicated with, but made no reply. Mr. Bennett 6t;ued that the cow in question had come down from the North but a fortnight before the Show, and had only then been stall-fed. This sort of thin-: had been done on other occasions. Mr. 11. Smith said it was a mis take to give prizes for stall-fed cattle at all, as it was the general rule to grass-feed in this country, i It was resolved to withhold the prize. Considera tion of two other protests were deferred. It was j decided to hold a Show in February, and Messrs. ' Paseoe, Haekett, Frame, 11. Smith, Bagot, Ind, and Andrews were appointed a Committee to pre pare the prize-list. Prizes were ordered to be paid to Nation Brothers for the!:- exhibits of turkeys at the October Show. Some oilier routine business was disposed of. Suicide.—Some consternation was caused on Friday morning at the Port by the report that a gentleman who had lieen lodging at the Port Admiral Hotel had committed suieide. It appears that deceased, who was a resident of Auburn, had been staying at the Hotel since Wednesday last, and that he retired about II o'clock on Thursday night. As he was not up At breakfast hour, the servant knocked at his door between aud 10. but obtained no answer. Th:-. was communicated to Mr. Y'eo, who finding that the door was locked, procured a ladder, and eticeLed an entrance by the front window. Ou entering the room he found the deceased in bed, apparently sleeping, but on approaching him saw that he was dead. He imme diately gave information to the police and to Dr. Gething, and on search being made a phial, which had contained laudanum, and was marked as such, also a glass cjmax.ng dregs of the same poison, were found in the room. On the table was found a small piece o: naper. addressed to the landlord, as follows:-" Mr. Yeo-Telegraph to N. Sowton, auctioneer, Auburn. lie is my agent, and will defray expenses.—Richard H. Taylor." The deceased had apparently been smoking after swallowing the poisou. as his pipe was lying on the chair close by the bedside. The Coroner having : }j.»eri communicated with, gave directions for a. I poi'-irortem examination to be made, and an. ! inquest will be held this ni .rub!,'. Fatal Accident and Inquest at Norwood.— On Thursday, December % an inquest was held by the Coroner (Mr. E. Ingleby) on the body of Johann Christof Brockman, who had met with his death on the previous day by a kick from a colt. • A Jury of 13 was emnannelled, of which Mr. J. Z. Sellar was chosen Foreman. Alfred Chapman, a boy of abont 14, said that he knew the deceased, and on Wednesday afternoon went with him to catch a colt, which had ran away. Deceased caught the horse and put a rope round its neck, intending to take it to the Maid and Magpie. He had gone as far as the Buck's Head wheu the horse bolted from Mm, and ran through Nelson-street into Osmond-terrace into a yard, where it was caught Deceased was leading it again by a short rope, when it again escaped. On being captured the man tied a long rope round its neck, and went on a little further, when the horse attempted to bite him, and the deceased kicked it. The animal again . tried to get away, and the man, to prevent thia, twisted the rope round his arm. The horse then pulled him down and dragged him across the .road to a fence, where it kicked him on the head, and then pulled him along, knocking him against a post and a brick pier, where the rope broke. Witness ran up to him, and found the deceased bleeding profusely from the forehead and nose. He called a lady who was opposite. She came, bringing a pillow and 6ome water. Dr. Scott was then brought, and a stretcher was sent for, on which the man was taken to the Vintage Shades. Elizabeth Criffenden deposed to having seen the accident, and gone over to the deceased, who was bleeding at the head. . She returned to fetch some water, and on coming again found a woman bathing his head. He died a moment after. Henry Scott, legally qualified medical practitioner, said that on arriving at the scene of the accident he found the deceased dead. He attributed liis death to an injury received from a kick or a blow on the temple bone, just above the ear. The wound was very deep. The Jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death." Incendiarism at Truro.—An inquest was held on the late fire in Mr. Hoath's paddock of wheat on Tuesday at the Crown Inn. Mr. A. Shannon, J. P., acted as Coroner, and a Jury of 12 was sworn, of whom Mr. J. Sharland was chosen Foreman. ; After the evidence of several witnesses had been heard, the Jury arrived at the verdict "That the fire was lit wilfully by some person or persons unknown." A Narrow Escape.—Mr. Samuels, traveller for Messrs. Harris, Scarfe, & Co., had a narrow escape on Monday afternoon, while driving down bill about a mile from Truro. His horse, through some un known cause, began to kick furiously, and broke the shafts and damaged the splashboard. Mr. Samuels succeeded in jumping out of the trap, and undid the harness whilst the horse was still kicking. He procured assistance to get his trap into Truro, where it was sufficiently repaired to enable him to proceed on his jonmey the following morning. Scythe accidest at Yankalilla.—A few days ago (-ays our correspondent) the son of Mr. Barrett, farmer, of Caracalinga, met with a serious accident. It appears he was returning home from mowing, and had put his scythe over the fence, but in getting over himself liis foot slipped, and befell with liis right wrist across the scythe, inflicting a .severe wound, and severing the ulnar artery and nerve and one or two tendons. The poor fellow bled profusely, but Dr. Millner was quickly in attendance, and did what was necessary, and the patient is now going on well, although it is feared -some permanent injury may result. Japanese Curiosities.—If any of our readers wish to go from Adelaide to Jeddo at a step, they have only to pass the threshold of the Japanese Bazaar just opened in King William-street, oppo site the Town HalL There is no charge for ad mission. The goods have been evidently selected by a connoisseur in articles of taste and vertu They have been consigned to Mr. .Rosenthal, and are for sale. On entering the establishment, the visitor will be struck with the very great variety and elegance of the articles exhibited. There are miniature cabinets, liqueur-stands, glove-boxes, jewel-cases, card-cases, workboxes, waiters, trays, writing-desks, and many other articles in wood, elaborately inlaid with silver, gold, and pearl; porcelain vases, scent- bottles, goblets, cups and sancers, bowls, and similar vessels of elegant forms; Japanese tops and puzzles, fans, cigar cases, pipes, &c.; Amongst the more costly articles are a pair of elegant bronze water filters, most elaborately inlaid with silver. They originally belonged to Prince Satzuma, and were taken from the palace at Osaca amongst the spoils of the war. As " Christmas is coming," many a novelty may here be obtained as a present to a dear friend. WILLUNGA AND POET ELLIOT POSTAL COM MUNICATION.—An influential deputation wailed on the Chief Secretary on Thursday to request that postal communication might be continued between Willunga and Port Elliot. The Chief Secretary replied that it was very probable this would be done. • Meeting op Teases' Assistants.—On Thurs day evening, December 3, a meeting of drapers', grocers', and ironmongers' assistants was held at the Norfolk Arms, in order to take steps to secure the day following Christmas Day as a holiday. There were about 50 present, representing the different trades, and the chair was occupied by Mr. Wahan. Mr. Short proposed, and Mr. Wilson seconded—"That this meeting considers it desir able that steps should be taken to secure the day following Christmas Day as a public holiday." This being carried, it was, on the proposition of Mr. Smith, seconded by Mr. Lovell, resolved— "That two drapers, two grocers, and two iron mongers be chosen to form a Committee, and -obtain the signatures of the employers in favour of the movement." Other matters were considered, and the meeting closed at an early hour. The fol lowing were appointed as a deputation to wait upon the employers in the different trades, and obtain their consent. Ironmongers—Messrs. Griffiths an Harrington; Grocers—Messrs. Funnel and Ander, son; Drapers—Messrs. Baffin and Smith. The Wellingtos-eoad.—The main road to the Wellington Ferry has become covered with drift sand to such an extent in the immediate vicinity of the ferryman's house that the traffic is com pletely obstructed, and it is only by trespassing upon private property that a vehicle of any size or weight can get to or from the ferry on the west side of the Murray. As there will most likely be ■considerable traffic over the river after harvest it is -quite time something was done. It was thought by many at the time the road was made that it was a mistake to bring it over the sandhill, as the wind would soon cover it over with sand. This has happened, as expected, and probably it will be found imperatively necessary to have a deviation a httie way round. However, whatever is done should be done quickly. In connection with this -question a public meeting—Mr. Lyons in the chair—was held at the Wellington Inn on the evening of Saturday last, when the following resolutions were passed seriatim:—"'That owing to the present state of the road 011 the west ei<le of the river it is impossible to reach or leave the Wellington Ferry with a loaded vehicle of any kind." "That the attention of the Central Road Board be called to the present state of the road leading to the Wellington Feiry. on the west side •of the river." "That the Chairman of this meeting be requested to forward the resolutions -to t he Central Road Board, and respectfully urge their immediate attention to the matter." Soieee at Eden Valley. — On November 27 the Rev. B. T. Craig delivered the first lecture at the Oddfellows' Hall, Eden Valley, which was tastefully decorated with flowers. Mr. G. Melrose. District Chaitman, presided. Dr.Vonnida managed the musical arrangements, assisted by amateurs from Mount Pleasant and the Young Men's Im provement Society. • The 'entertainment com menced with the overture from " Norma" and a duet, " The Convent BeUs." The Rev. JB. T. Craig then gave his lecture on "The Life and Times of Mary Queen of Scots," which was followed by the duet, "The Minu-.e Gun at Sea." After an interval the programme was resumed with a duel, "The Army and Navy," and a violin solo by Dr. Vonnida, concluding with readings by the Rev. Mr. Clayfield, Messrs. Roberts and Giles, and the -duet, "What are the wild waves saying." After votes of thanks, the National Anthem brought the evening's amusement to a very pleasant close. This having been the first attempt of this descrip tion in Rden Valley, and having proved successful, it is in-ended to form a Committee to carry out -periodical lectures and form a Young Men's Asso ciation aud Institute. The Rev. B. Craig, as well as our friends at Mount Pleasaut, kindly consented ■to again assist. Much of the evening's amuse ment is attributable to their great assistance so welcome at the commencement of the under taking. Bowdes Band or Hope Festival.—The third .-annual festival of this Baud of Hope was held on Monday, November 30. The members of the Hand of Hope met at 2 p.m. at the Bible Christian ■Chapel; from here they inarched in procession about the neighbourhood, headed by the Bowden Drum and Fife Temperance Baud. At 4.30 they :tad their usual treat, and at 5.30 the public tea was held, which was well attended. It was fol lowed by a well-filled public meeting, when the .chair was taken by Mr. E. Could. An excellent report was read by the Secretary (Mr. B. Could), showing that there was an increase of 40 members; that the Band of Hope liad worked prosperously ■ during the past j'ear; and also that financially it was in a good position. Addresses were delivered by the President ([lev. J. Stoyel) and Mr. J. Pickering. Temperance recitations were given by . Messrs. Asbton, Rhodes, and B. Gould, and a dialogue by Messrs. H. Chaston and J. Gould. After the usual votes of 'tkauks the meeting closed , about 10 p m. The Drum and Fife Band, which j -were stationed in the chapel grounds, did much to add to the enjoyment of the occasion. i Railway Teaffic.—The traffic on the South ! Australian Railways for the week ended November 28 was:—Port line—Passengers, 5,325; fares, £221 J5s,5d.; goods, £1S4 7s. 9d. North fine—Passen gers, 1,990; fares. £421 9s. 10d.; goods, £964 7s. -3d, Total, £1,795 0s. 3d, Adelaide Corporation.—A special meeting of the City Council of the members present was held in the Council Chamber on Friday, Nov. 29. to appoint a Returning Officer at the municipal elections in place of His Worship the Mayor, who is a candidate for the Mayoralty, and to consider and pass three By-laws. On the motion of Coun cillor Wright, seconded by Councillor Battels, Mr. Councillor Winter was appointed lieturoing Officer at the civic elections this year, with power to ap point deputies, clerks. &c.; The By-laws44,43, and 46 to prevent fishing in the Torrens. driving and riding rapidly round corners of streets, and throwing orange-peel on the footways, were severally consi dered and passed. Riverina.—Writingon local squatting prospects, the Albury Banner sajs:—"The reports that reach us from all parts of this district, except from the Upper Murray, show a deplorable state of things as regards the prospects of stockowners for the present summer. The frontages fre quented by travelling stock are generally as bare as they can be, and we hear of a stockowner having ordered the execution of 6,600 ewes, as it was im possible to travel them from the station. Large numbers of sheep are, however, on the road in other parts of the district, and in tbe figlit for existence which is approaching, with the hot weather, not a few stockowners will probably be 'wound up.' The overstocking of runs has been so general that even young sheep are not saleable at anything like a remunerative figure." I Monster Snake.—Those wishing to do so may ! see at Mr. Marchant's mill. Light-square, tbe skin of a snake measuring exactly nine and a half feet long. Before the head was cut off it was about 10 feet, and as thick as a man's arm. It was killed and brought to Adelaice from Gympie by one of Mr. Marchant's sons. Revision Coobt.—District of Stanley.—The Court of Revision for the District of Stanley was held at the Court-House, Clare, on November 26, before Mr. C. Mann, Revising Officer. Mr. T. W. Powell, Returning < 'fficer, produced tbe lists and registers. There were 85 names added to the roll for the House of Assembly, and two struck out ; 40 names were added to the roll for the Legislative Council, making the numbers stand, after local transfers, as follows, at the different polling places:— House of Legislative Assembly. Council. Clare 652 349 Auburn 251 176 Alma Plains 56 51 Baker'B Springs ... 112 54 Mintaro 145 97 Mudla Wirra (Ashwell) ... 143 90 Mudla Wirra District Council Office 151 99 Port Gawler 174 141 Fort Wakefield 25 20 Stockport West 58 53 Watervale 121 72 Totals 1,891 1,202 Several claims that had been sent in during the month of November were of course disallowed. Codbt of Revision.—District of Light.— This Court was held at the Local Court- House, Kapunda, on November 24. Revising Officer, Mr. C. Mann; Returning Officer, Mr. J. Varley, S.M. Number on roll for the different polling-places House of Legislative Assembly Council. North Kapunda Riverton Greenock Creek Sheaoak Log Stockport Marrabel Bagot's Well Totals New claims added Struck off Vehicle Accident.—Mr. James, of Prospect Village, lately returning from Glenelg, where he had been to visit a daughter seriously ill, when opposite the City Baths, about 1L30 p.m., was run into by a side car, thrown out of the vehicle, receiving a cut above the eyes, and other injuries which rendered him insensible for a time. He was conveyed home, and has been unable to work since, the severe bruises received in one arm and shoulder being as bad as a broken limb. The young man and boy who were with Mr. James say that four men and a female were on the car, and the men were so drunk as to be hardly able to stand to separate the vehicles, which were locked together. Unfortunately neither the number of the car nor name of the driver was taken. Accidents with Horses.—On Tuesday Mr. J. G. Foil and, son of Mr. C. F. Folland. of Enfield, was coming to town bom Reeves Plains with a load of barley, riding on the load, and in coming down the lull near Virginia he jumped on to the front board to enable him to apply the break, when one of the shaft horses began to kick, throwing him between the horses, where he re ceived very severe bruises on both legs. Assisfauce was at band, and he was extricated. Weeks will elapse before be can resume work.—As Mr. Joel Roberts was coming to town a few days ago, accompanied by his son, Mr. J. P. Roberts, the horse stumbled, throwing them clear out of the trap, but happily beyond a good shaking and a coating of mad from the newly-watered road, no damage was done. 1,525 775 255 183 SIC 277 131) 62 97 72 114 51 24 — 2,461 1,420 52 11 11 2 suicide at JrEXOLA.—uur letter oi rxoveinoer 25 says" A most distressing case of suicide was discovered near Penola on the morning of Sunday last. A man named Thomas McKinlay, aged 37, had been missing from his home since the night of November 13. He then appeared to be labouring under mental derangement. Deceased, who was a tailor, had taken part of the implements of liis trade with him. In previous fits of insanity he had been found .making towards Melbourne, and it was expected that he had gone there, and the police were not informed of his absenting himself until he had been missing seven days. Deceased had attempted self-destruction a few months ago, and no information was laid at the time, although he had been before the Court for lunacy once or twice. When found, he was sitting on the ground, with legs crossed, as tailors usually are whenatwoik, but the body was leaning forward, and the head touching the ground. As the body was being removed, it was observed that a knife, apparently blood-stained, was grasped tight in the right baud. The body was in a very decomposed state, so much so that the widow of deceased was strongly advised by the Coroner and others to forego seeing it. The body was identified by the widow and another wit ness from the clothes, &c.;, produced. From the evidence given attheinouest held by Mr. G. B. Scott, it appeared that deceased had destroyed himself on the night of November 13. Verdict—'That the deceased Thomas McKinlay came to his death by cutting his throat, he being at the time in a lit of temporary insanity.' The widow is left with five young children in anything but prosperous circum stances. Should any movement be made towards her assistance, the good folks of Penola may be expected to respond to it with their usual liberality."' Accident.—On Thursday afternoon two horses attached to a bus bolted from tbe Stand at North terrace, but were stopped by coming in contact with some trees in front of Dr. Gosse's residence. Fortunately no person met with any injury; the only damage done was to the bus and the trees. The Volunteers.—On Saturday, November 21, the city volunteer companies had their usual bi monthly drill on the parade ground. North-terrace. There was a very good muster, ami the battalion was under the command of Lieut-Colonel Mayo, assisted by Adjutant Creagh. In addition to ordinary drill it was exercised in matching past in slow and quick time, preparatoiy to inspection by His Excellency Lieut-Colonel Hamley'at a future parade. The movements generally weie gone through in a very soldierlike manner. Co1. Biggs and Lieut-Colonel Higgins were on tbe ground as spectators during the drill. The Far North.—A letter dated Wirrialpa, November 24, says:—"There was a slight fall of rain last Thursday night, accompauied by a deal of thunder and lightning. If we do net have rain soon tilings will go badiy at some of tbe stations in this part of the world, as many of the waters are drying up, and feed is very scarce indeed round them. A great many in the Far North will have to travel their sheep before very long." The Kiddler.—We this week publish another Arithmetical Labyrinth in the Eiddier. As in No. 1, published September 12, the adventurer within its winding paths will not be likely to coma out safe and sound if he makes one false step. A single error will lie sure to repeat itself, and vitiate the whole. They, however, who keep upon the right track will on their exit, recognise the portico by which they entered. We particularly direct the attention of teachers of schools to these problems. They will, perhaps, submit them to their pupils as a useful exercise previous to the Christmas holi days. We shall acknowledge all correct answers received before December 15 in the Olnrcer of December 19. "Trust Her Not."—The 10th number of the Adelai'J.i Miscellany contains a musical supple ment entitled "The favourite song 'Trust her not.'" As probably most of our musical readers possess Balfe's celebrated duet of the same uaine, which the Carandinis made so popular, it may be well to remind them that in purchasing tire Miscellany they will obtain a very different com position. The melody is of a simple and pleasing character, and is neatly printed. CBor3 at Gawler.—Most of the crops around Gawler are ripe, or nearly so, and the machines will be hard at work in a few days. The grain is good, the rust having apparently done no harm. On December 2, during tbe day aud at night, there were some light showers, but on Wednesday the j weather was close and oppressive. I Publicans on the Gold-fields.—Thursday" ! Gazette contains the names of nine applicants for licences for new public-houses on tlieBaiossuGolil I field and one for Jupiter. The Servants' Some and Proposed Conva lescents' Home.—It will be seen from our adver tising columns that the Committee of the Servants'' Home are seeking further assistance from the public by way of subscription. This arises chiefly from the entire withdrawal of Government aid, consequent upon the suspension of immigration, and partly from the expiry of the lease necessi tating a removal to fresh premises, which it is thought desirable to select iu a more central situa tion. It ought to be understood that the Servants' Home will for the future be supported by voluntary contributions only; audit may be added that so anxious are the servants themselves for its con tinuance, that many of them have offered of their own accord to become subscribers sooner than the Home should be closed. We hear also that the matron has volunteered to accept a reduction of salary. The Committee anticipate a large accession ofsubscribers upon these facts being known, as they believe that many ladies have hitherto declined assisting an institution partly under Government influence who might feel very differently towards one of a purely voluntary character. At the same time an effort is to be made to extend the benefits of the Home to convalescent women who have at present no place to go to upon leaving the Hospital except the Destitute Asylum, where there are no arrangements for classification. On this subject we believe that a circular letter is to be very widely distributed, but we are happy to make this reference to the movement for the informa tion of those whom the circular may not reach. A Servants' Home, combining under the same management a Home for Convalescents, will be a noble and most useful institution, and we hope that the benevolent exertions of the ladies may be met in a liberal spirit. Narrow Bscape. — On Wednesday, a little before noon, the inhabitants of Flinders-street were much alarmed at seeing a horse and cart tearing along at a furious rate in the direction of King William-street. There were two women and several young children in the cart. The reins were fastened to the side of the vehicle, but the women were too much terrified to think of pulling the horse up. Fortunately, however, a man named Kisdon, residing at the Reedbeds, witnessed the perilous position they were in, and rode after them. The runaway had just turned the corner into Divett-place when the belly-band broke, and the cart was spinning along upon one wheel. But at this instant Mr. Kisdon threw himself from his horse and succeeded very dexterously in stopping the bolter before a capsize had taken place. Society of Arts' Competition.—On Monday. November 30, the Judges spent four hours in deciding upon the works sent in for competition in the various classes, and made the subjoined awards. They were, we understand, well satis fied with the number of competitors and the design and execution of the works sent in as a whole, and were satisfied at the interest shown by lovers of the fine arts in the progress of the Society. Those present were, the Kev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Commissioner Hamilton, Dr. Wyatt, Messrs. J. Howard Clark, John Brown, and C. W May. We are not yet in a position to present the Judges' report with the names of prizetakers, but on application to the Hon. Secretary have been publish the report with prize list and names of donors, and the details will also appear in the favoured as an instalment with the mottoes of those who were successful. Next week we shall official catalogue of the Society; meantime, the numbers and mottoes simply are given for the in. formation mainly of competitors, who will thus learn their fate:— Oil Paintings—For Nos. 1,3, 5, and 7, there was no competition. Nos. 2, Seagull; 4, Seagull; 6, King Charles;8, Seagull; 9. Seagull; 10, Vesper. Oil or WaterColour Paintings—No. 10, Vesper. Water Colour Paintings—Nos. II and 17. none worthy. No. 15, no competition. No. 12, South Australian; 13, Tyro; 14, H.; 16, H.; IS. J.; 19, F.F.O.; 20, D.; 21, L.O.; 22, South Australian; 23, J. Crayon Drawings—Nos. 25 and 27, none worthy. No. 24, Perseverance; 26, only one competitor, whose work was disqualified, not being original. A special prize of £& 2s. was, however, awatded for its superior merit as a copy. No. 28, Faith; 29, Daisy. Photographs—No. 30, no competition. No. 31, Omega; 32, Exempli Gratia; 33, Amour de ia Justice; 34, Excelsior; 35, Vive Valaquis; 30, Mea Temere; 37, Fair Play. Sculpture, .Modelling, &c.;—No. 38, T.W.B.; 39, none considered worthy of prize of £3 3s., but a prize of £1 Is. recommended to be given to Oral. Miscellaneous Drawings—Nos. 42, 43, 45, 46, and 60, no competition; No. 57, none worthy; No. 41, Non Ante; 44, none considered worthy of the prize of £3 3s., but a prize of £1 Is. recommended to be given to Seagull; 47. Juvenis; 4S, Sebastian; 49, Argo; 50, Essays—one work by Prank was dis qualified not being purely pen and ink, but an extra prize of £1 Is. was recommended for its superior merit; 51, Chute d'eau; 52, Wind; 53, Alma; 54, Hamlet. No competitor being adjudged worthy of Mr. J. H. Clark's prize. No. 57, that gentleman placed the amount at the services of the Judges to award as an extra prize in this class, and it was accordingly awarded to Acorn. No. 55, Bryansford; 56, J.iL; 58, Try Again; 59, Justice: 61, Hope; 62, Tyro. Colonial Sheepskins.—The "following letter, addressed by a London firm to Messrs. Joseph Stilling & Co. here, contains some information upon the subject- of sheepskins for the English markets which may be useful to intending shippers:— " Messrs. J. Stilling & Co., Adelaide. " London, October 9,1S6S. "Dear Sirs—We address you respecting Air. Alford's sample sheepskins by the Orient. "According to his wishes, we have enquired of army saddlers, and find that the housings used by the cavalry are made almost entirely from the "Ukraine sheep of Russia, a short coarse fleece, and more of a h-nV than wool, worth from 4d. to 5d. per lb. j "Our woolbroker says the skins are very nicely got up, and determines the value of the longest wool at 2s. SJL, being a good combing wool; the middle length at 2s. 8J. to 3s., a very fine hair and superior wool used for clothing purposes; the shortest worth 2s. 5d. to 2s. 6d., rather coarser than the former, but worth 3s. to 3s. 2d. if of the same fineness of hair, as the length of this is just suited to cloth workers. Please notice these prices are quoted for wool in the fleece, skin-wool never i fetching the same value, not working up with such brightness. "As far as we canleam, the pelt or skin is chiefly used to make glue, but if of fine quality ana not scored is often turned to glove purposes, especially those skins coming from the Cape. " In the event of Mr. Alford shipping any skins, we would recommend him to burr the wool, and clean or scour it, as the manufacturers prefer to work the skins themselves. "Hoping this information will be of some assis tance to Mr. Alford, "We are, dear Sirs, yours faithfully, "Atkins A Co." The "Wallaroo and Claee Railway.—The_ Wallaroo Times says" From the reply received by Mr. Bower from the Commissioner of Crown Lauds as to the reservation of the land surveyed for the Clare and Wallaroo Railway the project is evidently not abandoned by the Government. It is sleeping, and, in the opinion of some oersous, the time has arrived for action to be taken "upon it. There can be no doubt in the mind of any one who has marked the course of public opinion there is a widely-spread conviction that the aid cf English capitalists, who aie ready and anxious Lc assist us, should be invoked towards the construction of means of communication between the interior of the colony and the seaboard. That truly national scheme, the Fort Augusta and Northern iixtcn sionary line, is in abeyance at the present time for reasons which can be well understood. Whilst the squabble was going on for office it could not be attended to. The squabble lasted through half the time usually devottd to a session, aud the unfailing consequence is there is a press of business daring the remainder. But something must be done out of deiorerce to public opinion, which, as the Treasurer remarked in his budget speech, is just now possessed sv.th :ho idea that facilities should be afforded to a lAo- : r.y to con struct a railway in this colony, 'i'rr; fting the case there is no project so eligible as the dure ami Wallaroo iinn. It is highly recommended by a Committee, the opinions of tue members of which are entitled to great weight. Two of these mere. Less now are in the Cabinet, and another—Mr. lduf tield—is in England, where, if the project was broached, he would be both able and willing to do it good service. Another consideration ih-.t should prove an incentive to exertion at this par ticular period of tune is tiie almost certainty existing that under tire new Laud Bill an agricul tural area for selection will be thrown open in im mediate proximity to the proposed line of route. This land would be rendered infinitely more valuable and useful if a railway were in course of construction near to it. Moreover, if it were pro posed to remunerate the Company partly in land tor the cost of construction, land must be left available for that purpose when the area is thrown open." Public Expenditure on Yorks's Peninsula. —Referring to Mr. Bower's notice of motion the WaUarou That->• writes:—"It 1> a pity that Mr. Bower did not include in Ins motion the whole of the Peninsula, instead of confining it to the miuiug district. Under the Wakefield system, i j -I - •• - ' " ere t operation by being disintegrated and neglected, where it could Lc of any practical utility, the Peninsula has an equitm lc claim to have spent upon it that moiety of the land and lease fund which is received from it. As the case stands the Peninsula is a sort of milch cow to the coleny. It is considered like to a lemon—only fit to be sucked. The money re ceived from squatters, mineral lessees, licensees, and others on the Peninsula has been spent in purchasing the members of the Central Road Board a rested right to their seats in Pan'-anient. In the return Sir. Bower will receive the figures will be all on one side. The receipts will show a handsome revenue, and the expenditure will be a mere bagatelle. We say nothing about road making.forwe are unable to get the mallee-stusips ftom tracks which figure in the plans of tbc Central Road Board as hues < >: main roads, and, so long as the present jytcbwrL and jog-trot svstem continues, we tr some ether districts shall have this cause to complain. Let .. proper moiety of the Land Fund be devoted :o public work's that shall benefit the colon;, at large, nr.d not in puddling Vy Corpeiat'xss.. Ccuc-ils. find ihr-i Boards,"r Cooper's Creek and Lake Hope.—From Her mansberg, Kilalpanina, under date of November 23, one of the Lutheran missionaries to the abori gines sends us our periodical letter from that distant and arid part of South Australia. The latter portion, in which he refers to fine country supposed to be about 300 miles further north, will be read with interest at the present time. He says:—"A month has elapsed since I last wrote to you without bringing us the long-wished-for rain, and affairs consequently become worse every day. We have had extremely hot weathir, and on last Thursday night had a terrible hurricane from the north-west, such as I have never seen before. It began to blow about midnight, and lasted until 4 o'clock next morning. At 2 o'clock the gale took off the galvanized iron from the verandah of the station-house like a sheet of paper, and in the morning we found the iron quite cracked, scattered all over an extensive area. Some of it was carried away over 253 yards from the bouse. It had been very hot on the previous day, and, not withstanding the violence of the storm, the weather was not much cooled, the thermometer showing at 2 o'clock a.m. 100° At 5 o'clock in the morning we had 95° The worst was that it again had blown away the clouds which we perceived the night before. Indeed, this has always been the case during these last ten months. I have made en quiries about the state of the unsettled country north from us. The natives report that the Salt Creek, as it is generally called here, contains no surface water, but that water in certain distances is to be found by sinking wells. The same is the case with a branch of that river, called by the blacks Kallacoopa. But vety far up in the North there seems to be still any amount of surface water. The natives in that country (for no white man has yet seen it) describe it as quite different from the country we are living in. In fact, it must be better, because most of their weapons are made of splendid wood, and we have none such here. The hlacks have shown me large mussel-shells which they have obtained out of a creek called Oonorakuttjamarra by them. This creek is another branch of the Salt River, flowing in a westerly direction. It is not a broad creek, but very deep, and is, as far as the natives can remember, never dry. They say kangaroos are living there, and very large thick trees are round it. It is very difficult to say how far this creek is from here, because the natives have no ideas about measure ment; but I believe from what I have heaid that the distance is at least 300 miles. 1 have heard that a party of men is going to start from here for the North, with the intention of exploring the country, as soon as the rain, which Is required to enable them to travel over the first distance of about ICO miles, has fallen. Should they find the country as the blacks have described it to us, this would probably be the best road ultimately for an overland mail to the Northern Territory when settled.*' The Barrier Range3 Kouie.—"We understand that the Government are negotiating for the purchase of wells on the Barrier Ranges route with good prospects of success. Water Reserve near Stocktort.—A depu tation from the District Council of Stockport, accompanied by Captain Hart, M.P., and Mr. W. Lewis, M.P., waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works on Wednesday morning, and repre sented the urgent necessity that existed for the opening of a level crossing over the railway line, so as to allow access to a valuable water reserve between Stockport and Forresters, about three miles from the former township. It was stated that at present farmers were forced to take tbeir cattle three or four miles round in order to reach water on the reserve consequent upon the road having been closed. The Engineer-in-Chief, who was in attendance, explained that previously there were more crossings than the Act allowed, and that this one had been closed because it was in tended to provide another water reserve in a different locality, which, it was hoped, would answer the purpose. He, however, purposed visiting the locality next day, and would meet the deputation upon the ground and endeavour to arrange the matter. The deputation, in thanking the Commissioner for his attention, assured him that on the land which was proposed to be sub stituted for the present reserve there was no per manent water, and that easy access to the water reserve desired to be retained would satisfy a large number of farmers. The deputation then withdrew^ Publicans' Licences on Gold-Fields. — a deputation consisting of three members of Par liament for northern districts waited on the Chief Secretary on Tuesday, December 2, and presented a memorial from 500 persons, praying that action should be taken to supply Jhe gold diggers with beer front licensed houses. The Chief Secret iry stated that the Government sympathized with the object in view, and should support the Bill to be introduced by Mr. Neales on the subject. Colorado Mining Company.—A meeting of the shareholders in this Company was held at the Blenheim Hotel on Wednesday afternoon, 2nd inst. The articles of association were read and confirmed, and Directors and Secretary were ap pointed. The Directors were authorized to pur chase crushing apparatus, and it is supposed that operations will commence in less than a month. Band of Hors.—A public meeting of the York, Findon, and Woodville Band of Hope was held in the Kechabite Hall, Poit-road, on Monday evening. November 30, when Mr. J. T. Headdey exhibited the magic lantern. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. S. Pickering and Woodman. Sixteen persons sigced the pledge, after which the usual votes of thanks were accorded. The proceedings then terminated, all present being highly de lighted. Benevolent and Strangers' Friends' So ciett.—At a meeting of the Committee, held on Wednesday afternoon, the Treasurer announced that the balance in hand had been reduced to i2L 7s. 2d., which sum was further reduced by votes amounting to j£610s. The aid of the friends of the Society is therefore earnestly requested. The late Mr. Paulding has bequeathed to the Society the handsome amount of £50. This, however, will probably not be paid for several months. Hixdmabsh Institute.—The annual soiree of the Hinduiarsli Institute took place on Tuesday evening, December 1, at the Hindtnarsh District Hall. Dr. Porster presided. The Hall was well filled, not only by inhabitants of the district, but by some friends from Adelaide. The Kev. S. Gieen favoured the company with an admirable -lecture on the " Oddities of Dean Swift," bringing out many salient points of the eccentric wit's character in a humorous manner. Mr. E. Ward gave several recitations, and in response to a ie demar.d of the "Charge of the Light, Brigade," recited with forcible effect Sir IValter Scott's " Young Lochinvar. The evening was filled up by the singing of Miss Tait and Messrs. Huuwiek and Ellis. An accomplished lady (Miss Chapman, niece of the late Charles Kean) gave two admirable performances on the pianoforte. The usual thanks brought the entertainment to a close about 11 o'clock. Noeihern Weatheb.—Our Blinman letter of November ES reports that "the weather lias again reached an uncomfortable heat; wind from the north, with clouds of dust." From Port Augusta, on November Ijo, our local correspondent writes:— " The weather for the past week has been rather changeable. Fiiday and Saturday very sultry until 3 p.m, when it blew very hard, with its usual accompaniment — dust here, there, and everywhere."' The Fatal Accidents at Fagot's Welt..—A correspondent of the ha panda Herald writes:— "It is now known beyond a doubt that the acci dent near Bagot's Well, resulting in the death of two persons, was caused by those badiuts that have been washed out in the road about a mile bey on I Sir. James White's. The pointing of one of the swingle trees gave way, and the chain with a jerk tuisted round the horse's hind kg, that set lum kicking and plunging about. Sometimes the chain came off his leg, and the horse would go along a little quiet, but Mr. Schultz could not get him to stand to repair the damage. As he got near home, the horses became more restless and unmanageable, till tlieir career was stepped by the tree in the road about a mile beyoml their home. Some idea may be bad of the rate of their speed, for when the pole struck the tree it entered it us if shot from a cannon, and about- a foot of it remains firmly embedded in it. The tree is a large red gum, and the pole is fully a foot in the solid wood. If the Distiiet Council do not repair that road soon more accidents will take place. The Council, I am told, have been waited on regarding that road and told of the dangers, but no hcc-d has been taken. It is the b- nndary between Mr. Jus. White's and Mr. Sanders's wards, so neither will do the least to it. It is now thought that a sub criptiou will be got up to make the road good, as a number art willing to assist in the repairs." Br.te-Burne Wool.—Our Blanchetown letter, dated November 3), says;—"There have arrived tide week from Goolwa and Milling the steamers Dukefrf Edinburgh, Jolly Miller, and <jucen with station stores for the upper river. The Prince Alfred, frc-m Went worth, with lib bales wool brands, Gel!, lill, BMK, Wongu. and c in circle. I repotted at the end of O.tober the total number of bales brought down to be 1,PJ4: to this add 1,141 brought down in November, the nmnbeis will he 3,08.3. < >i these wools 41)0 bales were shipped in the colour-, leaving the total imports to the end of November as 2.C95 bales." I Inspection or Volunteers m the Aemv. i Governor.—'To-day (Saturday! the four Adelaide ' companies of infantry and the Adelaide troop of cavalry will be inspected by His Excellency the Actrng-Governcs- on the. Eorade-groand, Novtk i t trace- at 5 cT clock. j The Kev. C. W. Evan, B.A.—We regret to hear that the fiev. Mr. Evan, pastor of the Stow Congregational Church, has, under medical advice, been obliged to seek a cessation from his minis terial labours for a very considerable time. We believe the rev. gentleman contemplates payiDg a visit to England, and we hope it may have the effect of restoring his health, which has been any thing but good for some time past. Lecture bt the Bbv. J. M. Dat.—On Thurs day evening, December 3, the Eev. J. M. Day, of Mount Gambier, lectured in the Lefevre-terrace Baptist Chapel on behalf of the funds of the Baptist Chapel at Mount Gambier. There was a very large attendance, and Dr. A. Campbell pre sided. The lecturer had for a subject—"Ghosts I have seen," and it is to be hoped that the audience in not having their love of the super natural gratified were not altogether disappointed, inasmuch as the lecture was an interesting one, although destitute of allusion to the creations of a disordered imagination. The greatest bogies which were introduced were those habits and determina tions implied by the use of such conventional phrases as, for example, "To-morrow," "It can't be helped," "I forgot," &c.-; the evil effects of which, carried out in public and private life, the lecturer abundantly illustrated. After the lecture a collection was made, and rotes of thanks having been accorded to Mr. Day and the Chairman, the proceedings closed. Kensington and Norwood Corporation.— The first meeting of the Kensington and Norwood Coipor ition under the new regime was held at the Town Hall, Norwood, on Thursday evening, De cember 3. The Mayor and four new Councillors were sworn in and took their seats. Two protests were received on account of the election of Mayor and Councillors, but were eventually decided to be simply received. After disposing of a little ordi nary business the Council adjourned for a fort night. Port Wakefield Kail,wat.—We understand Messrs. Manders & Harvey have commenced an action against the Government for the amount of a contract on the above line of railway, some dispute having arisen as to the quality of the work. Coroner's Inquest.—The body of Edward Dupre, seaman of the Tommy, who was missed on the 19th, was picked up in the river near Fletcher's Slip on Monday morning, November 22. Information was at once sent to the Coroner, aud in the afternoon Mr. B. Ingleby held an inquest at the Court-House, Port Adelaide. The Jury having viewed the body, the following evidence was taken: — John Aubert stated that he was at work for Mr. Goldsworthy, at the Glanville Hotel, on Thursday evening last, and saw the deceased come into the bar between 9 and 10 o'clock. He was alone when he came in, and was drank. He had nothing to drink. Saw no money in his hand, but lie was carrying a small parcel. He did not call for anything to drink. He only remained a >out ten minutes, and did not speak to any one. Witness said " Good evening," and shook hands with him; but be did not answer. He appeared hardly able to walk home. He lived on board the Tommy. Never saw him alive after wards. By the Jury—Had known deceased about two years. He left the house alone. John Deslaudes, sen., of Lefevre's Peninsula, deposed that he had known deceased since his infancy. He was a native of Jersey, and had been about 14 years in the colony. 1 .ast saw him alive on Thurs day morning last, when he said he would come to his house in the evening. He did not come. Deceased was mate of the schooner Tommy, which was lying at the Maclaren Wharf, near the Wharf Hotel. The deceased was not a married man. He was about 38 years of age. He was a very peace able man even when drank. William Brown, sergeant of police, stated that he received a report on the 20th that the deceased had been missing from the schooner Tommy. A cap having been found in the water, fears were entertained that he was drowned, and the water police dragged in the neighbourhood of the vessel for several hours. Saw the deceased on board the Tommy about quarter past C on the evening cf the 19th. He was quite sober then. The deceased told him the vessel was to sail the following evening, and said if witness sent certain tliiugs down before 3 o'clock they would be in time, haw no more of him until he assisted to take the body from the water near Fletcher's Slip. Had no suspicion that his death had been caused by foul play. Attributed the mark on his forehead to the probability of his having lost his way, and fallen over the embank ment near Fletcher's blip Searched the body, and fraud four one- pound notes and some silver. Dr. Duncan stated that he had examined the body of deceased. The mark on the head was a mere scalp wound, and such as would be likely to have been occasioned by a fall. The blow might have caused concussion of the brain, and produced coma. Decomposition had set in. The Jury re turned a verdict of " Fcund drowned." The Friendly Islands.—About 30 years since the late Captain Harvey, for some years an officer in the Customs Department at Port Ade 1 tide, commanded a whaler trading in the South Seas, and called at®the Tonga group, where he met with King George, who took a great fancy to a fowling-piece. Captain Harvey agreed to let him have the weapon, and King George gave him in return a document making over to him the Island of Huga. The document remained in Captain Harvey's possession until his death, but was not thought to be of any value. After his demise, however, his widow mentioned the fast of the possession of the document to Mr. E. EL Butler, of Port Adelaide, and that gentleman under took to communicate with the Ilev George Lee, one of the Wesleyan missionaries stationed on the islands. A short time since a reply was received, dated from Nukualofa, Tongatabu, February 29, ISiiS. acknowledging the receipt of the document, ami stating that His Majesty King George frankly acknowledged his signature thereto, and, after consulting with, his Secretary (Mr. D. J. Boss) had been pleased to hand hiin, for Mrs. Harvey, the sum of JC5J. in consideration of the fowling-piece and case, with interest for the same. The letter enclosed a bill for the amouat, and Dir. Lee ex pressed himself glad that Mrs. Harvey had taken the course she liad in reference to the agreemeut between Captain Harvey and His Majesty King George, as in point of law the Kiug was aware the document would be useless. He 6tated that Ihe Island of Huga is one of the finest in Vavau, and contains nearly 300 inhabitants. It was now worth thousands of pounds, and at the time the King made the agreement he was a reckless young man, aud would have given his life nearly for a gun. Mrs. Harvey has received the amount of the bill, which has enabled her to build a schoolroom on Lefevre's Peninsula." London Views on the Northern Territory Question.--From private letters received by the mail we learn that numbers of the Northern Terri tory land- order-holders regard with anything but satisfaction the Northern Territory policy, of which they have received notice. One gentleman says " I hardly dare trust myself when writing on the Northern Territory. Surveying the laud is a farce; taking advantage of the five years is barely honest. To attempt anything now hut repayment is so far from what is simply right that I am amazed and grieved any other proposal is made. .Repayment with interest is not only universally demanded here, but if withheld r'outh Australia will bitterly repent it." Another writer remarks:—"I called upon the Agent-General yesterday", but he would not commit himself by a single word as to what would he tiie result of the Northern Territory debates. This morning I was startled at reading in the Tima city article a paragraph cautioning the public against the loan, as the good faith of the colony just at present is not in the most unquestionable position." A thud correspondent observes that the letter in the Tunes will likely cause the colony to lose some thousands of pounds. "How very small and narrow-sided our Legislature looks when viewed from this side. They will dis cuss the return of a few thousand pounds, although tbey arc thereby ruhrng the credit of the colony, by which more money would he lost than would pay the whole claims, to say nothing of the injury to the reputation of .-South Australia. ' Artillery Peacitceat Glenelo.— On Mon day, the 23rd November, a pa: t of the Adelaide Artillery, consisting of about 50 non-commissioned officers aud gunners, under the command of Lieu tenant-"olonel Mathews, Captain Claxton, and Lieutenants Cooper and Fiveash, proceeded to Glenelg for shot and shell practice. The guns used were a six and a nine pounder for shot, and two howitzers, 12 and 21 pounders, for shell. The shell-firing was very good, the distance being $50 i ards; and for shot, 950 yards. Colonel Biggs and Lieutenant-Colonel Higgins were on the ground during a part of the day. Wheat.—Mr. E. M. Bagot exhibited at the Exchange on Tuesday some very fine samples of Tuscan and other wheat, grown upon the site spoken of for the new reservoir, near Beefacre3. We understand there are about 300 acres of it. "Wesleyan Foreign Missions.—A public meet ing was held in the S5t. Vincent- street Wesleyan Church, Port Adelaide, on Thursday evening, | November 19, on behalf of the Australasian Wes j leyan Foreign Mission Lund. Mr. T. J. Mitchell I was voted to the chair, and the Rev. It. S. Casely ! read a report detailing the operations of the Society since its establishment. The I'cv. Shirley Baker | then gave a statistical account of the progress of j the l-'oeiety, and stated that in the Fiieiuly | Islands ;>* years since there was but one convert, I but now all were Christianized, and in every \ village a Wesleyan chapel had been established. | Education was compulsory on both parents and ! children, and a constitutional Government had ! beenorganl/.eil. H e mentioned that in the Tongucee 1 Parliament the senators addressed each ether in a respectful manner, which was more than could be said of some of the Colonial Assemblies. The meeting was also addressed by Messrs. J. Ottaway and IS. H. Butler, after which a collection was made in aid of the funds. Votes of thanks were accorded to the Chairman and the Rev. id. Baker, '• and the proceedings terninated with the doxolegv I and benediction. j The River Trade.—In another column will be found a report of a siejutation tG the Commissioner of Public Works suspecting matters conmstscEwiOt the sh?r trade, ( The Philosophical Society. — The 151th meeting of the Adelaide Philosophical Society was held on Tuesday evening, December 1. There was a good attendance, and Mr. F. G. Waterhouse occupied the chair. Mr. K. Wentzsl was elected a member of the Society. The Secretary (Mr. J. £. Lloyd) reported the receipt of a copy of the "Statistical Register of South Australia," a copy of "The Journal of the Society of Arts," and part of " The Transactions of the Royal Society of Victoria," issued on July 1, 18S8. Mr. J. Dixon then read an interesting paper on " The Manufac ture of Copper by the Pneumatic Process." Mr. Dixon, in commencing bis paper, remarked that : the whole process of smelting sulphur ores of copper were explained by four well-ascertained chemical changes or reactions, viz., that sulphur inflamed at a very much lower temperature than most ordinary combustibles; it burned at 500° Fahr., whilst carbon and hydrogen, the two most common combustibles did not burn below 2,000°, and sulphur would also burn in a much more attenuated atmosphere than either. The second peculiarity was that iron had a greater affinity for oxygen than sulphur; thirdly, that when an oxide of copper and asulphuret of iron were smelted together, the sulphur and oxygen exchanged bases; and fourthly, that when a sulphuret of copper was exposed to air, the sulphur burned away, and an oxide of copper was formed, which no sooner came in contact with the sulphuret than the sulphur seized on the oxygen and came off as gas, whilst the reduced copper sunk to the bottom. The excess of sulphuret was removed by oxygen, whilst it had also the effect of separating the copper from the sulphur, aud he founded his invention on the existence of these two facts. The paper was illus trated by a diagram descriptive of a mechanical contrivance by wliich he had operated on regulus; the result of a 15 minutes' experiment being shown in a cake of pure copper extracted from this un promising material. A conversational discussion : ensued as to the merits of Mr. Dixon's invention, which it was generally agreed was a very feasible and promising one, and should be tested on a fitting scale. On the motion of Mr. Inglehy, seconded by Mr. Lloyd, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Dixon for his paper. Dr. Scomburgk next read an instructive paper upon "A New Colonial Industry," in whedi he enlarged upon the advantages derivable from the cultivation of the sunflower; the oil extracted from which, being second only to olive oil, would form an impoi taut article of com merce. A supplementary paper was likewise read by Dr. Schomburgk relative to the Angora goat, which could be readily acclimatized in the colony, and would be extremely valuable. The Chairman remarked that the new Industrial School in coucse of erection at Magill might be rendered self supporting if the sunflower were grown there, as the youthful inmates might be indoctrinated into the secrets of the new industry shadowed forth by Dr. Schomburgk, whilst the silkworm could be in troduced and attended to with profit, as he knew in the instance of very fine silk that it sometimes realized 100s. per lb. With regard to the Angora goat, he hoped the farmer would look into tlie subject. In answer to a question, Dr. Schomburgk said it was an undoubted fact that the sunflower impoverished the soil, but whether it only ex tracted from the latter the nutriment necessary for the growth of cereals, or whether the latter would thrive in the vicinity, he did not know. There were many nooks and corners where nothing could j be grown where the sunflower would flourish. Mr. Inglehy expressed surprise that other colonial industries, such as the cultivation of the olive and flax, had not been perseveringly followed up. Both I plants grew" luxuriantly here, and would he a valuable source of trade if extensively cultivated. ; He also thought the farmers and others throughout ! tlie colony should carefully preserve ashes, the i soda ingredieut derivable from which formed a very important article of manure. If the sunflower could be introduced into the colony to supersede the thistle a real boon would be conferred upon the agriculturist. Mr. D. Culley instanced a case iu which the sunflower had been shown to greatly im poverish the soil. Dr. Schomburgk mentioned, in reply to a query, that he had written to Europe for further information on the subject, and when in receipt of this he would bring it again before the Society. On the motion of Mr. J. Hoslring, seconded by Mr. Commissioner Hamilton, a vote of thanks was passed to Dr. Schomburgk fer liis paper. The proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. liECTDKE.—un Tuesday evening, December J, ; the Rev. J. Henderson delivered a lecture in j Clayton Chapel, Norwood, on "The Oddities of Genius." There was a very good attendance, and Mr. E. T. Smith, the Mayor of Kensiugton and . Norwood, occupied the chair. He said it gave him very great pleasure in presiding over a meeting of that kind. There was a great debt on the chapel still, and he should very much like to see it liqui dated. The Treasurer (Mr. Caterer) read his report. Twelve years ago Mr. J. Roberts, of Kensingston, very kindly lent £760 without interest to build a chapel at Kensington. Two years ago £250 was paid oft; leaving a debt of £'450, 1 which they hoped soon to be able to pay. The I Committee were working very hard to get it paid off. Mr. Henderson remarked in his lecture that he thought we were not a whit behind the father land iu literature. He occupied the most part of the time in describing the various authors the world has produced; among others he mentioned Goldsmith, Johuson, Wilson, Hugh Miller, Burns, ■ 'Coleridge, Scott, and Dickens. The Norwood Choral Society, conducted by Mr. Tilly, enlivened the proceedings with some very excelleut anthems. Mr. Chectham, in a very able speech, proposed votes.of thanks to the lecturer, the Chairman, aud the Norwood Choral Society. Sir. Willia ms having ■ briefly seconded, the proceedings terminated with thedoxologj. Artillery Practice. — The Port Adelaide Battery Voluuteer Artillery proceeded on Saturday to the Semaphore for target practice with round shot and shelL There were about 40 members present, under Captain Quin, aud the practice was made with six and nine-pounder field-pieces and 12 and 24 pounder howitzers, one of each of the smaller pieces at a range of 600 yards, and the larger at 800 yards. Colonel Biggs and Lieutenant Colonel Mathews were also present, and conducted the firing. A very strong breeze prevailed during j the day, which materially aftected the result, but • considering the small amount of target practice ' the battery has had, the firing may be considered j very good; lor although very little damage was ; done to the targets, both shot aud shell fell in very close proximity thereto. The band played a ' number of airs on the way to and from the beach, ' and is deserving of commendation for the progress ; it has made since its formation. I Mitcham Institute. — On Monday evening. ! November 30, an entertainment wasgiveu in Mr. ' Taylor's long room, at Mitcham, in aid of the 1 funds for erecting a building in which to carry on ; the Institute at Mitcham. An Institute was ; established some lime ago, but it has been in a ! languishing state, and the inhabitants are now ■ desirous of raising £259 to erect a suitable room, j aud give a fresh impetus to the niovemeuL At ! the soiree Mr. Joseph Fisher, 5.1.P., presided over j a crowded audience, Recitations ami readings ( were rendered and songs sung by amateurs. A ; portion of the evening was also taken up by some i dramatic performances. An exceedingly agreeable j evening was passed, the performers of both sexes , acquitting themselves admirably. Phantasmagoria. — The success attending '■ Captain Lout tit's (of the St. Vincent) laudable j exertions in providing amusement for his pas- j sengers last voyage led to his giving.sevcral highly 1 popular enteitainmeuts for suitable and deserving objects at the Town Hall, Port, and several of She j country Institutes. On the present voyage he has entered more fully into the matter, and lias ' brought apparatus of a much more elaborate . description, with which the worthy master is pre- . pared to enlighten and amuse the public should a favourable opportunity occur. Congregational Sunday-School, Glen . Osmond.—A tea meeting in aid of the funds of ; lire CongregationalSabbatli-Schoo!, Glen Osmond ) was held in the schoolhouse ou Friday evening. : After tea there was a miscellaneous entertainment, largely attended, Mr. T. Graves presiding, at ; which the Bev. II. E. Mcrriman gave his iiius- ; trated lecture on " The Dark Deeds of the Dark Ages." The proceedings were diversified by some excelleut music rendered by the choir of the . Franklin-street Church, recitations by Messrs. Boweil and McEvrin, and an address from 31 r. ; Dowie. Votes of thanks to the Chairman, the lecturer, and those who lud contributed to the entertainment of the meeting, concluded a very , pleasant evening'6 proceedings. Rifle Match.—The return rifle match between ' the No. I (West Adelaide) and the No. 2 (Duke of Edinburgh's Own) Companies was fired at the ; Butts ou Saturday, November The afternoon • was a very unfavourable one for shooting, a strong ; south- westerly wind interfering very considerably with the shooting. Five rounds per man were fired : at each of the ranges—COO, 309, 460, aud 599 yards —in the i'lythe position. The competition resulted. ; as did the previous match, in favour of No. 1 by a ' majority of 76 points. A table of the scoring is given below :— No. I. Yards—Cud Private J. liicks... 17 | " M. Leonard.. 16 ! " G. Hicks ... 15 Captain Scott ... 13 I Private A. H. Scarf el 5 ' " V7. Bli'.iman 15 " W. A. Eeid.. IS " A. Haverlaud 13 No. 2. Private A. Watson 16 Captain Saunders 16 Private Stevens ... 11 Sergeant Kilgour... 7 Private Chapman 10 " W. McDonald 14 " Scott 15 Robertson ... IT 2P4 ' Average per man, 3o'.' points. ; The Christian Pioneer,—We are iu receipt of • ; the December number of this periodical, which < : contains Mr. Earl's final contribution on Iris New j Zealand visit, several leaders and letters, and tfct ' HguaS it?ms of irtljreoltmial intelligence. 300 400 Dri Ttl. 6 16 15 51 13 15 S 52 13 11 7 4S «i 15 13 47 HI 15 7 4 13 10 c, 11 hi lii 5 43 5 U 6 35 370 an, 4'J' : point 4 16 17 53 12 ;i i; 43 7 12 lM 4<j 9 It 10 55 8 12 5 35 4 6 7 31 7 3 i 29 4 7 :: 26 Aus:bauan CoaIi Deposits.—The sixth of the fpnng series of lectures in connection with the South Australian Institute was delivered in the Beading- room on Friday evening, November 20. by the liev. J. E. T. Woods, on." Australian Goal Deposits." There was a moderate attendance; Dr. Wyatt, one of the Governors, occupying the chair. Mr. Woods, in commencing his lecture, remarked that special reference was not made to South Australia, but to the whole continent. Coal was fossil vegetable matter; the term "fossil" not being used in the popular acceptation that it related to organic matter changed by lapse o£ time into stone, but in the sense of show ing a change with the organic substance remaining. The quality and variety of coal depended upon its stages of mineralization The generally-accepted theory of coal deposits now was that origiudlly there were immense swamps or morasses containing a vast quantity of vegetable substances, which in the course of ages became fossilized. The theory of the nature and peculiarities of coal deposits was touched upon, -after which Australia as a coal-producing country became the theme of the lecturer, this portion of the subject being divided into four parts, viz, the coal de posits of New South Wales, Tasmania, Victoria, and Western Australia. Hitherto only the coal deposits of New South Wales had been profitably worked. To explain the reason of the coal fields of New South Wales being so much more extensive than other parts of the continent as bad been hitherto inspected, the geological formation of the eastern coast from Gape Howe, the south-eastern extremity, up to Rnckhampton was described. Sandstone strata were the prevailing feature, and he believed they belonged to one period, which might be termed that of Australian carboniferous deposits, the sandstone frequently bearing plant impressions. Volcanic disturbances had so broken up and dis placed the coal-beds of Tasmania that none of them had hitherto been profitably worked. In Victoria coal had been found in three places—iu Ginps Land, in Western Victoria, near Geelong. and on the banks of the Wannon, but in neither of those places had it been profitably worked, the beds being small and irregular. In Western Aus tralia coal had been found at the Arrowsnuth Kiver, about 300 miles north of Perth, and at the Fitzgerald Kiver, which was considerably to the east ward of King George's Sound. Only in two other places in Australia had coal been discovered—at Cape Otway and on the southern coast. After discussing the question of the age of the coal deposits of these colonies, Mr. Woods touched upon the pro bability of coal being found in South Australia. He remarked that too little was known of the geological peculiarities of the various districts of i he colony to predict the presence of coal, but his knowledge on this poiut was sufficient for him to state that if coal were found here it would probably not be in large deposits, although it would pro bably be found very little disturbed, and compara tively free from the dislocation and dismemberment which so materially affected the profitableness of the coal-fields in New South Wales and Tasmania. He recommended the Government of this colony, which was so pre-eminently a mineral-producing one, to devote a reasonable sum for the purpose of searching for coal, and settling the question as to whether it existed here or not. A hearty vote of thauks having been accorded to the Kev. Mr. Woods for his highly instructive and interesting lecture, the proceedings closed by the Chairman announcing that the next lecture would be delweted a fortnight hence by the Bev. Mr. Woods, on " The Extinct Animals cf Australia.".; H.E.H. the Dose of Edinburgh. — We are glad to leamthatMr. George Kobertson expects to receive, perhaps by the next mail from England, copies of "The Cruise of H.M.S. Galatea in 1837-8." It is to be edited by the Bev. -John. Milner, F.R.G.S., the chaplain of the vessel, and illustrated with numerous chromo-lithograplis and graphotypes from sketches by Mr. Brieriy. The work is to be in one volume, and the price is not to exceed 16s. There will no doubt be a large de mand for the work.—Argus. Bbompton Vookg Men's Association.—On Friday evening, November 20, a lecture in aid of the funds of the above Society was given at the Wesleyan Chapel, Brompton, by the Kev. G. W. Patched. Mr. F. W. Thomas occupied the chair, and in appropriate terms introduced the rev. lecturer, who proceeded to give his arguments in support of the theory of "The Earth's Perpetual I Existence and Future Glory." He contended that i the earth would be changed by fire, but not annihilated. The nature and extent of the change was dwelt upon, the lecturer comparing the different passages of Scripture which bore on the subject, urging that the whole face of the earth, would be altered, expressing his belief that the earth in its renewed state would be the future abode of blessed spirits, that to accommodate them there would be no sea, and that the whole of the mountains, plains, and forests would be made habitable. The inhabitants would not be confined I to this world, hut would have liberty to visit other worlds in the universe, still recognising this sphere as their own perpetual mansion. The state ■ of happiness, he thought, would last for ever, «and as to when it would commence it was likely that the opinion of the Jews would be correct—that 7.000 Tears would elapse between the creation of man and the great conflagration. The lecturer con cluded by making a moral application of the argu ments he had used. A collection and the usual votes of thanks closed an interestingand instructive meeting. Rowing Intelligence.—Tlie competitors in tlie forthcoming Port Regatta of January 1 are getting to work, and not too soon. It cannot be sufficiently impressed upon every man who wishes to row a decent oar that he can only do so by days and weeks of constant unremitting practice; and no crew ever attained uniformity in style or anything like good form who had not pulled together for mauy weeks prior to the race. The public have come forward most liberally to aid the forthcoming regatta, and the least that the rowing men can do is to give something worth looking at. To win a cup by scrambling over acourse, beatiDgan inferior crew, where the only difference is one of me diocrity, is not what the public want, and no oarsman is worthy of a seat in a raciug crew who would value such a victory. George Morrison, the greatest theoretical and practical exponent of the art of rowing in Eugland, has stigmatized "pot Iiunting" as the cause of the manifest deterioration of rowing in England, and in lfif-6 and 1S67 it was notoriously below par. And by " pot-hunting" he means gettiDg up crews at short notice, ami going to the post untrained as to form, and unlit as to physical condition, in the hope of winning some thing in the general scramble; whereas a true rowing man, according to his ideal, should prefer to be beaten by a better crew than win by defeating an inferior crew. There are now two out-rigged fours in Port Adelaide, built in different yards; but we suppose each builder is prepared to stand by liis boat, as his idea of a racing four. If the crews are fit to enter such boats we ought to ivtve a good race. We arc informed that the Pelican Rowing Club have put on a crew, and will row the race in the four Mr. Bucknall exhibited when the Duke of Edin burgh was here, and which was recently christened by Mrs. Hamlcy. They are now rowing in their gig four, and embark every evening from the Aus tralian Olub-Ilcuse, at the Port Bridge. The Prince Alfred crew, we hear, were down on Saturday evening, hut it is yet too early to offer any com ment ou the rowing. Another week should show something like uuiformny, and then we may have something to say of the respective .styles of the crews generally, and the meu individually. The out-rigged and half out-rigged sculling gigs and thecauoes, of the Australian Club-House are con stantly at work, and we may hope to sec something at last approaching to scientific sculling and water manship. Swimming Lessons.—A good example has been set by Mr. Whinhatn, of North Adelaide, who now takes liis -pupils twice a week to the City Baths for au hour's recreation and practice. On Wednesday he laid 7± hoys there, and several gentlemen who were preset:: hi.-ldy applauded the introduction into "-choois of this additional and pleasing branch of education, the good results of which it would be difficult to overrate. lilXDMAItSH Ci.-XuUEGATIONAL CkUCCH.—TIlC anniversary services in connection with the above Church were held on Sunday, 22nd instant, when three sermons were preached. The morning ser vice was conducted by the TaMor, Kev. S. L. Harris, afternoon by the Kev. \V. L. Binlc-, auff evening by the Itcv. F. AY. Cox The attendance was excellent. <"'u Monday, the 23rd, the annual tea took place in the schoolroom, and about o'.tl were present. The public meeting followed, pre sided over by Mr. W. C. Buik, and after being opened by tiie Itcv. Mr. Hodge, addresses appro priate to the occasion were delivered by the Itevs. U. W. Patched, J. U. Wright, Tlics. Porter. S. L. Harris, and others. Daring the meeting the Trea surer, Mr. E. Mirion, read the report and financial rt dement, from which it appeared that there was a debt still resting upon the schoolroom of " he present number of members was stated at fifi, Sunday-school children 170. teachers En. The pe cuniary proceeds of the anniversary meetings were considered satisfactory, and the attendance was a very crowded one. At inurvals tho Hinumarsli Choral Union, assisted by several ladies finm Ade laide, rendered selections front "The Messiah" and "Twelfth Mass." Concept at HiNDMAitsH.—A concert was given in tlie District Hall, liindmarsb, on "Wednesday, November 25, towards liquidating the debt on St. Joseph's School, lic.vden. There was a crow ded audience, the reserved scabs being very respectably filled. The Ve:y Kev. J. E. Tenison Woods de livered a short opening address on the advantages of acquiring a correct taste for music, very gracefully alluding to the exertions made in this district with that object, sue!) as the Hinduiarsh Choral Union and the Hullah Singing Cass, both conducted by Mr. A. F. Hunwick. The names of the lady and gentlemen amateurs is a -t.Bici.'iit guarantee as to tiie successfulinamicriu which the programme was carried out—Miss Bishop. M i.-> Flaherty, and Miss Hayman (pianist). Messrs. Huuwtck. Pappin, Howe, arid Benniughaiu. Mere of the pieces were enthusiastically encored, and bouquets were liberallv showered on nearly the whole of tlie iormers. The National Anthem brought te a close one of the most successful converts ever held in the District Hall. 