. doginggy1{icit .suited nw. ~Atliast 1oob \- erv.ed.? a advertisement. which? e?e&'-, .to apromise?just'what I was seek.in'g. This was in Camden Town, arthe h'ouse 6f lady, whose husband, as she informed me; Swas- oftenibsent - for. many:'monthS' to "getier-oimbiasines:s. The lady hd .6fie, : ,-.d littr, ~:an4i, as I " fterwards leaiia'e~1 I . s gcceeped. s a 1odger chieflyo 0guatard .- iese,.:two .unprotected ..females. This . ?positio. :in itself -wass highly v'flatteritni, b.ft'~'"?her-e was more in stor:- ':Thr d Bung jady1 ~founcl to be one who ead novels ~so~persistently, thather. existence was::a Lpeiapetua dream 'of. lovers and; romantic .-..attachments. -:To do-' her justice, I 'be 'leiye'that Heleti Fishidr wvarg~herbiis'diffd' eiva more h~ealthfu1linfluences,; might ihav?edevelopedinto a worthy woman: Buti her- mother was titterly in-Inpable of '?comprr!Jehending 'her fine"s· entinents?, .nd liad nqypipathy with her ro a~ntif an1id 'imp.ulsive temperament; consequently she 'was driven' to books for? her coinso ati)ri, and, as she read nothling but the in't? unpr'obIable stories,. the pr:acticdal parto?.'-her nature was entirely: unculti .:vated.:: She was now twenty-five, and er'ir motheir was continually .reminding 'Byh er"that it was high time to baish" hdr romanitic fandies, and displace the. hero~s Lif memore prosaic lo ver. a' i 'As a: rule, I am extremely reticent r'e .pdectigg my own affairs; but my layiadydy soon ascertained my exact position and .prospects in life, and appeared to think, that I was an eligible son-in-law. This mulici?t is'iertaih, that befor.eIhad been in ... ea aweek, was encoura-ge to atet- mysef. eo gmy,. egaging.: young lhnstess. Iarm of :a poetic• temperament, • ~.id'excessively fo-d of reading. -HelkhI i l?'i?ji"I ' lh ,herefore, ;Fch'n cgmingm 'ur x ap. quaintaunce juickfy '-xipiined ,into intinary, and I :found .great~ 1pleasure iw her soetgy.r I' I ill 'not; foti .dnitfiiht, attem pt t justify i-y subse i'fiiit Whadc?. It was entirely"rij uijiistj iable~ .:und'er any . cir~amstauices. But youth, 'i::impulsivenes, .·and vanity mniay alliate,thu ghth h they cannOtf excuse. " A l:':t::triruhti-u his plediod of edeir sym~ thigs anrd touching devotips, I was, .'tp my eternal shame be it said, be~trothed Sto:-ayoung lady::with whom if had romped 'when in pinafores, and for who9u I enter' 'tained .an intense affection. W e had grown up together, happy t n the con siciusness of each Qther'is 1pye. A1ar, 'garet ,Thomson had . always • been 3an :- ideal of all'tliat was brightest a~d best it oi?maihod, anid ?h8ive goo~d 'reason Ito %elieve atliat she had a; ihigh iaegord for ny unworthy self.. In a1 iy girtation vith H.elefn$isier; i.acredible as i .m. S.ppear, -I, lad.never for a- momen4; ;iu S~ny s'ecre't' heart, Iswerved frdm my Saygi· ncti fo 'iiffir'E aind only; l0ve."' I i 8corrspontied ~ithkher iery r'e ullritgy, er (lettems. l1 &d; always been to the .Ogee if t?he- Oity,- so that? my. landlady Aw1 never had: octasion to suspect my p~i ior gFacment.' '.Toi my suprise, and, need i say, :to" 'in' :painfui.:embarrassment, I one .day -r-e i:eived: a ilettei to the effect that -Mlkargaret ivas inLondn;naind st3aying with a frieuld t ~ Caiberiv?ell. With siy unconscieui .o6usingenui' ty, I' made excuses to Eeleii : or'. my unwonted- absence' on. Sundays, hir-en: starsted early foir amber vell to pend .the day wiith argdre:'t. ' i-need :210 ay thatsoime ofthese Sundays weie :xquisitely miserable. • Even in ,the in toxicating joy of her presence, "with her :lisses on imy lips, and her loving looks aiing, ,onstantly on ei,' I cpuld nlot hiake off 4te fdar . of detectin. -My love o:-r heriwas more tender and devoted than. " tver,: and, I shrank from the., idea of loosing her as the felonshrirnks" firom his' * doom, Somietitnes 'ny exeited imagina Qn liclitretd, her as se "would appear ee zhedisi.6vered nky falsehood-she, who 'wjas as infrocent and trustfiul as an .ahngel); :"'No 'shadow of suspicioh -e.er fi'tt'ed:acioss those iclearb i bit lut ' eyesg. Ase w sathand~nh ni then ladi~ifg iht, when all t@h family wer' 'at church, she S:vould whisper to me the sweetest words of loving counsel and encouragement v&' ich everi gladdened the hear. of nian; ,$driry "bhurdenied spiritPwoduld ofteh re~-? : gain, a hopeful elasticity.under the. soot0 - .ng influence.":.. " A"iA: imie'"-oir.eon, my dread of detee . (i&if;~ame l sskivivid but? 'aias foi- me.! 1iwas:donecd .to'reaii'se the worst.. M'ir Sgarethad·:been-in the town a.bout t~ivo m:oinths. '"'My landlady, who had :grown .p:ii?dii?eus,~elrsugaded a younig' frieird, of' . h, bne' dofHelen's rejected suitors,: to S.dng my-footsetps ,the.. next Suniday. As Ihtave said,: :I Was becoming less fearful of" ditedftion,': aniid'cl - consequently 'Mrs. pg hdd an easy task. I:Tie, nextSuriday came in due coirse, and I started for Camberwell at the usua~l : tiine~ J:-;:As soon as I was fairly out of the: tibiise, Mrs. Fishei-r 'eommnenced the ox ecutiion of her scheme. . She .offiminddib: l~riedaughter to prepare. herself to g.o out for the day; and to dress herself as taste fully as possible. Furnished:: with: the' address of Margaret's uncle,' and- the "anam of.the church, we attended, tBhei two l.idies; set out. The younger, I firmly' : believe,: was perfectly innocent of any; k :kin ledge of the 'snare which the elder iad, laid for my unsuspecting etf 5. ilmagine me, then, proud' and hippy,o ,leaving church, with M'Iargaret. by' miy Ei'tle, :and her uncle' a' -few yards behind' us. .We had go. oit of the churc'hyard aiid do'vn, the irst short street;• and weree a?jst turning into the streot.in .whch 'Mr.: h: ,oms6n resided,:T.vow ght. i.o.usfaces; ifrthe middle ,of the pve~/t0 appeared .e ,o molnthee a .d aug[,i o.. ' aggrdopiriccolle hat] did 6i. sa in~t;j haidltinuctl"remember slhatojny, hair stood ~n end anid my knees. knocked ?.e.,p.ie?? jEu..h .I behe1d :a',ghost. F or abrmi f moaen? ~ "t ,/wo., Helen ,,stood nresioluta e ~ ~iid niegfalrdless opf ill:ap .-pearances, she& delighted. 'her, mother.by 'rushing:into mysarms, 'andeinigin 'round1. niy ineck, exclaiming-' . My:dailing!y darliih'g'!; E? 1 ciulI oueave ide thu !" fihlly bii.ti?tb a '6expei pfstrtsobbingi&s; 'All h? time. :Miargaret? stod like one .turned to stone, .and.:,her . :incle:-seemed .bereft of his 'senses.; At last t~he old :gentlemah, looking from one to the other, exclaimfed " 1k1sjs mry so'iuU 'vit o Albea~rth does.it ll nimean ?. and caught? wold of his niece's hancfto leadhiler away.f .. a :,.,:She turned, to himi witah a,,convulsive shudder~; and pointing: to The :~owd which had assembled to witness my discomfiturie, beckoned Mirs. Fishei* to folloti':: Helen, till :'clung round my nteck,' apa.pienftly 'more deadl than alive;. b t' she quickly respoiided to h' lier ..,mother"s energetic .shake, afid feebly tottered after. then..,. I winchanically. followed, -scarely knowing hQw or,;whyli{did so.;. We went dnito the hdus', the ever-increasing? mhob,- still' be hind us, anxious to learn t~he' estilf " : As soon as we ere artiii.th' dr~ai g "rds. Fislief, said- .b .i l;p. "l'w, .my good woman ,10 pe s,:p u yiroi a.begood enough to explain thi !e traordinaryC onduct." " o . T: his lvIrs. Fisher proceeded-td d'fwith astbr~nding ~power an' Volubil ty. She, dweltVith peculiar ,zest oh ithe'rrniirit) f mif ti'eaihchery,' and onceiudd bydelar- : izig tlhit I was hardly af.t subject for the gadows.;: I had lost:all ,self-control, .and was .completely cowed and silenced. -Whr?hs?.ad l'fiiished; 'lvlii'. Thoison called.upon me-.to ,deny or,-.explain the accusation: 'There s aga leaim of hope in the glanee which -]argaret ·-gave -me frim.betweenlher?.fingers, as though i:she would fain believe that .it was some hid;od ziiisitak&. But, ti ...as I would, c -.l d1 ho9t ut?ra wogprd. Myilips.moved, .but mytongue literslly dlave to the roof bfmy' ms outh, and refused to frame -a syllable. ,Then, .with a menacing motion, -heeste~nly commanded me. to leave the hoidEe, addihig, 'that he supposed I ??as eiideavohring to :deceive liis. iiece e in the saiine diabolical maniner. I silatche ,34 iiy ha ald rushed frantically .fronim i?th house, ciarsing my owvn folly,. and , .i:r-; ing Mrs. FishEr's vengeance. My: first impulse was to-escape frdm the scene.of my disgrace,, and- the taunts of of my foes: The only method of :doing this affectueilly, which suggestsd itself to my excited imagination, was to lea" tihe country as quickly as possible.; .. Wih thhis view, I hurried to Camden Town, ,threw my property into a portmanteau, .and hastened to the Easton Railway Station, dreading ail: the i while. to. meet ,Mrs. Fisher's triumphant looks .at every turn ing: .. There,: in the waiting-room," I indited a pathetic letter to my empiloyers, begging' them'to think :as well as they .cbut. of ime, arid informing them, that icumeuistances, which I could not mention, hind rendered"it .impossible for me to, con tinuein imy .situation at their.ioffice. I gave, no.hint as to my destination,, and it was some years before they discovered what had' become of me. I booked myself for Liverpool, and, on my arrival iin that .city,1 at once-engaged a berth. in a cheap sailing yessel,. which was bound for.; New York.the next day. ..During the .evening, I. wrote a long letter to my 'mother, in formingher of all that had tranispired. I did 'not attempt to extenuate my faults, but. gave her "a plain history of my" cow-r a,'ictfroi'ifirst to last" I. concluded byi r~eqesting. her .still to; treati Margaret" as Ler'daghter, And to keep my destination ' ,,a .my arrival in"thl.-Tnited States, I was'some' months .before&'obItaimed smita? ble e.niplo.yment, ' and sb'istid' by..jer for~aing' H ^n~'f dru eiy.: '.Wlen' at ilngthi,. 'my'eself in a, fair way of .ng' i olerable .1osition, t ventured to wr te .to ,Margaret, soliciting kindly. rememberance,. i. she could. not •accord: me.,' forgiveness.- That letter remained' unanswered, and .all that I. heard of- her was 'through my mother, w ho described her'as devoid of all her miirth and viva city sinice the shock of that fatal BSunday.. I had& ben 'i' Ainerica' aboiout five years, when.I, wa:s seized with an indescribable 1onging 'to revisit my native land,-. and make a last appeal to. Margaret for for-. giyeness. : Just .as I had come to 'a defin ite:resolution, I received a letter from:my mother, informing, 'me that 'the: doetors had 'jronoun'ced" Margaret to ie' in! 'a • '"eep .decline." She added, as' heIr o'n opiiiion, that, if I' would see her alive,, I .must.hasten homa.;af bnce. 'L quiekly. completed my preparations, and ,before a' week had elapsed I,wason board- onea of.thetmunard steameirs, -on.my *waye- to :iiverpooL .' ::.* ; i P :.rior to my departu.Ie Ihad written 'to' my mother?-eiintreating' her to " addri?ss a' unte to me atLiverpool, and'state lwheth r 't ere was any hope of Marga iet's re 6.ery , . Thi. leti- JI fiiund ?awatimg ,we iat~~ie hotel, with the, terrible intelligence thahe ; was gradually, sinking. . I hasten~edto her father!s house, "and, al-. though Ii.geceived a: warmbr .wplcome than I "had. . expected, -I was evidently regarded by*al as Margart's .'murderer, and siuch,' in truith, I felt miyself to" be. 'Loug;ii earnhetly I pleaded fdr. per nmission to, seehe', . onily. .or.five minutes and at last wrung fromnthem a.' eluc'an consent. ...-s I entered the, rQam. wheet : my beloved. lay, propped with pillows, dI: tiembled 'so much that I could .s.aicely' stand. '-Itried to speak, 'bit' couId" odnly faintly murmur- :: : , *-: ; - "Margaret !'", " MaigaretP. IHer eyes wer eclosed; brit her cheeks suiddely. flushed, andi; she gently beckoned with her hand. The nex momien she was f .my aims, and onpurlips set inr one.of those im passionedkisses whichseem like the. ningh lingd of.dkmdred 'spirits, sand tell -;more: forcibly than speech of deep!l ndyinglove. The shock was too great for her, and she .ifnnediately fainted.c .-They,: would have takent her Lfromn i'e,i: tbut,?:I.refusaed':it? release her. The .iisticic?.:i6f' affectiobn ss.id'me W thit shW- wu ld prefer to find 18relf tilf •i n" y"Vrms r iheur she re ~ Npo~wk3§. ecied a.With rde 0 ? .0i .pnsclousno s.ti ier, er came into lier c.lcore l'i' at? d. a light," which i?'old her deep gratification. Slowly she opened :her -eyes, as though she feared it :might be :only a delightful: drea~i, m and nestled :closer to my bosom; like a weary child. *" From that hour she began to amend, and:in three"m6nt1is I ]iad ~ite safisfah tion of.seeinogher restoredto perfecite'alth. In hxn months wo Were: 1emared, rnd ;on our wafy to the hImel wi~cbm ..friends had prepared for uein ithe New World.: And, though : several years :have passed since that happy event, no . cloid·"-has dimmed th~e b?right~Iess of our joy. '-My 'Mairgai'it has never onc re?roihad 'i ih "fy Fist and LasFt1irtatili9' li i not often that w6 uiibi?t iih ai faithfpitlehtureof Singapore a thefle011dw ,iig whiich. is contained in tfie.., .ll: k e "YMae :1ougid," for June:: .. :":It is scarcely possible-to conceive anything more beautiful than this'entrance to .-$ingapore harbour. :¶The ship glides in between islets and little hills::clothed in verdant forest,., fringed by S.elan pelbly, or white sandy beach. The water is perfecJly calm, or moved geritly by long lazy unldulations, and.so transparent, that the fishes, some of goigeous h~ies arid fantastic shapes, which infest sich locdalities, are plai?nly to be seen gliding about far below ini the shadow of the hull. Cheerful-looking' villas and:pirettily painted houses are scattere~d along the :summit of loose islaids, and increase in nuinber as the ship:advances into a basin connected.with the outer harbour, in which are the mooring wharf, 'and coal- shleds of the opium China steamers and of the Peinisular and Oriental Company's ves .s~els. Hardly. is the ship fast when she is assailed by a fleet.iof?ceanoes, mijained by '.Malay nmen and boys. .Tlhe boys come.to dive for six-penies or eight-nni~ pieces whicih the passengers throw over for them, aiid t'he men bring piie-a pples, shells, piraquets and other birds; and animals, siuch as tiger-cats, civet-cats,monkeys, &c.;, for sale The shell bo'ats are really beaiitiful, being filled to the uttermost nook aud. corner with the most lovely, specimens, arranged in perfect order, so thatthe,.boat looks as if.it were a floating.cabi. net. The diving boys are of all ages, from seven. to seventeen. Some piddle themselves singly in tiny canoes littl.e 1lrgerthan abutcher's tray ; others go three or four together in larger skiffi brit:ail are equally eager, crowding izd idre: th~gigways and keeping up ain incessant alibli inbi-oken English to attract attraction. Massa, massa, massa ! now,mass'.! I dive very qtuick-good dive, massa !" When a sixpence is ipitched overboard, the whole mob of-them throw themselves out of their ,canoes headlong in.,and their spraylitng.limbs may be descerned far down as they strike towards the bottom, till a luicky fellow clutches Ithe prize, hen they 'ali riturn fo the surface piffing and ilowing, aind scrambi~ into' their .respe.ctive' canoes," where they re sobonread?yifor-tiotliei' div;e.: Thisfeat of catching the sixpence is by io. in eand so difi dr~ilt 'as the stranger might imagine. In the first place, the sixpence, or any. similar flat thin ob jdet,. when thrown :into the wanter, descends by gyrations, as a parachute would fall throughithe air, and, therefore settles.so slowly to the bottom that" a moderately expert swimmer can meet and grasp it. In.the: mean-time, the wharf begins to fill with a: heterogneeous crowd Malays, Coringanmen, C~i nese, Suratties, Eulra sians, nd Eurbopeans, and litile 'aiilqaun carriages drive ip' for hire. These are most usefuil.vehicles,- exceediigly lilght, bit strong, holding two, and, at a pitich; foiir ?eeie;, and drawn by one of the indofilit able little Burmah. ponies up: the heaviest and toughest road. Tahey are driven by half-naked Madras men, who perch, on a small seat placed on-the front :of the carriage, -and, nevcr under standing.a syvllable that is said to them, goad; poke, and worry the.pony on till brough~t up by thle shouts of the passengers. The carriiages are all numbered, and their owvneies'and drivers sub ject to strict iules. A: schedZile of fares is hung np-inside. .. SAfter landing:from the ship, and elbowing his way, among verindors of paiaradise birds' skins, China and Indian fans, Bodmbay'workboxes, &e;, the tr'aveller, ib taken by' -the indefatigable diving.boys, who.. strive to earn :a.sixpence on land as'well as ifln tlhe water, to one of the .pal anquin carriages or ' grees'' 'aforesaid. and driven off to the t?own, which is nearly two miles frorii the wharf: The road, which is good, leads Sat first through a mangrove swamp, above which, however, it is -well raised. A ,little further. on ift uises, where pretty .cottages and suburban vilI;as with n.ieat hedges and gardens, and a large Chinese buriagrtound, indicate close approach to' the town. Singapore is substantially built, laid. out in. regular -streets:, and, consists -almost wholly of Chinimn's shops.. There is a. good iron s~uspensionbrldge over an inlet or creek in thie towin, and a pretty tlihiugh small square, planted with flowering shrubs and shady trees, and some handsome brick and stuccoed houses bordering the strand, or drive, long:the beach of the outer harbour, which, with its.dark blue waves, is seen outside the town, cnowded with vesseld"of every size, class, and natibn.' This strand road is bordered inland liy a strip of lawn, planted with flowering shrubs forming a -plea sant promenade and. playground for. children. The lawn is again skirted by a road bounding a series f gardens and enclosures; in which are chntained a line of detached and handsome houses, includinga good church. These build ilgs, embowered in trees, sweep round along the curve of the harbour, and are ended by Govern ment House, an imposing edifice in beautiful grounds, crowning the end of the high land, which in gentle unduilations encircles the land ward side of the town. The homes of the-mer-. chants, government officers, and ,private indivi- duals, are in fine airy situations. The groundsand gardens are exceedinglfy tasteful, and kept' in admirable order ;and the roads, shaded-by neat hedges of the China or dwarf bamboo, and trees -of elegant and varied foliage, are kept earefully in the best repair. A large body . of life con victs, some three thousand in number, enables the municipality to presefre thie comimunications thrbughout the station in thorough order. About a mile and a half's drive along this plea-. rsaut suburb brings the visitor to the public gar dens, which, thoibugh new, are already beautiful, 'a~d onily need the ripening of time to .make them still more so, To any: one who has been lon'g resident in India, the exquisite neatness of the lawns and paths is:anewand welcome sight, and, 'although there are very few flowers 1in the Singapore gardens which are not cultivated in Bengal;' here they arte larger and:more brilliant, so.-that: the Singaporegardens-are more ,beauti fulthan those of Calcutta. Amongst the houses facing the outer harbonir, which command a full view of it, and. 'ill day enj~y the refreshing breeze of tihe ea: is a very comfortable Family Hoti.l, kept by an enterprising Frenchman; The dompound " of the hotel contains a detached building for bachelors cn one:side, and- another for the table d'hote in the opposite quarter. This hotel appears to fll iwell. the passenger traffic betweeg turope and'the south-eastern archipelago is rapidly jncreasing, and English, Frenich, Dutch ;and ?,rTuguese from and to B3jtavia, Borneo;Manilla,: and Sumatra, have to wdit at Singapore for the smaller steamers to coniiey them to their des-iniations, or for the -large---Peninsular and -Oriental mid Imperial " . T~,,' -,: ··: : -,: ;" : ".' ., ...-!.: . : MVessa.geries ships from. ?Hongkong, as;the case may be. Beidesiethese1 numerous young'cierks and assistants in count ih-hduses take 'up thhir permantenit abode in the hotel,' and help, to6in crease the;crowd at the taible-d'h6te, which. is capa:ble of .acommnodating about 'sixty. The fare is good,; and served ina style half French and half Enghlis. A libou ttwenty Chinese Ids, :clean and x.ell dressed, fly abbuit; serving the dinner witlh gieat briskness, l lile the master of the hotel starids at a side-tabl'e with.a .couple of assistants, carvring for his customers. Fish (n great variety and excellence), poultry, and pork, are the chief meats; beef being scarce and poor, and mutton, as iii Penang and throughout Burmah, procured fron Calcutta at an extra vagant price. 'European vegetables. ,do. .iot thrive, nor are the're a?yi fine fruits, with the exdeption of pine-apple anid the deliciously re freshing mangospeen. But t .the steamers Vhether the opium vs'els. froqi Calcixtta,'or.the Peninsular~ and Orien:talships from Galle- afford .bi?t scanty leisure foir a survey of Singapore. I-n twenty;-four or thirty hours the traveller has to proceed on his voyage to Hong Kong." 