' THE INajBODUOTIOIT OF' SHEEP" FROM VICTORIA, ; I The following proclamation* absolutely prohibiting, .for the poriod of six months from^tho présent date» the introduction of'sheep into tbo colony of New South ¡Wales,. otherwise than by ses/ from tho colony of ¡Viotoria, was issned hy publication in last-night's Government Gracette : BEOCLAMATIOW. ; . .. . By his Excellency tho Bight- Honorable Somers**' I Richard, Earl! of Belmore, a Mombor of-Her Majesty's Moot Honorable Privy Counoil in Ireland, j Qovornor and- Commander- in-Chief of the colony of New South Walo», and Vice-Admiral of) the same. Whoreas, by section 49 of an.Aot of tho Parliament of Now South "Wales, paBsod in, tho thirtieth year of tho reign of hor prosont Majesty, intituled'"The JDisooscs in Snoop Act of 18G0," and numborod sixteen, it is enacted that tho Qovornor may, by proclama- tion, absolutoly prohibit tho introduction ef sheep from any of tho adjoining colonias, for any poriod not oxcoeding six months. Now, thoroforo, I, tho Governor aforesaid, with tho udvico of tho Executive Council, do horeby, for tho poriod of six months from tho dato of this proclamation, absolutely prohibit tho introduction of shcop into this colony, othorwise than by sea, from tho colony of Victoria, or ony.Bheep which may have, within a period of eighteen months, been in, or in contact with Bheep from, that colony. Given under my haad and seal, at Government house, Sydney, this fourteenth day of August, in the year of our Iiord one thousand eight hundred and sixty- oight, and. in the thirty-second year of her Maiestv's relira. fra,) BELMORE. By his Excellonoy's Command, J. BOWIE WILSON. GOD. SAVE CUB.QUEEN. . THE TOW». HAM. DESIONS.- Th« following copy of « petition sont in to his Worship tho Mayor hos been ¡handed to us for publication:-" Sydney,'July 7, 1868, . Tho Hight Worshipful the Mayat and Corpo- ration of Sydney. Gentlemen,-We, the undersigned, 'architects and ratepayers ot the city of Sydnoy, humbly petition your corporate body to publicly exhibit the Town Hull competitivo dosigns- for one or moro wooka, , Your petitioners OIBO beg to suggest that they have patiently awaited tho- time when, in their humblo opinion, there could be-no furthor im- pediment to the prayer of your potitianers. Your petitioners would als» suggest that thor.) cannot pos- sibly bs any obioction on tho plea that, ' not having selestod' tho desigoi to be carried out,, injury would result to the competitors,' On the oontrary, the rule is that competitors desiro tho utmost publicity beforo any steps are taken towards a deaision, and usually await- with anxious pleasure and satisfaction' the opinion, of the. profession, the public, tho profs, and. fl nolly tho verdiot of the professional adjudicators. Also, that competitors invariably look forward to tho timo when they may compare notos with their fellow, competitors, and enjoy the honoroblo satisfaction of beholding a superior and suocossful treatment of the subject whioh has demanded so many months of their "oareful study and toil. And your petitioners will over Èray. (Signed) JNO. F. Hiti/r, EDUONB. T. ILACKETT, H. EDWD. Dawson,"' and forty-six others, including thirteen membors of tho profession of archi- tecture STOBST ACCIDENT.-Yostorday ovoning, about S o'olook.an accident.ooeurrod on tho South Hoad Hoad. It appears that some children ron eff the footpath to look at something that was thrown out ot a shop near Crown-street, end as thoy did so a buggy* which was coming down the street, knocked down aiittle boy, named Phillip Myers, agod about nine yoans, and ran over him. The child was nt onco picked up, but it was found that ho was not much hurt The vehiole was not being, driven furiously at th«, time et thc accident, and no blame can be attributed to thc drivor. Scnoor. ar Ania-Tho hall of the-School of Art* waa literally crammod last ovoning, and Mr. and Mrs. George Case received a most onthusiastio ovation, Mrs. Case was " called out" sevoral timos, and i Bimilar oompliment was repeatedly accorded to hoi husband, who really Boomed upon this occasion tc have transcended his usual abilities is a ilrat-olaac instrumentalist. Mrs. Oaso's unrivalled skotchos and impersonations will bc repeated this ovoning, and orrangomenU havo been mada for a prolongation ol tho short and brilliant season^ TBK PSEUDO COUNT.-By tho arrival of thasteamei Saxonia somo further intelligence has roaahod Sydnoj *f the sayings and tho doings of tho psoudo Count Yoi Attorns, tho owner of tho yacht Hamid's Ghost. Thc yacht arrived at Cleveland Bay on tho 28th July, ant the adventurer was lionisod to tho extremo. Ho wai a guost whom ovoryono dnlightod to honour on boan; tho Saxonia, spoke patronisingly of his Sydnoy friends and announced his intontion ot completing his orusei by rotnrning to Port Jackson on tho 3rd instant, as hi expootod an Austrian war vossol would shortly call ai the station to convoy him to Europe KIAKA VOLONTEBII RIFLE Cours.-On Friday ovonlng last, partios willing to onrol in tho abovo corps assomblod nt tho court-houBo, Kiama, for that purpose John Blaok, EBCJ., was votod lo tho chair, and, after a fow proliminarios (as n Justice of tho l'caco), procoodod to swear in tho candidates for mom* borshlp in tho oorps. Tho number sworn amounted to about fifty-throo. A committoo was thou formed, consisting of Dr. Nolan, J. Black, J. C. Vote, T. M'Caffory, J, Weston, N. Hindmarsh, B. II. Wilson, W. Olarko, John King, I> King, W. (¡tey, and W. 0\. Logan-Uro to form n quorum. It was also ar- ranged that tho undress uniform of tho corps should bo a bluo tunio, with rod facings, nnd a blue cap, with tod band. Tho (mostions put by Colonel Richardson have boon satisfactorily nnmvorod, mid tho comiuitteo aro Booinp to tho various details uoccssary for tho or- ganisation of tho cori«. - l'ilot, ruinen Ar-vnHD'H Tnp.i:.-A correspondent informs us that through tho prompt intorlcrcnco of Mr. Thomas May, of Parramatta, tho treo planted In tho Parramatta 1'ark by ll.ll.lf. tho Duko of Edinburgh has been saved by oiroful grafting, and is now doing exceedingly woll, although cut iuto sovoral piocos by somo ovll-mlndod aud disloyal parson or persons, on tho 28th of July, We-perceivo that Melara. W. M. Alderson. and Sona of Sydney, havo obtainod tho contract 'for Use supply of boote; ¿c., to tho Queensland Government, for tho psriod-commencing 1st January, I860,', and . ending Slat December, 1870.. Tho Aeting'Grovornor'of Quoonsland has diseontinued tho eoevices of tho Rockhampton Company of tho Volunteer Bille Brigade, tho company barong been roportod> by tho officer commanding it to be in a stat« < of insubordinate disorganisation. I,nnc;-»rgcant James Moons, of tho 14thj Regimont,. died at the Military Barracks, Adolaido, of consump- tion, OB tho 28th ultimo, on which day his disoharge . had boen procured from.tho head-quarters at Mel bourne. He had served in several campaigns, andi waa much liked by his comrades. An action for libel by Dr. Oandiottia, against Mr« Buzacott, editor and' proprietor of the- Peak Downs Telegram, has been settled by arbitration. The jour- nalist hon-to apologise and pay coats (over X150). A Sub'ic subscription has boon made to indemnify Mr. luzasott for tho loss ho-- has sustainod .by tho adverao award. Mr. Btownhili, formerly the manager- ef the Aus- tralian Joint Stock. Bink at Toowoomba, haa been charged along with BÍX othora, with having mad- for- cible entry on tho premisoa ef Josoph Kelsey, a . cotton planter, noarjBowen. Mr. BrownhiU was acting-on behalf of the Bank in the matter» and the case.was dismissed.. A happy ¡tutano» of "sending it round," sayo, aa Adelaide journal, took place in the Connell Chamber at tho oponing of Parliament. On the Ohiof J.ustico taking, his seat as one of the Commissioners, he re- ' ! quested the President, who requas'ed tho dork, who roqurstod tho sselstant clerk, to requost the members I of the House of Assembly tp favour kim withs thoir i presence. . , An absurd report, originating in a joke, waa circulated in Adelaide rocontly, to the eftbot that some one had brought II nugget from GympiorCrook, .and weighed it at tho shop of Mr. Cook, of Bnndlo-strcot,.tho weight being 2 'l bs. and some odd ouncoe. The metal waa coppor from, the Burra, and tho owner in fun told soma boys , that it was Queensland', gold, and the-statement ' waa so far credited that a number of> mechanics dsoidedupon throwing up their situations and making tracks for the Now El Dorado.. I The Ministerial orisis ia.QuconslandtstiIl continues. i Ax point of order, on which tho Speaker, .though he hos searohed "through tho prnotico of the.Imperial Par I liamont from 18t)3 to tho present hour, ana had not . . succeeded in finding a precedent for,"'has>pr»vonted tho Ministry taking any step in regard to ,tho voto of want "of conifdence. Tho address,'in eoply to.tho opening : speech of the Acting- Qovornor, being odvorso to tho - Ministry, had not bean presented, and-the Qovornmont . deollned to fix aa hour for its presentation. The difBv culty was met by a mombor of tho. Opposition, who, followed tho precedent established, in ' 1812, by Mr.« Btuirt Wortloy, who, as the mover- of a similar r address, took tho address up to. tho Prince Regent IVom a correspondent who haa recently been, at', Franklin Harbour, tho South, Australian Advertiser* has rocoivod particulars of an abominable outrage upon, a ahophord'a wife by a black, boering tho namo of Ne li- be ty, known ao a truo nativo bushranger. It appears. M'Konzio, overseer to Dr.. M'Kocknlo, and during.Uioir absonco tho nativo carno to tho hut, about 10 o'olock is tho foronoon, and peremptorily domanded "-tucker," which the woman refused. Tho savago still hung about tho placo, tho woman watehing him rilli aha sup- posed ho.had gono, but about 2 o'clock he suddtnly mada his appearance, and taking hor unawaros as sho was sitting sewing, thrust a spear into hex, the poor woman's lifo being saved by the weapon, finding a lodgment In tho hedy of on unborn child. Sho thea pulled out tho spoor» and the nativo carao- on again to kill her with a waddy, but his intended vietim seizing a gun, the miscreant ran away. > About 4, o'clook the shephard returned, and on loaming what had hnppenod sodo twenty miles to the head station for Dr,, M'Koohnio, who, without dolay, returned with thaï I shepherd, and paid ovary attention to,the sufferer. " We hava- been favoured," says thi South Austro», lian Register, '? with the following; particulars rotativo, to the late Captain Jamloson, whose death, announced*, day or two ago, was oecaalonad by a fall from the stops, at Port Adolaido es ho waa getting Into a boab with sevoral mombers of his family:.-'Captain Alosa ador Jamloson was born In Abordoeashire in 1788, took his. first command in 1808, and for forty-flvo years com« m anded vessels to nearly every part of the worldr-. East end Wost Indios, China and America, aa well as» tho colonies. He brought out. many thousands 62 passengers to Hobart Town, SycWíy, and Melbourn*. His first voyago to this port was in 1837» in tho akin. Trusty ; and, what ls vory uncommon, during h£a wholo voyjging ho never was wreoked, sojreoly «vor losing a spar. Ho has loft a largo progeny, children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, numbeitngovor sovonty. Ho hal many frionds nnd few onomies. He hadexoollont health, and usually walkodtothe port till tho day ho mot with tho acoidont which hastened his doath. " About tho lOtli ultimo, tho body »f a dead mon ?was found noivr tho boundary fenoo of Morago and Zara runs, at Wnngoniua. It waa ox nminod by constublo llutahisou, mid appeared tn havo bten dead about ton dnys, but ehawod no marka ot violones. On tho body wns found n wrnpporof a nows-. paper, addrnssod to Mr. Uolomnn, tho publican, " road« aide, viaWançouilla,"and about two hundred ynrdaoff a Bvvnft mada up of old hage, 1J lbs of (lour, and a par« tion ot tho Syduey llorald of April tlBth. Thors was plonty of wutor nour whero tuo body laid, and a station road two mild off. Docensed wa« nbout Ö foot 8 inelicR in hoight, and nppurontly nixty yuarB of ago; hair groy, long, and inclined to euri; aud drcBSod IA moleskin trnuRors, Scotch plaid ohirt, light vost and il TU mut, hluohor boots,and whlto folt hat. Mr. Gals man known nothing ot doceuscd, hut Mr. F. Peppin romombors do.casod calling nt his station and rooeiring rattans about ton days before tho body was found. Decoased, then having Boro evos, e»id ho was travolliag from Maudo to tho Deniliquin Hospital. Doooasod la sa yet unidontlfled, andfurthor iufonuitiou ls Bought Donillijulu Ohrouclo, 