IMPROVED STATIONS IN RIVERINA. The following rather interesting account of pastoral life in lliverina is furnished by the special reporter of the Pastoral Times: — On the first discovery of the Australian gold fields, and for many years afterwards, the woiking population of the bush, of these parts in particular, became unsteady in mind and unsettled in habits. Previous to the commencement of the "golden era" the employes were chiefly "old hands"—a modified designation of a class that, in these parts as well as in the colony generally, are fast passing away, fortunately, the moralists say, for the religious and social advancement of all the Aus tralias. Tliey were useful fellows, the " old hands"—hardy, inured to all kinds of work, un susceptible of fear, cool in danger, and ready for any emergency. They could always earn high wages at bush work of every description, and their wants were few, their cares were less, and as for sources of enjoyment they had none. Mentally, they were almost in vacuo. Buried in the solitudes of the hush, they passed away their time, if not joyfully, it was to them far from unhappily. As a rule they held it,to be their duty to themselves and to' the scattered society among which they lived to, soend their cheques ". like men.!' But when the'Bendigo gold-field .was first discovered' this galyaniiseii the. old hands'' into life, ; and nearly^, alKj.of them rushed to that famous: but fleeting JStf Dorado; I have it.from an old squatter in the .Hiverine district that all hia hands left'him tb rush' to Beiidigo,1 and he appealed to one of his oldeBt servants, 'who had been in the squatter's service'"for "many 'years. "Why, Bill,'' said the employer, " surely you are not going to leave me, and let tny sheep go all about the country— are you, Bill?" " Well, master, the poor man's time is come," replied Bill, " and I must be off to Bendigo, where they be getting gold in bucketrfull." So Bill hid hia mister "good-bye," and went to his mates on the station. Presently he returned to his late em ployer, and thus addressed him—u Well, master, you have been a kind master to me, and I be sorry to leavo ye ! but things are reversed now; so don't blame me in seeking my fortin'—inv mates and I have been turning it over, we know you cannot work like us, but if you come along wi' us and do the cooking—which won't be hard —you can have your share of the gold, as much as any of us." The offer was declined, though made kindly enough. Hill went to the goldfields, made a large pile at Eaglehawk, Bendigo, spent it all, and after about three years' knocking about, returned a sadder and wrser man to his master. Bill was now penniless and broken down in health. Others of this class, with fewer good points of human nature in them than had old Bill, used to amuse themselves chaffing squatters in the streets of Melbourne. Some who went to the Prince of Wales Inn in that city (the great resort of squatters at that time), would call out for a case of champagne in the lobby of the hotel, and would boldly shout out, " Be there any squatters here as wants situations as cooks?" But time tries all—the fleeting prosperity of the day passed away; numbers of new chums came into these pautunil districts, espr .'ially in shearing time; they partook of the sp;nt of the times— they were (lasher than the "old hands," and in finitely inferior to them as working men—the old fellows looked down with pity on the new chums. For years after the discovery of gold the shearers fspeaking of them as a body) considered that they were conferring a special lavor on the squatters by shearing for them at an exorbitant price and .gutting the best, rations at the cheapest rate, so the shearers fell victims to good fortune—prosperity being, in these sudden elevations, very much more difficult to bear with than adversity. The shearers were then not only inferior workmen, but they were a reckless class of spendthrifts, with few re deeming points in their characters. They had no mercy on the poor sheep, which they cut and hacked about frightfully; the skins of the shorn sheep were so outwardly and inwardly deformed that they appeared as if tliey had been hacked by the adze rather than clipped by the shears. As for "getting up the wool" in those days, that, from the want of labor, was impossible, and the squatter was considered fortunate if ho got all his sheep "shorn, in the roughest manner and iu the grease, when it was hastily and clumsily packed, and as clumsily taken to the port of shipment. Iu these days all was rough, rude recklessness. But things are now changed, reaction has set in, society here is no longer " like a pyramid with its base uppermost," and iu all the leading sheds in lliverina the shearer must, behave himself with decorum and comport himself like a man. Plaoh ness would be cut short, and the shearer practising it would he immediately told, "Go and be settled with"—he would be again 011 the tramp. | The first few days at the commencement of shear ing lire devoted by the head super to culling his men, all of whom are watched narrowly ; inferior shearers and objectionable persons are got rid of firmly and quietly. The shearers soon know the metal the super is mado of, and take their cue accordingly. If lie be firm and conciliatory he will earn their respcct and their confidence, but the least indication of a wavering disposition in the super, then farewell to " order" in tiie shed. I never savr a better regulated shed than that at the Yanko, where there were about eighty men at work, including all hands told, of whom fifty seven were shearers. The kindness shown them was of that consistent orler which springs from a a firmness ol character without being unduly par ticular, and thus magnifying small errors, termina ting in constant bickerings. They were of all ages ; and not the least nttentivc to his duties was a man of colour, from which we may infer that thero was not one Yankee in the shed—your real Yankee looks upon the negro very much as Du Challu would on the gorilla, as an animal to be studied in natural history in order to discover its origin and species. I examined the cook's house at the shed, and nothing could exceed the getting up of the meals ; the brightness of the tinware pannicans, apootiB, knives, and forks —the cleanliness of the forms and tables, and to crown all, the quarters of mutton—the round legs and square shoulders, and n plenty of them — the heaps of bread, meat, and puddings—not to omit the dainties (if such were required to assist the. appetite), all these told of Australia Felix. I could not, for the moment, help malting tho comparison between old England and Young Australia. The position of the work' ing men in Briton's old world and our new was forced on me—for I have seen the poor struggling labouring men in the counties of England, who are thought happy if each can secure Gs or 10a per week all the year round—to whom a leg or a shoulder of mutton is a luxury, and only to be thought of on some great gala day—3uch as at the christening of the first-born, or on the visit of a father-in-law, or other near relative. The com parison sprung up spontaneously in my mind—the I contrast was painfully inevitable. And I thought, too, of the much abused squatter, whose rank offence against the industrial classes seems to be in finding so many thousands of them with such fare as this 1 By the time the shearer has done work he is not much inclined for amusement—he smokes and yarns after supper, and turns into bed about nine o'clock. On wet days, when the shearing is stopped, time hangs heavily, and at Yanko they got up a dramatic performance. The long dining' room, used by the shearers, was transformed into a rude looking theatre—the drop scene extending across the room was of white calico with rough sketches of hills and dales, and a very fair repre sentation of a black-fellow going up a treo after an opossum. There was a large kangaroo in the foreground. The men had all their parts written out, and played " Hamlet" with considerable boldness, I was promised the gratification of an amateur performance oti" my return in two or three days. The men having heard that I belonged to the fourth estate had got up their parts with much care. An enterprising hawker of general goods who, with his wares, was lying in wait at tho abed to catch any stray pounds in the way of trade, wrote a prologue for the play, but on its being submitted to tho head superin tendent it was condemned as being too lavish in praise of the " boss." I was looking forward with curiosity to see the men acquit themselves— but during my absence a serious aflair happened— Ophelia had departed, or, as I was told it in very undram itie language, '• Ophelia was sacked." The shearer who had played this part having offended against the rules of the shed, had been given his eongc to play his part upon another stage—much to my disappointment as well as to that of the head super who had forgotten the offending shearer's part in the dramatis perswiot The plays left one pleasing impression behind them—the money taken at the door, amounting to L14 odd, was given to Deniiiquin Hospital. The shearers then of the present day, as a rule, are not all composed of the reckless class of ten years ago—they are not leavened with the "old hand" class, or many of the new hands of the flash and rowdy school, but are small set tlers, fanners, and farmers' sons, and from other avocations of the industrial people of the colo nies. Morally and socially they are better men, and they take care of their money. A large pro portion of them are married, and though there are still among them too many of the reckless kind foitind wandering through these colonies—taking tliese men on the whole, they are a decided im provement on the objectionable characters that gave the',squatter so much annoyance and anxiety ediue ten or twelve years ago. iTiie Late Major Von Tempsky.—A fund is being Raised in Auckland for the purpose of edu cating the two sous of the late Major Yon Tempsky. The widow and her family are resid ing .at Parnell, in that Province. The Yelverton Case.—The papers containing the details of the celebrated Yelverton-Longworth case weighed three tons. The case had been tried eighteen times, has employed twenty-six judges, and 200 lawyers, and has cost L20,000. A Furious Goat.—"Accidents from wild cows are not very (infrequent occurrences," says the Kyneton Guardian, '• but it is not often that we hear of serious injuries being inflicted by infu riated goats. One such occurrence of a very serious nature occurred at Malmsbury on Tues day afternoon. The oldest daughter—a girl about ten years of age—of Mr Perkins, who resides near the railway station, was sent to milk a goat which had recently kidded. The child caught the kid, and was immediately attacked in the most savage manner by the goat. She was knocked down, and her shoulder-bone broken, other injuries of a less serious nature being inflicted." This Bunyip at Oomtico.—The following re port is furnished by u gentleman residing in the Cobden district, who lent his rifle to the sports man and for the purpose therein mentioned, we therefore publish it for genorul information : — The residents of Cobrieo have for the past week or two had a stranger among them who has for the time being put an effectual stop to all eel fishing on the lake, a sport that was nightly indulged in by the youth of the neighborhood previous to his advent. Issuing from the swamp may now be heard continually the most dismal cries, and that hollow unearthly voice can proceed from no other than the presumedly capacious jaws of that horror of black mankind, the bunyip. Although he gives mouth mostly of an evening, his loud " oo-oop," given generally three times in succession, is also heard during the day, but at longer intervals. At such times his whereabouts in the wide expanse of reeds and rushes might easily he discovered by the venturesome sportsmau. One attempt to effect a capture was made a few days ago, the hunter being armed witli a rifle and accoutred for the occasion. Stalking (or the spot whence the .sound proceeded he made it at length in three feet of water, where he "lay low and kept dark," and was carefully examining his priming to sec that all was right for the expected onslaught, when ho was of a sudden so startled on hearing the roaring of the enemy close to him, followed by a rapid paddling as of a steamer, that in the excitement of the moment, not being at all sure but that the monster was making for him, he lost his footing, going in up to his chin, and, it is needless to add, beforo he could resume his perch on the " tussock" the quarry had vanished. It ia now live years since these waters were last visited by this individual, since which time this particular "wail" has not been heard. Unfortunately there is no boat on the Cobrieo at tho present time, or there is no doubt but that attempts would be made daily, either by one party or another, to laud this specimen (of what is erroneously considered by J many to lie of the mythic family) of the bunyip. IVfxttrii Press, 17th October. A "gnat, brute of a husband" advertised in the paprrs for a strong, able- bodied man to hold his wif toir/ue. A French gentleman who had heard rum culled spin's, wn.t into an hotel n few evenings since and called tor a glasi of punch, requesting at the same time that it should be made of" ghost« from i the Vest Indies." 