? THE LIFE OF A POLISH PATRIOT. ? ^ ? COUNT MONTALAMBERT ON COUNT LADISLAS ZAMOYSKI. A fortnight ago, says the 2 ablet, we announced as an event of mournful interest to every Catholic capable of feeling admiration of heroic qualities and eompassion for extraordinary misfortunes, the death of Count Ladislas Zamoyski. Since then his funeral oration has been published, and we have translated it in the following columns. Its author is Count de Montalembevt. In all Christendom there was no other so well entitled to the honour of commetuorat- ' ing the illustrious dead. There was no other half so capable of doing justice to the theme. Those who, even through the imperfections of the translation, discern the unimpaired vigour aad fervid eloquence «£ the great Catholic champion whom they have so often admired, will share with us the hope that the report of his improved health and expected recovery may be speedily confirmed : — The nineteenth century, now verging to its close, ! will have nothing to show in the course of its history More grand, more touching, or bearing more dis tiactly the stamp of moral beauty, than vanquished, prescribed, world forsaken Poland. This nation in mourning and in blood, which will not die, thus race I of unconquerable men anl women, which survives I all tortures, all treasons, and all catastrophes, what I a sight and what a lesson ! Its existence id at once I defiance aad an appeal : a defiauoe hurled at the I insolence of fortune, an appeal to the loo tardy jus I tice of an avenging God. Forgotten, disdained. I slandered by triumphant iniquity, by egotistic opu I lence, by the courtiers of success, insupp- iroable tu I tke winners and the prosperous of this world, thei I they are, like Mordecai before Hurin.au, iiuuiovabij ? resolved never to forget, never to despiir, never i ? capitulate ; incomparable types of suffering, of sacri ? Ace, of obstinate paiience, of indignant patriotism : ? invincible martyrs and confessors, .not only of tli ? Faith, but of right, of country, and of liberty. I Amid this crowd of the proscribe,-! and the van 9 twshed there stood, like a mighty oak struck by tiin' I Aanderbolt in the heart of a forest ravaged by fire, 1 &? ««Ue fifiuw^of. Count Ladisiaa Zauioyski. Be B fore the waves, of oblivion and indifference cover his pare and generoas memory, let us endeavour to retrace a few features of aa existence which belongs to us by many titles, for he was born in France, while his parents were oh their travels there, and he died in France, after having almost always lived in France, during thirty-seven years which he spent in exile without ever seeing again his trne eountry. j Here would be the proper place to speak, accord- ' ing to olden wont, of the anoeators of the illustrious dead. But how can we hope to make our content* poraries understand the splendour and the power of those great houses of Poland and Lithuania, whose; immense possessions, innumerable dependants, prodi gious and permanent influence, have nothing analo gous to them in the West, even in the most aristo cratic epochs of onr history. As at the time when a Zamoyski figured. at the head of the Embassy which came to offer the Crown of Poland to a brother of Charles IX., some personage of this race is always found in the first rank in the history of their country. I know not, whether they had equals, I only know that in their country no one ever pre tended to be their superior. But nothing in their history befits our present subject better than the legend of their motto and of their armorial bearings. A King of Poland, with whom the commonwealth had reason to be disaffected, being engaged in a conflict, with the Teutonic Knights, finds in the field of battle a Zamoyski dying, his breast pierced by three lances. 'To mnieg boli,' cries the dying niaB, ' That is not what hurts me,' or ' That hurts me less than a bad prince or a bad neighbour.' These three words and those three lances constituted; from that time the blazon of the Zamoyskis, and they could not be remembered without suggesting a singu lar connection between them and that scion of the. race whom we knew best, that wounded hero whom we saw ho long with the deadly weapon in his heart and words of proud resignation or of intrepid disdain upon his lips. Fortunate are those great races which, before they are submerged by the rising tide of equality and modern uniformity, can still light the world with a parting gleam and adorn the history of their country with some noble heart kiudling for great causes and for holy faiths— some strenuous lover of right and duty, capable of immortalising himself by a generous death like our Due de Luynes, or by a whole life of devotion and sacrifice like Count Ladislas Zamoyski. For do what ycu will, so long as nwn are men, they will be always moved by that uudefinable finish which high birth aids, to great virtue and to great misfortune. ? : Ladislas Zamoyski was twenty-seven years of age ; he was an officer of .the Lancers in the Polish array and Aide-de-catnp of the Grand Duke Constantine ; above all, he was piuing under the desire of serving his country as a soldier and a citizen, when the mill-' tary insurrection of Warsaw broke out at the end of November, 1830. It wa«, as has been said so often, the advanced guard of the Russian ainiy directed against the Fiance of July, turning upon the main body. Although he had taken no part in the insurrection the great position of his family. ami the precocious maturity of his mind, euabled him to profit by the special relatious existing between him and the prince, whose arbitrary and insensate acts had principally provoked the revolt. He obtained from the Emperor's brother the order which separated the Polish from the Russian troop?, and gave a sort of regularisafcion to the tnilitun movement, whence there immediately issued a: na tional revolution. Disengaged thus f run all ties to thai; uufortunate Prince, the young Count shared ;in all the exploits of that campaign of 1831 which* left indelible memories in the souls of airthen;;livhig; which, for ten months, kept Europe breathless in the; agitation of its terrible vicissitudes, and every inci dent, of which reflected itself in violent excitement iu the French Tribune or in the streets of 'Paris, and even at the reviews held by the King of the French. There was something at once heroic and legendary in that disprc portioned but prolonged struggle be tween a handful of bmve men and the colossal rev source of Russia ; in widen the old comrades of. Douibrowski and Pouiatowski, those Mamelukes of the First Empire, were «eea driven to battle by youths all on fire with the passion of modern liberty, in which the leading part was Jong filled by thi: general in chief, Sinz.vnecki, a true medisev.-,! Paladin, who in the order of the day for his a.nu.y' inserted prayers to the Ble.ssed Virgin a-s Queen pi P .ilit ud, who'.was always seen the first under fire a* :,-ie, first at prayers, ajui who,, before evervthiug else, was Christian and Catholic- to the 'iu'ar'roft\'bf bin1 lioneo. 1 know not how it may be in ' tui3 respeb^ nt'ii the young Poles of our days, but I affirm tbiit tliey would be false to Ik* uoblest as to the most in tis'iutable precedents of the heroes of the struggle of ; 331, it they allowed tlmmselvea to be enervated by li^ious indifference, and «till more, if they suffered , iyone to trail through the abysses of contemporary i-.hei.sm aud tuaierialiaui, that banner which their others auJ ancestors never separated from the cross of Jesus' Christ. ? ? , . , . At length, when the countlesa masses which Russia succeeded in flinging upon Poland had da lodged the insurgents from all their positions ; when bheFrench Government's attempts at intervention had tailed to overcome Lord Palmeraton's icy and cymeal indifference ; when Europe submitted to remain a quiet looker-on at the nation's hecatomb, Ladislas Zamoyski, who had remained to the last in the front rank of the combatants, who had won the grade of cbionel by his wotladB and deeds of valour, only laid Jown. his arms with the last division of the Polish army; under Ramoriho, when it had been driven into Galicia. He then crossed the frontiers of his conn .bry»..^.aich he was destined never more to see,1 and arrived wounded, mutilated, but flat less determined thata in the first days of his youth, to place himself af 'the, disposal of his uncle, Prince Adam Cyartory ski, who had been the venerated chief of the Polish emigration after having been the president of the national government. It was then that we saw him first appear amongst us. Young, tall, eager, active, indefatigable, bearing the stamp of his mission on his person and in Mb glorious scars, always exclusively occupied with his cause and with his country, but endowed with a serenity and a solidity beyond his years, he arrested, he attracted all eyes. Wandering asolitary exile, amid a world which was soon to cease to care for Poland, he gazed with calm and steady eye upon the career which honour and duty chalked out for him — a career of obscure toil, and daily leading further from reward. ; ;Let me pay here a just homage t© the first Polish emigration of 1831, which, preceded by the envoys ofuthe Natioual Kniacewicz, and grouped around Prince 'Czar'toryski, and the ex-Ministers Mala chawski, Generals Dembinski, Dwernicki, and Rybioski, and the ex-Ministers Malachowski and ?Mdrawski, afforded hs for forty years such splendid examples of constancy and devotion, of modest dig nity and magnanimous resolution. How many are there yet remaining to whom I can address this last token of a religious admiration which I shall always reckon among the most salutary and most endearing emotions of my soul f I owed them one of the greatest blessings of 'ife— the honour of knowing and understanding the grandeur and the beauty of a losing cause. Called upon to sacrifice everything at the shrine of their murdered fatherland, not one among them hesitated to accept these fearful terms. RicL and poor, old and young, citizens and soldiers, all had to serve an apprenticeship of sacrifices as pain ful as unlooked for, and 'net one refused. The less obscure were often called to. endure privations which contrasted strangely with the prodigalities of a luxury often too oriental. Ladislas Zamoysi was the first to enter on a career so new to him and to his eqiial.s. . He was wont to reserve for a more general object, or to distribute among his less favoured com rades, the subsides which his relations sent him. ' Every day,' he said, ' I am learning to do with out something.' He was content if he couM keep ' his cherished sabre ; so he wrote with juvenile vaivette, and in the ardent hope of drawing it again and soon. The French refugees whom the revocation of the E lict of Nantes banished from their country were the represent tives of liberty of ceascience odiously per secuted, and by that title they acquired and they preserved the active sympathies of all Protestant nations. The Irish emigrants who about the same time were the victims of the obstinate, and incon sistent intolerance of Protestant England found in France and Spain careers which were opened wide to tlietn and whiuh they filled nobly. The emigrants of'(l792 were the representatives, not only of monarchical honour and fidelity, but of an entire sod il order, of which none thought the fall so near, 'li'ud' wh'teh was still established throughout Europe ; ..atici to these they owed, at least in the early period of their exile, the support and aid of all the powers which tbe revolution either attacked or theratened. It was far otherwise with the Polish emigrants of 1831, and yet they personified at once political liiierty, nay, a great people, erased by a crime then uiiexunpled from the list of nations, and unani mous iu their protest against that decree. They re ceived from the agitated and divided West none of the consolation and hope which they had a right to look for. France and England gave them generous alms to succour their material wants, but that was all. Swayed t-y a twofold fear of Muscovite pieponde r.iiicp abroad, aud of the dangers in store for them '?from dein.igogy;at home, no statesmen, even the viuost liberal, could or would espouse the Polish causer What vas sadder still-,, that cause remained i!png' disregarded by those whom it ought to have mirred most deeply. Except from the then re-stric te-.l group t»f liberal Catholics, the Polish refugees, victims of the most determined persecutor of the Church iu the nineteenth century, met with no sympathy in tha religious world. It was a time when Catholic monarchical and aristocratic Europe was miserably proatrate befote Austria and Punce Metternich, before Russia and I the, Empeior Nicholas. Except from them, at Paris, j and still more at Rome, no hope vh entertaued$ ' -~ ? r ? — «???? ? ? — ?? — _ „. i iigy There reigned among the champions of the throat and the altar a truly revolting animosity against thf Poles, of which on justifiable traces are still here and there perceptible. For a crowd of Christian souIh among the Polish emigrants this was the heaviest of their crosses. I have a right to speak of.it, for perhaps no one leceived on this subject more painfai communications in confidence, and no one, I Tenturt to think, did more to bring about a happy change iu -. this respect among Catholics, beginning with thi good and generous Gregory XVI., in connection wift this very Count Ladislas Zamoyski, whom the Pop* was kind enough at my request to encourage, to re-; pair to Rome to visit him. ., ' But what time and trouble were required to repair this strange mistake ?— and how much did it aggra-. ', ▼ate the anguish inseparable from a prolonged exil« —that anguish which every well-nurtured heart ; must understand, even without having experience* it, and which inspired a poor great mind, already , depressed, with the last flash of his genius : , . ' He went forth a wanderer upon the earth. M«j ? God guide the poor exile. I passed from nation to * nation. They gazed on me, and I gazed on. them, [ and we knew not one another. The exile is every. : where lone.'— (Paroles d'un Croyant.) Ceunt Ztimoyski, always sincerely attached to %\% faith of his fathers, even before the death of «a \ adored mother had developed in him a fervent piety * lived long enough to witness the happy transform*, w tion of Catholic opinion with regard to his country, ! he had the coasolation of seeing the whole Churok stirred at the voice of its chief by the incomparably ? sufferings of Poland. He Jived to know that, at ; least in France, every Catholic worthy of the nan« ' \ offers up incessant prayers to Divine mercy that the -'. countiy of Hedwig and fcoideski may one day regafc - ? her place among free and independent nations, ' This deep and intimate harmony between the u»« I conquerable aspirations of his patriotism and the : daily increasing exigencies of iris religious fervow ' diffused a mild and consoling light over his closing y«ara ? ^ But, before reaching this gaol, how hard, aa£ ' rude, and thankless a career was his ! Associated, ' as has been said, by sentiment and courage, evea more thau by ties of blood, with his uncle Prince ? Adam Czartoryski, he was for thirty years the lien* tenant, coadjutor, the coutinuator of that grand au4 ' I unconquerable defeated chief, like him always unfor tunate, always repuUftd, always ueglected, always deceived, without ever being soured, discouraged^ oc depressed. '? Belgium, always hospitable, and which was enter- '., ing on the full possession ot her wnionality of 1831, at ; the very moment when Poland seemed condemned t« ' lose hers for ever, opeued the ranks of her army t* ':' Count Ladislas Z unoyski with the grade of Colonel, which he kad won upon tho bloodstained baaks of ', the Vistula. For fifteen years (1832 to 1847) k« waited in vain for the opportunity of drawing his, ' sword for his country, or for any cause likely to serr« ] evea indirectly the interests of Poland. He had to be content with using his numerous ' relations with the politicians of the two great consti- : tutional countries in order to keep the Polish quea- \ tion in its place among parliamentary discussions or diplomatic proceedings, and iu order to obtain fros* ' the French and Eugiwh Chambers those periodioal demonstrations wiricii appeared to him so many pro tests of the public Uw oi Europe ag.tinst the most odious of political crimes, so many guarantees against the prescription which the sad .leaoiny of man to* often establishes iu favour of injustice. . At iaat, iu 1846, he believed that he saw the dawn of a-befcter day. During the too brief honey, moon of the supposed alliance between Pius IX. aud Italian Liberty he repaired to Rome with sixty Polish officers to olfer tiis Catholic devotiou and his military experience to the new Pontiff, whom every- ' body theu believed to be iu more danger from Aus tria tha.-i from ihe llevolutiou. lie then joined as «. voluuleer the army of Charles Albert., and by tfo ?- side of that noble and uufortuuate sovereign shared, iu all the vicissitudes of the struggle of Piedmort against the Auatriaus. Lea us nob forget that nothing in the Austria «£ that day foretold the irue and aiiti-iiussuu Austri* of the present, and that every Pole had a ri^jut (4 see iu that Empire only the author or the aci.nuplio* of the tuisforiuues of hia country. Wiun Pieduioirt was beaten aud driveu back witbiu iis former froo* tiers, Couut Zainojski bent his steps to Hungary — Hungary, then an insurrection against Austria, but herself succumbing to an iusut-rection of its Slavonian population, who hud ' beou oauly uianagod aud irritated. It was to Uy to tuauo the Hua- : gariaus understand the rights ami the interests of those Slavonians, at that tune so disregarded by a»4 so unknown to the rest of Europe, tiuic ZiyinoshK went to eucouuter new dauger-s. Tao Russians tfooa. came upou the decue, aad iluugiry was cnisued. fcf th»ir efforts, combined with those of the Austria* army aud of the iiidurgeul Oroata. Couut Lidislag^ after nearly peridiiiug 111 tins roui ud J.'j.jjo3war, lot. I the leuiaius of tho Polish Legion fir.ii. into Surbis^ and then into Turkey. Ho roraviued iiiafa tw% Co&oiudeU; on page 11, 'Oh ,( ._ , ?wz-n- i n«' ' ?' ?? t ii- . -r ; ? i i '- ?' 'I ! ?»'? ,.-:., Continued 'from page'?. j ! years, disciplining and {preparing those sprccipua '?'.' remnants for future contests, while the 'Ottoman \ '. Porte was briaging honour on ita own weakness'; by refusing the delivery of the Polish and Hungarian exiles to the demands of the two Emperors of Aus tria and Russi?. He had scarcely returned to Fiance when the Eastern Question came on. Starting imme diately for Turkey, he bore his part with the rank of general in the .campaign on the Danube; ? .and before and during the Crimean war he V derqtedhis energies, -his incredible activity, his 1 rare intelligence, his obstinate perseverance, to the formation of Polish regiments of Cossacks, first in the service of the Sultan, but with the avowed hope of seeing them admitted into the ?'? '.ranks of the allies. He was flattering himself with the hope of succeeding in this difficult negotiation, when in January, 1856, the prelimi inaries of the Peace of Paris once more frustrated .all the hopes of his patriotism, and reduced to nothing all the chances of Poland's resurrection, cwrhich the startling but barren rupture of France ;and England with Russia had appeared to offer No one has yet unveiled the mysterious reasons : or rather the blind illusions, which prevented Tthe allied Powers in 1855, like Napoleon in 1812, ; ifiom evoking against Russia the only force which ?she could not have overcome, by recalling Poland ' ito.a national existence which was its most sacred right, while at the same time it was the sole ?efficacious guaranty of European independence and security. Driven to despair. by this supreme Hunder, Poland allowed berself to be drasvn, in 1863, into that prodigious and lamentable effortf the frightful consequences of which are still fresh in all memories. Count Zamoyski, already a prey to age and. eruel infirmities, made a last effort ;to induce England to combine with France in some one step or another, and not to be a silent spectator of the crimes which Russia has teen allowed to perpetrate with impunity in the face of the civilisation of- the nineteenth century. In this, too, he failed, and it was the last of his rain endeavours. He is dead, leaving Euf Ope more exposed than ever to the danger which he had so often pointed out, more than ever the dupe and the prey of Muscovite policy. He is dead, and saw Russia with greater in fluence than ever in the East, and free to set her leal on all the sanguinary hypocrisies of her his tory, now by fiiliug the world with her solicitude for the civil and religious liberty of Cretans, ?while she crusheB with her foul heel the last , palpitations of the Polish city, while with infer nal perfidy, she extirpates the last roots of the Catholic faith in Poland, and again by proinot : ing against Austria a formidable conspiracy of her Slavonian subjects, while the roads and . mines of Siberia are heaped with the corpses of thoBe heroic Poles who resisted the yoke of the Russians, a hundred times less truly Slavonians thaa their victims. , The history of Count Ladislas Zamoyski is ' therefore a mournful one. It is the history of a ', ahip-wrecked man whose shipwreck lasted all his ife. All hiB designs were baffled, all his enterprises proved abortive, all his hopes were vain. Always and everywhere he passed from disappointment to disappointment, from defeat to defeat, from catastrophe to catastrophe. He never tired, he never flagged, and he never succeeded. Xegleet Dg nothing, deeming no sacrifice too great, no detail too minute for the service of his cause, always on the watch for an opportunity to serve it once more, to incur some new risk for it, to procure it some new friend j some hew defender, to correct an error, to enlighten ignorance, to stimulate indifference. Steeled against disgust, mortifications, rebuffs, 1 and checks, and always raising himself with the perseverance of an old Roman from the battle* \\\ field on which he had been laid low, always he \ , fell again wounded and crushed by an implacably adverse fortune. One would have thought that so many trials, [ Material and moral, public and domestic, must I kave filled up the measures of suffering which is the lot of all on earth. Not so. He had to en I i dure besides all the afflictions which ought to be I ' reserved for the idle and the prosperous. With I irounds and infirmities from head to foot, he I passed the last ten years of his life a prey to I physical sufferings which made existence one I perpetual punishment. All that time he waa I familiar with the long weariness, the secret I aaortification, the sombre exhaustion of sickness ; I; and he bore it all with the same imperturbable 1 akn, the same tranquil and invincible courage, I which suotained him throughout the painful 1 fctublea of his public life. I Such virtues rewarded by such sufferings ! It ? is a great and mysterious lesson. And it would I Mem aa if God ha.8 destined him, to instruct ami ? t&ty; ne by thieJeSBon $ for his character always raised him, even more than his career, above the common run of men. No one could look on him without feeling wonder and respect in the pre sence of such strength of soul, in the presence of a patience that was never known to fail, in the presence of so singular a blending of heroism and gentleness, in the presence of such kindly no bility, such sovereign serenity, such indulgent rectitude. Happy and rich in domestic felicity which Providence had granted to hia declining, years we always found him content with his sad destiny ; content to live ; content to suffer ; coatent, too, to suffer a little less, and humbly grateful for the rare moments of respite which his many infirmities granted him so seldom. Without renouncing any of the fervid aspira tions of his youth, he had purified and trans formed them in the crucible of self- denial and sacrifice. What generous high spirit he retained was tempered by so much calm and so much modesty that the most exacting and the most touchy could not have reproached him with it. His Christian fervour grew even more glowing in proportion as the frosts of age congealed around him. He was as impassioned about the destinies of his Church as he was about those of his couutry. He gave a last proof of this supreme devotion when he dragged himself to Rome last summer, old and broken as he was, that he might offer at the feet of Pius IX. a last act of homage, amid those Feasts of the Centen ary of St. Peter to which the bishops and the faithful of the whole world flocked, with the ex ception of those whom, Muscovite Absolutism kept bound and gagged, and at which Ladislas appeared like the living ghost of absent and fettered Poland. Not faith alone, charity also, and. charity mainly, ruled and animated his soul— a soul at once so Christian and so chivalrous. What shall I say of his compassion, which was always so fruitful, of his generosity to his unfortunate countrymen, whieh was always so inexhaustible! With them he knew no reckoning. He went shares. But still more admirable was his charity towards his enemies, towards the ruth fess enemies of his nation and his country. No word of bitterness or raacour ever passed his lips. When he was asked one day, ' But what are we to. think of the Russians ? To what ex tent are they accomplices in the infamies of their Emperor?' His answer was 'I never judge them ; I pray for them.' For ourselves, who are witnesses and not vic tims of so many atrocities and who do not feel bound to such supernatural charity, and such heroic moderation, we raise from beside the grave of this just man a cry of pain and of sur prise : 'Usquequo Domine sahutus et verus, ndn judicas et rion vindicas sanguinem nostrum de iia qui habitant in terra ? How long, O Lord wilt Thou suffer the triumph of crime and false hood ; How long wilt thou suffer the blopd and tears o'f the innocent to flow ? How long wilt Thou leave unpunished this martyrdom of a whole Christian nation a martyrdom which has lasted nearly a century ? But every thought of mutiny against the slow course of Divine justice, every outbreak of a too impetuous grief is forbidden to us by the thought of the loved departed. He is gone ! His long and cruel trials are ended ! He will live in the bosom of God, in the memory of men, in the annals of his glorious house, and of his unhappy country. He leaves a noble and a cherished memory which will be a crown for his children, who were born in the exile in which he died, and were storm-tossed in their frail cradle on that sombre and tumultuous ocean of the Revolution on which their father battled all hie life. He leaves a sacred regret, which is of itself a treasure, to the admirable woman who gave her self to him in the stormiest days of his career, his intrepid partner in his toils and dangers, his gentle and unwearying companion in his suffer ings and his decline. She was happy in him and with him, and when this world has passed away she will enjoy 'a happiness that will only have been interrupted for a very brief space. Finally, he leaves a grand and helpful example to all who knew and loved him,, and to those especially who, with far less to suffer than he, bear their .sufferings with less patience and with less courage. The Daily News adverting to the threats of a bloody policy towards Ireland, disposes of them in these remarks . — 'Neither Europe nor Ame rica would now bear the sight of a Poland across the Irish Channel. The attempt could not suc ceed with a country so vulnerable as England, having territories to defend in every part of the globe, and half her population dependant , on foreign commerce. Were we to attempt it, and a rebellion so provoked were to hold its ground for a few weeks, there would be an ex plosion of indignation all over the civilised world ; and the time is come when the democracy of one country will join hands with the demo cracy of another country rather than help their own authorities in putting it down* 