THE Lounger in Parliament. During the greator part of last week the Legislative Chamber was enveloped in the dense fogs of the Kiama mystery. The want of confidence motion is now a mere subterfuge. Those who brought it for- ward and supported it, take every opportunity to es- cape from its consequences. Elated at first with a sure prospect of victory,. they commenced the battle with a great amount of bombast and fustian. The House at times, speaking in the convenient language of metaphor, was all shoddy and brass buttons. The most trivial digression from tho main question boforo the country was hailed with delight by the eleven members who usually follow Parkes ; and with mingled feolings of doubt and humiliation by the twonty gentle- men who still adhere to Mr. Martin. I don't know how it is, but somehow thoro tooms to ba somotbing vory common about thoso Parkoäites. Parásitos thoy aro, unquestionably. They aro boliovors in things visible and invisible, and being men of unstablo minds, aro tho moro roadily lod by tho nose by any " leader " who choosos to try tho ex. périment You can soe tho twelve-and-sixpjnny cut about tho trousers of thoso mon, and some of their boots arc neithor moro nor less than hobnailed bluchers. To a man, they havo boon pouny magazine informad, and if ono happons to address the House, as they all like to do, ho gives you such a drastio purge of ueoless knowledge, that you bccomo ofiliclod with pangs akin to thoeo endurod in a painter's colic. "Epidomics aro ptodu cd," says tho health ofllcer, " by impurities in the atmosphere." If things go on much longer-if Farnell or littlo Pid. and his tribo don't curtail their speeches, tho Legislative Chamber will bo thoroughly impregnated with tho miasm that breeds ranting favors, and roaring, bawling, grunting cholera spasms. Look what an exhibition that silly fellow who represents Parramatta mado of himself on Wednosday night Ho was confident ho wouldn't last a month as Primo Minister. I am certain he wouldn't last a week as an office- moEsonger. Ho boxed th0 compass to some tune during his thi-eo hours' speech, and be boxod tho common sonso of tho country, too, with his inconsequential twaddle But] the poor man was roally in earnost, though otherc thought he was only joking. Ono minute ho'd bo arm-in-arm with Hilton and hi» " Paradiso Lost ;" the next minute ho would bo rovolling in Bncheldor's panoramic scones of the Apocalypse, or somothing like it; in a fow moments you would find him diving into tho waters of geology, or inte tho intricacies of mathematics; ani the next momont ho would bo up among tho stars with Professor Dick ; and then he would suddenly eollap=o into a dessortation on Now South Wales geography, telegraphs to England, and locomotives running up and dowu tho zig-zags of a flash of lightning. This is always the caso with theso penny magazino mon ; and it is woll that this ono has a singular forboding, that ho will speak no moro in tho interests of Par- ramatta. But about these Kiama papors. Tho British lion, as Mr. Robertson ironically calls Mr. Parkes, throw these papers on tho tablo in hope- less despair on Tuesday night, when ho hoard tho pasons of thrco thousand pcoplo ringing a preliminary death knoll to his political greatness. Liko Wellington at Waterloo, ho was filled with the hopo that Wearne or night might como to rcliovo his agitated mind ; hut unliko Wellington ho was doomed to bitter disappointment and foll back in his seat with a look of anguish and doep sorrow. Ho felt that his bright particular star was boginning to palo, but tho Kiama papers and the Mystery-how about that ? Ho kopt the secret until squeezed out of him. I was astonished to find wo had so many re- spectable spios and informers in Sydney as Mr. Parkos said wo had. Thero aro hundreds. Not a day passed, ho said, but ono or more of theso gentlemen called at his offico with frosh information about their noigh bours. They saw his weakness, and began to stuff him] But ho who best fool'd tho Minis i_ il.. A_ _r , - 1_i _ /-\M7<-11 himeolf. What an amount of hypocritical friendship wo have on one side, and original decoptivo humbug on tho other, in the papers laid beforo Paoliamont Tho Kiama Mystery will certainly bo dramatised, and tho gaol scene will turn out to bo ono of tho most Bcrio-comic ovor witnossod upon the stage. Said Parkes, looking at the culprit with much pootio sorrow, " Did it novor occur to you whon you looked at the sunny wators, and the bluo sky and tho green trees, that it would bo belter to live?" Answoioi O'Farrell: "No, I was not enchanted by them ; they'ro all very well in their way." Said Parkes ( I quoto from memory): "Did you nevor fael a desiro for an interminable oxisteueo in the sunny regions of Australasia, where tho porfume of tho orango groves, and tho luscious savour of Oohon's kitchen struok upon your olfactory norves?" Answored tho culprit (dosing an eyo;: "At times thoy did, but I was ennuied. I was eufioring from a plethora of beef- steaks and onions, and'rum punch." Said Parkes, in- directly: ",Pooi follow! And who woro your associates in this colony, where do they live, and whore wero tho nasty lots drawn that placed you in this nnfortunate position?" Said tho culprit, approaching somewhat olosbr : " Gan you soo any greon in the cornor af this left ere ?" . If this is not tho ossonco of tho interviow then I'say that five hundred Bpeoial constables were appointed, and duly sworn in as hath been stated. Was tho British lion thirsting for blood when in his conversations with. O'Farroll ? Tho political lion is always floreo and cruol ; thoro aro no secrets ho hunts after with moro delight than tb oso that cut off heads, hang, draw, i and quarter tho persons who become his prey. And how woll the political lion can kcop his secret, In tho ropublio of Vonico, which has boon always tho mothor of politics (thia ÍB a bit of history . mind) thoro, aro,' near tho Doge's palace, several 'largo figures of lions curiously wrought in marblo, with mouths gaping in a most ravenous manner. Thoee who have a mind te givfl thejitate any privato intelligence of what passes in the city, put their hands into tho mouth of one of these lions, and convoy into ita paper of Buoh private informations as anyway, regard the interost or safety of tho Commonwealth. By this means all tho seorots . of the Sta'o como out of tho lion's mouth,. The in former ¡B concealed ; it is ; tho lion that tells pvery thing.; fc"o 'our political lion told all ho know about the Kiama Mystery,' on Tuosday night. ? " Fenian 1" Mr. Farkcsonly mentioned the word once. Ho never made any allusions at Kiama about' ''Fenian organi- sations"-not ho.' It was tho people, in the depth of thoir credulity, wha imagined this Ho didn't say ia man was foully, murdered in this colony. That was an inference drawn;'by tho ighoranco of. the people. Certainly, hp said,'five hundred specials had, been appttntod, becauso : five hundred badges were bought and paid'for) but that was on}y a 'slight mis- take j' and to do Mr. Parkos/justice, he acknowledged his mistake in ^Parliament, like a man,' when he eaw the lotter,, which.:Juo had. initialled " HP,", in Tues- day'* Empire AU theso foflootiorifl occunod to my miados Jlonnged'w^ÄrJiftm«15«'' . ' ; *.¡:" ! '.' À. man with an iron heart must hare softened down into pity, had lo Boen Mr, Parkes on Tuesday evening. ? Even his friends began to sit a little further from him. How mutable, and disinterested is friendship in this wioked world. At the picnic of Monday wook, when tho waters were sunny, tho sky bluo, tho trees g'eon, and the wines exhilarating, there was a mirage bf variegated emoluments on tho Tim of every wino glais* But now tho waters aro muddy, tho sky black, the trees withering, tho wino etalo, flat, and unprofitable, and refuses to dulcify tho blood. Evoa tho people in tbe gallery almost cry out "nave mercy!" But the Promior will not desist He ia tho challengoJ, not the challenger, and ho is determined to givo his antagonist a roasting in overy part, that ho may be well cooked for his offended constituents. Night after night, tho ghost of the Kiama Mystery kept haunting the dobate on tho want of confidonco motion, Tho Opposition seized ovory opportunity to divert dis- cussion from tho very motion which, at tho outset, they said waa of suoh importance that no other busi- ness should be proceeded with. Incipiont railway dobatos, o; a debate on carbonic aoid gas, would bo joyfully accepted now by tho Opposition. Tho greedy ojrmorants aspiring to office and omolnmont, are not so certain now in their hopos as when (hoy bogan; nor would tho roply of Demosthenes or Cicero, mach looa n"t "p rr"",." n"i,"n ""."""" r./." ti_1,1:. mind tho dosoreditablo iaeta tbathavo como to light in tho coureo of tho dobato. Hoavou only knows what furthor disclosures tho Treasurer will mako lhi» woeb, when ho makes his financial atatemont ; but whatever ho may say, how palpably and incontrover- tibly ho may provo his assertions, ho will find many Othellos in tho Assembly ready to contradict, and to still cry out, " Give mo tho ooular pro >f." It is a very common thing in tho Legislativo Chamber to hear hon. members bully one another, and call each other vory hard nnraoe, And ii is getting very common for ono set of hon. members to soap down another sot of hon. members in season and out of season, Thoy aro always Riving each other good characters. Another thing ia also becoming very common ia the Assembly- political snobbery in certain hon. members. You will frequently hear, either ono or othor on tho Opposition benches, say some- thing about thosociul position or character of ono or moro honorable mombors on tho Government honchos, and vice versa. Now, this is mero snobbery. In tho Assembly each man is equal, eaali man has been returnod by a constituonoy who aro supposod to know as much about the chara cter of their candidato as anybody else. It is no use of ono honorablo member trying to olovalo him- self to a higher standard,. socially, politically, sr morally, than anothor. It is snobbish to do co ; and insulting to common decency ; because, it moro fro quontly happens in this world, that a roguo is tho first to loudly set himself up as an honest man, and the first to give a moral character to eomo ono who is notoriously known to bo as great a scoundrel as himself, This practice thorofore, of mutual soft soaping ought to bo discontinued. It is snobbish, but by no moans calculated to load thoso who indulgo iii it to what Mr. Parnell called " a nappy hereafter." It was a relief to " turn from that barron waste ia which no verdure quickens', no salutary plant takes : root," to tho intellectual treat of Friday night. 3ír. Martin spoke in favour, and was followed by Mr. Forster, who spoke against tho motion, They con- sumed, together, about seven hours, Thoro was not that liberal indulgence in personal abuso, no resort to coarse personal vituperation. Mr, Martin spoke with vigorous manliness, and with exceed' ¡ng good tompcr. When any topic prcEontod itsolf, which tho honorablo gcnlloman could not grap-, plo with advantageously to his party, ho would, at such times, " wax wrathful," scarify, lash out right and loft, and demolish tho unwelcome subject by a torrent of li ¡ry expressions. Mr. Forstor, in reply, in his usually calm, logical, and somewhat prosy stylo, dealt with and disposed of the salient points in the speeches of those few in the Opposition who spoke with conso and temper. CHILD FOUNU.-On Friday evening; tho cries of an infant attracted a passor-by to tho garden attached to tho Church of tho Sacred Heart; a policeman was afterwards called, when it was discovered that tho cries proceeded from a malo child, aged about ono month or Ave weeks, comfortably wrapped up in flannel and a black shawl. The mothar is yet unknown, The ohild is in tho Benevolent Asylum. Cur COOHCIL.-Tho Municipal Council will meot at 3 o'clock this af tornoon. Amongst the noticoB of motion on tho paper is ono for adopting a recommen- dation of tho improvement commitloo, that tho Govern- ment should bo requosted to plaça a sum of monoy on the estimates far a railway from the quarries at Pros- pect to ibo Seven Hills Station;.tho cost of conveyance on 24,000 tons at ls. Cd., £1800 lor ono year, being considered sufficient to warrant such expenditure. PnrtENOLOox,--A loctu.'o on this subject was deli- vered at Burwood by Mr Oavanough on Friday evoning. Mr. Alexander Ogilvie took the chair. Tho delineations of character fr;lm tho configuration of tho heads of tho pcoplo aflbidod much intorost and amusement to tho audionco, who frequently testified to tho faithfulnoîs with whioh tho various traits of temporamont woro pourtrayed. A voto of thanks was warmly responded to by tho meeting, which separated Boon after IO o'clock. Tho attendance was not so Humorous as might have been had there beoa suffi- cient notico given of tholooturo. Henry Carter Campbell, said to ba tho eon of a woalthy squatter in Now Zealand, has absconded under circumstances of tho most discreditable oha ractor. He was employed,' according to tho Melbourne Argus, to drive a flock of 700 sheep from Nangunyah station, N.SW., to, Booohworth. On arriving at Ruthcrglon, however, ho sold 400 of tho sheep ta a couplo of butchors, and disappeared on th« 8th instant, leaving the remainder of tho Hook in the charco of t vf o bora. A warrant will moat likely bo issued for his apprehension. TUE DENILIQUIN MurtDjn. - John Lindsay, alias " Dorwont Nugget;" who inurdcrtd a fellow shearer named John Harpor, at Deniliquin, on tho 21st Octo hor last, by stabbing him,'has boon apprehended. . Tho Age givos tho particulate of tho capturo. ' ' It appoaro that on tho 21et ultimo, a telegram was received by the Melbourno dotcctivo polco that Lindsay bad oroised the Murray at Bama, and wits'making his way up tho Goulburn. Tho intelligence was commu- nicated at once to tho country police stations, and on tho 27th ultimo, mounted conetablo Hoffornan, of G/isbourne, arrived in Melbourne, after tracing tho criminal from Deop Crock, Melton, Whittlesea, and tho Keilor Hoad railway eta!¡on, Being; now satisfied of his sojourn in' Melbourne the detectives sot about unearthing him. Somo futile, and'in some caeca ludiorous ottompts woro made nt ' securing tho mur- derer, but ho still managed to evade tho vigilance of tho offlcors. From . " infoimntion reooived," deteotivos Brown and Mainwaring proceeJed to Andor eon'B Crook, Upper Yarra, and at an early hour on tho morning of tho 10th, attended at Mr. William Brown's station, when tho moa were mustered, nnd-immcdiately E¡cited out the man they required. Ho'at first denied ¡B identity,'and'assorted ho hod savor beon in Donili quln ¡. but, on boing brought into town, UO.WOB at t nco recognised by a person who was present when the murdor was'committed, and by Mr Staughton, in whose employ ho had beon. ' Seeing that ho had now nothing to. oxpcot from a denial of his being the offender, ho admitted he was.suoh, hut stated that ho did not intend'to kill Harper, and that the,man's lifo was taken in an excited moment; and when ho (Lind- say) ivas, .under the ibfluorico.of ,liquor. . He , was to bo brought ' befdro tho city ïtoncb, and probably .re- manded to Doniliquin.' Much credit ia duo to constable Heffernan ifor the skill 'with ^ which ho tracked tho offender, to which may'be attributed hie arrest by the detective», who, of .course, juno ¿esotro aomí^mmeii 