A GHOST AT A TELEGRAPH STATION. [From Readings by Starlight. 1 1 am not a believer in ghosts; and though I confess I have my misgivings respecting the late -lamented Marley's spirit as set forth by Mr. Dickens, I cannot say that I am entitled to rank among the "spiritualists" of the present day. However, notwithstanding my scepticism, the tale I am about to relate made a strong impression on me, as the inci- j dents bore the stamp of truthfulness. I will I endeavour to make my readers acquainted j with the circumstances, and leave them to | draw their own conclusions, merely pre- j mising that I have no reason to doubt the { veracity of the narrator, who recorded the ] facts as his own experience. Two summers ago, I had intended taking a ! short tour in Ireland. It was the close of ; the week; all my arrangements were made ] for a start on the following Monday, and I had just dispatched a letter to my friends to apprise them of the time I expected to arrive j at the Irish capital, when a sudden piece of i news compelled me to postpone my visit. Next morning, after breakfast, I determined (Sunday though it was) to set off to H to inform my Irish friends by telegraph of my detention in London, and my inability to start next day as arranged. Passing through the village I soon entered the station, the silence of which was very striking compared with its usual bustling, week-day appearance. No busy porters trundled heavily-laden trucks, no screaming whistle or clanging bell gave notice of an approaching train, and the offices were all closed. At last I unearthed a greasy-looking porter from a lamp-shed, who, in reply to my enquiry respecting the transmission of a tele gram, informed me that the clerk wasn't in -attendance on Sundays, and if I wanted him I must fetch him from his house, which stood at the further end of the village, and beyond the little church, whose golden weathercock I could see gleaming through the trees at some distance. By no means pleased at this addition to my walk, I obtained the requisite information to enable me to find the clerk's residence, and set off on my expedition. Ten minutes brought me to the churchyard, through which a number of the villagers were rambling previous to the opening of the church doors; and passing on, I soon arrived at the house I was in quest of. In reply to my knock, a little girl opened the door, and in answer to my remark respecting the tele gram, I was ushered into the presence of the individual of whom I was in search. A few words explained my business, and we were soon en route. My companion, being of a communicative turn of mind, gave me; glimpses of village gossip as we proceeded slowly towards the railway station, whence in a few minutes more my message was flashed to the head office in London. " I suppose yon did not expect to be disturbed on Sunday morning," said I, as 1 paid for the message and prepared for my departure. * " No, I did not," replied tlie clerk, "for I never was wanted but once before on Sunday, and that wasn't by man, woman, or child either." "No! by whom, then?" I asked, with a smile. "Well, Sir, I know you'll laugh if I tell you what I think, but I always say it was a ghost that called me up that morning." "A ghost!" said I, "do you believe in ghosts?" " Well, you see, I don't and I do, if you understand me. I think there are times when spirits are permitted to come to us, and I fancy that my ghost was a true one." " Did the ghost come to warn you then?" T asked. "No, not exactly; it came to me to send a telegram." This was more than my gravity could endure, and 1 burst into a fit of laughter. "I knew you'd laugh," said the clerk, smiling himself; "but I assure you it's a fact." " Did the ghost send a message to its body, then?" I managed to enquire as soon as I had in some degree recovered breath. " No, Sir, not that; but it sent a message for a body," was the reply. " I should very much like to hear the - cir cumstances," said I "if you will tell-me thenl, though I do not believe in ghosts generally." " Well, Sir, if you really wish to hear the story, this is how it was;" and seating him self Upon the office stool, the clerk commenced as follows:—" It was one Saturday evening, just after I came here, that I was detained very late, having a lot of business to clear np, and so when I went to bed I was asleep in a minute, and, contrary to my usual custom, began to dream, I thought, Sir, that some one was thumping at the bedroom door, and though I repeatedly called to the person to come in, the door remained shut. At last, impatient' of delay," I fancied I jumped up and looked out, but no one was to be seen outside the door. I forget exactly what came next, but it was something connected with the telegraph here, and then I beard a woman's voice call out ' Loekhart' twice. Then came more hammering, and 1 awoke, but the knocking still continued. Convinced that this was the noise I had heard in my dream, I hastily put on a few things and went to the door to enquire the reason of the disturbance. Recognising the voice of one of' the railway porters, I opened the door, when the man informed me that the telegraph bell was ringing like mad, and that he was afraid something was the matter. "It was pretty light by this time, so I dressed and hastened to the station, whither the porter had returned. As I entered the office I heard the bell begin to ring, and as I approached the instrument I could see the needles were in violent action. "Signalling that I was in attendance, I awaited the message, which was from N- , i and to the effect that a collision had occurred near that place, which is, as I daresay you know, about eight miles off, and I was to send assistance at once. I immediately dis patched messages to the stationmaster and the doctors here, gave orders that the porters should be called, and then taking upon my self to stop a down 'goods' which now appeared in sight, I pressed the engine into my service. By the time the doctors had arrived, I had shunted the 'goods' and got a train of carriages and some trucks ready on the down line, and had replied to N that assistance was coming, mid that the down trains had been stopped. " I had not been seated long at my desk after this when the door opened, and a very pretty, though extremely pale and fragile looking girl entered. She was dressed in a shepherd plaid travelling - costume, and seemed ill and weak. Silently she took -from the window one of the telegram forms which lay there, as' you see them now, Sir, and, after writing something, handed the message to me. She then turned slowly round, and left the place without a word, or even raising her eyes from the ground. Astonished at her sudden appearance and departure, Iran to the window to see which way she had gone, but I could perceive no trace of heir in any direction. I had mechanically retained the paper she had placed in my hand, and it now occurred to me that the lady, whoever she might be, had forgotten to pay for the trans mission of the message. I therefore ran out and questioned the porter at the gate as to who my visitor was, thinking, as she was probably a resident, he had recognised her; but to my astonishment he declared that no one had passed him, which she mast have done to enter or leave the station. Convinced that he was mistaken, and had left his ; wicket open, I said as much, and some angry words ensued. Concluding, however, that j the message was in some way connected with the accident, I returned to telegraph it; but j fancy my astonishment, when, upon glancing ; over the paper, I perceived the name of i ' Lockhart,' the same IJiad heard repeated ! in my dream that morning, and which had j then been, I now recollected," somehow con- I neeted with the telegraph. " Determined to see the end of this extraor dinary coincidence, I dispatched the telegram, which was as follows:— "' From Amy Lockhart to N. Lockhart, Esq., St John's Wood. A collision has occurred at N . Come at once.' "I was more astonished than before at the contents of the message. The fact of Miss Lockhart having traversed the distance (quite eight miles) between the scene of the collision and this place in so short a time appeared miraculous. I pondered upon this until the whistle of an approaching train aroused me from my reverie. Upon going out upon the platform I .found that the train had returned from N with some of the sufferers by the collision. 1 assisted to convey those hurt to the carriages, waiting to receive them, and never shall I forget the sight that' presented itself that day; but I will not horrify you by detailing the appearance of the shattered and helpless forms of the un fortunate passengers who were carefully bestowed in the several conveyances, and driven slowly to the hotels, where prepa rations had already been made for their reception. " All were out of the carriages, as I fancied, when I was called to the rear of the train by the stationmaster, and upon looking into the 'break' van to enquire the reason of the sum mons, I recoiled with horror, for lying upon the floor of the carriage were three persons (two women and a man) quite dead. One of the women must have expired instantly, as it was evident the back was broken, but upon tbe faces of the others no traces of pain were visible. AB JL leant rorwara to oner any assistance in my power, my eyes fell upon the features of the younger of the two females, and I draw back in horrified amazement, for in the still and resigned face before me I immediately recognised the lineaments of the young lady who had come to my office a short time previous to the arrival of the train. " When I saw the young lady's body, I was, as you may imagine, shocked beyond expression, and quite unable to assist in re moving it with the others from the van. Mr. Y (the stationmaster), doubtless ima gining that the sight had unmanned me, desired me to return to the office, and not attend to anything further. "The three bodies were subsequently conveyed to the Railway Hotel to await the inquest, and in the meantime I made the stationmaster acquainted with the circum stances relating to the sudden appearance of the young lady, He was at first inclined to treat the whole affair as a delusion, but when I showed him the paper he was fairly puzzled, and said we had better wait and see if Mr. Lockhart came down in reply to the telegram. "A train from London arrived here early in the afternoon, and sure enough, Sir, one of the first to alight and to make enquiries respecting the accident was a gentleman who said his name was Lockhart, and that he had been summoned from London by a telegram he had received at his residence that morning. He enquired who had sent the telegram, and was referred to me. He then made enquiries for his daughter, who he was afraid might have sustained some -slight injury, and expressed a wish -to • see, her immediately. I then, apologizing for the question, asked him in return what his daughter's appearance was. He told me, pale, tall, and probably dressed in half mourning. I was afraid to tell him that I feared the worst (for remember, Sir, I bad no proof that the young lady I" had seen in the van was Miss Lockhart; it was only the coinci dence of the telegram that made me .fancy it was she). I therefore referred him to the hotel, where a number of people who had come down were already clamouring to gain some information respecting friends and neighbours. I was more sorry for Mr. Lockhart, I can tell you, Sir, he seemed to take on so; and when he heard for certain that his daughter was dead, they told me he fell down in a fit. " She was his only child, and had never left bim since her mother's death till a month before, and she was returning from a visit at the house of an old friend when she was so suddenly cut off. "Mr. Lockhart was ill for some weeks, and never saw his poor daughter after the day of the accident. " She was buried in the little churchyard over there long before he recovered from his illness. " The other sufferers had all been removed by their Mends, but it was sad to think that' poor Miss Lockhart was borne to the grave, while her only relative near was lying at death's door, and she was carried to her * last long rest' by strangers. "Mr. Lockhart recovered after many weeks, and he frequently comes here now, Sir, to see his daughter's grave in the little churchyard. " He questioned me about the telegram, ■ and I told him all as it had occurred. He has been very kind to me, and says he is convinced that it was the spirit of his daughter that came to inform him of the accident; and, indeed, Sir, I can give no other explanation of the sudden appearance of the young lady that morning. I've got the telegram at home now, and you can see it any day you wish, Sir. That's all about my ghost, and don't you consider I am justi fied in thinking that spirits are permitted to visit the earth at times'?" "I confess," said I, "that your story has impressed me very strongly, and am much obliged to you for your narrative." " Well," replied the clerk, rising from the stool on which "he had hitherto been seated, " all I can say is I have told you atrue story, and I can show you the young lady's grave in the churchyard, and the telegraph paper, which I liave still retained." . Curious to see the ghostly record, I con sented to accompany him, and having made all secure, the clerk led the way from the station, and by crossing, a field we soon reached the churchyard. Here my conductor strnck into a retired path, and passing behind the church, from whose open windows poured the full tide of praise from the congregation assembled within the ancient walls, we paused in front of a small grave, upon the headstone of which I read the name of Amy : Lockhart, and the date and manner of her early death. "Now, Sir," said the clerk, "if yon please to accompany me home I will let you seethe telegram." When we reached the house, my com panion opened the door with a latch-key, entered a small sitting-room on the ground floor, and opening a little cabinet which stood at the further corner of the room, took thence a paper which he handed to me. I turned to the window, for the characters were small and delicate, and read the contents of the telegram, which were word for word1 as my companion had stated them to .be. Many times since have I puzzled over the story I have just related, but I have never yet been able to arrive at any satisfactory s olution of the mystery contained. in the telegraph clerk's narrative told at H— upon that Sunday morning. H. F. Baron Piatt, when once, visiting a penal institution, inspected the treadmill, and philan thropically trusted himself on it, desiring the warder to set it in motion. The machine was aecordincly adjusted, and his -loH&bip-; began to lift his feet. In a few minutes, however, he called to be released. " Please, my lord,"" said the man, "you can't getoff.-s It's set for twenty minntes; that's the shortest time we can make it go " So the judge was in durance until his "term" ex pired. 