LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF HOLY TRINITY CHURCH, DONCASTER, BULLEEN. "Be this the chosen site; the virgin sod Moistened from age to age by dewy eve, Shall disappear, and grateful earth receive The corner-stone from hands that build to God." As intimated in our last, the interesting ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the above church took place on Monday last, by the Right Rev. the Bishop of Melbourne. The school children walked in procession from the school to the site; and three of the trustees—Messrs. Joseph Pickering, Thomas Buck, and C. Baker—conducted the Bishop, the Dean, the Rev. R. Hayward, Sir Wm. Stawell, and assembled friends to the same place. Arriving on the ground, the children were placed around the foundations, and the services of the day commenced by the Rev. Rowland Hayward reading a chapter from the Old Testament, appropriately selected, having reference to the building of the Temple. The Dean offered up prayer in the language of the collects of the church; and the liturgical part of evening service was most impressively gone through, the by- standers repeating, " with a loud voice," the Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and the several responses. The Bishop then offered up a prayer for a blessing upon the work engaged in and upon the workmen; that God's Word might be preached without error, and that the Sacraments might be administered free from idolatrous and superstitious observ- ances. Mr. C. Barrett then received from the trustees a glass jar, containing a parch- ment scroll, the Melbourne Church News, the Churchman of Victoria, a placard announcing the proceedings of the day, and some silver and bronze coins of the realm. The inscrip- tion on the scroll was read by Mr. C. Baker, and is as follows:— " In the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and and of the Holy Ghost. Amen—The Foundation Stone of this Church, dedicated to the Worship of God, and in honour of the ever blessed and glorious Trinity, was laid on Monday in Whitson-week, 1st June, 1868, by the Right Reverend Father in God Charles Perry, D.D., First Lord Bishop of Mel- bourne, in the Twenty-first Year of his Episcopate, and the Thirty-first of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, His Excellency Sir John Henry Thomas Manners Sutton, being Governor of the Colony, Joseph Pickering, Thomas Evans, Thomas Buck, Alfred Caldecott, and Charles Baker, Trus- tees; the Reverend Rowland Hayward, Minister of Kew and District; and Charles Barrett, architect." The 100th Psalm was then sung, and the stone lowered over the cavity. The level having been applied by his Lordship, and the stone adjusted, he gave three taps with the mallet, declared the same to be "well and truly laid," in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. He then stood upon the stone and addressed the assembly, congratu- lating the people on the good work they had begun, and encouraged them to proceed. He also referred to efforts that had been made to help them in Melbourne, by means of week- night services. Sir W. F. Stawell then ascended the stone, and said he could not refrain from saying a few words of encouragement, and to wish them God speed. He was glad that on the previous day there had been collections made in Kew Church for them, and a liberal re- sponse was given to the able appeals made. The church about to be erected would be the first between Kew and Gipps Land ; and al- though Kew had not yet finished their own church, he was pleased that it had thus lengthened its cords, and assisted the efforts made to extend the ministrations of the church. The present was a most gladsome sight, surrounded as they were by the forest scenery ; the rustic dwellings were incomplete without one associate—the church. That would be now supplied, and he most heartily congratulated them upon the good work they had begun. The Dean of Melbourne addressed a few words to the assemblage in his usual impres- sive manner, and was listened to with much interest. The Doxology was sung, and the Bishop pronounced the blessing. Mr. Baker, on behalf of his co-trustees, said before the company parted he wished them to show their thanks to the Bishop, Sir W. Stawell, and the clergy, for their kindness in attending that day; and called upon them to give three cheers, at the same time suiting the action to the word. It was taken up most heartily, and the forest resounded with the echo. The Bishop thanked them. Buns were then given to the children, and the assembly wended their way back to the school, where a tea meeting was held in the evening, to which our correspondent could not remain. Among those present were the Dean and his son, the Rev. H. B. Macartney; the Revs. C. T. Perks, R. Hayward, &c.; the tables being provided by Mrs. and Miss Tat- ham, Mrs. Pickering, Mrs. Baker, and other ladies. Referring to the building and its origin. The district, as our readers are probably aware, is a poor one. For some years Mr. Pickering held a service in his house, and latterly, through the instrumentality of the Home Mission Board, a lay reader, and oc- casionally a clergyman, was sent out. These efforts have resulted in gathering a congrega- tion of from 60 to 100 persons. Thus encou- raged, they were urged to the erection of a church. In the meantime, the Baptist chapel being disused and sold by that body, it was purchased by Mr. Pickering, who kindly granted the use of it to the Church of Eng- land, and service has been held therein for the past twelve months, with good results. The people have done what their means will allow them, and the Bishop in Council has granted £112, which, with what is in hand or promised, will make about £300. Nearly £200 will be required to properly finish and fence round the church. The building is ob- long, with chancel and porch. With the means at command, it is not to be expected that a very pretentious church can be erected; it is "Not like a temple rich with pomp and gold, But a mere mountain chapel, that protects Its simple worshippers from sun and shower." Plain though it be, situated as it is on a hill- top, its light-coloured stone walls as they rise will form a pleasing picture in the land- scape, as it will be seen " Peeping above embowering trees, To mark the spot where prayer and praise Shall sanctify the Sabbath lays" of worshipping villagers, and will be a silent monitor—a standing admonition to all not to forsake the assembling themselves together. 