THANKSGIVING FOR THE RECOVERY OF THE PRINCE. The Bishop of Sydney has issued the follow-<*> ing thanksgiving and prayer to be used on March 29 in all the churches of his diocese, and for seven days after, with reference to the recovery of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh. This is not intended to supersede the necessity of a general day of thanksgiving, which it is hoped His Excellency the Gorernor will appoint. This Prayer to be used after the General Thanks giving : —" O Almighty God, who art a strong tower of defence unto Thy servants against the face of their enemies, we yield Thee praise and thanksgiving for Thy mercies recently vouch safed to the Duke of Edinburgh, in restoring him to health and strength. We give Thee humble and hearty thanks that Thou didst gra ciously deliver him from the great danger and peril to which he was exposed ; and we pray Thee to continue thy loving kindness unto him, and to prolong his days upon earth, that he may live to Thee, and be an instrument of Thy glory, by serving Thee faithfully and doing good in his generation. Grant this, 0 Lord, for Thy mercies' sake in Thy Son, our Lord Jesus Christ, who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen." In the Communion Service this Prayer to be used instead of the Collect for the (^ ueen:— " Almighty God and Heavenly Father, who hast in all ages showed forth Thy power and mercy in the gracious deliverances of Thy Church, and in the protection of them that put their trust in Thee j we yield Thee unfeigned thanks and praise as for Thy many other great and public mercies so especially for that signal and wonder ful deliverance vouchsafed to Thy servant the Duke of Edinburgh from the recent traitorous attempt upon his life ; and as we do this day most heartily and devoutly adore and magnify Thy gloriouß name for this Thy great goodness vouchsafed to üb, bo we do most humbly beseech Thee to continue Thy grace and favor towards us, that no such dismal calamity may ever again fall upon us. Strengthen the hands of our Gra cious Sovereign Queen Victoria, and all that are put in authority under her, with judgment and justice to cut off all workers of iniquity. Pro tect and defend our Sovereign Lady the Queen with the whole Royal family from all treasons and conspiracies. Be unto her an helmet of salvation, and a 3trong tower of defence against the face of all her enemies; clothe them with shame and confusion, but upon herself and her posterity let her crown for ever Sourish. So we Thy people, and the sheep of Thy pasture, will give Thee thanks for ever, and will always be showing forth Thy praise from generation to generation, through Jesus Christ, our only Saviour and Reedeemer, to whom, with Thee, O Father, and the Holy Ghost, be glory in the Church, throughout all ages, world without end. Amen." His Grace the Archbishop was received at the principal entrance to the Cathedral by the clergy of the city and acolytes. The following pastoral was then read by the Key. M. J. Dwyer :— " Dearly Beloved Children in Jesus Christ, — Twelve years ago, in the Lenten Pastoral of 1856,1 addressed to you the following words: — " • It has pleased Almighty God, in His pro vidence, to bring us together in this fair land, from almost all nations of the civilised earth; doubtless for a blessing, if it be not lost by our own folly and perversity. " ' Sefore everything else we are Catholics ; and next, by a name swallowing up all distinc tions of origin, we are Australians; from what soever land we or our parents have arrived hither, be it from Ireland, from France, from Scotland, from Germany, we are no longer Irishmen, and Frenchmen, and Englishmen, and Scotchmen, but Australians; and the man who seeks, by word or writing, to perpetuate invidious distinction ia an enemy to our peace and prosperity. The generation of to-day is not to answer for the folly and vices of past generations ; and he who stripes, by bringing up the memory of past quarrels and injuries, to avenge himself for the past on the present, is endeavoring to realise the fable of the wolf and the lamb ; hatred and violence are in his own spirit, and if this man and that be not guilty towards him, at least some ancestor, he will still have it, was or would have been—let us avoid such an unchristian spirit and all its developments. As civilised men, as men of ordinary morality, we detest and despise it; as Catholics, we reaounce and abhor it. That man is a pest and a domestic traitor amongst us who, by naming the name of nation, or race, or class, or past injury, stirs up, by word or pen, one bitter feeling. Let us banish all such topics of conversation; let us not en courage such publications as abound with them. In such deadly wounds to Christian charity, wo cannot imagine any justification, nor will we admit any dangerous extenuations on pretence of custom or expediency.' : " And now again, at this solemn moment, when, after the commission of a most detestable crime in our midst, our hearts are beginning to recover from the miserable shock, and to expand in most grateful thanksgiving to our all-merciful God, who has averted from our beloved Queen's son, and from us, the fatal consummation of man's wickedness; —at this moment I address them again to you, with all the added force that the events of the last few days ought to give them. Twelve years ago they were uttered in your hearing, and Ido not say—l am far, thank God, from being obliged to say —that they were uttered in vain ; but I must fear that they have not produced all the effect which I desired from them, all the effect which every consistent aud good Catholic amongst you joined me in desir iDg to see. How else could it be that some men have expected that we Catholics should stand out from the body of Australians here, and denounce separately, a crime which is denounced by the very elements of all natural and revealed religion ? How else could it be ? It is astound ing on any other supposition. What! come forward on a pillory, for such bad eminence would be a pillory, and say that we really do consider the work of rebellion and disloyalty the work of murder and revenge, to be the work of the enemy of God and man! It ia indeed humiliating, and I will not believe that our fellow countrymen, our Australian fellow coun trymen, can on such a reflection think such a humiliation deserved. It can only be that because some few ill instructed and ill-advised, have kept up those separating, alienating, mis placed recollections and associations, against which I so long ago raised the voice of warning and entreaty—it can only be so that the least colourable grounds could have been imagined for expecting a specially Catholic protest against the crime, which has overwhelmed us with shame and sorrow. No; we are men and Christians, and I am sure, quite sure, that our fellow colonists of New South Walee ore jut and generous enough to maintain that we have earned amongst them a right not to be deposed from so much regard and consideration as is implied in these titles. That there should be amongst us men who are not of us, was to be expected. It is so in all communities. The unhappy creature who attempted the life of our Prince und guest professes to be a Catholic. Be it so. But will any man of sense believe that his crime was Catholic ? It is said that certain priests at Hokitika made a shameful public display of sympathy with public criminals. I know nothing of that disgrace beyond what I have read in the newspapers, but if the case was as it is reported, I can only say that the Church throughout the world condemns and disowns their deed. Ordinarily, I should feel bound by shame and chanty not to speak af the delinquencies of clergymen; but here, alway? supposing the newspaper reports to be correct, I am compiled by the duty of the greatest charity to declare, in vindication of the great Catholic community, that such an act would be only too sadly in unison with the known ante cedents of these particular men. " Catholio principles on the subject of dis loyalty and rebellion are as old as, and as well known as, the Church herself. From the time when St. Paul bade Christians obey and respect the powers that exist, because their power is of of God, even should it be perversely and cruelly exercised, down to our own day, there has been the one same voice of the Holy Spirit within the Church. Why have secret societies been condemned again and again, but because they have been known to be foci of sedition and rebellion ? No member of a secret society, under whatever denomination, can receive, even where he dying, the sacraments of the Church, unless he repent of his fellowship ; and a priest, who might be so wretched as to be an accom plice of such society, would be ipso facto sus pended and excommunicated. " And now, dearly beloved, bear with me if, whilst I protest with all my strength against the notion that you, as Catholics, could be sus pected righteously of any sympathy for, of any lukewarmness of indignation against, the hideous deed that has been perpetrated, I still make use of the sad occasion to recall to you my most earnest exhortation, to set your faces like flint against any habits, or societies, or modes of speech which may excite and maintain unfriendly classes or factions. We have many blessings here, we have, too, the afflictions which the good Providence of God permits, but let us not wantonly and wickedly import miseries and enmities. Australians we should all be. We owe it to each other, we owe it to duty, we owe it to Christianity. And I say, Australia for the Aus tralians, our sole and sufficient nationality under rule of our ever good and gracious Queen, whom, with Her Royal family, may God in His infinite mercy long preserve to us. "And now, dearly beloved, I invite you all, as many as can bo present, to the Cathedral on Sunday evening next. You have already, dur ing the Holy Sacrifice, whilst I was absent and in ignorance of our calamity, offered prayers for the Prince's speedy restoration to health and strength; and I thank you for the generous eagerness and faith of your prayers. On Sun day evening we shall sing the Te De.urn in humble, exultant thanksgiving, that it has pleased God to protect and restore the royal guest, whom it is no less our sincere delight than our duty to honor. Come all that can—l wish the Cathedral were large enough to hold all, that do, 1 well know, as their Holy Church teaches them, fear God and honor the Queen. " One word only more. The defilement of blood, if not bloodguiltincEs, is amongst us, and it was surely a happy thought of some one, I know not of whom, that a new hospital, the evidence and fruit of our grateful joy, would be !an appropriate expiation. It was a good, and a Catholic thought, and I trust that all the Catholics of the land will promptly bring their help to realize it. "fJoHN Bedb, Archbishop of Sydney. " Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin, 1868. "S. J. A. Sheehy.V.GK" The reading of this document was succeeded by the singing of the " Domine salvam fac," the usual anthem for the Queen. — S. M. Herald. Melbocbne telegrams to the Herald of March 31 say: — There has been some disturbance at Sale, and the Sandhurst police have arrested a man named Charles Stewart, alias Moses Carson, on the suspicion of his being an accomplice of O'Farrell —he is reported to have said, in November last, " That the Duke of Edinburgh would travel safely through the Australian colonies, but would be finished at Sydney." He has been remanded for a week. Carson is supposed at one time to have been sub-editor of the Nation. The Warrenheip Distillery Company have declared a dividend of 10 per cent. The people here are pleased that the state ment contained in the Age telegram that Mr. Aspinall was likely to be hooted in Sydney is without the least foundation. There were heavy rains here on Saturday night, and a man was drowned in Elizabeth street, the water carrying him under a foot bridge. Petty's slaughter-house, at Brunswiok, lias been burned, and two horses, thirty sheep, and nine lambs were destroyed by the fire. Adelaide telegrams are to the following effect :— At a meeting at the Town Hall on Saturday, 250 persons present, resolutions were carried condemning the neglect of successive Govern ments to have surveys of the Northern territory carried out, and purchasers put in possession of their land, and disapproving of the policy enun ciated by the present Government. In reply to a deputation of wine-growers, urging on Government to take steps to obtain free admission for South Australian wines into Victoria, the Treasurer stated that the Govern ment would take the matter up j but that from their correspondence with the Victorian Go vernment, they appeared by no means anxious to entertain the question. A telegram from Orange, New South Wales, says :—" A man named William Brennan has been arrested by the police, for using seditious language towards Her Majesty the Queen, and has been committed to take his trial at the next Bathurst Circuit Court."j Emu Creek telegrams state that two men, named Kelly and Noonan, were apprehended by warrant, yesterday, at Tygong, for saying in a public-house at Cowra that " there was no more harm in shooting the b Prince than a blackfellow of this country." The man Murphy, arrested at the Bald Hill station, has been discharged. The wisdom and legality of these arrests are much canvassed. Mr. Mabon, chemist, of this town, was found dead in his bed yesterday morning. A magis terial inquiry was held and a verdict returned —Died of dieease of the heart. The rush near Cowra is, so far as tested, of no value, and almost deserted. Accident.—The hon. member for the Clarence (Mr. John Robertson), met with a severe accident. He was riding home at a brisk pace along the South Head Road. When he came to town the course was clear, but during the day a quantity of stones had been put down, to divert the traffic to a portion of the road recently repaired. On the way home, Mr. Robertson's horse, fol lowing the track it took in the morning, tripped upon these stones, and came to the ground with great violence. The hon. member for the Clarence is much cut and bruised about the face, and one of his hands is injured, but his wounds are not considered dangerous. The Ladies' Meeting in Melbourne.— A public meeting of ladies, convened by the Mayor, has been held at the New Exhibition Building, for the purpose of expressing in diguation and sorrow at the atrocious crime recently perpetrated, and for the adoption of an address of sympathy to Her Majesty. The ap pearance of the building at 3 o'clock, the hour appointed for tho meeting, was both novel and imposing. The ground flour, with theexceptionof the space outside the pillars, was completely filled with well-dressed ladies. The hall, how ever, though fully occupied with seats, was found insutficient for the large numbers who kept constantly pouring in, and the organ gal lery was at last thrown open. Even then there was not comfortable accommodation for all, and many ladies had to take seats outside the pillars —the portion of the building which had been set apart for gentlemen who had brought their families. Altogether there must hare been nearly 2000 ladies present. 