Telegrams / row the CourtVr. Maryborough, November 13. — Tbo fort nightly escort brought down to-day 5108 ounces of gold. Sydney, November 18. — Tho inquest on the lute prize fight has terminated, and three persous havo been committed for trial on a charge of manslaughter. Mr. Gardiner, a clerk in the New South Wales Assurance Office, has committed suicide in a fit of tem porary insanitj. James Bright has been com mitted for trial for murdering his step-futher at Tuena. November ID.— The wool sales held to-day showed considerable activity. Tbo sales amounted to 700 bales, which realised higher prices. Mr. John Robertson, tho Pre mier, wus returned to-day. Brisbane won tho Butliurst Cup, and Moor the Handicap. Melbourne, November IS — Tlio Post master at Bullnrat has been arrested for em bezzlement. Rilson was sentenced to a life's imprisonment. November IS.— J Tliero have been some speculative transactions in oats and sugar. Professor Holforri's snake antidote has been tried experimentally, and found sue-' cnssful. News just cotno to hand from New Zealand gives fearful accounts of the atrocities perpetrated by tho escaped Muories. They attacked the Poverty Buy settlement, and mnssncred thirty whito settlors nod twenty- eight friendly natives. They then pillaged the settlement, which they burnt down, after carrying off their booty. Major Biggs and Iris family wero among tho murdered Mrs. Lain, tho wife of Captain Loin, was .burnt alive; while many other shocking barbarities woro practised oh thoso who fell into the hands of tho Maorics. Tho Government immediately despatched reinforcements of troops to the scone of tho outrage. Assistance was also ufforded to the fugitives who rcachod Taranaki. A fatal accident, says, the Courier, of a moro than usually frightful nature, occurred to a man named G. D. F. Vnehell, at tho Rocky Waterholes,on Monday. The deceased was living on Mr. Hamilton's farm in that dis trict ; and on tho day named, about two o'clock in tho afternoon, ho had occasion to get upon a hay-stack, against which a pitchfork was standing, with the prongs upwards. While in tho act of descending, Iris footslippod, and ho fell on tho fork, ono of tho prongs of which entered Iris body between tho legs,'ond passed upwards through his nldomcn— for a distance of snmo nine inches. ITo lived in fearful agony for three hours, and expired about fivo o'clock. The deceased was a lino young man, about twenty-three years of age, aud was very well connected at home. A Huntsman fined for Trespass. — The Melbourne 1 Argus' says that a farmer nntiicd Dunn has sued Mr. Samuel Waldoek, Master of tho Molbotirnc hound, for damages dono to Iris growing crops in July and August Inst. The damages were estimated at <£125. A jury of four gave a verdict for tho plaintiff for £5, which, of course, leaves tbe defendant to pay costs in tho case. Tne Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count on board, put into Somerset (Cape York,) on or about tho I5tb August. On being boarded by tbe polico boat, ho mode in quiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and on boing answered in the affirmative became agitated, and eagerly enquired about her movements, but appeared relieved when told that tho vessel was II.M.S. Virago, and that she bed left the settlement in January. IIo remained eight days, and during the whole time kept a bright look out for vessels iu tho offing. The captain and crow were discharged in consequence of a row between the" Count" and tho captain, in which revolvers were drawn. The crew refused to put the Captain iu irons. It appear that the Count kept them in awe by threatening to give them twenty- five lashes apiece when he fell in with the Aus trian fricnte ho was nlwoys expecting. The Acting P. M induced the crew to rc-ship under a fresh agreement, nil but the captain and steward, who remained behind. Virile in port tho Count was always dressed in tho uniform of an Austrian captain of cavalry, and wore a sword when on shore. He made a great dis play of the money he had with him, 'and pur posely left bills of exchange lying about bis cabin for visitors to seo, many of which were filled in for largo amounts, and only wanted his Mgnniuro. lie succeeded in imposing upon the authorities, taking supplies for his vessel, 'and paying for them in bill, which the holdors will doubtless discover arc about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Among thoso who wero swindled were two naturalists, one nnrned Thorpe. Tho Count bought some stuffed birds, &o; , from then), to the amount of about £30, but somo slight compunction must have touched him, for contrary to his custom ho paid them half cash and half by a bill. lie sailed for Bate via on the eighth day, leaving letters for the Captain of the Austrian frigate and his bankers in Sydney 1 Tho frignto was or. dcrcd to follow him on to Timor. The captain he has with lriiu is ono Austin, late master of the brig Reliance, which was wrecked on the Solomon's Group. Uc was picked up and brought into Bowcn, whence he shipped a mate on board the Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after slio left Somerset, the ochooner Captain Cook arrived from Bowen with n warrant for the arrest of tho " Count."— ' Gladstone Ob server.' 1 bivate letters from San Francisco men tion that Chubb, who was convicted for em bezzlement somo few years ago, is an insurance agent in that city. Eastwood, who bolted after robbing tho Railway Department of this colony, is there ns a bill-poster for tbe theatres. — ' S. M. Herald.' prospect of a protective tariff in New Zealand.— Tho ' Otneo Daily Times' says a demand for protection from such a quar ter is n startling fact. In tho neighbouring colonics that demand has been made by what are termed tho masses, and strenuously op posed by tho Legislative Councils. If this select committee represents the opinions of tho Council on the subject, or if it represents tho opinions of the leading member of our society, then wo may expect tlint tho commercial legis lation of tho colony will he based on protec tionist principle; for it is at the hand of such men that opposition to those principles is usually met. Mr. Tuappitt, of Orange, urges the culti vation of tlio suofiowcr, and the manufacture from it of oil. It seems that olive oil is be coming dearer, aud that sunflower oil is n good substitute. After pressing out tho nil by simple machinery, tho rcfuso is good food for .poultry and pig. A man named Kobcrlson is an innmte of tbo Gundagai Hospital from the effects of the sting of a scorpion on tlio knee. Ills sister dresod the wound and washed the linen used upon it until sha became suddenly affected in the hood, and then gradually io the arm and shoulder. It is supposed to be a case of con tagion from the virns of the wound, and tho woman is in a very precarious state. Wheat Crops in New South Wales. — Tbo returns of tho wheat crop for tho year ending March 31, 1808, shows tbat tborc is a dccrenso on tho preceding return ' of 25,801 acres, and in actual produce of 782,220 bushels. About 4,000 acres less than (ho previous year appear likewise to bo under maize. Tbe area under the barley and oat crop is less; also that under potatoes and tobacco. Tho cultivation of rye hn increased. Sugur ca tic, sorghum, and millet, also show un increase. We are sorry to see a decreaso in tho area under foildor crop for cattle. A a whole, 4 13,104 acres were undor crop iu March last. Of these, 149,142£ ocres wero in wheat; 115,522 tnaize; 5,140£ barloy; 13,142 oats; 70 cotton; 1,879 rye; 192| millott ; 15,440 potatoes; (»2G£ tobacco; 74 rico ; sorghum and imphec, 2344; sugur cano, C4CJ ; sown grasses, oats, wheat, and harlov, for hay 74,340; vines, 2,5314; for green food for cattle, 18, 82Q£ ; garden aud orchards, 12,040$ ; all other in crop, 275G. We doubt very much tho correctness of the return as respect vines; the land so occupied is stated to he only 250 acres more than the year previous Not huving absolute figucrs to place against thc?o recorded in the register, it is necessary to take them us they staud. So far as live stock arc concerned, the statement mado is as follows Year ending March 31 , 1807, horses, 278.437 ; horned cattle, 1,771,809; sheep, 11,502,155; pigs, 137,915. Year ending March 31, 1808, horses, 280,201 ; homed cattle, 1,728,427 ; sheep, 13,909,574 ; pigv 173, ICG. Let it be observed that the yield of the wheat crop is at tho rate of 94 bushels per aero. This is better than the 4 bushels which tho South Australian wheat fields yielded lust yc&r; under the rust, but not quite so good as the average predicted of the British harvest .gathered in August, viz., 84 bushels per acre. Tho yield of the maizo crop stands at 27 bushels per acre. On another occasion an attempt will be mado to analyso these returns fur tho purpose of showing in what district tbe wheat and maize are grown to must advantage. — ' Sydney Mail.' " Oaugiit and Caged."— Owen Hurgrave Suffuld, described in the calendar as a jour nalist, and known in this colony as the author of " Days of Crime and Years of Suffering," published in a Melbourne journal, pleaded uuilty to stealing a black fnarc, a phaotoo, nod a set of harness, belonging to the landlady of the White Horse Hotel, Ipswich, and also obtaining £10 by means of falso pretences from ono Arthur Gibbons. It appeared from a document handed in by tho' counsel for the prosccutiou, Mr. Sims Reeve, that in the ycur 1840 the prisoner had been seuteoeed tu trans portation and penal servitude for tho terin of twenty-nine years and a hulf. Wlieo called upon to say why judgment should not be passed on him, he begged for mercy on account of Iris wife aged nineteen, and htt infant child. Tho Chief Justice: "Don't try and impose on me; I know your career. You were married to a widow, obtained all her property, deserted her, pretended by a false report in serted in a newspaper that you were drowned, went awny with your brother's child, who cannot, therefore be your wife." Tho prisoner hero interrupting, said, " She is my wife, my Lord." " Then," said bis Lordship, " if you did marry her, you havo odded bigamy to your other offences, and I sentence you now to a term of fifteen year' penal servitude." — Melbourne Age.' A Bushuangeu in Riverina. — Tho 'Bor der Post' reports that a bushranger, known by tho name of Christopher Duigan, has com menced business in the Alhury district. Early last week he visited Pincy Range, and consta ble Burns, baviug heard of his arrival at Dris- coil's public-house, veiled tho place, and introducing himself to Duigan, told him ho wished to search a bundle belongiug to him. No sooner had ho stooped to do so than the bushranger pulled out a revolver, ood knocked the coostablo down, dealing him a desperate blow on the side of tho head. Burns, haviog partly regained his legs, was knocked down & second time, and stunned for a few moments, Duigan then made fur M'Lennan's store, where he cashed a cheque, and made good his escape on a horso which he found tied up at tho door of tho store. Two stockriders mado at) attempt to capture hiui, but wero soon induced to lot him nlono, a revolver having boon preseuted at them, with a threat as to what they might expect should they follow lrim up. Duigan is next met with near Ilowlong. On Wednes day, at about four p.m., as Mr. Finney, & com mercial traveller, was driving quietly along tho road near ilowlong, a short distance off the regular track, he was stopped by tho samo man, who presented a loaded revolver at his hoad, and ordered him into tho bush. Tbo bushranger's request having been complied with, be compelled Fiunoy to deliver over what money ho possessed, which amounted to £3 and some silver, also a bank draft for £105 19 9d. no compelled the traveller to open all bis parcels, saying that ho wanted gunpow der. IIo did not, however, succeed iu finding any. lie raid bo was waiting for Mr. Mont gomery, the actor, and that he intended to ease him of what money be possessed. He told the traveller that he expected a few other persons to join lrim ; that they wanted tnoocy, and should havo it ; that they wanted no mercy and would give none. Duigan is described as being twenty-five years of nge with fair hair, littlo beard, not quite 8 stone iu weight, very active, and has lost a thumb. IIo wears a felt hat, red shirt, and riding boot6, and tfas ridiug a stolen boro, branded IP over IXB near shoulder Constable Flood, of tho Bclvoir police, met with this man lust weok in Wo- donga, when ho recognised bim as being minus a thumb. IIo is said to bo a native uf the colony; and well known about Urana, whoro be lias been employed some time on a >uttoii. In one tent at the lato National Show at Ballarat, on Friday week, not fewer than 7450 wobblers wore served over the bar. Two shocks of earthquake have been felt at . i Gibraltar. I Paprr-makino in Victoria. — Ao ex- ehuogo says that since operation were com menced nt Mr. Rattbden's paper-mill, in tba beginning of May Inst, the manufacture has' gooo on continuously, no accident having oc curred to interrupt tbe process. It is also worthy of remark that tbe hand employed at the mill b&ve; now acquired tbo requisite fa miliarity with the work in which thr.y are engaged, and such manual dexterity as con sidcrably lessens the cost of the manufacturing process. No difficulty is uow experienced- through the inaptitude of the persons employed' and the work goes on as smoothly as in any old-established factory. Another improvement if, that the raw material of the manufacture is now supplied in greater abundance, Lew sources of supply having been discovered— such as tbo waste hemp or tow from the ad joining rope-walk, &c.;, rags, old ropes, sugar bags, and such like waif of flax and cottcn goods, nro moro carefully preserved than they used to be. Experiments have been mode with native grasses and fibrous plant?, which have been so far successful to show that' paper can be made from them; but hitherto the cost of working them up ha rendered them ineli gible as a paper material. Another interest ing fact iu connection with this now industry is, that several native earths have been fuut:d valuable as colouring materials Amoug the product of the mill are blue, orange, yellow, buff, and pink wrapping papers, besides many shades of brown ; and several of these colours arc produced with native material. At pre sent several newspapers in this and the adjoin ing colonics arc being priutcd on Mr. Hams- den' paper, and preparations are being mode, by importing nu additional calendering mat chine, to enlarge this braoch of the bnsiucsa, The coloured wroppiog papers, we may obserrr, appear to ho of excellent quality, and bag- makers who obtain their supplies from Mr. Hamsdcn enjoy the advantage of having their paper cut to any size they please. A Startling Railway Project in America.— A railway to the summit of Mount Washington, New Hampshire, is now in courso of construction. The station at iLo. starting point is 2700 feet above the level of the sea, and tho road whon complete will bo 2 miles 2t>0 rods long, rising in that instance 3000 feet to tho Tip-Top House, which is 63U0 feet abovo the level of the seo. Tho average grade of the track is 1280 feet to tho mile, but in somo parts of tbe line the grade is increased to 1700 feet to the mile, or ono foot in every three. On this portion of the road the workmen, notwithstanding the sharp ppikes in their shoes to prevent tbem from falling, could only build 25 feet per day. Au experimental trip was recently made on tho part of the road already completed, and the locomotive is described aa working witb a steady motion. There was no jarring or rock ing, but merely a slight trembling, like that of a steamer tinder the stroko of its engine. The ascent from the starting point to the second station, 5300 feet above tho level of- the sea, was accomplished in 1 hour and -20" minutes, including two stoppages for water. The descent occupied 38 minutes. St. Petersburg was tbe. scene of a destruc tive conflagration on Sunday, August 23. It broko out in the principal hompond flux depdr, and resulted in the loss of 60,000 hales of the former and 100,000 bales of the latter arttclo. The damage is estimated at about 314 millions of roubles. Heroic Rescue.— An incident well illustrating the perils of the fisherman's life, ond displaying. " also the heroic courage ilmt mark hi conduct in danger, is reported from the coast. A few nights riuce a fisherman named M'Aultff, living on a desolate pert of the const some mile from Kins dale, was out at sea with his son, a little fellow about thirteen years of age, in a small punt. The night wnR an cxlremoly rough one, the high pitching sea soon becamo absolutely stormy, and they were dashed against the little crnft with a violence which nlnrmod the firhennnu. A few hours proved the ground for hi alarm, for at length a great squall struck the boat and capsized'- it. M Auliffe, being an old salt, was not niiioh troubled for his own part, although he was sareral hundred yards from the shore. Rut his little s ui was unable to swim, and his piteous cries as be was cngii'phcd in the huge waves almost paralyzed the fathers energy. However, recovering himself - quickly, lie seized first the child, and then after some trouble the upturned boat, and perceiving that it would be utterly impossible to swim to shore with the child, lashed tho latter to the 'keel of the boat with a rope. He then struck out boldly for the shore, which he reached after sou. a . difficulty, ond there he found another boat, in / whfeh he again put out to sea with nil the energy of despair. But, in the meantime, the upturned boat bad been tossed about at the mercy of tho waves, and between the roughness of the sea, and the pitchy darkness of the night, the chanco of preserving tho unfortunate child seemed -an utterly hopeless one. The wind, too, was ndversa to the progress of MMuliffu's new boat,- and it required all his desperate energy to make lha smallest headway, bortuuately, at this point, tho sea became much calmer, and the light which tho new-risen moon threw over the water disclosed to the view of the delighted hither the object of his . . search. The boy was quite insensible when found; and when both were safely returned to land, tho effects of tbo terrible ordeal became apparent on their health. Botb nre now recover- iug from a slow fever, and wo understand that a subscrij tion list will be opened immediately to reward the heroic during of this pour, uneducated.. fisherman. Extensive Fiiiks in Russia.— A letter from St. Petersburg, in the So tut Public of Lyons, says:— " What can I speak of except tho Infliction which ha for some time past desolated Russia? I mean the conflagrations that take place. Recently ,tlm Paris Jl/ondi printed a letter of an alarming cha- meter, and which. one would have supposed tu have been borrowed from tho narrative of early travellers in tho New World, aud in which was ; reported an account of prairie fires in Russia cover, ing nn extent of several lengucs, Tlio communi cation stated that, from the frontiers of Prussia, ond stretching as far ns St. Petersburg, over an extent of 800 kilometres (cncli five-eighths of » mile,) forests aud plantations were burning for several days. At this narration every ouo hero smiled, and the German journal treated the story os absurd; but, unfortunately, there is in it only some exaggeration. The Iligu Journal of the 20th says:— ' Fires arc increasing in the forests with an alarming rapidity. They probably arbo from tho long-continued drought. New received from the interior of thu country announces that tho wood are on fire in various parts of Esthuuia and Livonia ; as, fo» example, in the neighbourhood of Kellin, in tho ground appcrtainir to the Cha teau of Rmlcnpois, aud other localities. Near Riga many forest are all ablaze, ami tho sky is darkened with tho smoke. Extensive reflection of fire were perceived on the horizon from tha upper part of the right bank of the l)una."' The New York paper report that Mr. P. T. Burmini ran a foot rat e on the 14ib Auum-t.at the Profile-house, New Hampshire He had several competitors, but dlstauced them all, after whi. -i be was bt>roc from the field tbe riinulder "f the crowd. Several thousand sgecUluca wit nessed the race. 