ROWING NOTES [BY SCILL.] PRINCE ALFRED. Here goes for my last notes, for in less than 48 hours the donkey will ascend. I speak by polite metaphor, and mean that to-morrow will solve the question—"Which boat will win the championsmp—the Matilda Hamley or the Prince Alfred?" The enigma, if indeed it is one, only embrace* those boats, because neither the Falcon nor the Nautilus stands the ghost of a chance against them. That, at all events, is my opinion: we shall know in a very short time whether it wQI be verified or not They may both be manned by good tough lusty fellows, bnt that will avail them little. Depend apon it, public, the Falcon nor the Nautilus cant win, and those unlucky wights who are unfortunate enough to draw either in a sweep may instantly use the slip fora pipe light, and sue me for damages if, in rendering obedience to my advice, they burn their fingers. Of the two, the Nautilus, from her lines—if they are not much impaired since I saw her last —is, I think, the faster boat, but whether her crew will succeed in obtaining for her a. better position in the race than the Falcon is a mere conjecture. Of the favorites—that is the two outriggers, the Matilda Hamley and the Prince Alfred—l hare somefbingtosay, but upon my word I am almost afraid to speak my mind, lest in doing so X innocently offend. Conten tion is so nearly bursting into open mutiny in the boats that one is bound to measure one's words before uttering them, for fear they fan the dormant fire into flame. Oonoord and re ciprocal confidence must prevail—all must go "merry asa marriage betf" if a crew aspire to anything approaching perfection in their rawing. "Why peace and good will should not possess every man of the crews now training I can't for the life of me divine. Each crew has a first-class boat It is said of the MatSdi Hamley by her owner—who is a competent man—thai he never saw a. finer boat of Ine sort; and the Prince Alfred, albeit not decked in such fantastic phantasm, has established for herself ja reputation and character which in these days of paradox, -when "yon never can teU" Is something more to my belief than mere hypothetical bnagery. However, "we shall see what we shall see." About Ua tOda's defects, of which I spoke a fortnight ago I believe her to be defeotivein her forward lmes —•ay from the fore midship section. The bur rowing knaok she adopts when under the stroke ill becomes so fine a boat The TT*ttnrl differ ence between her and the Prince Alfred, when under weigh, is that the former buries herself, whilst the latter clean herself; and if Hat doesnt affect the issue of the race very materially I shall be forced to admit that from my long study of boat draughting and buOding^f have emerged a dunce. But donee or no after having seen both boats, with their crews all •board, fairly at work, I shall venture on a feeble attempt to indicate the winner. I shall "tjp"as I promised, and I shall go for the blue and white chequered, which has been in the vanguard before, and will be there again to-morrow, because borne by the old Two Oajrs at Okcb.—Tou may dueoone for a whole evening, and impress no single person with any opinion of your powers; but if yon on listen judiciously, and with a proper emphasis in your silence, to one or two of the talkers present, you may safely reckon on their testimony in your favor aaafi imtelligeutand agreeable man. Of oonrse, the perfeot listener should possess largely tha power of abstraction. He should be able to derate hUruible attention to the Tedest prosertowhom he may be allotted as a captive for the time, whOe he is gathering in the pleasanter sounds whioh teach his ear from more distant (ntaxters. There is some danger in this to the inexperienced. It incurs therisk of a sad misplacing of the needful in terjections. Besides, most people listen with their eyes as well as with their ears. If, whne trying to maintain a dialogue with aa interesting neighbor, they want to Qttehwhat u being said on the opposite side of the table, they allow their glances to wander unmistakably to the point of attraction, or try to look out of the corners of them, as a magpie does, in a fashion whioh neither improves their' owa personal appearanoe nor gratifies the patty to whom they affect to give their undivided attention, Tfwdevarwt compliment in-words will fall to ptop?iate tits lady who -*t-imt yon if she discovers that all the time your eves are, like the fool's, in file ?ndsof the earth. So long as these do their doty, she may con strue auenee into admiration, and ?xouse your stupidity to herself on the ground that the charms of her person and conversation zaay be rather overwhebn-ng to a modest man;, but thereon be no misinterpreting the fatal evi denes of the wandering glances. It is only the te?Hy accomplished listener who can devote bis eyes and all'his visible aOegianoe whew they are legally due, and yet keep his ear. opan to what lie really wants to hear.—J?tacfeewT* 