LETTERS OF KING THEODORE TO SIR R. NAPIER. m A batch of fresh papers connected with the Abyssinian expedition was published on the 10th July. Among the documents are two communications addressed to the Commander in-Chief by the late King Theodore after the defeat of his army at Arogee. These curious letters, translated from the original Amharic, will be read with interest :- No I. " Delivered by Lieutenant Prideaux and the Dajezt" Aramac on 11th April, 1868. Note, without superscription, seal, signature, or date. Along with it was returned the Commander in-Chief's letter of that morning, in which the King was called upon to submit. In the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost, one God in His Trinity and His Unity, Kassa whose trust is Christ, thus speaks : O people of Abyssinia, will it always be thus that you flee before the enemy, when I myself, by the power of God, go not forth with you to encourage you ? Believing that all power had been given to me, I had established my Christian people in this heathen spot. In my city are multitudes whom I have fed ; maidens protected and maidens unprotected ; women whom yesterday made widows and aged parents who have no children. God has given you the , power. See that you forsake not these people, It is a heathen land. My countrymen have turned their backs on me, and have hated me, because I imposed tribute on them, and sought I to bring them under military discipline. You ] have prevailed against me by means of people brought into a state of discipline. My followers who loved me were frightened by one bullet, i and fled in spite of my commands. When you j defeated them I was not with the fugitives, i Believing myself to be a great lord I gave you battle ; but, by reason of the worthlessness of my artillery, all my pains were as nought. The people of my country, by taunting me with having ] embraced the religion of the Franks, and by saying that I had become a Mussulman, and in ten different ways, had provoked me to anger against them. Out of what I have done of evil towards them may God bring good. His will be done. I had intended, if God had so decreed, to conquer the whole world; and it was my desire to die if my purpose could not be fulfilled. Since the day of my birth till now no man has dared to lay hand on me. Whenever my soldiers began to waver in battle it was mine to arise and rally them. Last night the darkness hindered me from doing so. Your people who have passed the night in joy, may God not do unto you as he has done to me. I had hoped, after subduing all my enemies in Abyssinia, to lead my army against Jerusalem, and expel from it the Turks. A warrior who has dandled strong men in his arms like infants will never suffer himself to be dandled in the arms of others." 3 No. II. i " Delivered on April 12, by Mr. Bender and the King's scribe. Note. Sealed with the Royal seal. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, one God The King of the Kings, Theodorus : May it reach the beloved servant of the great Queen of England. I am writing to you without being able to address you by name, because our intercourse has arisen so unexpectedly. I am grieved at having sent you my writing of yesterday, and at having quarrelled with you my friend. When I saw your manner of fighting, and the discipline of your army, and when my people failed to execute my orders, then I was consumed with sorrow to think that although I killed and punished my soldiers, yet they would not return to the battle. Whilst the fire of jealousy burned within me, Satan came to me in the night and tempted me to kill myself with my own pistol. But reflecting that God 5 would be angry with me if I were to go in this manner and leave my army without a protector, I sent to you in a hurry, lest I might die and all things be in confusion before it my message should reach you. After my ' messenger had gone, I cocked my pistol, and putting it in my mouth pulled the trigger,. Though I pulled and pulled yet it would not go off. But when my people rushed upon me, and. laid hold of the pistol, it was discharged just as they had drawn it from my mouth. God having thus signified to me that I should not die, but live, I sent to you Mr. Rassam that same evening that your heart might be made easy. To-day is Easter, be pleased to let me send a few cows to you. The reason of my returning to you your letter yesterday was that I believed at that time that we should meet one another in heaven, but never on earth. I let the night pass without sending for the body of my friend Feetararee Gabre, because I thought that after my death we should both be buried together ; but, since I have lived be pleased to allow him to be buried. You require from me all the Europeans, even to my best friend, Mr. Waldemar. Well, be it so. They shall go. But now that we are friends, you must not leave me without artisans, as I am a lover of mechanical arts." " To Sir Robert Napier the above letters appeared to contain nothing which was calculated to induce him to modify the resolution he had formed of insisting at all hazards on Theodore's surrender. On the contrary, they rather confirmed the impression that the King identified the idea of friendship of the English forces with that of support against his enemies. " It is also necessary," remarks the Commander in-Chief, " If we would avoid acquiring from the perusal of these letters an erroneous conception of Theodore's disposition, to read them less in the light of the language which he holds in them than in that of the actions and tenor of his past life. Thus it will not be forgotten that, while they were being written, the mangled remains of at least 200 of his countrymen who had been butchered by his order, and some of them with his own hand, were exposed to view at the bottom of the rock from which they had been thrown. The treacherous manner in which, only a few days before the appearance of our army, he plundered the peasants of the districts round Magdala, who, trusting to his solemn promise of protection, had always been faithful to him, may be further taken as a further illustration of the late King's real character." Sir! Robert Napier remarks, in the course of a despatch dated the 18th June, that the widow who died in the English camp had been more of a prisoner than a wife. Her father was kept in confinement till he died, and her two brothers till the English released them. 