S H Y C A T T L E . ACHAN'S IN THE BISHOP'S CLERICAL TEAM. "They go hack a good way with their pedigrees in Wales. It isn't everybody who feels so proud of his grandfather as Trevor, who was born Roberta. I wonder if that other parson who is so warmly moved towards the sisterhood is also a Welnhman. They have particular ways of love-making on Sunday afternoons in Wales; but the thing is not there peculiar to the priestly office. I don't think it can be true that the Rev. Mr. Crouch is now being sought for in order to alternate the paBtoral office between Ballarat, St. Kilda, and Sandridge. The Bishop hasn't much choice, and Crouch might do for a lay reader. It evidently isn't necessary that lay readers should be quite up to the ministerial standard in the matter of moralB. I am Borry for the Bishop. He has got some very shy cattle in his clerical team. Would that the mantle of Elijah and Peter had fallen on our Bishop to rid the church of its curse, or is it become, like Babylon, the hold of every foul spirit. Rev. xviii.—God said, coma oat of her, my people, for her sins have reached unto heaveu. Isaiah xi.—The wolf has not lost its propansity to destroy yet, even in « bishop's fold, or is he anticipating the Millenium, and shepherding the lambs with the wolt, the lion, and bear. Read Joshua vii.—God tells us, "Neither will I be with you any more, except ye destroy the accursed from among you." 1 Kiagi, xviii.—And Elijah Baid unto them. Take the prophets of Baal, let not one of them escape. And they took ihem, and Elijah brought them down to the brook Eistaon, and slew them there. (Unpleasant work, but Elijah did it). Phil, iii.—For many walk of whom I have told you often, and now tell you even weeping, that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ, whose end is destruction, whose God is their belly, and whose glory is in their shame, who mind earthly things. Jude.—For there are certain men crept in unawares who were before ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of God into iasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus Christ. Bom. i.—The wrath of God is revealed againBt all who bold the truth in unrighteousness. Aots viii.—And when Simon saw that through laying on of the Apostle's hands the Holy Ghost was given, he offered them money. Bat Peter said, Thy money perish with .thee; because thou bast thought that the gift of God may be purchased by money, thou hast neither part nor lot ia this matter, for thy heart is not right in the sight of Ged. God seeth not as man. Peter would have hard work in these days to turn . out the Simons from the church. No doubt Simon had a sharp eye to business- He had with his sorcery bewitched the people. He looked upon the Gospel work as the Simons of whom we read iu Mr. Spurgeon's sermon—a business of pounds, shillings, and pence. Eich livings are at a premium and scarce. St. Paul, the tent-maker, worked with his hands, and couuted the loss of all things as dung (not gold) for Christ's sake. I question very much if our bishops and priests, who live in *uch tall houseB, and ride in such fine carriages, would kneel at the feet of despiBed Jesus. " He is only a carpenter's son," said they, " it would lower my position in society to speak to him. Look at his disciples, why they are the offscouring of all things—fishermen, tentmakers, publicans, and sinners." Hoses was a fool, say they, in refusing to be called the Son of Pharaoh's daughter, choosing to suffer affliction with tlie people of God. (Where is the affliction in the church now J) The cross is hid. It looks as if thejr had found the abiding city, and are believing the false spies' report that it's not a good country, and will not cross Jordan. Our Lord says now, as he did to the Jews (John vi.), " Ye seek me for the loaves and fishes." Plenty OIUHM of IWmafymn'fl Demetrius's «tai sKatnn in Srt fha the church, ^ItnonVt who •>)(« bow Iiabi down to golden Dianai ad of silver as their God, and wbomie more YDiana than poor perishiditig the blind? We bound in chains of ien with the same allow such blind ? Ye rich men, lb, cannot help you of nature yours. Even ipe or priest will not lift you interest tu curses fordecelviog iy proxy won't be pleasant then, magic and enchantment won't deceive is any longer. It's a pity but the whole wished with Pharaah in the Bed Sea. of a fire baptismal regeneration in store a for them. Baal's prophets will cut and dance to a new tune then. Their water baptismal regeneration is oniy man sprinkling from a basin. The barrels emptied three times haa no power against God's fire. Shtdrach, Moshech, and • Abednego found in faith what most people try to get by works. Baal's prophetB muBt have been very tired from dancing all day; look at the pain of cutting themselves. Weil might Elijah mock the fools, and tell them to look on him. How calm and simple. What d delightful contrast of faith and works—God's ways and man's ways. The end of God's servant, t. aken by a chariot. The children of the devil slaughtered, and food for animals. In Malachi we read of Elijah coining again. Should he put the chnrch to such a fiery test as before, oh what; a number Baal would muster. There would be a flood in the brook Kishon. (Rev. iii.) Only a few whose garments are not defiled. The great m«ss have a name that they live, but are dead. When the Lord comes wiii he use milder words to those temples of fashion, although they have been consecrated by a biBhop or Pope. A den oK thieves. He will have some hard hitting 'lien. His whip Willi be of another sort to the last. He tells us by David, Psalm ii., " He will break them with a rod of iron." Read Mat. xxiii., "Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell." 