WIIA-T THE FRKFi TRADERS THINK OF THEIR ORGAN. [rr.ou Tm: economist, FEnr.UAitY 21.] For some years pist n rattier melanclioly spectacle bis bwn exhibitod in Co'.lins-strect. ?1 new.=p'perwhich, at one time, had not merely achieved thn hr^e.st circulation in tho Southern uemisp'ioi-3, but seciiro.l tho confidence of the great mis* of the. penp'.o ; who&e; progri'S was sordid tint, with p'.rlouable. couceit.it was almost justilie.il in saying, - uome on, (jie«i ri»i«''— 1ms been suddenly arrested in its ctreer, and suffers from premature decay. Doubtless its typ.- and pnper are improved, ond it ij f.tvordil with a UriTi- number of advertise ments. As iv commercial speculation it nny still hi pvofit ible, but in every other \vspi;ct it iii n::'y lho ghost of its former self It no longer receives iiml it no longer dosorvus t'-;e onli-IPMCe of tiie people ? No c'!-. ''.list who lms been bore, ten yours v.i'l deny licit t'au Arpmi is no longer a power in the Stiite, but, on thu contrary, is a byewohl for impotPiu-c an a politicil nnriin. It is not for us to inqniro too miriously how this bus conic nbo.it, or to reveal, if wo knew them, the secrets of the pri.-on honso. But we think wa can e-plain in a fxw words, witbout any snaU revehiiious, thi! prosimutu cause of tho tr.! meudoas full of tho Argus from its position as a political power ? What would ba snid of the Times if it imported its writei-3 periiVtiuivly from New York, Calcutta or Melbourne, to enlighten Loudon on English politics ? Such a course would°bo considered mere lunacy ? It is notorious uini uie urnciea ut iuu ^j/yt*o, iiblo as t.hc.v frequently ore, being tho profiuc tion of men of exclusively English ide.iB, fall' stale und U it upon tbe public mind ; that they uro frequently rid'e.uled or treiitod with silent contempt. And that, con when a really good arlido on a colonial subject, aud treated from it coWiiil point of view, npueurs, it receives a great deal les-i attention than it deserves, simpiy from tho onspicion that it is not geuniue ; that it is of tho same stamp as tho multitude of others in tho sumo columns which would be eqnully iipplir-nblu to tho wants of Paris or^St. Pcterslmr' as to those of Melbourne. The results of tho Argun management are, in one sense, f.irtunnto. If Unit journal unforlnnniily has boon rendered impotent for good, it is equally impotent for evil. Still it is necessary to watch its utterances ; for it is a bad policy to despise even a contemptible enemy ? The disensfion by the freo trade organ, throughout tho whole itniggle, him been en tirelyfiom an English point of view, .and bus been in a noloniiil point of view intensely stupid. Tho wi-Hern of the Ariius vividly iiln^frnln ihn oiiln of John Bull's character which foreigners love to rirlii-ule. Despising and ignoring Mill's coiehrited exception iu favor of a ne.w country, which was permitted, to a certiiiu extent, to protect nascent in dustries, tbo Aryus, iu tho rudf.tt, most offen sive, and most tiogmntic terms, bus denounced every ouo as an idiot who does not go tho whole length of ' England. England bus adopted a. certain policy ; therefore, in all circumstances, and in till c:i?es, England must bo right and ull the world wrong. In fact, in a great measure, this fanaticism bus been the political ruin of the journal. Up to1 this hour the Argus is the willing slavo of tho freo trade party, endorses and promotes its most questionable schemes, and its too frequently narrow and sellish policy. Tho freo trade party thought that a sop 'to tho mob, in conceding the de mand of tho selectors, that the rent bo consi dered part payment of the piirclnise-money, would help them at the elections. This scheme the leading journal promoted, and thereby ruined it; for the free selector said, in effect, Timeo Danaos et dona ferentes. It was thought by tho freo trade purty that n good cry for tho elections would be tho announce ment ot a leagnn ox uie squnuers wun. me Government ; this tho obetlient organ en dorsed, and thus naturally ruined this little game also ; for so Boon mi tho Arqus nn nouueed it as a fact, the people disbelieved it. ? Tho -irgus bus hern the worst enemy of the freo traders, and is, at this moment, a tower of strength to tho M'Calloch Administration, as well as a potent friend of the pastoral interest. 