'LOYAL TO THE CORE.' As from amongst the early invaders of our country,, there sprung up a 'more than Irish tribe,' so on the other hand we have had amongst us fur centuries nominal Hibernians, holding principles and imbued wiih sympathies more Anglo- Saxon than could bo found in the majority of that pretentious hybrid race. These i'')ivi(luals do not hesitate at times to put cuemselves into a position no less ridiculously false than that assumed by the three tailors of Toolcy -street. There is, however, this differ ence between our Anglo-Saxons and the celebra ted trio of '.'costumiers,' that whilst the latter only succeeded in making themselves the jest of England, the former have ever received the greatest possible encouragement to believe them fW?n ^^P^ of Ireland.' They swell the throngs *t the parades of the 'cawstle,' do the ' slipping on 'State' occasions, and are «iTi *° **«-«-».' These are the blessed people of Ireland' to whom the Times refers when the question of Irish disaffection is under discussion.-They are the witnesses to the per tect contentment of Ireland with her oppressed ?nd poverty-stricken condition. It was only to tnia contemptible and corrupt fraction of the people of this country the 'leading .journal really referred the other day, when, with characteristic coolness, it said, ' It must be acknowledged that the tyrannical rule of England if it exists at all, enjoys the confidence and support of the population of Ireland. An intelligent citizen of the world might . not. unnaturally suppose that the word '?population' in this- sentence was a misprint 'for pensioners,' The glorious Geraldinea and others, who were said to be ipsis Hibernh Eiber niores, became not attached to, but blended with our race, having had their hearts won by the beauty and virtue of Irishwomen, the geniality and chivalry, of the Irish character, the justice of our ancient laws, the genius of our bards and piety of our saints. But the hyper-Saxon Irish of loyal coterieB -and Orange factions are simply mercenaries— pensioners, or the relatives and de pendents of pensioners. They disgrace, dis parage, and, misrepresent their country, whilst they invariably extol, magnify, and worship our Hereditary oppressors. Regarding the English as a superior race, they go the length of asserting tbat Ireland is-incapable of independence; and as 'no nation ever governed another gratis,' they are quite contented that our governors should pay themselves by any amount of plun der. To prove to the world that these 'loyal Irish' are only a mercenary faction, that the peo ple of England possess neither moral nor intel lectual superiority to the population of this land and that they have no inherent right to the le gislative authority they assume here, are amongst the foremost duties of a national journal. It is no less our duty to publish that the real people of Ireland are not 'loyal to the core.' No people can be loyal at all who are so poor and unhappy and discontented as they are. When was there since the great flood such a stream of emigration known to rush from amongst a people loyal to the core as we h&ve; seen fiom this land ? Why it might as well be said the loyalty and contentedness of the Israelites drove them out of the land of Egpt. The Prince of Wales has come and gone and still the hemorr hage of emigration, as the present Prime Minis ter of England truly called it, 'knows no retir ing ebb.' Had the people of Ireland been con tented and prosperous, no amount of so-called xj.murii.-au. rowuyism coma, nave created the dis turbance and panic which no one denies arose from Fenianism, when not a prison in England —no, not even that fortress Newgate itself- was believed to be strong enough, without extra guards inside and outside, to hold a few poor ill-clad and penniless members of the Brother hood. Those poor people were feared because they had the discontented and disaffected masses of the nation at her back. Fenianism is a terror to England because it appeared illimitable and ubiquitous. These are patent facts, goin« to the utter refutation of the limes' assertion that the 'rule of England enjoys the confidence and support of the population of Ireland. ' Thus far for the present on that topic. And now, touch ing the doatrme ot English superiority, taught persistently by Castle hacks, psnsioneis, and their toadies of the press. The interests of. truth and our country demand that we should not only continue to deny it, but that we should on every fitting opportunity expose the hollow pretence of England's assumed moral purity and intellectual greatness. In the discharge of this duty, we have no tempta tions whatever to exaggerate or misrepresent facts. The journals ol: England teem daily with the proofs of her follies and immoralities. —What form of vice cannot wo find in their columns ? None of which we have ever read or heard in the black calendar of human depravity. Surely when fathers are charged in criminal courts with, offences against their own children, too horrible to be named, and as has sometimes hap pened, the atrocious wretch escapes because the principal witness against him— his own daughter— knows nothing of the responsibilities of an oath— never hward of a God or a hereafter, there is not only no necessity, but no possibility of 'setting down aught in malice,' by way of j aggravation. Equally unnecessary is it to heighten or color England's criminality iu the history ot her dealings with this country. The indisputable truth of our annals are indeed, stranger than fiction, and 'the story of our lives from year to year' needs, Heaven knows?, no rhetorical skill fco impart effect fco its tragic reality. In making kuowa to the world the dis content of the people of Ireland, and tho' grounds of that discontent, and in exposing the uuwarrantable pretensions of England, and j the sycophancy of her flatteries on this side of the channel, so long as %\w present state of things lasts we tiust nothing shall ever induce the Irish national journals to pause or falter. The self-elected monitors of the Irish press may, therefore, spare themselves the pains and trouble which they seem disposed to take in our reclamation and education. We are ? ~r«.ww hajlu. uub uuo uuGuors or a people s discontent; nnd if our patriotism were'un- aduLeratea hate of England,' as the Minerva of Cork is pleased to say, the passion would not be indefensible. We should like to know the name of a patriot m Irish history who was known to possess an unadulterated love of England. 'I loved my country,' says the ghost °of Junius, speaking of George III., **un% l hated him/.\ Thanks to recent events, and journals falsely libelled as » sedition mongers,' we have some prospect at last of religious equality in this country. This will be a blessing Vh ieh the peu pie of Ireland would never have enjoyed if those newspapers which denounce what they call 'the keeping alive of old- y national hatreds by exaggerating grievances,' had not ? '*'— *^™— — — — ??— been counteracted in their efforts to cultivate a false and hollow national amity by misrepre senting the real feeling of the people of this country. Our work has been and is a labour of love j but still a labour up-hill, and fraught with trialB, dangers, and sufferings, of which 'loyal' journalism is blessedly Ignorant. To agitation for its own sake we have no devotion, much less to disturbanses of a more serious character. But we cannot betray our trust or misrepresent our great constituency in order to recommend our selves to England or her pretended admirers on this Bide of the Channel. When justice is done, Iteland will, indeed, be found ' loyal to the core.' She is naturally loyal, because she is naturally just, reasonable, and affectionate. She is now discontented and disaffected, because sensible of her wrongs, and having no reason to despair of her rights.— Nation. 