PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Tlie annual meeting of the Presbytery was held in Chalmer's Schoolroom, North- terrace, on Tuesday, May 5, the Eev. John Anderson, Moderator, in the chair. • The meeting was opened with the usual devotional exercises. Commissions were read from various Sessions appointing representative Elders for the ensuing 12 months. The Treasurer's accounts were read, showing a balance of about £31 in favor of the Pres bytery Fund. The Moderator then delivered a valedictory address, in which he congratulated the Presby tery on the progress which had been made during the past year, and nominated as his successor the Eev. James Gordon, of Gawler, whe, with the concurrence of the brethren, at once took the chair. Mr. Murray was re-elected Treasurer. The Committee appointed to confer with the Eev. John Macbean and the congregation of In verbrackie reported that they held a meetiug with them of a most satisfactory character; that the minister and people had expressed a strong desire to be connected with this Presbytery, and had signed^ a document, a copy of which was embodied in the report, expressive of their hearty approval of the basis of union, and of their readiness to conform to the rules of the Church. The report recommended that Mr. Macbean be at once received into his church. It was moved by Mr. Haining, and seconded by Mr. Gardner, that the report be adopted, and that Mr. Macbean be at once received, and the motion was carried unanimously. At this point the Presbytery engaged in devotional exercises I conducted by Mr. Haining. Mr. Macbean having signed the formula, was kindly welcomed by the Moderator, and received the right hand of fellowship. Mr. Macbean . addressed the Presbytery in a few suitable remarks expressive of the delight which he felt in the important relationship he had just formed. The Committee appointed to communicate with other Churches on the subject of the visits of H.M. ships of war to the Australian colonies, and on the practice of opening these vessels to the public for inspection on the Lord's Day, submitted a draft of a letter which had been forwarded to the Moderators of Presbyterian Churches in Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, and to the Presbytery of Tasmania. The report was approved, and the Committee was instructed to continue its labors. Memorials from the congregations of Clare and Ettrick, praying that Churches should be formed in those places, were received. The Presbytery expressed its high satisfac tion in the desire contained in those memorials to enjoy the full advantages of Church mem bership. Messrs. Davidson and Law were ap pointed to take the necessary steps to form Churches in those places respectively. Mr, Gardner intimated that he was about to proceed to Tasmania and stated the arrange ments he had made for his various services during the period of his absence. The Presbytery cordially sanctioned the ar rangements which Mr. Gardner had made, and wished him God speed, and empowered him to represent this Church at the annual meetings of Church Courts in the other colonies which he might have an opportunity of attending. Mr. J. H. Gordon read an essay on "The argument for the existence of God from de sign," which was cordially approved of by the Presbytery and sustained. Messrs. Anderson and Michie were appointed to examine him on Hodge's "Outlines of Theology" aud Latin. Mr. Koddick intimated that there was_ young man, Eobert Mitchell, conneoted with his congregation, who was desirous to devote himself to the work of the ministry, and who had already made some progress in the study of Latin and theology. It was unanimously re solved to receive him as a student of the Church, and Messrs. Anderson and Michie were ap pointed to prepare subjects of examination for him at the next meeting. After engaging in devotional exercises, the Presbytery adjourned till the evening. In the evening a meeting was held in St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield-street. There was a moderate attendance. The proceedings were commenced by singing and the reading of the fourth chapter of the Epistle to the Ephesians, after which the Rev. John Gardner engaged in prayer. The Rev. James Gordon then delivered a brief address upon the subject of home missions. He prefaced Ms remarks by stating that in London, out of two millions of people, only half a million were to be found in places of worship on the Lord's day, and - the average was about the same in all the large towns in Great Britain. He believed, however, that in these colonies there was a far smaller propor tion of what Dr. Chalmers had called the *' out field population." The number was nevertheless great, and missions were required to bring them under the rule of God. The question, then, was how were they to accomplish this, and what were the best agencies to employ to ensure suc cess. Hitherto the work had been left in the hands of the city missionary; but in his opinion it could be best dealt with by the Church through its pastors and people. He would not interfere with the city missionary, but assist him in his labors in the vast fields of corruption and death which were on all hands. He had nothing new to propose for the accomplishment of this work, but let pastors, in conjunction with some suitable members of their flocks, select a dis trict^ and undertake the work in a godly spirit. There was a difficulty in getting Church mem bers to undertake such duties, but the difficulty was less in towns than in country districts, for where sin was greatest, Christians were most earnest, and evil and its antidote were to be found side by side. He alluded to the many discouragements encompassing mission work, but -urged them not to allow any thoughts of failure to keep them from doing what they could in that way. He said he had established a Mission in Gawler to visit the houses of the sick and the poor, and he found thatthe duties it entailed were amongst the most pleasing in his position as a Christian Minister. It was not, however, a thing to speak about, but to do; and he hoped that they would make it a matter of action, and that both pastors and people would try to overtake the work. The Rev. John Anderson said the subject placed in Ms hands was, " The Sabbath—its DutieB, Objections, and Privileges j" but he felt that he could not do justice to it, as it had only, recently been put into his hands. As an institution of God, coming with Ms com mand, there was a binding obligation upon them to regard the Sabbath. It had been called a Jewish institution, but he denied that, :as it had been appointed by the Almighty long before a Jew was born. It was as old as Creation itself, though it had been renewed at Mount Sinai, and urged upon the attention of the Jewish Church. With regard to the duties ef the Sabbath he need not say much, as they all knew .what they were. It had its own neculiar duties and religious observances, and every true child of God was glad at heart when it returned time after time. None who knew the privileges of the Sahbath-day would forego them; foretastes as they were of the Eternal Sabbath to be enjoyed hereafter by the children, of God, They had heard some. pertinent remarks upon home missions, and he hoped they would con sider them well, and that all who called them selves disciples of the -Lord Jesus Christ would stand forward as living apostles "in that work. He deplored the want of zeal on the part of professing Christians, and expressed his belief that if they were only more observant of their duties, their sanctuaries would present far dif ferent scenes from what they at present too * of ten manifested. : The Eev. J. HENDERSON then read the fol lowing address:— "The subject which Half been assigned to me is Presbyterianism, its nature, adaptations, and claims,' and in speaking upon it for a few minutes, I desire that the law of charity may govern my thoughts and words, and while seek ing to set in order some of the things concern ing our ecclesiastical polity which are most cer tainly believed among us, I desire to do so in no other spirit than that of sincere respect for other branches of the Christian Church. Grace, mercy, and peace be multiplied abundantly to ali who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and in truth. So far from being an invidious pro cedure, it seems right and fitting that on an occasion like the present the characteristics of our polity should claim some share of our atten tion ; and certainly neither in the pulpit nor on the platform can it be charged upon us that we are given to self-assertion or, to an undueob ' trusion of the peculiarities or tradition of our Church. If, however, we believe that our ecclesiastical system is sanctioned and distinctly traced in outline in the Word of God—if with any measure of filial gratitude we remember the struggles of our ancestry in conservating and transmitting intact the elements of'our polity— it ought not to be at uuequal and distant inter vals that we expound the principles of Pres byterians, or borrow the language of apology in doing so. It will present itself in the light of an imperative. duty—a duty we owe to the Church with which we are connected—to all those with whom we differ—to ourselves—and, above all, to the Great Head of the Church— no;t only to hold fast that which we have re ceived, but to avail ourselves of all legitimate occasions of holding forth to others, in a dear and intelligible manner, the polity of a Church, scriptural in her doctrine, apostolic in her constitution, and primitive in her discipline. Presbyterianism occupies a middle ground be tween. Prelacy or Episcopacy on the one hand, and Independency on the other. It is the doctrine of Episcopacy that, there are three orders in the Christian ministry, viz., Deacons, Presbyters or Elders, and Bishop. The Bishop only has the right to ordain and confirm; he has the general supervision of a diocese, has the chief administration of spiritual discipline, and has included in himself all the rights and powers of the subordinate clergy. It is the theory of Independents that each Church or congregation is entrusted with its own govern ment, and that government is conducted, not by the office-bearers alone as its representatives, but by the office-bearers and congregation con- ' jointly. Judicial functions are exercised by all the members—the old as well as the young—the inexperienced as well as the most mature and patriarchal. Between these two Presby terianism holds its position, affirming on the | | one hand that since the Apostles left the scene the "Word of God recognises no office-bearer I above that of a teaching Elder, and on the other [ maintaining that the government of the Church is committed, not to the members collectively, , but to chosen office-bearers spoken of in Scripture as Elders or Presbyters. Another office is indeed clearly indicated in Scripture— | the office of Deacon; but as almost all sections of the Christian Church recognise this office, though they may differ in respect to the nature of its functions, we shall not further allude to it at present, but proceed to trace out the leading and more distinctive features of Presby terianism, and—I. The people, the members of the Church. They are not a promiscuous body—a mere crowd driven together by accident or impulse—but associated together from the high motive of love to Christ, seeking mutual edification and co-operation. They are a select j or chosen company—saints or holy persons— who are not admitted to their position as mem bers of the Church until they have given satis factory evidence, both of their knowledge of the Gospel and of their faith in Jesus and obedi ence to him. "While the Presbyterian Church makes no pretensions to ascertaining infallibly the moral and religious state of men's souls; while we make no pretension of havine in our exclusive possession a crucible which enables us with unfailiug accuracy to detect the spurious and to recognise the true—yet we do require that the members of our Church should possess an intelligent acquaintance with the truths and doctrines of God's "Word, and give evidence by a life and conversation becoming its high and holy teachings. Thus acknowledged, they have their allotted place as members in the Church, they have responsibility which they cannot forego, and privileges which are inalienable because sacred. "Whatever may be their differ ences in attainment, in education, or social posi tion, as members of the Church, they stand upon the same level, enjoying die same privi leges, claiming the same rights, and howing to the same law of responsibility. Without recog nising authority external to themselves, they are at full liberty to maintain ordinances, and to choose by a free and unfettered suffrage, and elect their office-bearers of every grade. In all things affecting their internal management —their internal schemes and organisations— Presbyterian congregations are as free as the most ardent Oongregationalist could desire. II. With respect to.office-bearers, it is the doc trine of the Presbyterian Church that the New Testament clearly shows that these office bearers were of two orders—the Presbyter and Deacon. The dogma of a third order— the Bishop—with official jurisdiction over subor dinate office:bearers, and with the exclusive right of ordination, confirmation, and discipline, is a dogma which we believe has no foundation in the word of God. It is true we find the three titles of office in the New Testament. We there read of . Bishops, Presbyters, and Deacons. We have the three names. Have we not the three orders ? A very slight examina tion shows that two of the names belong to one order, and that Bishop and Presbyter are titles used interchangeably in the New Testa ment. Tate an example—Paul, in journeying to Jerusalem, sent for the Elders of Ephesus to meet him at Miletus, and he exhorted thoae Elders ' to feed the Church of God over which the Holy Ghost had made them Bishops— rendered in our translations overseers (Acts 20 17). The same persons designated Elders in the 17th vex-se of the 20th chapter of the Acts are designated Bishops in the 28th verse, and how could it be made more manifest that the two designations respected one class of office- bearers. Again we find in Titus, 1 chap. 5 to 7 verse, Paul saying to Titus—' For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in prder the things that are wanting, and ordain Elders in every city, as I had appointed thee. If any beblameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children, not accused of riot or unruly. For a Bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God.' Here we have in the one verse: a requirement to ordain Elders, in the next verse their requisite qualifications, and in the verse succeeding a reason why such qualifi cations were to be demanded of them, ' for a Bishop must be blameless,' It will be observed that the term Elder used at the commencement is exchanged for the term Bishop at the con clusion, while the same office-bearer is spoken of. An Elder must have such and such qualifications. Why? Because "a Bishop must be blameless as the steward of God. Does not this show that the office of Elder and Bishop are identical. That Elder and Bishop are designations of the same office, and convertible terms, is the belief of the Pres byterian Church. With respect to that order of office-bearex-s, from which our Church derives its name, Presbyters, or Elders, the New Testa ment affords full and varied instruction. In the recorded transactions of the Apostolic Church, and in the Epistles of the Apostles, we mark a distinction clearly traced between two classes of Presbyters—the teaching Elder and the ruling Elder. We read of Elders who 'rule,' and of Elders who, in addition to rvxling, ' labor in word and doctrine.' We find in every church planted by the Apostles a plxirality of Elders, and that in no instance is an organised^ congregation • placed' under the ministry of a single Elder. We find no trace of ■ such a thing as pre-eminence or prelacy of one office-bearer invested - with Jurisdiction over others. The New Testament, as we have just stated, indicates in various passages that while all Elders were rulers, only some of them taught publicly, so that a distinction existed among them of teaching and ruling Elders. In the Epistle to the Romans (Rom. xii., 6,8)—'Having, then, gifts differing according to the grace that is given unto us, whether prophecy, let us prophecy according to the proportion of faith ; or ministry, let us wait on our ministry ; or he that teacheth, on teaching; or he that exhorteth on exhortation,. He that givetli, let him do it with simplicity. He that ruleth with diligence; he that sheweth mercy with cheerfulness.' No candid reader can. follow this train con jointly with the Apostle's allusion to the members of the human body, without perceiving that the persons spoken of here are represented as having distinct offices, like the members of the body, and are cautioned against making the difference between them, ..an occasion of vain- glorious strife. He that ruleth a member of Christ's mystical, body, hold ing a distinct ' office.— an . office which may be held separately from other offices, and he ought not in consequence of any views enter tained as to its relative importance either to despise others or be.despised by them. A passage still more decisive is that of 1 Tim. v. 17 —' Let the Elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honor, especially.they who labor in word and doctrine.' It is to be re marked that in this passage Elders are spoken of as a class comprehending all Presbyters, and that from this class of the same office-bearers the term ' specially' singles out a - Belect portion distinguished by a specified- peculiarity—some taught, some ruled. They all ruled, but they did not all teach, and those who taught—that is, > those who labored in word and doctrine—were to * be accounted worthy of double lienor. If it be allowed, then, that the Primitive Churches under the direction of the apostles had Elders appointed to rule, and Elders appointed both to rule and to teach, we are inclined to believe that, adhering to the Presbyterian form of Church polity as at present: constituted, we are only standing fast in the Apostle's ■ doctine—a doc trine not merely taught in" their epistles, but evidently illustrated m their practice. But once more. That the Elders appointed in the Apostolic Churches were not all teaching Elders appears from their number. Every Church planted by the Apostles, however poor and | small, had a company of Elders, and the sup-" position that they were all instructors is attended with inseparable difficulties. There were a plurality of Elders in the Church at Jerusalem, at Ephesus, atPhilippi."Weread that Paul and Barnabas ordained Elders (not Elder) in every city. If they all taught, if all the Elders referred to were public instructors, where was there room for that. exhaustivelabor to which reference is sometimes made by the founders of the Christian Church? If all taught, where was there room or scope, for the exercise of their gifts ? And with twelve, sir, or even three teaching Elders placed over a handful of people there would have been an example of improvidence—a waste of means which is nowhere else to be met with in the Divine administration. A plurality of Elders in each congregation we can understand when their functions are to rule, but when it is affirmed, as it is by Independent brethren, that the Elders referred to taught, confusion seems to settle down upon both the teaching and the procedure of the Apostles. Nothing is more clearly made known than that in the early Church a plurality of Elders was ordained, and when this was effected in any particular Church that Church seems to have been completely j organised or furnished with everything in point of external arrangement which the Spirit of God judged necessary to the edification of its members. These rulers being appointed, it follows that they must havei possessed the power of meeting together and adopting such measures as were agreeable to the mind of ; Christ for the edification of his body; and thus Was formed an Eldership;-thus sprung up in the Apostolic Church that which we here this day humbly hope to call into existence among our selves—a session to which belong the govern ment of a particular congregation—of this con gregation. III. "We have seen therefore how sessions sprung up and were constituted in the Primitive Church. The rise and recognition of Presbyteries is also clearly indicated in the New Testament. As the Church increased, as congregation after congregation arose, each with j respective equipments of teaching and ruling | Elders, they did not range themselves as sepa rate and altogether independent, with no bond of connection recognised among them. Our reading of the Word teaches us that the very opposite of this, was the case. Among those separate congregations a bond of union subsisted. They were one body, and are presented to view as the Church of God in the particular city or district of country in which they were planted. Unable to assemble or worship within the same walls, or under the same roof, they were still one Church, and the unity of their fellowship was maintained and manifested by the joint meetings of their Elders to superintend their common concerns. Here, then, we have the principle of Presbyterian Church government in all its Scriptural simpli city—an organised Eldership of a number of congregations united and forming one Church. We have an example and illustration of these views in the Council meeting which is recorded in the xv. chap, of the Acts of the Apostles. This Council or Synod, as we read, assembled to consider a reference from the Church at Antioch, in which Paul and Barnabas were representatives, and the decision of which Council or Synod was binding on all the Churches. In this case there were, no doubt, specialities arising from the presence there of extraordinary rulera ; but setting all its spe cialities aside, this recorded instance of the Primitive Church government clearly shows that the Churches then existing were in a state of union, that their union was evinced by a joint meeting of their Elders to deliberate about their common affairs; that they met by dele gation; that a case was brought for considera tion and judgment from a smaller to a, greater meeting of Elder!. That -a judgment or 'decree' was -passed (not by Apostolic autho rity, but result of free discussion), ; and that all the Churches were bound- 'in the Lord' to submit to that decree. These are the elements of that subordination of Ses sions to Presbyteries, fand-of- Presbyteries-to' Synods and Assemblies, which characterised | that Presbyterian Church to which we belong. It is not pretended that the minutiae of the system are detailed with particularity in the word of God. It is principle and example rather than detail which Christ has given to guide his Church in matters of government, and | any particular form of government is to De re ceived or rejected according as it agrees or dis agrees with what he has spoken. Here, then, we have an outline of Church government founded on the word of God, in which the rulers are not law-givers but simply administrators, and which is applicable to any Church, whether large or small, proving itself an instrument' of unity and order, while, at the same time, it secures the rights and liberties of the obsernest individual. It contains provisions which are admirably fitted on the one hand to prevent the restless and ambitious from attaining an in fluence adverse to edification, and, on the other, to protect the timid :and retiring. . from injury or oppression. Any member of a Pres byterian Church, however poor, may-by the power of appeal which is his right, have the judgment of the whole Church, through her united Eldership—through., the men, namely, whom the Church in her several congregations has chosen to rule over her, because she con fides in their piety and prudence—may have the judgment of such men, we say, on any point which aggrieves him, whether in doctrine, or in discipline, or in government..... Such is a brief sketch of the Presbyterian ChUrch. We think it Scriptural. "We believe it to be good. It is equitable and compact— orderly and well-balanced —_ adequate for any work, and sufficient for. all interests. The authority it claims is love in exercise, not authority displayed. The rulers have no do minion over the faith of the people, but they are helpers of their joy; and the very design of the system is to render oppression impossible and to secure the just liberties of all. -This form of government is favorable to sound doctrine. The provision that any member of the Church may bring any error or any offence before the notice of its highest Court—there .expose it to the public gaze, procuie its condemnation—places both-truth and morals under the safe keeping of the entire~eommunity. It is friendly .to education, for its' members must :be;instructed in that' knowledge which." maketh truly iwise, and education in its highest forms is a talent which, the Church requires. It is friendly to I national liberty. To the misguided Queen Mary of Scotland the. freedoih of Assemblies was a deep and ever-fretting annoyance. She schemed, 1 she plotted, she manceuvered to fetter and silence them, but Knox's eagle glance detected every intrigue, and his well-known retort shows his estimate of the danger. ' Take from us the liberty of Assemblies, and you take from us the Gospel.' Presbyterianism, with its freedom of utterance, with its unity of organization, with its well balanced powers, and above all, with its entrenchments deeply laid. in the verities of God's "Word, has ever been the offence and the terror of despotic kings, tyrannic Parliaments, or servile Assemblies. Again and again has it fought the battle of freedom, and in the Council Chamber, and . on the floor of Parliament, and on the battle-.tented field it has many a time fought and vanquished the emissaries of op pression. It has been defended and illus trated in the writings of men of profoundest genius and learning; by men of the most com manding eloquence; by men of the most daunt less heroism. Many a moor of the purple heather of Scotland, many a darksome'glen, many a mountain pass, oam bear witness at what a sacri fice of blood our forefathers contended for'.-the rights and liberties of ' their country and 'this Church; and what troops of noble-minded loving-hearted men were raised up in successive eras to maintain the contest, until every oppres sive measure was neutralised, and our rights qqd privileges placed upon a basis as immutable as truth, Knox, Melville, Henderson, Rutherford, Erskine, Gillespie—each man "ih himself a host, and the influence of ., whose character and writ ings is destined to live forever. OurPresby terian Church is friendly to all who hold the Head Christ, and to eveiy Church that is a faithful witness for the truth.® But the Presby terian Church is far .from being: a perfect Church. She may be Scriptural in her eccle siastical polity ; but we have not forgotten the voice of its Head—'Not by might nor by power, but my Spirit, saith the Lord.' Our Church may be fashioned to the minutest parti cular to, the "pattern shadowed forth in Scrip ture ; but all will be naught and in vain unless quickened by the Spirit—unless made the channel through which flow the waters of life. As a lamp without oil, so is the Church without the Spirit. What would have been the temple of old bereft of the Glory which shone between the cherubim? And the blessing will come if we earnestly seek it. A praying people is ever strong; a praying Church is ever safe. Let us wrestle and we shall prevail; let us plead the promise and" it shall descend in a plenteous rain." Mr. Miohie spoke upon "The Claims of Foreign Missions."' After alluding to his love for missonary work, he referred to it as a plan laid out by the Almighty for the enlightenment and salvation of the human race. The work had been commenced by the Apostles, and the Christianity of the present day was the result of their labors. Only the other day they were told in a review in. one of the papers, on one of Max' Muller's works, that missions as a rule had not produced results.. The reviewer quoted these words as. proceeding from Max Muller, but it seemed strange that "such a man could make a statement like that to the world; and without any wish to discredit the reviewer, he could scarcely be lieve that the learned German had- sent forth such a chip from his literary workshop. Chris tian missions had always been productive, and even at the present day it would be difficult to find one that had not produced results. Living stone said that Christianity had done more for the African race than Mohammedanism ever had or could do. There were at the'present time 250,000 professing Christians in Africa—and was not that a result ? In the South Pacific the number was about the same—and was not that a result ? In India there were 120,000 Protestant Christians, which might be regarded as a great result when compared -with the number of missionaries at work there. Taking the-whole field of missionary enterprise, more than a million souls had been rescued from heathen darkness and brought into the glorious light of the Gospel—and was not that a result ? The work would go on, and Christianity would increase. - It was also - said that missions were not only useless, but uncalled for; but he could not believe that the religion of the heathen would ever give peace. To believe that they must reject their Bible; for did not Christ says—" Go forth and teach all nations." He then spoke of the responsibilities of mis sionary work which attached to the Christian Church and to individuals, and afterwards referred to the mission in the New Hebrides, and made an earnest appeal to his hearers to contribute towards the support of the Presby terian missionaries stationed there. A psalm was then sung and the meeting closed. 