TURF GOSSIP. The all-absorbing topic of conversation among turfites | during tho past week has been the Launoeston Champion ] Race, and great indeed was the surprise when the news— . long delayed — came to band that the 'yellow and black' j had been again triumphant, and that the five hundred j guineas, which were regarded as 'the greatest certainty j ever Imown ' for Tim whiffler, had gone into the pockets j of Mr. Tait. Notwithstanding the admitted speed and | gamcness of Mr. Tail's colt, there are many people who cannot understand how Tim Whiffler could be beaten; and some even now— for at the dato of writing this the particulars have not come to hand believe the matter is capable of some explanation which will, to a great extent, be satisfactory to the admirers, if not to thehsckers, of Tim Whiffler. In accounting for the victory of Fireworks there are several facts which appear to lis .to go a long way toward a satisfactory explanation of the result. In the first place it was Donnelly— whose honesty no. one will doubt — and not Johnny Driscoll, who was on Tim's back at Launoeston. Donnelly may be, and doubt less is. a skilful rider ; but he is certainly not equal to Driscoll in getting away at the start, nor is he to he com pared with Driscoll.f or a rush at the finish. Then the fact tbat the weather was wet and the course sloppy must not he overlooked. Such a great striding horse as Tim is would be sure to slip more or less, and of course lose ground in consequence, while Fireworks, with his shorter stride, would be quite at homo in the mud. Indeed, two or three people, who had carefully reckoned up the pros and com of \ tbe race, predicted tbat if the weather was fine Tim would \ win, but if wet end sloppy then the colt would prove the victor. Another advantage which Mr. Tait possessed was in \ having 'two strings to bis bow,'1 and from a letter by 1 ' Peeping Tom ' in last week's Australasian, it would ap ' pear that The Barb was quite as good as tlie colt, if not better. Tbe remarks of tbat worthy on Tim and Mr. Tait's \- -JWjf were as follows ' Before closing, 1 suppose a tip for the Champion Cup is expected, and on this occasion I must go with the general opinion, and give Tim Whiffler ; his price is nominally 2 to 1 on lrim, but there has not been a Let made since our arrivul. The Barb is certainly a puzzler ; this morning no horse could go better, and he is far and away superior to Fireworks : they went three miles together, and in rising the hill the last round he would come away in spite of Stanley, and galloped in a dozen lengths ahead of the 'Works, and when he pulled up did not puff enough to blow a candlo out. I thought him quite as good as ever be was, until I afterwards observed him very stiff and sore, and think it is his feet that trouble him ; if he gets no more work, and is brought to the post fresh, it will take Tim all he knows to beat him, and in soleoting him (Tim) as my tip, 1 do so only because I know -iim to be thoroughly sound and very fit. We find, by a telegram received from Melbourne ?on Tuesday evening last, that Mr. Tait was not -content with the Champion Cup, but quietly appropriated the St. Leger with Fireworks, and the Town Plate with The Barb. The principal prizes, therefore, ?come to Sydney. Tasmania, however, managed to secure the Maiden Plate with Saucy Jack (since purchased by Mr. Tait), the Two-year-old Stakes with Bishopsbournc, the Open Handicap with Alarm, and the Tasmanian Handicap with Strop ; while the Forced Handicap was appropriated by L. L. Smith's Lancashire Witch— a re presentative of Victoria. We observe that most of the racinfc men have returned to Melbourne fiom Launoeston, together with the principal horse* from this side of the water. Mr. De Mestro and .Mr. Tait will, therefore, be shortly amongst ub again pre- I paring for the great meeting ' looming in the future ; '— we allude, of course, to the Metropolitan Autumn Meet- i ing at Randwick. Mr. Tait has made two purchases in Tasmania — Saucy Jack, the winner of the Maiden Plate, and a horse called Lord Kelson. The state of tho racocourso at Braidwood, and of the surrounding country, rendered another postponement necessary, and henoe tho races did sot commence till .Saturday last. Even then we hear the oourso waa in an «wfully wet and slippery' state. On the first day the Maiden Plate was won hy Rinaldo, the Prinoe of Wales & takes by Dan O'Conncll, and tho Hack Raoe by Charley Pork. The winners on the second day were- Canister, of the Hurdle Raoe ; and Dan O'Connell, of the Farmers' -. On the third day Albany won tho big Handicap, ^S£S,@5Sh4uivinK oorne to grief. The Ladies' Purse was TPonw'Rinalio, the Consolation Stakes by Cons tan tine, and Cue Forced Handicap by Albany. Stumpy was to have opposed Rsinswortli ana Albany in the Handicap, tat as thBTO is no mention made of him in the telegrams -wc prcsumlP that on the arrival of the news of Tim's defeat at Launccsfou he was withdrawn, and reserved for the -Sydney CuA . , Lying beff*e us is the programme of tho special meetings . g0t up by tuPlueensland Turf Club in honour of H.R.H. I flje 3$ukc or^'dinburgh, who iB now sojourning in the ?northern oolSj-'. The meeting is fixed for Friday, the j 38th iuManl— iho day on which tho country edition of this j issuelrtpublislral. The bill of fare is not nearly so liberal j as that which mi provided by Tattorsall's Club in Sydney, | liut it in vary respectable notwithstanding. The ball opens j -with tlfe Trial Stakes of 60 sovereigns, for the moderates 'Vho have 'iiever won an advertised prize of the valuoof £60. Tho second is the Duke of Edinburgh Stakes Handi cap of 6 sovereigns each, with 160 added ; two miles. The next is the Queensland Turf Club Cup of 100 sovereigns, a three-mile spin, weight for age. The fourth is the Galatea Stakes, of 3 sovereigns each, with 76 sovereigns, once round! and a distance ; and the sport terminates with a hack race. The nominations for the Duke of Edinburgh Slakes, and the Galatea Stakes, together with tho wetehts, appeared in out issue last week. There ore half-a-dozen .horses engaged in the former, and eight in tho latter. Old England did not get tho ' steadier ' we anticipated {or hiin in the Geelong Handicap, for his Sandhurst vie lories, and groat is the wrath of the Turf writers of Victoria in oonsequenoc. In the two-mile handioap he, Cowra, and Queen ot Hearts are picked out as tho only throe who have -he ghost of a chanoe in a fiold (upon paper) of a quarter of a oentury. And it is said that if Old England is in the condition which he exhibited at Bondigo he must win it in a canter. Again, in the Criterion Handicap it is com plained that he is too lightly in by pounds. Again the dif ficulty of handicapping in Victoria is cropping up. Mr. TV. I'. Simons is giving anything but satisfaction, and the sporting men. are crying out for the appointment of an efficient handicapper (one of tho late triumvirate) at a liberal salary. The Geelong handicaps were to have been made by Messrs. YouUle, Bond, ana Moore, but after a good deal of bungling on the port of the Geelong oom mittoe, the latter body made them themselves. The Gedlong handicaps will be found in their proper place in Ihis issue. Mr. Fisher has sent up throe representatives of Mari lyrnong, but wo ha vo not iioard whether he intends to send any more. The three referred to are Fishhook, Fenelia, «na Barometer— « fine big filly by Fisherman out of Owen, own sister to Token— ana they arrived in prims condition by the City of Adelaide on Sunday last. They ere located at Cutt's, close to the course. We lean from country papers that the Albury Turf Clubbavc determined upon getting up a day's racing on St. Patrick's Day. There will be four races — a handicap, an all aged stakes, a selling race, and a hack race. Stsps arc also about to betaken to resuasitate the annual race meeting at Denitiquin. At AJbury, the other day, a private match between Mr. James Mitchell's mare Fleur-de-lis and-Mr. tliffe's horse Black Jack, far £20 a-aide, was run, resulting in the mare winning by seven or eight lengths, hard held. Three quartcra of a mile ; catch weights. Time, 1 minute 30 Beconds. For the Tcntcrficld Races an addition to the programme, in the shape of a Maiden Plate for all horses that have never won an advertised prize over £10, ia advertised. Wo loam from an Armidale paper that Mr. C. Reynolds, . of Tocal, Paterson River, has sold his horse, the celebrated Cossack, to Mr. W. A. B. Greaves, of Newbold. The price is said to be throe hundred and fifty guineas. Cossack is by Sir Hercules, and his performances both on the turf and in the stud are patent to all who take an interest in Turf rs. Cossack will be a valuable addition to the sires dy in the Clarence district, and will help to maintain the position of the Clarenoe as a horse-breeding district. ' l'jayboy,' in last week's Australasian, has the following in reference to the projected sale of Mr. C. B. Fisher's stud : — ' Mr, Fisher has almost made up his mind to follow the suggestion thrown out in this paper last week, and raffle the whole of Us stud. The idea seems to take well with the general public, and I believe there is not a man in Vic toria of horsey proclivitics who would not take a ticket if the' prico was within his means, 1600 tickets, at £10 each, is, I believe, Mr. Fisher's present estimate of the valu£ of his stud.' Wc notice from the remarks of the same writer that there has been but little betting lately in Melbourne. In Sydney there have been a good many transactions since the news arrived of the result of the Launceston Champion Race, and doubtless there will be many more as soon as full reports of the racing oome to hand. A considerable number of sporting men congregated at TattersaU's on last Friday night, when there was a good deal of speculation on the Sydney' Cup. Tho result of the news from Launceston was that Tim Whiffler receded in tho betting from 3 to 6 to 1, while Fireworks advanced from about 8 to 1 to 6 to 1. The Barb was scarcely so firm, 10 to 1 being obtainable about him, but the Rose of Australia was a better favourite then she was before the news came to hand, 100 to 16 being taken freely. Fishhook, too, found supporters at about 7 to 1. For tbe St. Leger, Fireworks was a very hot favourite, and offers to back him with even money against the field met with no response. During the last few dayB The Barb has advanced again— a result attributable partly to the letter of 'Peeping T-)m' in the Auitralatian.a.wi partly to the fact of the horse having won the Town Plate at Launoeston. Fireworks, foo, is a hotter favourite for the St. Leger, 60 to 40 on him having been offered the other day without any response. The following are the latest quotations of the Cup betting: — STBKKT OOLD CUP. ' 4 to 1 T. Tim Whiffler (tk) 100 to It t. Bose of Atutralii (tk freely) 100 to 14 v. Fireworks (tk and off) 100 lo 14 v. The Barb (off I 100 to 12 v. Fishhook (Ik freelrl 100 to 10 v. Italian ( tk) 100 to 8 v. By-long (off ) 100 to 8 v. Hun bled on Bill (off) 100 to 7 v. Sir John (off) 100 to 6 v. Old England (off I 100 to 6 v. Blair Athol (off) ICO to 6 v. Olenooe (off) 100 Co C r. Lady Kingston (off, 100 to 4 tk) 100 to t v. anj other offered. ' IT. LKOBM. 6 to 4 on Fireworks (off 1 ' t to 1 v. Italian (tk) 6*o 1 v. Olenooe (off) 6 to I v. asr other offered. The two following paragraphs are from local journals. SronriKO. — The programme of tbe Canonbar, Monkey, and Louth, Darling River race meetings have been pub lished. At the former two days' racing is te take place ; the Maiden is £30, the Town Plate £30, tho Inn Plate £20, with hurdle race, selling race, &c-; The meet ie to come off on March 17th (St. Patrick's Day) and 18th. The Monkey races are fixed for 7th March. The prizes are liberal, and refioct much credit upon the spirited residents of the station— for it must be remembered that Monkey is no township, but one of Messrs. W. and T. Richardson's head stations. There are six prizes to be contended for in one day; two of them — the Inn Plate and Publican's Purse—of 30 sovereigns each. The Darling River pro gramme is attractive enough, and the residents of the neighbourhood should have a good day's sport on the 17th proximo. * Racing at WADDAL— On Siturday, the 14th March, a little race meeting is advertised to be held at Waddai. About fifty pounds of public mon;y will be run for, and a good day's sport may very fairly be looked for. 