BQN&CRU3HING.; Bone-dust ia regarded as one of the essen tials of modern, husbandry. It contains constituents which are highly valuable in reinvigorating certain worn-out sous. Those wno nave maue inai ot n tor one season have held to it year after year, and have found in It a safe and sure fertilizer. It is not necessary to enter into an analytical exami nation of its component parts. Scientific farming has gained sufficient headway even among South Australian cultivators to teach them the manner in which as well aa the ex tent to which. H operates. To the general pnhlio, of course, its virtues are sealed. They care not to enquire in what way it puts the land in tune. They only know that it provides a useful destination for waste bones. When presented for their inspection at Produce Shows they look askance at it. To their refined sensibility the' objectionable od.ou,r still cUnga about it, and they instinc tively pass by on the other side. If they felt any necessity to be initiated into the unsavoury part of the process, a visit to the suburb of Dulwich would prove very instructive. It is true that the qamti uf the locality is not famiji^r. b,u,t if they crossed to the ^quth,'easiern' extremity of the Park lands when the breeze is westerly, they would not require a guidepost. Here, dis tant half a mile or less from Mr. Coglin's model grand stand, and two or three hundred yards from tbo Qreenhill-roatl, in a straggling building, Mr. L. tyehjtens. performs the last rites aver the'oisspou,s remains of animals destined to, nro.ino.te a new order of vitality. Some time olapsod before he succeeded in fairly establishing himself in this part of the country. The industry was first started on the Glen Osmond-road, near the Turf Mill, but no precautions for the protection of travellers were uueu, mm a vigqFQuh opposi tion to sq clooid^ a. miisanee speedily led to its. abatement.' A fresh start was made higher up on the same line of road, but this only led to renewed persecution, to which the proprietor had to succumb, \$e. n&xt; squatted down a^ ftu^wioh, and from this hc^ing hft h,^s nqt been ejected, although his possession has not been undisturbed nor his proceedings unquestioned. It is now eight years since this final migration took place. For a time Mr. Mehrtens struggled on ; but whatever his success in the produc tion of the article required by farmers, it was useless to him because he had no sale for it. In his extremity, he was taken u,^ and aided 11; a L^sifttsa point of view liy Mr. P.' 'Wurm,' who quickly contrived to alter the aapect of affairs. The sluggish horse mill was exchanged for a new apparatus, and an extensive connection was formed by dis tributing the bone-dust gratuitously far and wide. In two or three years' time, the existing building, 50 feet long by .30 wide and, 20, high,, was. erected, powerful machinery was put U.P,, and all appliances and means pro vided for supplying the yearly widening demand. At nrst the owners of bone- heap readily placed them at the disposal of the crusher ; but as operations were enlarged, a new value was given to the raw materials. Agents were appointed in the nrincinal country towns, and bone-collecting gavQ employment to dozens of persons who would otherwise have been ill oft' for, pecujvat^on/ As niuch as £2 lQs. a ion was paid for hones delivered tf th.e. works, and more than' a nominal figure was charged by those whose stocks were taken from their very doors. Such a thing has been known as a complete train on the Northern Une being chartered to bring to Adelaide these relics of quadrupedal mortality. |Tbe spectacle of a two-goat cart parading $h,e streets af the cfty i». % n» means nqoommon,, am} we ate ^fonned that the owners qi'tnis vehicle frequently bring as much as a ton of bones a day to the factory. Dulwich is a very convenient destination for dead or dying horses ; and although the car cases are not turned to the multifarious uses 1$ which th,o lessqn.bqoks Worm yqqqg beginnera they oan be put, still th.e convey ance of them hither is an arrangement satis factory to both parties. No part of the ovine, bovine, or equine skeleton is unwel come, and ardent collectors have gone so far as to bring a human cranium, presumably that of an aboriginal native, for manipula tion. A small lot of whale bones, too, have been crushed, hut tb.e farmers had * praju-. dice against using the proceeds. Mr. Wurm therefore applied them to a portion of land of his own, and he believes with beneficial The summer months form the season most suitable both for collecting and crushing. It is. then that the gar^a arp $w\ in alj qireo tiqns fof fx§a() 'supplies, and that the sub agencies are the most active. For Borne years subsequent to 1860 the trade increased rapidly, until two years ago the quantity of dust sent out reacned 240 tons. The bad yield last year reduced this aggregate by almost one half, and the proprietors wisely forestalled the decline by curtailing their outdoor expenses. They are now preparing for next year's demand, and for those who can stand it the process of crushing is not without interest. The bones are first of all thrown into a large hopper, through whjch they fall between a nap qf serrated tollecs, with some JS or 18 injehes of bearing surface. These revolve towards each other, and do the preliminary breaking work. Im mediately below these are a second pair of rollers with finer teeth or cogs, which diminish the pieces to a two or three inch gauge. From three rollers they fall into a receptacle beneath, from which they are removed by elevators or pockets attached to an endless. b.and tq a. height qf some }Q qr 15, feet. Thence tney either fall iu.to a wooden bo,Uer, qr are conveyed by a spout into a largo vertical boiler capable of containing a ton of bones, In this boiler they are qteained for five hours at a pressure of 60 lbs. to the inch. This liberates all the fatty matter, which is preserved, and becomes of use in soapmaking. In the wooden boiler, which is seven feet by four feet, with a depth of fnnr fppt fTip Virmpa ara Wiiljwi until thn nimn result is attained, except that instead of rooming friable they retain their natural firmness, Whsn sufficiently steamed qp boiled, the pieces are spread out in the open air, where they remain three or four days, according to the state of the weather, to be thoroughly dried. It is found necessary to use both processes and to combine the results, inasmuch as one boiler would not ? execute the work with sufficient rapidity. When dried, tips bone metal, as it may be termed, is brought back into the building, and deposited in a Urge pit, from whioh it Is raised by means of elevators fed by a revolv ing pin into a shute, out of which it falls into a second set of rollers, having on their surface about a dozen rows of teeth, each tooth half an inch apart. After passing through these, it encounters the finishing roller!, ' the te.ejtb or qogs in ^hich are differently constructed, and only a quarter, of an inch apart. On leaving these, the ' ground bone is drawn by a horizontal screw into a ten feet long wire-dresser, which separates it into three classes. The first, or bonedust proper, is borne away by elevators into a shute connecting with the bags, each containing 2 cwt., which are thus filled on the same principle as flour Backs in a mill. The seconds are conveyed by elevators into another shute, at the bottom of which is a roller working against a fixed grating. This pulverizes it and lets it drop through the dresser once more, when it of course falb into the first class. The third set of elevators 1 carry the larger imperfectly crushed bone up | aloft, aad delivers it over once more to the e,rrish'ing rollers to undergo the grinding ordeal afresh. Although the machinery may appear somewhat intricate from description, it works vith the utmost regularity ana sim plicity. The rollers now used are cast iron chilled, but the strain upon them is exces sive, the blunting of the teeth quickly accom plished, and the breakage frequent. The expense of sharpening and keeping them in working order is therefore considerable. The movements of the machinery are directed by a four-horse steam-engine, with a tubular boiler, made by Messrs. Horwood and EIHh, of sufficient dimensions for an eight-horse engine, and working constantly to a pressure of 60 lbs. The water, of which a large quantity is required, is drawn from a 60-feet well fitted with pumping apparatus. The boiler is supplied through a number of casks, all connected together, and communi cating with a receptacle where the water is first heated by the waste steam. The steam ing and boiling vata are supplied direct with water by pipes leading from the well There is a circular saw bench fitted up for cutting the firewood, which is the chief fuel used 111 the furnace. It makes 1,000 revolutions a minute, and is found a very useful auxiliary to the milk. Adjoining the main building is a small oven, where animal charcoal is baked. For this purpose bones of any sort may be used, and the receptacle in which they are placed is somewhat in the form of a retort. Everything of a fatty or gelatinous nature is dissipated by heat. The demand foi this product is very limited, being con fined to a few hundredweight required by chemists. It is only necessary to manufac ture this about once a month, but of course tnis branch ot the business is capable ot great expansion. The three articles regularly sent into the market are bonedust, soap fat, and animal charcoal. It would be easy to add the manufacture of glue, as at present the substance from which it is made is thrown to waste ; but Mr. Wurm is anxious not to heap up expenses, but to enable the working manager to redeem the property without loss of time. , The produce of bonedust when the crusher is at full work is about a ton a day. The number of hands employed is two men and two boys, independent of two boys who take charge of the carts engaged in collecting and delivering. The entire practical manage ment rests with Mr. L. Mehrtens, who has great faith in the enterprise, although for two or three years want of business expe rience w&£ a great drawback to his success. The undertaking now is well established. Some of the most extensive farmers, such as Mr. Wm. Ferguson and Mr. Stark, are amongst its regular customers ; and although the agricultural depression haj not improved its present position, ita future prospects are very encQur»ging. Thr Wuitwobth Shell PRACTICE.-In our n nice of the artillery practice at the Semaphoie appearing in Monday's RtgtiUr some little mis apprehension seems to have arisen in one or two quarters from, the fact that two or three of the shells broke up almost immediately after leaving the muzzle. The explanation of this fact lies, not in any want of care or knowledge, but in the uncettam structure of the shells themselves. They are made of cast iron, not more than a quarter of an inch thick, and a very slight flaw in the metal will occasion the breaking up of the shell from the force of the gun's explosion. In proof of this we find from the records of the practice at Shoeburv ne&i; before the Committee on Armstrong and Whitworth, guiw that out of the total of 112 qhrapnell shells fired from a 12-pounder Whit worth on two consecutive days nine broke up hi the muzzle, aud nine more broke up iu the ft 111 itself. This is a larger percentage of failures than our volunteers have experienced, the failures on tncit in 0 auys oi practice naving oecn iour out 0 :i0. The uncertainty of this cause of failure i farther illustrated by the fact that in the t«r- practices above-mentioned at Shoeburyness tl t number* were nine out of 46 one day, and nine ou of 66theither. Supbemk Court.— The Primary Judges at in Equity on Monday, August 21, but nothing of importance wan dune. The Full Court will si this morning for Equity appeals. rnao3opiHC.vL. Society.— The 151st meeting ol (lie Adelaide Philosophical Society will be held at (lie Institute this evening, when the adjourned dis cussion ou Education will be tesumed, and, if time permits, a paper will be read by Dr. Sdiomburg^ on 'The Victoria Kegia,' The Rev. J. Goomvcx.-A tea and public meeting took place at the Primitive Methodic Chapel, Morphelt-stroet, gn Monday. August 21 for the purposes of welcoming the Uev. J. and Mrt. Goodwin,' late oi England, to the colony. Then was a large muster at the tea, which was, as usuul, sumptuously and bountifully provided by tin Indies. At the public meeting which Rucceedrd the attendance was still larger, the building beitu crowded. Mr. W. W. Wenwood presided; tlir platform containing about a dojeu ministers con necte-1 with the Primitive Methodist and othet dtnoniinationa. The Kev. J. Warner moved, ami the Rev. J. Standrin teconded, a resolution ex pressing gratitude to God for the safe arrival of the Rev. Mr. and Mrs, Goodwin, and welcoming them to the colony. The Rev. J. G. Millard, ol the Pirie-Etreet Weslejan Chapel, and two otliet ministers sunnoited the resolution, which wa- carried with every demonstration of warmth and eincerity. The Kev. Mr. Goodwin replied in a feeling and eloquent address, in which he took occasion to advert to his regret at the absence through illness of the Rev. J. Mauuhan, with whom he was 00 terms of friendship in tht mether-countiy. The pioceedings closed with the customary votes of thanks, after a collection bud been made. Leflvre- tebrace Yodno Hem's Association. —A lecture wan given in connection with tht above Association on Monday evening, in the Bantifct Chapel, I efevre-terrace, by Mr. U. N. Bagpt, entitled '?' Remmucences of Ireland.' Then was a fair attendance. Mr. Bagot occupied about an hour and a half with an interesting description of the harbour and city of Dublin, rendered familiar to him by early associations. He also described gome of the wild and romantic scenery in the Couuty of Wicklow, and altogether im pressed his audience with a very favourable opinion of the beauties and attractions ef the Emerald Isle. At the close of tbe lecture, ou the motion of the Rev. G. Storehouse, seconded by Mr. J. Cumminr, a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Bagot, who expressed his regret that be had been unable to give a more detailed account of other parts of Ireland, but promising at a future time to do so. Before the audience separated a number of photographs pf picturesque Irish scenes were inspected. Adelaide Polick COURT.— On Monday, August 84, several fines of fit each and one of 10s. were inflicted for drunkenness and breach of decorum. A man charged as a lunatic was ordered to In detained for a few hours, in order that his friemlr might be communicated with. A boy, charge! with stealing a tame rabbit found at large, was dismissed. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 22nd oi August, were :-Births, 24 males, 18 females ; deaths, 13 males, 11 females. Total-42 births, 24 deaths. Excess of births, IS. Tqeatbioau — Mr. James Anderson has reacned England, and announces that he has had a successful tour round the world. Madame Celeste is playing in the provincial towni of Great Britain. Mr. Charles Dillon early in June com menced an engagement at Manchester. Lady Don has been playing to crowded houses st Liverpool. Miss Sara Nelson is performing in burlesque in Dublin. Miss Carry Nelson ia still prohibited from appearing on the stage. Harry Leslie and Harry Raypor are doing well at San Francisco. Jefferson, when the last news left, was still at Philadelphia, but was about visiting Baltimore. Mr. Nish, one of the Original Christy Minstrels, has been engaged at St. Janie*'s Ha.ll, Piccadilly. The WUard Anderson and his family are meeting with good succoM in Surrey. Mr. G. H. Rogers, Mr. Rayner, and An. Vincent are playing at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne. Miss St. Denis and other performers recently in Adelaide are engaged at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre in the same city. What is THis?-From a late issue of the Newt of the World the following paragraph, headed ' Vegetable Sheep,1' is extracted. We are not in formed In what state the shepherds are when unable to distinguish between the two objects :— ' One of the most remarkable objects shown at the annual soiree of the Linnean Society, held at Burlington House, was an actual specimen of the so-called 'vegetable sheep1 of Australia, It is a flowering plant belonging to the same family as the dandelion land daisy of our meadows, hut, when full grown, forms one huge confluent white mass, so closely resembling a sheep that it frequently deceives even the experienced Australian shepherds themselves.' Caution to Parents.— A most distressing case of death occurred on the )2:h instant, at a farm between Coleraine and Merino. On the Wednesday previous a little child three years old, the daughter of ChrUtun Nolte, was playing in one of the rooms with her brother, four years om. The little boy got a box of wax vestas oft/ the chimneypiece, which the sister picked up, and commenced eating the tops off. The brother went and told the parents what his sister was doing; but before they got to the child she had bitten the tops off between 40 and 50 matches and swallowed them. The other portions of the vestas were scattered about the floor. For some time after the discovery the chi showed no symptoms of illneis; she was put 1 bed at the usual hour, apparently all right. In the middle of the night, however, the parents were awoke by the child, who was found to be in con vulsions. They administered warm milk and other household remedies as emetics. Under this treat ment the child recovered, and was well until Sunday morning, when she again became very ill. The doctor wu in constant attendance until Tuesday evening, but without avail. The child died early onWednesdAy moroing.-iTawt«o» TtMSborii-EASTCBR Railway Scheme?. -Wa hare at various tunes published letters in favour of the line of railway from Lacepede Bay to the Vic* torian Border, writUn by correspondents resident at Port Caroline, and in the Regiiter of Friday last we gave some details of the Government pro* posal. In order that what is thought on the oilier hand at Mount Gambler of the plan devised by tbe Ministry may be keen, we now in fairness to residents there subjoin portion of a leader iu the Bankr Watch of August 22, in the hope that the pro and con. of what is so largely a local question may be seen and fully discussed - n its merits. That journal says :— 'Settler* of the South-Bast and squatters of the Victorian Border, don't you long; for the advent of the 'good time* when your wool Utpbeconvejed to tne sen by the iroo horse, nulling ita way to Adelaide via 'that uoble and lilaciU bay' ydeyt Port (iuoliue! The projected ruUay from Poit Qwolu.e to Karraooorte wai inline enough in all conscience, but that to the Bolder via the Cockatoo Lake is infiniuly more so. We defy tbe Government ** p£0Je#n? .mo£ n'Hculous undertaking, rte ahoiild like to be able u- invent lew* a tacit support to the Port Carol'ue and Border Railway. But we must coulee w» are fcw intimately ac quainted with the district to be able to do t.o. We have grave doubts an to our railway projects, oven under tbe most favourable auspice* We think it is possible the Railway UoinmUiion will And that we have been attempting 10 pet along too fast. Bit if railways are to be further pioceeded with, they should only be constructed wbure there was at least some show to Iw made of returns. Tbe con* stiuction of the one in question might be under* taken when it was found that railways were a *i * i& i'ViF'' ana wnen monev 'ec«ne so plentiful that it was of small moment whether investments yielde.1 returns or not SVe say em Dhntically any system of railways foi the South* East should start at Port MiwDomiell. If it did not pay between that port and Mount Gambler, it would pay nowhere in the South-Kant. Buc let us put the muter in a practical light. Let us have the name of one gentleman who would invest a A5 note in the proposed railway, supposing it were to be made by a Company. We have asked residents north, south, east, and we»t of Nar ra coon* what they tuought of the Lacepede Bay Kail way. Their invariable annwer wa» ' It it a mad scheme.' They believe it would not command rade enough to pay labourers to keep the scrub from chocking it up. They have told us 'there ia some show of reason in your projected Mount Gambier and Narracoorte line. It might pay work* ing expenses. It st trts from a centre of population, it runs through a tolerably fertile and well settled liKtrict. But this Lacepede Bay line it alarU from nowhere an-t g*-ea nowhere. It runs clear of th« ex sting traffic, and it goes over land ucu that uo- traffic can be expected to arise to feed it.' Out of Lvcepede Bay and thruuuluiut the So.ith.Kwt tha railway is pooh-poohed unmercifully. JCven in t -acepede Bay. when we come to thu money test, we question if we wi 1 find a single believer in it. ut -et us look at the que«UouTn another light. We have seen tlmt the estimated wool produce of ^wW U-*JUh« railway b supposed to tap la I.IXW balea. The annual ex|.ort of wool from South-Kastern ports ia u.jw about 15,101 bales. A majority of this is »h pped \\\ obe and the remainder at Ports MuelAmnell and Caroline. The latter nwy lay claim to some l.BOi Hales. It thus appears that we obtain the trade ol one half the stations included in the Ucepede hat already, and we may safely Kay that we are quits as like.y to retain this portion without the urn. iHweu railway as wun it. Hut «rainiug that thn railway was to command the other 5,000 bule«, is it forth wnile to make it fur hucli au ol jectf Wu fear our Government would bo rishiiiK with thoo* -ands to catch hundreds. We do not believe that, Lacepede Bay. railway and all, would command a. wool export of 5,000 bales.' Thk NAnHACOORTE and Afslkt Sbow.— Our correspondent says:- 'Most of tbo prli^s atthla show of stock on Thursday w«jr» taken by Victorian ?iquatters, comparatively few at this hide of tha Border pot any ut all. The show of sheep was first rate, that of cattle and hones inferior.' Tlio Utanlard'i telegram, dated Penola, August 21, ia isfolIow8:-'TheApsley Show wan very nuino* rously attended. Fine wea.l»or. The chief prim akers for best sheep wwe Messrs, A. Smith, l-. iflleck. J. Robertson, If. Hines, and T. Majimy. est hack, J. Robertton. Best bull J. Robertson, ?rue drauRht entire. A. J. Bdwards's Menmore. The dinner was a first-rate affair. Hlues in tha cluir, with D. Affleck as vice.' GOAUEAD VlCTOBIAM B-HUTTKBa — SotUO of the fquatters iu this dhtrict (says the Ararat Advertixr) are beginning to undorstana the value and economy of ntcani asencv. ami to slmw t very practical appreciation hy the purchase ot portable engines, which can bo made to do &» iniount of work that is really surprising. One tfhich we saw erected and at work, a couple of lays since, was, within the apace of two hours, employed in Bowing wood into lengths for tha. wrious fires in the establishment, boring poata for fencing purposes, crushing corn, cutting chaj£ ami . :hurning, all of which operations it performed In n most satisfactory wav. The proiuWor imformwt as that the value and efficiency ul the engine and ipplmr.ees bad repaid the cost some time sfaice; thus posts, which cunt by manual labour Hid. to hore, were now h red u\ a coat of o}d. each, and in this way the number nf hands which with tha tcrvices of the engine he woh able to do without ?nuke a very considerable dill'orcnco in tlio vearly expenditure. There is no operation which th» untune performs more completely Mum that o| shunting; the churn is placed in the eniniifrhoiiBC, ind if the day bo cold the doors »?«- rk-Red to insist the formation of the butter, the cliuru-stutr iieiiU raised and depressed with au energy and* ; instancy whcli human, nrrus would imitate in vain. A CiHNiWK Ghost.- Quite an excitement waa 0auw.1l in the Chinese camp a few days ago (reporUt the Ararat Advertiser), by the rcpott that one of ;heir compatriots, residing iu Opossum Oully, hod icen a malignaut spirit, which kept him in the bush for 24 hourx, and otherwise inflicted on him a. -reat deal of hardship and trouble. Ah Sin-ntch is the Chinaman's name— states that he was break'* fasting with his in ite on the .Sunday muiulng pro* cediim the last and after fiiiitthina a pluVe 01 ric», the plate fell and got broken. H» thought nothing of the circumstance, mul rpuleuwhed another: nut to his consternation this plate alto fell ana was nroKen. Tins ma Him to suspect that sumo, uvsterious Influence win at work; but he 'Tied to forget the circuuntance, which k» partially managed to do till following lits turUo ;o Aiarat, to visit the Chinese camp, wheu lie fell down twice, and after rising heard himself ualled into tbe bush. Ultimately he obeyed tbe jail, notwithstanding th it his hotter nature warned 11m not to comply, ami from this time, for twenty* four hnu.ru, his mate a id all who knew him lout my knowledge of hit whereabouts. At the expiru. 'ion of the lime he arrived in a very wild and excited state, having lost one shoe and hack, un.4 bearing upon his shoulder ? buih, in which the spirit was planted, and whioh the tamer alone waa able to see and converse with. The victim of tht spirit u now considerably calmeJ, down - but if b» sees any more it is not at all uniikely that he will be placed within the prej;lr\cU of a strong building where spirits in other than a liquid form are not in the habit of entering. A DiSTiNouiHHKD VisiTOB.— A foreign ' Count' has been victimizing the Sydney people to th* extent of £5.000. The foreign Count baa been found to be an impostor, only tbe discovery did not take place until be had sot clear off with hia plunder. It is very mortifying to the Pydoey folk* to lose their TO ney in this way : but it is still more mortifying to. be made ridiculous, and have the rest of the colonies lauiihing at them for their credulity. They allowed a gentloiuun, appro* priately styling himself Miranda, to get iSU.OUO irom them a few years ago, and it would rcetn as if the French and (Sennxn aristocracy had a com* paratively easy task in fl-'ccinz our friend* moq the Sydney tide.' I has, no doubt, a titillatlnu effect upon the social vanitit-u whei. a 'count' or a 'marquis' of prtpotvuhing appearance eon* ucscena* 10 snare, ior a urn-, ine oomeiiUc enjoy* mentaof our imperfect civiliminn, and if he also comlcHcends at the same time to ttorrnw momy of those b- honours, he does but add V- tlie obliga* tion. But it is very uupleas nt when the Count turns out to be no Count, and when he dot s not pay ?tack the money he has boiriwed. Honiebody Iim laid that the man who limn uglily understand! human weaknesses, ami is not ilow lo tnuko use ol them, has a fortune within his gruHp at any time. It is on this prinoiple, probably, that Austrian 'Cjunt8' find Australian ventures so profitable.— Australasian. A ' fHARP' Lad.— Considerable excitement was caused in Geelong yesterday by a report that *t quaitz reef had been disco veied in tlie vicinity of the town. It appears that a Ud named Dick Sharp brought into town on Tuesday some iptcimens of quartz with gold, and offered to give information aa to the locality where they had lwen found upon payment of a bonus of £5 and a paid up share if a Company was formed. He induced Mr. J. M. Garratt, who believed the lad's statement, to decide to see what the place was like. Accordingly, a number of mining speculators and others met yesterday afternoon, one of them guaranteeing Sharp the £5 alluded to, A cab w.m called, and a pick, shovel, tiudiin, and other utensils of a siiniltr character provided, with which the party proceeded to the new Eldorado. The cavalcade, including two buggies, containing speculators desirous of participating in the first rush, proceeded up Moora* bool-street. to the astonishment of the inhabitants generally. They kept on their way till they reached the gravel pits at Chilwell Flat, where, to their In tense disgust, they found Sharp's quartz reef. The party thu? discovered themselves soli', and at first looked rather nheepish, but afterwards indulged in a good laugh at their own expense. Bhnrp appeared to enjoy the sell, and coolly asked for the promised £5.—Araat, August 90. Gkobqk Fkancib Train.— Last autumn George Franc s Train attended the Jockey Club Races at Jeroinepark (N.Y.), and betted very freely, but always, as it happened, on the losing horse, Tha lost day, having wagered heavily on the favourite, he again lost, and, supremely disgusted, took out his pocket-book while on the member*' stand, and eang out, 'I'll bet 5 to 1 I'm the biggett fool in the City or County of Sew York.' After repeating the challenge several times, a man standing In the course immediately below looked up, and, with his portemonnaie in his hand, said, 'Halloo, stranger, I'll take that bet, provided your name ain't Georgo Francis Train.' Referring to the recent demand for £100,e00 made upon the British Government because of two days' arreit, the London Sptdalor considers George Francis a remarkably costly Train at his own valuation. It says: -'If two days are worth £100,000 to Mr. Train, a year is worth £34000,000 to him, and all the Insurant Offices in the world would never undertake ta insure jointly Mr. Train's invaluable life for what it is really worth, and 2'- years of Mr. Train would more than extinguish the National Debt. The imagination reels heforp Mr. Train's tublima pecuniary measure of hiB own importance,1' (j§T We have been requested by Messrs. Townsend, Hotting. & Kay to direct the special attention of Merchants, Builders, Contractor, and others to their Sale of the Entire Cargo o\ the Tonnberehus. from the Baltic, consisting of Baltio Deal*. Flooring Board*, Mouldings. Architraves, Window Glan Bricks, Nails, Pig iron. Ac, 4c The Sale will take place at the Port, This Day, at half-past 11 o'clock. -ST Messrs Townsend, Botting, and K,aLhaye de*ire(iu» to direct the special attention of limber Merchanti, Contractors, ana others to their Sale, This DaV. at the Port, of the Otrgo of the Union, from Hobart Town, consisting of Laths. KsBjafiwa?** »«*««*». 