The Lords Spiritual and Temporal at St. James's Hall. (From the Examiner.) The Lords have made a sortie. Discerning clearly from their gilded parapets the approach of the Commons, who require their concession of certain reasonable demands, Archbishops and Dukes, at the head of a long train of suffragans and barons, have come out into the open, in order to enlist recruits, if possible, under the flag of Church and State. We will say at once, that we do not object by any means to this mode of carrying on the war. We rather like it ; for it is, after all, a practical submission of the whole issue pending to the judgment of the people. So long as prelates, in their lawn sleeves, and hereditary peers, in or out of their ermine, remained secluded in their Parliamentary chamber the world without might wonder at their ob- structive practices ; but it could form but a very imperfect notion of their mode of arriving at conclusions. The photographic mechanism, whereby certain colorless pictures are given us in the morning papers, of what the House of Lords looked like the evening before, supply after all but a very dim delineation of that curious portion of our constitutional organisation. Stillness is indispensible to photogrophy, as it is to hatching eggs ; and nothing can be more solemn, dull, or inarticulate than the Upper Chamber very often, during the critical periods of its legislative incubation. But all this will be changed if the Lords spiritual and temporal should got an appetite for a real live audience, and a thirst for audible and unaristocratic cheers. We rejoice, for our part, that the first experiment has gone off so well. Had it been a failure, those who stayed away would have been sure to mutter, with a supercilious sneer, "We told you so." But the meeting at St. James's Hall was in its way a great success. There was as great a cram and as great a row, and as brilliant an attendance of fair women, as much vehement cheering, as much interruption, and as effective an eviction of intruders by the majority, as the best monster meeting we ever attended in favor of something that was really right. The Lords will do it again ; and we sincerely hope they may — for nothing will tend so much to improve their political education as exposure to the public atmosphere. An elderly peer, indeed, has written to us to say how much he fears the consequence of this sudden change in the habits of the House of Lords. It is all very well, he observes, so long as you can get Whig and Tory prelates, High Church and Low Church and Broad Church dignitaries, laymen, and clerks to concur in your resolutions, and to pass them with tremendous cheering ; but only think what would happen if our most reverend and right reverend leaders fell out, and took to pelting one another, as Bishops only can do, in the face of the vulgar ! If in his first, and on the whole fortunate essay in the demagogue line, the venerable Primate had to threaten to quit the chair more than once, in order to secure a hear- ing for a slightly divergent Dean, only think what might happen if my lord of London and my lord of Oxford, if the Bishop of Durham and the Bishop of Salisbury, should fly at one another on the platform as they are used to do in Con- vocation ! The fact is, writes our correspondent, that the lay lords have been led away by their spiritual brethren, who being profession- ally expert in the practice of decla- mation, and accustomed to seeing a multi- tude of eyes fixed upon them while they talk are grown tired of the empty benches and echoless walls of Westminster, and have beguiled a host of temporal peers into escorting them on the present occasion. He remarks, indeed, with more point than propriety we think, that the hazardous experiment has arisen from the circumstance that our leading ecclesiastics at present, are in their physical as well as mental prime. But for our part, we rejoice that the crozier is borne just now, by so many able-bodied Bishops ; and so long as they retain the privilege of legislators, we trust that their zest for popular recognition, and their temerity in bearding popular disfavour may never grow less. The speeches made at St. James's Hall, especially the historal portions of them, will be read with amazement by all well-informed persons. Those who are familiar with the declamations of Bishop Wilberforce may not, perhaps see any- thing extraordinary in his mode of counting up the sum of ecclesiastical endowments in Ireland, which he would have us believe are chiefly of modern and Protestant origin. The attempt of the Archbishop of York to make it appear that at the Reformation the Irish Catholics were not despoiled, but that if the endowments we now to be taken from the Anglican minority they would be robbed of their indefeasible rights, will certainly startle not a few. Did it ever occur to these most reverend and right reverend defenders of the special and peculiar right of their Church to teach the truth, that it is highly dangerous for them to be caught tripping in historical argument about things temporal ? If about facts only three centuries old these oracles fall into so grievious error, how can they expect that the world will take their word for sweeping assertions upon far graver incidents, the scene and the time of which are far more remote, and the evidence regarding which is far less easily weighed and measured ? Alike rash is the language wherein the Anglican Church in Ireland is said to be the "Church of the poor," and "the Church of the nation." What poor ? and what nation ? It is painfully notorious that nine-tenths of the community in Ireland who live by trade or labor have never at any time, and do not now recognise the imposed pastorate, of which Primate Beresford is the lordly chief ? Is it not the commonplace of daily talk in every class and in every parish in the empire that the mass of the Irish nation are discontented, if not disaffected, because their country is yoked for better for worse to another and greater country, inhabited by a contented and loyal nation ? What means, then, the jugglery of episcopal words, wherein it is attempted to make these inexorable facts disappear, in order to substitute for them the clerical phantasm of a single nation, whose conscience is to be the arbiter of all things right and wrong ? A correspondent of a London paper says :— " At Shoeburyness I saw a section of the Ply- mouth fort in course of construction to be knocked down in a few days. Observing several men engaged in painting the inside of it, I asked an artillery officer with me the reason for this elaborate decoration. He said no one could make it out, unless it was to encourage British labor and the rapid circulation of money. I commend this view of political economy to the attention of the British tax-payer. GUILT.— Though it may attain temporal splendour can never confer real happiness ; the evil consequences of our crimes long survive their commission, and, like the ghost of the murdered, for even haunt the steps of the malefactor ; while the paths of virtue, though seldom those of worldly greatness, are always those of pleasant- ness and peace. The New York Times in reference to the charge that the President is the most horrible patricide, the world ever saw, remarks. As our happy country has already the tallest moun- tains, the longest rivers, the biggest jackasses, the loudest ranters, and the highest waterfalls, it is but proper that we should possess the greatest criminal." A DENTIST'S COMPLIMENT — The following compliment was paid by a dentist to a lady. He had made several ineffectual attempts to draw out her decayed tooth, and finding at last he must give it up, he apologised by saying : "The fact is, madame, it is impossible for anything bad to come from your mouth." THE EMPEROR AND EMPRESS OF FRANCE. — The Emperor and Empress, the other day, took a walk, arm-in-arm, without any escort, and followed only by a chamberlain and a lady of honour, up half the length of the Champs Elysées. A couple of days since, they went, quite unattended, and unexpected, to the St. Germain Railway Station, took tickets for one of the first-class carriages, and got into the same, before the officials had learned their presence ; got out at St. Germain, and had a quiet stroll for an hour or two, on the unrivalled terrace, with its wonderful view and delicious air ; came back to Paris in the same simple style, and went back to the Tuileries in a plain carriage, without livery, that was waiting for them at the station. A week or two ago, as a couple of grooms were exercising a pair of rather restive horses in a break, about half-past 6 o'clock, in an unfre- quented road near the Bois de Boulogne, they suddenly came upon an elegant little calèche, driven by a lady, with another lady seated beside her. A sudden turn in the road had brought the break almost upon the calèche before the grooms were aware of its presence. The lady cried out to them to "keep off", at the same time drawing her horses, by a movement of the reins equally skilful and vigorous, out of harm's way. The grooms, who were much alarmed by the encounter, as it had seemed to them impossible to avoid a collision which must have knocked the little carriage to pieces, were still farther astounded on recognising in the lady who held the reins, and who cried out to them, with a pleasant nod, as she drove away, "No harm done !" no less a personage than her Majesty the Empress. A short time before a poor begger woman, with a child in her arms, found a gold piece slipped into her hand by a lady who passed her, and recog- nised in her benefactress the Empress, who, very plainly dressed, was taking a morning walk, accompanied by another lady. A couple of days ago, a company of those wretched little Italian " musicians," whose presence is a disgrace alike to the sordid parents who sell them, the vile speculators who buy them and live upon their earnings, and the cities that tolerate this infamous exportation a parcel of wretched unprotected children, seeing a gentleman carelessly leaning over one of the stone parapets of the Tuileries gardens, gathered on the pavement below, and set up the discordant jingle of their harps and violins, in the hope of seeing a few sous thrown down to them. The gentleman bore the inflic- tion quietly for a minute or two, threw down a napoleon to the poor little wretches, and saun- tered away, recognised by the persons who happened to have seen the incident, as the Emperor. Such little incidents which are perpetually occurring, are surely the most con- clusive answer to those who so diligently invent and propagate "cock-and-bull" stories of the " unpopularity" of the Emperor and his family. — Paris Correspondent of the Herald OUR FAIR FLESH AND BLOOD.— We are indebted to the Pall Mall Gazette for making us aware that one of the speakeresses at the Man- chester Suffrage Meeting spoke of being "heavily weighted by nature." Do ladies who are a trifle to embonpoint (that, we believe is the correct word in fiction) expect that the franchise — when they get it — amongst other marvellous charms, will make them thin ? If so, there will be an end to the strong resistance which they seem disposed to make to the many grievances of which they are the pitiable victims. THE MOON AND THE WEATHER.— If any marked connexion existed between the state of the air and the aspect of the moon, it must inevitable have forced itself unsought upon the attention of meteorologists. In the weekly re- turn of births, deaths, and marriages, issued by the Registrar General, a table is given, showing all the meteorological elements for every day of the year, and a column is set apart for noting the changes and positions of the moon. These reports extend backward nearly a quarter of a century. Here, then, is a repertory of data that ought to reveal at a glance any such connexion, and would cetainly have done so had it existed. But no constant relation between the moon columns and those containing the instrument readings has ever been traced. Our meteorological observatories furnish continuous and unbroken records of atmospheric variations, extending over long series of years ; these afford still more abundant means for ascertaining the validity of the lunar hypothesis. The collation has frequently been made for special points in the inquiry, and certainly some connexion has been found to obtain between certain positions of the moon in her orbit and certain instrumental averages ; but so small are the effects traceable to lunar influence that they are almost inappreciable among the grosser irregularities that arises from other and as yet unexplained causes.— Once a Week. A MERITED REWARD.— A physician, much attached to his profession and his own skill, during his attendance on a man of business, observing that the patient was very punctual in taking all his medicines and following his rules, exclaimed, in the pride of his heart, "Ah, my dear sir, now you deserve to be ill !" Printed and Published by the Proprietors, ARCHIBALD CAMPBELL and JOSEPH HART, at "THE ILLA- WARRA MERCURY," General Letter Press Printing Office, corner of the Market-square, Wollongong, Illawarra, on Tuesday, August 25th, 1868. 