SEA SPRAY AND SMOKE. DRIFE. By the Auth:r of "Ashtaroth," hielbocrne: George Rtobertaon. There never was a time, perhaps, when there were so many versifiers and so few poets, as at the present day. It is right to add, however, that numbers of those who only pass for versifiers now, would have been accepted as poets a century ago. Indeed, one has only to turn up any collective edition of the British poets, in order to per ceive how very modest was the standard of excellence et up by those who edited such collections for the instruction and delectation of our great grandfathers and great grand mothers. The Bromes, the Pitts, the YaldenP, the Dyer-, the Armstrongs, and the Pbhillipses, whom Johnson and Chalmers recognised as worthy of a place upon the muster roll of our national poets, would not be admitted among the dii minores of our own time. Even Southey is pooh-poohed, Cow per undervalued, and Crabbe neglected. We have grown fastidious and ezigeant. A generation which is familiar with Byron, Wordsworth, Shelley, Keats, Moore, Tenny son, and the Broxniagi; not to speak of Scott, Rogers, Campbell, Ingelow and Swin burne, and fity lesser luminaries, has acquired the right to be dainty in its tastes and critical in Its judgments. Every-day fare will not satisfy our literary appetites. Consequently, when a new writer presents himself for examination, we are apt to be rather particular about his credentials, and to hesitate about endorsing his title to admis sion within the privileged circle of the Ioets. It was in this scrupulous spirit that we ad dressed ourselves to the critical perusal of the slender volume bforo us. The title was lanciful, woe had never heard either of "Ashtaroth " or of its author; and although the writer of this review had been informed that some of the verses now reprinted had originally appeared in Bell's Life, lhe can truly aver that he had never seen them, and neither knew the name nor the person of the writer. Consequently we sat down to the book in a perfectly unbiassed frame of mind; or, if not unbiassed, with a sort of belief that we weore about to endure for the fiftieth time the crude experimesnts in verse of some unfledged poetaster, who had set up for a genius on the strength of his being able to \- tag some passable rhymes in six and eight. After reading two or three stanzas of the first poem, however, we became interested in it. There was no mistaking the distinctive impress of the gentleman and scholar; and, as we read on, we discovered that not only did be possess an ear attuned to rhythm, but that his langusage had a lyrical flow, and his epithets a picturesqueness and vigour, as charming as onexpected. He describes with an animation, a vividness, and a force and telicity of diction which show that he has been accustomed like Bossuet, to " light his lamp at the son" of Homer. There is, in fact, the trus Homeric ring in the two fol lowing veres:- " Swift assault and sudden sally Underneath the Trojan wall ; Charge, and ceoutercharge, and rally, Mar cry loud and trumpet call; Doubtful strain of desperate battle, Cut and thrust and Prappie deice, Swords that ri?g on shields that rattle,' Blades that gash and darts that pieree: " I have done with these for ever; By the loud resounding sea, r Where the reedy avrlins qniver, There is now no place for me. Day by day our ranks diminish, We are falling day by day; But our sons the strife will fanlsh, Where man tarries, man must slay." In contrast with these resonant and spirited verses, let us quote those in which the dying warrior addresses himself to Briseis. It is surely unnecessary to point out the tender ness of feeling which breathes through them : 13, " Dry those violet orbs that glisten, Darling, I have had my day; Place yror hand in mine and listen, Ere the strong soul cleaves ia way Through the death miat hovering o'er me, As the stout ship cdleaves tha ware, To my fathers, gone before me, To the gods who love the brave I 14. " Co:rage, we mst past for certain; Shades that sink and shades that rite, Blending in a ahrrud.like curtain, Gather o'er these weary ayes. O'er the fields we used to roam, in Brighter days and lighter cheer, GOtters thus the quiet gloaming, sow, I ween the eLd is near. 15., " For the hand that clasps your fingers, Closing in the death.grip tight, Ecarcely feels the warmth that lingers, Scarcely heeds the preasure light; WVhile the failing pulse that alters, Changing 'neath a death-chill damp, Fiickert, flatter, fags, and falte:e, Feebly, like a waning lmp. 16. " Thinkst thou, love, 'twill chafe my ghost, in iades' realm where heroes shi e, Should I hear the shepherd boasting To his Argire concubine f Let Lim boast thegirlish v ctor, Let him brag; act thts, I tror, Were the laurels torn from Hector, Not so very long ago. 17, " Does my rvoce sound thick and husky ? Is ay hand no longer warm : Round that neck where pearls look dusky Let me once more wind my arm ; Restamy head upon that shoulder, Where it rested oft of yo:e; Warm and white yet seeming colder Now than e'er st seem'd before', The whole scene is brought visibly before the eyes of the reader; Achilles raising himself painfully from his couch, gazing into the eyes of Briseis with the yearning look of one lrom?.hose eyes everything around him is ' rapidly lading away, and clinging with a passionate tenacity to the heart he loves, while he is drifting out of life; "And his spirit seem to roll With the tide of swift Scamander, Ruthing to a viewless goal." We can even forgivre the comet hat redundant alliteration at the end of the fifteenth stanza, because each verb is so well chosen, and de scribes with snch technical nccuracy the vacillating action of the failing pulse. The verses entitled "Gone," commemorative of T the splendid exploit of O'Hara Burke, although they have not the sustained power which distinguishes the poem we have just quoted from, contain some fine quatrains. Hete is one which depicts the arid inferior of Australia by a few decisive touches: "What matters the sand or the whitening chalk, The blighted herbage, the black'aing log, The crooked beak of the eaglthawk, Or the hot red tongue of ,the native dog 'i The elements of the picture are few and simple; but, if see substitute "blinding" for "whitening " chalk, nothing is wanting to its completeness--the glare of the weary plain, its sun-burnt turlace, unbroken by any object hut come fragments of charred timber or a gaunt and thirsty dingo, and the only speck upon the sky a bird of prey waiting to swoop down upon its quarry. The author I of "Sea Spray and Smoke Drift" is never turgid or pretentious. ThIere is no fine writing in this volume. iHe evidently knows that strength and sweetness are perfectly compatible with simplicitv, and he ,nakes aa copious use of mouosyllables, therein follow. ing the example of some of our greatest, poets. It is, to our thinking, not the least merit of the verses subjoined that nearly eleven-twelliths of the words emlnloyed are words of one syllable: " With the pistol clenched in his failing hand, With thie death milstaspread o'er his lading eyes, lhe saw thie sun go dewnt on the sand, And he slept, and never saw it rite; 'Twas well; he toiled till his task was done, Constant and calm In hIis latest throe, The storm was weathlered, thie battle was won, When he went, my friends, where we all must go. '1 God grant that whenever, soon or late, Our course Is run, and our goal is reach'd, \Ye may meet our fato as steady and straight, As he whoane bones in yon desert bleach'd; No tears are needed-bar clieeks ae dry, We hIave none to waste upon 1 ring woe; Shall we sigh for one who has ceased tousigh, Ilhtvlig goneo my friends, where we all must . . . . In narratves of sporting adventure, our author is especially at home. They might have been written in toe raddle, under the immediate inspiration of a brilliant burst, and all the exhilarating influences of an ex citing gallop. The poem entitled "By Flood and Field " will not suffer by com parison: with -Robert Browning's ' How they brought the good news from Ghent to Aix ;" and is as good as the best of Mr. Thornbury's "Sings of the Cavaliers and Boundheads;" while the extract from "Lex Talionis," cited below shows the strong.grasp which the writer's imagination has on the salient points of the scene which he describes with such concise force and vivid picturesqueness: " Ah !friend, did you think when the ' London' sank. Timber by timber, plank by plank, In a eauldron of boiling surf, How alone at least, with never a flinch, In a rally contested inch by inch. You could fall on the trampled turf ? When a livid wall of the sea leaps high, In the lurid light of a leaden sky, And bursts on the quarter railing; While the howling storm.goat seems to ijs With the crash of splinter d beams that 4 Yet fails too oft to smother the cry Of women and children wailing Then those who listen in sinking ships, to despairing sobs from their loved one's lips, Where the green wave thus slowly shatters, May long for the crescent claw that rips The bison into ribbons and strips, And tears the strong elk to tatters." In the " Rippling Water" and the " Sun light on the Sea," the same effective use has been made of a soothing or of a solemn re frain, which Mrs. Browning resorted to in the "Rhymeof the Duchess May." The se cond of the two lyrics we hare named is one of the best in the volume, both as regards form and substance. It has for its subordi nate title, "The Philosophy of a Feast," and purports to be addressed by a reveller to his comrades while the sun is dropping down behind the sea, and "the lights are growing dim," and the melancholy gloaming brings with it sadand tender thoughts of the absent and the dead, alternating with flashes of mer riment and transitory efforts to banish the sombre reflections which obtrade themselves perforce upon the speaker's mind. Here end there we alight upon a thought, or come upon an expression worthy of the author of "In Memorism," as in the following stanzas : " I miss the form of one I know (Thesunlight wanes upon the set) 'Tis not so very lone ago We drank his health with three times three, And we were gay when he was here; And he is gone and we are gay; Where has he cone ? or far or near! Good sooth, 'twere somewhat hard to say. You glance aside, you doubtless think My homily a foolish whim, 'Twill soon be ended, eat ard drink, The lights are growing dim. "The fruit is ripe, the wine is red, (The sunlight fades upon the sea), To us the absent are the dead, The dead to us must absent-be. We, too, the absent ranks must join : And friends will censure and forget. There's metal base in every coin; ?Men vanish, leaving traces yet Of evil and of good behind, Since false notes taint t'te skylark's hymn, And droEs still lurks in gold refined The lights are growing dim. "'We eat or drink or e'er we die,'. (The sunlight flashes on the sea). Three hundred soldiers feasted high An hour before Thermopylmo; Leonidas pour'd out the wmnne;-, And shouted ere he drained the cup, 'lHo ! comrades, let us gaily dine, This night with Plato we shall sup;': Ansd if they leant upon a reed, And if their reed was slight and siim, There's something good in Spartan creed, The lights are growing dim, " Make merry, comrades, eat and drink, . (The sunlight flashes on the sea), My spirit is r' joiced to think That eoven as they were so are we; For they, like us, were mortals vain, The slaves to earthly passion wild, Who slept with heaps of Persians slain For winding sheets around them piled. The dead men's deeds are living still My Festive speech is somewhat grim Their good obliterates their ill, The lights are growing dim. " We eat and drink, we come and go, (The sunlight dies upon the sea) I speak in riddles. Is it so siy riddles need not mar your glee; For I will neither bid you share 1.y thoughts, nor will I b!d you shun, Though I should see is yonder chair, Th' Egyptian's maffln d skehton. One toast with me, your glasses fill, Aye, fill them level with the brim, De rmortuis, nisi bonum, nilt? The lights are growing d.m." Whether he describes the tumult of strife, the impetuosity of the chase, the repose of sculpture (as in "Bellona") or translated into verse the language of the pencil (as in "Delilah") the author of these poems is rarely careless and never weak. flow graphic and compact is this picture of the goddess of war; " Thou art moulded in marble ImpassliveP, Foaise goddess, fir statue of strife, Yet stalndest on pedestal mnrsive, A symbol and token of life. Thou art still, not winh stillnees ot Ilngour, And calm, not with calm boding reat; For thine is all wrath and all anger That throbs for and near tin the breast Of men, by thylp presence posses'd. "With the brow of af lhen arehangel, The hlips of a beautiful floed, And locks that are snoake-like to strangle,. And eyes from whose depth may be glean'd The presence of passions that tremble Unhiddee, yet shine as they may Through features too proud to dissemble, Too cold and too calm to betray Their secrets to creatures of clay," H'Iere is a companion piece, descriptive of Samson in the toils of 1lelilab." " Oh I .fork't-tongue of adder, by her pent In smooth lips I-oh, Sybarite blind I Oh, woman allied to the serpent I Oh, beauty with venom comblied i Oh, might overcoming the mighty i . Olh;glory deparsugl oh, shame I Oh, saltar of flae Aphrcdite, I What strentglt is Ieonsiumd in thy flame " Strong chest, where her drapery rustles, Strong limbs by her black treases hid; Not alous by the might of your muscles, Yon lion was rent like a hid I The valour from virtue that sunders. Is refs of its nobler part; And Lancelot's arm may work wonders, fBat brave Is Galslhd's heart."' As a writer of rers de socicie, that species of composition in which Praed excelled and Locker shines, our author unites delicacy of thought and vivacity of feeling with grace and fluency of expression; so that while In his more ambitious productions-in those which depict strong pavoion or scenes of stirring interest, be displays what wo may term the sturdy muscle of his mind; he ox hbibits in the former that sensitive nerve and vibrator] fibre, without which the nature of the true artist-be he poet, painter, sculptor, or actor-is incomplete.-llcrald. 