ITEMS OF NEWS. The first of the benefit concerts in connection with the Mechanics' Institute will be given in the hall to-morrow evening. A programme has been compiled on the same plan as the one that closed the series with the most successful concert of the season. Every reading will be followed by two pieces of music, which order will be sus- tained until the programme has been exhausted. Thus it is found that by giving the great prepon- derance to the popular element the concerts be- come most attractive, which being the aim sought it is hoped that the benefit will be a substantial one. Miss Beddoe has rendered important ser- vices in the music during both the past and the former season, and she has, by her artless man- ner and sweet quality of voice, succeeded in mak- ing herself a great favourite with the audiences that attend the institute. She is set down for three songs, as is also Miss Howson, and as Dr Mackenzie and Mr Carty likewise sing, the music from first to last will be of an agreeable order. The readers have been chosen with discrimination, and from the appearance of the programme it should be worthy of the occasion for which it has been compiled. At the Police Court yesterday the business was of no public importance beyond the granting of a temporary license to Mr Wm. Howe for the racecourse. The numerical return of prisoners confined in Her Majesty's Gaol, Castlemaine, for the week ending 22nd inst: Waiting trial, Supreme Court, 2 males ; magistrates, 2 males ; under sentence — hard labour, 38 males, 4 females ; imprison ment, 14 males ; fines, 2 males, 1 females ; bail, 2 males, 1 female. Total, 60 males, 6 fe- males. The following is the return of traffic on the Victorian lines of railway, for the week ending Nov. 19th, 1868 : — Passengers, 15,542 ; corres ponding week, 1807, 13,040. Total receipts for the week, £12,979 10s 3d ; which is made up as follows : — Murray line, £0980 7s 10d ; Williams- town line, £1357 11s 2d ; Ballarat line £4641 11s 3d. Corresponding week in 1867, £12,495 10s 2d. A fatal accident happoaed this morning to a minor named George Hookway, who in descending an old shaft in Manton's Gully, Maldon, by some means lost his hold, and was precipitated to the bot- tom of the shaft in which there is above 18 foot of water. Dr Byrn promptly attended, but could do nothing the unfortunate man being so bruised, and hurt by the fall that he was rendered incapable of saving himself from being smothered. The following is the programme of music to be performed by the Volunteer Band at the Market Hall this evening, under the direction of Mr Huenerbein, commencing at eight o'clock : — Napoleon March, by A. Parlow ; quadrille, The Royal Irish, Jullien; duet, Light in the East is Glowing, Glover; waltz, Welcome to Prince Alfred, A, Huenerbein ; polka, Echo du Mont Blanc, Jullien ; selection from La Traviata, Verdi ; Glorioso Galop, Helmsmuller ; God Save the Queen. Statemont of receipts: and expenditure of the late tea meeting held in the Market Hall, Nov. 11th, in aid of the funds of the Ladies' Com mittee of the Benevolent Asylum. Expenditure : Dr. — To labour, £2 17s 6d ; hire of tank, teapots, &c.;, £1 6s ; hire of timber, &c.;, £2 10s 4d ; hire of crockery, breakage, &c.;, £1 11s 6d ; printing, 17s 6d; sundries, 7s 6d. Total, £9 10s 4d. Balance paid hon. treasurer, £59 16s 6d. Cr. — By sale of 404½ tickets, £40 9s ; cash taken at doors, £9 12s 6d ; subscriptions in aid, £19 5s 4d, Total, £69 6s 10d. A meeting of the Sandon and Campbelltown selectors' association was held at the residence of Mr Thomas Spinks, Campbelltown, on Monday evening. There were present, Messrs House (chairman), Kirwan (Secretary), Crisp, McDonald, James, Kneal, Rochford, Burke, Robinson, Wat son, Bacon, and Spinks. The number of mem bers of the ascociation was considered encourag ing, and the evidence of great public spirit shown in a place that has sprung up within the last two years, under the benign influence of the 42nd section. Messrs Kirwan and House were unani mously chosen to represent the association at the proposed conference on the 1st proximo, and from the number of associations now forming a strong and influential representation of the selectors is anticipated. Last evening the pupils, of the Castlemaine Grammar School (Mr R. N. Hobart, principal) gave an entertainment in the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute, and that gentleman cannot regard other than highly complimentary the large attendance and the liberal, and we might add deserved, applause afforded the boys who bowed their first appearance. The system of semi- examinations by means of entertainments is now an admitted auxiliary to the aids called .in by those having charge, of the education of the young. The adopting of the system by Mr Hobart is an admission of its usefulness. The following is the progmmme gone throug last night; — Pianoforte, Overture. Master Jos. Brown; reading; The Young Orator, Crawcour ; dialogue, The Magic Lamp, H. and R. Moss ; reading, Leonidas, Jno. Brown ; pianoforte, Maritana, Crawcour; reading, Casablanca, Isaacs; read ing, The Queen's Letter, Richards:; recitation, Incident in the French Camp, Jos. Brown ; pianoforte, Stonewall Jackson's March, H. Smith ; recitation, Israel's Destiny, Heron ; recitation, The Charge of the Six Hundred, Froomes ; dialogue, the Irish Servant, Cam bridge and Gamble; pianofore, The Flight of the Fairies, Crawcour ; reading, the Spanish Champion, Slattery ; recitation, The Half Hun dred; O'Connell; recitation, A Song for the Dog, Day ; pianoforte. Fantasia from Rossini, Jos. Brown ; recitation, Horatius, Callaway; dialogue, Fortune Telling, Froomes and Adair ; recitation, The Downfall of Poland, Cadwallader ; pianoforte. Rondeau Sur une Danse Espagnole, Crawcour ; reading, Hohenlinden, Watson ; reading, The Landlord Outwitted, Farroll; piano- forte, Smith ; dialogue, The Student and Farmer, Cambridge and Cadwallader. There are two or three of the pieces which, without wishing to appear invidious where young folk are concerned, must be mentioned. Master Smith, for instance, played Stonewall Jackson's March in a very careful and correct manner, but Master Crawcour displayed a proficiency that for his age was nothing short of surprising. Master Brown is also a remarkable musician. The Charge of the Six Hundred always com- mends itself to an audience, and Master Froomes was honoured with a hearty recall on reciting it ; but Master Day was decidedly the elocutionist of the evening, In making a marked reference to these pieces, we again repeat that the other part of the programme was gone through in a most meritorious manner. A public meeting of selectors of land under the 12th and 42nd sections of the Amending Land Act, was held at Mew's Five Mile Tavern, when there was a large attendance. Mr James Ellis was voted to the chair, and Mr J. Williamson was appointed Secretary, Mr Williamson moved the first resolution, viz. " That in the opinion of this meeting it should be urged upon the Govern- ment and members of Parliament, that in cases where the bona fides, of selectors are shown by improvements and settlement, that all rents from date of selection, paid, or to pay, under the 12th and 42nd sections of the Amending Land Act, less 6 per cent., form part of purchase money and when one half of such money be so paid, the said 6 per cent. be charged on the remaining half only and that (except in cases of land of exceptional value) the price of such land be one pound per acre, with the right of purchase with- out auction ; " and urged upon the meeting the necessity of combining together for the purpose of agitating and laying their claims before the Government, who had shown their willingness to grant all just claims of the selectors, and only wanted, to know what they really did want. And the only way they could do so was to ap- point a delegate to attend the conference of delegates of the various societies to be held at the Albion Hotel on the first of December. The resolution was seconded by Mr Hutchinson and was carried unanimously. Mr Reed moved, and Mr Thurgood seconded the next resolution : That the rent of all lands under the 42nd sec- tion be two shillings per acre. Carried. Mr J. Williamson was appointed delegate to attend the conference to he held in Melbourne on the 1st of December. A committee of gentlemen was formed for the purpose of carrying out the fore- going resolutions, consisting of Messrs Jnmes Ellis, Martin, Reed, Williamson, Hutchinson, Broadfield, Faull, Thurgood, Goudge, Townley, Place, Robinson, Johnson, Poxon, Vallence, Alex. Gibson, Wm. Gibson, and Stewart. After some routine business the meeting separated with a vote of thanks to the chairman, The only cases at the Maldon Police Court, yes terday, were:— Great Southern Quartz Mining Co. v Podgi, calls, 30s ; no appearance of defendant ; Mr Harcourt, for the company, obtained a verdict, and 16s costs. Same v Hodge, calls, £9 12s ; debt admitted ; verdict for the amount, nnd 16s coats. The Creswick Advertiser says, in furtherance of a proposal mode at the late dinner of the Smea- ton, Spring Hill, and Bullarook Agricultural, Society, a meeting was held on the 21st instant, at Daly's Star hotel, Smeaton, (Mr P. Curtin in the chair) for initiating proceedings towards pre-, senting Mr R. Macey, the Secretary of the Society, with a testimonial. It was unanimously agreed that Mr Macey's services as secretary, were so much beyond mere duty would call on him to render, that a substantial testi- monial was more than due to him — that the eminent success of the late Show was largely due to his exertions — that this fine agricultural district would now be far from holding the lead- ing position it does in the eyes of the public without his long continued exertions in con- nexion with the Society. What may happen to a man in Victoria ! An instance came under the Advertiser's notice last evening, at once showing the inordinate love; possessed by a certain Class for jewellery, and the aptitude of some men for getting themselves out of a delimma. A Ballaratarian visiting Geelong by the cheap excursion train on Saturday, devoted himself during his stay on Sunday to the services of Bacchus, and quickly got rid of all his available cash. On Monday morning he arrived at the terminus just in time to see the train for which his ticket was available turning the curve en route for the golden city. Here was a pretty go ! He had no cash and he know no person in Geelong. What was he to do? He had a handsome pin in his scarf, but part with that ! No sirree ! Our good stranger liked to be the swell and without the pin he would be nowhere. Suddenly a thought struck him, if he waited until the evening train none would notice his feet and he could be hail fellow well met with the best of them. Back he trudges into town, and in the evening treading softly up to the ticket-box he with a voice of authority asked for a ticket. Where did he get the money? we hear asked. Reader, he had sold his boots. Criminal assaults, and particularly upon young girls, are unfortunately becoming of frequent oc- currence in this colony, and scarcely week passes without some case being reported. On Saturday, a German named Louis Pondt was given into custody., at Geelong, on a charge of assaulting with intent to commit a rape on Emma Jane Woolvett, aged four- teen years, who resides at Cowie's Creek. The particulars furnished by the Advertiser are that the girl was returning home from the Wesleyan Chapel , which she had been cleaning out, about 10 o'clock in the morning, when she was met on the road by the prisoner, who asked her to read a letter for him which she was proceeding to do, when he caught hold of her and dragged her through a fence off the road, and took her to a large waterhole, now dry. At this place he threw her down and attempted the offence, when she screamed, and he then took hold of her throat, and threatened to choke her unless she kept quiet. She struggled, and ultimately es- caped from him. She ran home, her parents' house being only about 500 yards distant, and told her father of what had occurred, who immediately started in pursuit of the man, and overtook him about a mile away. He took him back to the house, and there detained him until the arrival of Constable Mangavin, who had been sent for, and who conveyed him to the lock-up. The Hamilton Spectator is responsible for the fol- lowing singular case : — " We are informed on what we believe to be reliable authority, that a young unmarried woman named Shields, who is servant in the family of Mr Miller, schoolmaster at Skipton, has become the subject of a very remarkable and equally inconvenient phenomenon. It seems that some time since, while out in the bush, she drank some water out of a waterhole, being, we presume, impelled to that rash act rather by thirst than by choice. About three weeks ago she felt something moving in her inside, and shortly afterwards both herself and her friends were surprised to hear the croaking of a frog, the sound evidently proceeding from the girl's body. Our informant assures us that there can be no mistake about this, as several people have attested to the truth of the story. Early last week Dr Maxwell, of Skipton, called to see the patient, as it was feared that she herself might 'croak,' if not properly attended to. The doctor ad- ministered some medicine, which had the effect of disgusting froggy, who for a time knocked off croak- ing. On Friday, however, he commenced again, and for all we know may still be teasing his unwilling patroness. We have heard before of a case some- what similar to this, but we are not aware whether the phenomenon has been sufficiently authenticated. The annual meeting of the Victorian Branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held on Monday afternoon, writes the Herald, at the offices of the society in Swanston-street ; the Rev. George Mackie in the chair. The report for the past year was read by the secretary, the Rev. Mr Wade, to the general effect that the committee regretted not being in a position to report so favourably regarding the affairs of the society as during the previous year, owing to the recent political difficulties, and con- sequent want of money. The proceeds of sales for the past year amounted to £2116 14s 3d., including cash sales at the central depot and cash from the agencies. Tracts to the extent of 35,000 had been distributed among tha different local societies, show- ing an increase of 2000 over the grants of the pre- ceding year. In addition to this, books valued at £2 had been granted to the Benevolent Asylum, The stock on hand at the depot on 31st of October last amounted to £2470 19s ; in the hands of agents, £302 3s 9d ; making a total of £2779 2s 9d ; being £215 9s more than reported last year. The com- mittee had also expressed an intention of doing away with some of the agencies. The total of cash returns from agencies for the past years is quoted in the re- port as £418 13s 7d, being £93 8s 7d below the sales of the preceding year. In the financial condition of the society the committee also report a falling-off. The amount received in subscriptions of 10s and upwards is £288 15s 6d, and in smaller sums £153 1s 2d, making a total of £441 16s 8d, less than the former year by £78 3s 1d. There is therefore a re- ported balance in the hands of the treasurer amount ing to £102 10s 6d. The Rev. G. Matthew then moved the adoption of the report, which, was car- ried unanimously. On the motion of the Rev. Mr Strongman, the retiring office- bearers were re-elected with the exception of Mr Muir, whose vacancy was filled up by Mr R. Harper. After the usual devo- tional exercises, the meeting separated. " It has been known for some time " says the Geelong Register "that an unusually large and ferocious shark frequents Corio Bay, but we were scarcely prepared for such particulars as we received on Saturday afternoon, from Antonio, a Sicilian, and well known fisherman in Geelong. It appears that on Friday, about three p.m., Antonio, with two other, fishermen, were on the hay in a boat almost thirty feet long, which Antonio was steering with an oar, when he observed the shark, an enormous monster, described as over twenty feet long, rushing directly at the boat. Tho oar, which was being used as a rudder, entered its mouth, which the shark broke like a match, carrying away about five feet of it, and struck the boat so heavily that one half of it was lifted completely out of the water. The men— ex- perienced fishermen— and Antonio, well , acquainted with sharks in other parts of the world, acknowledge that they were never struck with such terror before. To use their own words, they felt as white as a piece of paper. Had the boat been of lighter build it must have been overturned, and little chance the three men would have had if once in the natural element of the monster which attacked them. It will be re- membered that four years since a young man, Mr Warren, junior, was cruising in the bay, when his dog fell into the water. Mr Warren, who was an excellent swimmer, immediately jumped in after it. He, however, suddenly disappeared, and his body was never found. It is the belief of our informant that he was swallowed by a shark, probably the one above referred to, which has been well-known to the fishermen from that time. On another occasion the same fishermen who related the above killed a shark six feet long, which they captured in their nets, and, according to custom, threw it into the water, when almost immediately, and whilst it was still close to the boat, the larger shark rushed at and seized the dead fish, almost capsizing the boat in so doing. If the corporation would incur the necessary expense, the fishermen would undertake its capture. There is such a natural antipathy between sailors and sharks that the work would be entered upon con amore, and no doubt ultimately a good account would be given of a monster which is rapidly becoming the terror of the bay." A lady auctioneer— Mrs Yems— has commenced business in Taranaki. We (Ballarat Star), ore informed that Mr King's money difficulties began with the late political dead- look, to which so many members of the Civil Service owed their ruin. It is not, however, pretended that the late postmaster can attribute all his ruin to the same cause." A private letter from Dunedin states that the late news from the seat of war has occasioned great excitement, and not a little wrath there. The general Government is blamed for these disasters, and it is not forgotten that the apparently mistaken encouragement given to the Maories by Sir George Grey and Bishop Selwyn has had a great deal to do with the spirit which the rebels are exhibiting. Raw recruits are being embodied in Dunedin, and sent forward to the North Island, but the greater number of them have never before handled a musket. Yet, unprepared as they are, they are at once marched off to the front. A " mare's nest " was discovered the other day in Geelong by some official connected with the office of the Inspector of Distilleries. Information it seems, was received in Melbourne that an illicit still was in full occupation in an unoccupied store it the corner of Yarra and Malop streets, formerly occupied by Whitelaw and Co. On this an officer was sent down to make a raid on the premises, but upon visiting the place, be made the important discovery that it was a vinegar manufactory. The proprietor of the shop has lately been making ex- periments with a view of permanently establishing a vinegar manufactory, but was keeping it quiet until his experiments resulted in success. The chagrin of the officer sent down to make this im- portant discovery may be imagined. The once-powerful Barrabool tribe of aboriginals now reduced to two, is not to be allowed to pass away without a memorial. The late mayor of Geelong (Mr R. de B. Johnstone) has, at his own expense, provided a tomb to mark, the spot where King Jerry, and some of his followers, lie buried. The stone is of Batesford limestone, ornamented on the upper face with carvings representing two spears and a boomerang. In the centre is a marble tablet, with the following inscription; — "Tomb of King Dan Dan Nook (Jerry) chief of the Barrabool tribe (Rev. vii. 9), buried . . . Jumbo Moore, or Nook (Timbo), died 25th Dec., 1866 ; Dick, died; Feb. 24, 1862. Jemmy Nelson, died 25th April, 1866 ; Harry Gore, died 25th March, 1868. Erected in remembrance of the above, the last of the Barra- bool tribe, by R. de B. J." When the names and dates of decease of King Jerry and Billy are added, the tomb will be placed in its position. Saturday's Daylesford Mercury says : — " Last week some miners in the Corinella Paddock had a remarkable escape from instant death. They were working in a heavily timbered drive, the ground above which appeared perfectly solid and would have been pronounced safe by the most experienced. At the usual dinner hour they retired into a chamber about forty feet from the place where they had left their picks, when suddenly, and without the slightest warning, the whole of the superincumbent earth fell in bodily, smashing the props and cap-pieces like so many laths. It is a very uncommon event for a mine to cave in without some premonitory indica- tions, and frequently the timber may be heard crack ing for days before it finally giveaway. The only explanation offered of the anomaly is that, in the present instance the water from a race overhead had percolated through the strata intervening between the surface and the drive." We take the following from the Darling River correspondence of the Pastoral Times : — " There is no word yet of any inquiry being made into the cause of the death of the late Dr Hill, whose body was found about a month since near Cambedore, in the river, with a bridle around his neck. It would ap- pear — if there was no foul play — that he was going across the river for his horse, and that the bridle must have got entangled in the weeds and drowned him. But why should he put the bridle around his neck ? Both the Wilcannia and Bourke police were apprised of the case, but neither appears to have taken notice of it. There was another body of a man, name unknown, found at Wee-water Springs, on the road leading from this river to the Paroo. He appeared to be a man of about sixty years of age, stout build, quite grey, and clean shaved ; he had a pocket book, in which there was £1 14s 6d, and memorandum—' Left Bililla on the 7th of October.' His swag was heavy, consisting of two pairs of blankets, one Scotch kilt, oil bottles of medicine, box of pills, &c.; He had just put on a new pair of trousers, and was, it would appear from his position, in the act of putting on one of his boots, when he fell forward on his face, in which position he was found." A friend who had an interview with a passenger from Cape York, has communicated the following to Gladstone Observer :— The Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count on board, put into Somerset (Cape York), on or about the 5th of August. On being boarded by the police boat, he made inquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and on being answered in the affirmative became agitated and eagerly inquired about her movements, but ap- peared relieved when, told that the vessel was H.M.S. Virago, and that she had left the settle- ment in January. He remained eight days, and during the whole time, kept a bright look out for vessels in the offing. The captain and crew were discharged in consequence of a row between the "Count" and the captain, in which revolvers were drawn. The crew refused to put the captain in irons. It appears that the Count had kept them in awe by threatening to give them twenty-five lashes aa-piece when he fell in with the Austrian frigate he was always expecting. The Acting-Police Magis- trate induced the crew to re ship under a fresh agreement, all but the captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port the Count was always dressed in the uniform of an Austrian cap- tain of cavalry, and wore a sword when on shore. He made a great display of the money he had with him, and purposely left bills of exchange lying about his cabin for visitors to see, many of which were, filled in for large amounts, and only wanted his signature. He succeeded in imposing upon the authorities, taking supplies for his vessel and paying for them in bills, which the holders would doubtless discover are about as valuable as drafts upon Ald- gate pump. Among those who were swindled are two naturalists, one named Thorpe. The Count bought stuff birds, &c.;, from them, to the amount of about £30, but some slight compunction must have touched him, for, contrary to custom, he paid them half cash and half by a bill. He sailed for Batavia on the eighth day, leaving letters for the captain of the Austrian frigate and his bankers in Sydney ! The frigate was ordered to follow him on to Timor. The captain he has with him is one Austin, late master of the brig Reliance, which was wrecked on the Solomon Group. He was picked up and brought into Bowen, whence he shipped as mate on board the Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after she left Somerest, the schooner Captain Cook arrived from Bowen, with a warrant for the arrest of the Count. 