TO CORRESPONDENTS. RELICS.—We have received several letters on this subject, besides those already published, but we think it undesirable to permit these columns to be made the medium of any further discussion of this question. While we are always ready to afford publicity to the observations of correspondents on passing events, whether of a political or religious character, we deprecate the treatment of this or any similar topic in a manner calculated to offend the religious convictions of a considerable section of our fellow-colonists. SCXDAT SCHOOLS.—Yesterday, to commemorate the thirty-fourth anniversary of the Sunday Schools connected with Brisbane-street congregation Church, sermons were preached in the Brisbane- street Chapel at 11 o'clock in the morning by the Rev. W. C. Robinson, and at half-past six by the Eev. J. Maxwell. In the afternoon a service specially for the children was conducted, at three o'clock, by the Eev. W. C. Eobinson. Special hymns wereselected for the occasion, and sung by the children. The different services were well attended. On Tuesday a tea meeting will take place in the school-room, at the usual hour. INQUEST. — An inquest touching the death of Henry Stokes, the lad who was killed on the previous day at Mr. Parker's Bark Mill, corner of Elizabeth and Collins-streets, took place on Saturday afternoon at 3 o'clock before A. B. Jones, Esq., and a respectable jury, of which Sir. Graham of Liverpoolstreet was foreman. The gentlemen summoned on this inquest assembled, and were sworn iu at Mr. Allen's, Royal Exchange Hotel, Campbell-street, from whence they proceeded to the Colonial Hospital to view the mangled remains of the deceased. This was a distressing sight to witness, as must be apparent from the description of the accident as it previously appeared in the columns of the Tasmanian Times. The jury next proceeded to view the Mill where the accident occurred. This they examined carefully in the presence of the persons who were at work on the premises at the time this sad occurrence took place. They made particular inquiries on the spot respecting the accident, from the young man who was working on the platform with the deceased, and who was with him engaged in feeding the Mill with broken bark. After making these inquiries, they retired with the Coroner to the parlour of the Ship Inn. Here they were bound over to attend nj-am on Tuesday next at 3 o'clock, at the Royal Exchange Hotel. The Coroner tlicn^avetlie parents an order for the removal of the body, with the view of making the necessary preparations for its interment. He also gave directions to the I'olice that the fragments of fl"sh and sinews, which remained on the platform of the Mili, should be likewise removed for interment. CRICKET.—A match was played on Saturday, in the upper cricket ground iu the Government domain, between tlie Law and Albert Cluba. The team of the former consisted of Messrs. Dodd, Peel, Chapman, Mitchell, l'edder, Sheehy, Cuthbert, R. Dobson, Geiss, Perry, and J. Morris; and the latter of Messrs. Hardinge, Reynolds, Propsting, W. Birch, Flexmore, Giblin, G. H. Birch, Cliapmau, J. Dodds, Freeman, and Hawson The Law Club. went into the wickets first, and scored in the first innings 146, and in the second lis. thus making a total in the two innings of 264. In the first innings the Albert Club scored but S6, but m the second they scored 144, thus uaading a total of 230 in both innings, and when they drew the stumps," at 15 minutes past 5 o'clock in the evening, in consequence of insufficient light, they had two wickets to go down, and Mr. J. Dodds had made 30 runs and was not out. He appeared to be in full play at the time. They then tossed for the ball, and the Albert Club became the winners. In this manner the game terminated. BATHERS BEWAKE.—On Saturday afternoon, about three o'clock, two huge sharks made their appearance in the fisherman's dock, attracted no doubt by the large quantity of dead fish and ofEal daily thrown iu there. A hook being properly baited, one of the sharks was caught and safely landed. He measured nine feet in leugtli, and twenty-seven inches in circumferenc. As a great many young lads are in the habit of bathing in the fisherman's dock, this ought to be a warning, for a shark of so large a size would at once despatch them. The other shark did not bite. The liver of the captured one made about three gallons of oil. H.R.H. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH.—We were shown yesterday a cast of the bust of H. R. H. Prince Alfred, with a nicely executed pedestal to match, the production of 31. Erancisco Sauti, of this city. The workmanship is first class and the likeness good, the price being moderate (one pouud each) we would recommend all lovers of art to visit M. Santi's Studio, 53, Collins-street, and secure one of the casts as a momento of H.R.H. Prince Alfred. BRICKFIELD'S DEPOT.—On Friday evening, an entertainment was gireu to the old men of the establishment by a number of lady and gentlemen amateurs, consisting of selections from Hamlet, recitations and songs. The actors were amateurs, aud, of course, that precludes criticism; suffice it to say, that the various parts were sustained with a considerable degree of ability, so much so, that every one present appeared highly delighted with the evening's amusement, and all passed off to the entire satisfaction of the old men and a large assemblage of visitors. We may Jmention that Mrs. Harward very kindly rendered her services upon this occasion and the scene in which she played, with Mr. Honey as Hamlet, deserves the greatest praise, and called forth considerable applause, in fact, all who took a i art in the entertainment did their utmost to please, and their exertions were deservedly appreciated and applauded. During the evening several musical selections were played by Messrs. Russell, Vautin, and Abbott, accompanied by a lady amateur on the pianoforte; it is needless to say that this part of the programme gave the greatest satisfaction, and each performance was received with cheers. At the conclusion of the entertainment the old men gave three cheers for the ladies and gentlemen who had so kindly rendered their services, Mr. Witherington and their'friend Mr. Vautin. The National Anthem was then sung, and the large assemblage was sent home in excellent spirits, one and all expressing their approval of the evening's amusement. The greatest praise is due to those who, from time to time, take part in the entertainments got up for the amusement of-the invalids of the Brickfield's; also to Mr. Witherington, the Superintendent of the establishment, for his exertions in decorating and preparing the large room for the comfort of the old men and their friends, ENGLAND EXPECTS EVERT MAN TO DO HIS DUTY. — Of this we were reminded by seeing No. 4298 of the London Times, issued Wednesday, October 3rd, 1798. Price 6d. The first thing that appeared striking was the smallness of its size compared with the size of the Times at present. The leading article contains an account of the action of the great British Admiral, who expressed the above sentiment, and whjph has since aroused mauy a BritonJajiEiionrwhicb has terminated in glorious success. The official notice of Admiral Kelson's action, nesr-^losetta had been received the preceding morning at IllfclocE;: It'Tras brouglit by the Hon. Captain Capel, who then commanded the Muline cutter, from the Admiral's flag ship. He mentioned that he was detained one day at Naples, on account of certain quarantine regulations there. The Park guns pealed out the intelligence of i this gTeat victory, and a messeuger was despatched to His Majesty, then at Weymouth, to apprize him of the feet before he went to rest. Those were not days of Bail ways, or Electric Telegraphs. This brief leading article is followed by the Gazette Extraordinary containing Nelson's despatch, aud while lie details what took place in this battle, lie imputes the success of the British arms to the blessing of tlie Almighty God. The Editor remarks that his narrative was far too short to satisfy the public mind, but it was written in true seaman style. He then mentions the wounds Nelson had received about the head, which caused that brave man the loss of an eye. The remaining portion of the information given by the Editor, as derived from Captain Capel, was to the people of England highly interesting, and was received with every demonstration of joy, although many brave Britons lost their lives in that action. This number at the Times contains a letter from General Ercnch to Captain Taylor, mentioning the attempt made by rebels in Ireland to distract the Government of the Country. The scenes of rebellion took place in tlie Counties of Mayo and Galway. This number also referred to an affair of honour, as it was then termed, which took place at Putney, in the neighbourhood of London, between two military officers, whose names are partially concealed. They were said to be Captain H and Colouel A , but not one word wa ssaid about the cause of the quarrel. A sad story was related of a person named John Banning, who killed one of a press gang, and then hanged himself, after writing to his sister and sweetheart, and bequeathing to them any property he liad. Tins paper shows most distinctly bj r comparison what great improvements have taken place in Great Britain during the last eighty years. RED TAPEISM.—The business at the police court is greatly and uselessly protracted by an absurd piece of red tapeism. When a party is now charged with an offence before the court, it is not deemed sufficient to ask him his name and residence, but he is asked his age, tLe place of his birth, where he was baptised, the names of his parents, how they came into the colony, and whether he is married or single. Why such questions are asked can scarcely be conjectured, and certainly some of them are not likely o be answered at all. Besides, many could not tell whether they were baptised at all, or where; and there are children who have been brought up respectably in this colony who could not tell under what circumstances their parents arrived here; and, although they may incidentally and not intentionally commit an offence against the law, it is not right to ask them before a crowd of such listeners, as are frequently to be met with in a police court, the question, "did your father come free or bond into the colony, ordid your mother do so." Reminiscences of t.Viig kind should not be made, nor should they be re- -corded to find their way into other public offices in the city. It is ridiculous to expect one of the overworked clerks under the government to record the strange answers he i* likely to get to questions that have the smack of impertinence anywhere, except it may be in a census, and even there they would have an indifferent appearance. PROTESTANT ALLIANCE.—On Friday evening a a large attendance of the members and friends of this institution took place at the Baptist Chapel, Harrington-street, when a lecture was delivered by the Rev. Mr. Lindsay. The chair was occupied by Mr. Geiss. The lecturer pointed out the nature of the union the members of the Alliance should be anxious to maintain. It was not union for political, but for religious purposes. The Alliance iras not designed to be an aggreisive organisation, whilst its members, as a compact body, were determined constitutionally to resist any aggressions wliichniight be attempted against them. He was happy to find that this movement was aDopular one, and one which originated with the working classes. He admired their earnestness—it argued well for the institution. They took one book as containing the principles of their compact. They might not all accord with each other as to forms of worship, or matters of Church discipline, but they held the same articles of faith, and the Holy Scriptures sanctioned no others. They believed they were by nature sinners, and that to save such, Christ came into the world, and endured poverty, shame and death —that they conld be saved by faith in him alone, without the slightest pretensions to personal meiit : or innate good, and, consequently, if they were made partakers of the blessings of the Gospel, it was through the agency of the Holy Ghost. He remarked that the faith of a christian was not a mere assent to a form of faith, but an entire reliance upon the finished work of Christ. The union he contended for was that which prevailed among the early Christian Churches ; aud this portion of his subject he elucidated by referring to apostolic directions and observations. He showed that it was not uniformity, but Christian Union they should attempt to maintain. This portion of his subject he illustrated by a reference to nature, and told a very interesting anecdote respecting Archbishop Usher, and an old soldier, with very good effect. After lecture the members of the Alliance and others who joined the institution retired to the schoolreom, where a most interesting meeting took place. Here, Mr. Brown occupied the chair, and Messrs. Ikin, Biggs, Davey. Lowe, McPherson, Hall, Stewart. McLean, JMillhouse, and others made useful observations, and the meeting was brought to a close soon after nine o'clock, by singing the National Anthem. Additional members were enrolled during tlie evening. 