Should there be any in Strathalbyn to whom the Southern Argus is a etranger, let them be assured it is not our fault. We have en deavored by every legitimate means to claim their attention, and at every suitable oppor tunity to serve their district. Hitherto there have been serious obstacles in our way. Our original publishing office at Port Elliot was separated from them by miles on miles of dreary scrub which was rarely traversed, and never with such an amount of physical satis faction as to induce a repetition of the attempt. Inadequate a9 were ths means, and not very encouragisg tJse responsej we have- always done our best to manifest a hearty apprecia tion of so promising a district as Strathalbyn. Ever since the Argus came into existence it has had the agreeable prospect of soon seeing the wall of separation between the East and the South broken down. That prospect was an element in the calculations of its- founder, and now that it is about to be realised the Argus would fain anticipate by a few months the union of tho two districts. Within a short period they will be practically one. A mutual interchange of interests and sym pathies will be- established between them. The agricultural progress of the East will be rejoiced over at Goolwa and Port Victor as at Strathalbya. Ths prosperity of the river trade will excite as lively sympathy among the Eastern farmers as among the shipping agents of Milang and Goolwa. The cereal produce of Strathalbyn will find a natural outlet to the Southern coast. By-and-bye, when the railway is extended towards the Bremer, the important mines in that quarter may receive a fresh stimulus through the diminished cost of carraige. Strathalbya will be the highway for light traffic between Adelaide and the river,, and for pleasore-seekerain search of marine beauty at Port V lliot. It will become the metropolis of the united district ; easily accessible from all directions, and proportionately interested in all that takes place around it. Foreseeing what it requires no prophetic eye to decipher, the Argus thinks it will best fulfil its original object by following the current of events. In Stratbalbyn it expects to find its natural centre of gravity ; the fulcrum on which it can obtain the greatest political leverage in the district. For this reason it has a little anticipated that final union which the opening of the^tramway must effect. Tempted by the energetic and liberal spirit of the people, it has taken up its home among them at short notice; before the new quarters have been completely furnished perhap?, and- the new connexion well grounded. But with a firm confidence in the future, it will be satisfied with moderate progress to begin with. The private assurances of encouragement we have received are pleasant auguries of the public support we venture to. anticipate. Though Strathalbyn is by no means cele brated for Us local grievances,. U may not find the championship of a local press superfluous. Go-a-head and self-reliant as it is, nevertheless it is not too vain to deny the possibility of further improvement. Much as it has accom plished in the past, it can hardly say that it has left nothing for the future. When more important tonics fail there will be the mail coach to'pitch into, and its passengers to warn, that they will get pitched out of it some day should providence spare it to die the violent death it so well deserves. When ' stuck-up ' for local matter we can always console our selves with the reflection how often Cobb's horses are in the same predicament. On the other side of the road is the electoral omnibus, which runs even worse than Cobb ; the head wheels being determined to part company with the Mount Barker pair, which are equally determined to have the best of the running to themselves. Seriously, there must be prompt attention given to that rickety concern if Strathalbyn politicians do not want to learn a nasty lesson on political dygnamies. At present they are playing a neck or nothing game with their two local candidates against the Mount Barker Dunn, who follows them as inexorably as the bailiffs do distressed debtors. The electoral atmosphere is quiet enough just bow, but will it last till the poll is over? Mount Barker is in the last batch, of elections — Nomination day, April 28 ;- and Election, May 4. Some close contests will occur in the second and third batches ; and more than cne of the- defeated candidates may be tempted to try his luck a second time, especially when so amiable a constituency as Mount Barker offers him a cheap opportunity. Already there are some considerable names among the ' frozen out gardenere' — Mr. J. P. Boucaut, the rejected of East Adelaide ; Mr. Skelton, originally of the Industrial League, and lately of Barossa ; and George M. Alien, the would be Satirist and disappointed spouter of ' On ! Stanley, On !:' In the next batch there may be another crop of contingencies. At West Torrens Mr. Strangways might sell his chances for a limited amount of the Queen's currency, did he not prefer as usual to fight it out with his antagonists. The reaction of his Width of Tires BUI is not unlikely to roll him in the dust ; thus do bullock-driving con stituents reward statesmen, for saying public money and road metal. At Gumeracha there is a swarm of ephemeral poll-parrots, aM bat two of which must get their withers wrung by the Returning Officer. In bis blandest official tones he. will inform them tbat they cannot ail get in for Gurneraeha. and that thuse who t don't should look out for ' fresh fields and '- pastures new.' In short the Gumeracha hive swarms on the 2 1st instant, and the branch colony may descend on Mount Barker — who knows ?- Ob the other side, there ar& ag ussal ratsors of war in Onkaparinga, and one distinguished candidate doea not disguise his danger of being brought to the hammer. Suppose he should, and immediately afteswards should; allow him self to be put up. again at ASount Barker. There is a nice list of possible dangers for Messrs. Cheriton and Rogers to ara.us.». them selves with, till the 2St.h instant. It is hardly conceivable but that some of these dilapidated assyrians will ' come down like a wolf in the. fold ' of Strathalbyn electors. And what are the shepherds to do: with the fold so divided against itself ?- A politisian of any note might split votes at both ends of the district, and endanger all three . local candidates ;, or he might ally himself to Mr. Dunn, and carry Mount Barker en. masse, which would be still more unsatisfactory for Stralbalbyn. There fore we- say that the electors should not wait Cjuietly for the nomination day ' to see what they will see.' If city rumors be worth any thing they may, see much more than they wish. Like the boy who expected a. visit from a ghost, they must have a. suitable speech ready wherewith to welcome intruders : and they must have a proper course of action resolved on.. The intruders, if they should present themselves,, will bode more harm to Strathalbvn than Mount Barker. The latter seems prepared to resign hersslf to any fate ; but the former has an ambitious scheme in its head, the motto of which is ' all or none.' Generally such ambition is more c: editable in theory than successful in practice.. Should these vague apprehensions- happen to be realised, some gcod mar ultimately come out of the evil. The absurdity and injustice of the present electoral system will be demon strated. And to the glaring' proof of this we may have to offer, other districts will be able to add still worse ones,, rendering the demand for reform so- long urged in vain, at last irresistable. An editor could desire no better grievance to flesh his sword in.. If, while it is being disposed of, our new constituents can furnish us with a fresh supply, they will have it returned in the shape of good wholesome reading. Bnt should the existing scarcity of grievances continue, then we must fall b»'k on speculation, big gooseberries, and small accidents. In whatever shape they address us — whether as advertisers or as contributors to the open column — our constituents may always rely on a hearty welcome. 5t will be our unremitting endeavor to- keep them on intimate terms with the world around them, especially with the South, which is destined so soon to enter iato- faaiily relationship with them. As our mechanical arrangements are necessarily incomplete this week, we must ask the indu'gence of our readers for any imperfections they may detect in our present issue. On the evening of Thursday, the 16th instant, at Mr. Col man's large store, Strathalbyn, the first sheet of the Southern Argus printed in this- township was pulled by Mr. Colraan, senior, in the presence, of a number of persons attracted by the interesting event. After Mr. Colman had successfully managed to pull the flr»t copy, many others of those present tried their bands at the bar, but none even of the younger men proved so adroit as the stalwart miller. We trust that the good feeling shown by our Strathalbyn frienda «t oar opening may be eontinatd during tnaoy a long year, in which the Argus and the public miy be mutually helpful and beceficial. Among, those present- we noticed the Messrs. Colman, senior and junior, James Walker, J.P., Dr. Herbert, J.P., M. Rankine, J.P., J. Henderson; J.P. (Port Vic'or), Fisher, Johnston, Hroper, A. and G. Rankine, H. G. Wa-son, &c;, &c;, and a number of ladies. After the first sheet was pulled, by the hospinrlity of Mr. Colman those present heartily .drunk success to the SoutJiern Argus in its enlarged sphere On Tuesday afternoon, the annual Easter festiral in connection with £t. Jude's Church, Port Elliot, took* place in the new Locel Court- House. The attendance was not so good as upon former occasions, a circumstance chiefly owing to the early hour at which the meetii.g was convened. As it was, there were upwards of 80 present, and the gross proceeds amounted t.. t8 10s., including donation*, all cf which will be applied to the erection of an additional' room to the parsonage. The arrangements were excellent, and the tables were beautifully kid off by the ladies, in whose praise it is d fficult to-speak too highly for the rich and inviting spread thev had so sumptuously provided for all comers, without dis tinction of creed During the evening a SUpPlemen .ary bazaar was held m the Assembly Rooms by the lad.« of the Goolwa Church, the articles consisting chiefly of what was left unsold at the Goolwa bazaar in December last. Notwrthstandfng the dearth of money acd the more than usual dulness of the times upwards of £21 was taken, which will go towards the completion of th« new eliurcU in course of erec tio.i^at Goolwa. Early last week, Mr. Munro, of Langkorne's Creek,, wbs. riding across bis paddock, when his horse became unmanageable and bolted with him, taking him under a tree, against a branch of whieh his head came in contact with great force. He was thrown completely out of the saddle, and nearly one half of his forehead was denuded of the scalp. He also sustained severe dislocation of the wiUt and au injury to the left foat. Dr. Herbert was at once sent fi»r, and Mf. Munro is now, under his care recovering fro«i his injuries. A meeting of the Strat'ualbjn Agricultural and Horticultural Society was to have been held al the Robin Hood Hotel last Tuesday evening, but owing to the paucity of attendance it was adjourned until this evening, at & o'clock. On Tuesday eveuiog, as Mr. Chisholm, sheep. farmer, residing on the Murray, was drivmg through the township of Strathalbyn, in turning a sharp corner the swerving of the c⁢ caused him to be thrown out with great violence. Mr. Chjnholm was taken to the Terminus Hotel, and was speedily attended by Dr. Herbert,, who found that the left arm had sustained a most extraordinary and compli cated fracture. We are happy to learn, on enqui.y, that the sufferer, under the care of our worthy doctor, will scon recover tha use of his arm. We hear that Mr. Rowland Nuu, who. has obtained the contract for 25,000 sleepers for the. Strathalbyn and Middiet-u EMway, has puschasud a. steaui engine., and i5 about erecting, a. Urge 6aw.-milL kr the purpose of cutting the sleepers. We art pleased to. see so much enterprise displayed iu this district, and we hope Mr. Nutt's energy and perseverance wili be.rjiwaidtd. We believe toe Slraiiialhyiiites we i»o*j. t-e« itiiug ' themselves itosi energetically »o bring thei? twe ; i»cal candidates— Messrs. Rogers and Cheriton— iuto Parliament. The two Commiitees have amalgamated, acd are determined to use every exertion for the furtherance of their object. The- contest appears to have resolved itself into a question of Slr&t;,u&lbyn; versus Mount Barkjer; but we believ.e t!i»s vr.ould net hive been ihc case had th; Mount Barker people bicught foiward aay other eligible candidate, Mr. Duun appearing to be v.ery uiipuunlax ia, this district. We understand Messrs. Cobb.& t'o.,haTfe recently removed their booking-office fioai the Victoria to. the uewly-ogened Teimiuus Hotel — foe Tihat reason of course we are not aware— l-ut it appears that this change dots not agree wiiii tlie temper of some of Cobb's horses. On the arrival of the mail from Wellington o:i Tuesday morning,, while the driver was delivering tbo way-bill, ihjj horses started ofLat full gallop, utaking; their way to the INlsl-oGke, turning i-harp round there, narrowly escaping an upset. Fortunately the horses knew their duty, and stopped their progress at the old spot.. We understand that the wooden sture occupied by Doyle, at the Tiauiwav works on the Fiimi^s for the purpose of selling colonial wine, was broken into on Monday last during the absence of the p:oprietor. Foitunately the burglars, having taken, abect ten gallons of colonial wine, and probably, suffering from the effects thereof, did not tuke away anything else. We hear that the police have a clue to the perpe trators, and no. doubt will bcou hav« thera.iu duiance vile. An.accidant occurred as- the Adelaide m*ii canch was proceeding from Adelaide to Sirathalbyn en Easter Monday. Abi u: three miles on the Adelaide side of Kclrangs the mail stopped:to take up a pis sengjjr, and before- the di ivar could draw, altogether on iiis right side, a tandem,. occupied by three gen tlemen, which was- proceeding at a rapid pace, ran into, the conveyance, causing the buggy, to com pletely capsiae,. throwing oat all the occupants and bi caking both shafts, but fortunately causing no serious personal irjury. We believe no blame can be attached to he driver of the omnibus. Our budget of Strathalbyn news this week- seems to present nothing but a chapter of, accident*. In addition to those before enumerated, we hare been informed that at the latter pert of last week a son of Mr. -3r.wetl. of Langhornt's Creek, while playing on a straw stack, fell therefrom and dislocated. the left elbow j «int.. The poor little sufferer was at once taken to Dr. Herbeit, who r^duGed the disloca tion, and the little fellow is progressing, as well &a; can be expected. The races on Thursday were well attended.. Tie Trial Stakes were won by. Cupbearer, the St. Leger by Regalia, the Steeplechase by Unknown, and tbe Sailing .Stakes by Mr. Mullin's Collingrore. An accident occurred on 'Hhursday afternr.oa to a buggy belonging.- to Mr. Trew. Dr. Patterson, who is stopping here f -r a few days, was out driving with it, when he and Mrs. Patterson called at-a house and tied the reins to the wheel. The horse somehow turned the buggy Tonudj when it capsized, and both shafts were broken besides other injuiies-ta the body of tbe vehicle. A large meeting was held at the Eangarilla Hotel, KangarLia, on Thursday evening, to hear Mr. John Cheriton explain his views. Mr. Jon^a, Chairman of tbe Onkaparinga Distriat Council, occupied the chair. The candidate having addressed the electors concerning the many important subjects nowagita ting the public mind, and answered several questions. Mr. John Carr, M.P.., proposed Mr. John Cberiton as a fit and proper person to represent tLe district iu Parliament. He said he was Tery much pleased' to see a farmer come forward, and if (he electors did their duty they would £U| port him to a man. It would be much better for the general interests of the colony, if tbe farmers were to combine together to send in more of their own class, and not be repre sented entirely by Adelaide tradesmen and merchants. Mr. C. Nottage seconded. Mr. Lymbumer said that the views of neither of the candidates entirely suited him, but perhaps some better candidate might yet come forward, in default of which he would support Mr. Cheriton. This proposition was carried unani mously. A vote of thanks to the Chairman, »nd a special vote te the candidate for attending, concluded the meeting* Tbe poll'nj for the district of Onkaparinga will take place on Tuesday next. The candidates are — Messrs. W. Townsend, F. E. H. W. Krichauff, and T. Plarfcri At the Local Court, Goolwa, on Wednesday, April 8, the only ease before the Court was a charge against » person for riding in a dray without proper control over his team, for which ? amal! fine was v inflicted. The works on the Strathalbyn ana MiddJeton Kail way seem to be progressing very favorably. Tho ballast is being spread, ana everything will shortly be ready for the reception of the permanent, way. Twelve miles fire ready, and other four tnileVwill be completed within a fortnight. Sixteen thousand fish-plate* were lately shipped from England, but the ye«cel having encountered a severe gale* was obliged to put back to .Cardiff to refit, after being six weeks out at sea. We believe the No. I Troop Duke of Edinburgh's Volunteer Lipht Dragoons will meet for their next drill at Currency C'tek, on Friday next, the 24th, at M a.m. sharp. We hear that the callant Lieutenant Colonel, on the same day, has invited the Troop, together with sweethearts and wives, to a dejeuner rystique in the beautiful and romantic gronnds of Hfgpfnsbronk, to be followed by a ball and supper ia the evening. We rrgret to learn that our eld fellow townsman, Mr. Henry Warland, is ferionsly indisposed. A few days sfnee he reeeived a kick from a horse which inflicted a severe wound on tbe leg. This took rather an unfavorable turn, and he was confined to « i his room for some time, but we are happy to hear on enquiry that he is now eensiderably better. A correspondent at Port Victor writes as follows : — ' The usual weekly meetings in connection with J the Port Victor Institute wa? held in Mr. fiead's spacious store on Tuesday evening, April I4-, and iias tolerably well attended. The clioirwtta »bly filled by Mr. Howie, who briefly called on Mr. Read, who gave an interesting reading called 'Stuck Fast,' Mr. Capper then read ' The Charge of the Light Brigade,' which was followed by an essay oa 'Taxidermy,' by Mr. Robertson, fully explaining how to preserve and stuff the skins of bird*, StC. The Chairman then sane 'Ada, with the Golden Hair,' which was followed by a. recitation by Mr. Read— 'The Field ef Waterloo.' Some amusing pieces from Artemus Ward were then read by tbe Chairman, which brought the proceedings to a close all seeming very well pleased with the evening's earertainmeat.' The following paragraph, taken from an Englinh paper received by the last mail, will, no doubt, bs interesting to our readers of the Wealeyan persua sion : — ' A discussion took place in Convocation at York, which will, no doubt, excite much attention. Archdeacon Hamilton moved the appointment of a committee to open negotiations w-iih tbs ''esleyan Conference- en *tbe piWbiiity of « thorough re union between the Weslevan community and the Church o£ England.* This proposition wsa sup ported by th* Archdeacon of Carlisle and C&non; Hornby, but it was oppraed by the Bishops of Cat lisle and Ripou, ArchiiuHcin Politick, anil Chancellor Tharlow. Eventually the motion wii withdrawn, and an amendment, moved by tho Bishop of Riron. was fcdop-'ed, with only one dissentient. The effbet of the amendment is ihst Convocation would ?? cor dia'ily welcome any practical attempt to t&rct; ? brotherly recon^tliaivin ' t-e vr«tr. the Cfcarcb and the ttV«ipy*n». JV- Lift'-p-nA tttr-.-j -j erf ihc S5:h f^b tttrf »ay» :. — 'The G-m-rnmeiit ??-{ Bras 1 (South Aswrfct) baring determined V. prom -te emipritinn from this country, have appointed agenta in England. Two hundred thousand acres of cleared land are to hi appropriated for these emigrants, at 20s. per acre, payable in fi re years. Five pound* ten abillinga towards the passage-money in to bo supplied by the Brazilian Government.' 