SHAKSPEARE REHABILITATED. (FROM THE ORCHESTRA, 1'En. 15.) Tho notion of reorganising William Shaks peare generally, of putting him on his right footing with society, of accommodating him to the ethics of tho nineteenth century, and reconciling the enigma of his being with a few "facts not generally known," or theories evolved like the German's camel, is not con- fined to M. Alexandre Dumas. The English have taken a turn at William ere now. Camp- bell found out he had been a lawyer ; another man proved that he must have been a medical man, and a prophetic one too, since he hinted at the existence of the Eustachian tube {only discovered about the end of last century) in a passage in "King John," where be speak of a smith opening his mouth to listen. Then of course Shakspeare was a divine, as Bishop Wordsworth has established. M. Dumas is not the only réorganiser of the Swan, But M. Dumas has done some tidy things in his way, with the view of simplify- ing tho great English bartl to the groat French nation. Alexandre Dumas and the Chevalier do Châtelain are Shakspeare's mis- sionaries to the French. The Chevalier has written heaps on Shakspoare, translated wo know not how many plays, and quarrelled we know not with how many people who Won't appreciate him at the Chovalier'a standaid. We have a great respect for the Chevalier. As for Dumas, has he not trans- lated "Hamlet" in conjunction with M. Paul Metirice, and is not his translation of "Romeo and Juliet" to come out in Paris shortly? Dumas has popularised Shakspearo in Paris, and deserves thanks for that, although he did kindly rearrange the author's concep- tion of " Hamlet" by leaving out the ghost entronco in the first scene, letting Hamlet explain that he intended to "sham mad," so as to take in his unclo (an ignoble trick I), and finally omitting the death of the Prince himself, who is doomed hy the ghost to sur- vive-"tu vivras/" Bating this-and when could a Frenchman leave a foreign beauty alone without putting somo extra grace to it ? -Dumas has done very well to touch ' ' Hamlet " at all. And his zeal is proved by the fact that ho brought out the play at his own expense, when no manager would have it. Dumas had it acted at the littlo theatre of Saint Germain, in the presence of a party of friends, whom he sent back to Paris by a special train after supper. For ho was then living in " cette époque de luxe quo l'on m'a tant reprochée et que l'on m'a fait payer si cher." " Hamlet " proved a great success there, and still greater when it was performed in Paris, with Rouvière as the Prince of Den- mark. But it is not with this translation of "Hamlet" that wo have now to do; but with a later instance of M, Dumas' bonne foi with respect to the British hard. One even- ing last month M. Dumas went home from the Gaîté, where his "Hamlet" was playing -went homo saturated with Shakspearo. He called for a scribe-he is supposed to keep some half dozen constantly going at novels and feuilletons- and ho dictated onEtude. It is this Etude, published by Michel Levy, of Paris, which contains fruit for comment; for it is profitable for instruction-that is to say, French instruction. Wc have the most re- markable statements, facts, and theories that ever entered into a French author's head-a concatenation which justifies the burlesque of Arthur Sketchley's Monsieur Leblanc, who had discovered^ that Shakspeare was born at Strotford-at-Bow, and was called the Divine Williams from his having taken orders in the English Church. Not less marvellous are the facts of M. Dumas. First he informs us that the poet was born on the same day that Cervantes died, so that "nature might compensate herself." If this he so, poor Shakspeare must have perished in his infancy, for history tells us that he died twelve days after Cervantes. Then M. Dumas says that John Shakspeare was a Catholic-a fact equally controvertible by re- ference to history. After this the Etude becomes simply comic to an English reader. For instance :-"The first gleam of poetry which showed itself in him appeared at the end of an orgy, at which he became so intoxicated that, after trying to find his way home, he was obliged to spend the night in the open air under an apple-tree. This is the famous apple tree of the 'Songe d'une nuit d'été.' That gleam of poetry was a quatrain in which he celebrates the ghosts of Ilallebrog and the diunkards of Bedfort. Whether in a vision, or in reality, it was during this night of exhilaration that he met, or thought ho met, a pretty peasant girl named Aune Iluttway. " Anybody who has seen at the Opera Comique that wild medley called the " Songe d'une nuit d'été," in which Shakspeare, Queen Elizabeth, Sir John Falstaff, and Olivia (query, fióm the Vicar of Wakefield ?) are all mixed np, nightmare fashion, will at once detect the source of M. Dumas's inspiration with regard to the drunkenness and the apple-tree. How "the ghosts of Hellebrog and the drunkards of Bedfort" como in we will not undcrtako to explain ; nor does the Etude attempt to show it,i but hurries ou to inform the world that Shakspearo had so great a taste for "the chute " that he was nearly sent to tho galleys by Sir Thomas Lucy, afterwards so well known as "le Juge Shalhow." From his earliest youth, we arc told, William had studied poetry, foi' a pedlar used to visit Stratford, and since the day when William said to him "When- ever you pick up any books bring them to me," he used to furnish his pack with litera tine, "which the young Shakspeare bought after long discussions about the price, for William was not rich." And afterwards, while he was holding horses at the door of the theatre, he brooded over what he had read, " till one fine morning the drama of ' Hamlet ' was entirely constructed in the mind of the young fugitive, and needed nothing but a Vulcan's blow to unable it to spring all armed from the head of Jupiter." In order to penetrate into the theatre, we ore told Shakspeare became un aboyeur à la porte du theatre. We aro not quite sure what this post implies, unless it was that ho kent the stnge-door ; in which case the phrase (aboyer, to bark) is singularly expressive of that most snarling of animals, the stage doorkeeper. And then, says M. Dumas, flinging himßelf into tho situation, " je mo í'igíne que lo jour où il obtint co posto im- portant, il fut aussi joyeux que jo lo fus moi même, lorsque j'obtins le titre de surnumé- raire chez M. le Duc d'Orléans." Soon after this "Hamlet" was produced, M.' Dumas' views on the work itself wo will not attempt to dilute in the form of extract. Uley are too choice for compression. But it is the historical portion of tho Etude which reccinmends itself chiefly to tho English reader, as, for example, the fact "On lit sur les îegistres baptismaux do l'égliso paroissiale do Stradfort-sur-Avon, l'inscription sui- vante: '2 février, 1584, Hamlet et Ju- dith, fils et fille de William Shakespeare.' N'était-ce pas uno prédestination annon- çant qu'un jour uno artiste du nom do Judith interpréterait cet enfant bien-aim« du poota ?" To appreciate the force of this remark, it is necessary to recollect that Mdllo. Judith has made the part of Hamlet remarkable on the French stage. lu this view the circumstnr.ee that William Shakspeare had two children named Hamlet and Judith, is a very strange coincidence, in the mind of M. Dumas. Finally, we aro enlightened as to tho various spellings of William's family name : .-"La nécessité de faire entrer le norn do Shakc-speare dans un vers a influé avec le temps sur l'orthographe de co nom, qui s'écrit généralement aujourd'hui Shakspeare, ce qui, uu lieu do cinq syllabes, n'en donne quo trois teule-ment." There wc have the explanation at once. M. Dumas has found it out. Of course it was very difficult to get "Shake speare"- that is to say Sha-kes- pe-a-re : five syllables-into a verse. You see, in English verse the e mute is always sounded. So people— the poets of the period, no doubt—were forced to shorten tho name and pronounce it in three syllables, thus SHAK-SPE-ARE, or else, SHAK-SPEA-RE, whichever you please. A pronunciation which wo English adopt at the present day. A DONATION of £1,000, for tho purpose of founding a medical scholarship in tho Univer- sity of Edinburgh, has been made by Miss Etth's, of Inverness. 