PUNCH'S EVENING AMUSEMENTS. Weber's pretty and fanciful opera of Oberon was produced for the first time this season on Monday evening last, and, considering the state of the weather, drew a remarkably good house. Madame Escott, Miss Georgia Hodson, Mr. Squires, and Mr. Armes Beau mont, sustained their original characters of Reiza, Fatima, Sir Huon, and Oberon respectively, and Sherasmm and Puck were represented, for the first time, by Mr. Sutcliffe and Miss Geraldine Warden, the lady being very sprite- ly as that impish embodiment of mischief. Mrs. King also acquitted herself very meritoriously in the Mermaid's song. The opera was performed with a general level of excellence by all concerned in it, both behind and before the footlights, and the charmingly-painted scenery and elegant costumes added, in no small degree, to its success, which was quite equal to that which marked its first production under the bdton of the lamented George Loder. On Tuesday, Signor Ugo Devoti played Un Ballo in Maschera for his benefit, to a fair house, but one by no means commensurate with his merits. However, the opera went off with undiminished spirit. It is truly a charming production, and new musical beauties seem to be evolved on each successive representation. The performances concluded with the irresistibly comic trio " Papa taci," inimitably rendered by Signor s Antoni, Bertolini, and Ugo Devoti. The ever green Maritana (judging by its frequent repetition, the most popular in the Lyster repertoire) was presented on Wednesday for the last time. Madame Escott's singing as the heroine is always alone worth a journey to listen to, and on this occasion she was as excellent as ever. Messrs. Squires, Sutcliffe, and Kitts supported her most effectively, as did also Miss G. Hodson as Lazarillo. This evening (Friday) the performances will be for the benefit of Signor De Antoni, who selects the Huguenots, and the incantation act of Robert the Devil, thus appearing in the two grand parts of Marcel and Ber- tramo. In addition to this he will appear between the operas, and sing (in English) Hatton's capital song of "Simon the Cellarer." The novelty and attractiveness of this programme, added to the high position Signor De Antoni has attained in public favor during the comparatively short time he has been in Sydney, ought to ensure him one of the most crowded houses of the season. On Saturday evening the supplementary season of twelve nights will commence with the production (for the first time here) of Rossini's glorious opera .of William Tell. If Mr. W. Cooper had been a "raining favorite," the elements could not have exerted themselves more strenuously to secure him an overflowing house than they did on the occasion of his benefit, on Monday night last, and if there had been any openings in the roof of the Victoria, there is little doubt that both pit and stalls would have been full — of water. It poured all day, and it poured all night, and par consequence, the audience did not pour forth in sufficient numbers to remunerate the beneficiare, whose programme was gone through to a "beggarly account of empty boxes," and very little better in the other parts of the house. To those who were present, however, the entertainments seemed to afford the utmost satisfaction. The beneficiare1 s smartly written comedy of Colonial Experience, was played first, and went off with great spirit, Mr. Andrews, as usual, getting the lion's share of applause for his personation of "Young Australia." At its conclusion, after the author had bowed his acknowledgements, in response to a hearty call, the following address, written expressly for the occasion (by Mr. F. Hutchinson,) was delivered by Miss Rose Cooper : — A prologue to a play ! the fashion's old, But Gods are merciful when maids are bold. I'll try it on — the fair shall fashion bind, Or fear of laughter move a lady's mind ? Ye shades of crinoline forbid the thought, Not thus the rights of woman I've been taught ; What ! shut a lady's mouth with hateful hiss, Or anything at all but one — a kiss. Laugh as you please, the merrier the better, I'll have my say out to the very letter. To speak the truth, I haven't much to say, 'Tis but to tell you that I've — writ a play. Don't start and stare as if you'd seen a ghost, I'm like yourselves, mere mortal at the most — A harmless mortal with a harmless aim, However priestly bigots may defame, No artful enemy of Church and State, No public pest, altho' a Bishop say't — My honest aim — so may I be a mother — To make you love, while laughing at each other, To catch the living manners as they rise, And shoot each fleeting folly as it flies. (I don't mind telling you these lines are cribs, Argal I'm not a female that tells fibs,) With home- bred wit to win your loving laughter And make the old Vic. ring in every rafter. , A Sydney play ? I hear some critic cry — And worth a rap ? pooh, pooh, it's all my eye; Some native Sheridan — I'll lay my word, Or sucking Shakspere — bah ! the thing's absurd. What shall we do, our reputation gone ? What shall we say? Why nothing, but laugh on : Laugh at the fools, if such great fools there be, Who shut their eyes, then cry they cannot see ; Who, tasting neither, shun alike as stale, Colonial humour and colonial ale ; Who, never seeking, vainly hope to find, And call it midnight when they're only blind. Not thus was laid, in Britain's golden age, The firm foundation of her glorious stage ; Not thus was reared the tree whose branches wave O'er every land, its root in Shakspere's grave. And oh ! not thus, if there be worth in wit, To win a smile from gallery or pit ; If there be aught of merit that commands The welcome tribute of your willing hands ; The fate of him, who, to his talent true, Does what he can and leaves the rest to you. (Retires and returns. J P.S. — I'd quite forgot — a lady's way — The very thing I wanted most to say. I wish to introduce to you to-night (Poor things, I fear they're in a dreadful fright) A few young friends of mine, who wish to try Their wit in action, don't their wish deny. Tho' clever fellows all, they're bashful, very, But hope, by dint of impudence and sherry, To " strut their little hour " with some small praise, And help their brother bard to win his bays. You're strong, be merciful — indulge their whim, For 'tis to you they trust to "sink or swim." The references to the " shy young men " applied to certain mem bers of the Sydney Press, who appeared en amateur in the afterpiece, under the pleasing hallucination that they were doing their brother scribe a world of good. If they erred, however, it was with the very best intentions, and the audience were as kind to their short comings as they were lavish in their applause when they had the slightest cause for expressing their approval. Mr. Hoskins also appeared in this afterpiece, an elegantly- written two-act comedy, called, appropriately (under the circumstances), Sink or Swim. He played the character (originally written for him in London) of Lord Yawnly) and, by his artistic acting, completely made up for any defi ciencies caused by the nervousness or inexperience of his unfortunate coadjutors. The ladies (Miss Cooper and Mrs. C. Jones) also ma terially contributed to the non-occurrence of a contretemps. Mr. Punch hears it is in contemplation, by many of his brother natives, to tender another benefit to Mr. Cooper, when, it is to be hoped, the elements will be more propitious. During the week Janet Pride and East Lynne have been severally presented, in both of which Mi«q Cooper particularly distinguished herself. Mr. Stuart O'Brien's Monsieur Bernard, Mr. Andrews' Dicky Watt, and Mr. Burford's Richard Pride, in the former drama ; and Mr. Hoskins' Leveson, and Mrs. Jones's Cornelia, in the latter, were especially noticeable. A 