COUNT VON ATTEMS— CAPTURE OF A SWINDLER. { Extract from the Handelsbad of Batavia.j {TRAHSLATED BY GREVILLE AND CO.} Sourabaya. October 5. The commander of the Austrian yacht Hamlet's Ghost, who has arrived in this port, has made a complaint to the English Consul that 'on his voyage to this place, when close under the coast of Jara, he had met an English ship : that on firing a salute in honor of the British flag, the salute was not returned. Now we read in a newspaper of Passoerean the following:, which clears up the mystery : — Commander Said Alsegaf, in charge of the British brig Diamond, which has arrived here from Probolingo with Rattinese horses, mentions that he had been attacked near Bezoekla by a Prussian or Russian cutter, of about eight kijangs (13 tons). That the cutler fired a blank cartridge across his vessel, and afterwards one with ball. On his threatening to sink the yacht she ceased firing. This yacht must be the same which Said Alsegaf had already met at Koepang in Timor. She was manned by Europeans, and belonged to Sydney. The Melbourne Argus transcribes a para- graph from a Batavian journal (the Handehzblad of October 21) that an adventurer who 's recognisable without difficulty as the pretended Count Atteius, who luany Sydney people hare too good reason to remember, had caused some little interest there, and had ultimately succeeded in setting into custodv. The paragraph states that some noise had been occasioned at Sourabaya by the doings of an Austrian count, who arrived there some time ago in a yacht from Australia. The count first attracted riolice by complaining that an English schooner which he met with on his way had refused to answer his salute. Another version of this matter was given from another source, by the report made by the captain of an English schooner called the Diamond, which had arrired in Passoeroean with horses from Java, that he had on his way fallen in with a Russian or Prussian yacht, which had fired first a blank cartridge, and afterwards a shot at his vessel. How- ever, attention was soon drawn to the count on account of other circumstances. A com- mercial firm in Batavia received a warning from Australia to look out for an Austrian count, who had in a questionable way obtained a yacht, and was sailing in it to Java. This warning was conjoined with the reports of a great many impositions practised in the preceding year in Europe, particularly in Holland, by a person who represented himself to be an Austrian Count, and it was thought that the tourist from Australia might be this person. These suspicions were tele- graphed from Batavia to Sourabaya.. The warning, however, came in some respects too late. The count had discounted at the bank a bill of exchange for a sum not stated, and it was subsequently remarked that the paper in many respects resembled some of the fraudu- lent paper negotiated the year before by the pseudo count at Amsterdam. Although the warning came too late for prevention, it came in time, perhapsr to bring to a stop the career of this successful swindler, as it was thought proper under the circumstances to arrest and detain him pending inquiry. This was the condition of the much-loaded Sydney visitor at the date of our latest Intelligence — lying in custody, while inquiries were being insti- tuted preliminary to a criminal prosecution. 