TURF GOSSIP. Tbe entries for the Great Metropolitan Stakes and the Melbourne Cop are now before us, and we must give expression to some little disappointment in regard to the number of the former. They are far fowor than wo antici pated, and the quality of a lurge number of the nags is eueh as to make their chance of winning this groat handicap raoe extremely small. Tho horses entered number thirty* three— nearly twenty fewer in number than we anticipated. From Victoria there were but three entries, whero weeipected ! upwards of a dozen. We must assume that the V. It. C. oners greater inducements to the owners of racers in Vic- j tenia than the A. J . C. does to bring them up here, and that they consequently intend to keep them at home. Whatever j the cause, the result to ua is most unsatisfactory. We are i disappointed, moreover, to nnd the names of so few of our two-year olds in the list. We fully expected to find Mr. i toe's fillies, Melancholy Jaques, and some of the other crack youngsters, in it. Mr. Cobcroft has, however, I entered Kaizer; Mr. H. Fisher his two fillies Fenella 'id Ragpicker; and Mr. Brown, Mr. Mol bado, and .Mr. Teuipleton have entered a filly each. So there is just the possibility of seeing the performance of Bylong two years ago repeated. But to give the young sters a chance they will require to be turned loose, and a ' steadier ' put upon the tour and five year old cracks. Without wishing to inflaenoe the committee by whom the handicap will be made, we venture to say that it will be im possible to give a lot of the animals the ghost of a chance in ilii» race unless the topweight is lOst, or over. Take a case. What weights would bring Tim Whiffler or the Bath on terms of equality with Jamaica cr Portia ?. Suppose a match between Tim and Jamaica, the former carrying lOst. 6Ibs. , and the latter a feather, which would the public back P The committee will find plenty of isuch cases among the thirty-throe that are to be brought together, and we wish them success in their difficult taw. To please everybody will be impossible, but unless they commence high, end put a good deal of weight upon the cracks, and turn a lot of the duffers loose the result will be a very small field. The entries for the Cup race to be run at the Homebush Spring meeting and the Derby for the same meeting, have also bocn received during the week, and compared with the entries for the Metro politan they are tolerably numerous. There are sixteen entered for the Cup, most of them being from the list of the moderates. Glencoo, Warwick. Blair Athol, and Rains worth are, however, in it, and Bylong also, but the latter baa proved himself such a duffer lately that we almost despair of eeeing him in his two year old form again- For the Derby there aro fourteen, including nearly all tho good two year old performers at the late meeting, except the Fisherman fillies, and a number of untried ones. Writing of the Homebush Spring Meeting, it occurs to ua that it is to be regretted that it is fixed for the same time as the Victoria Racing Club Spring Meeting, to enable tho sporting men of tbe two colonics to be at both. Had the meeting been fixed for a fortnight earlior, visitors from Victoria could have attended our Randwick Spring Meeting, tho Homebush Meeting, and then have got back in time for the Melbourne Cup. In our sporting columns this week will be found reports of numerous count ry meetings, including a full report of the three days' racing at Mudgee. The racing appears to bave been very good on the whole, many of the races being closely contested. They found the same difficulty about starting the races as tho A.J.C. has found at Band wick, some of the starts having been wretched. We trust that while Captain Purcell remains in the colony he will consent to act as starter for the A. J.C., for he evidently possesses all the qualifications for the discharge of this moBt difficult duty. .We learn from a telegraphic despatch from Dubbo, that the stewards of the. Jockey Club nave determined to post pone the meeting of tho Club, which was fixed for the 16th and 17th of tho present month, sine die. No reason for the postponement is riven. Wo observe that fishhook snd Marchioness, the two prizes won by the bookmakers Barnard, Wallis, and Saqui, Jn the Maribvmong Stud Distribution, have been sold to a Sir. Turner for £1600. The tickets for the Varroville Stud Distribution are, we understand, going off rapidly, and there is every prospoctof the ««T»ir being conducted to a successful issue. A number of gentlemen have consented to act as a committee to conduct the drawing, which will Ukcplace on the 2nd of July. The list includes tbe names of Colonel Waddy, Mr. W. B. Dalley, Mr. H. Prince, the Hon. J. Robertson, Mr. 'W. Macleay, Mr. S. C. Brown, Mr. W. M. Alderson, Mr. A. Thompson, Mr. E. Lee, and other influential gentlemen, in whom the public will have every confidence. 