THE FATE OF' BEING DEAD WITHOUT KNOWING IT. (From the Pall Mall Gazette, July 1.) ' Ayo,' said Lord Chostorfiold in tho dnys of his age, ' poor old Tyrawloy and I aro both of us doad, if wo only know it.' It is astonishing thnt this fact of people being dead for yoars boforo they aro buried is not morn commonly porceivcd and nctod on than it is, and not people only, hut hooka, newspapers, institutions, aud whatever oIbc is capable of having life aud keeping the appoar anco of it after tho roahty has como to an end. For, look where ive will, on ovory sido you seo incurable and incapablos tripping and stumping hither and thither with all tho protonsions and airs of life as if thoy wero in the hoy-day of a oaroor, wlnlo in truth they aro only as spent cannon.. ..balls, toothless watchdogs, ghosts, or whatevor cmblom ono may chooso for what was once something and is now nothing. A book, for oxnmplo, can prosorvo an amazing air of vitality nnd popularity tor yoars nftor all tho truth that was once in it has boon nbsorbod into current opinion, transferred to new forms and oxprossions ; or, owing to chango of circumstance, has ceasod to bo true at a'l. it is notorious that a journal may koop most of its reputation and over so many of its renders long after any intellectual sap has coasod to flow in its columns, and after it has begun to givo its roadors, mstond of fruitage, moro abundance of dry leavos nnd sticks. And so of human boings. It is immensely difficult for n man to know whon ho is dead ; to know, that is to say, whou ho has lost tho faculty of moving along with his timo, and living iu its foremost ideas nnd aspirations ; whon ho has no longer anything to hope for, nor much to caro for, nothing to contribuo to the common stock, nor muoh to recoivc from tho efforts of others, nor any will to receive it. Of course it may bo said that, from this point of viow a groat many persons are as good as still-born to begin with. And this is innt.fi trim. Them is somntlunir narf.lv nnt.hpf.in and partly comic in the number of mon nnd women whom ono meets in iho world who have never been quickened into life by the stimulus of circumstance, and yet who move through their existonce with all the manner of active creatures. Thoy eat and drink and, to a certain extent, have the gift of articulate speech, and they go i the catalogue of human creatures. But whnt of all this simulation of life? They only movo in a phantasmagoria. Nothing comes of them, except a certain blocking up of the w^iy for the living. TheBO persons, however, aro to bo borno with, if without sympathy, also without active wrath. Anger directed against blocks is a waste of a good thing. Tho case of those who have lived and live no more, yet remain on tho face ol the earth notwith standing, is different. Their obstructive power is of an active sort, and, with the reputation of their lives to back them, their chances-of doing mischief aro most seriously ample. Take a politician, for example, who has been bred up in principles that have become sncred traditions with him, and which appear to him to contain all things that aro needful to salvation. The rensons which recom mendod them to him may have been good reasons, nnd for their timo they may have suitod circum stances to perfection. But circumstances change, and unless the man changes too, and sljifts his ground to match, tlion all the good which he did not get the credit of doing beoomes iu tho public mind a ground for continuing to believe in him, nnd so past benefits grow, into a ro* t of present and future injury. Tho Americans are often reproached with their short memories towards their statesmen. ? Thoy have a quaint proverb about the exceeding: smallness of ex-pres!dents. Yet would it not have saved, would it not oven now save, :Englnnd, many troubles if somo ex preiniers and ex-politicjans of lower degree were to fall into as small estate as that of men who havo filled high political office in America ? Tho good thnt men do perhaps dios with them ; it were no bad thing if they should die when they have done what good they onn. For this is just one of those places where our English fashion of revorence, good. nnd. gracious as it is in so many respects, does us real harm, and will continue to do so until somo magician has conferred ou states men, authors, nnd all others whom it may concern the admirable quality of knowing exactly when thoy aro dead. There is not one leading man out of fifty with this rare gift of knowing when the sap has ceased to flow, whon his agility in moving with ciroumstnnces is palsied, when the time has oomo for tlie retirement into the cool and graceful rogion of reminisceuce. Thoro aro so many reasons why even a good man should bo reluctant to acknowledge that he has a foot in tho political or speculative grave. His methods have answered in past times, why should they not answer now? Ho was in active life when his opponents were in the fourth form at school, for he was studying the hieheBt problems in this or in that whon thoy were puzzling over its vory elements ; suroly he must bo tho wiser, &c.; ? The other side of all this is not apparent to him, that tho very qualities which enabled him to understand and to grapple with ohe set of circumstauoes may most effectually unfit him for tho comprehension and settlement of the next set presenting thomsolves. To put it into a formuln — a human character is much more likely to stiffen than human circumstances to reproduce itsolf. Perhaps tho world finds this out most constantly and most expensively in the case of military peoplo. No experience is nble to drive out of the hoods of a Government tho idea that the votornn must be tho right person nnd tho best person available to place in command. BecniiBU old General Scott had proved himself equal to tho conduct of a war in Moxico, the American Govern ment argued that he was tho best man they could find to fight a territory of thousands of square miles. The poor man was, in point of military capncity, as doad ten years ago as he is now. English military history is a long chronicle of tho effort of mon with life nnd an alert vision to break the monopoly of command enjoyed by creatures long defunct. How much has boen loBt to the country, wasted in this heart-breaking nnd misorablo strug gle, no mortal man can toll. We can only imagine it from tho spectacle of tho sort of, wasto still visiblo to anybody who has oyes to seo, and from tho sound of it audible at this moment by any body who has ears to hoar. The penalties which a peoplo pay for thoir adoration of experience are a groat' deal heavier in the long run and spread over tho total than any adoration of rashness and audacity wonld bo likely to cost them. Only the penaltio3 are simply negative. They do not as sume the Bhapo UBually taken by the ponalties of audacity, about which thero con be no doubt, nor denial, nor mistake. Tho mischief of tho rulo of tho dead Bob in tho number of opportunities of which they rob us. of the achievements that might have saved us but for them, of tho heroes who would havo rison up to deliver us if thoy had not boen kopt under as though they woro flames of destroying firo instead of rays of healing light. It is something of an open question, whether Iho men who were onco wise do not inflict moro ill upon via than those who woro always fools. That they havo tho best opportunity ie cortnin, It iB to tho lattor, indeed, that they are most in debted for this opportunity. It may bo said thnt tho great aim and charactor' istio of a wiso practical philosophy is to keep tnun out of tho horrid mental fit of boing dead, while thinking thnt thoy still live, by prolonging monfal activity, or to uso a prccisor phrase, tho facility of taking an interest in a groat number of objects, an long as thero is any sort of consoiouanoss loft. This ia pet foetly true, but is' not quite tho whole truth of tho mattor. To take intorcst in things is only a virtue when your interest is untaintodby tho poison of egotism Most peoplo would like to see good things dono, but a considerable propc '- tion amonn them would make this conditional' ) ? ? ,;/ tho things being dono by themselves, or at least in their own special way. Tho very activity of interest displayed by the unconsciously defunct is jUBt what makos them so truly pestilent. Tho wise and virtuous is ho who is koonly anxious for this matter and for that, nnd yet lusists noithor on his own position boing in tho front, nor on his own peculiar methods being implicitly adopted. Not to sum up the univorsn in your own indivi duality is the beginning of wisdom. Mon possessed of this wisdom aro conscious that each of us only marches as one in a vast and numberless army. What ono can do is as nothing, Whon bo hns fallen under tho work and tho boat, tho groat host marchos on and on us boforo. To think much on tho race and littlo on solf, is tho surest way of avoiding promaturo death. Consciousness of tho immeasurable size of all life in comparison of any one, oven if that bo of tho loast important, is pro bnbly tho most indlspcnsablo of theso olomonts which keep a character wholcsomo and life-like. With this element tho chances of one's uncon sciously passing away to limbo, and yot persisting in fluttering and gibbering among all scenes, aro indefinitely lessened. 