, THE ALABAMA CLAIMS, -f . , In the Hnnseof Commons on tho 5th of March, a debato took place on tlio eiainis mado by America upon Great Britain, for compensn- \- tion- for-inj un eg done by tbc Confcilorato-priv vateer, the Alabama. Lord Stanloy, after pay ing a. high tribute to, the cliaraotcr and attain ments of tho Amcrioan ambassador, Mr. Adams, said: — With regard to the claims of the American government, what we had to do was not to make indiscriuiinuto concessions to all demands, but to try and- find out wlmt the rights-of-the-oaso were, to-stale-them-tom- .perately.and firmly, and having_dono_so,.to appeal ' frankly for a corresponding spirit from thoso with whom wo had to deal. IIo thought there never was a case in which it was more necossary to "dcfiricfnccuratoly' wliiirtho points" in dispute really wore. He mado great allow ance for tho foeiing of the American people. No doubt if we were in their position, having just emerged from a civil war in whiah £500,000,000 of debt had been incurred, and a million lives sacrificed, we should scarcely be -ablo-to.approciato-with-tlio-porfcct.coalnoss-of- those who had been in tho position of lookors- on. Ho would not say that ohr course was iu ovory rcspcet one of striot neutrality, because that was tho qnestion we were to endeavour to ascertain -by arbitration ; hut he wculd'say this, that, if our neutrality had been most rigid and absolute, it would still have fallen short of tho expectations of a large portion of -the American people'. What was expected of ns was, in reality, not neutrality pare and simple, but neutrality coupled with strong moral sympathy and support. There were doubtful questions of foots and' of law, whioh might oonveniently be settled by arbitration, and Her .Majesty's government were prepared to abide by tho decision of any impartial Eereon. Indeed, the prinoiple of arbitration ad been settled on both sides, tho only point remaining unsottled being whether the country, was Tight or wrong in acknowledging tlio Con; federate States Us" belligerents. "And" what were the facts 7 He presumed no one word! contend that at no time the Southern Statin bccamo entitled to the position of belligorcnti'; and. if .thejyero ._not.beJligorcnts.at_.tlus. titpe. wo recognised tlieih, wlmt was the time wht'h -they became invested with that character ? The Alabama did not sail until 1802, bat the battle of BuII'b Run was . fonght in 1801. Granting, for the sake of argument, that wo were wrong in recognising the Confederate States when we did, would the American government tell him how their case as'against the Alabama was altered if we made onr de claration of neutrality only six months before the Alabama sailed instead of eleven months. Ho reminded the American government tlmt when there was a proposal for the United States to recognise Hungary as an independent state, Mr. Webster stated that if they had -done-so,-thongh-tbe-step-would-bave-been-pre- cipitate, it would not nevertheless have been an act against the law of nations, provided they lmd taken no active part in interfering. On the other hand, if we had to recngniso the South when we did, could we-have been called to account for tho injury done to property in eonsequenoe of a too turdy recognition ? The quostinn was almost absurd, but yet if we were responsible in the ono ease, we might also Imva .been. .made responsible- in-tho-other.- — fu-tho'- official documents laid before congress, 0, 12, -aud_lG-days-beforc.our-proclamation-of-nou-- trality was issued, Mr. Seaward declared timt a state of civil war had arisen, and how, with a grave face, conld it be said that the Britisli government bad- no right to declare-that'to-be" oivil war on the 13th May which on tho 4th May Mr. Seaward had himself ohristened by that very name? In a remarkable article from the Neio Fork World, recently quoted in -tho journals of this country, tho writer laid" down three points — 1st, that there was -not the _remqtest_chanco_aoy_arhitratori-likoly_to_be- chosen would undortake to say tlmt the Queen's proclamation of neutrality was a wrongful act; secondly, that it ought not to be referred; t<> arbitration at all-; and thirdly, thnt.it had - wished the House to know that the rupture or suspension of the negotiations did not' come from our side. He was as anxious ns any man to see tho qnestion sotllcd, and it was not many of tho American, claims that wonld be conceded by arbitration. To us the thonoy part of tho affair was inapreciably small, more especially, as. we lmd counter claims on our side which would form an important-set-off. If the docision of an arbitrator went against ns, he did riot suppose for a moment that tho-country wonld grudge tho expenditure. Ho know that political feeling ran high in the United Statos, nit he did not believe that any body of men would be -so insensible -to the interests of their own country as to ongago in a quarrel likely to lead to a great and oostly war for tlio sake of enforcing in ono partioular that which it was in their power to settle, and not improbably in their own favour, without having recourse to "war at all. His own opinion was,- tlmt an amicablo arrangement would still be arrived at, and he pointed to tlio friendly and - cordial - re ception of our new minister at .Washington as a proof that there was do bitterness of feeling against this country In conolusion," he said tho gqycrnment were prepared to leavo thoir conduct to the judgment, not only of the people of this eonntry, but to that of all fair and im partial persons throughout civilised nations. Tho Rev.- William Humphrey, incnnibont of St. Mary Magdalene, Dnndoo, and chaplain to Bishop Forbes, of Brechin, has been received iulo tlie-RomanCatholioChnrcli; — 8cvon-yoars"ng0"lnr renounced hia profession of a Scotch advneato to join tho Scottish cniBcopal Church, and to tako ordors ; sinco which period ho lms distinguished himself by tho .publication of several treatises founded on tho writings of Thomas Aquinas, as woll ob by his nctivo labours as a parish clergy man. Trying to Lay a Welsh Gitost. — Abernant, near Abedare, is at present In tho enjoyment of a ghost, locally certified its the spirit of tho deceased wifeofa workman -who lmd threatened Iter husband before her death that she would haunt him if lie ill- treated hor children, and who seems to have had reason for keeping tier word. Tho spiritual influeiico is chiefly manifested by. jugs, chairs, and tables jumping about in tlio houso ; bnt tho ex-parish constable, who was sent- for tn lay- the ghost, was mado the subject, of a different manifesta tion. In reply to a, solemn request, lie received a blow with a stone, and was laid liini- selHnstead of laying the ghost. ..-'Tho police were sent for, oDd they tied the deceased daughter's hands, thinking -.sho._wna_ mil ho. .bottom-of- tlio-affair,-but-the-latost-acoouuts- say the ghost continuos its' manifestations! 