YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETIES. A NOTABLE feature has sprung into existence during _ the past few years in connection with the youth of our churches and chapels, viz., "Young Men's Societies,"—whose original aim, as far as we can learn, was an effort to obtain by the combination of weekly classes and quarterly meetings an educational status having religious foundation, with a superstructure of a somewhat wider scholastic scope than attainable on the forms of a Sunday school. Of late, however, we have observed a marked departure from this commendable plan. Anniversaries are now celebrated in the full blown style. Aids are brought in that were surely never contemplated ; professional players and singers, instead of the members of the Societies themselves, are the chief performers; the "public" are invited to attend in "reserved " and "back" seats. Instead of the congregation listening to the results of the studies of their vouiig men, they are called upon to admire the "airs and graces " of paid professionals. In a word, the simplicity of the original plan has been departed from. At the latest exhibition of this type,; tve attended as we would the opera— ladies in full dress, cloak-room, ushers, and all that; the "young men" attended chiefly as scene-shifters, and the "house encored"Overtures by professionals/' and laughed-at burlesque nigger operas by the "original somebodies." Beyond the merest modicum of display by the jeal members of the Society, the "anniversary" might be very fairly described as an entertainment paid foi^aH>rovided by this particular "YoHg^Kn's Sopiety," in which they themselves were simply helpers and lookers-on. We unhesitatingly say it was out of character; we are no advocates for singing psalms on wet clouds, but for consistency. WnSiould much prefer meeting the "YouggMfen" in their own " Hall," or their schoolroom; listening to a report of how* much of "Paley's Evidences" they had mastered,—what history they had studied—what poets they had read,—what essays and lectures had been given and delivered, varied with a few recitations and some simple music by the members. Instead of this-we were called upon to attend in full operatic costume, and to listen to something that had no more to do with the "Young Men" than any entertainment given by Professor Bianchi. What we write we write in all friendly feeling, though it may not be palatable. We admire the honest endeavour to attain knowledge, but we condemn the meretricious. This colony presents a wide, unique, and highly-interesting field for the pursuit of science. We should like to hear of ''Young Men's Societies" possessing a complete geological museum representing our adopted country, a herbarium of our botany, maps of our beautiful heavens, &c.;, &c.; then indeed an anniversary soiree, with these objects to admire and to spend an interesting hour with, we think would be more in character than attempts at acting, and burlesque nigger operas. Finally, our criticism—offered in all sincerity—is summed up in this ancient advice, Ne quid nimis. THE THEATRE ROYAL.—This really unique and chastely-adorned theatre was opened on Easter Monday with a crammed house. We are drawing no long bow when we say, for its size it is unequalled in the colonies- - it's a bijou of a theatre; and its stage is complete in every necessary—a very marvel of machanical contrivance, for throughout its entire area there is not a nail to mar its perfection. And the regions beneath—where all the ghosts go and come from, and all the mysteries are plotted and developed—it is a perfect and wonderful geometrical puzzle. The prevailing effect adopted for decoration is both beautiful and ornate—white, gold, and mauve on a very handsome filligree open- work that encircles the front of the boxes and other parts. Corinthian pillars and medallions also add their quota of splendour, and the "line of beauty" is met with wherever the eye dwells. We shall take an early opportunity of presenting our readers with an illustration of the interior. SIONOE VERTELLI.—This clever ropewalker has again appeared before the public, and those who are fond of having their nerves tried to their utmost tension can have this pleasure gratified by seeing Vertelli walking the full length of the Town Hall on a wire rope with a girl clinging to his back, both forwards and backwards, every night of the week. He has been fairly patronised considering the other highly attractive amusements — the Theatre Royal and the Circus. CHESS TOUBNAMEKT. — The members are warming up to their work, and at the Club silent and thoughtful groups of friendly enemies can be often seen, pondering over the "last move," or cunningly devising a new one. Hours are thus devoted, and then even time does not suffice, and an adjournment takes place, and the exclammation is—" Dear me! how late it is! Who would have thought it!" It is a pity there were not some system of annotation that it could be seen at a glance whether a given game was won or lost easily, or a conquest after a long conflict; now it is simply won or lost— a result of half an hour or of a dozen hours— neither to the winner or loser is this fair. NATIONAL BUILDING SOCIETY.—At the last monthly sale of shares, the premium ruled at £10. Two forfeited shares—on which small sums had been paid—were, in accordance with the rules, sold; and, there being no bidders, were knocked down to the Society and placed to the credit side of profit and loss. It is a general complaint, that in all Building Societies business is not se brisk as it has been. Of course thesei organizations must conform, .like all other monetary institutions, to the position of the colonists for the time being; if flourishing, business will be plentiful;—if otherwise it will be djilL "SgKG- oF THE KOOYANNA."— We have jri acknowledge the receipt of this ver^ ^Q3tq| poetical and lively song by "Ellie." It embodies the triie spirit of the Australian hills and lovely gulley.s, and recalls the first associations of the early days of tlie colony, when the voice of the "Kooyanna,'' or laughing jackass, was a mystery and a wonder—its startling cry o'er the picturesque waterhole—a wierd outburst or a mirth provoking guffaw, as'the humour of the astonished listener might be. The poetry of " Ellie " is always good, and this " Song of the Kooyanna" is no exception; and the music, by "Mrs. W. P. A." is intimately appropriate and pleasing. The piece is got up in admirable style by Messrs. Sims & Elliott, printed from their music types in their usual careful and artistio manner. 