DESTRUCTION OP HER MAJESTY'S THliATRE. On tho night of; Friday, Dumber 6, on« of tho haudiomcst, cortoinly, if not tho finest, thoafro in London, went tho way of all thoatros, and was burnt to tho ground in less than two hours. The Uro whilo it raged was one of the fiercest over known in London, and though tho main building, tho beautiful theatre, quickly burnt itself out and crumbled away in a towering pyramid of flame, yet its surroundings continuod tb blaze as house after houso in tho colon nado caught fire and woro burnt from roof to base- ment. Those buildings facing tho Haymarkot and ; Fall-mall also sufferod most soverely, tho houses on the Hayrnarkot sido .hoing almost completely destroyed. Tho scone was onc-of terrible, grandour. Tho roof of tho theatre foll amid a shower of sparks und burn- ing fragmento, leaving a gignntio mass of whito flame in tho oontro, tho very heat of which alono was char- ring up and burning building af tor building around it. All tho stoam fire-engines woro at full work, and tho monotonous thud thud of thoso worked by hand wore tho only sounds which broko upon the. hoarso roaring of the crowd and tho heavy Hap of Ute great shoote of flamo, which seemed to jeopardise tho oxist onco of ovory building noar the place. Over tho front of tho cm>8 in Fall-mall tho burning fragmonts foll thick as hail ; indeed, it was impossible at timos to pass along this thoroughfare . without danger of being sovoroly burnt. Tho chiofs of polico and tho Aromen .working among these: the shouts and eries of tho men on the roof of tho building iteolf and colonnade giving directions, amid the glaTin'g uproar bonoath, wnero to placo the ongincB, tho efforts or tho soldiers to kocp thc great moving mass of tho people back, all mado up n scene as exciting and as grand in its terrors as tho great fire souio years ago at Cotton'a-wharf. ; Of tho theatre itself, ono of tho ilucst in tho world, nothing remains but tho boro roofless walls, and imraenso masses of charred materials, in indoscribablo confusion covering .tho whole spaco on whioh tho building stood. All tho costly properties, all the wardrobes of tho establishment hayo perished, os have also tho instruments of tho orchestra, tho grand pianos, and a musical library of inealcu'ablo vnluo, which had taken roars to collect. Madamo Titians alono has lost jowollory worth from £1000 to £1200, in addition to all her mngnifiooht stago dresses. Tho grand'organ, whioh coat nearly ¡£800, and all tho Stago sconory rind decorations, ' painted for tho. most part byTolbln, Griove and Calcott, havo been destroyed, and Uiowholo fabric, with all its 'surroundings, is in ruins. By an odd circumstance, tho only thing which has survived tho genoral wreck,''ls tho dross in which tho ghost in Don Giovanni was wont to be play od. Tho actual and prospectivo loss to Mr. Mapleson, tho lessoe, is estimated at £12,000, and tho. dunster, as it affects him, is groatly.aggravatod.hy.the fact of his not having been insured to tho amount of a singlo shilling, ,11o was about to effect nu insurance, but it had not been, completed. ?? Tho .? largo duty ohargoablo upon' theatrical properties . is understood to havo previously' deterred him. In tho courso of' Saturday, Bocembor 7th, hor Majesty, through the Lord- Chamberlain, sent a massage to him axprosaivo of sympathy and. regret, and .ft; tclo gram. from, Sandringham, in .similar, ternie,, aooora Îienioâ by an expression of hopo that no lives had boon, oat on the oooasiony was received from his Royal Highness tho Frinoo of Walou. ' . . As to tho origin of tho lire little or nothing has hoon diaoovored, mit tho opinion is . that it broko out first about some part of . the stage. Subscriptions are being oollooto.dforthè relief ' of tho em'ployen who havo suffered.m"o^t\froih'thecatastrophe,, '".-'' 