A SUNDAY MORNING STROLL. BY PETER POSSUM "SHALL you stand up, and kneel down, and make bows, papa, at the church you're going to?" in- quired my little girl a few Sundays ago. I was puzzled how to answer, for I was not going to church. The autumn sunlight was pouring itself abroad so warmly, and yet so softly, that I had been tempted to play ecclesiastical truant. I was going out to see how London looked to non- churchgoers on Sunday morning. Highgate Hill rose almost bare behind me ; the Italian tower of the new Catholic schools gleaming doubly white against the dusky foliage which embowers the plea- sant grounds and warehouse-like chapel of St. Joseph's Retreat. On Whittington's stone sat an unwashed labourer, kicking his unlaced boots against it, and thirstily eyeing the finger-rubbed doors of the closed public opposite. About the Archway Tavern, and its rival vis a vis crowned with its glowing golden lion, other loungers were clustered, wearying already for the far-off stroke of one. A few were having their boots polished by the shoeblacks, as the only diversion at present open to them. The omnibus-stand was empty. Not a single passenger blackened the stiff white line of the Archway Road; the grey smoke of its fringing brickfields wreathed drow- sily above it; and the double-tiered arch- way stretched across, like the fragment of a Roman aqueduct. No horses dipped their noses in the watertrough of the old-fashioned Mother Redcap—the old inn where Pepys, as he tells us in his " Diary," stopped to drink, but whose green old garden has just been cut up into prim white rows of modern houses. The quaintly- capped old lady, perched in stone upon her hostelry seemed sound asleep ; gently swaying on the creaking sign outside, with a face as red as her head-gear, she looked half ashamed of tantali- sing passers-by with mere painted "cakes and ale." In the tree shaded little front garden of a moulder- ing mansion turned into a factory, on the other side of the way, a rusty boiler winked in the sunlight that filtered down upon it, as if chuckling over its green lazy rest, and hoping that it might be long unbroken. The green trees, shedding now and then a golden leaf, rustled cheerfully around. St. John's. The red covers and white leaves of the jury list, hung upon its door, were also rippled by the wind to the annoyance of a short ratepayer, standing on tip-toe, who was anxiously exploring the fluttered pages to discover whether he might not have been by some lucky oversight exempted from liability to imprisonment in the box. A bronze-faced giant of a navvy, fresh washed and shaven in clean white jumper, green corduroys, blue stockings, and boots newly blacked; sedately sauntered past, with a gaily dressed little maiden hanging on her father's big, rough, brown finger like a toy ship in tow of a clay barge. "What's he lookin' at, father ?" she asked. " Ow, cat'logue o' a sale, or summut o' that," was the not very definite or trustworthy information she received in reply. Where the new railway runs underneath the Holloway Road two other navvies, in week-day dress and faces, were sleepily contemplating their completed handiwork. It was odd to note how little pride there was in their look. Most men have a tendency to pronounce their finished labours, however insignificant, very good; but when men work in gangs, however important may be the product of their toil, I suppose the feeling of personal pride in the work is lost, and they regard it much as a polype regards the coral-reef it has infini- tesimally helped to rear. A little farther on a seedy old man, who, in spite of thc publics' closed doors, had already obtained more drink than his weak head could bear, was staggeringly gesticulating in the roadway, and incoherently advocating Sab- bath observance. The object of his objurgations was a meek, silent lame man, whom a coffeehouse- keeper had allowed to pitch a stall of fruit and ginger-beer beside his door. The alcoholic Sab- batarian apparently had run foul of this stall, and thence cannoned off the pavement into the road. " An' ye-ye-yew ke-ke-call yershelf a cawfee- sheller!" he ironically exclaimed. "I'll shum- monsh ye-be-be-blowed if I don't shum- monsh ye! ain't 'ee ashamed o' yershelf? Why, ye're worsh than a ke- costermonger! A costermonger on't shell o' a Sunday. ' No,' shays he, 'if I can't ke-ke-keep myshelf a-working' o shix daysh, I don't care—I'll be a gen'l'm'n o' Shun- daysh.' That's what ke-cawshtermonger shays, ke- cawfee-sheller! An' you're a-breakln' this 'ere be-be-bleshed Sabbath !" The old man's praise of costermongers met with an ungrateful requital. He startled a skittish, un- harnessed donkey, which a member of the guild was driving along the road. The donkey shied, turned tail, and, dodging his master's stick, trotted tranquilly up the hill. As his master sulkily started in pursuit, the greeting that he bestowed upon the lecturer proved that, whatever may be their views on the Sabbath question, costermongers, on Sundays as on other days, have a very copious command of exceed- ingly strong language. Two shirtless little ragamuf- fins, from some Clerkenwell court, mulatto-brown with an exogenous bark of six months' dirt, bound for a country walk-the best way, surely, in which they could keep the Sabbath-grinned with great gusto when they beheld the retreating moke. " Let's cut along, Jim, and kitch 'old o' his tail," cried one, " 'e'll 'elp us hup 'ighgate 'ill.' Two sunny reaches of solitary pavement, with houses on each side aa sunnily silent as if sound asleep in the brightness of a Polar midsummer mid- night, stretched before me when the horny feet of the gamins ceased to patter on thc flagstones ; but pre- sently I came upon a knot of undersized, pallid, shallowly-knowing-looking bearers of muffled pigeons, who had stopped to chat with a tired bird-catcher trudging townwards with pole-slung canvas pack, which seemed to oppress him like Christian's burden. Why do bird-catchers always look so weary of ex- istence? Does their conscience trouble them? It certainly does seem a great shame to lead linnets into captivity in Bethnal Green and Seven Dials. The crossing sweepers, male and female, old and young, moped with chins rested on their broom- handles; by no means blessing the blue sky that had diminished their chances of coppers. Mecha- nically they curtsied or pulled their marsh-colt-like forelocks as I went by, but only one ventured to pursue me with the wonted persistency of their trade. This was a youngster who, seeing me coming, rushed on a-head to disturb the dust which was scarcely laid after his last sweeping. Energetically he plied the broom; like a deerhound he hung on to me; and, when at last shaken off, departed growling as one grievously wronged in not having been rewarded for half stifling me. Presently an omnibus languidly lumbered past; the still only half-awake driver nodding on the box, and the con- ductor stretched on the cushions inside, and yawning like a prematurely coffined man who has recovered consciousness in his hearse. Then came another omnibus, a little more briskly driven by a smarter driver, in a white waistcoat and a cut-away black coat with a yellow dahlia in the buttonhole : a knowing jarvie, who had exchanged criticisms, half laudatory, half satirical, with the one passenger seated beside him, – a " Sun- day swell " smoking a cabbage-leaf cheroot,—on the pretty servant girl who had just issued from a side-street for her " Sunday out." She had ap- parently hurried along the side-street to get out of eye-shot of her, of course, enviously sneering mis- tress but when she reached the main road, and noted the attention she at once attracted, she sailed along in simpering satisfaction. Her rosy cheeks might have been smudged with black lead yesterday, but to-day she could figure as " a lady." Coquettishly she tossed her wen-like chignon, crowned with a three-inch square of tulle, and tailed with yard-long streamers of lace bordered blonde ; at the opposite angle to her head's, she held her gay parasol between her thumb and finger; her silk mantle shimmered, her white garibaldi gleamed, her gilt waist-buckle flashed in the sunlight; now, like a riding habit, she gathered up her muslin skirt, and now, as she minced along, she let it trail behind her like a somet's train. It was somehow a funny spectacle, and yet, after all, why should not a girl dress smartly simply because she is a servant girl ? There are no sumptuary laws in England now, and who can define what is the "proper dress " for any "station?" If it could be defined, would not a good many mistresses be proved to be as guilty as their maids ? And as to "dressing beyond one's means," can the mistress who " runs a bill at her milliner's ormantuamaker's, which must be cooked to pass muster at the marital audit, cast a stone at her servant who, as a rule, lays ready money for her bravery. She may be very silly to spend so much upon it, but at any rate there is no worrying tick in her fine feathers. At the worst, she has only wasted wages which she had honestly earned. Presently my maiden hailed a cab. The waterman, who had been nodding over his buckets with drooped head and bent legs, very much like those of the fagged, broken- kneed hacks to which he ministered, when at last he perceived the impatiently waved parasol, was about to bring a four-wheeler. He had half awoke the bundle of purple nose, battered hat, muddy boots greasy cape, and huddled legs and arms, heaped in snoring slumber on the sunny box, but thc fair fare who wanted something faster in every sense than that tripped lightly across the road, and as airily skipped into a Hansom. Daintily she closed the apron-flaps with glove-tips a good deal whiter doubtless than the fingers they covered, gave her orders through the trap at one to whom cab-hiring was a thing of everyday occurrence, and bowled away to the enjoyment of her holiday, murmuring blessing very probably on "this 'ere hemigration," which threatens soon to reverse the old positions of the mother- country and the colonies with regard to Abigails. If things in this respect go on much longer as they are going at present, we shall have some colonial Miss Rye inflaming the imaginations of colonial slaveys with accounts of the high wages and the holidays they might get in London and opening Remigration offices in Melbourne and Syd- ney to supply the metropolis with servants. A goods' train was panting and rumbling over the Great Northern, as I passed under t'h. the engine, like some meditative old human smoker, waiting for each pull of vapour to vanish before it gave another, and the guard, who evidently did not enjoy his "Sunday out," leaning over the door of his van with as sullen an impatience as that with which a truckful of brown bullocks peered between their bars. A dusty tramp, bound northward, bearing his boots tied with his bundle on his back, stopped to drink at the fountain under the railway; first ruefully eyeing the announcement with which the station hoardings were placarded, "To Doncaster and back, 12s. 6d." When the goods' train was gone, the shaded archway was so silent that it was difficult to believe, that three days afterwards hundreds of cockney sporting men would be thunder- ing over it to the " Sellinger." In the Liverpool Road I saw four cattle-drovers mutely playing pitch and toss in front of the Rinder- pest-ravaged dairy, whose range of broad roofs sprawled silent as those of a deserted dockyard; two whispering pairs of lovers; a little boy and a little girl slipping in by different doors to the Sunday- school under the Wesleyan Chapel ; a drowsy old man reading, as in a dream, the posters on the Agri- cultural Hall and the high, broad dead wall that flanks it; and two tract-distributors, of the male sex, but, I fear, cowardly disposition (or surely they would not have selected so sparsely- populated a beat, and have thought it necessary to patrol it in couple ten- dering small pamphlets to the very few people they encountered, like cheap tailors' touts who had not yet got their pluck and push up for the business. Those were all I saw until I reached the point where the Liverpool road coalesces with the Clerkenwell High street. Bustle set in there; curving round into Chapel-street. Fruit and vegetables were being bought from shop and stall; "Buy-buy-buy-buy- what-d'ye buy?" chanted the red-faced, blue-bloused butcher, like a monotonous bird, as he sharpened his knife upon his steel; and omnibuses and passengers and loafers, as usual, congregated thickly about the Angel from the various thoroughfares which there converge. In merry peal, as if cherubim were rushing out from school to an unexpected whole holiday; in slow, heavy clank, like that of a tired blacksmith ; in fret- ful tink-a tink, like that of an iron rod rattled in a cracked tinkettle, the church bells had begun to sound, when I crossed into Goswell Road ; bearers of Bibles, prayer books and hymn-books leavened the throng of secular passen- gers with purple morocco and gilt-edges, and brushed with sidelong censoriousness, past the recent razees– still slovenly, save for their pork-white, blue- stippled chins — who issued from the "easy shaving shops," yawning in their shirt-sleeves, and the hobby- dehoy purchasers of penny Pickwicks, who clustered about the cheap tobacconists, buttressed with Sunday- paper boards black lined with bloated capitals. In Aldersgate-street I was accosted by a blandly and yet somewhat anxiously smiling foreigner in the following concise but not very comprehensible terms—"vood, breeje, strait." I thought that it was Dutch, and replied that I did not speak it. Again he painfully enun- ciated, "vood, breeje, strait," with more deliberate emphasis on each, especially the last syllable, even than before. Again I shook my head, and again, still smiling but in a tone of a man who thinks he is being trifled with, he slowly uttered, "vood, breeje, trait. At last it occurred to me that he had been invited to spend his Sunday with a friend in Wood- bridge-street, and was enquiring his way to it; but where Woodbridge-street might be, I could not tell, unless, indeed, he meant Woodbridge in Suffolk. He evidently had exhausted his English; and my continental conversational powers are limited to an asthmatic utterance of the peculiar linguistic hotchpotch indulged in by English- men who "read French, you know, with enjoyment," but certainly cannot speak it with the same. " Parlez — policeman—sergent de ville, you know—oui, oui— he'll show you—comprenez ?—all right—bon jour, m'sieur." Such were my lucid directions to the bewildered alien, but he was still bewildered, and I was obliged to leave him, still repeating " Vood- breeje-strait," like the first line of a piece of poetry of which the rest has been forgotten. lt was with satis- faction that I observed, when I turned my head, that a policeman had got him in tow, since his albert chain and perplexity had attracted the attention of a pack of the hang-dog looking young fellows who lurk at the mouths of London Courts like obscene beasts of prey. Out of a court on my left rushed a slatternly woman in breathless haste ; she sped along the sunny pavement, as if an Avenger of Blood was after her, for a yard or two ; then turned sharp as on a pivot, dived into another court and vanished like a rat. The demure churchgoers started as shs dashed past them. How was she going to spend the next hour or two—in Divine or Devil's service ? In the yard of the Post Office a pile of empty mail boxes basked in the Sunday sunlight, and seemed to enjoy it, after confinement in hold and cellar, like paupers let out for the Sunday. Against the blue sky St. Paul's dome shimmered in grey and purple, and over it high up above the hushed city, gleamed the golden globe and cross. The flashing cross seemed to symbolise a peaceful triumph completed;. but almost within its shadow was the warren of courts in which the fugitive woman was doubling, and presently I passed blind, black, fetter-hung Newgate Prison scowling at the calm brightness that mocked its murky gloom. No greasy grove of beef and mutton drooped in the quiet avenues of Newgate market, and the other adits to Paternoster Row were as silent and shaded as its dry ditchlike self. Chirp- ing, hopping sparrows had taken the place of merry yellow-legged schoolboys playing leap-frog, with blue skirts tucked tip behind in "bustle -like" bundles, in the base yard of Christ's Hospital. St, Sepulchre's bell, as I passed, was giving its last tolls, —pausing every now and then, as if it had finished, and then breaking out again, as if it could not yet make up its irresolute mind to give over,—and a troop of charity chil- dren were hurriedly filing in, severely inspected by the beadle as late comers. The inchoate new buildings in Smithfield and the chaotic waste around rose and spread hushed in sunny calm; but though the ear had rest, the eye ached as it beheld the staring placards on the hoardings. When closed, it stall retained the image of the posters that announce the 100.000 copies sold by one new magazine, the titles of the novels of another, and the "Best Authors and Best Artists" of a third, with the name of the periodical standing out, as though embossed, in the reiterated emphasis of Goliah type. St. Bartholomew's looked in winking wonderment upon the scene, as if speculating as to whether it must not provide a special brain-fever ward for readers and, surely, almost equally nume- rous writers, now that the benefit of clergy was so widely spread. By way of Long-lane I rambled on into Charter- house-square, and there I found more old buildings, marvelling at the fastness of these modern days. No trains were puffing along the Metropolitan Rail- way, and the brief interval of silence seemed to recal to the grave, clerical-looking old brick houses the time, gone for ever, in which they could nod to one another across their green, tree- shaded quadrangle, in sociable somnolence and un- broken peace. The time before the iron monster had knocked daylight into them, sweeping off their com- rades at the bottom like a hurricane, perking its vulgar station up beneath their very noses to pry them through its translucent roof, and substituting in the slim old iron gates that used to guard their seclu- sion, high-shouldered wooden things, painted light drab, and towering between two dreary reaches of draughty railway, instead of being snugly hemmed in by smokily slumberous old dwelling-houses. The gray buildings of the Charter-house, and its frag- ment of gray and black boundary-wall, chequered like a chess-board, looked with milder, more resigned reproach upon the raw gash the railway has made in their neighbourhood. They are accustomed to that kind of thing. The trees in their Square's Garden, its old houses of mellowed brick, are modern interlopers in their estimation. I found myself once more in Goswell-street, in front of a dancing-school ; at least, that seemed to be the weekday vocation of the place, but now it bore a bill inviting "all" to attend the preaching that was going on inside. A depressed-looking woman entered, and I followed her along a narrow passage into a long narrow room. Very few of the All had accepted the invitation. An old man or two, and about a dozen women and girls were clustered at the top of the room, where a little man in seedy black, standing behind a pulpit like an auc- tioneer's desk, was giving out a hymn. The mild little minister looked like a City Missionary ; all his congregation had fagged faces and faded dresses. They were not ragged or dirty, but they fancied themselves not smart enough to go to church and not rich enough to go to chapel, where the chances were that there would be a "collection." Of course, they need not have put anything in the plate, but people of their class – the "decent poor " – have pride about them still, and do not like to advertise their poverty. They appeared to be anticipating an hour's rest and breathing-room, and pious talk about an- other world to solace their hearts thoroughly weary of this, as their only treat after a week of never-ending toil in lonely garret or cramped, crowded court. I waited to hear them sing their little hymn, and there was something very pathetic in its thin, uncertain melody. The feeble pilgrims were faintly rejoicing over another oasis gained in the dreary desert of their life ; it was soothing in itself, and they were a Sunday nearer to their journey's end. Outside the house in Aldersgate-street which, in Macaulay's words, "may still be easily known by pilasters and wreaths, the graceful work of Inigo," leaned another announce- ment of " special services " within. The " wise Ahithophel," with all his profligacy, personal and political, could favour Puritanism when it suited his purpose, but natheless it seems queer that Shaftesbury House should have been converted into a con- venticle. Through the labyrinth of streets and lanes that lies to the north of Cheapside – retaining their old nar- rowness, but built up to the heavens with modern architecture – I wandered at at the bottom of a mazy- galleried, deserted mine. Almost the whole district lay in shade : where sunbeams fell, they had a melancholy look, as if hopelessly cut off from their fellows. I passed one policemnn, planted like a statue beside a corner-post ; one loitering woman, who seemed to have come to keep some tryst there, and hurried by in astonished perturbation when the wrong footfall had made her look up on the lonely pavement she had selected ; and two white-capped and aproned maidens skipping and chatting about a doorstep, and also ap- parently in expectation of company, since one ran ever and anon to peep round the nearest corner, and came back blushing and giggling. Pickford's great place, the Manchester, and other warehouses, towered silent as untrodden mountains. A fanciful eye could see ghosts of departed aldermen looking out from the dim windows of the City Hall. Organ-music, as if in re- sponse to thc scanty sunlight that gilded them, boomed in drowsy mystery, like still sleepy Memnon strains, from the old city churches. A similar drone issued from St. Margaret's, Loth- bury, although the sunlight fell full upon it ; sun- light in which the verger was basking like a cat, as he dreamily regarded his vis a vis, the blank Bank, guarding its gold like a blind sprawling dragon, Bartholomew-lane was empty, and not a single pas- senger crossed between its top and the shuttered shops of the Exchange. Throgmorton-street would have been equally empty, had it not been for an Edmonton omnibus, with no passengers or con- ductor, which pulled up in apparent purposelessness before a private door. What it was doing there – why it stopped where it did (unless, indeed, the horses had gone to sleep) rather than anywhere else were riddles which I was obliged to give up as inso- luble Sunday enigmas. If Austin Friars had been still a monastery, it could not have been more monastic ; most probably the living representatives of the minia- ture stone Augustines, who guard the portal of the chambers just inside the archway, were never be- calmed in so dreamy a hush. The organ of the great church seemed to be murmuring in its sleep. A city policeman conversing with a female office-keeper – the only living creatures, except a few flies and three sparrows, I saw within the quaint enclosure – bowed to the genius loci, and flirted in gruff whispers. Broad-street was quieter still. Not a human shadow but my own fell upon the pavement. There was a look of potential tumult in the Railway Terminus at the end, but for the time its turmoil was sealed in trance. When, however, I had turned up into Bishopsgate-street, I once more plunged into bustle with startling suddenness. The pavements were thronged, and in the absence of the normal number of vehicles, knots of loafers clustered in the roadway, brawling, and larking, and chuffing. Two small boys, almost crushed beneath caricatures of beadles' cocked hats, were solemnly parading up and down, at every second step removing their ponderous head gear with a most graceful bow to the general public ; a piece of facetiousness which hugely tickled the fancy of the East-enders. " Jist look at them boys ! " grinningly exclaimed babe-bearing, child-towing, draggle-tailed, tallow-complexioned matrons, whose weary faces one might have thought incapable of getting up the faintest glimmer of a smile. Even the policemen smiled grimly, and under official protest, at the joke as they stood upon the steps of the station, now and then glancing at the thronged readers of the reward-bills pasted in front, or watch- ing with equally professional interest the progress of a dispute between a member of the force and a Jew nutseller, who, having been bidden to " move on,' was doing so by inches, casting back Parthian arrows of sarcasm as he went, whilst applauding crowds pressed between him and his menacing pursuer. Meantime, other street fruitsellers were driving a roaring trade, and those melancholy, mildewed speci- mens of shabby gentility, the cheap photographers' touts, were shedding their seductive smiles on all and sundry, and almost coming to blows amongst them- selves as they cut off probable customers beneath on another's very sample-frames. The Jews are lucky people ; they can have, if they like, two whole holi- days in the week. A considerable percentage of their shutters in Hounsditch were up, but some were down in the least-likely places, who are the peculiar people with whom gilt time-pieces and china chimney ornaments are in irrepressible demand on Sundays ! It was " high 'change " in the old-clothes mart in Phil's-buildings, when I went by. The chaffering bag-bearers were packed in the small quadrangle almost as tightly as pigs on board an Irish packet. A greasy stream, mingled with floating dust, hung over their tossing heads and pumping arms. They fussed about the choked entrance like bees at the mouth of a hive. A crowded-out score or two had swarmed off and established a supplementary bourse in a neighbouring alley. The air and ear were tortured by a jangling jargon of nasal, sibilant Hebrew-English, capriciously aspirated Cockneyese, and Milesian by no means " mellifluous." The press of the fruit market was over, when I reached " Duke's Place," but all the unglazed fruit stores were still open, and their lack of windows, the nature of their wares, the dark eyes, the dusky skins, and the bright dresses of the dealers made the little square and the little lanes that lead into it look like a bit of an oriental town let into eastern London. One olive- complexioned fruiteress was measuring out nuts in a sky-blue silk dress, gilt, pearl-sown comb, and bracelet with a carbuncle as big and richly red as a ripe plum. A pile of cocoanuts was heaped in front of every store, like a savage warrior's pyramid of hairy heads. Green, smooth, plump Spanish melons lolled about like magnificent schoolboys' "bonsers." Grapes, green and purple, powdered with the brown sawdust in which they were packed, gleamed dimly from kegs, like gunpowder- barrels, set on end. In Aldgate there was more Jewish bustle : butchers, bearded like Aaron, bran- dished their cleavers in the long, low row of open, boothlike shops whose name-boards make one think of a genealogical chapter in the Pentateuch. Both there and in Whitechapel there was plenty of Gentile bustle also. Stalls with bruised fruit arranged in ha'nprths stood thick along the kennels. Sherbet- sellers threaded the throng. Squat old women without bonnets and meagre old men in dingy shirtsleeves humed along in the direction of " the Lane," bear- ing tray-loads of fresh fried fish, shrivelled up like overdone pancakes. You might have walked on the heads of the people in Middlesex-street – the narrow Aldgate ending of the Petticoat-lane district, as the still narrower, ironically-named Widegate- street is its Bishopsgate-street beginning. A lime-dusted brick- layer's labourer, bearing in his bosom a bull-terrier with a bleeding ear and a half, walked proudly along Whitechapel High-street, followed by a clamorous throng,who had just witnessed the canine hero's prowess, and were admiringly escorting him home. Thousands – a good sprinkling of them, but certainly not the majority, in " Sunday clothes" – were pouring out towards the Mile End Road and the Victoria Park. Thousands – with the week's, with many weeks', dirt still on them – were hanging about, not knowing apparently what to do with themselves, unless mischief of some kind turned up soon. By way of Commercial-street – whose church, chapel, music hall, towering warehouses, Peabody Buildings, and Jewish Model Lodging Houses, con- trast so strangely with the squalid, lowering corners of Wentworth-street, Flower and Dean-street, and other thief-burglar-and-harlot-haunted slums, through which the modern thoroughfare has cut, I made a slant into dismal Hoxton ; passing on my road a lot of Spitalfields market-men playing pitch and toss just opposite the porch of Spitalfields Church. The earlier tabernacles were beginning to "scale," but the churches were still open, and, therefore, the publics were still shut. Hard by the Rosemary Branch canal bridge, an open-air orator was holding forth to a congregation of nineteen, whilst five friends who had come to support him, sat with drooped heads on a dais behind, as if they did not much relish the publicity of their appearance. I could not make out whether he was a preacher of the Gospel or a Reform-Leaguer, since all of his sermon, or speech, which I had time to wait to hear was this (delivered with clenched fists and in an Athanasian voice of world-defying challenge) :- "I don't know what you may call such men, but I call them – turn- coats ! You may call them this, and you may call them that, but I call them – Renegades! Yes, my friends, I repeat it – RENEGADES !! Again I repeat it – RENEGADES !!! " A costermonger on the bridge with a sprawling heap of coppers, like a shield's boss, in the midst of his big oblong tray of fruit, encouragingly called out, "hear, hear!" But the other outsiders paid small heed to the impassioned rhetorician. Two youths were belabouring each other with batons they had formed from posters peeled from the neighbouring hoardings. "The best firewood out," satirically ob- served a lounging labourer, as he watched the youngsters stripping off and rolling up a fresh supply. Through dismal Hoxton, whose dolefulness was only relieved by occasional gushes of unctuous perfumes telling of hot early dinners, I found my way into the more genteel but almost drearier Canonbury, and so once more into the Holloway Road. Church-goers were stream- ing homewards now with their wonted complacent look of consciousness that a duty to respectable society had been performed that a heavy load is once more off their minds. The publics had been crammed with thirsty souls the instant the swing-doors fell back. Flushed maidens, in their " Sunday best," some offended, and some tittering – were issuing from them with high-frothed jugs of " dinner-beer." From the even more densely thronged bakehouses issued exultant bearers of steaming meat-pies and plum- pies, legs of mutton dropping fatness on the batter- puddings in which their tripods were stuck, and loins of pork giving similarly greasy baptism to brown potatoes. The general impression left upon my mind by my walk was this – that if going to church is sometimes a not very lively mode of spending Sunday morning in London, noi going to church must be far more dreary to the vast majority of the myriads of Londoners who don't go. 