(From Vw. Courier.) Roha. — 77iur«fay.— A large amount has been subscribed by the residents of the town to enable a party to thoroughly prospect the dis trict— Tue Crown land sale, held to-day, was very largely attended The biddings were spirited, and the land sold realised upwards of £600. Mabybobough— Tkuriday.— A miner named Eldridge has been Btuck-up between Gympie and Yabber, by two armed men having their faces covered. Eldridge was marched into the bush, beaten till he was Benseless, tied hand and foot, and so remained all night Next day he managed to scramble back to the road, where he met a party of four miners who had been robbed and tied in the same fashion. The bushrangers took five shillings and Eldridge's hat and boots, and from the others took £10. — The Pioneer machine, has just crushed 25 tons from the prospectors* claim, on the Lady Mary reef. The crushing has yielded 48B ounces of gold. VT» baaed, yesterday, a dip containing Mae tele graphic sews received of the defeat of the Ministry, and the intelligence appeared to givte satisfaction to most 'parties. The Anembly adjourned until TueadaynexVin order ^6 give Hie MIniitry time to ooawder iwbatcetorw tirty wontttd* in conse qneaoetrf this advene *«». Hit notpribibl* that Hi»E«ceUenoytlje Aetmg-QoTDhior will take any ?taps that will occasion a change in tho Adminis tration, a* hi* anoceoor will arrive in the oolony in the conns of ? few days. - Vartow rumoars are in oiiwilatuw ?» to what Mr. Madwanaie will do or ?dvtae Buler theotanmstaBOM. We aDderttand, how***, ttst ft mi eUted in the Assembly, on Tharsdiy evening, by Mr. fring, is very plain fawns, that if lbs Government wave debated, an appeal woald be nude to the ooMtttnweiea, Tai only extract, of. aa original naibtue, thai w« ean nuka from the last ia«ne of Ob. QNmutnur 7Wt istfcs following paragraph:--' The Z-. 2-. OuctUbftnn its reade-awiUiaii '«6J»arr notice rfofteof tta W ttnUUbff dd wJonWs.' It ii HiiWitrw iart wMlasiy nofew* tar* fcrnghaa a#pem\U4h*1togyb papen nwnyyean before W»^,r&J;*iadapara^J%rf2k.Blan-L Byl*« war.t^|-»gT*»fcl.l^»ea»«*»li.6«rla« tMMrtm* ?AMlbutt gap* *-**« «*m* that St. W&W;* I* * WaifcjJMftk*, niiHtl ,ij ^ It will be seen from our advertising columns that two ministers of the sect of Christians habitually known by the name of Quakers are to favour Toowoomba by conducting divine service at St Stephen's Church. James-street, on Sabbath forenoon next (to-morrow). It may, perhaps, not be gene rally known that the term Quakers was at first one of reproach. George Fox, who is reported as the founder of the sect tells us that the term arose at Derby in 1650, when he was brought before one Justice Bennet, who, he says, 'was the first that called us Quakers, because I bid them tremble at the word of the Lord.' The Society of Friends have no articles of creed to which they subscribe, as exposition of their interpretation of the Word of God. But to that word they adhere s the role of their faith and practice. They hold that salvation to sinful man is only through the one divine Re deemer, the Lord Jeans Christ, and imparted in its living and saving power by the one divine Sancti fier, the Holy Ghost, to whom the work of saving grace in the church is assigned ; and that whatever of true worship is in the worshipper is only of the Holy Spirit, aud whatever there is in his worship which is not of the Spirit is mere formality and, therefore, not only unacceptable and worthless, but sin. There tenets are, in many respects, the same as the standards of the Westminster Divines. They have peculiarities in the manner in which they state the doctrine of the extent of the Atonement ; on Baptism and the Lord's Supper ; on taking oaths ; on marriage ; on the burial of their dead, and some other matters of minor importance among other sects of Christians. Their discipline or govern ment is essentially Presbyterian, though their meet ings do not take the names of the courts in the Presbyterian Church. The representative element enters largely into their system. Their form of worship differs somewhat from that of every other sect of Christians. We understand that Dr. Nelson, whose church they are to occupy, has not laid the two ministers under any restrictions as to form, but he insists that nothing but the Gospel of Christ be be preached by them. Report of Patiknts «n Toovtoomba. Hospital for the week ending August 7th, 18C8 : — M. F. In Hospital lost report ? 19 3 Since admitted ? 1 0 WiBcharged ? 2 0 Remaining in Hospital ? ... 18 3 Receiving out-door medical relief, 10 adults and 5 children. Drs. Stacy, Becker, and Roberts will be the visiting surguous for the ensuing week. Any donation of olJlineu or rugs will be thankfully received. Mr. Hoceinqn, of Brisbane, is prepared to dis tribute a small number of silkworms gratuitously among such fanners aud others as desire to make experiments in sericulture. At the Supreme Court on Thursday last, in its Insolvency jurisdiction, an adjourned first sitting was held in the estate of W. H. Brown. The in solvent was present. No debts were proved. Mr. D. L. Brown was elected creditors' assignee. The insolvent was allowed his wealing apparel, and on allowance of £2 per week, up to the time of passing his last examination. The sitting was closed, and the third sitting fixed for Monday, September 14. With respect to Mr. HayncB, the barrister who mode objections to the representatives of the Press sitting at the table with the barristers and their clients, tlie Burnett A ri/ut says : —Poor Mickey I It's useless taking any notice of -him ; he's quite demented. Not so long ago he was dis covered in his bed-room dancing— in a very primi tive fashion — the reel of Tullochgorum, which lovely air was being played at the time by a musical box, and requested by his landlord to desist, as he not only shook everything in the house, but induced the im pression amongst the rest of the lodgers that he kept a private lunatic asylum there. We all kuow him. A CORRESPONDENT of the Cleveland Bay Eipreas states that Burketown is not in a very flourishing state, at present, owing chiefly to the new settle ment on the Norman River, which has taken most of the traffic from it. All the Lower Flinders squatters are now sending their wool and getting their supplies from the Norman, which is a matter of a hundred miles nearer to Borne of them than Burketown ; and the most of the Burketowuites are leaving for the new settlement. The only traffic to Burketown now is from the Barkly Table land, and a few stations up the Gregory Rivet — enough to keep one store and one publichouse going. The Courier says that Mr. Clark's defection from the Ministry ou Thursday night was clearly and plainly explained. If the reasons given by that gentleman for leaving them to their fate were not the broadest and most comprehensive, they were such as will probably satisfy his conscience in its present tender condition, and will be pleasing to his constituents. He watched by the ministerial cradle, and he is quite prepared to act as chief mourner at their funeral. But what of Mr. George Thorn t How could he, their trumpeter, turn tau, and desert them, and worse still, make his escape under the pretence that he went to look for his big brother to take their part. Ah 1 Mr. George, your 'apurty boy,' aa your friend O'Sullivan would say, ana Ipswich has reason to be proud of you. The Warwick A rgui states that a general meet ing of the members of the Eastern Downs Agri cultural and Horticultural Society was held on Tuesday evening, Mr. P. Hudson in the chair. The secretary read a statement of the accounts of the Society showing a credit balance to the amount of £48 15s. 6d., and that the outstanding liabilities amounted to £27 10s. -kl., also, that the unpaid subscriptions and donations promised were about £40. The balance sheet was adopted on the motion of Mr. J. Mortcan, seconded by Mr. C. Wilson, and the outstanding aooounte were ordered to be paid. After some discassion with regard to the medals re quired for presentation, it was agreed that they should be proourad from Sydney. Mr. P. Lakiog was elected a member of committee in the room o Mr. R- J. Mackenzie. The sum of £6 was voted to the Secretary for his past services, and he is also to receive £1(1 at the end of the present year. The Secretary was instructed to obtain 200 cuttings of ?ugar-etne for distribution to the members of the Association. AlLCDWntothe debate in the Assemblyou Tuesday evening, the Queensland Expnm remarks :— There can be no doubt that this session will not witness a repetition of the political apathy displayed last year. We cannot, while noticing Mr. Francis' temperate and admirable speech, refrain from expressing onr surprise that Mr. Archer, usually a model of decorum in these matters, should have followed the extremely badexmmple set him by the Attorney -General, and the ?till more hilarious Colonial Secretary ; and joined, although in - leaser degree, in the uproarious inter ruptions by which the two Ministers seemed endea vcruringto npsetthe gravity of the mover of the Amendment. Mr. Palmer's manner is simply unbearable j and it reflects no small discredit on the AMtMUytiiftt fas ahoiild, even when all aUowMutos trc'takiUforhim, be allowed to nuke such frequent Mtdrnd* witU test observations in the manner he dee*. ifoQoTvnBMBttttutltcvefaUeneoniiderably ililiniirimpwiliiiirtiiii when they retorted to «uco aoourse at theymntwd la*t night. Never in rulimniiHwj IiMimJ Ins il limnitii niilml thmt a Ministry, to VwSddefert, leftthe Bonn after the roannerof ymterday. WehaTeheardagrutdealabcnit Mr. Palmar'* independent -torrit, it must be about M»«Mi+cMlhfc HHwfcirt, TWb»h*dnswr-«p-tan tetfeiUg* tfetheMbjeotrftttfScrmg*' fettle, «? tomu^AMhdBraat -**? Jt*UU £F UMaKite, Mattt«k»iMMHMlte4taMrlrfBfA to tiut the VinStteifti5fc!»Sifaar;t» t* tSSni hf fete, iHbtMtMMr. llaatlMar«rf*mhhl«Ct. 