^0w^;)^^^^A^ ?'?? .?'?-?-. ~—-7~1**— ? ?..:..:. :;. . ... j THE MUjJER'S REVENGE. rif.arwo paets. — past i, ??.;:'.. There are fewplaces 'within an easy run . of home at which a brief holiday may he Snore pleasantly and profitably spent than f^b Jersey. Both Guernsey and Sark are ?fireli -worth visiting, but. Jersey is pre ,a eminently the queen, of ifoe Channel Island group, both on account of its size and its many natural beauties. Itanaybe 'done' comfortably in a week after the ordinary uTmrmiiTig fashion . of modem tourists ; 'j.h^ i to learn, to love it thoroughly' one ?mi^t reside on it for months, and see it in storm and sunshine, and in all the varying moods which it puts on, like a beautiful, changeful woman. It was my fortune recently to spend part of my 4'*'»«-l holiday on the island. It was not my first visit, and all the chief points of attraction were already familiar to me. On this occasion I determined to explore some of its hidden nooks on foot ; and to familiarise myself, with its more homely features, while striving to gather some idea of the modes of life and habits of thought of the scattered dwellers in its Bays and valleys. In one of my rambles I fell in with a gentleman, an artist by profession, who was engaged in painting one of the many ; romantic headlands which diversify the northern seaboard of the island. He had ? lived for severalyears at St. Helier's when -;a boy, and he seemed to -know by heart *? every legend and romantic incident with which the history of the island, true and fabulous, is associated. It was from his. lips that I heard the following story, which is here told as nearly as possible in Iis own words. We were lounging: on a Mil side, cigar in mouth, watching the Btealthy incoming of a summer tide, and 'the time was the lazy half hour that ? casually follows an out-door luncheon. ^ : -^ ? Bather a curious story ' (began my ^painter friend) ' attaches to that ruined water-mill, of which you made mention this morning as forming a likely subject for a pencil-sketch ; and, as I know you have a slight craze on the subject of folk telling you this one. Not, however, till you have tapped' that black beard in the corner. Thanks. 2Sbw for our Once Upon a time. . . ' The once upon a time, in this case, stands for several years less -than a hundred. The exact number, however, is not known to deponent, and matters nothing to the story. At that time the. Mill- of \La Boquette— such was the name by which it was known — was in good working order, and did as ' flourishing a . business as any mill on the. island. The miller's name was Pierre Lebrun, He was a widower, and well advanced in years. He was as sisted in his business by his nephew Gas pard,' a young 'man of nve-andrtwenty, who had come over from Ooutances, in 'Hormandy, when quite a lad, and had 'jgrown up under his uncle's roof. After' iis wife's death no woman was ever known to enter Lebrun's cottage. Inside the :house and out-everyihing was done hy the miller and his nephew. The two were well matched. Avarice, and that low \- cunning which delights in over-reaching a neighbor, and spending a «hiHJTig to gain a farthing by trickery, were their, chief characteristics. To give them their : due, they were hard-working, men, and what they did was always; done well and to the time, so that the huge wheel (for the Tnill was worked by water-power) was seldom, idle for want of something to do. The mill, and the house in which the miller lived, were both under one roof, and together comprised only four rooms, two being used fer business purposes — one as a living room, kitchen, and parlor together, while in the loft over the latter the miller and bis nephew slept. Behind .the mill was a rough stable and outhouse, in which the miller kept a patriarchal, horse, and a cart so old that it was . popularly supposed to have been built during the reign of Le brun's great grandfather, who had been the first miller of La Boquette. 'So one year went by after another without -weaving any thread of variety into the woof of the dull colorless life led by the two men at the mill, except that Lebrun's hair was, gradually turning as white as his own flour, and that gloomy Gaspard was growing, if possible, more gloomy and taciturn than ever. They were both men of few words, and perhaps that was one reason why they agreed so ;„ well together- , ^ !?: .'. You know the situation of the mill, ithat it was built in a warm fold of the hills, In a little valley of its own, but still high ^-enough above the sandy beach to afford its inmates a grand ^view seaward. In the foreground the most prominent object was yonder reef of treacherous rocks, ' against which, even in calmest weather, the fretting tide bursts in showers of spray. Not that Lebrun or his nephew cared one farthing for the view, or would have expressed the least regret if a high wall had been built up between them and it, and had shut out the prospect for ever. ' Pierre Ijebrun was an early riser. On going into the mill soon after daybreak on a certain autumn' morning, he was stupefied to find a sack of -flour, which he could have sworn that he had tied up overnight, ready for sending home, now standing untied and open-mouthed, having evidently been disturbed by some one since the miller had last set eyes upon it. ' Lebrun's first glance was. at the outer door, but the stout wooden bar with which it was always secured was still in its place: He himself had but just un bolted the door of communication be tween the mill and the house ; and the one small window, by means of which the lower storey was dimly lighted, was set high up in the wall, and barred with iron. As !Lebrun's slow 'mind mastered these facts one by one, lie burst into a cold sweat, and looked fearfully.. ' around. No ordinary human being could nave got at the sack to untie it ; ergo, it ijpoust have been untied by the agency of ^witchcraft. Such was the first thought ithat evolved itself out of the miller's . ipjind. As he stood there, in the ghostly iV grey of the early morning, it did seem to |*ium quite -possible that some pewer more Ifehaniuman might lie granted to those who had sold th«m»elT«fl to th« Evil One, and that he was the victim of a malignant trick, which had its origin in some such compact; :**He took a step forward, and peered closely into the open sack, and then he started back in dismay. The sack had notmerely been opened, but some portion of the contents had been stolen ; a quan tity of flour had been scooped out, probably hy a handful at a time, the mark of four outspread fingers being still plainly visible on the surface of what was left. In an instant the withcraft theory was brushed like a cobweb from the mil-, ler's matter-of-fact brain. A thief, and a merely human thief, had been at work on his premises during the past night. W™ pocket was touched, and that was enougn to rouse hut worst passion. ' * Gaspard ! Gaspard !' he called out, hoarsely, * make haste hither.'. ' There was something in the old man's voice that brought Gaspard at once, half-dressed as he was. - *Yes, my uncle, here I am,' he said. ' * Who has touched this sack ? — hast tiion? Who has taken of the contents? hast thouf demanded the old man, fiercely, as he pointed, with a quivering finger, to his violated property. ' ' No my uncle, certainly not I ; that you know sufficiently well, without asking the question,', answered the astonished Gaspard. The two men spoke habitually in a patois of Norman-French, although neither of them was at a loss to express himself in English when the necessities of the case required that he should do so. ''Who, then, has touched it?— and where is the thief?9 asked Iiebrun, as with glaring eyes he gripped his nephew by the wrist. ' Gaspard shook his head, and gazed helplessly around; If his uncle's su perior wisdom was at fault in the matter, how was it Likely that lie,' a comparative ignoramus, could throw any light upon it? ' Neither could Pierre Lebrun himself , as itturned out, throwany light upon the matter. The premises were thoroughly searched for some traces of the thief ;but, for once, the miller's low cunning was completely at fault, and he went to bed that night a morose and baffled man. The one point of the case that puzzled both uncle and nephew was as to how the thief had obtained both ingress and egress, without in the least interfering with either window or doors. -It was a point that drove sleep, except in brief, weary snatches, from the pillow of Pierre le brun. If it was possible thus to enter his mill without; his cognizance of the mode by which such entry was effected, what portion of his property could be considered safe from depredation ? Evi dently none. Even life itself was hardly secure under such circumstances. ' Next morning it was a great relief to find that nothing had been touched during the night. Several more mornings came and went, with a like result. It seemed as if the mysterious midnight visitor had satisfied himself, or herself, with one visit to the mil] Pierre Lebrun began to recover his ' spirits, and even ventured to joke grimly with his nephew about his loss ; saving that it must have been the devil himself, and he alone, who had paid them a visit,' being, doubtless, in want of a little flour for his next batch of loaves. - ' ' A week or 10 days had passed when, one -morning,- Gaspard heard' himself called again. His uncle, with a face as white as 'his own flour, was standing, with straining eyes, and fingers nervously intertwined. ' * Look ! look ! mon enfant !' he said, in low, hoarse accents. * The' Foul Mend has been here again while we slept. If this goes on I shall he a, ruined man.' ' . . ' As on the previous occasion, a sack of flour had been opened, and part of the contents abstracted. This time the thief had re-tied the mouth of the sack, but in such a « clumsy fashion that the miller's sharp eyes had at once detected the imposi tion. As before, the thief had come and gone, in spite of the bolts and bars with which the mill had been secured over night. The mystery was thickening, and Pierre Lebrun was nearly at his wits' end. 'He was an uneducated man, and consequently, to acertain extent, a super stitious man. He had a lurking faith in ghosts -and witchcraft, but, for all that, the theory of supernatural agency, as connected .with the loss of his flour, had no tangible resting-place in his mind. He was too practical — he had too much of that common sense which is so very common— to seriously harbor such an idea for long. No ; the thief who had stolen his property was, without doubt, a common-place thief enough, quite amenable to imprisonment and hard labor if caught and convicted.' But the maxim of Mrs. Glasse Tiolds equally good with thieves as with hares : ike first requisite is to catch them. 'But t&e; hare that Pierre Lebrun longed to catch was evidently a very slippery aTiimqi ; and the question — -What sort of trap ought to be set ? was one that began to trouble the miller's mind to the almost entire exclusion of every other thought, and one which he could by no means decide to his own satisfaction. And so several days and nights passed quietly away without action of any kind being taken by the miller. Then, one morning, .Gaspard was, for the third time, summoned by his uncle ; for the third, time Pierre Lebrun had been robbed of a small quantity of flour, and for the third time the thief had got clear away, with out leaving anything behind by which he could be traced. ('The miller was furious. He stormed and raved about the miU, making use of. anything but exemplary language. * Look here, little one/ lie said at hist to his nephew, one way or another, tins sort of thing must be brought to an end. I Twill watch in the mill with my big pistol, and will either shoot the thief or catch him next 'time he comes. In one, two, three, four nights it will be time enough for me to begin my watch. Ha ! ha ! I will shoot .Monsieur le Farcur. He shall amuse himself at my expense never again.* .- , 'As Lebrun had decided, so he acted. On the fourth night after the third rob bery he sent Gaspard to bed at his usual hour;, and then, having fastened up the little establishment in the customary way, he ensconced himself behind a bundle of empty sacks in one corner of 'the mill, *xm«d with a huge old horse-pistol, into which he had crammed a couple of bullets, and twice as much powder as was. neces- sary, and which, should an occasion for using it arise, was rather more likely to explode than to go off properly. Lebrun had. also with him a small dark-lantern. ' ' For three consecutive nights the miller watched and waited, with the fierce pa tience of an old fox, for the coming of his prey ; and for three nights his waiting was in vain. On the fourth night, Lebrun was alone in the mill, Gaspard having gone to Hozel late in the afternoon with a load of flour, anl with instructions to stay all night at Bezel, and return early next morning with a load of corn, which a cus tomer had promised to have ready for him by that time. ' Gray, hook-nosed, cunning-eyed, old Pierre had been dozing lightly in his lair, when, towards 2 o'clock in the morning, he heard something that caused him to prick up his ears, and brought back his scattered senses with a shock. He took a firmer grasp of his pistol, saw that his dark- lantern was ready to his hand, and raised himself noiselessly on his kness. The noise which he heard proceeded from the outside of the building, and could be caused only by some one who had no business in that remote spot at such an uncanny hour. As already stated, the mill had but one window, or opening, which was rather high up in the wall, and had two. upright iron bars running across its inner side, as a security against thieves, but had no other framework, and was left entirely unglazed. From Lebrun's hiding-place in . the . inner darkness of the mill, this window showed like' a faint blue transparency against the bright starlight outside. The noise ceased, and presently, to his intense astonishment, Lebrun saw, first the head, next the shoulders, and then the body of some unknown person, apparently of the femi nine gender, come into view, bit by bit, as it cautiously ascended— like a stage ghost rifnTTg .through a trap-door to slow music— till the whole body became visible, dimly outlined against the starlit sky, as it stepped noiselessy on to the window sill. Lebrun did not require to be told by what means the ledge had been gained. Outside the mill, on two stout nails, hung a short ladder, of which he made use in many ways ; but to-night had seen it put to a service for which its owner had never intended it, and Lebrun simmered with rage as this fact made itself apparent to hia dull wits. ; 'But his rage was largely mingled with surprise when he saw the figure, after poising itself for a little whilefin. a listening attidude on the ledge, as if wait ing to assure itself that all was quiet in the mill, begin to squeeze itself , inch by inch, : through .the narrow aperture between the bars. ?* I wouldn't have be lieved that anything over a child : of twelve could have made its way through that opening,' whispered Lebrun to him self, It :was easy enough for the ngure to get iis head through, the bars, but it seemed fcp stick at the shoulders for full two mihute$, and Lebrun laughed a silent sardonic, laugh, and nodded his head grimly, feeling certain that the thief was caught in a trap. TBut a little perse verance overcame the difficulty, as it had doubtless done on previous occasions. Then a push, a wriggle, ana a twist, and the intruder was inside the mill. Lebrun's shaggy brows came down over his dark ling eyes at this, -and he ground bis teeth like a man in a fit. ' , '. : ' * What was the intruder — a child or a woman ¥ was the question that Lebrun now put to himself; H the latter, she must belong to a diminutive race — no woman of ordinary size could have squeezed herself through so narrow an aperture. . But whether woman or child, there could no longer be any doubt as to her felonious intentions. As soon as' she was fairly inside, she leaped lightly from the window sill on to a number of piled-up- sacks of grain, and then slid to the ground. Step ping across the floor, almost as lightly as a cat could have done, and brushing close by Lebrun in his hiding-place,, she made her way, like one to whom the place was familiar, to where some tied up sacks of flour stood ready for delivery. What her after movements might be Lebrun could only guess at. If he guessed that at that very moment nis flour was being stolen, he would probably not be far from the truth. . _ ? : 'He was very impatient T-y this time, but he had not long to wait. In five minutes at the most from the time the figure brushed past him it came gliding back again on its way to the window. He could just discern it by its being a shade blacker than the blackness that filled the inside of the mill. As it was in the act of passing him he put out an iron hand , and gripped it firmly by the shoulder. ' A woman's shriek, loud and shrill, but over in a moment ; a savage bite with sharp teeth that met in the fleshy part of his hand ; a loud curse from the miller as his fingers. ;.let go their grip, and next moment/ as it seemed, the creature he had been holding had scrambled back to the window, and was clinging to the bars like an infuriated tiger-cat. But there she was stopped. Before she had got more than one arm through, the flash of Lebrun's lantern, smote her dazzled eyes, and his deep harsh tones fell on her ear like the accents of doom. '*Come down this instant, or I will blow out your brains !' 'Still clinging to the bars with both hands j she turned over one shoulder a white face, and eyes dazed and full of despair. She hesitated, and the same terrible threat, deeper and harsher than before, echoed through her brain; and there was something in the voice of the man who uttered it that told her it would not lack fulfilment. The bars seemed to be drawn out of her fingers, rather than her fingers to quit their hold of the bars ; and, with a faint cry for inercy, she fell back, a shivering, frightened heap, on to the piledTup sacks/' .-. ? ? ♦ ' 