licltin^strompcilijaurne^umcU. PREVAILING JF ASH IONS. "Whene'er I walks abroad my chalks. How oft amused I be, A watching of them gals what stalks lu stately majesty Down Collins-street, togged out so sweet In dresses made so short, To show their feet, squeezed into neat Made hoots, so newly bought. Some dresses wear that look so free, While others den black velvet; 1 say, when 1 the latter see. , " lie.e comes a female Hamle'." The huts now worn one might suppose A p'ate, in my opinion, The one edge resting on the nose, The other on the chignon. On chignons I won't dare to Ireat— I'm too much of a duffer— Though some as large I often meet As any railway buffer. Some giils huge bows will have behind, Guckii s, heads, a-d laces, Dong ribbons streaming in the wind, When going through their paces. Perched on high heels, with dress so short, As on tliey slowly creep — Oh, what a change has fashion wrought i 'Along trains that once did sweep! j THLXCS TO BE EE3IKJIBEE.F.D. The worst feature in a woman—lierjaw. The worst feature in a colonial boy—His cheek. The hand with- I o..t fingers—The hand of whist. What porter is not j allowed to be drunk?—The railway porter. A musical j w(h)ine—An octave of port. The beds for printers Four-posters. A regular " sell."—Boiight-man, JOKES BY AS ACCOITKTAXT. The portico of the temple of arithmetic is supported by columns of figures. A ledger-keeper can lake an ! important part in Cust(e). An accountant is not a j serpent, 'although he may be an " adder.'* A Parlia mentary arithmetician is always calling out" divide." ' An accountant partial to a-robatic exercises can balance 1 his books on his chin. A dramatic clerk in an insurance ' otfice is the act-uary. The bed of an auditor coutains j balancesheets." The motto of a schoolmaster is "ego sum." The drinking vessel of a bank clerk is a ■' tot" glass. When a clerk is me'ancholy he is pen-sive, and has'an ink-ubus on his mind. Arithmetical assault is striking an average. Office fires can be lit from the cli'ps of the block of a cheque-book. Tiie merchant lover asks the lady for her acceptance. Economical tradesmen are averse to a waste-book. COS'S. Why is a man in front of a crowd likely to be well i supported ? —Because he has the " press" at his back. What class never die of consumption?—Merchants with strong iron chests. TO FARMERS. If you kill a fowl shortly after feeding-time you will have a full crop. TO SAILORS. Sweet fruit will never be gathered from" cross-trees." cos* by tv — a it r. What induced Hamlet to visit the graveyard ?—A lass, poor Yorick. YE OLD BACHELOR. (by OCR L'.Vlj YOU'If CONTRIBUTOR.) Whatever a man of the sons of it-en May write in reviews of the sex above, He feels in bis lieart, to the nib of his pen, Sympathy, softness, indelible love. In the deadliest outbursts of critic ire Affectionate care intermingles with fun; Reproofs ate but screens for too glowing a fire— Smoked glas es tliro' which we may look at th: sun. In tint cloudy north, in these recent times, Some crabbed old bachelor—who can doubt ? — Has been writing tirades upon girls, their crimes. On their comings in and tlieir goings out. He has called them a number of naughty names; He swears as far as is legal iu print; You would fancy the whole social scheme was in flames, Bnt whrD you observe, there is nothing iu't. We can pity that qtierulors bachelor's state, Fuming at loss of some luckless button, Rubbing his poor old hairless pate. Alone o'er the ghost of a scrag of mutton, around him what fruitless remorses throug! Perhaps he has gout, poor wretch, as a guest! He listens iu thought to a maiden's song; He clasps with his arms a susceptible waist. He vibra'es again to a musical laugh; There's the clatter una patter of children's feet; He is day-dreaming, half in a doze, and half Improvising what life would have been if complete. ; Then his landlady enters, with shriekv voice, To tell him ih; coffee and tea are done: O. be p. iv;? i.n, and this is the life of his choice— " A life unloved aud a heart unwon." Uiifortunate bachelo- ! what to him Arc the airy conceits we deride and adore"? A ci'ignon beneath a pretty hat's brim Is a lycllow) cliiguun, and 'tis nothing more. A way with him! Thousands of others wait, Like armies embattled, the word to be loose; To fly in this cause at the fare of fate, And fight, if it's but with the quill of a giose. REMARKS OJf DRESS. BY HIE VERIPATHETIC PHILOSOPHER I was going to commence with the gentleman, but the motto "Place aux i-'cmcs," and my natural polite ness, oblige me to give the ladies my frst attention. William Shakt-peare, Esq., also l nown as Mr. Swan, of Avon, makes a very jw> .seonal and true remark when he says— Cost y Iby habit as thy puree can buy, Kut i.ot expres eil in fancy; rich not gaudy. This advice, my lady friends may remind me, was addressed to a gentleman, and that therefore their charming sex have nothing whatever to do with it, I humbly beg their ; ardoos, bat reply, as Soyer, I think it was, remarked — What is since for the goo-e is races fir the gandi r, and e'ee versa. This will effectually silence their objection. Ladie! do not he under the misapprehension that your figure is made expressly to set oil" your dress, for it is not: your dr ss shoubl be made to set off your figure, fcnt how rarely is this rule observe I. Fashion, not taste, is the goddess yen tall down and worship. How often is it tin*, case that because petite Miss A. looks well in short dresses, scragy Miss H. (sis feet four in her stockings, more or less) thinks that she will also lo k bewitching in a similar style of garment, but with what resuli Collins-street of a fine afternoon will show. Do not think I would ignore fashion in totoI am not so ignorant as to do that. Use it for your own advantage, but do not let it lead you into any ■: ;regious monstrosity of ugliness simply because such monstrosity is fashionable. This '• shows a most con temptible spirit." Full dress is fast approaching that light and airy costume fashionable at the lime when live was the leader of " ton " Not ill it I objeet to such a consum mation, oh, no! I console myself with the maxim, "To the pu e, all things are pure," and so presume this style of uudresbii.g is a sign of modesty (or rather ii la r„u.Ie sty). it shows such an abandonment of snjierHn us material gives quite a airof ' abandon"1 to the fair undressed Tlio time may come when they will only have a land cn to be full dressed. Rut as to the intricacies of feminine costume! Ah, I must refrai-i! I would as soon attempt to fathom the Eleusinian mysteries, to square the circle, or to dis cover how ma- y black beans make five (-0) as to describe the subtle difference between a chignon and a corsage, a fell and a tucker. I stand halting on the lowest step of the ladder that leads to that "'sanctum sauctrruoi" of a woman's mind—thedre.ssiug-ro.m; and long may I halt. Now as to the males Let your aim he to please the d.irlingsex—to give them a treat, and if y. u attempt that, you cannot lie ill dress- d. An over-dressed man is a snob, a l adiy-dre sed one a Loyal Liberal—rls n which two descriptions of bipeds I know none more atrocious. You can discover a gentleman by his linen as easily as by any outward sign, though that criterion is not always unfailing : his manner of eating, how ever, is a snie guide, and one that never lies. There fere, before c hiding a " chum' ask him to Sro't's and there see the •* animal feed." This mode bc.v.s phreno logy and physiognomy into a "cocked hat.* 