CURRENT TOPICS. In •or issue of Friday last we were re quested to give publicity to a letter addressed by Mr George Staveley, a solici tor of this town, to Dr Day, stating that he (Mr Staveley) having had a conversation with Mr Ellis, that gentleman distinctly denied that Dr Day had in any manner interfered in the late case of Harnett v. Keid with a view to aid and assist in the action. To our astonishment we observed ! in the columns of our local contenjporary in its issue ot Saturday, a letter purporting to come from Mr Ellis, addressed to" tfie editor of that journal, flatly contradicting Mr Staveley's statement. The explanation of this will be found in a letter trom Mr Ellis which appears in another column. When it is considered that Mr Ellis's handwriting was perfectly well known in the office of our contemporary, as stated by. Mr Ellis, comment is qqite super fluous. The municipal elections on Saturday passed off very quietly, those in Barwon and Villamanata wards creating hut little interest Mr T. B. Hunt was, as will be seen by the report which appears elsewhere, elected for the former, and Mr Ducker for the latter. It is to he hoped this infusion of new blood into the Council will be the means of adding to its usefulness. There will he a contest in Thomson Ward, Messrs Stoneman and W. S. Hobbs having been nominated. Whichever wins, a sturdy fight may be anticipated, End both being " good and true," the burgesses will have no little difficulty in making their choice. The polling will take place to-morrow, commencing at nine, and closing at four. A collection will be made during the present week in aid of the funds required for the payment of Mr Walker and the Volunteer Band, for discoursing sweet music in the Botanical Gardens during the present summer. As this playing will greatly increase the attractions of the gardens, it is hoped the contributions will be liberal. Mr Thomas Stoneman, one of the candi- ] dates for Thomson Ward, will hold a public medting this evening at the St. George Hotel, Pakington-street. As this is the only occasion previous to the elec tion, which takes place to-morrow, that the burgesses will have of asking questions, there oughl to be a good attendance at the' meeting. - I The number of colonial wine cellars in Geelong is gradually increasing ns this wholesome beverage gets to be more popular. The last addition to the trade is the Eureka cellars, which have been opened by Mr Louis Amiet, of James street, with a stock of the choicest wines that this district can produce: and these arc sold at a price which places them within the reach of the most humble. On Saturday we availed ourselves of the oppor tunity of sampling a number ef the wines, among others a splendid reisling from Mr Pcttavcl's, which as a clean dry wine it would be a difficult matter indeed to sur pass. We also tasted an excellent light herm'tage from Mr Bourquin's vineyard, at Belmont; and a first-class gouais from Mr Nifiheckcr's vineyard, at Ceres; this latter, however, having been recently moved, was not in such good condition as it might have been. At any rate, the contents of the cellar will amply repay a visit, especially from those in quest of lighter wines than what have been recently imported from ; other districts... i The intelligence that the celebrated runner Harris had been beaten by the Sydney man Houlahau on Saturday caused considerable surprise on. Saturday night among our local athletes, Harris being deemed invincible. -Wc are glad to see that Mr Robertson, of the Geelong Col lege, carried off the prizes for both-the events'in which he was entered. It was the general opinion that if our local cele brity Holmes had gone actively into train ing some six weeks ago, he would on Sa turday liaTC been able to carry everything before him. We are glad to learn that the Friendly Societies intend shortly to com mence active preparations for their annual sports on Boxing Day. _ We should like to see such prizes in principal events- that would induce the attendance 'of men like Harris or Higgins, of Melbourne; and Houlahan and Braithwaitc, of Sydney, not forgetting Holmes, of Geelong. "Why should we not have our silver challenge cup in Geelong the same as they have in Melbourne? ' ■ - ; The grand inaugural soiree of the Rose of Australia Huron No. 1 Daughters of Temperance will be held in the .Mechanics' Institute, this evening, when doubtless the hall will be crowded. .. ! On Wednesday evening there will he a military concert in the Aleclianics' Insti tute, in aid of the hand fund of the 1st Geelong Artillery Corps.' Apart from the fact of there being a really excellent pro irrammc provided, the hand has proved itself such a credit to the town; under the I tuition,of Mr Walker, thatuo doubt there I will be a large attendance, if for no other purpose■ than to support it...-Host of the best local amateurs will take- part in the concert, and a string band, promising to be very effective, , is to play the accompani ments to the songs. Among the vocalists are Miss Holland and Miss Holligan, and Messrs J. J3. Down and J. G- H. Thomp son, and also Air Johnny Cowau,^ of Melbourne. The programme is advertised in this issue. * We are informed that Air Mackenzie's : crop of gooseberries is something wonder ful, and, although the ground planted is hot over two acres, there will he at least twelve tons of fhiit. It is certainly surprising that with - such , a splendid ground at their command, the attendance of members of the Corio Cricket Club should, so early in the season, have already become very scant on the, usual weekly practice day. On Saturday hilt few. showed up, about a dozen, and unless the committee arrange for some matches to be played, but little interest will he taken in tins manly pastime during the present season. We have been before requested to notice the attempts of some persons to obstnict and shut up the authorised roads on Point Henry. We are again requested to notice the same thing, which is very much com plained of. These roads, we assume, are !under. the control and supervision of the •Bellarine Shire Koad Board, whose atten :tion we would draw to the matter. We understand that a committee of the Shire Council are to inspect these roads to-day, 'when we trust they will cause justice to he ■done to"all parties. The only occupant of the watchhouse 'cell last evening was a man named Charles Stewart, who was locked up on the previous evening, on charges of drunkenness and breaking a square of glass valued at 10s in the Window of Messrs Sanders and Co.'s shop in Malop-street. ' .The seventeenth of the series of working men's meetings, at the Mechanics' Insti tute, was held on Saturday evening last, but was not so well attended as usual. ■ Air T..B. Hunt occupied the chair, and the meeting was addressed by Air Longmore, M.L.A. Mr Burtt, AIL.A., was un avoidably absent, and in his place another speaker was provided. . , At the Central Police Court on Satur- ' day the Police Alagistrate and Air Parker presided." "Alichael Ryan and George Watson were admonished and discharged | for first offences of drunkenness, and Mary Alasqn; an incorrigible, was fined 10s or 48 | hours'imprisonment. Catherine M'Allis ter was remanded until Alonday on a charge of concealing the birth of her ille gitimate child, bail being allowed and ac cepted, the prisoner in £100 and two riireties of £50 each, on the application of Air Guy, who appeared for the defence. , v The. town inspector has recently been engaged in making an active inspection of the town, for the purpose of lessening the nuisances which form such a drawback to the sanitary condition of the town at this season of the year. The hall court at the Crown Hotel on Saturday was crowded with players, and some exceedingly fine play was shown, in fact some of it was really wonderful. As a man named Joshua Hodson, who is in. the employ of Alr.AViggs, butcher, of Cliurch-street, was in . the act of getting into his'cart, after having delivered some meat at a house in Pakington-street, about eight o'clock on Saturday evening, his foot flipped from the step and he fell on to the kerb stone and sustained a compound frac ture of the leg above the ankle joint. He was conveyed to the hospital by some passers by, and is now getting on very well. In addition to the proposed tunnel under the Straits of Dover, two new schemes, -we learn, have lately been promulgated for facilitating the traffic between England and Prance, One is by means of a species of huge ferry, of great horse-power^ and of proportionate speed, a plan which cer tainly seems more feasible than dees the tunnel under the sea. The other has been proposed by a French engineer, Alons. Boutet, and consists in a suspension bridge of a novel construction between Griz-Uez and the Dover cliffs. This would be an aif" bridge with a vengeance. At die Manchester Unity Hall, this evening, Mr "\V. P. Carr -rill read a paper on " Liberty" to the members of the Gcelong Young Mens' Association. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ballarat Star •writes—'• The information I sent you that the debentures had been sent home by the last mail has been contradicted. Your contemporary could have ascertained ■without difficulty that debentures were j despatched by the last mail steamer, but not the whole of them. The printing of so large a number of bonds is a slow opera tion, and requires unusual precautions; A further instalment of the debentures was placed in the hands of the Undcr-Trcasurer on Friday, and the whole will probably he forwarded to England by the next mail. The delay in their arrival in England will not interfere, I am assured, with the loan, which will be negotiated in anticipation of I ! their arrival. The act recently passed is I asserted to be in no respect different from the previous Loan Act. I have reason to believe my information good, and if so this discovery aho.ut the debentures is a mare's nest."' "• * " ' The Age reports There were 25,000 acres taken np under the provisions of tlie. 42nd section of the Amending Land Act at the recent land selections. The Crown Lands department is expediting as quickly as possible the issue of the necessary A. Melbourne journal furnishes what it terms a "characteristic" speech of Mr Walter Montgomery at Wangaratta. , The proceedings are thus reported :—" He would," said Mr Montgomery, " long remember the 9th of November at Wan garatta. It was the birthday of his patron the Prince of Wales, and before proceeding any further he would ask the audience to give him three cheers, and also three for his Royal mother. The audience heartily responded to the call. Mr Montgomery said lie had fully enjoyed himself in the course of the day—lie had played at cricket, and had also amused himself at the local sports ; indeed, it put him much in mind of a day in door Old England. lie would long remember his trip to the Ovens, although it was by no means a successful trip in a pecuniary sense. The Ovens Spec tator had stated that morning that he had cleared £200 in Beechworth alone. He could assure them he had done nothing of the kind; he had barely cleared his ex penses. But he admitted that he and Mr Rainer had lived rather expensively, and paid for the best of everything; hut he assured them he had made no money by the Ovens trip. He looked more on it in the light of a picnic, and he had seen a considerable portion of the colony, which was to him a very great pleasure. But he did not care tor money altogether—he loved his profession as an art." "Mr Mont gomery," says the Ovens Advertiser, "then gave some of his recitals in his usual mas terly. style." ■ Au important discovery has lately been made by a Swede of the name of Nobel, in the application of nitro-glycerine to blast ing purposes. This blasting material lias been found so far superior to nunnowdpr that it is now generally employed in Sweden in. quarrying and mining operations. The facility with which nitro-glycerine explodes and its liquid character have hitherto proved the two great- hindrances to its more extensive application. Nobel bad been for a long time engaged in seeking . some means by Which the explosive pro perty of the, material might be preserved, but" the -two objectionable characteristics we have mentioned be got rid of. His endea vors have been crowned with success, for he has prodnced. a powder which, while possessing all the explosive powers of nitro glycerine, is yet perfectly free from danger. This new powder is called dynamite. It resembles light-colored brickdust, may be pached in barrels or chests, will not explode from concussion, .and is cheaper than nitro glycerine. Several experiments were made with it about a twelvemonth since in the neighborhood of Stockholm, which H. M. consul at that city has fully described. A piece of rock, .estimated to contain 11,000 cubic feet, was lifted to some height from the ground by a charge of .only 10lb of dynamite. A handful of this explosive material was placed on a flat stone 3ft by 2ft and 1ft thick. The dynamite was fired by a percussion' cap and. a line, aud the stone . was" broken to pieces. In another experiment, 81b of dynamite laid on the ice in one of the fiords," in a box (the ice being nearly 18in thick) made a rent in the ice 9ft long by 2ft broad. These experi ments, says the consul, "clearly proved the enormous power of dynamite; its complete freedom from danger in connexion •with transport, loading, ignition, and con cussion ; and its many advantages to gun powder and nitro-glycerine, as applied to mining and blasting operations." Wc shall probably hear more of this novel and useful material. : . | In a despatch of the 14th of August, published in Friday's Gazette, His Grace the ,Duke ofBucldngbam intimates, on behalf of Her Majesty, that the sentiments expressed in the congratulatory addresses to Her Majesty on the preservation of the life and restoration to health, of His Royal HighneSs the Duke of Edinburgh, from the Manchester Unity Independent Order of Odd Fellows, the mayor and corporation of the Town of Geelong, and the mayor and corporation of the borough of Belfast, have afforded Her Majesty much satisfac tion. ; ' In the Equity Court on Friday, argu ments were concluded in the case of Hastie y. Curdie, a suit to determine the construc tion of the will of the late Mr John Hastie, of Corangamite, and judgment was re- i served. - : The quantity" of , the precious metals. which annually passes through San Fran cisco, it appears, is far in .excess of that which comes through Melbourne. In addi tion to the goM and silver raised in Cali fornia, the adjoining states of Oregon and Nevada, the territories of Washington, Idaho, and Montana, send their produce to San _ Francisco, and some is received from British Columbia and Mexico. The total quantity of gold and silver received in that city amounted in 1863 to £9,034,000 ; in ■1864 to , £10,702,600; in 1S65 to £10,773,570; in 1866 to £ll,0S9,734; and in 1867 to £11,113,360. The Age states It would appear from the -published programme of the next cruise of the Galatea, that Victoria is to be passed over. In reality, however, although the ship will remain at Sydney, the Duke of Edinburgh will visit Melbourne. Inti mation of this intention has been received here. The Ballarat Star says :■—A memorial to the Chief Secretary is now in course of signature, asking that Civil Service exami nations niay be held in Ballarat. The memorial points outjthafc a large number of young persons are practically shut out from these examinations, owing to their parents being unable^ to defray the expenses en tailed by a journey to Melbourne. The request secnis to be a very reasonable one, and there cannot be a doubt that if local examinations were held a much larger num ber of persons resident in Ballarat would endeavor to qualify themselves to pass, and thus a commendable spirit of emulation would be aroused." The request is a very proper one, and if granted, the privilege should be extended to Geelong. It is much easier for Mahomet to come to the mountain than for the mountain to go to Mahomet. Some tidings have at last come to band (says the Brisbane Courier) respecting the movements of the accomplished swindler who lately gulled so many, under the asaimed name of Count Von Attems. Cap tain Howe, who was in command of the Hamlet s Ghost, writing from Somerset, on September 29. tells his wife that he has left the vessel, and will shortly he in Bris bane. The Count (?) has set sail far the Hast Indies. How many of our readers will say boil voyage ? The Age states—The Government have nominated Messrs Hodgkinson, Odgers and Templeton, P.M., a board of inquiry into the charges preferred by Mr Wright, the secretary of the Railway department, against Mr Jeremy, the traffic superin tendent. As there is some misrepresenta tion of the cause of Mr Wright's suspension, ma7 serve to remove it by the statement that it is attributable to bis having exer cised a power not delegated to him, to call the employes of the railway department before liim, and, and constituting himself a board of inquiry, examined them with closed iloors as to any 'evidence tliey were able to give against Mr Jeremy, who was not represent ed at the inquiry. The secretary to the hospital has sent the following letter to the editor of the Argus:—"Sir,—Referring to your leader in the Argus of this morning regarding the Geelong Hospital, I would ask you to allow me to give the following facts. With yonr opinions and arguments it is uot my busi ness £o interfere. ""At .the faceting of the .committee to which you refer you say there were ten members present: There were fifteen. This may make very little differ'^ encc. The committee have examined into every complaint that has been made against the resident-surgeon, and have satisfied themselves thus that he has not neglected his duty. They inquired into Mrs Bur nett's complaint, and came to the same conclusion. A Melbourne jury upheld that conclusion, or they would have given a verdict for the plaintiff. A meeting, at which sixty subscribers were present, had previously,' by a majority pj' forty-nine— others not y'oting—upheld that conclusion. The committee have a regular system of visiting, chnnged every month as to the visitors •, and thev moreover require every pttie&t; before leaving to give a statement in -writing as to how they are satisfied with the treatment they, have had. Thus they satisfy themselves as to Mr Beid's attention to his duties. Mrs Crawley made her com plaint in writing when die left; and at the nest meeting of the committee (nest day) she was heard; and the nurse was also ex amined. The minutes proved this. Dr. pay's statement, that the committee had refused to hear her, and your statement, doubtless founded on his, that, 'at any rate,"the complaint was not heard,* are in correct.—I am, Sir, your obedient servant, The Secretary. Geelong, 2s o v. 13." The wreck of the steamship Taranaki is now advertised for sale, and tenders will be received by the 2Ccw Zealand Steam 2savi nation Company up till the 30th 2s o'vember. This opportunity will doubtless he taken advantage of by the Ballarat Ship-raising Company. The situation of the vessel is said to be - extremely favourable for the operation of raising.. The Bulletin's Brisbane correspondent ventilates the following"Before closing, let me tell you of a duel that took place on hoftd a vessel lately arrived in Moreton Bav. I do not vouch for the accuracy of the details of /what took place. I give them to- you as they were told to me, omitting the names of the parties con cerned. A young man who was coming out here to some, friends had a misunder standing with another passenger on the voyage, and, being rather of a soft turn, his fellow passengers thought it a rather line opportunity for a lark. Accordingly theyprevailed upon the offended gentleman to demand an apology or accept pistols and coffee. By a little strategy on the part of the passengers, the latter was chosen. ;Time and seconds were named, and the two antagonists were placed. At the signal the young man fired, and immediately the other lifted his hand to his forehead, blood flowed freely, and he fell on the deck. Not until then id the yonng man feel the awfnlness of his position; he ran below, fetched the most sacred of all hooks, and, returning to his antagonist, read to him and administered to the best of his ability at such a critical moment the consolations of religion. After keeping the poor fellow in a state of terror for some time, he was enlightened to the fact that the pistols only contained a small charge of powder, and that the blood on the head of his antagonist was the blood of a couple of fowls killed that morning for their dinner." This (says the Glenorchy correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser) has been the qnictest wool season ever known on the "Wimmera; hawkers, township store keepers and tradesmen have felt it keenly, and even the publicans have had a poor hauL This may he partly accounted for by the fact that the majority of the men being farmers, selectors, &c.;, have carried their earnings home to meet their liabilities there. The bulk of the wool has been carted away from the stations already. The original carriers of the country, such as bullock-drivers, complain bitterly that the Germans, with their horse teams, are starving them off the roads. This year the forwarding agents, Brown, Osborne, and Co. and Broadbent Brothers, have contracted for the carting of goods to and the wool from the stations, and as there are many German teamsters employed by those firms, the horse teams being quicker, • get the preference. Some bullock-drivers, foreseeing such a state of things, have wisely selected land, and fortunately the extension of the 42nd section will enable others to get a chance, and as there 'will he lots of fencing and ploughing going on, bullocks will rail be found useful and pro fitable, hut not on the roads as carriers of merchandise. The Geelong Gaol returns for the week ending November 14 are:—Awaiting trial, 4 males, 1 female; on remand, 1 male; medical enquiry, 1 female ; road gang, 4 males; hard labor, 35 males, 7 females; imprisonment only, .6 males, 2 iemales.' Total, 50 males, 11 females, 1 child in arms. 