TO THE HON. JOHN ROBERTSON, M.L. A. (Per favor of the Freeman's Journal.) Sir, — This is my fourth serial in the shape of a public letter ; but I fear the beauties and pas toral excellence of Carpentaria as well as your present parliamentary exertions, will dim the brilliancy of my argument and distract your at tention elsewhere. Bat, Sir, if you give me your ear I will try and wind up my observations by a summary, connecting my four communica tions, The panic on the occasion of the Prince Alfred tragedy formed the topic of my first epistle, in which I endeavoured to show the in justice of stigmatising the Irish nation and the Catholic faith for the crime of a monomaniac. This test k adopted nowhere. If it be, apply it to the crime of Oxford, an Englishman ; of Or 8ini the Italian, or to the crime of that young Pole who shot at the present Czar. While I write there ib the case of the assassins of Prince Michael of Servia ; nor in nay hurry can I omit mention of Galleriga, the would-be assassin of Chwlea Albert, or of young Booth, the dramatic murderer of President Lincoln. Now, Sir, if the logic of certain bigotttd apouters be correct, it must follow that all these various nationalities touat plead guilty collectively to the crime. Btf. I feel that such absurdity will refute itself . My second letter took a different direction. After explaining why I singled you out as my correspondent 1 proceeded to point out the social and political duties of Irishmen as well towards Ireland as towards Australia. This I considered of paramount importance. Some talk as if, once left, Ireland ought to be forgotten and ig nored. The folly of this advice is obvious and its injustice is plain. Will any English or Scotch colonist adopt the same rule regarding his native land 1 Or is there anyone who has not felt the words of Sir Walter Scott, Breathes there a man with soul so dead Who never to himself has said : This is my own, my native land ! Away, then, with that unhallowed teaching which would stamp out the noblest instinct of our nature. Yet I need to be understood. I place Australia first, and make her interests paramount and supreme. We came here and found a home ; we are free Austialian citizens, making our own laws ; and, therefore, this new and lovely country claims our holiest allegiance. What, then, is to be said if our island empire is daily vilified? Mr. Martin has no nobler designation for our law courts than 'Briti&h; courts for justice.' Mr. Parkes delights to hold up for imitation 'the educated English man.' Now, surely, Parkes may be self-taught, and a very clever man, but no educated Briton comes out of the workshops or back slums of Birmingham. Other . foolish legislators there are who rail our local Assembly a ' British Senate House.' By the way, as an educated Irishman, I can see no compliment in all this, and I thiak Mr. Driver of your honorable house will agree with me in dubbing our national institutions with their proper name — 'Australian.' My third letter condemned the passing of the Treason Felony Act, and the prosecution of the Freeman. But both measures are now likely to fall to the ground in deference to the Irish vote. At this juncture of my communication a political volcano has burst, putting peu, ink, paper, and all things else in confusion. Parkes resigns, and is followed by the Kiama ghost ; Duncan, an officer of a score years service, is dismissed ; and you have checkmated Martin, who, after lecturing Buckingham of Chandos, and trying to bully Belmore, takes up his ornamental hat and clothes, and tells Geoff, and the Dr. to follow him into private life. I say, ' God speed them !' while a Hiber nian friend taps me on the shoulder and says, 'No! d ? take them, and may they never come back.' These, indeed, are nice amenities to hare won after the labours of office. But these men were despots and absolute partisans. The gods, therefore, first set them mad, and then destroyed them. They had aroused reli gious and national hatred. They had vilified our Irish and Catholic citizens. They had hatched an imaginary treason. They had brought our country to the verge of bankruptcy. They had most summarily tyrannised over civil Bervants. They had defied the most solemn votes of the Assembly. They had lectured the very Governor himself ; and then, surely, it was high time they should retire from office.— Yours, J. 0. G. 