SHOP. ^ \\\ hy uo peoplo talk shop ? This is a ques- | tion that may be ask.-d with somo surprise, i Da thoy not get enough of it in the way of busineis? Ii' so, why do pnnp'o talk shop? InAu«tralisatho greater number of Shop talkers aro tho#e who dwell in tho bush, and this because bushmon aro by far tho most numerous class. Lot us seo, then, why bush men will persist in talking shop. Bnshmon are of two great daises : the ' old hand,' aud iho ' now chum.' Seniores priowi— to tvhr will tho old haud talk thop. Tako a man who has been his twenty to thirty .years Ia Australia} who has spent nine- tenths of thut time iu the bush, among sheep, horses, and cattle. Surely, lie should have 'Jiad enough' of his profession ! And yet how ninny thero tire who, wherever they may bo, will talk of uothiug else (hun stock and stations. Tho lifo of n squatter or puprr is not ono calculated lo foster high uspirutioin. Thoro is no ecopo fur the display of genius. A man is kept down to tho samo routine of duties year uflcrycar. Iu January he looks forward to weaning. IIo engages men for tho new flocks about lo bo formed. That over, ho has to select rams to suit his various llocks. Tho next thitig, preparations must be made for lambing ; yards ami humpies must bo put 1 up, hurdles shiftca nnd repaired, iiioji iho lambing itself engrosses his nttcntion. After tlmt shearing. '1 tn-so nro the four great events in the squattei'a year, rill in with u quant, suff. of lost sheep (which must b»« looked for), native dogs (for which poison must be laid}, nnd sometimes n little hunting for tho carrier to tako tho wool awny, and the year is complete Ono would think that nfter twenty years (say) of this sort of thin;' a man woiil'd bo rather tired of it, nnd though content enough to stick to it m a means of making money, yet that I10 would bo only too ghid lo forget his station whenever ho eould, But this is not tho ease. Sco two or three old haud* get together in town, whero they havo every vcrsation. In nino eases out of ten it will°bo found lo bo of stock. If they urn all 'ehrep,'' then they discourso of sheep. So*niul-so's ini parted rams, or how well such nn one's wool was got up, &c;„ Ac-, od libitum* if they aro all eattlo men, Ihrn.fo tho conversation of cattle. Tho splendid avcrago of the last mob So-and-so sent to tho pats, aud so on. If however they happcu to bo a mixed party, soinc sheep men nnd eotro eattlo men, then is their tulk i-f tho horses, Evory nun has, or is supposed to have, somo of Ihu 'horsey' clemrut in his composition. If not, he must be u ' crawler.' Tho horso forms, as it wero a netural ground upon which both Undo of j men— slu'cp und cattle— may disport them* I selves logei.icr wiuiout uangcr ot tho atno* llicred contempt which each ha9 for tho other brcaling out. Tho sheep man despises the eattlo man bccauso lie feels himself tho more sciontfie oftho two. On a cattle stution wash* pools with ceutrifugal pumps nro not needed; objcct. Therefore Iho eattlo man, though a good sort of fellow enough generallv, u good I fellow, nnd primo hand iu a yard— which | latter includes great pluck and coolness— is'l noi niucu 01 a icitowuttcraU. J.J10 nund, sir, I tho mind is wanting. So feels your sheep I man, and ho despises tho other accordingly. I On tho other hand your eattlo man thinks, ' Or, anybody can look after thesp I Thero aro many things to bo learnt, certainly, in order to nmnago shorp well, but any old wanian can learn them. So ho looks upon mo snoop mon as a sort ol ' OooK-wonn,' so to speak, _ After sheep thcro is 11 - hard rid* ing, and iu tho yard uo danger, so tho *hccp man is rather a ' crawler ' than otherwise. Hut tho question remains unanswered Why will tho old hand talk shop ? Can it bo that it is bocauae ho cannot riso above sheep, horses, aud eattlo ?— becauso ho has but 0110 idea, ' atoek and stations ?' Tell ono oftheeo old hands eo, and ho would no doubt bo very in dignant ! but it ia true, nevertheless. This is to uo uk-pioroj, uui wnat auau wo aay 01 tno new chum, who wishes to bo thought a bush man ?— nnd it is what mnny of them do. Hear a couplo of Ihcso fellows, with that object in Tiow, telling of iho moving accidents, by flood and field, which bavo at various limes befallen them Thus tho aheep new chum will tell ' how thero was a mob of sheep lost from tho Well Station, and how Jack and I went out to look for (hem, uud how wo found tho second night's camp, when Iho dogs hud got among them, and scattered them all over tho blessed country,' Or, perhaps,1 they aro eattlo new chums, in wbiuh yon will hear ' how that brindled bull chased mo down the nugo at the iiurrojong Camp, and how be would lmvo caught mo too, by Jovo 1 ouly that ho had eight bullets in him, and was only to run Dfty yards when ho fell and died.' This Utile sort of thing Hint goes nn constantly umnng new chums, 'i'hi-y are never weary of talking Shop. Their ol.ji ct of cour.*c is to bo thought. bii«h(iien 5 but il'iln-y knew thut their gr.-i?iuic;s i) rendered only moro verdant by iti pu'jlie. Tin) old hand who t .ilka shop beeatnelio i-.m't Mil; anything else, hecau'o his brnin is n.fdted, his reason tiuldted by hulf 11 iifo's de votion to h most grovelling pursuit, he indeed is to he pitied. But tho new chum who falls into th.i Mine error through aheir vunitycnn O'dy bo thought nn n»s aud a bore ; and tho si'ver«-£t punishmcdt that can bo wished him is that ho may in timo become a thorough biiHhrnan.— Communicated to Peak Downs Telegraph. A Lo.va-Lirt.'D F.uiir.v.— Kighty onf vears ago— when thu United States began to lr-uno their constitution, and tho 11 rat (\mviYl colo. i-ls left Kngl ind for Now South Wales— three Penzance boys and a girl followed their father lo his grave, AU aro yet ulivo nnd well, and mav bo seen in our streets. Susan Uren is 9o 1 Jutue.1, 89; llcnry, Sti ; and John, 81. For fifty years Sih ui wa's iu tho tin rctlnory, and Henry in tho tanyurd, of Mrvers. T. liolitho aud Sons. Tha 'mother and fulhtrof thesa four died comparatively young, but their craudinotlu r lived lo bo ill, and reaped ut thengooflOl. Tho family of John Uren, tho youugest ofthis vigorous -piateriiity,conaislcd of seven boys and two girls, tho oltlesl CO, tho youngest -10, all living and iu cnod health. Two sans, William and Joseph fought through out the recent American strugglo, Joseph for the South and William for the North, endured many hard*hipsi but gavo ttp soldiering with unimpaired energy, und ono is saving lift) iu stead of destroying it, for ho is ot work on tho Wolf Hock Lighthouse. - Tho family aro tall and spare. Wo nocd not point out the changes its older members havo witnessed in European, English, nnd local history, sinco tho Froucli Revolution, Iho day* of Ditt, Fox, and Burke, nnd tho timo when Wesley stirred tho half-civilired tinners of Cornwall,— Cor- uish Telegraph. Tun Path op SAtrrr,— Tho darkest day in any man's earthly career t9 that wherein ho Qrst fancies there is eomo easier way of gain* ing a dollar than by squarely earning it. No matter whether ho acquired it by beggary, by (heft, or any fashion of gambling, that tunn is fi:nrfullv demoralised who ' looking at tht- i dollar in Ids palm, soys, ' That came easier | than if I had earned it by honest labour.' IIo 1 has lost the cjtio to his way through this moral labyrinth and inu3t henceforth wander ns cuanco may dictate. To his distorted appro- 1 honsion, tho universo has boeomo a gambling J table, and lifo a succession of ventures on tho red or 011 tho black. His prospects of win. ning thereat, in tho long run . aro miscrablo enough. I om painod to hear any ono say of tho wisest and best man living, 'I pin my fuith to him. I am suro ho never can go wrong.' My friend; you hare a right tore, pose . faith but in God olono I Man is frail at best, and ho who waa upright and noblo yea- 1 terday, may provo fulso and unworthy to morrow, Cliugto truth andjustico, though all tho world should decry them. Give your conscience eyes, and . novor fear that it will mislead you. Others may bo richer iu know l-dgo and wisdom than you 1 but a puro and lofty soul has no earthly superior,' and should recogniso nono. Hold fatt to whatsoever is righteous j and whatever olouds may for tho moment enwrap you and intercept . tho smilo of heavon, never bo so iofldel as lo doubt that h 0 pith of virtuo ii tho only way of safety— the only-way thut loads to perfcct and endur* iug peare.— Greeley, ?? ButiTAT.i'AssAUi.r ay a CniJumN.-~A poor old man ktiown as Billy, ono of (hose uuforlunuto creatures who are girento drink, ing all they earn, and who periodically haunt certain public houses, wan all but killed by n brule ofa Chinaman oa Wednesday morning*. It seems that the old man hud gmio into Mr Hill's kitchen early in the morning to warm himself nt tho (Ire, nnd by some incident up set a boiler of water. Tho Chinese cook, who slept in tho adjoining room, sprang out of bed, aud attacked Iho old man with 11 stick,! beating him in a most savage manner, and dragged him out of the !iou«e. Tlio cries of Ihe old mau awoke Mr Earls, and ho obtained Iho assistanro of constable GliVn, who jointly took tho Chinaman to Ihe lock-up. Here (he lock- up keeper refused lo ndtcit tho prisoner because neither party had witnessed tho as sault, and.the Chinaman was set nt libertr. Iticcms doubtful whether the old man will recover, and ^his assailant may possibly cscopc. Tho Hnbart Town Mercury is responsible for the following : — Terry Moore (a Tipperarv boy) seeing Mr Special-constable Dix iu the street, on Monday, apparently taking him for a great bargain— a rule goold ring — for eight* cenpence, or uren for u shilling j ho was so 'niortial hard-up.' Mr Dix has passed a considerable quantity of jcwelli-ry through hia massivo fingers, and is a prelty good judgo of the gcr.uino metal. He at onco estimated (ho value of tho ring lo bo a small fr;ictionof a penny, nnd tho material brass j but ho merely agreed to the forms, nnd tohl Terry to como on and ho weuld pay him the shilling Terry would'rather have received prompt pay ment; hut fiowasUie slave of the ring, and he followed it uotil its custodian hearing tho ominous square oppojile to tho police station, ho took to his he.*!# and fled for hi9 liberty, Dix, however, secured him and handed him A Staob Otto.vr — A humourous story of a stage ghost is told in Kumond's ' Life of Elliston,' aided by illustration from Ihcelch in; needle of Ge-irgJ Cruikshink, executed in quito his happient manner, Dowton, the nrtor, performing a ghost part—to judgo from Ihe illustration, it must hare been tho ghost in 'Hamlet,' but tho teller of tho story does not say formally that such wn« tho fact— had, of course, to be lowered in the old fashioned way through a trap-door in tho stage, his faco btlnp lurnril (omink tlio atiillnm. EIJi«lon CS .I'1',' ,t I on--,.t!i JW proniled llicns-hvi will, ,„„n ratlin «harply »i,a rnpMlj lo tlio ralrc. of lib lcn«. unprotected ly- tin* jiiitc. nrmour Hint uracod I , J'ow ton witli difficulty nro ,l! f «f countenance, or refrained ! ;r»mt,w 'ttcrance ofu tell of ogany whilo in tlio prtMiieo of tlio niidienro. llii lower limb, tieiicatli tlio inrfteo ofllio .ta«o frisVe.1 C0,CTC','J ',lout ' life, n liorsoiu Dn,', arena, ]fi« passugo lelow was tnaliciouslv inudo as deliberato as possible. At length, wholly let down, and completely out of sight of the audience, In, looked round tho obscuro regions beneath tho stago to discover (ho per petrators oftho outrage. Ho was speechless with rajeand burning forrevonge. EHiston and his companion ha.l of. course vanished. Un fortunately, at that moment Charlea Holland. ftnotiier member of tho company, splen didly dressed, appeared in sight. Tho onroged Dowton, mistaking his man, and be lieving lliat Holland's impcrtnrbabiiitv of manner was assumed nnd an evidenco o*f his jjuilt, seized 11 mop at that moment at hand immersed in very dirty water, and thrusting it m hu face, utterly ruined a wig, ruffles, point lace, and every particulorofliiselaburoto a(tire. In vain Holland protested his inno* : cencc and implored for mercy ; his cries onlv stimulated the uvengcr's exertions, and again and ngain tho saturated mop did desperate j execution over Iho unhappy victim's finery. — Cassoll's Mng-mne. Political Poems, nr Victob Hcao and Oabidaidi.— Victor nugo, tho illustrious poet and cxilo, recently addressed a brilliant and impassioned poem .to his brother Hepub* livan— Garibaldi— on tho discomfiture at Montana, caused by Iho intervention of tho French army. Garibaldi replied in poetry, and his verses show that ho can weild a pen ns well as Ihe sword. Tub Late Bishop OELicnpifLD,— On ono taneo of diligent painstaking preparation for tho putpit, u verbose young clergyman said, ' Why, my lord, I often go tho vestry even without knowing what test I shall preach upon, yet I go up and preach an cxtemnoro sermon, and think nothing of it.' Tho Bishop replied, *' Ah, well, that ogrces with what,I hear from your peoplo, for thoy hear tho aermou, and they also think nothing of 