{'ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION DURING THE WEEK. MR. THOMAS BAWDEN-At his RoonT, on TiiunsDAY NF.xT, at ll o'clock sharp, tho Whole of the Choice Landed Property of the late Mr. JAMES L. MICHAEL, consisting of Four Allotments, of Two Roods each, situate in "Victoria-street, ' with a frontage to Fltzroy-stroet, upon which is erected a Comfortablo Six Roomed Cottage ; an Allotment of Two Roods and Right Perches, with .'. n frontsgo to . Mnry-strcct, fenced ; . also Two Roods and Eight Porches, in Pound-street, fenced ; also, a Suburban Allotment, on Carr's Creek. MR. THOMAS BAWDEN-At South Grafton, on SATUIIOAV next, at ll o'clock, Four Working Bullocks with Tackling, and nearly new Bullock Dray. TUB LATE BJSUOP- OP GRAFTON AN AUMIDALE.-A Inrge and1 Influential committee i clergy and laity have embodied themselves In ll neighbourhood in which tho latoBlshop Sawyer reside in England for ten years previous to his consocratloi for the purpose of raising a fund for the benefit of h four children, for whoso education ho hos left n adequato provision. The sum af £1300 had bec raised in Juno, for tho Trust Fund. LATINO THE FOUNDATION OP ALL SAINT' CIIUUOH, IjAWnENCE.-Wednesday last, tho day fixe for tho laying of tho foundation-mono of All Saint' (Anglican} Church, Lawrcnco, was almost observe as n publie holiday, most of tho places of busincs being closed, though fow of our citizens availed them selves of tho excursion to Lnwrenee, hy tho Granau steamer, which had boen chartered for tho occasion and when the vessel left Grafton, theta .wai not mor than about seventy souls on board, Incluth'irg'W' choir; at Ulmarra and Brushgrove, however, ilia number was considerably augmented, and by thc tim the vessel reached her de-tination, there was aban 130 or 140 on-board; amongst the company, was th Rev. lt.. SVintèrbothom, tho incumbent of Giafton On arrival at Laurence, tho visitors «ere met by tin Hov. J. Spencer, and tho>Rev. T. H Shaw, and con ducted to'tho ii« fixed for tho church and parsonage olongsldo the residence or Mr. C. B. Dobbin, ant which from Its elevated position commands n vcr; line view of tho Clnronco Uiver and scenery around Thero was a printed progrommo of tho order of pro cession, but thc hymn appointed to be sung by thc choir on cntcringthe ground, being strongly objected tt by many membursof the church, tho clergy very wlselj substituted the To Daum, Mrs. Wintui botham pre. siding at tho harmonium, (which had been taken donn fi om tho Ulmarra church for tho purpose,] followed by tho usual church responses and thc rehearsal of tho creed. Tho Rev. T. II. Shaw then took for his text part of the 10th verso nf the 28tli chapter of Isaiah^ " Beheld I luy in Zion for a foundation a stone, à' tried stone, n precious cornet stono, ii sure foundation; lie. that bclicvcth shall not make husto." From vhich. the rev, gentleman delivered not only rîn cloquent 'but truly evangelical discourse ; and nt tho closoi.a collection was made amounting to £20 2s. 3d., (including a cheque from Mrs. Ogilvie, tho mother of tlic^Uoti. E. 1). Ogilvie, for jClfi.j Tho ceremony of laying the foundation stone, was then proceeded with, and tho same having boen propnrcd, Mrs. Ogilvie proceeded to spread the mottar ami the stone was lowered, which she tapped «¡th tho mallet, using n! thc same time tho following words :-" In tho faith of Jesus Christ, wo placo this loiinilation-stnno in thc nnmo nf God tho Father, God tho Son, mid God tho Holv Ghost. Amen." Tho Rev. J. Spencer adding:- "llero let true faith, tho fear of God, and brotherly love, over remain : this place is consecrated to prayer and to thc praise of tho Most Holy Kaine of our Lord Jesus Chi ist. Amen." Tho hymn " Christ is rando tho suro foundation," &c.; was then sung, followed by several prayers, at tho conclusion of Which tho clergy, choir, and congre- gation left tho ground, singing " Wo love tho place, O God," &c.; Thc whole of tho service wns intoned. Tho mallet and trowel used on tho occasion, madu by Mr, E. C. Laman, from tulip wood, inlaid with beau tree, and polished, were much admired-not alone for tho very iinndsnmo material used but tho excellent workman- ship and lacie displayed in thc maniifacliiro of the same, which we hnvo' no doubt will bu highly prized by Mis. Ogilvie. Tho church is to be built of wood, ou n brick foundation ; with tho parsonage attached, consisting of fivo rooms, thc hitter being .all buJU pf brick. 'J he site is truly picturesque, and wus thc gilt of the Hon. K. D. Oglhie. Shortly arter three o'clock, thc Company havina rc-cuibiirkcd, tho steamer's head was turned homeward, blither onward progress was soon arrested, owing to the want of sufllcicnt water in the channel nt the Elbow, and she grounded on tho spit, where she lay some four or flvo huurs, ere tho tide msc suilicicnt to float her off, and reaching Grafton only shortly before midnight, which was anything buYplcitslng to thc excursionists, as tho day was far fruin belüg a pleasant one, it blowing a rather strong breeze hil doy. and after sunset, tho air on tho water waa Intensely cbld. IIOUBI; AND LANDED I'ttopniiTV.-Wc Iinvo been particularly requested ta direct tho especial attention of tho public, tiAHho sale of landed pro- perty, in the estnto of tho Inti. Mr. J. L. MICIIAKI,, to bo held by T. BAWUKV, at the Rooms, Prince-street, on Tni'itsuAV next, 27lh August, nt 10 o'clock. Tho prnpeitles aro well situated, nml worthy thc attention uf investors or persons seeking home sites or buiiuess places.-ADV. UCLIFHU OF THU SUN.-On Tuesday Inst, BS predicted, n partial eclipse of thc sun was visible at Grafton, even hy the naked eye, though tho strong ray« or tho sui), compelled ihoso onxlnns for n good view, to have recourse to smoked and shaded glass of durèrent kinds. The moon first entered on tho lower part of tho right hand sido of tho sun's disc, and ex- tended upwards, until about one-third was obscured, and shortly after became hidden from vluw by passing clouds, and was not nguiu visible. SALK OF CHOWN LANDS ON TUKSDAT NEXT, TUE 1ST SEITEMIIKU.-Wc would remind our lenders that tho snlc of Clown Lands, on tho Clarence River, originally announced to tako pince at Grafton, on tho 31st of August, luis been rosTroxmi UNI II. THE WlLMlWINO IIAV-TURsKAV.VKXT, THU lsTOPSni'TKMIIKJI, at tba Court House, Oraftoii ; the particulars and where situate, wo have already published in a previous issue. , SALE OP WOIIKING BULLOCKS, DHAY, &O.;, AT SDITII GIIAVTON.-Wo nie requested to direct attention to tho salo af working bullocks, with tackling, mid nearly new dray, to bo held on SATUII IIAY next, nt lt o'clock, ut South Grafton, by T. BAWIIKK.-ADV. O WATTON POLICE COUUT.-Tlicro lins been un eases in this Court during the pn«t week. Captain Hill, P.M., took his seat on tho ttotich on Friday, when (hero wero three enses »ct donn for healing tho parties being Qrcoii against Shannon. Mr. Foott appeared for tho plaintiffs, and Mr. Meillon for the defendant; who applied for an adjournment, on tho ground that his client had not had suilicicnt notice, to piocuie tho attendance af a material «ltncss, '¡'ha application was opposed by Mr. Foott, but ultimately grunted-tho matter of. costs to bo decided on tho Hearing of the case. V . LECTUHE HY Mn Mui.itOTn HALL.-Wo would rrmiiid our readers onMliu Lower Clarence that Mr. Melmoth Halt has, at tho; request of tho Lower Clarence Sugar Maiuifacturing'AsHnclntlnn, promised tn deliver a lecturo at Rocky Mouth, at noon, on Fi Idiiy next, when wc doubt not th ci o will be a largo gathering, to listen tn tho above gentleman, who, as n ptuotlcal man, will no d-.'uht afford thom much valuable information and hint", not only on tho culti- vation of tho cane but on tho best moans to bo adopted for thc manufacture of tho same. POST AND TELEOHAIMI OFFICE.-Tho Post and Telegraph Oflico Coinmittco met nt tho Court House, Gi afton, on Thursdny evening. Mr. Alder- man llenizloy presided, thci o being also present Mr. Dewhurst, Mr. Alderman Jacobs, Mr, Alderman Payno, Mr. W. Attwater, Mr. Boughton, Mr, S. Avery, and Mr. J. G reen. Tho memorial was rend hy tho chairman, who ropnrtcd that Ibo signatures nttachod amounted to 225, principally householders. It was resolved,-" That tito memorial only should bo for watded, and not tho resolutions adopted at tho publia meeting, as decided at thc last meeting nf committee." Tho chairman.was requested to forward thc memorials tn tholr respective 'destinations, accompanied by n letter brlofly'statlng tho objecUof the same, It was resolved,-"That tho 'thanks of tho coinmittco bo forwarded tn Captain Hill, l'.M,, for kindly grant- ing thc usc of tho Court Hotlso." Homo discussion then followed ns to defraying tho costs nf procuring signatures, Ko., when it was resolved,-" That a levy of 2s. Od. each be collected from every party signing tho requisition, to reimburse ihc collector nod defray other incidental expenses." A vote of thanks wits then nccoidcd to tho chairman, and acknowledged, when i tile oomnilttou broku up, SUCIA.II Mir.ti ron mv¡ CHAIIENGE Eivnit. Wo aro informed by a prlvnlolettcr, rocoivod by a gentle- man In Grafton, Unit a party, who has orectod a sugar nilli for crushing sorghum, and not having met with sufllciont encouragement, provided ho could obtain an aero of ground, around which tho cano is being cultivated, for tho erection of his machinery and necessary buildings, would be happy to transfer it to a suitable locality on tho Claronco River. Tho writor adds :-" Such place must ba freo from flood, and under any circumstances where dino is grown in con- siderable qunntlty, and tho cano should bo ready for crushing within thc next three or four months, and tho quantity of such ripe catto must not bo less than twenty or thirty acres. If any guarantee can ho had from any of tho growers, that they will supply that quantity in tho specified time, ona lilford a suitublo plnco.for tho mill, the party will, after Inspection and approval of tho site, undertake to have tho whole of tho machinery on tho ground within six weeks. Tho machinery will bo capable of making from ono to two tons of sugar per day ; und tho owner will bo pre- pared to purchase tho cone at about ten shillings per ton, or to manufactura tho nano into sugar foi one half the product ; or any other arrangement that might bc mutually satisfactory to both grower and manufacturer. Tho mill is spoken of as having cost something Uko £2000." Should any number of fnnnersjbe willing to entertain the above proposition, nny correspondence sçnt to this office, will bo for- warded to tho ownor ot tho mill in question. GOLD QUAHTZ.- >\TO viero eliown on Wed- nesday Inst, about ten pounds .weight of quartz, thickly iniprcitnntcd wttlV gold,! which had been obtained from a quartz reôft about thirty-five miles from Grnftnu, said tn bo at tho junction af tho south branch of tho Clarance withvthe Mnnn rivers, and situnte on a portion of Mr. W, A. B. Greaves' run known as Newbold, Tho specimens certainly indi- cated that tho reef from wi j ¡ch tho samp was pro- cured, must bo very prolific, mui with the necessary machinery for crushing, could not fail to give employ- ment to a number of practical men, and yield a very large return. At tho present time, thcro uro few hands working, but so sanguine ara they of tho richness of tho reef, that they came into town, and telegraphed to the Government for miners' rights to be issued by tho Clerk of Petty Sessions, which application was granted, and after procuring tho snme tho men left town, well supplied with rations, and ero long, we hope to hear further particulars, ns those upon whom reliance may bo placed have alieody left for tho vicinity of tho reel, and mav bc expected back in the course of a few days. Wo understand that up to tho present, thoro nro no itlluvinl claims opened, therefore parties should not rush off hastily, as, if confined to quartz, the reef, however rich, will reqillro capital In order to procuro tho machinery requisite to obtain tho precious metal. A party re- turned to town yesterday, and tho nows brought by him has induced many^wjiri wero waivorlug, to deter- mine upon " trying their "fortune nt this new Bl Dorado "-no less than li.dozin minora' rights having been issued by the C. 1'. S\yesterdn\\\ A number nf citizens aro leaving Graftcm. this (Tuesday) morning for tho neighbourhood of tire reef, nil being nnxlous to seo and judgo fur themselves, so that wo hope to hear something doilnltc itt timo for publication itt our next issue. Sinuous ACCIDENT.-On Saturday after- noon, ns a lad numeil^Ioluif Bnltituile, son of Mr. W. Bultltude, of Carr's Creek, "was riding into O nilton, his horse fell with him)\ond throw him with grout violence against a fnllen\log, causing a compound fracture of the left thigh natl otherwise injuring him about tito head; ho was ^quickly removed to tho house of Mr. Friar, nnd Or.'Croft was immediately sent for. On that gentleman's arrival, bc hud tho little sufferer conveyed homo on ti litter, and wns able tn set thc broken limb thc snino evening, and wo ure glad to lenrn that ho ls progtessliig favourably. SUDDEN DEATH.-An inquest was licltl on Thursday last, at^tho milloneo of Mr. 1'. Hole, Cornwall Park, before Mr. Alfred Lardner, J.P., coroner, and a jury of twelve, touching tho CHURO of tho death of one Samuel Skelton, who had expired suddenly tho duy^prevlous. The first witness examined was Atm Skolsdn, tho wifo of deceased, who deposed : her hnsbind'hud been unwell for tho last six months, complaining'principally of pains in tho chest ; ho had during that time been ton nowell to work, though he had tint been confined to hi» bcd ; ho had boen attended by Dr. Purdlu formctly, mid latterly by Dr. Croft ¡ycstcrdiiy afternoon deceased went Í out to tho rcarof his lalo tcsidt-ucc, to cut some Ure» oocl, ho raised the axe two or tinco times, when witness took thc axe from him, ns sho did mit think ho was erjiinl tn 1 ie, nil(1 told deceased lu go inside ; deceased then went into tho house, mid atoodaguimt theflrc-plnce, willi his hands on his chest; she asked him if ho was worse; decensed made no reply, bin trembled, and Ml down on thc door ; witness thought deceased had fainted, and tho screams of her daughter brought Mrs, Hale, who was living opposite to herv nsslstance ; decensed never spoke, but snuggled as if for his breath fur a few minutes, and then expired ; deceased had taken his meals, mid appeared to ho lu nimm his usual stole of health ; and just before hud drank a cup often mid cuten two eggs ; he lind been under medical treatment for tho last two months; decensed wits fifty-four years of age; Dr. Smith saw tho deceased inimcdintoly lifter lie had expired. Elizabeth, wife of Philip Dale, deposed: she resided at Cornwall Park, and had known tho deceased only ubout seven weeks, whon ho came to resido in nScnttage just npposito; (luting thal time she had bearii dcçcnscd repeatedly complain of pains about his elitist ;',yostprdny evening she hoard deceased's daughter cryincAout, when she enquired tho cause, and was told (hut Mr. Skelson hud lullen down suddenly nu the lloor; she immediately ran over, when abo found llh)» decensed insensible and nppnrently in a dying state; she spoke to deceased, but he never answered, ancVoxpirod almost immedi- ately, without nnynppnrcnt.strnggle.-Henry Marshall Croft deposed : ho was a surgeon, practicing at Grafton ; he lind attended the decensed oil" and on during thc last three mouths ; he saw deceased at his surgery last Saturday morning ; ho ndvlscd deceoscd to go into thc hospital at one timo, but ho said if ho could get ndvicn outside, he could mippnit himself; deceased was miüerltig from n pain in his left side nnd chest ; when he first attended deceased he examined him und found his liver was much enlarged, and ho prescribed for him, but latorly he believed deceuscd to have been suffering from disenso of the henri, for which ho treated him gratuitously, and decensed always carno to his surgery ; ho never attended deceased at his residence; his opinion was that donth was occasioned through disease of tho heart.-John Govett Smith deposed: bowns a legally qualified medical ptactltionbr residing at Grafton; ho know the deceased, but ho .had not been under lils medical treatment, though he'hod supplied him with ti box or two of nutibilllous pills;Chowns sent for tn soc tho deceased yesterday, who hó Ä Informed had dropped down dead ; on his arrival at tho deceased's residence, he found lifo quite extinct; tho circles of thc body quite warm and relaxed, and lividity of tho emin tennnce; from the evidence ho lind heard, mid the appearance of the body, lie could form no opinion ns tn thc causo of death,-Mrs, Halo recalled: stilted that she sent for Dr. Croft yestetday, at thc request of Mrs. Skelson, but not being at home, Ur. Smith wns summoned, and nt onco attended, but decensed lind expired before ho reached tho placo.-Ann Skelson recalled, deposed : that her husband told her that when consulting Dr. Puullo, some timo buck, ho (Dr. Purdie) lind in ¡'ot med him that he thought his (Skclson's) heart was touched, hut willi caro, ho might liva many years, hut that deceased should not ululertnico hard work, or any heavy lifting, nor lind ho done any work since that time. Dr, Smith said tho latter evidence went directly to show that defensed wns troubled with disenso ot tho heart. Thc jury, without retiring, found,-"That the deuenseil, Samuel Skelson, had died from natural causes, probably heart diseuse." "THE JOUIUJAT. OF TITI? Aouiaui/runAi* SOCIETY or NEW SOUTH, WAI.K». "- Wo have received No 1 of II journal bcutingthe nbovo titlo, published nuder tho auspices of! the. Agricultural Society of Now South Wales, Ifcjs a monthly production, and will be devoted principally to thu spread of ngilcul turill litcrnturc, and tha'mfl'uslnn of tho trnnsni'tlona of tho ubuvo mid similar associations throughout tho colony. It contains sixteen pages quinto, and will bo published on tho loth of every month. Tho number before us contains the rules and proceedings of tho New South Wales Agricultural Society-an iirticlo on Cat ari h, hy Mr, A. llruoo j Foot-rot lu Sheep, by Mr, J. Pottle; Prnetleal Agriculture, No 1, an in lido mi tho Formation of Orchards, Sic; Dr. Mueller on Ilust in Wheat, Wino Iteturn, «¡c. Tho Journal, which ia nontly printed, ls fruin tho naloo of Moasts, F. Cunninghiimo and Co,, Fitt-Htreot, Sydney, mid wo doubt nots/vill enjoy n largo circulation, amongst thoso interested in' ugrtçuWhrtil and grazing 'pursuits, OtAitENOE'lfiVEU OïSTEIt FlBIIKIlIKB-Tito Neweattlt! Chronicle stcttos'that tito Minister for Lands' has Intimated to two of the laoul members, who hnvo had au Interview willi him oir tho subject, thnt it is hts Intention to eloso hy proclamation, fi om an curly day, for thrco yours, tho oyster llshcilun ol' tho Chu euee, Hunter, abd George's Uiver», 