THE DARLING. Wilcannia. SeDt 7. The river rose last week nearly three feet, but has again fallen six inches. It is falling from Bourke downwards, and by the last mail no word nf nnv mnrft frpihos in the nnnsr rivers. Four thousand of K. T. Bonney's fat wethers for the Adelaide market have passed down the river. We had a little rain yesterday, but it soon passed away.— Southern Argus Correspondent. Shakspeaee in Paeis. — Hamlet set to music! What a lovely notion! Musiqut jtar Ambroise Thomas; paroles par William Shaks peare! Hamlet sweetly warbling 'To be, or Rot *n ha ' tn tha Kxit nf a (Yinrinrtnr. nnd .accom panied by fiddles I ' Hamlet' with a ballet intro duced in the mad scene; dancers draped trans parently, all capering and frisking, while Ophelia sings a waltz, and then very nioturesquely drownB herself by lime-light) The Ghost stalking on the Blase to the sound of a dead march, and then singing a long solo, descriptive of his sufferings! Ala*, poor Gho&t; I Alas, poor William Shakspeare ! Blesi thee, how thou art translated, to please our lively neighbours I Fancy ' Eire, onnepas etre' as a sentimental ditty! Imagine Milord Hamlet with a tremulous vibrato, singing an addio to his friend 'ce pauvre Yorick!' Conceive, as a fit prelude to this exquisite vwrceau, the opening of the church scene with a chorus of old grave diggers, one of whom, ere long, when the scene begins to flag, may dance a comic pas. or give a rattle with the cross-bones! In winding up his notice of 'this most successful opera.' one of 'our owe Paris correspondent*' naively says:— 'If M. Ambroise Thomas has not created a ' Hamlet,' he has given to the world an Ophelia who will never be forgotten.' Created a Hamlet I Imagine a French tunamaker creating a Hamlejt One might as reasonably talk of the ' creation' of pthello, when defiled as a burlesque. Mai* cia^«» a son oaut. Only we wish our lively friends, when they want to spoil a play, would keep their paws off Shakbpeare. Why can't they sing Yoltaire, or bring Corneille out at the opera? It is bad enough to try to translate ' Hamlet' into French; but we can not stand seeing 'Airs from * Hamlet,1 ' at the muaio-shopg, and hearing them brayed forth by blatant German bands, or squeaked about the streets by beastly barrel-organs.— San fnautm tfctei Letter. 