WOOL SHOW IN SYDNEY. (DuVbo Dispatch). It is with considerable pleasure we direct attention to the wool-prize schedule of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales. The prizes are worthy a metropolitan association, and in keeping with the great interest for whose competition and benefit they are offered. The rock on which the old Sydney Association split was its non-identification with the country interests. Its exhibitions and its prize-lists represented Sydney as a town, not as the capital of the colony at large—the emporium of the surplus productions of New South Wales. The consequence was the shows presented a local instead of a general interest, and were supported by the few instead of the many. This state of things could not last long, and the end at length came. The Society, which had been languishing for a considerable period—which had been at death's door for some years—at length quietly gave up the ghost. Its demise was unregretted,—its warmest supporters could not but admit that the body was but a poor representative of a country rich in all those resources which help to build a great nation. From its ashes up sprang the "Agricultural Society of New South Wales ;" and it has already given earnest that it intends to be really what its name signifies—a society for the rewarding of good husbandry throughout the colony—a society which will so shape its prize schedules as to attract to its annual meetings exhibits from every part of New South Wales and the adjpining provinces. The list of wool-prizes only has as yet been published ; but we have it on reliable authority that the prizes which will be offered for live stock &c;"., will be ou an equally liberal scale. Premiums are offered for four classes of wool; ewes combing (washed) and ewes clothing; hogget ewes and hogget rams; ewes combing (in the grease), and ewes clothing; washed fleece, and (special prize offered by N. P. Bayly, Esq., Havilah) washed rams' wool, fleeces to be entire. The show is limited to samples of fine wool. In addition to the prizes offered bv the Society, it is intended that exhibitors may^ if they wish, stake a certain amount (£5) to be divided thus: 3-6ths for the recipient of the first prize; 2-6ths for the second ; and l-6th for the third. It is optional with persons entering wool to contribute to this fund; but, of course, non-contributors shall not participate in the division. The other conditions of the show will be fsund in another place; and we direct attention of all interested in the improvement of our staple product to them. The Agricultural Society has taken the most proper step in offering those prizes. It would have been better, perhaps, to have, if the thing were possible, got up a show of sheep; for then the excellencies and defects would be more marked and better defined. When animals are placed side by side in the exhibiting pens, the judge's task is easier. A sounder opinion could be formed of the peculiarities of the contending animals; a judgment by comparison passed. But it is simply impossible to have anything like this, and attempting such a thing would virtually shut out many of our crack breeders from competition; for the distance of their stations from the metropolis precludes the idea—be their stock ever so highly bred or excellently clad—of their being able to show them in condition. The exhibition would be then confined to a few breeders; but the schedule for wool offers to every one an opportunity to compete on equal terms. No one can have an advantage over another; and no one need withdraw from competition because his adversary feeds on artificial grasses, or houses his stock. All meet on equal terms, and the man who is successful enough to take a prize may rest content that he has obtained the coveted honour, not through any " fluke," but because his exhibit possessed in itself those points of excellence which the judges considered entitled to commendation. There is'one matter in this prize schedule that we do not look upon with favour. We mean the introduction of the " sweepstakes." It is, as our esteemed contemporary the Herald remarks, much akin to gambling. It is altogether out of place. It has, in fact, too much of a racecourse savour about it, to be compatible with the inclinations of those who consider that Agricultural Associations have higher aims, and are intended for better purposes than pandering to the gambling proclivities of human nature. It is well known that at shows the prizes are not valued for their pecuniary worth ; the honour of obtaining them is the incentive which actuates breeders to compete for them. Will any one think that a few paltry £3 prizes remunerated Mr. Christie for expenses incurred in sending to the last two Mudgee shows his cattle. The place is over one hundred miles from his station ; and if he had taken every prize offered in the class in which he entered, he could not have won enough to pay him for the expenses he had to disburse in order to bring his cattle to the yards. Every breeder, we imagine, competes for the "honour and glory " of carrying off a prize—not because of its pecuniary value. We think then that without this " sweepstakes " the entries for the Metropolitan Intercolonial Wool Exhibition would be just as numerous ; and, therefore, as nothing is gained by the innovation, we hope, if not too late, that the Council will see fit to expunge the condition. At all events, we trust that this is the last occasion when it will be introduced into the prize schedules of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales. If the competitors wish to bet, they can do so most unrestrictedly; in fact, there is nobody desirous to prevent them from indulging in a course of " plunging;" each may back his clip against any other; but for the maintenance of its own dignity, the Society should not give the least countenance to the practice. In every other respect but this we quite agree with the schedule, and trust that many of the breeders of this and the neighbouring colonies will next March meet in friendly rivalry. THE true manner of judging of the worth of amusements is to try them by their effects on the nerves and spirits the day after. True amusement ought to be, as the word indicates, recreation,—something that refreshes, turns us out anew, rests the body and the mind by change, and gives cheerfulness and alacrity to our return to duty.— LEOPOLD DE METER wears exceptionally large and shocking bad hats, and when he lost one in Connecticut, in despair at procuring another of the proper size, his manager telegraphed back to have the missing article forwarded. The answer came as follows: " Down express tram met hat lying on the track two miles east of New Haven. Mistook it for the depot, and ran right in. Engineer discovered error and backed out. Freight train despatched to remove the establishment. and shall forward it in sections as requested." MRS. H. B. STOWE. 