NIGHT SCENES IN MELBOURNE. (From 2he Arguo.) No. If. A PAWNBROKER'S eBROPrON.SATURDAYV NIGHT. Next to a cemetery. in a "quiet neighbor hood " a pawnbroker's shop is the most melancholy place possible. ' The chest of drawers, thoe.ilver spoons arranged starwise in the windows, the china punch bowl, oven the ragged and dog's-etred volumes'that are bundled contemptuously intd a corner, all speak of better days, and tell tales of poverty and wretchedness. An atmosphere of misery, seems to pervade the place. ,The old coats that swing by the napes from their supporting pegs suggest ideas of suicide, and the old boots that turn up their toes deflantly at the world have a despairing and reckless expres sion. The pictures are begrimed and dusty, the clocks and watches are all silent and use; less; even the set of flat- irons which lie. rusting in idleness tell-s tale of improvidence and want. The place is the apotheosis of incongruity. Gold moidores, once the property of swarthy sailors, now repose intermingled with the Brummagem jewelry of - some ' unlucky " mobsman.' Yon little. gold watch that once ticked at the waist of beauty, now. hangs cheek by jowl with the plethoric, turnip faced timepiece of "Fo'k'ele Harry." A child's comil lies on the top of a revolver case; and a family Bible, once the cherished property of some country home in far off England, now peeps forth from 'beneath a Book of Beauty, stolen by ab absconding footman. All the odds and ends, the waifs and strays of civilisation, find -their - way here. Officers' epaulettes, cavalry sabres, special constables' staves, cabin compasses, prize rowing cups, silver mounted whips, sword canes, and ships' quadrants-alluare as fish to the voracious net of this fisher in troubled waters. A pawnbroker's is often the mainstay of a poor .neighborhpod. It keeps the miserable. fag-ends of labor toge ther. It is the poor man's bank. Themost thriving pawnshops are found in, the 'most poverty stricken streets. The profits of the ostablishment -arise not so much, from the value of.the .articles pledged as ;from their number; consequently it is in the poor, oyer crowded , streets :that. these places flourish most. "..Lhe large, pretentious houses, whose plate glass windows gleam gorgeous with jewelry and gems beneath the flashing lamps, lend' principally large sums upon plate and diamonds; but to see the business in its de tailsewe must descend lower down the social ladder. In those streets where cabbage stalks rob in the, gutters, where the public house doors are always on the swing, where potatoes and coals are the chief articles of traffic, where " easy shaving " can be had for a penny, and shirtsleeved men, 'withicoun tenances like amiable bulldogs, lean" against posts all day pufling at short piped; where children are -plentiful, , and soap and water scarce; in streets where the passing police man is eyed askance, and where ladies who testify " how much they have loved their lords," stand with folded arms at 'their door ways conversationally 'vituperative; ,where dirtris the rule and cleanliness the exception -there the " three balls " bang golden and triumphant. It is to one of these shops that we must go if 'we wish to learn the details of the trade. Let us go, then, to .-'o, At the corner of \- and - streets. It is nine o'ldock on Saturday night, and the work is fast' and furious. The shop is a spacious one, running nearly half-way up the street, and is divided into compartments of various classes of goods; one portion of the shop being devoted to the making of garments, not the lending on them. Saturday night is the great night for redeem. ing; and' though most of the articles taken out are put in again before the middle of the week, It is considered "the thing" to be able to wear a Sunday coat on 'Sundays. Wve enter through a side-door, and encasing our. solves liehind the screen which hides the "safe" from public gaze, we take a glance round the shop and its occupants. There are but two doors through which the customers enter-one 'conducting to the counter, the other to a number of little boxes, constructed for the convenience of 'bashful borrowers. Long 'ranges of shelves lise the walls and run far back into the recesses of the shop. These shelves are loaded with goods-shirts, hosts, clothes, linen, and books-all arranged ac cording to their value and class. The articles tho. sh o,t I qpýabe - he'or itlebtl pledges being depos to C0'titli rdSetis above;' whither we will go presently. Up the centre of the open space, and alone to tho counter, runs the "p pout." -'s was the first shop in Melbourno where this classical machine was introduced. The "spout" is simply a long wooden pipe, down which the bundle, of pledges are thrown by the assistants. A bag, with a string - attached, hangs down it, and when an article is required the ticket is placed in the bag, which is drawn up by the clerk above, who thene flings the pledge down the spout to the expectant customer. One great portion of the business done on Saturday is "parting," which consists in re deeming a portion only of the whole pledge. For example :-A working man has pawned his Sunday clothes. Not having enough money to pay back the full value of the loan, he enters into an arrangement with the pawn broker by which lie is enabled to take out his coat for a certain sum, and leave the other garments. This method of proceeding is greatly favored by improvident and needy persons. In the same way that a rake will often ensure his life "so that lie can borrow money on the policy," so will a working man purchase an expensive coat or watch, in order to " pop" it when needful. The crowd seem to favor the counter door. They are nearly all regular customers, and have no shame at being discovered in a pawnshop. It is only at first that a pang of remorse is felt at entering the dqors. Two clerks are employed entering the narmes of the pledgers and the value of the articles pledged in huge folios, and the little house held wares are touwed about with a business like contempt that has something repulhive in ` it to -the eye of a stranger. To the pawnbroker it is simply a matter of busi ness, and lie tosses the bundles about, calls out to his clerks above, opens out coats, inspects under- garments, and ticks off the neumbers of watchesewith the same-calm In difiec- ence." The bag flies up and down. Fresh tickets come pouring in. The assist ants in the upper rooms are running hither aid 'thither with desperate rapidity, and bundle follows 1 bundle doiwn the wooden a'jidut in apparently endless succession. Here is a woman wanting a flannel petti coai; here 'a men who calls loudly for " Thom boots, Mister." There stands a miserable creature with a flimsy piece of " looped and :windowed raggedness" which she terms a "skirt,', and upon which she is desirous of obtaining the sum of eighteen pence; and going out at the door isthodecently dressed wife of 'a working man, bearing a bundle of her husband's shirts, pledged dur ing the week for three shillings and six pence. The pawnbroker-called "uncle," "old son," "old man," "old bloke," and "Uncle .Toby" by his customers-is holding up a much frayed and tattered silk mantle, which its: owner-a .. bold- 4ced young womiun- declares, with many baths, to. be "worth 'ten bob, and no - flies I" In the corner slouches a grimy5 woo-begone, and drunken ruilian, who, in a voice husky with gin, demands " a half bull on this 'ere ring, mate I" The ring is one of those mur cILrous nuggety ones which are in favor with the class to which our' friend evidently. be longs, because of their usefulness as " knuckle dusters"" in a scrimmage-the projecting ornamentation being excellent for opening a vein or penetrating an eye-ball. " Uncle Toby" views'the article with knowing eye, and after some ecrutiny advances the money. The ring is perhaps stolen, and our friend has been already "spotted" by Fox, who, from his station behind the screen, is on the look out for his "lambs," as he terms them. Some pawnbrokers do a little quiet " fene ing," or purchasing stolen goods-that is to say, they do so when there is but little risk of ultimate detection. Articles of clothing, linen, &-, which 'art difficult of identification, are purchased or taken in pledge without much attention being paid as to where they came from; but with watches, rings, and brccelets the case is different, and most pawn brokers will give information to the police if' they imagine any of their pledges to be stolen property. . Indped, an experienced thief: always has: his private "fence," and it is only greenho~ns; and~ yung hands at the game. who would,,think of taking a good "swag": to a " pop-shop."', ome owners of pawn-offices, however, make .their legitimate business a cover for the more profitable and hazardous pursuit ;and not long since a pawnbroker in: L- street was sentenced to three years' imprisonment for this offence. He was of established and apparently respectable repu latioat,-but had-been--for years carrying on business as a "fence" for plate and jewelry. Upon thcedetectives searching 'his house an enormous stoie of stolen goods was discovered in a recess contrived between. the walls, and more that £3,000worth of property brought to light." Tile "parting" and mdeeming are being 'carried one' with vigor. ' "Al manner of in congruous scticles appear on the counter fire-irons, boots, shoes, petticoats, watches and books. Maniy are paying money, but more are borrowing it. taturday night is the niglct for payment of salaries; but it is also the day before Sunday, and a Sunday's diiier' is considered to be de rigeur among the respectable poor; consequently those unfoitunates who ars paid fortnightly are reduced to the necessity of pawning some ornamental piece of property to procure the required luxury. -Among the lower class, portions-of clothing seem to be the favorite securities; and after 'a' few 'days' warms weather,' great-coats, cloaks, and capes pour in by dozens ; but clocks,, china ornaments; and 'expensivoly-bound books -not to speak of the always-ready watch, scart pin, or ring, are among thle usual pledges offered at tics Satiiiday night's counter The business done is all of the came nature, and efter half-an-hour or so we have seen all we want, the only amusement, after the fleet beret of eurl aity, boing"to speculatos on the varied and strange fiwro of the acuthihers, Almost every lower typo of face appears over the greasy counter. The neat, poorly. dressed woman, who, with her baby at her breast, waits patiently until her turn comes the drunken,ilond-voiced woman of the town; the beetle-browed and villanous "mags. man;" the honest, bluff and sturdy working man; the withered and skinny beldame, whose arms are like the roots of some gnarled and rugged beech-tree, and whose face is a very study of wrinkles; the bashful shop-boy, who yet new to debauchery and its concoumitant evils, stands with hat slouched over his brows and comforter drawn up to his eyes, while he pledges his silver watch to buy a night "on the loose;" the recklessly defiant and rakishly-dressed new arrival of the Montague Tigg stamp, who is too idle to work, and yet too proud to beg or steal, and who attempts to swagger with the shopman as he offers a Brummagenm scarf-pin to pay for his next day's lodging - all come and go in rapid succession. Business, however, is getting a little slacker, and we accept -'s ofler to visit the rooms above. Such a collection of articles I Four large apartments are boiling over with pledges. The shelves bristle with tickets. Here huge boxes are overflowing with shirts; here enormous packing-cases are piled high with boots. Crinolines hang dangling from the rafters, meerechaum pipes are stacked against the walls, concertinas, violins, and cornets-a piston speak the distress of the musical pro. fession; and some twenty rapiers, broad swords, and daggers testify . to the smallness of theatrical salaries or the impotvidence of theatrical people. Kemble is reported to have said that " scarcely one actor in a hundred could boast of having never visited a pawnshop," and the truth of his remark appears to be confirmed here: Crowns, sceptres,' and embroidered cloaks are all visible. Here hangs the dagger-there the bowl: "Properties" of all kinds are in pledge; and the lute of the Troubadour rests lovingly against the suit of "complete steel" in which the ghost of Elsinore "revisited the glimpses of the moon." Were we inclined for sentimental. medi. tation, we could find ample food for fancy in the incongruous articles around us, each of which has its little history. Here is a col. lection of gorgeously-bound prayerbooks, and on opening one we read:- ' ii-, Somerset, 16th May, 16l. Presented to Mary - on her seventeenth birthday, with the best wishes and prayers of her affectionate mother. The poor' soul who owned this volume must have seen many troubles since she left " B--, Somerset." In a corner stand two instrumentstrarely seen in Victoria. They are barrel-organs of the true London type, ones of which] cost £40, and has been pledged for £7. Such articles as these al ways go for less than their real value. Pawn brokers are compelled to sell by auction though this rule is not always kept-and they naturally prefer articles which are of general use and which can be sold easily. Thio usual loan is a fourth of the real value of the pledge; but to old customsers, and to those who are known always to redeem their pledges, more is sometimes given. A large floating capital is required to conduct a busi ness profitably; - has about £1500 out in loans (mostly upon wearing apparel in sums averaging about 5s), and his profits, excluding the half-yearly sales, average £20 a week. Persons often pledge articles for a fiftieth of their value and never return to claim them. Six months is usually allowed to elapse after the expiration of the time mentioned on the ticket before the unre deemed pledges are sold, but as we have said this rule is not always kept. Thefts are rare, but on two occasions the key ot the safe was stolen, and once - was robbed of his watch at the theatre, and the next evening hs:d-it handed to 'him over the counter as a p'edge. The thief, however, wras a very young handi and expiated his mistake by eight months in gaol. Before leaving we inspected the jewelry, and were shown pledges to the value of £1200. The largest suss ever lent by - on a single pledge was £70. A large trude is done in diamond bracelets, rings, 'A-, which are usually pledged by the higher class of loose women and by tradespeople, who will select a shop out of their own neighbb r hood, and where they imagine they will ni t be known; and it is curious, and somewhat significant, to learn that ladies of high stand ing in society,.whose husbands are reputedly wealthy, have often brought their jewels to -'s establishinent for the same reason. SuRnvIVIo AN ExcueTos.-l'tho Italian journals relate a most singular story. A soldier who had deserted and taken to I rigen. dage was captured and condemned to death. Being brought out to the place of execation, a firing party of five performed their painful duty, and the sergeant commanding them, perceiving that the man was not quite dead, gave him point blank the coup de grace. In the belief that this was really a finishing stroke, the body was handed over to the gravedigger; but as night was approsehing the latter postponed this office until the morne ing, leaving above ground what he natnrally supposed to be s corpse. The unfortunate man, however, was still alive, and the cold night air, by irritating his wounds, revived him. Painfully lie dragged himself to the wall of the enclosure, against which he managed to place a ladder which happened to be there, got over, although all bleeding and with his arm broken by the bullets, and delivered himselt up as a prisoner at the nesreat' gssrdhooso. '[ho hlinisters ef Wsr end Jostica each olaim this treeseitstel viotima of martial law, but the belief 'is that hs will be psrdoned. His weonad are Del mortal, soil big aecm bit been se-est. 