ASLEEP OE AWAKE. 1 HAD been in India little more than two years, when I was 6ent to a frontier station to take charge of half a company of native .artillerymen and two guns. It was about the smallest command that an officer could hold, but it was to a great extent an inde- pendent one, with very little to do, except to attend muster on the first of eveiy month; and both the independence and leisure had great charms for a young sub, who, having been early Bnubbed for " zeal," had made up his mind to let military duties interfere as little as possible with his amusements. To keep the guns in repair, I was allowed an establishment of native .smiths and carpenters-some six or eight men ; but as the guns wereordy used on parade, and at other- times were kept under .cover, they never wanted repair ; and I employed the carpenters in making chairs, tables, and all sorts of furniture ; and the ?smiths in making brass-work, bits, stirrup-irons, and amongst other things, the steel heads of spears, for pigsticking. But that one of these last plays a part in my story, I should not have entered into all' these details. A choice specimen had just been finished after a new design of my own--a modification of the laurel-leaf pattern-and my bearer had placed it on a small table, or teapoy, by the side of my bed, where I must leave it for the present. The house next to mine (our compounds, or enclosures sur- rounding the houses, being separated by a mud-wall) was occu- pied by the padre, as parsons are generally called in India-a married man, with a family ; and it was his wife's ayah, who, one morning about a week before I had anything to do with the matter, was found dead outside her hut, stabbed apparently with some instrument that had passed completely thiough her body. She was a good-looking young Avoman, the Avife of the bheestie, or water-cairier ; and they lived as happily as natives of the two sexes ever do live together, their occasional domestic ?différences culminating in nothing worse than the customary .slanging-mateh, in which the native female almost invariably silences her male antagonist, by the force and endurance of a piercing falsetto, combined with a power of barbing sarcasms, .compared with which the nagging of the British Naggleton is agreeable banter. The husband was, however, arrested,, but speedily released, for Avant of any evidence to criminate him ; nor was he able to point suspicion to anyone as the possible .culprit. The police Avere completely at fault, and the murder, too common an event in India to be even a nine day's wonder, had almost been forgotten. It Avas one of those terrible nights of June, when the air, alter ' the blasting hot Avind of the day, Avas ás still as death, and hot . with a heat that Avas stifling. Not the crisp heat of a big fire, nor thc stinging heat of the hottest room in the Turkish bath, but a heavy, flabby, edgeless heat, that set j»ii,nZ;aAs and tatties at defiance, and Aveighed upon the brain, till a helpless and hope- less feeling of lassitude, akin to despair, made the fitful snatches of sleep resemble painful intervals of prostration from debility. In the next room-the bath-room-burned a wick in a clay saucer full of oil (the native chiragh) ; and by its faint light, .coming through the half-closed door, I had so many times taken up and admiringly examined the spear-head I have before mentioned, that my hand had got familiar Avith its position. It must have been about midnight, when in a state of semi somnolence, I became conscious, or rather felt the presence oi some one by my bedside. I fancied I heard-for the lamp had ..gone out-a hurried breathing and the rustle of a foot on thc rush-matting. Not a month before this, I had been robbed, =aud rather cruelly for a poor subaltern : a rifle, dressing-case and other things had disappeared ; and I had in vain made .every effort to discover the thief or recover the property. Ii was not unnatural, therefore, that my first and only though' was of robbers, as, seizing my pet spear-head, I plunged i' wildly into the darkness. It struck something, ay, it strucl .flesh, for as I leaped out of bed, and made for the door, I fel its point wet and sticky with what could only be blood. Whei I say door, I mean the entrance into the centre room of tin house. The door was open, but in the space hung a folding . bamboo curtain, or chick, as it is called. The house was thi ordinary cantonment bungaloAAr, bedrooms on each side of ¡ .centre room, the latter extending the length of the house and opening back and front into the compound. As I lifce< the chick, if I hesitated at all in which direction to pursue, i was for less time than I have taken to write the AV ord, fo out on the steps leading doAvn from the front-door stood betAveei me and the starlight a figure enveloped in the ordinary chucld< -(sheet) of a native woman. The blood rushed hot into my fae at the instant thought that I had stabbed a worn an ; but if recoiled for a moment, with a Fense of my cowardice and shame in the next I Avas in pursuit, determined to have explained thi '.midnight visit. I called to her as I stepped over the threshold but she passed down the steps and round ;.o\vards the back c the house, where were the stables and some outhouses in AV hie .my servants lived. Barefooted as I Avas, I followed, an though the stones hurt and cut me, SAviftly as she Avent, an still refusing to ansAver me, I kept her in sight until she di¡ appeared into the house of my Ichitmutgar Hingun. The doc was shut in my face, and fastened too, for it Avas not till afb fruitless hammering, and Avhen I was on the point of burstin 11 înVt*la* was °Penea by my OAvn servant. This man had come up the country with me. He had bet . -recommended by the kindest of friends as an exceptionally goc nigger (poce Buxton) ; and he had fully maintained his char- acter. Indeed, I had a strong liking for him, for he never gave me reason to doubt his honesty, and I had proved his courage as well as (I hoped) his attachment to me. When travelling up the .river we were caught in one of those tremendous nor' westers, which, destructive as they are on land, are doubly so on the water. Our boat was driven on a sand-bank, which ?aU«» ' and h was driveu off aSain« whIcl1 caused it to hil. lhe crew and all my servants but Hingun swam to the bank, only some hundred yards distant, and the boat was floatin« m the state sailors would call awash. I had retreated to the root of the cabin, and Hingun had followed mo. ' Save your- self, I said : « leave me ; I cannot swim, and must stick to the boat. _ His reply was gentle and touching as that of Ruth to Naomi, and to the same purpose ; and from that time I need scarcely say he was my favorite servant. He was my factotum, in short, keeping my accounts, cooking my dinner when I did i not dine at mess, and checkmating, though not without making 1 enemies, the attempted peculations of my other servants. ' Hingun,' I Baid, 4 who is the woman that just entered your house ?' [ There was a tremor in his voice as he replied : ' Sahib, there is no woman here.' I ' It is false. Get me a light instantly.' As he fumbled about in search of a match, I heard him nervously muttering the common form of exorcism in use with Mussulmans. Seizing him with my left hand, I passed my [ right down his arm, and took from his fingers the match he tremblingly held, then stooping down to the dying embers of a small fire at which he had been cooking, I kindled the match, lighted the lamp, and turned to examine the chamber. Kneeling on the floor crouched Hingun. He was quite a young man, and of very^ fair complexion for a native, but now his face was livid, as, with a fixed and vacant expression, a very paralysis of terror, he gazed towards the door. On his right arm, I now noticed a jagged wound, a. little below the elbow, clearly quite recently inflicted, for it was bleeding. ' What is the matter ? ' I said. * Are you mad ? Who has wounded you ? ' No reply till I got between him and the door, and taking him by the naked shoulders, shook him till his teeth chattered. ' Where is the woman ? ' I again asked. Slowly he gasped out : * Sir, there is no woman ; it is a ghost.' ' Fool,' I exclaimed ; ' I saw a woman wrapped in a chudda come in here.' Again he muttered his prayer, as wringing his hands he whined; ' Aré aré, sir ; it was a ghost.' 1 You saw her, then ? ' I asked. Holding his hands in a suppliant attitude, he said : ' Forgive me, Sahib'; it was she who drove me to your bedside just now Avhen you struck me.' 'Then it was you I struck}' said I, feeling considerably relieved. . Who is she then ? And how came she in my house ? ' The tears filled his eyes ag he replied ; ' O sir, it is the will of God ; your slave must tell you all. If he must die, he must die. She said she would never leave me.' He then went on to say that the clergyman's late ayah was his paramour ; that she had refused to leave her husband and live with him ; and that, out of jealousy, he had watched his opportunity and murdered her. He had known no rest since, for the ghost was for ever haunting him, and he wished to die meant to take poison, but could not ; was sorry I had not killed him, as undoubtedly she intended me to have done. I told him I should inform the police, and that he would «be hanged, to which-he merely said: ' It is the will of God. What will be, will be.' m And here I admit there is a gap in my story, that at thia point my conduct appears questionable and unaccountable. My "duty was clearly to have roused the other servants, sent for the police, and given the culprit into custody, but I did nothing of the kind, and I have no recollection of how I got back to bed ; but when I did get there, I fancy, what, with'the terrific heat and reaction from intense excitement, I must either have fainted or fallen at once into a profound sleep. When I awoke, the sun had just topped the horizon, and in the daylight my course seemed plain enough. I rose, ordered my horse, and al i once rode over to the magistrate's. He Avas in his verandah sitting with several officers, all my friends, taking his little break fast (chota hazrij. I suppose I looked queer, for he greetec me with : ' Why, Gunner, Avhat's the row ? . You look as if yoi had seen the dé vii.' ' ? Do I ? ' I replied. Well, perhaps I have.' They all laughed, and began to chaff me ; but LaAves seeing I Avas serious, took me aside, and asked if anything was reallj the matter. I told him my story, and, as I expected, he smiled and said : ' You have had a bad night, and no mistake.' ?Well,' said I, pulling off a shoe and sock, and shewing m) scratched foot, ' Avhat do you say to this, and this ? ' producing from my pocket tho spear-head with dried blood upon it. Ile started on seeing the latter, and taking it into Iiis hand remarked thoughtfully : ' It must have been with something o this* kind that the woman Avas stabbed.' 4 At all events, it could not have been with that,' said I, ' fo it Avas only turned out of my workshop yesterday.' ' Well,' said he, ' you go home : don't say anything to th man ; and I'll come over and breakfast Avith you at eleven.' I Avaited impatiently enough for the hour, and had breakfas on the table as I heard the buggy drive into the compound LaAves sat opposite to me, and Hingun stood as usual bellin my chair. Like most of his class, though he could not tall English*he understood it sufficiently to follow the drift of ai English conversation. Lawes Avho, I noticed, purposely spok slowly and distinctly, began by observing that the police had clue to the ayah's murder ; that it Avas said she had had a love: and that he Avas the suspected man ; that the police Avould arm him during the day, and that at that very moment they Aver probably searching his house. As Hingun moved round th table to bring the dish I asked for, I noticed his face certainl paler than usual ; and as he held me the dish, his hand AVO decidedly unsteady. Breakfast over, I called to Hingun t bring mè a light for my cheroot. While holding out to me th lighted cotton it almost fell from his hand, as Lawes sudden] addressed him : ' Khitmutgar, how came you Avith that AVOUD on your arm ? ' 'fchodaiound, it is nothing;.the sahib knoAVs hoAvitAvas done ' Yes,' said LaAves, ' the sahib says he did it ; but IIOAV can you to be in his room in the middle of the night ? ' . Gharib 2>arwa, your slave Avas sitting outside his door-f< the night Avas hot-^Avhen, seeing no light in the sahib's room, ran to the house, for I said : " The dacoits have come again. ' Then Avho Avas the Avoman your master saw ? ' 'Woman!' he said Avith a start, and in an excited tone £ there Avas no Avoman. The sahib followed me to my hous and then I discovered that he Avas asleep. I led him back his bed, and he never Avoke till long past his usual hour. Woman ! HOAV should the sahib see a Avoman ? ' ' Enough,' said LnAves ; ' you can go.' And then turning me Avich a smile : ' You see, my dear felloAV, it's all as clear mud : you have been doing a little somnambulism.' While 1 spoke, his head policeman entered, and said quietly that thi had searched Hingun's house, and nothing Avhatcver had bei found to inculpate him. « Good-bye, Gunner ; don t distre youself Take a little blue pill : these hot Avinds are enough upset any one's liver.. I shall say nothing of all this, if.y< prefer it.' « Thank you,' said I. « Yes, keep it dark, or I shall be bullied out of my life.' He drove off, and left me feeling rather foolish, and a little obstinate. It was certainly more probable that I had been walk- . ing in my sleep than that I had really seen a ghost ; but so vividly was every circumstance impressed on my mind, that I could not eject the scene from memory as a mere dream. It haunted me by day, and night after night I sato it so unvary I ingly re-enacted in my dreams, not once, hut in every period of sleep, that its constant repetition had the effect of numbing my senses, like the monotonous sound of a ticking clock or of dropping water. More ; familiarity with it seemed to quicken its recurrence, and condense its action, till at last it would pass through my brain, focussed, as it were, into a mere minute of time, like a page of print photographed to a speck. And I may as well say at once-for I am not propounding a problem for ' psychologists, and therefore dismiss my feelings-that this state of things Avent on seriously affecting my health, until the dénouement, if I may so call it, of the mystery. It was about a fortnight after the inquisitorial breakfast that I first noticed a change in Hingun. I had watched him (and he knew it) with the keenness of bafiied suspicion : but all I had hitherto noticed was that he appeared to rouse himself with an effort to do what he had previously done with a readier volition. 2\Tmo, he certainly looked ill. There was a jaundiced look in his face, which looked thinner, and his languid manner was in stronger contrast than ever to his former brisk activity. I said nothing ; but the doctor (an old friend) calling one day, I had Hingun in to be examined. ' Oh,' said Pills, 'it's clear enough he's got spleen : it's as common as babies with those . people ; and he will probably die.' It sounds like a light and unfeeling remark, but it was not so meant; fora kinder fellow than Pills (his nick-name, of course) never lived, nor one with larger sympathies for his fellow-creatures, black or white. But Death-when wo moot tho spectre in our walk», As wo did yesterday, and shall to-morrow Soon grows familiar. Aud this most truly applies to a country which cholera never quits, and where the most hateful lesson one has to learn is a familiarity with death. T remember breakfasting with a man between eight and nine one morning, and at noon he was dead; and on another occasion, the first news I heard in the morning, ; after a jovial bachelor-party, which broke up only in the small hours, was the death of one who had been the merriest of us all. Whether Hingun took the medicine the doctor sent him, I cannot say ; perhaps I ought to have made him take it in my presence ; but I did not. He got worse rapidly ; and at last his feet and ankles became so swollen, that he could no longer attend upon me, and remained almost entirely in his bed. Atrophy supervened, and a pitiable emaciation effaced all sem- blance of his former self. As I stood over him one morning, he looked at me long and calmly, for he did not seem to suffer, and at last said slowly and faintly : ' Sir, I am dying. You have been a kind master to me, and I am a bad man. What the magistrate said that morning at breakfast was true. God for- give me ! it was I that killed ßoshun.' A crowd of questions rose to my lips, struggling for utterance, but I checked myself, and said : ' Will you tell this to the magistrate ?' ? Yes, sir. Send for him. I will confess everything.' Like a good fellow, Lawes came at once on receipt of my imploring note. ' Well, Hingun,' he said, gently, ' you have something to say to me.' 'Gharib parwa, I am dying. It is the will of God. She said she would never leave me,' ' The very words,' I could not help exclaiming. Hingun then repeated thc story, that now for nearly two months had been stereotyped in my memory. He spoke with such difficulty that Lawes wrote as from dictation, and when he finished, I said : ' This is tho story you told mo that night in your house.' Slowly shaking his head, and looking fixedly before him, with the stare I well remembered, he gasped out : 1 No, no ; I never told this before to any one.-See ! she follows me to the grave, as she said she would;' and then, as his head fell back heavily on the pillow, he muttered the exorcism. ' One word more,' said Lawes. ' What weapon did you user' Shuddering, he hoarsely whispered : ' I had cooked the sahib dinner, and the spit was in my hand, when the devil put the bad thought into my mind ; then I became mad.' Lawes looked meaningly at me, for this explained the nature of the wound. We left Hingun to the care of his friends and co-religionists, who had waited outside during dur interview, to whom, as far as I could ascertain, he spoke no word ol his revelation to «s, and who, one and all, protested against the. suspicions of the police. He lingered for two days, and I visitéd him frequently, accompanied sometimes by the doctor, who seemed to grow interested in the case. When all was over, Pills remarked: ' Your man had something on his mind that helped to kill him so rapidly.' 'What!* said I, ' did he tell you about the ghost that haunted him?' ' ' No. But there was a ghost, was there ? It was his high pulse and look of terror that puzzled me. Now I understand. He was frightened lo death. No medicine would have saved him.' Lawes and I often talked it over ; but I argued with him in vain against his matter-of-fact decision. He had settled it, that' Hingun had committed the murder; that he fancied himself haunted (a very common thing amongst natives) ; that either fear drove him to my bedside, or that he came to rob me, in either case disguised as a woman ; that I did not walk in my sleep, but all actually occurred as I had described. Long ex- perience has convinced me of the habitual baseness and false- hood of natives of Hingun's class ; but that he, a mere lad, in whom I had been able to discover none but amiable qualities, was capable of all this crime, I could not, nay, I cannot believe. Beyond his bare confession, evidence against him was sought in vain. It is true it must have been some weapon like the spit that inflicted the wound ; but dacoits sometimes are armed with a short slender spear, and perhaps thc spit was the nearest approach to a deadly weapon that Hingun had ever handled, llather, I prefer accepting the unreal view of the matter. He might have loved thc woman, though I doubt the possibility of keeping secret a criminal connection. The murder was a great i shock to hïïf mind, and be brooded over it till his overwrought ' imagination created the vision, and suggested the self-accusa ¡ tion. By what afiinitive force I became an accessory after the I fact (or the delusion), I must leave to the electro-biologists. 1 Tv. fVin nnniilo nf "Dronmland. there are well-authenticated records of far stranger hallucinations. -Cliambers' Journal. 