AN OLD MAGAZINE. THE "individual who gave as his idea of human felicity "'old wood to bum, old wine to •drink, old friends to talk with, and old books to read," was not far wrong, at all events ivith Vtepwst to Uie latter portion of his sentiment. Coals hare superseded the old wood, the wine way prove corked, friends are apt to betray the trust reposed in them; but from all books we can glean information •jvii^ amusement to lighten many an hour of ennui. More especially is this the case where the " ancient tome" happens to treat ,. of men and their actions in a bygone period, it is interesting to reflect on the deeds— •chrbiiieled at the time—of those whose lianies "have since become household words; '' 'io pgriiae tlie record of the first crude thoughts which gave birth to discoveriep <vvWch havefeince revolutionised the scientific .and mechanical world'; and to trace the trntBOMUS instances' in which the wisest men ; "«f"tlie -peribd have ' oppos&d; .the advance of inventions which have since become estab .,. liaised facts. ... - -—" the Universal Maga- «iiie,^pubiisfed in 1790, we finiisome information which is ratbep jcurjons rwhen the crucial test of time is applied to it. A letter, John White,': Esq., i sip-peon-f ^eneral to thenew settlement oflfewlSoufchs • Wales, givfiB a very dolefjiUaccoti^t of the bmbryo colbny. It appears that his Majesty's ship 'Sirius, laden Witji provisions, had b&eri; lost, and Mr- White. dating from SydneyCove, "Port Jackson,' laments the position of the settlers, and has a fling at Captain Cook. ! He aayij:—'Oar provision «tore contained only four months' flour, and three of pork, at half allowance, "which has. been our §>ortibh ?or some time past, every , jofcher..sj>ecies of provision -Ijemgiong^sincte -expended. W& therefore determine on the necessity'of- reduci^jouf -%plf allowance of thtae'tWo articles ^to such a proportion aswill enable us to ; drag out a miserable er- . isteape fop «even months. * Should we have ' -fio^iravftlBlh that game will be up with" ^flbrfltthe 1 grain ^>f every kind wnich we. have been, able to raise in two years^ond throe inonths wouljl not support us three Weeks^ whlcfe ia a very strong instance of the ingratitude and extreme, poverty of the BOU, iand country at,largje,'', (a, sweeping <*>ndemnation, before exploration) *' though great exertions have beenmade. jfcuch cannpj-no w ie dpng; ; limited in food inireduced^as the people" are, who have not had one ounce of ; fresn animal food since first .in the country—a country and place 6o forbidden apd. so hateful as only to merit execrationa and curses, for it has been a source of expense to the mother country, and,ofpvil;and misfortune to us, without there ever being the smallest likelihood of its repaying or compensating either. Prom what we%ave alreaay seen we may conclude that thpre JB not a single article in this \- \Mt i^ Ibe^&tu;^epf thingsjcoulfl -prfive of the s the mother, h^vfi qtuVP forgo "use or advantage to or the commercial Hneftf "Heaven, what en about f Surely they I ^neglected TIB, other- wise i sent, to see what be: came of uq/and tg know how We were likely to succeed, jfiowever, they muBt soon know from the he&vv; bills which will be presented lo 'them, and the misfortunes and losses which have already happened to us, how necessary it becomes to relinquish a scheme that.jn 4he nature qf thijigs can never answer." It would be wise by the first steps to wthdraw the settlement, at least such as are living,'or remove them to some other place.' This is so much out of the world' pud track ; of commerce that it could nerer : «nnfer. iBCow a business of this kind " se of which must be great) could I-I '• * AANASTIFF F/K rotue &n4; Clanardi; the French circumr navigators, as weU as us have been very Surpritj^W Mr. ShoV* descnption of Botany Bay. The wood is bad, the soil light, poor, »nd sandy. nor hasit anything to cecommendit, Accurate observere have furveyed thoi country without bemgMe_ to see any thing like th# meadow land that Mr. Cook and others nwfttion. The F^enchmpn ^riare the eaniP, »n4 th»t in the whole course of their voyage they never saw a place BoiJinpromising as -this." * Prbbably the Frenchmen were inclined to jsing the; burden of one of their few nautical songs ;— , • Ce n'eat pas uti Paradis, II est unpurgatoire.^' Mr.rWhite, after giving the Frenchmen't •opinion that Norfole Island was a place fit only for angels or eagles to reside in, concludes 'wittijths following melancholy statement s-^The supply tender ^ails to-morrbw Jor' BataVia, in hopes ^ie.I)atch may be ablft 'tp's^nd lji time to save lis. Should any acc,ident happen to hor, Lord have mercy on us ! She is a small vessel to perforjn so long and unexplored a, voyage, but we rely much on the abilities' aud active attention of Lieutenant Ball, who commands her. Lieutenant King, of the;^lrius take.B his passage in her to Batavia. Mid from thence to the Cape pf Good Hope, (on his way to England), where he has orders to charter a ship, and send her to us immediately, should no other ships liave pasgpd that place on their way here." •* - < Probably the timely Arrival of provisions modified Mr. White's dolorous forebodings. In an account written previously to the letter last quoted, he speaks of Port Jackson as being without exception the finest and most extensive harbour in the universe, being " pafe from all the wibds that do blow." He is very severe on the timber of the colony, which he pronounces fit for nothing but firewood, and remarks:—" Strange as it may be imagined, no wood in this country, though sawed ever so thin, and dried ever so well, will float. Repeated trials have'only served to convince me that immediately on immersion it sinks to the bottom like a stone. The stone of this country is excellent for building; could any kind of cement be found to keep it together ; but there is not any limestone, I believe, in New South Wales." Australia was then a " terra incognita" to all but a few, and these remarks were not calculated to advance it in public estimation. In spite of the arguments of the ingenious Mr. White, however, the Government fortunately did not " remove the settlement," aud a short time sufficed to prove the worthy surgeon wrong in his estimate of the infant colony's capabilities.— A FIT SUBJECT FOE TABBAIT CHEEK.— We hav^e received a Jong communication from " William Hartley Noble," whose freaks at Narranderra and, Wagga Wagga have lately been commented upon in the press. The perusal of the letter leaves not a shadow of a doubt on our mind that the unfortunate man is a religious monomaniac, and that his proper place is in the Lunatic Asylum. The letter is written, from Marengo, -and,was posted at Burrowa, so that Yass may shortly again be visited by Noble. The letter commences:—" My dear Birj— Permit. I have seen—I have heard—yea, I.have seen the foul mis-statements concern ing myself and others ofjSQfJtfy ~ as appears in the paper "accredited, the Wagga Wgfa 'ii?press and'yours, bearing date the 4th July, 1868. A few words only, and then my story I'll relate, as happened to me down in the Murrumbidgee, and whilst dwelling, living, lingering also and upon the great-estate. Aye, sir, listen tome for a while, and a story I'll also relate. A tale I wUl- unfoia.ailse^nciijult like the other one, nor of the Common one,nor of the adversary, nor of,ihe4)aser-qne, npr yet—for all—nor not suChia-one, nay, as -the reverend genitleman's, nor • the, editor. It needs none such to adorn* nor gild; wherewithal, it is. perfectly true. I say- it. You have nothing on that score to fear. Well, then, my dear Mr. Editor, albeitr so. It catne into my head, when I need not say,nor what I was doing; likewise, I need not say whether a -Gideon threshing his wheat; or as in one day whilst working at my plough, in the stilly night oft; or in my waking thoughts bright; in the morning .watching, fasting, prayer, and eo forth 'and so'forth. I cannot tell howhow that ,I, even I,- William Hartley Noble, should likewise, as- a disciple of the Lord Jesus, preach ,and otherwise make known fully his gospel for and in order to the sal vation of mankind, and likewise my dear brethren. Lo, henceforth, having met and saw Jesus in'the way, immediately " I conferred not with flesh and blood. Oh ! sir, being so empowered as disciple and faithful follower 'of Christ Jesus, went forth on my way rejoicing and praising God and singing in the power and spirit of the Holy Ghost, also demonstrating by. signs that-followed, and the rest." There are some dozen pages' of closely-written notepaper, containing similar rhapsodical nonsense, and, if the'unfortunate writer visits Yass, we shall consider it our duty to hand his letter to the authorities with a view to his being sent to Tarban Creek for medical treatment. .The perusal of the letter <»n scarcely leave a doubt on the mind that Noble is deranged; and, having had his handwriting in our possession on more, than one occsasion, we have not the slightest doubt "of the authenticity of the manuscript.— FENCES V. HEDGES.—Fencing is a prolific and interesting subject in colonial life. "The ugly post and jail fence'V is cried down periodically, and the beauty and utility of hedges and other live fences duly lauded as the right things to put in their places. In so far as beauty is concerned, it will at once be conceded that if poBt'and rail fences could be substituted with such hedges as they have in old England, the change would be for the better; but the comparative utility, of-the two is not so clear. After thinking and comparing o.ver and over again, the conclusion has been come to' that we might exchange the post and rail or wire fence for hedgeB or. other contrivances, and after all find that the change waB not for the better. The animal inhabitants of the Australian bush are not such lambs that a slight impediment will stop them ^ when 1— they ^—-l have an object in "J—; view ana besides the feature of strength and security derived from fences of sound Australian hardwood,' there is a consideration in m the tuo small BUlftU space Dpow they VHVJ occupy—a VV>VUJ/J M feature ivwwwtV which is engaging th® earnest attention of cultivators in older countries just now. It is even seriously'contempla^d to endeavour to do away with all the live fences of Great Britain. These, with their ditches, are estimated to occupy an average width of nine "feet! total, length^of, the,lira miles, and it is calculated that their abolishment would give 589,280 acres of arable land to aid in furnishing the Btaff of• Hfe for the hungry million^ Of that country. So it behoves us to think a little before utility is supplanted by beauty, or we might iget wedded to some of the Cast off ideas of older, lands. At 'the most jnoderate cotnpjitation, not less than six : feet can bo: allowed for a live fence, so that every 224.0 yards would monopolise one acre of-land—no slight calculatnon where farms of at least 500 acres should abound, and where a strong and substantial -fence occupying one' sixth of the space can be put up from material on the ground. After all, our hardwood fences are not so bad.— FREEMASONS SCBPBISED.—Most of our. readers have probably heard of the solitary female Freemason, and no doubt feminine inqusitiveness baB in many localities gained more or less insight into the Masonic mysteries, sacredly guarded as they; are. The Wanganui Masons, however, seem especially unfortunate.' Soon after the Butland Hotel was built, a lady! thanks to a loose knot in a board, learnt enough to astonish even old Masons, and now in the new hall the brethren have been fairly surprised in the performance of their rites. A rehearsal of the Choral Society was fixed for Wednesday evening at the Oddfellow's Hall, but, owing to the postponement of the concert, the venue was changed to the ordinary meeting place, at the Masonic Hall. The Masons, however, had taken the opportunity of appointing a Lodge of Instruction for a rather earlier hour, and the clashing of the two engagements was not found out till just before the lodge met. A messenger was at once sent off to warn the choralists lhat their practice was adjourned, but he was too late to prevent sundry of them from leaving their homes. As luck would have it, the Masons omitted to post the usual guard at the door, and thus, as one young gentleman, after many failures, seemed on the point of acquiring the difficult and solemn art of tying on his apron, and another, more advanced, was making frantic efforts so distinguish between the blade of a trowel and its handle, a sudden exclamation revealed the presence of several young ladies in their midst! The intruders, being accustomed to find a number of gentlemen in the room, had advanced nearly to its top without perceiving that those then present were not their usual companions, and were no doubt greatly puzzled at the alarm they created. Either from neophytes not being expected, the tar-brush and branding irons were not ready, or the brethren were too much terrified to recollect the clock-case •precedent, and thus the young ladies escaped the penalty^ ofiArfiation, and, not being eworD "secrecy, may expose the crafty any amount of chaff and inconvenience by revealing their discoveries.—Wanffanui Chronicle. AS EXTBAOBDINABT COAT.—Some weeks ago it was mentioned in our coluuniB that a case was known of wbol On the backs of the sheep in the morning having been worn as' a coat at a ball in the evening. Mr. Buckland, agent to Sir E. Throckmorton, Bart, informs us that the coat in question iB still in existence, with all the documents relating to it. And a placard of the date has been sent to us, giving"a full history of the exploits, in explanation of a plate in which the whole of the proceedings are depicted. In examining further the .records of the time we find that the, sheep in question were, pure-bred Southdowns, and the flock under Mr. Bucklands management is thus one of the oldest pure-bred Southdown flocks in the kingdom. Among the manuscript records relating to it, we.§nd evidence of rams having been used on it iii the first year 6f this century both from Sussex and from Woburn; so thai, now that Ellman's flock has been dispersed, we nay say that the Berkshire flock, from which «o many -prize sheep have latterly been sfent, is one of the oldest of which any evidence of continuous breeding, exists in this country. The following w the placard :—" Illustrative of manufacturing celerity, to prove the •possibility of wool, being manufactured into cloth and made into a coat between sunrise and sunset; and which was successfully accomplished on Tuesday, the 25th, June, 1811\. At five o'clock that morning two sheep, belonging to Sir John Throckmorton, Birt., were sheared by his,own*shepherd— Francis Druett, and the wool giveu to Mr. Jbhn .Coxeter, at Greenham. Mills, near Newbury, Berkshire, who had^the wool spun the vara spooled, warped, loomed, and wove;' the cloth burred, milled, rowed, dyed, dried sheared, and pressed bv 4 o'clock. All the proceBBes of manufacture were performed by hand in eleven hours. The cloth was then giyeii to Mr. Issac White, tailor, of Newbury, whoso son, James White, cut the coat out and' had it made up within twe hours and twenty minutes, when the master manufacturer,-Mr:- John ttyseter/ presentfed it to Sir John Throckmorton, Bart., who appeared with it on before an kssembly of 5000:spectators, who had come far and .near to witness this singular 'and unprecedented performance completed in • thirteen hours and twenty minutes." EOHAKCE N* A PAX.ACE.—There is a curious story in connection with the present Landgrave of Hesse Homburg. The Landgravine Louise had in her early youth inspired so violent an attachment in the present Landgrave thatj when it was announced to the latter that the princess was betrothed to his brother, he was seized with brain fever and delirium, from which he only recovered to take arms, in the hope of meeting death in one of the many fierce battles then raging throughout Europe.- For years and years did the unhappy lover wander from court to court, accepting the most ardupus service f rom all, with the hope, inspired by despair, of receiving his death-wound amid the strife, until, in 1848, the death of his brother GuBtavus, husband of the princess, compelleivu him «»•« to nw assume the ducal crown as _ Land- , graveof Hesse Homburg. The Landgravine inhabited at that time the secluded castle of Hombourges-Monts. Here, then, did Prince Ferdinand, way-worn, war-battered, and weary-hearted, find himseu once.mqre faca to face with her to whom be had aacn- met again was the anniversary of his 6< year. The Princess was scarcely fifty. He at once. took, the heroic resolution of maintaining the distance which circumstances had placed between them, and to treat her as a stranger in blood and affection. The state apartments of the palace were all left at the disposal of the princess,'while he retired to the obscurest -part of the building. Once, a week only did he permit, his wearv eyes to rest upon the countenance he had seen for so many years in fancy and in .dreams. Each Sunday, after service, a pap wa^despatched from the wing of the castle Where he ^sided' to that occupied by the prihce^B, to' enquire whether she would consent to receive the homage of the humblest of her slaves. Upon the conveyance of the lady's conscnt, the Landgrave would traverse the state apartments of the palace, and, attired in full court costume and followed by a numerous retinue, would , present himself at the door of her apartment, and enter only at her expreBB command. After the ceremonious and customary obeisances usual at courtly presentation, he would withdraw to the solitude he had chosen, until the succeeding Sunday would bring the sole ray of light which had power to penetrate his faithful 'soul. Since the death of the Landgravine, the prince has secluded himself entirely. Sometimes he is met in the woods and upon the hills which surround the gay little town of Homburg, but always alonekind, courteous, and generous to all, but seeking companioship with no one. _ DIES AT THEIB BOUBCE.—Dyes, like perfumes, are often derived from the most repulsive sources; gas tar gives the magenta and mauve BO fashionable of late; picric acid from the same source produces orange and .yellow tones. The beautiful colour ultramarine was formerly made of lapis lazuli and was far too precious an article to be used by the calico-printers, but the modern chemist, having discovered the elements of which it is made, now builds it up artificially. This is one of the most striking rfesults of scientific knowledge, aud was probably the first .triumph of synthetical chemistry. The costly pigment, that we treasured up, is now made artificially at Is. per pound! The method of applying it to cloth is very ingenious. As it is insoluble, how was it to be made to adhore to the material? Chemists answered the question by raixiug it with albumen, which, congulation by heat' fixed it firmly on the fabric to which it was applied. The waste heaps of spent madder were formerly a great nuisance, and were often thrown away, of course into those great carriers—streams and rivers— ' hence the water in the neighbourhood of dyeworks was always polluted; it is .JMF found that at leftstftG-th'ird of this hitherto j waste^poduct can be saved by being treated with a hot acid. Prussian blue iB made from pieces of horsehoof, or refuse woollen inaterals, by fusion with iron aud alkali. A few years ago the scientific world was startled by the announcement that means had been arrived at of extracting the green colouring matter (chlorophyll) from grass, leaves, &c.; To utilise the bloom of spring was indeed a daring idea, and by no uieans impossible of accomplishment; but that excellent intention has been baffled by the extreme alterability of the colour ill question. PBOBOSED RAILWAY FBOM SCOTLAND TO IBELAND.—The . following petition has been presented to Parliament, signed by J. O'Nealo Neale, of Brook-hill, Devon, of the Middle Temple, Barrister-at-Law, Recorder of Walgall:—"That in the summer of the year 1844 your petitioner was retained as counsel to the Portrush, Coleraine, and Armagh Eailway, and deputed to visit the North of Ireland on behalf of that railway company; and in the course of his investigations your petitioner was struck by the feasibility of making a solid causeway from the Mull of Canty re in Scotland to Tor Point, near Cape Fair, in ; Ireland, a distance of only eleven miles; that your petitioner found, on inquiry, that no unusual, difficulties existed to .prevent a set of one or more railways traversing' across such causway, the traffic over which would pay a fair percentage on the cost thereof, but the railway panic of 1845 rendered it impossible to proceed; further in the matter; that your petitioner is convinced such a causeway with railways so uniting the three kingdoms would restore, that fresh We and prosperity to Ireland which would' greatly tend to heal all religious feuds aud extinguish Fenianism, yhile to England it would impart additional, strength, security, and honour. Your petitioner, therefore, eintreats your Honorable House to appoint a select committee' of inquiry to ascertain the practicability of making such causeway, and to report thereon to your Honourable House. THE SECBETAT BIED.—rThe ..following letter has been addressed to the editor bf Land and Water, aud deserves attention :— " Sir,.—As venomous snakes are troublesome in ' Australia, why do not the colonists who are trying to accladatiseBO many, species of animals, introduce that very formidable enemy ,t® reptiles of all kinds, the secretary bird oif South Africa? , I knawapair of these bfrda at this time for sale in London. When kept tame, it id remarkable that they will live in perfect harmony with any kind of poultry. Mr. Layard, in his recently published Birds of South Africa, informs us that they are still widely' dispersed througout the Cape colony. ' When a pair establish themselves in any locality, they speedily drive out all others of the same kind, and will breed in the same nest for a long period. The nest is a huge structure, added to yearly, placed sometimes on a low bush, sometimes in a thick thorny mimosa. ' I am told,' remarks Mr. Layard, ' that they never lay more than two eggs. When young, the legs of these birds are extraordinarily brittle. I should imagine that no country IB better adapted for the habits of the secretary bird than most parts of Aus- tralia.—OB HOEEIBLE DEPRAVITY.—At a meeting of t)ie Edinburgh Association for,the Improve' ment of the l>ondition of the Poor, held bn May 1st the Bev. Dr. H&nna; gave' the following account of what he called a " scene of horror " which lately occure^in Edinburgh" A father dies, leaving three, grown-up sons. By membership in two friendly societies they became entitled ; to receive «61^-'wEich they Bpent in dnnk before the burial,Thg eionB then'tobk'their fathers clothes, pawned them, ; and epent what they got for therfi'i in ' drink, .The; mother' having remoxiBttated, she was told that if she did riot' hold her tongue tjiey would .do-ywithjieras they had,,done ^w|th the dead j" apd.they '^didlit., They took: off her clothes, and pawned them aud sent her to bed. .Next came- the pawning of the furniture,, which they disputed about.: and -in .order' to settle the dispute, what did these men do? They dragged the dead body from the coffln,'set it up against the wall; having previously agreed.-that, when it was shaken, if the head-fell in this .way the ode was to gain, and if it fell that,, way the other would be,the gainer !" MOONSHINE.—Somebody has given utterance to'the following scrap of philosophy :— " The poor man's purse may be einpty, but he has as much gold in the sunset and silver in the moon as anybody." A BAD LABEL.—Tom bought a gallon of. gin to take home, and bjr way of label, wrote his name up oil a card, which happened to be the seven of clubs, and tied'it to the handle. A friend coming aloiig, and observing, the jug, quietly remarked, "That's an awful careless way to leave that liquor!" " Why ?" said- Tom. " Because somebody might come along with the eight of clubs and take it." AT A PUIHTEBS' FESTIVAL hold in Lowell, Mass., the following toast was presented:— "The printer," master of all trades; lie beats the farmer with the Hoe, the carpenter with his rules, and the mason with setting up tall columns ; he surpasses the lawyer and doctor in attending to his cases, and beats the parson in the management of the " devil." " I so so pity a poor child that is just beginning to go to school," said tenderhearted old grandma Smithers, " for it can- not learn its alphabet without getting A B (a bee) in its mouth." 1 1 1 MOURN for my bleeding country," said a certain army contractor to General Sheridan. •" So you ought, you scoundrel," said Sheridan, " for no one has bled her more than you have." IN Germany, when a paper says anything witty, they kill the editor ; and not one editor has been killed there for two hundred years! WHAT is the difference between a fiery individual and a slice of bacon ? One is a rash man, and the other a rasher. WHEN should a man dine ? If rich, said Diogenes, when he likeB; if poor, when he eau. WANTED.—A reward of £5 is offered for the apprehension of P^r<ia 1 \Pi 1 iiltferty, wn'o L^sNveeu stole the jackass, which same had on a pair of corduroy breeches, with blue eyes, aud smokes a short pipe; much given to squiuting, and likewise his Bhoes are down at heel.— THEBE was once a counsul at ,who indicated his office hours by the legend on his door, "In from ten to one." An old ship captain, who kept coming for about a week without finding the counsul, at last furiously wrote iu the terms of a wager, under this legend, "Ten to one you're out." A FEW days ago a villager at Estremadura was drowned in attempting' to cross the Tagus on horseback. The maypr ordered a search for the body. The edict gave as means of identification the following particulars : '-Dark complexion, tall, marked impediment in speech." Empire. Toes Courier. Queens- lander. —Agricultural Qas- ette. —Quarterly Review. NITHOLOOIOOB, Irish paper. 