TURF GOSSIP. There was barely time to look through the woights for tho Melbourne Cup (which we give this week) lust week before the usual quantity of ' gossip' was required for our country edition, and therefore our remains on the handicap were postponed to rtii« woes. Having had a careful look through tlic performance ot Messrs. btandisu, l-isner, ana Leonard, we have no hesitation in saying that it far exceeds our anticipations in its character of a successful production. Mistakes there are, as there ever will be in a handicap, in which upwards of half a hundred horses, of ell ages and characters, have to bo brought together ; hut to our thinking the mistaken in the Melbourne Cup arc not by any means so glaring as they arc in the Metropolitan. In proof of this wc might quote the price list in the letting market. In the same issue of the Austra lasian in which the weights are published, wo are told that the price on the field is 100 to 5, while the most liberal price that can be obtained about Tim Whifflcr for the Metropolitan is 3 to 1 1 The principal features of the Melbourne Cup handicap are, the high standard at which the handicappcrs commenced, and the light imposts of the moderates. The duffers have at length a good chance of doing a good thing ; and it would not surprise us in the least at seeing the Cup go to a rank outsider. In the only remarks wc made last woek of the weights for this race an opinion was expressed that the Sydney horses had been honoured with a vengeance, aud that Nimblefoot and Marksman appeared to be the only horses that had a chance for it. The first remark has turned out to be correct ; and although we approve of com mencing with a high standard, we think the handicappere might nave contented themselves with giving the two top ?weights 10 at. 1 lb. cach. Tim Whifflcr, The Barb, and fireworks have about three pounds too much cach, and what in the name of all that is equitable has Mr. Dines's black colt, the Italian, done that, ne should be honoured with 8st.Glbs. i Surely this must be a mistake. Italian may be a very good colt ; and his running in the Derby last Spring proved him to be good as a three-year oldj but he must be a ' wonder indeed to have a chance of winning the next Mel bourne Cup with 8 st. 6 lbs. up. The odds about him are 100 to 1 offered, without takers ! Bulgimbar at 9 St. 2 lbs., end Glencoc at 8 st. 12 lbs., are. in our opinion, very fairly treated. North Australian, with 8 st. 3 lbs., has a rosy chance indood if Sam Holmes can get bim to thepost fit, and there is but little doubt that he will do thia, barring accidents. The northerner has been backed at 100 to 8 in Sydney, and kis price ie now 10 to 1. He w consequently first favourite. The Stumpy party are also very well satisfied with the Weight he will nave to carry, 8 el., but in our opinion he will find it too much, unless very fit indeed. Weadbero to tho Opinion expressed last week, that Marksman is exceedingly well in, and should he turn out anything like tlie colt that bis appearance warrants his owner in expecting, his chance will be a rosy one indeed. Wc also adhere to our expressed opinion about Nimblefoot' s weight. We have reason for ' believing that tbe stable expected to get 8 st. 4 lb. ; and as the liorse has got six pounds short of this weight to carry, his chance must be a very good one. Mr. Craig's other horse, Tim Whifiler, is also very well in at 8 st. 2 lb., but we prefer the chance of his stable companion. Among the other A'ictorian horses that are well in is Little Fish. There were plenty of people who, prior to the last Spring meeting at Randwick, regarded Little Fish as a better colt *fi«n Fireworks. Now the latter has to give tho former two stone, so that, so far as Fireworks is concerned, Mr. Fisher's colt ought to be satisfied with his weight. Two stone makes an enormous difference in 'two miles, and in a match with both fit, we should certainly prefer The Fish. With regard to Mr. Fisher's pair of fillies, Fenella and Ragpicker, we think they nave both two er three rounds too much, unless they should turn out very well. Were Fenella to win our Derby, we have no doubt she would find plenty of backers for the Cup — and may win it for that matter ; for a few pounds make vory little differ ence to a really good three-year old. Were we asked to pick out ten to back against the field they would be, Bulgjiabar, Olenooe, North Australian, Victorian Tim Whiffler, Stumpy, Nimblefoot, Little Fish, Rip Van Winkle, Fenella, and Marksman. In last week's Australasian, ' Orange Blossom ' has had his say on our Metropolitan Handicap ; and, as we agree in the main with hiB remarks, we give them in extents — ' Whatever may be the opinion of tho New South Wales people respecting the handicap for the Great Metropolitan, I have nohesitation in pronouncing it one of the worst ever published. In my-hnmble opinion, there are not more than eight horses with the ghost of a chance, because the top weighte are let in upon such advantageous terms that the duffers cannot hope to have a show alsngsido of them. Fancy the Whifflcr and Tho Barb at 9 st. 10 lbs. each, and poor old Snip with 7 st. 6 lbs. Tim Whiffler, who with 10 st. 1 lb. up made such a show of some of our. Victorian flyers on tbe Duke's Day, carries less than his weight for age, and with 9 st. 10 lbs. on his back must indeed prove dangerous. Glenooe, too, is leniently treated, considering hie late performances ; nor has Fireworks much to grumble of. But what has Ragpicker done fhat she should concede 4 lbs. to Kaiser, a oolt that has beaten her upon every oc casion of their meeting P Orlando, apparently, has not suffered materially for his dead heat 'with Tim; and upon paper ill-. Town has as good a prospect as either Mr. De [ Mestre or Mr. Tait. Infect, in my estimation, the only horse* capable of holding their own against the above L named gentlemen's lots are Oulnare, Phoebe, Kaiser, and perhaps Fenella and Kingfisher. The handicappcrs, it is probable, Lave committed the very error bo often pointed out by the contributors to the spotting Press— commencing with too low a standard. It is 'useless for racing men to 4hrow their money away in nominating their moderate iorees, if cracks of Tim Whiffler' s description are allowed to have all the best of the bargain ; anil there can be no denying the fact thai the chief public performers engaged in the Metropolitan. arc eo liberally treated that nags a f the Snip kind have no chanoe whitcvor of doing a 'good ' for their possessors.' We learn from the same pnper that at a general meeting of the members of the Albion Subscription Betting Rooms, the new rule on double' and treble event betting was eon firmed. Here is the paragraph referred to. ' The atten tion of tho members of the ring was entirely taken up on Monday evening, at the general meeting of the Albion Subscnption-room, whoro they mustered their forces to oppose the new law on double and treble events submitted i **. he committoe for confirmation. There was a fair attendance ; and the. committee chose to submit their motion without comment, and to leave it entirely to the room for decision. There was one dissentient amongst (he book j. makers, in the person of Mr. Joseph Harper, who entirely i- coinaided with the views taken by tho coauaittee ; aad after a deal of speechifying,' and I think seven amendments, all I originating from tho Bookmakers, the chairman, to out it ' short, put the original motion first, which was carried by a email majority, eo all the amendments foil to the ground, i and the new rule has now become law, viz.;— - All future bets on ''double and treble - events shall not be recoverable i i until the last event comes off.' ' .?j The £2 forfeits for the Metropolitan were declared on t j Wednesday last. The only horses that did not accept were S i CocsacK, Snip, Nightshade, -end Jamaica. 