FATA MORGANA. (From the Standard.) SEEING is believing, according to the popular philosophy. But believing is different from knowing. The very air plays its tricks with us, and the medium through which we are compelled to exercise the faculty of vision sometimes creates phantasmagoria instead of transmitting correct impressions. The mirage of the desert cheats the eye of the camel, and the poor animal rushes headlong to slake its thirst where there is nothing but sand. Moore has sung in Lalla Rookh 0 Who that 'mid the desert's heat Sees the waters fade away, Would not rather die than meet Streams again as false as they ? Sir Samuel Baker tells the tale of the Egyptian cohort which refused to obey its experienced guide, and having slaughtered him for his very faithfulness, pushed on through the trackless sand, pursuing the tempting waters which ever seemed in ad- vance but which never were overtaken. Group after group of frenzied men fell ex- hausted on the arid soil, and the bleached skeletons of the Egyptian soldiers told the tale of their fatal error. Such is one of the traditions of the Nubian Desert. But the eyes are cheated elsewhere than in the wilderness. There is a hill between Dover and Ramsgate which intercepts the view of Dover Castle from the latter place, all ex- cept the tops of the four turrets. But on the 6th of August, 1806, at seven in the evening, the Ramsgate people saw the whole of Dover Castle as if it had been brought over and placed on the Ramsgate side of the hill. That Birnam Wood should march to Dunsinane was scarcely more wonderful than this. Yet so it was, and Dr. Vince has recorded the fact. Cap- tain Scoresby, too, when voyaging in the Polar seas, saw his father's ship floating upside down in the air, and afterwards dis- covered that the veritable vessel was at that time located several leagues beyond the limits of direct vision. The Fata Morgana of the Straits of Messina is another instance of atmospheric eccentricity, objects existing on the opposite coast being sometimes pictured on the water and sometimes in the air, houses, castles, and palaces rising into view " like scenery of a fairy dream." We have mentioned the apparent aerial flight of Dover Castle, as observed some sixty years ago. Dover has been identified, within the last few days, with another ex- traordinary case of mirage. In the after- noon and evening of Sunday, the 10th inst., the dome of the cathedral and Napoleon's pillar, at Boulogne, were distinctly observed from the Crescent-walk at Dover with the naked eye. The distance is full thirty miles, yet with a telescope of ordinary power the various objects in and about Boulogne were brought distinctly into view, even to the very windows of the houses. A locomotive travelling from Boulogne towards Calais was easily traced by its puffs of steam. With the setting of the sun the unwonted vision died away, perhaps to be seen no more for a generation to come. Phenomena of this kind serve to show how marvellously the powers of vision are affected by the medium through which they operate. Or rather we may say that the eye is passive, while the various strata of the atmosphere reflect and refract the rays of light in some unaccustomed manner, conse- quent on a derangement of the usual order and density of such strata. The mirage of the desert is due to a peculiar reflection. The mirage at Dover is an instance of un- usual refraction. In the wonderful arcana of nature rays of light are bent and twisted hither and thither, spread out or contracted, raised or depressed, in a style which puts to shame our most refined optical contrivances. After all we can but imitate, and the closer we study the great prototype the better we shall accomplish our task. Perhaps some day we shall succeed in making a telescope which shall spy over a hill or round a cor- ner ; but we have not done this yet, though we see it done from time to time without our help in that great workshop which is ever active, and where blunders are never committed. It was by this natural aid that the beacon- keeper of the Isle of France told of ships before they were literally in sight. He saw them floating in the air before they rose above the horizon. For such achievements he was dubbed a liar by some and a magician by others; but he simply told what he saw. The Channel coast is rather famous for these natural exhibitions of optical wonders. The ghost at the Polytechnic is a tame in- vention compared with such a grand repre- sentation as that which we find recorded by Mr. Latham in 1797. At five in the after- noon of July 26, in that year, the popula- tion of Hastings ran down to the sea-shore in a state of the greatest astonishment. As if rising up out of the sea appeared a long line of cliffs, leagues in extent, which rose higher and came nearer until there was spread out along the sea front, visible from the level of the shore, a perfect panorama of the coast of France; and all this not as if in the dim distance, forty or fifty miles away, but as if only a few miles off, and therefore comparatively close at hand. It was a French invasion of the British Channel. The Hastings fishermen, incredulous and per- plexed at first, recognised the familiar spots near Boulogne, together with St. Valery, and other places on the coast of Picardy. Mounting to the summit of a neighbouring hill, Mr. Latham had a still more wonderful view, embracing the whole French coast from Calais nearly or quite to Dieppe. By the aid of a telescope the French fishing boats were distinctly visible at anchor, and the different colours of the land upon the heights, together with the buildings, were perfectly discernible. "This curious phe- nomenon," says the account in the Philoso- phical Transactions, "continued in the highest splendour till past eight o'clock (though a black cloud totally obscured the face of the sun for some time), when it gradually vanished. A similar instance is said to have occurred as late as 1822. It is also recorded that in the spring of 1854 the Isle of Wight was clearly visible from Brighton, a circumstance which had not oc- curred for forty years. In 1804 Dr. Buchan was watching the sun rise from the cliff about a mile to the east of Brighton, when at the moment the solar disc rose up from the verge of the ocean he saw the cliff on which he was standing, a windmill, his own figure, and that of a friend who was with him depicted immediately opposite to him on the sea. In the course of ten minutes this evanescent specimen of photography gradually rose into the air and then van- ished. That a change in the density of the air will affect its action in transmitting rays of light is readily shown by an experiment of Dr. Wollaston's. The apparatus is simply a red-hot poker. On looking along the side of the poker at a word or an object ten or twelve feet distant, an inverted image of the object is seen at a distance from the line of the poker of less than three-eighths of an inch. Two erect images are also seen at the same time. Sir David Brewster, by means of a heated iron and a layer of water enclosed in glass, succeeded in imitating the mirage to perfection; in fact, reproducing all the leading phenomena. Dr. Wollaston obtained similar results by means of a saline or saccharine solution, with water and spirit of wine floating upon it. If the medium through which objects are viewed is divided into layers of different densities, these layers or strata will have a corresponding effect on the images of the objects so beheld. When the atmospheric strata are in some peculiar state, not blending in the customary gradual manner, and having, perhaps, a vertical in- stead of a horizontal arrangement, optical effects of a startling character will necessarily be produced. A heavy shower of rain, after a very long course of hot and dry weather, suddenly brought the whole upper chain of the Himalaya mountains into view from the plains of Hindostan. It is upon principles such as these that the recent extraordinary display at Dover receives its explanation. 