MB. HOKTUOMEtlV'3 BrLSEDlOT AND DUN O£3A& DtS BAZAK. On Wednesday night there was such a house as more uia ? redeemed the defects of Tuesday. Every put was crowded, and the dress circle was better tven than that to which Mr. Montgomery made his audience, both in length and quality. From half past 7 to nearly midnight is a very liberal dose of high-class acting. Mr. Montgomery exhibited two entirely new phases of his talent— one in pu:e comedy, and tbe other in what may be called buffo comedy: consequently dicing these first three nights of his engagement he has swept the whole range tf the drama, from the passionate meLoichoIy of Hamlet to the devil-may-care humour of Don C;e or de Bazan. Every transition has elicited new power in the artist and fresh admiration in his audiences. In the repulsive, ill-natured, decrepit monster who represented Louis XL could not have been re cognised the fate-stricken, ghost-haunted youth who had worn the princely weeds of Elsinorc. The ill-favoured old King was in bis turn lest iu the graceful, witt j cavalier, Benedict. Mr. Montgomery's Benedict was so riulfully played as to conceal all the art that was in it. The spectators could easily forget that it was acting at all, the r6U sat so naturally on its impersonator. In repartee-one of the most difficult arts to culti vate on the stage, especially for a tragedian— Mr. Montgomery excelled. Some actors cannot main tain a dialogue without stiffness and hesitancy of manner, which betrays that they are speaking l-y the book. Others have a fatal fluency, which casts suspicion on theii understanding. Mr. Montgomery is neither too stiff nor too fluent. In dialogue he tones down his voice to that happy medium which combines the ease of real conversation with the emphasis that imparts dignity and intelligibility. In his wit fencing with Beatrice he was prompt' yet deliberate, smart, without seeming too eater to show his smartness. He delivered Benedict's sarcasms in the stvle appropriate to Benedict's mental character aud his age. These tray sous of chivalry ha4 time to cultivate their wit, and they enjoyed the practice of it. Mr. Montgomery did them justice in showing thAt his had been so culti vated, and that it was an enjoyment to him for its own sake. With an imaginary Messina in the background, and a less impulsive Beatrice at his side, he might have fancied himself a real Bene dict, and the illusion would have communicated itself to his audience. Despite very defective accessories, he contrived to create and maintain it to the last, as far as he himself was concerned. Benedict, like the generality of Shiksperion heroes, is exhibited not only in external action, but in a state of mental growth. The action is, in fact, but tbe manifestation of the internal changes. The plot of 'Much Ado about Nothing' does not hinge on a mere outward event, but on a psycholo gical process. Benedict appears first as a miso gamist— a sneerer at the holy state of matrimony. He is mads to display his full ingenuity in that direction. The poet then infuses a new element into his mind, and its influence is seen leavening and changing his whole beiug. In the same way Hamlet appears first simply as a youth soi rowing for a dead fattier, aud disgusted with the world which hai so soon forgotten him. The $ho*t instils a inonl poison into his soul— a deadly suspicion— and it not only leavens, but revolu tionizes. Hence the impersonation of such characters is not mere acting-it is poetic inter pretation. It requires a vivid fancy and an fntinnte knowledge of the human heart, as well as a command of voice and gesture. Mr. Mont gomery, in illustra'ing the conversion of Benedict from a inisoganust into a lover, from a cynic into a sentimentalist, did much more than deliver certain very clever Bueeches which Shakspeare had set d »tru for him. He embodied a meutul process. -nd visualized it stage by stage. He revealed the struggling of the old nature against the new tendency, and celebrated the victory of Cupid by a complete change in his style of acting. ' Much Ado About Nothing*' has a very early— almost premature culmination. As fur as the leadiug characters are concerne 1. the interest cul minates in the second act, where Benedict and Heatrice hear of each other's love. The most difficult p.issa^e for either of theua is the reccptio.i -if this unexpected inteliiecuce. They have to ex hibit their surprise at it, to endeavour to account for it, and to resolve how they will treat it-all by a simultaneous course --f action. Mr. Mont gomery's rendering of this situation would have satisfied the keenest criticism. He bail two ex ?misite monologues to deliver— the belore and after -and nature could not have produced in real life a finer contrast. The first was the misogamist'8 lament over his friend Claudio, and his deprecation of ever falling into such a snare himself. There was a flavour of the mojt delicate yet piquant humour in his rendering of the famous Hues— 'May lbe converted, and see with these eyes. I cannot tell. I think not. I will nut be sworn, but love may transform me into an oyster; but I'll take my oath on it till he have made an ovster of me he snail never make rae such a fool.*' The whole speech was artistically elaborated, and every sentence turned into a little comedy. The same with its counterpart, which followed on the departure of the 1'iinee and hi3 friends, after their me for revealing to him Beatrice's love. When Benedict returned from his hiding-place to the footlights he was a new man. His cynicism «as already thawing under the heat of the very scntirtent which a few minutes before he had l-een fljuting. His eagerness t ? believe what he had juic been laughing at when he did not suspect its possibility h a profouu-) inspiration uf the poet, which the artist se zed upon with keen intelligence and worked out with great skill. Bene dict having got the idea of love into his head thought of nothing but its realization. He dis regarded all dirJiculties. suppressed all misgivings, anticipated and answered all objections. U itli the same ingenuity whereby he hail proved his in vulnerability he now vindicated his inglorious sub mission. '1 may chance have some odd quirks and remnants of wit broken on me because 1 have railed so long against marriage. But doth not the appetite alter? * ' ' When I said I wuiild die a bachelor I did not think I should live till £ were married.' By this confession Bjuedici's fate was decided, aud there Mr. Montgomery's hardest task ended. In the I Utter part of the play he hail little to do that required him again to put forth his power. But the lee Election of the scene in Leonato's garden compensated for the lamenens of the cluse. When the curtain fell it was ami J regrets that such pure an i refined comedy is to be seen so seldom on the stage. Tbe cast was, with one exception, the same as that which supported Mr. Anderson's Benedict, and therefore it docs not require to he again particularized. Uf course Miss St. Denis was the representative of Beatrice, and Dogberry was effectually written down an ass by Mr. Oreville. As Don U*3« de Bazan, Mr. Montgomery had to bring into full play characteristics which Wire incidental to Benedict. He was obliged to draw upon quite a new fund of humour, and the draft was at once honoured. The first thing to be no ticed in his acting is the skill with which he iden tities himself with a character. It is not a mere composite impersonation, iu which the better points of different characters are brought together time after time, and presented in different order and under different aspects. Kvery new part is a distinct creation — a com plete embodiment offered for critical study. Ami what an intelligent judgment creates there is dramatic power to pourtray. Mr. Montgomery does not give a handle to the critic by putting f ot ward a clear indistinct image; he boldly in dicates that he has design iu what he doe*, and all the miautiiu of action aud gesture required to give expression to that desigu are assiduously observed. Tne Adelaide public are much more familiar with Don Ctesar under its operatic title of Maritana. In the opera the slips of the actor may pass unobserved under cover of the dulcet notes of the musician; but not so in the drama. There is no subterfuge available. A noble Spaniard of rare generosity, boundless good humour, and unim pcachablecourage has to be impersonated. Through prod'gility his wealth has been scattered to the windi. and with destitute ciicumstances creditors swarm around him claiming their own. His troubles would be quite enough to drive an ordinary man to distraction, but through it all he preserves a jovial equanimity- in dress, the decayed remains of a doublet befitting the rank of Don; in bearing, the courtly grace of a courtly Spaniard ; and in manner, the easy .abandon of a nun who feels that he has reached the very bottom of the hill, and that no change is likely to be for the worse. Mr. Montgomery's portraiture of the Count was faultless. It' required a few moments to r&ognise; him hi his ragged dress, for his voice, as well as his physical exterior, wa« entirely changed from what it had been not many minutes before. The principal scenes are tbe interview with Don Jose; the inter cession on behalf of the boy Lazariilo, which ter minated so tragically: his prison marriage; his introduction to tbe Countess de fiotondo as his wife; his tete-a-tete with the King. It i« difficult to say which was managed most successfully. It is only honest to add that their combined tesi niony was sufficient to confirm tbe actor's title to a reputation for extraordinary versatility. Whatever may be thought of the piece itself-and it is diffi cult to know how to designate it— there could only be the one opinion wi.h regard to tbe successful representation of 'Don Caesar de Bazan.' - And on the whole, too, he was well supported. Excepting an occasional inopportune display of archness or satirical petulance. Miss St. Denis gave a goo i rendering of the ' Wild Wood Flower.'! There is, however, scarcely enough of the Gitana experience given to illustrate the extent of the contrast. Those, too. who have lively recollections of Madame Lucy Esoott's lively impersonation and charming singing ;might be apt to draw an un favourable and unfair comparison. Mr. Rogers's performance as the Marquisde Botondo, Governor General of His Spanish Maj^tty's poultry, was one of those pieces of acting for which he will be long remembered. His counterfeit of the empty-patcd and deluded old placeman was so like reality that it is impossible to refer to a blemish in it. Mr. Holloway did not shine as the King. Hib tilt has evidently nothing to do with aristocracy; and, although be got through his part without positively failing in it, there is no special point upon which he can be commended. Mr. Lawrence's Don Jose comes pretty much within the same category. It was passable, and that is all that can b» said w its favour. Tonight Tom Taylor's comedy of 'Still Waters Run Deep' will be produced, in which Mr. Montgomery will appear as John MilJmay. Skatko I.'isk. — On Wednesday afternoon Colonel and Mrs. Hamley, with the officers of the 50th Regiment and about 30 ladies and gentlemen, again attended the skating rink. As the skating season closes next week, Mr. Charles Mothersill takes bis benefit at the Town Hall on - aturday afternoon, on which occasion the lady skaters will appear. The Japanese Jugglers.— There was but a ?mall attendance at White's Rooms, King William street, on Wednesday evening. July 8, to witness the performances of the Japanese Jugglers. The. entertaintaiment passed off successfully. This evening several new feats will be executed, and M. Vertelli and company will alw) perform. RrvEB News.— A telegram received in town notifies that the Jolly Miller arrived at Wentworth on July 7, from Goolwa, and that tbe Murray is rising. Steam to Melbourne.— We are requested to inform intending passengers per Rangatira, for Melbourne, that they must be on board the steamer by 3 o'clock this afternoon. -£f' Mes-ra. Parr -fc Luxmoore request ua to temind FeUmongen, Tallowpoandlers, and others thai their usual Produce Sale will take place This Day. when* large quantity of Wool Skins, Tallow, Ac. &c; will be offered Mle it 12 o'clock. 