I2,SW;CII CIIRIST?L?8 BIACI~. The :Ipswic Christmas race meeting bhaing been poatponed till tie nose ren commenaced ycsterdav, and a plensanter day's sport could not hocI bhrsa dsii'edi. The olFtrdasnce was smnall, not more tlios between 41100 and 500 being prescent, but all appesred to e?l.oy themsreis bcarlily, and to appreeiate te esport. The gr'and sslaod was well filled, thinsis to the loas price of odmnission, and tise booths anstd fruit stalls w'ere liberally patlonized. Yet, although josialityo ws tie order of the doy, a drunkents seas s , ,t. t'o hr arces on the ourose, sod eserytihing tius.tc sff is tIe m?urt orderly mnnerss rolsd aiithout occidrist. 'Ithsr eunnsois ground was in good trisi, but eoae parts of Ithe sour~e mere rather dangerous to careless horsesenoi onu1g to tie Irleg crais causoesd by Ito dry n rtihor. A tfs gunsbling atlraetiosis oasticored during the earl" part of the dsay, bht tIey failed to attroel, and 0e4 of thesis soon disuppcared. The rocing @as the o?ly aSsmnoe ment. Eren s"Auntt Sally" aos absent, and mnosy oliher little itenetiolss srihichi osed to enlivcn the course were missed. It was cslweinlly to be regretted sisat the services of the Volunitees bassd were not secured, as their music wsould liare added oeasiderably to the gaiety. There mere very few rehibles on the ground, bat eqestrisns were numerous. The stewards asid sltthe aOfficiuls did their duty well. The racing was on the whole very good. For the Maiden Plane seven storied, Quickstep failing to put in an appearunce; and, although a gift to Gaess hopper, it was an issteresling contest. The local horses made a vTry poor show, but the stbort time several hlane beni in training, and the hbrriedssiasncr 'in which that important business has been got ores, goes far to aE.ount for it. A few, of course, have no claim ahatover to the appellation of racers. Thie grand event, the Duke's Hnsndirap, was a capital rce, "and never did "t he pot boil over" so completely. Almost any money was oalrled on Nonsuacs, and h'is owner thought be mould do as he liked; but after the first mile be had to work isicessantly to kelp pace mitts hsis opponents, and he did not look or go i9 thint easy pleasant style which is his wont. He was eti dently wrong, naid forthe irHadirap to-day doubtless thera'will b saneiherfavourite. Miss BHorwood did ex cellently for the first mile, but the second told on her, and she had great difficulty sa palling second money. She is considered safe however for the Ladies' Purse to-day. That Froserpiie ssould hale doneso'well alter her inglorious visit to Toowroomba is surprising, buit we beiave preespt measures were taken to put licr in bettor trim. Doubtfsd onght never have beei entored,or at least his asount should lave been some person e sble of ridisig. The horse curried aboat 161bs. orijeig?, t, which the manner ise was sdddes? made fully equal to 20bs. Let us hope that he will ibe botter treated to-day. The Selling Stakes was nnusually prolonged to four heatse, and Prince saowsed himself both plucky and fast in the asannor lie did his fourth mile. Bedeenn ssuld not stand it, assd it is doubtful if she had got a fair start for the first Iseat whether Princo mould hare got the money. Jaca Hi"ton was as plucky as ever, but had not the foot. 'Th manner in which the sesand heat for the Hack Stakea sasa rn savoaured aery much of " honky pankiy" business, and destroyed all confdence. To-day's racing opens aiths the Hardle Ease, for which Liglhtfoot is spoken of as safe. There are fie very good horses entered, anrd there ought to be good spoi% 'TTheTonts Plate will lie betwesn Nonsuth and Proserpine. Prairie Bird, considering ber Iow'ondi tion, did very wrell yesterday, and if fit she would prore daageroas, but ashe hass not the ghost of a ehanet. Doubtful ought to make a good elstsw with 7st. llhb. on hiesbank, but from him and Prime Minister there is little to fear. Safeguard and Chancellor appear to have broken down, Paoserpine looks safe. ..The Ladies' Purse promises to be a good race, but beyond Miss Horsool, Centipede, ansi Grasashopper a j?" - -'- is libs.y. rans's Rica, The Iffamow: PLATO of Thirty Sovre~igns, fe; all maiden horses. Second horae to roeeipes fiee pounds from.the prize. One mile and s.hilf; one event. Entrance, One Pound Ten Shillings. Mrr:a. Essdon's b. g. Grasshopper, 3 yrs., Sat. 1Hbs. (Greer) . ............1 H, ?fsnreo'a e. c. Prime Minister, 4 yrs., Oit. 4lbs. (S~fkring) .... 2 A. Nieol's hr. f. Prairie Bird, 4 yrs., Dot. 1lb. (Doody) ....... ".......3 Doctor, Dustman, Narroaw Guge,Agilio, and Quink. stop also ran. There was very littlo betting on this race. The field was the fsvoorite**:;2 to 1, sod 5 to 1 wan offered against JNarrow Ore and Dustman. tin canstering past the grand sotnd thle condition of Grasshsopper and Prime [insister excited ndmirofion, and tley rapidly increnscd in fssour. The former was ultimately bokeIed at even. Afer~a little trouble consequent opon the fractious hess of some of the nags, the flag fell to a very lorer able start. They paired off for a short distance, but en approaching the quortermiloe post the lot closed -p witel the enception of Prairie Bird, nho was a long way behind. They came quietly up to the post, Grasshopper leading, with Prims MBinsister on his flank, and Dastosls and Agilie in close attcnd, anne. Away from the stand they fell into Indians file, slid with the eceeption that Prairio Bird ran up to third place, the positions were not materially altered It soah became evident that the race lay between Greeahoppor ahd Prime Minister, and notwithstanld ing that ths wlhip was freely plied, tih latter could not gain an inch on the littie horse, who won easily by several leneg~t, Prims Ysinister second, Prairie Bid third, Dustman fourth, and the rest nowhere. Alter a short interval the bell rang for the Sneances RIo~. The Duoc en EnecnanRena Gons .rLa-icnc?r Swerp scions of Three Sovereigns each, with Sixty Pounds added from the funds, for alltlorses, to be handicapped by tIne Stewards or whomsoeveir they may appoint. Two mileA snd a distance. Entrance, Thien Pounds. ' .Mr. J. Catton's e.m. Proserpine, aged, Set. Sihs. (Allen) . ...............1 T. Sowerbh1s c. m. Miss Horwood, 0yrs., 8st. (Harris).............. ...... 2 L. Fla~nnns bh. g. lieeusoe, aged, OAt. 121bh. (Owner) ..........., ... 3 . Carondy'e b. g. Doubtful, aged, 8st. ... dis. Safeguard and Chaoncllor did not show. Nonsunh was the favonrito at 5 and 6 to 5, which wae freely laid, nothing else being named. A splendid start was effected, and on passihg the stand Mim Horwood, who had inside runleing, wae leading, Proserpine second, Doubtful third, and the favourite lost. Ti u manner in whiel Doubhful was riddee caused a good deal oTfmueenmnt. Attlce half mile Miss Horwood had a lead of nearly a dozen lengths, the others lying well together. Larry niw began to work up, hut Proserpine outstripped him and wrested the post of honoor from tha little Pits fora, wiho went gallantly and well. Doubtful snow dropped behind at every stride, and was completely out of the race. Miss HEorwood kept good time witll Proserpine until approaching the straight when she (elI back to keep company with Nonsuch who was callod upon by Larry but without avail Proserpine held her place and won easily by about three longtiln amid great cheering, which was renewed oes her enter ing the weigsing yard. There was a good straggle for second money, but Larry could not get tle little horse further forwarc than Miss Horwood's flank, and caine in third. "A prettier race was never seen on the Ipswich course. . good deal of money clsnusger hands. An adjournment for luncs now took place, after which at a few.minutos after threb, tIe bell called for the Taems Rlco. Ti SEL SuO STnows of Twenty Sovereigns ; onse mile heats. The winner to be sold immediately after thle race for £40l: if entered to be sold for £30, to be allowed 7lbs.; if entered for *20, to be allowed 14bs. ; if entered for £15, to be allowed I1fbe. Any eurplus to go to the Race Iuned. Entrasne, Onse Poused. Mr. T. Sowerby's bhg. Prin'ce, aged, Sot. lIb. (Oawr.. .............1 1 W. Wrighst's g.g. Jack 1Iiotou, aged, Oat. ilb. (Powcll).......... ...2 2dr J. Fcruson'a e.m. Limnnsl., yrs., Dst. lib. (Ms'Asnnallcy) . ..........3 dr J. Fletcher's c.m.Bldrrna, 5 yrs., 9st. llb. 0 1 2 Ailsie, Prospect, Royal Choarlie, and i aNnrow Gnsgc` als0 ran. Tsene oa nus sot mssels bellieng oen tshe ccvl. swerlks being the rule. Dedresol and .lurc Ilihssos n'ere fanouritle, nelsile tele elnlponanrce oi Priues goined Iios a great sany friends.nd The seart nuns vesy nuch delaoyel is coce.qoesnre af thle Inerleinncnoue effosts of tflnc jochs of Norecow Gilenge aud ?ock HIiuton to got asay to ndvnostge. Tine stsarler, Iseuer, peraisted ih Isis duty, unnd at lesegth else lot were off pressy nell teoelser einis she reecl tion of BIedeea, elso wss a long coy inn the rear. Jack Hintoe~tovnce lsawed in front withljinnet end Narrow Gau e and Prince dna lose, attendascse. Badeens retusned behind. and allhsiae ahe aaw?d at the hill the distance wa?s too great to make up. Pricer soone'ut hli way through his horses, and after a gataIst struggle wrested first place from the grey and c;raio bsome weisning the first heat by a neck. Limaet was a: good thtt4 and tihe rest oll over the course. Pnrrow Gaugst and Royal Charlic were dis tansced. Fire started for tie second hleat. Jack Bllston rushed to she front, bat was inoaediately CUt OUt by tiedcsaa, nbh was striding beatuifully. Second plaace n-as oso:a srestelM finns Jarli by LinnOet, Prince fourth, and the "t:at\" tart. Atthie hilt the grey ran sta sseonod, but could not get sarar the ehesnut nasre, a-to ,ao?l ca-ic, htaads dwnon. F'or aeoead placd there a-as a gooat toaslr, bait Itiatoni hlrat hil oslro tearing Linniet iii lace forier tpositoion With iii eraeeptioin of B]e dccrso. sahlis anae spar were freanlas ued. Ths, taied taut toatwt-riscll ltdt.eaaa iand Prince a-as a spslendidy conitestedt rac. Ikhe lauir veal assay n-ills thseir heads almost ian line, but tile soare soon sllot slighlty atiasad, l'riace, hoo-eser-, pros-ed himself'a good haoe?r, and nlthloughs the lamre ass too much for hisa, tie kept asell up, nnd at tele aill gradually les sened the distance. A line rass hlouse took place, and ahlthotagts an opjpioi wa-s preralent that the mards nose was firtt past thl post, the contest wns deeided a dead heot. It appears that at the rise Cuoisagann gas lost a stirrup, unsd Prince thus gained a point ; had it not lesn for shlis the mare must hare won. Ttae decidisag heat wds lehverly n'on by Prince, w'ho juasped away wilth the start and seas never headed. About twcnty lenisgtts separated the competitors. Bodensa was vry ainuchs distressed, asfd eould sanreely w?'alk from the s-ighiaig-yard. Prinea was sold by auction for £27--Mr. Bails, Of Warwick, being tile purchlnser; innet was also oflered, ad knocked dowsn to M[r. Dighy for £1G. F'Oserm M~ca, - Tile IItce S-caras of Ten Sovereignas, for all untrainod taucks, earryilig weight for ago; ot e mile heats. Post enstranc,' Ten Shillings. MZr. IT. Munro's c. g. Barney, aged, (Ashcroft) 1 1 king's b. g. Cobbler, aged 2 2 King's br. m. Frectrador, 4 yrs - ... 3dr. Iarney was favourite and fully maintained the eos fidensee sltcud in dim by running away with the lead ansd hiolditag it tlsroughout. The second hleat was i. very unsatisfactory one. Cobbler took the 'lead and was permitted to hold it to tile ead. Barney was ovideastly hard held from the start uastil the straight, whon he sas let out, but it was too lute, and a dead heat was the eonsequenc. Banery won the deciding heat in good style, and so completed his forty-fifth victory. , FansI M'acn., A Msnary S?r?ar; CatCeh weights ; on mile beats. Post entrance, Five Shiillings. Ten started for this race, wvohich n-as wi-s by Mr. Easdon's Wonderful. A protest ias, however, been otaterosi,' Thi closed thi day's procerdings, and tha visitors separated in a -cry orderly manner. 