MB. MONTGOMERY'S ROYAL RECITALS. Fbiday, July 24. There was a capital attendance at White's Rooms on the evening of the 21th, and the programme was a choice one. It included many selections which had been before produced, but none which was wanting in special excellence. The Shaksperian illustrations opened with " The Seven Ages" and " Wolsey's Farewell," and then passed to the exquisitely pathetic scene between ; " Hubert and Arthur." There were none present who were not affected by the childlike, eloquent, ; earnest pleading of the young Prince, so powerful to move the sympathy of him who had steeled his heart to perform the bidding of the cruel tyrant. Then came "The Churchyard Scene," from " Hamlet," wonderful for its rapid transformations from the comic to the serious—its alternations of light and shade. "The Bells*' was given with more than the ordinary amount of that thrilling power which on its delivery seems "never old, ever new;" but scarcely had the hearty applause ex- j torted by this difficult and exhaustiog recita tion ceased than Mr. Montgomery, in his usual easy, natural way, commenced Hood's amusing story of Ben Battle'6 loves. Indeed, it seemed like an answer to an encore, but the arrangement of the programme is such that the reciter is able to oppose the extortionate tendencies of his auditors without offending them. The running play upon words, introduced into the tale by the inimitable punster, was shown very successfully, not one of the double meanings being lost. "The New Tale of a Tub" was capitally rendered. There was no difficulty in imagining the precise nature of the situation which the unhappy pair of Bengalese picnicers found them selves in with the hungry lord of the jungle, and the merriment provoked by the description of the incidents of the encounter was unbounded. Satubday, Jolt 25. The Saturday afternoon's entertainment at White's Booms was largely attended, there being a great many ladies and children present to enjoy the excellent programme which Mr. Montgomery had prepared for them. Amongst the pieces which he pave, Macaulay's "Horatius" aud Hood's " Mary's Ghost" were much applauded, and the entertain ment generally seemed to give the greatest satis faction. In the evening the entertainment commenced with a scene from " Borneo and Juliet," after which Mr. Montgomery gave the audience a taste of his best quality in he trial scene from Shylock. The vengeful impassioned Jew was brought out in strong contrast with the somewhat tame Christians, his creditors, and the clever though as as it seemed rather pert young doctor from Padua. In fact, the Jew appeared to be the only man amongst them, except perhaps the crier of the Court, for he by no means allowed his light to be hidden under a bushel. The next pieces were "The Bells" and Hood's comic baUad of " Ben Battle," which were as well received, and deservedly so, as on previous occa sions. Then came "The Bloomsbury Christening," which, as previous notices have stated, is one of Montgomery's greatest successes iu the broadly humorous line. The actor who went to hive his portrait taken, and drove the painter mad by pre senting a fresh countenance every time the bewildered artist looked up from his easel, could not have been a greater master at making faces than Mr. Montgomery seems to be. Indeed, he squints with such vividness that it is dangerous to look at him too much lest the complaint really should be "catching." Monday, July 27. It begins to appear that want of power rather than of will was to blame for the limited atten-. dance last week at the Koyal Becitals. Now that | the last six nights are announced people have suddenly woke up to consciousness of the rare opportunity they are so soon to lose. The house on Monday was by far the best Mr. Montgomery has yet drawn at White's Rooms. It reminded one of the brilliant assemblies which first wel comed him in the Theatre Royal. All the three divisions were well filled, and the had wore one of its gayest aspects in honour of "Macbeth." It would have been more of a discredit to us than of a disappointment to the artist had such a feat as the recitation of " Macbeth" been wasted on a scanty audience. But all the accessories being satisfactory, there was not a single regret or a drawback to interrupt the great intellectual en joyment which Mr. Montgomery had provided. Some could not sufficiently praise it as an effort of memory. Others sat in rapt admiration of the elocutionary genius that could assume so many tones, and exhibit such an infinite variety of ex pression. Others wailed for their favourite passages—the dagger scene, the witches* cavern, or Lady Macheth's terrible somnambulism—and then their enthusiasm became irrestrainahle. A fourth class were peculiarly struck by the originality and insight of the running comments—albeit they might not feel inclined to endorse all the opinions delivered. A fifth were impressed with the won derful skill of the condensation, which not only preserved every special beauty, but maintained intact the dramatic unity of the play. The very complexity of the performance was hut the better test of the artist's skill. He made his hearers un conscious of the difficulties of his task by the ease and completeness of his success. Though Jacques has it "that one man in Ms time plays many parts," it is not every man who can play a whole tragedy at once. But such was Mr. Montgomery's ambitien on Monday night. He wished to realize the Thane of Cawdor, his remorseless spouse, his tools, his victims, and his infernal counsellors, all in the one person, who has been humorously described as "a baldheaded stranger, 41 years of age." A gentleman in a dress coat mounted on a emmon platform, and with nothing before him but a reading-stand, undertook to depict the moor on which the three witches held their invocations. The courtyard in which the murder of Duncan was first suggested and then planned, whence the murderer rushed to its execution, and whither he returned a haggard, conscience stricken coward; the banqueting-hall, in which Banquo's spirit was so unwelcome a guest; the cave, with its witches and their cauldron, hissing together their "Doable, double, toil and trouble;" that lady's chamber, stiU more horrid than any witch's cave, where— " Infected minds To their deaf pillows did discharge their secrets." And, last of all, the battle-field, where Macbeth— " Though Birnam wood be come to Dunsinaine, And thou opposed being of no woman horn," —threw "his warlike shield before his body," and fell, cursing the juggling fiends who had hailed him as " who shall be king hereafter." An enumeration of the characters which had to he assumed and the scenes which had to be pour trayed, excites surprise at the temerity of the actor who can undertake so Herculean an enterprise. Macbeth himself may be a rather shallow unin teresting individual, but the play to which he has given his name has no rival iu dramatic excite ment. Some of the episodes, as Mr. Montgomery justly observed, would be termed by modern play Wrights very sensational. It is a play in which grim horrors, startling surprises, aud supernatural commotions do tread fast upon each other's heels. For giving them full effect the ingenuity of scenic painters and of machinists has been taxed from the days of Colley Cibber till now. Only a few years ago the puttingon of " Macbeth" and kindred dramas created the reputation of a London theatre. Here a single actor, without costume, scenery, me chanical illusions, or accessories of any kind, emulates the triumph of a wealthy manager. But half the difficulty has not been explained eo long as Lady Macbeth remains in the back ground. She is the character in the drama, and Mr. Montgomery gave her even more than her natural prominence by introducing a new theory of her conduct. Ge must needs extend his whitewashing sympathies to the woman who, on the verge of a horrid crime, deliberately prayed that no " compunctious visitings of nature should shake her fell purpose." His reason ing was plausible, but sometimes a little too wire drawn, and over inclined to read between the lines like these parasites of genius—the commentators. And after all, what is there to be said in extenua tion of the she-wolf of Glavis? Macbeth may, before the birth of Malcolm, have been heir apparent to Duncau; but that expectation had been dead these eighteen years. He may have been fool enough to discuss with his wife the "imperial theme" which recurred so strongly to his memory after the witches hailed him Thane of Cawdor; but if that theme had been familiar to him, how account for the horrible imaginings it thus suddenly inspired? Had Macbeth been in the habit of wishing to " wrongly win" the crown, the witches' salutation could not have made "his heart knock at his ribs against the use of nature." The emotion expressed in that first soliloquy on the moor implies a sudden shock. Macbeth's thoughts are too confused to run in any particular direction. They rest only on the remote and ominous object without enquiring how it is to be attained. There is no hint of means until the next scene, when Duncan introduces his son Malcolm as Prince of Cumberland. That name 6eems first to have concentrated the horrible imaginings of Macbeth on a given purpose. He marked out the heir-apparent as his rival, but said nothing in his heart against the King. It might thence be inferred that as Duncan was old he intended to remain loyal during the brief conclu sion of his reign, ana to measure his ambition against Malcolm. Lady Macbeth's intuitions were more prompt and decided. She fixed at once on Duncan, and before Macbeth crossed the threshold of his castle a foul murder had evidently been planned in his wife's mind. She was the Fury who whirled him along to his doom, who crushed all his compunctions and her own, and who finished his bloody work for him. There is nothing either in reason or in gallantry to warrant the white washing of her. She had prayed to the powers of hell to unsex her, and they gave every possible proof of having answered her prayer. But Mr. Montgomery's whitewashing does not demand very keen opposition, for it is more theoretic than real. It does not weaken his rendering of the awful dialogues between the two regicides. He made Lady Macbeth, as she ought to be, a much more striking impersonation than her husband. The sleep-walking scene was a piece of acting which even Mr. Montgomery has seldom equalled. The vacant stare of the sleeper, the wandering gaze which spoke of a disordered brain, the horror which be trayed the guilty conscience, were all strangely contrasted with the feminine softness of the face. Short of a veritable Medusa one cannot conceive human features distorted into anything more terrible and at the same time pitiful. After Lady Macbeth the witches ought to rank next in physiognomic effect. They had each a loath someness of her own, which gave treble effect to the loathsome language put in their mouths. The cavern scene was so graphically pourtrayed that the audience seemed under the spell of the witches till the last word had been uttered, when the first use they made of their recovered speech was a spontaneous burst of cheering. Were it necessary innumerable other brilliant points mieht be speci fied; but having described Mr. Montgomery's undertaking, the highest compliment we can pay him iB to record his success. He could not possibly have succeeded better either in embodying his ideal or in pleasing his audience. Tuesday, July 28. Mr. Montgomery has now fully established him self in the favour of White's .Rooms audiences. Night after night he fills the room, and yet by the spell of his voice he is able to command order as unbroken as when the attendance could be counted by scores. On Tuesday evening there were very few seats vacant, and in one or two of the com pa-tments there was not a spare inch of room. Punctually at eight o'clock the doors were closed, and Mr. Montgomery entered upon a programme, consisting of choice extracts, most of which were entirely new, by reciting Tennyson's exquisite lines dedicating the " Idylls of the King" to the "Memory of Alliert the Wood." Into these he threw great tenderness and feeling, and indeedmost of his selections were calculated todisplay his powers of pathos. There is a touching mournfulness—a pensive melancholy—in many of Tennyson's com positions which invest them with special beauty when read in private, but wl;en rendered in public great skill is required to counteract monotony. There is an opulence of poetic sentiment expressed in language appealing not to the senses but to the heart. In face of the manv nroofs which Mr. Montgomery has afforded of ability to act upon the more refined susceptibilities of his audience, it is needless to state that his reading of "Albert the Good." "Godiva," and other kindred pieces was unexception able. For one night the Shaksperian element was_omitted, and in its place four admirable illus trations of the local patois, or dialect, were pre sented. The first was Burns, the Scottish Shak sneare's, famous "Epistle;"' the second, "Come Whoain," a Lancashire poem; the third, "The Northern Farmer," a Lincolnshire poem; and the fourth, the intensely amusing, yet withal deeply affecting story of "Shamus O'Brien." "The Bells," too, created a perfect furore, but the performer adroitly interpreted the encores as being applicable to future evenings. The most striking novelty was the tale of " Mr. and Mrs. Smith at Home." This is told by Mr. Acton, Editor of the Manchester Guardian, in a flowing, graceful style, worthy of the author of the. "Ingoldsby Legends." Although existing only in MS., and written for Mr. Montgomery, it is a literary production which anv one might feel gratified to lay claim to. The incident is simple, but the details are elaborated with such a profuse garnishment of humour as renders the dinouement almost a subordinate consideration. The narrative is founded on fact, and relates mainly to a feud between two country families— the Stokeses and the Ladle FitzBradys. The animosity is as hearty on each side as it is unac countable. The Stokeses—a very pleasant, quiet little couple-have a family consisting of a child of three years old and a "very gelatinous baby." aged five weeks and a fraction. The FitzBradys are childless, and it is shrewdly guessed that this fact has to do with the uncompromising hostility exhibited by each party. The Smiths are mutual friends to the belligerents. They have only recently subscribed to the connubial compact, and now, having issued the proper cards they sit in prime state to re ceive their visitors. Stokes and his wife arrive early in their pony-carriage, and the gushing meet ing between the two ladies over, the "rebel angel," who has been brought much against the paternal wish, is introduced and thoroughly overhauled. Indeed, 60 rapt is the attention bestowed upon this pugnacious little screamer that the arrival of Sir Ladle Fitzbrady and his dame is not observed until announced at the last moment by the agitated nurse. The Stokeses. in pursuance of a brilliant idea of Smith's, are hustled into the china closet, leaving their sprawling offspring in full view of the astonished newcomers. Ladle and his lady scan the phenomenon with Buspicious eye, and then the great, magnate solemnly takes out his watcli, and awkwardly enough enquires whether it is not a little too early. The horror of the situa tion flashes upon Mrs. Smith, who,precipitately bolts from the room, and is never more heard of. It may he judged from this outline that the story must, be well told indeed to explain the uncon trollable laughter which its delivery by Mr. Montgomery provoked. Wednesday, July 29. Are we getting into a Montgomery mania like the Melbourne people! On Wednesday White's Booms were twice crowded to hear the royal recitals. The morning performance had been specially arranged "for the amusement and edifi cation of young people"—an intimation which had a speedy effect. It brought down a small regiment of boys from the College, and stray companies from various other schools. Mr. Montgomery got, in fact, a model audience of the kind he had wished for. And he gave them a very appropriate programme, in which grave and gay were skilfully blended. The didactic dignity of the "Night Thoughts," the worldly sagacity of Polonius, the exquisite tenderness of little Arthur in his pleading with Hubert, the sar donic humour of the Gravedigger in "Hamlet," the splendid music of "The Bells," the amusing ".Tackdaw of liheims," and the spirit-stirring "Charge of the Light Brigade," constituted the best selection that cou'd have been made for such an occasion. Its success, _ both as regards the attendance and the entertainment, ought to en courage a repetition on Saturday afternoon. At present we have more to do with the evening performance, which again attracted a full house. The "Farewell Nights" have more than redeemed the temporary disappointment of the opening nights, and Mr. Montgomery will be a veiy self denying man—we might say decidedly churlish both toward himself and us if he does not give us at least another week of faTewells. Farting with such appreciative and profitable audiences ought to be almost as sweet a sorrow as Borneo's. If it did not seem to detract from our former eulogy of these readings, we might say that their quality improves with the patronage of the public. Of course a sea of interested sympathetic faces spreading cut before a speaker has a more exhilarating effect upon him than the cold walls and empty benches. Unquestionably, there is an improvement in the selection of the pro gramme. There has not iu all the series been one to compare with Wednesday's. The pieces were all individually good. The mixture of humour and pathos in them was exactly proportioned to the taste of the audience. Their capability of eliciting all the varied phases of the reader's talent was also conspicuous. Having regard simply to versatility, Mr.'Montgomery lias never produced a better im pression than on yesterday's audience. His grand impersonations may have had a greater effect on particular classes of his admirers. Many, for instance, may consider " Macbeth" the best reading he has given in White's Booms. Others complain, however, that it was too much for their nerves, and friend Pasquin avows that he can't abide tragedy in any shape or form—whether Juliet stabbing herself, Vilikins drinking cold pison, or Jones being thrown off his centre of gravity by an orange-peel. Yesterday there was no provocation to such little differences of taste. There was something to please every one, and nothing to displease the most squeamish. It was the programme of the series. The Balcony Scene, from "Borneo and Juliet," we have already criticised in part on the occasion of its first production at the Theatre. Mr. Mont gomery could not easily enhance the praise he there earned by his impersonation of the amorous romantic Montague. But yesterday he had a double responsibility, and the second half was per haps even heavier than the first. Juliet in a bald head and a dress coat, with her poetic balcony converted into a platform, had very few prejudices in her favour to start with. Elocution was never so utterly divested of accessory illusions. Instead of being indebted in any way to circumstances, it had to struggle against them. Juliet had nothing to rely upon for the relief of her fluttering heart but Mr. Montgomery's softest modulation aud his mildest expression of face. These clothed her with her true dramatic attributes—the warmth which made her love irresistible, the coyness which would have recalled her confession as soon as it was uttered, the courage which dared all for love, and the anxiety which trembled before the consequences of her daring. This Balcony Scene is one of the rare instances of tragedy and sentimentality blending well together. Lovers are generally fools to all but themselves. Borneo and Juliet are stark mad with the erotic potion, yet somehow it ennobles them instead of making them silly. At least that is the effect of Mr. Montgomery's treatment of them. This most ecstatic of sentimentalisms was made the background of one of the gloomiest illustra tions of Hamlet. Imagine the closet scene after the lover's balcony. We can understand Mr. Montgomery's preference of the churchyard to the closet. As a reading the former is much more self contained an 1 susceptible of separate treatment. But the closet, though less dramatic in itself, gives a better idea of the play. It contains a good deal more of Hamlet, and, in truth, but for the terrified ejaculatory responses of the Queen, it might be called a monologue. It displays Hamlet at the turning-point of his career—when he passes from horribte doubt into still more hor rible certainty—when he has finished his task as a detective, and becomes the sworn avenger. This, we believe, is the third phase of Hamlet that has been given in these readings. Could not a fouith, and still more dramatic one, be added—the inter view with Ophelia? A scene from "Julius Csesar" closed the Shaks perian programme. The terse, manly eloquence of Brutus was rendered with an almost classic im pressiveness. And then how striking, yet subtle, the contrast afterwards presented by Mark Antony! The natural orator was calm, dignified, command ing. His utterance was marked by no trick of tone or gesture. His words sounded as if they came from the speaker's heart, and as if he cared not on what ear they fell or how they were received. Mark Antony was womanish in tone, fawning in manner, full of pretended hesitation and false modesty. He played lago to the Othello of Brutus. Step by step the " plain blunt man," as he called himself, felt his way into the open hearts of the plebs. From modesty lie passed into veiled satire, from satire into cutting sarcasm, and then into open denunciation of Csesar's murder. More skilful and insidious rhetoric was never put into the mouth of man, nor a more intricate subject for impersonation into the hands of an actor. Mr. Montgomery's partiality to it is justified by the great intellectual influence it gives him over his hearers. The miscellaneous pieces included "The Bells;" a beautiful poem, written by Tom Hood the Younger, for Mr. Montgomery; and for a finale the inimitable "Christening." Thursday, July 30. Adelaide has far surpassed her reputation in the treatment she has accorded to Mr. Montgomery. If ever there was a fair and legitimate success achieved by an artist, he has achieved it here. Without any accessories, without anything to cap tivate the senses or appeal to the passions, he has, by the fascination of his own unaided art, evening after evening attracted numbers who were not lightly to be enticed to attend a place of amusement. Once coming, they have experienced such a mental gratification, such an intellectual feast, that they have returned once again, antl still once again, only to see fresh reason for repeating the visit. Success like this could never be gained by one who has not an ardent love for his profession. The intense affection he bears it touches, a responsive chord in those who are brought in ontact with|him a these gathering*. It acts upon cnein with magical power, and the artist is almost overlooked in the sentiments lie embodies and gives life to. They become sensible to the music of elocution, and enter into the feel ings of those men who have won the choicest laurels in the field of letters, and whose best thoughts are laid open before them in such a way as to demand their admiration. To the crowded audience at White's Booms on Thursday night Mr. Montgomery gave an excellent illustration of his extraordinary powers. He pre sented Hamlet—his Hamlet, and, as we think, Shakspeare's Hamlet too—before them with an unmistakable identity. In the commencement he was the high-souled Prince—once the glass of fashion and the mould of form, "the observed of all observers"—agitated by a nameless dread—a suspicion too terrible to find utterance, inculpating as it did a beloved mother in a most foul and un natural murder. But the life-sick sensation which could inspire the wish that "this too solid flesh would melt*' was very entirely different, in character from that consuming distraction which took possession of him after lie > naa new converse with his father's I spirit. Jlis whole nature underwent a > shock. ! Vague suspicion gave place to horrible belief, | against which his > heart revolted, although his | instinct clung to it with rigid tenacity. The > blow, whilst it did not unseat the reason, had a stirring bewildering > effect. His mind received from that ghostly interview a colour and a bias > which never forsook it. Mr. Montgomery's selections, be ginning with the > First Soliloquy already men tioned, ana closing with the resolve > followingupon the bitter self • accusations which the player's emotion in > couuteifeiting Hecuba's griefs extorted, thoroughly accorded with that well- > defined intel ligible conception of the character which has now become so > familiar to thousands in Adelaide. The comments with which he filled up the > outline of the plot explained most aptly what was omitted of the text. Each > illustration was so perfect, and yet withal maintained its distinctive > characteristics so well, that it would not he difficult to extend criticism > upon the performance to almost any length. It is unnecessary, however, to > say more regarding this tragedy and Mr. Montgomery as connected with it. > Before leaving the Shaks perian, however, we must acknowledge Mr. > Montgomery's good-natured references to Lady Macbeth and her traducers. He > is still of opinion that Her Ladyship is a very injured woman. He holds that > the popular judgment belies ber, and he intends throwing down the glove on > her behalf. We shall gladly give him space for that "splendid" letter which > he has made up his mind to write and in the meantime will give him the > benefit of the one additional reason he has advanced in support of his > theory. From Lady Macbeth's statement— " I have given suck, and know How tender 'tis to love the babe that milks me; I would, while it iB smiling in my face. Have plucked my nipple from his boneless gums And dashed the bramB out, had I so sworn As you have done to this"— he deduces the opinion that the Thane of Cawdor must have sworn a thousand times to compass Duncan's death. The public will be pleased to hear what further so good a judge has to advance on the subject. Another topic to which he referred was the character of Polonius. He remarked that a gentleman, for whose views he had a high respect, regarded this courtier as a wise and honest man. Honest he admitted him to have been, but he was quite unable to reconcile Hamlet's epitaph— " This counsellor Is now most still, most secret, and most grave; Who was in life a foolish, prating knave;" with the sagacious precepts laid down in the olyl man's advice to his son. "The Bells" were interpolated as the first of the miscellaneous recitals, and then came " Horatius." To be brief, this was a glorious composition gloriously given. The audience almost held their breath, and at the close relieved their feelings by an outburst of rapturous applause. A. sweet little poem. "Our Wee White Hose, or the Mother's Idol Broken," was afterwards given with exquisite I pathos; and the programme closed with the comic tale of "Mr. aud Mrs. Smith at Home." Another piece had been set down—"Will yon Marry a Parson, Miss Walker"—but as the MS. containing it had been mislaid, those present had to rest content with a promise that it should be given on a future evening. Certainly they bad not much to complain of, as the entertainment did not terminate until after 10 o'clock. 