PUBLIC L SCHOOL TEACHERS. OUE Public School Teachers arecharmingly frank in speaking about themeplves. One, for instance,-'doesn't hesitate.to proclaim aloud that he has been a teacher for 22years, has a large family, and-yet hasnotsaveda shilling. Another takes equal pleasure in stating that, he is not worth a £5 note, although he neither smokes nor drinks,.aiid although'he lias been a teacher for. 17 years. A third admits that the business of teaching unfits a man for auy other employment,;and that a few yearf spent in training the young incapacitates the teacher for intercourse withV the old. These are some erf the revelations recently made by Public School 'teachers at a meeting held for the purpose of considering the expediency of a' Superannuation (Fund- Admissions of this kind are not subjects for ridicule. They-suggest a -very unpleasant (picture to the mind's eye. If this is the 'condition, and these the prospects that mark -the life of the .public teacher, it is plain that the occupation cannot ;be held in very great •esteem or pursued with any feeling of enthusiasm. A man-who drags out his existence in a round of monotonous drudgery, with no liope of acquiring an independence, or even of-saving himself from starvation ; in his old :age, can hardly prove of much -Service to •country. He must live in perpetual temp- 'tation to neglect his duties, to -shirk tne •performance of any iwork not absolutely •indispensable, and to add to his "income by :any additional means that may present themselves. His office requires^the -most cheerful =and willing industry, the greatest 'possible tact and temper, as well considerable •.share of mental cultivation, 'is it possible rtliat a large bo.dy of men, occupying positions (•which subject them to embarrassment, ;ean "fulfil the duties of teaching.as they ought to be fulfilled ? Their-oeeupetion is different •from that of Government clerks. The latter may be as badly off .as the teachers ; -they iinay have as few-stimulants to .ambition, .as little hope for the 'future; 'but r if they are '.listless, disheartened,-andandifferent to their ^routine, the consequences are of very little moment. The public-service is not likely to suffer much. But in the case of the teachers, iwe must recollect that "the interests of the rising generation are placed in their hands; that to them is. entrusted the task of eiilight- -eniug the minds and ill-come degree -that of moulding the character -of the young; and on them consequently »much -df -the -fiiture •well being ofthe community depends. [There is danger then that these interests .may be .•seriously.iniured,.if the teachers throughout the colony are dissatisfied >mth or depressed 'by the miserable conditions -of their.office, terrorised'by the-visite of inspectors, haunted •'by the dread of summary dismissals, and dismayed by the .prospect of starvation in their latter days. It does not ^appear that the Council of Education has paid much attention to .thesa 'very obvious considerations. "The '-CoJonial Secretary has-not even hinted-at them, in any ct his recent-addresses. Sis mind is seem- iingly occupied with the excellence -of the Actand the-injustice-of its -opponent. >Be does not seem to be aware *that, whatever may-be the merits of his scheme, its success must almost entirely dependon the exertions of the teachers, that is, -on the working of the machinery. iHe takes it for granted that the machinery is sure to be all right. We :are inclined to think that e, staff-of -ill-paid, •and consequently discontented teachers is not likely tcyjiroduce very flattering results. A squatter ifiay congratulate himself on the •extent of his run and -the number of his . Bheep ;.but-what if his -shepherds -.are indif- •ferent to their charge, and guide his flocks :also boggy pastures ? -The profits -of the squatter depend even more on the- fidelity of his-shepherds than on the grass, the-water, ,or the other advantages of his station. TBut Mr. Parkes is sanguine. He is always cal- • culatih'g. profits, and never making allowance for losses. -He told his audience at Penrith the other day what they might expect from the operation of the Act. "A boy educated •under this Act would show himself able to appreciate the-Good and the Beautiful, and also how :he would avail himself of an •opportunity to improve his prospects;" while :a boy not educated under this Act would •B1IOW himself" disobedient,unimpressionable 'With regard to the beauty of natural objects ;and usefulness, and utterly neglectful of •every opportunity that might be offered of advancing his course of life." This may be BO, and we hope.it will :be-so. iBut we have >no confidence in these promises in :the face •of so imany -painful disclosures made from time to.time with reference to the teachers. Visions.of gaunt, and-spectral schoolmasters dlyingfrom their duns irise tup before,us— iUot the plump and blooming- schoolboys, with itheir.minds full of .the Good and .the Beauti- .ful as described by Mr. SParkes. It ie -but -.the other day that a schoolmaster^ Tornago \was turned adrift ;by the'Council on charges •which iamounted to little more ithan 'the ttittle'tattle, of a.village. How many -other :Bchoolmasters have ibeen so treated ? And if those who :afe dismissed.are few, the-rest :are not to be envied after two and .tweuty years of slavery, they find t-hemeelves, by no Jault of .their .own, .without a shilling in their pockets. The proposal toestablishaSuperannuation !Fund with the assistance of the Council is no •doubt A prudent suggestion, and one which, if carried-out as it-ought to 'be, would pre- •vent" the distress and misery which now threaten the old age of the public teacher. -One teacher, we .observe, was opposed to Buch a fund, on the ground that it savoured of.bondage, and was calculated to lower the .status of the schoolmaster -by subjecting liim to the taunts of the evil-minded. He .preferred.a.Bystem of bonuses—an idea which -was not encouraged by his fellow teachers, -and was not likely to be. With this exception, the recent meeting appeared, to be unanimous on the question. Should the Bcheme be entertained by the Council, it has the experience of the Civil Service Superannuation Fund to guide it, and therefore, it may easily avoid the difficulties which have attended the measure. But this is not all that requires -to be done. It is not enough to secure the tcachcrs from suffering in their days of helplessness. They should be provided with sufficient salaries at once. The present rate of remuneration appears to be inadequate. If men who devote the whole of their time to a business cannot contrive to save a shilling after spending half their lives over it, it is a business that doesn't pay! The Council should at least secure their servants such a rate of remuneration as •would suffice to place them above embarrassment i and if that were done, the teachers might, then be left to provide by their own economy for the time when they could work no longer.— . A COLONIAL MISEB^TA man 'known &B; George Ocock, 60: years of age, died a few days since at .Coghill'a Creek, under, somewhat, .peculiar circumstances, as we learn from the Ballarat Star~— M He had -been in the employ of Mr. Humbold, farmer, Mount Greenock, during the last few years, which place .he left about three weeks ago, and arrived at the Farmer's Hotel, Cogbill's Creek, on 27th ultimo. He brought with him a number of boxes, apparently lumber, which he deposited in a hut adjoining the hotel, •remarking to the landlady that he had his own bed, and would sleep -iu the .hut for a week or a fortnight, as he did not feel well. During-his stay at the hut deceased did not appear .to be .improving in health, and on one occasion, .as Br. -Laurie was passing, the landlady called him in, but ©cock -refused to see him. 'On constable Kennedy hearing of the case, he went to -see the man, and asked him if be was iu :iieed of public assistance, ©eceased replied that he did not want anything from any person, nor did he require a doctor, :as he had only got a cold, which would not last long. Deceased subsequently became wor-se, and died. The boxes referred to were taken charge of by constable Kennedy, and on searching them he found bank notes, -gold, and bank deposit receipts, amounting to £1,153 17s. lid, A number of new Indian silk handkerchiefs, a variety of tools,and other valuable articles, formed the subject of-aii inventory which took the constable-some time to prepare. Deceased was •unmarried,-anda native of Upton Hellions, :neariCrediton, Devon, England. BIPTISSI BY IMITEBBION".—GN Sunday afternoon, service was conducted at Mr. 3?erier's residence,-Commandant Hill, by Mr. Druery,—after which three 'females and five males were immersed in the river, it was. pretty generally known that the ordinance of baptism was to be administered in this manuer, and a great number-of spectators collected on the river bank, and in boats, to •witness the operation. Mr. Druery stood-in the water up to his waist, and as the subjects came forward to be baptized, they were immersed in the name of the " : Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost," and as they went up out of the water, the chorus, " Praise ye the Lord," was sung by Mr. Druery and mauy of those on the bank of the river. -This is the first occasion on which a service of this description has been performed on the Macleay. We have heard it mentioned that the Baptists intend erecting a place of worship at-Commandant Hill.— WAENnre TO CounthyTeajjees.—By way -of precaution (writesthe Yass Courier) it may be as well to state that there is -some clever •penman in the district who has the craft of ^altering the amount of cheques to something considerably in excess of .the design of the drawer, and so able a hand is he in this vocation that a cheque so altered by him had not ouly passed current through a bank in this town, but was accepted as genuine at the master bank in Sydney, until there -was a discovery by the drawer himself. It was at one time not an uncommon practice among the dishonest class in Loudon and other large cities to procure a cheque from some respectable person for £8, m change for gold and notes, and subsequently alter the word " eight" to eighty, and the figure 8 to 80, and thus transform the demand from £8 to £80. In the case referred to, the amount, was altered from £1 10s. to £4 10s., aud was, no doubt, taken in the hurry, of business both by the trader aud the bank. Although really no parties in this case are strictly blameable, it would be as well to act with caution before taking cheques, more espe-' cially from strangers. SOMETHING LIKE A. CAKE.—Mr. E. Miller of Collins street, who has been entrusted with the preparation of a wedding cake for the nuptials of Miss Manners Sutton, has just executed his commission in a manner which reflects some credit on his establishment. Such a cake, it may-safely be said, has never been 6een in ;the colony before and very .few London confectioners have produced anything better, even for the grandest occasions. Its dimensions are unusually large, the total height, including ;the ornamental frame on which it stands, being six feet, while the diameter at the 'base lis two feet, diminishing tier by itier as the structure, ascends. [There are six of these .tiers, each composed of a perfect cake, while :& seventh cake is .contained in .an ornamental dome, which, resting on satin covered pillars,forms the apex of the pyramid. Each layer or story is .elaborately decorated -with .wreaths -of bridal .flowers and other-ornaments, modelled in sugar and delicately colored, while on'the •first-stage:a.number-of cupids bear in their .hands garlands end festoons ofjeasamiue-and orange-blossoms. [Portraits of the bride and bridegroom elect, and of the parents of the bride, are set in the ieed work of the lower tier; and the next tier, which is embellished toy baskets of flowers, bears the crest of the bride's family. A magnificent bouquet, composed of -orange blossoms and other bridal flowers, which spring from a vase of Bugar work and droop downwards until they nearly touch the dome, completes what may with truth be called a triumph of the confectioner's art. Though extremely elegant, with an appearance of perfect Jightness and fragility, tUe-cake is substantial enough, which will be readily understood when it is mentioned that it turns the scale at 2 civt.—Melbourne Argus. THUNDERBOLT AGAUT.—Last Thursday week the down mail w*s stuck-up, at the BJufl'liock, about nine miles this side of Tenterfield. From the description of the robber, there is little doubt that it was Thunderbolt, who as usual was accompanied by his youthful associate. Possibly, since the capture of Inspector Brown's horses, he has been enjoying a spell, as tin's is the first occasion has -been heard of since that occurrence took place. On information reachiug the police, ihey endeavoured, with the aid of a black tracker, to run him down, but without avail.—Armidale Telegraph. A BIT OP HEE Muru.—" Facts arc stubborn things,'" said a lawyer to a female witness under cross- examination. " Yes, sir," said the witness., "and so are women ; aud if you get anything out of me, just let me kuojv it." You'll be committed for contempt," said the lawyer. " Very well," said the witness : " I shall suffer juBtly, for I feel the uttermost contempt for every lawyer l>rc6eut" Thnpire. ' v Mackay Herald. ? ? 