TILE ANGLICAN CiIUKCH.-DIOCESE OF SYDNEY. VISITATION v OF ?..THE CI.EHOY. TUB Visitation of tho clergy of tho Anslienn Church, ! within thc diocese of Sydney, 'tonk pince Inst week, I nt the Parochial Church of;St. Andrew, (adjoining to tho new Ciiilicdrul), mid1' wns vet y numerously j ittendcd Fifty-four clerks in Holy Orders, holding licenses from {lin Right lîuv. Dr. Darker ns their ordinary, answered to their names, when cited by tho ¡ lli:.hop's Registrar, to npyicnr, neem ding to the foi ninia piesciibcd by thc undent usage of tho Church of 1'iiglniid. Several clergymen, unable to ¡ attend, from illness or other urgent causes, sent letters or messages, in explanation nf their Involuntary absence. Thero wnsnlurgo congregation, composed [ of tho laity mid of clergymen from the adjacent diocese of Newcastle nod Goulburn. Morning prayer having been concluded, the Very Kev. Dean of ! Sydney, ascended tho pulpit, mid preached thc Visitation Sermon, taking fur Iiis text, tho 28th vcrsu of tho 20th chapter of the Acts ! "Take heed there- fore unto yourselves, and lo all tho (luck, over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed tho Church* of God, which hu hath purchased with bia own blond." Titi! HtsllOI''s cn,MI o c. Tho Dtsitni' then delivered lil* charge to his reverend brethren, explaining that he had arranged to hold this visitation, nt a time when he thought it would not bo inconvenient. Sinco tho previous visitation, thc diocese of Goulburn had bron formed, with most happy results, the cause of religion, education, anti tho interests of the Church, having received a grent impulse, by the appointment.ol' his right rev. brother the Bishop of Goulburn. The zeal mid energy of tito clergy had thereby been stimulated, rm il the orgnnisn tinn of the Church Society, rendered moro complete. Alter nu experience ol' thirteen yenrs lu the colony, hu could testify thnt when n gond woik commended itself tu the laity, neither the'men nor the means wcro wanting, to carry thu design to successful Issue. Provision wits now being made for endowing tho proposed tlinccso of Ilnthtirst, anti nlreiidy romo assistance towards the fund, lind been received front the Western dish ¡ct-. Tho amount at present subscribed, wa« upwards of £7000, which, however, must bo largely increased, beforu nu appointment could be minie. The diocese of Sydney would then he brought more within nmiuigcublu limits, nntl portions ol' the colony, it was now possible only rarely to be renehed hy tho Ili-hop, would enjoy tho visite of thu chief pa-tor. They had to lament thc sudden removal nf thu Bishop of Mrnftnn, ami to trust that there would ho raised up n faithful successor to him «hom God had taken nway. Our own body lind lost two senior clergy -the Rev, T. ll:i*snU mid thc Kev. II. H. Styles-who, nlthniigh differing in their ministerial character, gnvc themselves tn their Mnster's wink, lind hy their zeal mid devotcihiusn, won the best of reputations, that they wero largely esteemed for their woik's siko. Other changes had taken pince. Finir ol our clergy had returned to Unglnnd, and though prepared for some of theso removals, they were not thc less to bo regretted. Tba Hov. H. Synge (foitticily bishop's chaplain) was now labouring' among a large population in the North of Mnglnnd. The Kev, W. Hodgson, lute I'liuclpal of Monro College, lind nlsa returned, after n twclvo years' residence ¡lithe colony, haling dining that time, by vnliiohle labours,' contributed largely to tho body nf tho clergy. Sixteen clergymen, * trained under lils guidance, were now Inborn ¡og w ith ticoopt nucc itt thl< colony, and twenty-live lu other pat tn of Australia. The midi ess presented to him nu his depar- ture, linly represented the feelings mid opinions of those who'hnd au opportunity of foi ming a judgment nf him, and ct.neiMtiing hf« work. While regret wns felt on ai count nf his departure, there was ground for thankfulness, thnt his pince lind been supplied by tho Kev. ll. L, ICing. Thero wcro nt present ton students in I lie college, of whom six were for ibo dineeso of Sydney. Tho third »esslon of tho Synod wns now nlioiu to bo opened, mid he might say ho was quito satisfied with it« constitution nutt motin of operation, feeling assured : that thc Chinch did right, in obtaining thc sanction I of tho legislature, tu thc method thuy had adopted of managing their ow'u affairs. As to tho chnrncter j und position of ministers, ns mcmhem of Christ's Church mid clergy of tho United Church of Knglnnil mid Ireland, tho rev. prelnto obnorvud that at picscnt I there were two riinl thom lens exhibiting such 1 a wide (ind Irreconcilable 'difluro.ice, flint lt wu» inipossiblo for ii person to ninlnluln thom both I ns truo, or to hnrmontso them. Thoso who held thc first sought to restore tho Church to its position boforo tho Reformation, and tho supptirtcrn of thu I second desired to curry out tho views anti intention of. tho llcfonncra. Tho Bishop of Loudon wns quoted lin rofurencii to tho first, mid tho Bishop of Cnrllsla I inn! others on tho second theory, with explnnntoiy comments, it being considered necessary to deni with tills point (cont inned his lordship) us tho questions agitating the Church nt homo turned chiefly on tho character and pnsition of tho jr rusby tory, who by tho I provitleneo .nut! appointment nf (ind hail been sot npnrt nnd nuthorlsed to preach thu Gospel. Thero seemed no higher mid holler olllce than this. About I tho time of the nppeiiranco of No. 00 of tho "Tracts for the Times " there wits nu endeavour to tnko tho Church buck lo Home, and during tho last few yearn tito attempt lins been retiowod, nml wns now carried on willi sttuli perslstettoy mid boldness ns tn bo done I in dclluucc nf tho ndmnnitinn nf bishops mid the do ! clslous nf tho Houses of Cotivocntion, nntl apparently ; only to ho restrained hy tho Inturforotico ot tho law. This matter was noticed elilelly for tho snko of obser- ving thnt it wns our duty to koop within tho limits nf thnt ttsngo willoh the general practico nf thu Church of Knglnnil hnd sanctioned far tim lust tbreo hundred j years, cschtuiug the ute nf miment», incense, anil other tl - thingt not BO sanctioned, and tueh a constnution and décoration of the communion table a» would convert it into an altar-a term not known in the formularies af tho Church of England. Tho rev. pralineuxhnrtvil hit brethren to givu no countenance to theso things, nnd enid ho was determined to uphold thnt grave nnd decent order With which tho services nf tho Church A vero cunductodvjn this diocese. Their position was that orrahiistcrs of tho Reformed Protestant Church, and In ensoof doubt or dlfllcrulty they were hound to fall book upon tho vtowB nfrtho Martyr Confessors of the Reformation,'to HvharnNthoy owed a far rleepor feeling of rovorenco than was duo to any guides the Church had had slnco tho.iluys of tho Apostles. Tho Book of Common Prayor\was tho Manual of Public Worship, and ibero waa no authority to alter or depart from it, Much scondnl had avisen to tho prejudice of the colonial Church in regard to tho conduct of tho Bishop of Natal, and tho failure of the proceedings , . taken against him ; but tho publication of his heresies in England would probably enable tho authorities to deal more decisively with his case. It wm to bo hoped that lie would bu brought to trial for lils heretical teachings, that ,'thtis v«o groat n scandal might be re- moved. Ifitho Bishops of .Convocation hud no legal authority to deal willi him, he might bo culled upon to re sign by thoso to whose opinions nnd decisions bc was bound to defor; butunlessvmoral suasion was accomp- anied by lognlforcc, tho must convincing nrgumentsw-ero likely to bo found of little avail. The authority for deposing him rested with thc Crown ns supremo ruler of all estates and degrees, whether ecclesiastical or temporal. A .prayer for unity was greatly required. Tho brethren ought not to bo unmindful that they were members of the United Church of Untiland and Ireland, land'-should remember tho Irish portion in their pra/ors, for evil times had como upon lier. She was in danger of^bclhg snerlll'od to gratify porsonul and political umbi'.iun. The Roman Catholic peoplo nf Ireland hud no just cause of complaint against tho Irish Church. Roman Catholics did not found ur maintain it : and while tho proposed disendowinent wns unconstitutional nnd dishonest, it was also n mistake. It wns n useless surrender of n Scriptural institution, with a vague hnpo nf propitiating nn implacable foe. It was making thnt possible which without such nid could never he accomplished. Did the Church nf Rome ever accept articles of peace hut those which gave her entire supremacy of mind, soul, and body P That which was granted was always made tho basis ol fresh demands, No doubt, the Church In Ireland hud much7 ip answer for. It wns not exempt from tltot ulmost absolute decay, which characterised religion, at thc close of the hist and thc beginning of tho present century, when it was but too commonly regarded as a politic.nl engine. It did not bear tho clear full testimony of thc truth of Oed, mid the Iniquities of earlier dtiys, might now ho receiving n just recompense and reward. But of late years the Iri'h Church had contained men distinguished for an ability, zeal, und self-denial, not surpassed in nny Church lu the wm ld, and remarkably free from those errors nt present invading the Church of England. Tho Irish Church might he undergoing n purifying process. Endowments went not necessary ; mid while soino aunmulies were removed, mid the spirituality nnd devotediiBss of the clergy extended, we might, from tho signs, of the times, derive the consideration that the prophetic) word was In course of fulfilment, ?ind that tho beginning nf tho end was drawing nigh. Turning to mutters moro immediately affecting the ministerial character, ho reminded his brctlitcm of their duties ns to tho saving of souls, quoting tho words of Archbishop Leighton, who, when requested to preach for the times, said, "Suffer one poor brother to preach for eternity." II« exhorted them tn preach Christ crucliied, tn have confidence that Ood would old thuin with guidance und-grace, and told them tu bear in mind tba', they « ure mon of one book -The Book-the Bible. Tho rev. prelate concluded with soute remarks upon the special duties of their calling. The proceedings wero . brought to a close by the Bishop pronouncing thc benediction. 