Ml'RRUM BURR \ II. fpu'im ik' it 0, 1 it i: k- t-o n ii e nt 1 November 12 — Tim Cl-I"-ki-:t Ut.rtt Hai.t,. — T srn by ymir lust ismio that the accuracy of my e mi i n 1 1 1 ii 1 1 i . > i in reference to "tir Incut cricket cbib bus nut. been fully endorsed. umiI th it tlm bun secretary has come forward and neco-eil ma of untruthfulness. I regret. vary muali (bat any communication of mina should ba hi regarded. us I c ir.lina myself simply In stating facts. niul iln not. commit tham to papar until I am pretty sura ibat 111 v ara a.irraa.'. I think ovary eorros- pnmlant sbnul'l pursue Ibis course, as much in jusiian to thn pap"r ba writas fur as the keeping up bis own character for truth anil hono-ty. Tha editor must, place confidence in his niirraspuii'lants while lie retains them, and it, is also most nacas- , sary that, bis readers should share that confidence. In this instance the secretary of ilia nlvive cfnls takes offence at. mv -tilting that, the deci-inn iff the meeting did not seem to ma ii> have yivnn t/rnerul satisfaction. In mv latter I laid no particular stress upon those words, nor did I and-'avnur to bring tham under prominent notice, and it would have been as well had no notice linen taken of them. Hot the s"e.tetary appears to d 'tact. snnie hid ten tneaniny in thein. and at n nee steps into the lists, and (lmri-hcs before mv avas tha result of tho votiny on the occasinn : thinkiny this, no doubt, overwhelming proof in favnttr of his view of the matter, and condemnation nf mine. IT >w- ever. the secretary is mistaken, nil I he thus ilraws attention to a matter t.h it would have passed notice. lint for Itiin. nod it, would have li-en mere trailitable to the body lie represents hail he per mitted I In whole affiir to lapse in'n fnrgctfulness In my letter I avnidetl ail personality, and only mentioned Mr Murphy's name heeuuse it. heeame public hy the (bmisinn of tho. meatiny and hpeanse was aware that, an advertisement emhnlviny that, decision would appear in the Courier. The ballot stood thus: Mr M.. 12: Mr I) . 5 : Mr I'i . I. I think this shows a total 'of nine votes ayainst Mr M.'s 12. So much for unanimity. Mv com munication was de-patched on the day after the meeting and these fi yores alone show the possibility nf what I then wrote lieir.y correct j An analysis (ff the votes would still further prove this. Even ill. the present time I e. mi l name persons whn. althnuyh they in'euil to he present at. the hall, would have preferred its taking place in the sp adieus moms of the Commercial llo el instead ol a fl tor mill, for a long lime and at present in full working order. It was to this point nlone. and not to the proprietors of the respective hotels, that. I rnfet f"d — to t.lie general public rather than the members nf the club —lint, even with regard to the bitter my remarks stand good, wbeo I said that t lie decision did tint, seem to give general sat'sftc- t.io i. If the secretary is not. sati-li-d with Ibis explnnali m and wishes it. I nan sta'e fac fur fact. ivit.lt liirn -from the beginning to the end of the proceeding, and leave it to the public to say which is right. Tite matter was really not, worth notice, from the first, and I am sorry the .secretary lias compelled me to further refer tn it. Pi:ai. of Bells pun St. Clement's Oiii-ecit. — On Thursday evening a mooting was held in St. Clements' scbooboost. for the purpose of taking into consideration jlte best means of procuring a pnal of hells for tit" church. The Rev. P. A. C. fj'llingstnn look 'he chair, and npette I the meeting with prayer. The nl-j -et of the meeting having I li-"'o stated 1 1 v the I'"'.'. cliabunaii a conversational I discussion co-tied, lit" result ol which was that it j decided to color hy fir.-t out-going Ivigii.-h mail. ; a tieal of live bells nf t.h" Itillo ving description ; — j First. 2tl inches, key F. weighing .1 cwt.. ,'i t|rs.t ! second. 2S inches. Id .-harp.-l cwt. I (. . third 21) | incites. I) 5 cwt. 2 rp'S ; forth. 21 ioch-s C. Ii cwt. I qr. : firlh .'III inehos.ll sharp, (i cwt. II qrs. To'al ! weidit 20 cwt. 2 qrs. The order will include wheels | the cost at the foundry will lie 2 i 7 it' was ctiV- cubi'eil that th sum fi'ij lifed to pay freight, in surance cost of erection &e; , would he ah nit 3 )0/ It was re.-olvod to borrow the amount reiptired, and the opinion was unanimously entertained that mi difficulty would lie found in raising hv sit'i- seription tt|e anioiint necessary. 0 i the sttiru's- t.ion of Mr. T. (lolls a subscripti.irt list, was at onco opened, and most of those present placed their names on the sheet fur different, amounts. Mr Gilder stated that lie. had procured the assent of a number nf Indies and gentlemnn willing to take part in an amateur c ulcere tn aid the object nf tlu- meeting, and thai tlio entertainment would until" till' in January next. In reply tn the rev. chairman, Mr Shipway. the manager of the recently formed choral society, stated that t/ie matter had not yet been brought before the. member.--, hue he had no doubt the society would also have pleasure in giving a concert in aid of the fund. Alter a vote, nf thanks to thn chairman, the meeting was closed with the benediction. Ft tin lliutiAPn. — An adjourned meeting was held at Mr Guile's, (lomooo cial lintel, un Tuesday even ing. There was a numerous attendance, hut the business transacted wtis nf tin importance. Mr Mackintosh was voted to the chair. The lion, sec retary read the minutes nf the last tneetting. which were confirmed. Fresh names were added to the list nf thu-e w'tti had already joined the brigade, tn iking the roll twenty-three. Letters hud been addressed to the agents of the various insurance companies having risks in Ya-s. hut answers from j all had not yet been received. Mr L -vi did not sen tlie necessity for a lire-engine in this town; ail the brigade reipiircd was lengths of ladders, a few buckets, hunks, and totn-ihawks. It was mentioned that. Mr liown, of Sydney, in reply to a oninmu- nieation tn him. stated that he tnnl '.wo lire eu- gines in stnttk. one nf which would cost 110/, the other 170/. A discussion ensued, and it ap peared tn lie lite unanimous opinion of those pre sent that if aa engine was to he procured, the less expensive one would answer all purposes nf local requirements Nothing, however, was decided on. The meeting adjourned till thai night week to allow time lor the receipt of replies tu letters fur- warded to the insurance agents. Tut-: Lath Accident at ( tivnAO a r. — Tito little child of .Mr Crowe's. hnti-ik- i-,.cr at (iundagtti. who met witli the accident hy .tie explosion nl a lemonade b it.tlo, arid who has been under thn sttr- gieal cire of Dr O Gunrtor at Yass. is progressing favourably, and cy ry cxto'Cation is entertained (hat the sight of the injured eye will he preserved. Monthly L'ckn-inu Mkkit.vu -Oii Tun-day I:\st ,M -ssrs. lioiko. l.'alvert. and O'Connor sat in I'o'tv S -ssi ins for thn purpose nf disposing nf up. p ioaiinns for trnnsf-rs and new licenses. Tue < i ' 1 1 y application was that, nf It .hert Dnwling lor premi-es. lit- tr.vn property, site ite at I) dmn. and to he known hy the sign of "the Wonder nf the World." Mr M i kinsnn appe ired to support the application. The senior cnn-tithle present ( It. S nith) stated in reply tn the bench that lie was tint nwire that there were any police objections to the boose or tlie applicant. Tin; Cl--rk nf Petty Sessions in- lortncd tbi'ir worships that Mr siih-insm-otiii- llrennan had stated to him that ho had mi objection to oiler to the application. V-o'v sa'isfac'ot y certificates as to the eh iruuter of Mr D iwli-.g. anil tlie prs'tii'-es proposed to lie lic-'nsed were rea I by Mr Width. voo. alter which the court unan imously granted the required e'er ideate. ( lAttttt At; K I.tetcNsiNTi -On Wednesday last Mr Wilkinson, on heltaif of Mr Sheek-v, appbe I for and obtained a license for an American four-bnrse coach intend"'! In pi v between Yass and the roil- way terminus. Their worships having i ispi-cte I the vehicle granted a licert-o for it. to c i- ty clove i passengers. Mr Slt-ekey has a'readv made experimental trips in it which proved very success- fu . Fit it -Gooseberries have not h»on so abundant in our gardens this! seas-oi as in previous year-, owin'g most probably to tho want, of rain at the proper tinv. Some cherries have been brought into town, hut for the same reason they are as yet far Irom being perfection. Thu best we have seen were grown in Mr Dulliour's garden noar Yass. Snake Bite. -On Wednesday evening a valu able vo-ing dog nf tlie setter speei"-', belonging to Mr llrennan. was bitten bv a snake near Mr l.aid- li'.v's re-i b-no". and die-! witbio 'twenty minutes. I lie dug bad been bred hy Mr Ma-'S"V. of (I uodaron, Aon hunts at G of t.tt " it n. - On Wcd-i-Rd-iv Thomas ll-i'h a navav emtibivod on (Ik- railway cutting at T"Wrang near G m'lmrn had his skull fractured and r"ivivod other wouo Is by th" or. pl.i-iiiti of an old blast c .osi.tiMo ,,f about |)ri> lbs. of powder which he was drilling not. ||n lies in a precarious coo lition. — Mr George Martyr, surveyor of G ot'hurn. th" saoi" day was returning on horseback with the eavalead" that, escorted the aishops into town and w'fn crnsjn-r the Fitz-ny Bridge his horse fell, pitching Mr Martyr no Ids head, which was very s"vpr»ly bruised. htiggy that was imme lia'el.v Jii'liiod then passed nv-r his left leg breaking it, between the kn"e and aoeln Mr Marlvr wis taken to his home, wltieh is el. we by: and Dr. Ilavley. wbo was in the prm-os-dnn. at. nne." reduced the frteture. Mr Martyr i.s now progressing favourably. Small ' Dmirs Gotie.r. — Tu pursinnen nT ad journment. the court was hpl I on Wednesday last before Me-srs. Gampbod and Bloke. with a list nf seven eases, some of which, however, had h -en settled. Charles Pearc" v. John Gardiner. Th" plaintiff claimed I/. 10s. 3d., for lire-toll of eootract. I he defendant, had undertaken tn build for the Government, a detached kitchen at. the rear of thn telegraph nlli -e. and had made a sab. con tract with plaintiff to rnnr it. in with shingles, d-ffond int fimling all the ma-eria's. It "wis alleged by pl.iintilf that tbrougb the negligenn" "f d-fendant. in not. finding ma- erials. b" (plaintiff) bad been kept idle but it. was elicited that til-hough on certain occa-ions ho e mid not proceed w'th the work, he was engaged in jobs for other persons. There was also so-ne d'spoto ns to tlie wail plates and lite measurement of the work. ' Mr John Gulls, the h tlb|er and Mr John 9"an. thn stonemason, were e-iMeil bv the pi tio'ilf The defendant in evidence fl i'lv eootr idiete I the plaintiff's easo, which was on" of on interest cut of the I'-ade. Wdm- fir plabuilf 3/. f,s.. wbh ensts. - Rohertsan u Devlin. This was an ae'ion for trespass, and the damages eJabtted were It)/, Mr Allmao appeared fur pbiitriiT. and Mr Wilkio- S'l'i for defend int.. Mr Wilkinson npp'iod for a pos'riooemetit. as wlt«n the defendant was served with 'he summons, he was travelling with sheep to Wagga Wagga The learned advocate having explained that, it was imp.wslh'n for his client to lie present, tha1; day, Mr Adman would not resist the application hut would require the costs of th" day lor plaintiff and his witnesses. It was uUioiatelv arranged that lite case .should stand over till tho next silting nl the cmrt. 2nd December, tlie costs of t.he day to ho costs in the a'tinn — Ij,l ward flrdige v John Douglas for meat supp'tod. 17s Id. The hill of particulars was handed to plain-ill' who was tol l to rea l not the iteats. He said lie ootid not. re i.l that writing, hut be eon Id tlie original entries in Ids book, as they were in bis own hand writing, on which Dr. G. unpbell said tliat that, would not help the matter, as it might lie that, the bench would lie unable to read | ilui n t i Ifs handwriting. A verdic, h iw-ver. was given for plaintilf for the amount sue I for. — Tit imas Simps,,,, „ David Murdoch. The plaintiff sued dufomlaot. for the sum of !|j. lid., for rent doe and for goods sold and d-livered. The plea was not. in lebted Defendant, bad mote l a. eot'a -e front pbain'ifi' at tbree sl'ii, lings a week, and the evidence went, to— how that there was one week's rent doe. 1 The bill u' particulars inebid "1 a load of woo I. a'so but ! iw. fc .supplied I'm o, nlaiii'ilV's shop. I'I -.infill' before lie went to N' inai had d-awo in the \V"il. hp' not at the request, of d-'fea-laot. wbo had tnir, in id" it-'e of any of it, Defendant. 1 1 1 1 o i , I owing for provisions as he had alvivs paid for them with ci-li. Ycr lie for niiin'il)' 3i. wi'h e i-i-. -Jeffs ii Jeokbis f)a the atipiie t'ioa of \| r W dkio--oo. tit" liear-ng nf this pen was ile- rtirre 1 rill p.-x' -i t lings. — ( i rovenor p fv:og. Toe plaiotill' sued, -as ag"o' for Mrs \li,| llctoo. for rent of a cottage amnnatbtg to it/ 7' I>..r..,,.t ..., \- iotl-0'ieu neyno-i o-ie shttlmg, whi -lt he had pai l i itoeiort ' !|p Mb'kiasoo appeared for defendant. I'iuiolilT |irnloc-d liiil of |,ar- tienlars. wi'h the credits hy m-in»v p ii l oil ae- eouat; he ha I only receiv-.l U. -Is and 2/ Do being questioned hv Mr Wilkinson, plaintiff said be did not prodnee bis rent limit. Imt had it nr. ji'imo. It was alleged nil the p irt ol de'emlaot that, iurthet' moneys hail been paid and that the entries were in til-' handwriting nf plaintilf in d 'fendant's honk. The further hearing was ad journed till tlie next sittings, Tt.e court then broke up. Sr t: o no S'rottM — On Wednesday the weather was very oppressive, an I not a ebjit-l to he se-'n throughout, 'lie whole day until eight o'clock in the evening when two or three dark ones were visible on lit" western Itoriz on. The most. pr<> fuiim II . weatli'Twise progo .-tiered that, ivn were on the eve of a storm, am I hoi r prophecies wore fulfilled in the course of a very few hoars. |!y eleven o'y.i .ek ir became pitch v da-k and between twelve and one o el'iek the wind got mi in the west anil lib'w in terrific gin's for nearly an liatir. The lightning fl tsited awfully grandly and the thunder rolled and crashed alternately while thn rain fell in a perfect tropical shower. It, continued tn rain at short intervals dmbig the night. Imt although there were now and tigiio high gusts of wind. Ilorets netrly expended his viol-mee a' tit" e. imaieneement of the -till-in. Thi-onghoot thn whole of yesterl.iy there was more or less rain, and those farmers who have anything like a forward crop are in great g'o". W'e may mention that, throughout th" whole of Wednesday afternoon the we-ti'rn hur'z oi was illuminated with the eleetrig (1 :i j. There will he a new moon on Sititrday (to v| a'- 11.3 a til. W odncsday evening the weather began to cb'.nr up. and during the tiighi n severe frost, set in ; and this morning iee was to |,o found in maov hu-'kers, it:., a quarter of an inch thick. Tlie weather ap pears to have taken up agiio, and this furennim t lie su rt sin me forth as li.-jili-inrly as ever. Pi so iTuittAL. — A line cod - tiefeli. weighing eight I (Hinds was caught liy Mick tlie. I, ar leaer do rn tlie \ ass Itiver. It is not, often that, fish of such a heavy weight are caught, in that stream. i III-: Ii I - 1 1 o I1 s n.' SviiNt-ty AVI) M l-:i.ltnt-|n|.; arrival at G-oiiborn on Wedoes-bt y on a vi- it to tlie I Ii -Imp nf Gni'linrn. Their lord-hips were escorted into town hv a cavalcade of ebi'/.-mu. Monsthu llint-t - -Some time since Mr I Inward, of the (iold'oi Li int. ( looma.. street, pttrcha-ed an extremely large hide which had been s: ripped from a liuliiiek slaughtered hy Messrs. Andrews an I Fitzgerald, the bucbers. 'It lias been laminl at Mr lluwird's vnrd nod d-livered a few days one" -it his hoot-rivet n - m irnifne'ory. Its weight, is v. rv nearly (ill lbs. The usual weight of tanned hi-b's in ibis di-trict is aliour 3ti lbs. Fatal Acciiiknt in run W'aci; \ Wauiia Dts- tt.'ter. -A genttemiri who has just come in fro-n the hack country between 'he M it rritoiliidgne and the L'tclilan, reports a terrible accident, on Mr If. II Gl:trenc"'.s run, by 'which one man l-'St his li'e tittd iinntlier was dangerously ii jured 'I'ltn-e tnett were employed by Mr L'l tl'-'ttc.' to open a spring abotr fifteen miles from tlieliead station, for which purpose it. Was necessary to Mast a rook. A elt-nge bad been put, in out, bad missed lire, and lie men were in tlie act of drawing it when an explosion took place. 'Ilie unfurl imam man who is sine" d" id was sitting no the ro -k at the time, and was torn almo-t into pieces. One leg ami arm were lib). vti nil, and his e-- trals wo re blown nut. hut Strang" tn say. It" lived lop snote hours, pi rfretlv -1'ii-iMe tn the last. I he seenm! in in was nl-., much .-hatlerril. bttf, is expected tn recover. Toe third man who was cionpaiMiively uiiiiqar' d. started olF immediately to the head -ta ion. a hi,-, t.ince nf fifteen utiles ami iep.,|-|i-d lit" accident A s.-c.tg-T was directly sent oil' tn X .ramlei-a. I in; miles away, fir oie-lic ,1 a-si-tance and in fifty eigat It -it s I ) , fi'di'ipe wa- un the sp it m at (m l to the s 1 1 II e rers. <mc "I whom however was alreinlv past his a it e. It is so.ncwha' singular that tlie -aiii- mail whose name, we h. li-ve. w a- | Aer, was si'i'i'iti-ly injured mice before in much the same manner on the same run.— -tt'ayga Wanna ii vert 1 5 c ft A Skiikuis OiiAttnr:. — A very sprintis charge has hoen preferred against William.. M llvenp. tho publican, nf Nun-lie. It w.iu'd appear that nn the afternoon ol the 27th of October, some dis pute arose in the kitchen hehveen M llveen nod a man named Taylor, who was at the time under tlie influence ' nf drink, and that Tavlnr wiia knock" 1 into the live, and left there until ho wag so seriously liurtn'd as to endanger hits iifo. 'I I veen w'as arre-tel on warrant, and appeared li-foe Mr 0. II. Oollntt nil the '2nd instant, who 1 1 . , r 1. 1 y heard the case, mid remanded the prisoner fun bail) till vestenlav. for the presence of the Ibd ' oe Magistrate.— Tmnworth Examiner. K I t.Lt'.i) l! v Lto or n t no. — A llrisbano paper states man. named Thomas If ird-. was killed hv lightning nn Lriday afternoon. It appears that the deceased was in tee employ nf Messrs. William and Peter Darker, whn own several punts on the river, and that, yesterday lite three named were at work on a punt, anchored in tlie river near Rrenk- fast, Greek. At. about half-past four o'clock tlie lightning was very vivid, and Bird, who was at tho pump, was rccnmmi'tnli'd by his companions to desi.-r.. lie dul not. do so. however, and. almost immediately afer, a more than usually vivid flush came. It, must, have struck the three, for the two Barkers snv that they were felled to thn ground in sensible. When they ennto tn their senses, they missed Bird, and saw his hat fl intiiig on the water. 0 m of them immediately dived for him. hut it was .some time lief. re the lindy was discovered. Lifts was then totally cx'inel. and the corpse was quite black. The clot lies were torn in several places, and tlie hat was also rent. Tlie deceased was twenty-three years of ago, and leaves a wilo and child. Tilt! Actijrss and iii'r Oe.tTio.— Mr James IT. La liny, e i iiioliaii. appeared at, the Melbourne Gonrt on the bill to slmw cause why ho should not III! h mud liver to keep the peace towards Dr. J. R. Neilil who is mill to he the theatrical critic lor tlie A mtrahisian Mr l-Mwards was retained on liehalt ol t lie il ic'iir and Mr I'tvey fir the actor, r Gilbert l iherts. manager of the Duke of Ldipliurgh Theatre, gave evidence to the pft'eut that mi Saturday last, tlie 3|st Ocolier. Mr Le liny, while in conversation with hi in . mentioned that Dr. Xeiid had writ lea disparagingly of his ( Li Boy's) wife, better known as Madame Duret. in tho eattnify edition of tlie Australasian nf tite 10th t btfiihet'. and that, if the laws pf this country ( Lo Boy is an A rican) would not render Itiin redress for the insult, he would taKu tile law into (lis own hands and (l.ra-h tite writer so that he won Id lto unable to write lor a month or six months; adding 1 lull his only fear was. t h it no aeoount of the dis proportion liet ween I heir sizes, lie would step his writing lor ever. L- Buy was very excited, and Mr lioln'rts, as a friend of Dr. Willi's, reported tlie threat, to him. in order that lie mbdit he on his gtitrd. Mr II. B. Ii itrwomj. manager of tho Thfiirrn Royal. w:h ilit'n put in the b »x. iiml usUed by Mr K IwunN whiuhnr bi U iy Ini-i tnlil him that hp \v <uM thrash Or. NpiM. Mr llarwond replied " NT »." and was then mi nmarily di«mUsed (rum tho wit ni'ss- b.tx bv .Mr I'Mwards. who naid that, after mi ;!» an an>w»r it was no u>i> to examine him | (unhor. an ha 1 alroa fy stilted in iinother pluoo j that- Iio liatj hf.ii'd ( 1 1 » t li rti:i C. Mr ilarwood wisiu;d to oxtdaiti. ami oHarial too into the liox for that pu p hot was not a-low-d by Mr ,h.Mwurd.H. Mr I'.ivt'V. (or tin1. d'-lioKji'. sai,l diat. the excciitiori ot 1 1 1 » threat hiiil «oi!y b»'oa m«'iiti oird as a rcmoto ! o-»ot iriioioy. in ca»a of thf law not oiyin ri'dri-'ss. | I'm- i.uiiuh Mti.l th.it tho rioiirr tho aravat iuti ! which pfuVtikc'l the tloiMt. ilm more reason was timrt! th at, the hiw shouhl th; the hands of iho thro ifcncr. as he was tin? mora liko:y to carr his menaces into cx-H.Mjt.ion bn Hoy was hound over to kib-ii tho po.ico for fix in oiths. in two bureucs ! of Ot)/. each. - M>: /nxmui Herald | KxnXitprA. M idamn Anna Ui-ljop returned to i Sy limy on I'ri'iiy ni-ilit in the Lady Young, ; steimcr after a highly succsful prnfessional tour j t<» I ir i - ;i ri and To-wool). — A eorre-pondent of the j Mat lit .1 rvan br Mail writes to that, journal 10 j s iy tact, lo- 1 hi. i iMoliroi t he m ah- mtiiit.s ol ihu cSaim- I aor for ilm Todi h.iu nu> li trooctcv —as far as puh- ij-lm I - i- id if t, i hi<i cx M»ricmj.»-i in Lipp-. Land. -OnSipuliy cviMiioG; an aocid-oit. altcmJc.J un- f"rt o oa'.cl y wiih latal ooas.HjUi' iiaH. oc'trurrcd in fo-ii strfot. Svdmy. A little hoy named Thomas John Hides a;:«Mi a)> mil thrci; years, had been acros.s tho n'ro-'t. to puichao a pi'nnvworth of IoIIhm iir-d was in thn m-t of roiTos-in when ho \- was knocked down and run over hy an ornnibuH, driven l»y John Howard. The little lellow was dreadfully injured. His .skull was fracturiM in one or two places. From Adelaide papers wo harn that, .-liver orch is hoen discovered tu Frank lin Harbour, in Yorkc IVninsula. Uuiiko tliufc obtained at the Ahinnda Mine t he assay litis shown tint, the ur.e e uoaios yold. the stone yielding at tin; rate of 9 itz Id dwt-, 12 rs. of silver, and ihree P"tioy weights of old r.o the ton. —A tvle- orjiu: Iro n Oratton states : The announcement of j .Mr R dnuMson's visit to ihe Clarence has given j great, sat i.-f.iirti-in ; h<; will he rettirmu unopposed. | — Mr J isefJisoo. thn muv Solicitoi-(1 ;neral. and represiuitjitivo of ih»» ,lir>iil wood district, was tx- p 'ctod to iirrive in Uraidwood on WednesiJay or Ihursday lust. -An infpmsr. was h"dJ at Mr D, Ha.'iss, Horn Hotel, touching r|)0 of Kliza- hrth Kelso. Aft.cr evidt- nce was taken the jury ftrurjil a verdict of died from disease of the hearC. Mr Sutherlaiid has been re-elected lor Hadding ton unoppu-md. — 'I he ease a»amst tlie Frecmans \ Journal has been stru d; out of the November paper —the Paxtora' Times has received what it supposes to he notice of ae in i in re Mr Thomas Robertson, solicitor, for slander. Toe air alnnit Ihtoiiifjuin i- alive with grasshoppers, they arc an thick a" Il ike- of smi w in a snow-storm, and if tln-y were white tlmy would he an excellent illus tration ot (Jin i-imas wcai l»er at houie»Two old men engaged in supplying Dtmiliquin wiih fish are of the united njro ol Hi7 years —they are both hale an I hearty - Mr Max li oil one of the principal storekeepers of Deniliquin. has failed to meet his liahiln ies a-nouotin in the gross to ahout lOUOO/. His losses for the la-tt tiiree years have been heavy, and ho proposes to make an assignment for the t'oneli;. of his creditors.— Oupt. iirown. P.M. at Hay. states that t..ie report of his removal tu h.uhe.s i not correct. — I'he rate of shearing at Upper Darling ued to he 2os per hundred: this M-a-ou it fell to 1 7' lid. — It is stated that tlie juice j of lIio fern-tree stalk is a perfect antidote to tho hi e of the bulldog ant. — At Lhe Denihrpiin Po.ico louirt. on the (:ih inst , s-u t- inspector Urcagh cliarged senior-sergeant Devouald with neglect of duty. It, Wits a ea-t; um|-r ihc Police Regulation Act of ISlii. in which DevimahJ, being a scnior- sergiuint id pmiae. ai owed a (oisooer tn nMiupn Irom hi> custody, at (Jiaxtuu's II.. tel. on the Wagga Wagga rua-l. on the 1 fin Ociuher last. Tnc bench after h'-aiing the evidence found ilie defendint guilty, ami lined hint 1 Us. or in default seven days' imprisonment. - Mr Siioiuel arrived in Wellington on Sinnl »y. The n unimitioo tu«dc place at nnou on the f-ilht wing day. Mr Samuel was propoM'd hy Mr h iMiMTii ami see nnffd hy Mr Ftirwnud, Mr R i I tiids wort ii was imposed by Mr Moor, and .-co 'mbd by Mr Myleciiar.ine. 'J'lie.re was a a'ge numlier peesenr.. The show nf hands was in f . v«iti r of .Mr Samuel, only live hein/ htdd up for i 'l's opponent. .Mr Samuel was well received. Ho aildrf>>iMl lie uitM-ting ut some length, and stated the Assembly having given llnur verdict against duties on tea and sngu, he would not again ptnpu.-e iheni; ami should fre.-h taxation lie iwce-sory. it, wnuhl he so framed as to givo Irceihuu t.«i the tradt; and commerce of the C"Untry. It. was s'ated tiiat. Mr Mar<in had given loiters of imrodu,;' ion to Mr Hohlsivortli. A Melbourne tiiegi om say-t : — (tiilnare. who fell on Saturday, am Ii mivo dee also fatally injured are d-ad. - A n v«d ix;iort wit| leavo llotiart, Town for New 7i Mil.thd hy the Ihdm Mary, namely " 1 l.OOU fiogs o- warded f i om up i c unit ry. to he audi mat incd in lhe neighbouring eohmv. where, it a»»";irs they are wanted, tlmr! lieing neitlter frogs nor toads in the count ry - No active steps appear to !m\ e been Intern in .Melbourne as yri to abate the uui-uriCQ caused by shopkeepers exposing their g n.ds nut- side their establishments, ami Lhus offering ft I strong temptation to roguory. A bootmaker named Oddv ohnrged a man named Spencer with stealing 8 pair nf bants from his shop door. The chargo wns fully proved, and tho prisoner Raul that, wanting hoots very badly, ho cnnld not resist the temptation to take a pair, as it seemed so easily done. The bench sent him tn prison for one month instead of three, as they would have done in an ordinary case.— A fracas occurred on Tuesday in Hunter-street. Newcastle, between Id. Masted, connected with tho Pilot newspaper, and A. Barrels, of the Chronicle. An notion for libel «-as brought bv the latter against tha Maxtnls. father and son. in which they were cast for damage-. — Whilst a number of trucks laden with wool were being chanted on to tho si. line at the Nnwtown railway ctntinn. nn Tuesday evening, nno of them ran fool pf tint "point." and was thrown off the rails. By the prompt action or the station-master and those in cargo nf tho train, a collision between thn tracks on the lino and tho nno which had ron olf the rails was prevented.— Tho detachments of the 60th Regiment and Royal Artillery at prn-eot etatinned at Sydney, were assembled nn parade, in th" Domain, on Tuesday morning, to witness tho presentation of a good conduct medal to James Me«nn drill sergeant and musketry instructor to the 51th.— As showing the extent "I patronage awarded tn one of the. refre- hment booths in the agricultural show yards at Ballarat. it may h» mentioned that 7150 nohhlers wern dispensed in that of Mr Dodds. nf tho Buck's Bend lintel -a very good day's business —On Thursday night., lining 5th of November, the Orangemen of thn Kiama district assembled at th-ir usual place nf meeting. Mr John Gray's residence, tn celebrate the evont. During the night Mr Gray had occa sion tn walk round tho houso. and while doing so a shot was fired close by.— At the Wagga Wagga Polico Court. William Barrett was charged with Stealing a dog. the property of Peter J. McAlister. and being found guilty was sentenced to three months' in Wagga Wagga gaol. Bitten nv a Death Adder. — A local journal states that a courageous little fellow, aged ten. whn was employed herding sheep at a station near Gronfell. was lately bitten on tho middle finger of the right hand hv a death adder. Ho sucked the wmin '7. but. finding himself getting ill from the effects nf tho bito, ho tied a ligature nhovo tho joint and hastenedtn his mother, who lived two and o half miles from the scene nf tho disaster. On arriving at the hut. ho requested his tnothor tn chop off tho portion of tho finger below tho litra'uro; hut her maternal instinct would not allow of her acceding to the hoy's request: ^'here upon ho. with tho assistance at hand, performed the operation himself by means nf a razor and a tomahawk. His mother then dressed the stump, r.nd administered brandy and salt both internally and externally, and thn lad .is perfectly cured. WesleyaNism at Gouliiukx — On Sunday the annual sermons in connection with the missionary society wore preached in thn Goldsmith-street chapel by the Rev. .1. F. Bnrsley for many years past missionary tn the. Fiji Islands. A collection was made In aid nf the funds of the society. On Monday evening the Rev. Mr llorsley delivered an interesting nod instructivn address to the juvenile 'mis-innary collectors and children attending the Siibhath school. The Oi'stosis' Department. — Statements have been made in quarters where better judgment might have been expected, to the effect, that tho Ministry had resolved to restore Mr Duncan at Onco to his former pn-ition. In the Herald, nn Saturday, it was announced Hint the Executive ' Council was tn meet, on that day for the purpose of carrying out this intention. It is hardly necessary to say thnt nothing nf tlio kind was done, or to point nut the absurd nature of such statements. In their present position, before their acceptance of office has been endorsed by their constituents, and while their representative character is in abeyance, wo imagine that Ministers will do no more Hum carry on the mere routine duties of their offices. To take such an important step as the reinstatement of an officer, whose removal tended in no small degree to break up the previous Administration, and sn to reverse the departmental action of the Government, while they themselves only hold their positions, upon sufferance, would show a want of c nisiilcration for tho representative character nf our institu tions wlrcli Mr Rohertsnn ami his colleagues aro not likclv tn he guilty nf. Mr Duncan's claims will bo in no way damnified by being allowed to stnnd over until tho Ministry are in a position to deal with them without infringing upon constitu tional principlo — Empire. Attendance op the .Sheriff nit hih Deputy at Coiners of Quarter Sessions. — According to law the sheriff is hound to lie present either in person or liy deputy at all courts of quarter sessions : lint hitherto this lias not been in-isted on, the attend ance of the bailiff being taken as sufficient. But tho bailiff, though tho officer of the sheriff, is not his deputy. Otto iff too district court judges has recently called attention to ihe absence of ilio sheriff from quarter sessions, and lias insisted that the law be complied with : and it will he seen by tho report nf tho Gnulhurn sittings a deputy duly appeared on Monday last in that court. Tho gen- tlnmen who luivo noted as sheriff's deputies at the several assizes have hitherto performed tho duties gratuitously ; hut as it would appear that in future they will bo called on five timxs instead of twice a year, it is possible that difficulty will ha found in getting the task performs I. — Goulburn Herald. A Duel a l.a Mode. — The Rnckbampton Bulletin's Brisbane correspondent ventilates the folloAing: — " Beforo closing, let me tell you of a duel that took plaeo on hoard a vessel lately arrived in More- ton Bay. 1 do not vouch for tho accuracy of the details' of what took plueo. I give them to you as they were told to mo. omitting tho names of the parties concerned. A young man who was coming out hero to snino friends had a misunderstanding with another passenger on the voynge. and. being of a rather suit turn, his fellow- passengers thought it a rather fino opportunity for n lurk. Accord ingly they prevailed upon the offended gentleman to demand an apology or accept pistols and coffee. By a little strategy nn the part of the passengers, the latter was chosen. Time and seconds were named, and tho two antagonists were placed. At tho signal tho young man fired, and immediately the other lifted his hand to his forehead, blood fiiwed freely, and lie fell nn tho deck. Not until then did tho young man feel t ho nwtulness of his position. Alter keeping tho poor fellow in a state of terror for some lime, ho was enlightened to the feet that the pistols only contained a small charge of powder, and that the blood on the head of his ; antagonist was the blond of a couple of fowls killed I that morning for their dinner." I Fearful Accident in a Well. — On Wednes day (says the Bathurst Times j Mr John Bliss, who was engaged in cleaning out a well on premises in George-street, near the Catholic schnolhouse. very narrowly escaped a violent death. Tho well was some eighty feet deep, and whoa Mr Bliss was being lowered down in tho bucket, and was about forty, feet from the top the windlass gave way. nnd ho was precipitated to the bottom. One ancle was dislocated, and ho was severely cut nnd bruised about' the heal and other parts of tho body, so much so that ho remained unconscious until the next morning, since which, however, snino signs of improvement liavu taken place, nnd it is Imped ho will soon hn restored to health and soundness. _ Jkuilderie. — Mr Oockburn, in-pector of schools, visited this township on Saturday last, nnd three members of tho Ijcal soliool committee met him, to confer with him on the propriety nf having a sclmol hero under tho Educational Board : hut. owing tho absence nf Dr. Stewart, tho principal committeeman, nothing could ho done. It appears ttiat about 130/ have been collected for the joint purposes ol n church and school building; that an allotment ol land was long ago sec aside for n sahool. and recently two acres were also granted fur that purpose. Some of the committee proposed to linnd over 100/. to the B utrd of E dueation. who would give 200/. more to build a good schooihuuso : and then it was proposed to hand over the re mainder of the money already subscribed to some church to bo built. Local jealousy, however, appears to step in. nnd prevent anything being done eo the inspector bud to leave without effecting anything, and the local committee .will regret, wo fonr. having failed to take advantage nf his presence, thus leaving the sclmol question in ns unsatisfactory state ns pnssihlo. — Pastoral Times. The Schoolmaster Aiiroad — Tho Gou'burn Herald writes : — Tlie following extraordinary docu ment. signed by fortv-nine electors nf fad lingtnn. appears in tho columns of Monday's Empire: — "To the nnnnnrahln John Sutherland. E-q . Minister for Works. Ac.. Sen. Sir. — We. tho undermentioned voters for the election of a member for tlie electorate, nf Paddingtnn. have lieen scru tinising your conduct, as our representative ever since we first returned you as nur member, ami sn pleased are we with yon in taking office with tlie. present Ministry. And wo feel quite confident tint, nnr interest is quite ns safe, if not safer than before vnu accepted tlie honourable position you now bold. And we pledge ourselves to use our endeavours to send you hook, knowing that you aro the. right man in tlie right plane." A TEaittm.B affair lias ncciirred at fTeatbonto. At about tep o'clock on Wednesday night a middle aged man named Genrge Wilson went into .Tae.ksnn's Prince of Wales lintel, and called for a nobbier of whisky. A vnung girl who was attending at tho liar took from a shelf containing several other hntt.les one which was labelled " whisky " and served out thn usual quantity in a glass. Wilson tnnk it off at a draught and immediately exclaimed. " I'm poisoned. I'm poisoned !"— che only words lie ever afterwards uttered. It. was speedily discovered that lie Hnd drunk out nf a bottle filled with ovanide of pn'nssinm — a chemical preparation used bv Mr Jackson, who combined photography with hntelkeeping. Medical assistance was snnn nn thn spot nnd remedies' were sought tn he introduced, ion nil in vain. The poor fellow breathed his last in about seven minutes after linving swallowed the terrible mixture, leaving a wife nnd two children to mourn his untimely ond. — Melbourne Herald. Attempted Suicide at Wadpa Waopa. — In formation wns given tn thn police early yest-rdny tnnrning (Nnvomh-r 10) that 11 man named Jemmy Dickey was lying in a tent an thn nnrdi side nf the river, dnngerouffv wound. Dr. Robinson and a constable proceeded tn thn spot, and found a Oliinaman with a long incised wound in his abdo men. from wliie.h the bowels wern terribly pro truding, The doe.tor replaced thn bowels, and sewed op tlie wound and had thn nnfnrtiinntn man immediately conveyed to tho hospital. where lie now lies under tlie treatment nf Drs. Morgan and Roliinson, Jemmy Dickey has been sixteen years in tlie c'llnnv. anil was for some time employed as a shepherd nt Bronknng Station. A hoy who slept in thn same tent with him. the previous night discovered him yesterday morning lying in a pool nf blond, and when questioned as to tlie cause of tlie blood, tlni Oliinaman said that ho had gone to the front nf the tent in the night, and had there been stabbed ; hut subsequently admitted having inflicted the wound with his nwn hands. 'J ho wretched man is Htiil lingering in ilio greatest agony, nnd by his medical attendants his recovery is pronounced to lie hopeless. — Exprrss. "Picking up" Sheep. —On Friday week last, Thomas Qnin was charged at thn Deniliqnin Polico Court, with having 30 sheep, belonging to Messrs. Peppin of Mnrngo, in a flock of I I. OHO with which lie was travelling belonging to tho Bogan River Company. From tlie evidence taken it appeared that 000 sheep belonging to t ho Messrs. Lanilalo breed got amongst tlie travelling muh. Of these I'll were received at tho Mnrngo gate, but only one nf tho defendant's men assisted in tlie work of taking them nut. and ns it was said that it was a common practice for traveling mobs to pick up sheep on the runs that they passed through, and to take them on to market and dispute of them, a conviction was pressed for. For tlie defence, it was contended that white travelling sheep kept within the stipulated half mile, nf the road, it was the duty nf tlie runluildsr to keep his fl oek from mixing' with travelling lots. Too bench adopted it different view of the case, and fined the defendant ">/. and nosts, which was paid under protest.-- Pastoral Times. Servant (lAi.tsM. — An amusing phase of servant- galisin was manifested at the Wahgunynh Police- Court last week, when two vnung women appeared to answer t he charge nf having deserted from tho hired service nf Mr .lames Marshall, of tho Kn- denrnur lintel. According to tho evidence adduced, the two had gone nut on Sunday afternoon with their sweethearts ami did riot return until a railier late hour in tlie evening. Shortly after tliey made their appearance they were ordered to lied by the unstress til tlie house, hut not having lout enough of coortin' their young men still keep ing their company — they refused to go. when tlie police were sent for in order tn compel the refrac tory d.itn-els tn retire. Tho gentlemen in blue shortly Lnpoared on the scene, hut seeing how matters stood, declined to interfere, wisely con sidering that it was railier a dangerous duty even for a policeman to undertake, that of compelling two young females 'o betake themselves to lied. Both appear to have left their service in conse quence of tlie attempt nt compulsory retirement, and legal proceedings were instituted to make them return to their duty. With a pntience and gravity worthy of Solomon, tlie bench listened to tho long drawn out proceedings pro and con. and alter having duly weighed tho rather weighty matter, decided to punish tho damsels' disobodieneo by a fine of 2s. Gd. each. On tho decision being given, one of tho defendants complained that it was very hard she should' be mulcted in a pecuniary penalty, after the shuck Iter modesty had rucc'ved from her mistress'appearing in her niglit-drsss be fore the two young men, in order to tell her tn go to bed. That, of itself, she conceived to be punish ment enough. —Melbourne Herald.- Accident at Curhawo.no Copper Mine. — After tho slag or dross is run off into sand-moulds, it is left for a time to cool. Although nppearing solid to tlie eye, yet these cakes are hollow within, nnd filled with molten fiery liquid dross. These cakes aro carried away on iron barrows made for tho purpose, when tliey are turned over liy two men with nn iron rod made of a particular shapo. The morning being wet. one of these cakes of slag slipped on tho rod and fell to tlie ground! bursting wiili an exnlosiiin liko lioavy ordnance, and this liquid fire flew over the two men. One of them partially escaped, as ha had on his thick top coat, which was instantly consumed : but even this man was badly burnt. The other (named Curtain) is drcaiilully burned about tho lower part of his stomach and thighs. His sight also is foared for : and lie now lies in an almost hope less condition, unrcmittodly attended to by Dr Oldham and Captain Richards. Oi unt(?) Von Attems. — The Brisbane Courier of Saturday says: — ' Some tidings have at last come to hand respecting the movements of tho accom plished swindler who lately gulled sn many, under the assumed name nf Count Von Attems Cap tain Bown, who was in oommand of tho Hamlet's Ghost, writing from Somerset, on September 20th. tells his wife that lie lias left tlie vessel, and will shortly ho in Brisbane. The count. (?) lias set sail for tlie Hast Indies. How many of our readers will say Ion voyage ? The Back Country in the Murrumridge Dis trict. — Recent reports from tho stations between the Murrumbidgeo nuu the Lnclilnn represent tho state of tho country tlicro as most d"p!nralilo. There is neither water nnr grass, tho inexorable sun has destroyed both, and for nil practical pur poses squatters might as well attempt to pasturo their fl icks upon deal hoards, or invest in a choice slice of the desert of Sahara or tlie Sydney Com mon. Owing to the long drought, there has this year been no spring io tho grass : all that remains is the dry stubblo of the previous year's growth, that crumbles beneath tlie touch and is blown away by the first wind. Upon this unsubstantial diet, with sucli water, about tho consistency of rieh cream, as tliey can get. t he sheep of the dis trict have to subside. The consequence of course, is deaths by wholesale, and a tcrriblo prospect for th o squatter, unless he makes up his mind to travel and seek pastures new on tlie runs of his more fortunate neighbours. Bare as tho country ntnv is about Wagga, it is described as " a perfect Para dise," compared with those parched and desolato regions. One gentleman who has lately returned, as ho puts it. from " a cruise in tho infernal re gions." made a de'nur on his return journey r,f several miles, describing two sides of an i-oscelcs trinngln. to escape the horrors of again posting over this miserable waste. — 11 'rip/ a Wagga Advertiser. Stickino-hp on the Warkkoo.— A corrcspond- to tlif Orange Examiner writes: — 1 lie following particulars may lie relied on. ns I liavo thorn from Mr W. Shearer, and I have also seen the wounded constable, as well as tlie traces of tlie bnib-ts. It appears thnt tlie polico at. the Birec station re ceived information that Mr No wen aim en s store and Mr Gideon's pu'ilic-linuse had been stuck-up by armed men — and that judging from their con versation and appearance one nf them was Thunderbolt. Seniur-cnnstaMc McG.ibc. being alone, procured the assistance of constable M'Manus, of the Queensland force (hn'h being stationed at the border) nnd thn two Billowed tho track of tho bushrangers lor six or seven days and nights, through that part of tho country knows as thn Oolgoa. Tliey picked up by the way a pistol supposed tn have been stolen from Mr Gideon, and also passed a camp where the rubbers had been paring down bullets. Tliey ran the track within n short distance of Shearer's public-house to which they rode up. dismounted, made some enquiries, and ordered breakfast. Whilst they were leaning over tlie counter, talking to Mr Shearer, young Rutherford (formerly a shepherd at Bollulio) jump ed in through the door, and ordered them to bail up. M'Oatie who was in tho corner, turned round tn see who gave tho order, and found a revolver levelled within tlireo yard of his breast. Beforo lie could raise his carbine, his opponent fired t.wico tho second shot striking him in tho shoulder nnd bringing him down. Thunderbolt, who was stand ing at tho door revolver in Itand, also fired, tho hall striking thn slabs and falling at Mr Shearer's feet. M'Manus. whn hud escaped by a side door at the first challenge, now returned and I believe fired at Rutherford and hit his wrist: anil Methilie. though unable to rise, managed tn raise and fire his ear- liine, wounding Thunderbolt in thn il-'sliy part of the arm. Tlie horses tied outside, being frightened by the uproar, broke away, and 111" bushrangers left tlie house. Just afterwards. Mr John Shearer, whn had been cutting up a bullock a1- the gallows, came towards tlie. hnue to see what thn firing was about, when M'Manus (who was quietly ensconced behind tlie door) Ip.t drive nt him — the bullet, pass ing through his h air. and grazing his forehead. (Query — Why did lie not lire at the rubbers, who were only twenty or thirty yards off?) Mr Shearer did what lie could to as-ist the wounded nonstable nnd sent off a blnckfellmv to Bniirke (75 miles distant) for thn doctor and tlie p'dien. On exam ination it appeared the hall had entered about two inches below the cap of his left shouldor. then coin- ing in contact with soino bono glanced right-round the back, lodging ngainst tho right shoulder blade : that is as nigh as I can describe it. not being a medical man. MoCahn is recovering slowly, Dr Roberts having extracted the hall, nnd every cure nod attention is paid to him by Mr Shearer and his family. I hope to be able ere long to report him thoroughly convalescent: for ho must he a brave man who, when penned in a corner and covered by a revolver at ft' few lent from him, nevertheless Bliowe.d fight. I trust his conduct on this occasion will bo recognised hath by tlie Government and tlie district. Tho next nppenranco of the Imsli- raogers was at Uellalic, a station of Mr Guinne-s s about 1 5 miles away. Tliey looked out u bridle and sundry other articles, and when Mr Malnne (not knowing who tliey were), said lie couiil ntn let- tlie tilings go without an order, the younger rufii.in said. " I am Captain Ruthei ford." and prn- ouced a revolver to enforce tlie argument. Mr Malnne said that it was quite sufficient: tliey then ordered him to procure handag-s for Thunderbolt's arm. which still hud a hall in it. Messrs. Zoneli and McXall started next day in pursuit, with u blai'kl'ellnw. and followed tlie track about 70 miles to Yur.kiibulhibollu station, where tliey (ound t he robbers had procured fresh horses, leaving two tliey had stolen nt Bellalie. Toe pursuing party had to give up the oliase. as their own burses were com pletely done— ftl hough the bushrangers could not then have been very far ahead. Mr Evans. sur veyor. whn lias since come here from the Fnruo. says that Thunderbolt hail to he lifted off Ins luirse at Ykinkohiillahulla : if so, I expect that M Uahe s memento will lead to the arrest of both these pests. Thunderbolt (if it bo re.llv lie) requires no de scription : but t lie new aspirant lor tint gallows, who glories in tho namo of Captain Bit liertord. has been described thus:- Fair complexion, about five feet eight or nine incites high, high cheek bones, very much tanned by tho sun. very little beard : native nf Adelaide: twenty-three years of age. Oonstablo MeOnho died on Bio 1st inst., at Mr Shearer's, mortifioa ion having set in. Burularv at Caroo. Wellinuton District. — Early on the morning of 'I'm sduy the premises of Mr Began, publican at Catgo, wcro burglariously entered, and money to llto amount of 40/ was stolen. Tito manner in which the theft was effected was by digging under and displacing a sheet ot bark which formed tho Iront wall of a room in connection with tlie bar, tlie front of which is of weatherboards. From this room access was obtained t.i tho bar and egress was effected by opening tlie bar door. This may bo considered a most daring attempt, ns wo tiro given to under stand three men wero sleoping on tho premises at tlie timo. The thieves carried their booty, which was contained in a box. into the bush about five or six hundred yards from tho town, and olevorlv opened it by cutting tho lock all round. Tho services of tlie Molong polico were obtained, and with the aid of a black tracker it was ascertained that throe persons must have been engaged in tho nefarious transaction. Tito footprints were clearly traced to tho locality where the box was found, and from thence to the resideneo of a man who is in custody nn suspicion of being implicated. — Western Examiner. The Kiama Journals on the New Ministry. — The Empire writes a follows: — Since Mr Robert son was cailed upon to form an Administration, the columns of tho Kiama Independent have been made tho medium ol circulating vague and ground less charges against his character, and virulent abuse of his colleagues. Where these general charges have elicited inquiries, tliey have been met by calumnies which those who utter tliem do not venture to statu in a form open to puhliu re futation. The Kiama Pilot of Saturday last, justly indignant nt tlie mode in which such slanders have been circulated, publishes tho main allegations con tained in the most gross of llietn, adding—" Even in this skeleton form it was a pure invention. Every circumstance thereof was imaginary in so fur ns MeBsrs. Robertson and Arnold wero concern ed. This wns capablo of proof tlie most complete iin.l tr,.!,, t.i table : but tho denunciation oftherenort ns a falsehood v'ns enough ; no witness in support of it camo forward; and whether it had its origin in lying or in a mistake was never ascertained. Nor was it over repeated in Sydney by anybody who had a charnoter tn lose, after it met this prompt and definitive contradiction. This calumny, how- ovor, has been clandestinely revived in Kiama, along with others of a like description. We de nounce them one anil all as being alike ur.true and scandalous: and wo challenge those who think, or affect to think, that tliey have any foundation io fact to publish ttioni in a form that will admit of their being answered consecutively anil lully. and met. il needs he. by affidavits. In doing sn tliey will run no risk, since a Minister of tlie Grown for tho time being is fair game to libellers; |ind Mr Riffertson. under any circumstances, would con sider himself such to them and act accordingly." After some fit r t her remarks on the integrity ol Mr Robertson's private and public cbarac'cr. tlie Pi'ol concludes with asserting that-, if that gentleman were now quilting uffi :e for ever, he might take up tho parting words of the prophet .Samuel : — " Wit ness ngainst me — whose ox have 1 taken ? or whose tiss have I taken? or whom have I defrauded? whom have ! oppressed ? or of whose hand have I received any bribe to blind mine ey-s therewith ? J and I will restore it you;" — and tile response of tho wliolo people would bo : " Thou hast not de- frandod us. nor oppressed us. neither hast tbo'u taken aught of any man's hand." Deniliquin. — Tito Pastoral Times of Satiirdny states as follows: — Now that shearing in onr immediate district is pretty well over, the wool- growers nre talking over their future prospects, and have so fur accepted tlie. decline of about twopeneo per lb. as an indication thnt tliey must not only improve their breed of sheep, and get up tlie wool in the most perfect manner, lint tliey must economise in every dep irtment. The clover liurr must be kept under, and oilier noxious tilings that depreciate the vabto of the wool must be got rid of if possible. All along the great highways of the interior the Bitlmr.-t burr and the Scotch thistle 11 uiri-li. and as so many hundreds of thousands of sheep aro travelling for feed, they carry the seeds of these weeds along, and wo shall presently bo overrun with tliem, to thn great depreciation generally of the wool. Shearing will soon finish at. Widg'cwn, where there aro 45 000 first-class fleeces, and there is to ho a second shearing at the Yilnko of 10 000 sheep. We shall bo much mistaken if boiling down sheep is not soon extensively had recourse to in these parts, as there is every prospect of a dry summer, and most of the runs are over-stocked. Tlie Gulf of Carpentaria district is attracting the attention of cnpi'alists. and considerable quantities of fat stock aro being despatched thi l her. where the cnarso wool grows to considerable perfection. During tho past shearing season tlie clips from that far-off country have exceeded tlie expectations of many of those who have stocked thn country, nnd cattle also thrive well at the Gulf. 1 07 head of fat cattle ( Doyle's) and 150 head (Ball's) passed down thn Nainni for market. From Echtinn we learn 2000 fat sheep crossed from Goiiran. 2000 fat sheep from Moroea (Joachim's). 119 fat cattle from Guribnwer. Victoria, to liiirhain. New South Wales (Sutherland's): 31 horses (Dawson's) from the Lii'.hlnn : 13.000 sttirn sheep (Miles Kingston) and 0000 fat sheep (Ityan and Hammond). At Sandhurst sales arc reported dull: 079 cattle. ' 7110 sheep (3300 unsold) I '220 lambs (200 unsold). 18 calves: '282 Iteoi. Joachim's". Miirrumbidgee. middling nnd indifferent, sold at 3/ l'2s ; Build's. Murrumbidgeo, middling. 4/ 12s; Sutherland's, iiarham. culls. 3 1. Tho following liavp. pas-ed Deniliquin during the week: — Monday — '2300 I'eppin's fat wethers. Tuesday — 150 Hope and Scott's fat cattle : 0000 Glass's fat wethers in wind: 2000 lien. W. Campbell's mixed sheep. Wednesday — 150 Jenkins's store emtio 4000 Williams's mixed sheep. Thursday— 1 000 Miles P.i'torson's ewes and wethers. Friday — 2000 bandale.'s fat wethers. Saturday (to-morrow) G000 fat wethers from Kiiferu. O i Tuesday. 150 fat cattle frnin Ariunlu passed Reilhnnk. They aro about mustering at Thulo. Williams's store cattle, in Ryan nnd Hammond's bands, are near Jerilderio. ami a lot of Carnes's sheep tiro at hand. Weather very lino. Hulloway's Ointment .and Pills. — Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica. These maladies urn always more or less connected with disorder or disease of the digestive organs, hence the facility with which tliey yield tn llnllnwny's remedies. Temporary alleviation immediately f dloivs the proper applica tion iil' this smithing ointment, while the pills, taken internally, reduce the digestive functions to order arid avert all inflammatory 'tendencies. Nervous invalids will derive easa and c insolation from tho influence ol these medicaments, which are free from mercury and all noxious ingredients. Hollo- wav's celchra'ed nint.nent and pills present, at a trilling outlay, the means of preserving the health or uprooting diseases which have assailed the body through accident, luxury, indelciico, or other e.nusi-H. THE GUVERNMEN I' GAZE I'TE. -NuVE.MUf.it 10 Pot'.vn at Guenfeli.. — Tho bench of magis- trates have: appointed Henry Dennis to be pound- ' keeper of tlie public pound at Grenfell, in tile room of W. A. Byrne, resigned, DISTRIBUTION OF PURLtO BUSINESS. Willi reference to previous notices of administra tive arrangements, bis Exeelleney the Governor, with the advice of the Executive t'oiiiieil. has been please I to direct it to lie notified t hat the following amended disti ibntinn of the public business amongst tlie scleral Minisl-rial Depart incuts of tlie Govern ment, lias been made, and will take effect from tile present date viz : — 1\. — Tub Colonial Secretary, who will bo charged witlt the business connected with — Legisla tive matters, judicial establishments, Great Seal. Naval and Military establishments, including tlie Volunteer corps: foreign correspnmlenee ; police, inclu ling Petty Sessions: gaols and penal establish ments; medical estii 'lisltinetits, including vaccina tion. and lunatic asylums : regi-tration and statistics : municipal institutions. Government Gazette; procla mations. coinmi-sioiis, and other instruments under the Great Seal ; nattirali-alion ol aliens, ecclesias tical esta1 lishinents, public education, industrial schools. Observatory, literary and scientific institu tions, hospitals ami charitable institutions, execution and remission of sentences, and all other matters of internal arrangement not confided to any other Minister, lie will lie responsible for the supervision and control of lite following departments — Inspec tor General ot Police, police magistrates, clerks of petty sessions: visiting justices and officers in charge of gaols, penal establishments, lunatic asylums: Sydney, ami suburban cemeteries, the Medical Adviser, tile Registrar-General, tlie Auditor General. Ami he will correspond with — the Judges of the Supreme I'ourt, the Law Officers the Presi dent of the Legislative Council, the clutk of the Parliaments, the Speaker of the Legislative Assem bly, the clerk of the Legislative Assembly, the rc- ' turning-officers, the clerk of the Executive Oouncil. the Consuls of Foreign Status, the Secretaries of Colonial Governments, tho Colonial Agent, the benches of magistrates, the heads of the several churches, the governing bodies of educational estab lishments. the literary and scientific institutions, the governing bodies of charitable institutions, munici pal authorities. And also in certain cases with — the sheriff, the chairmen of Quarter Sessions, the Prothnnotnry of the Supreme Court the Registrar General, nil i the Curator of Intestate Estates. II. — Tub col'inral Trkasuheii. who will lie i charged with the business connected with — finance gent-rally, stamp duties: the cits ody. collection, and disbursement of all revenues: trade and commerce, taxation, the issue ami sale of debentures, public de t, the cust mis department distillation, isstm of stamps stores, port and harbour regulations, pilot department : navigation, including pi lots, lighthouses, powder magazine, ahattnfts, quarantine, health officer, leasing punts and (cries, Government print ing department. 'I'll is Minister will he responsible for the supervision nnd control of the following de partments: — The Collector of Customs. Commis sioner of Stamp Duties, the Chief inspector of Dis tilleries, Clerk of Stores the Shipping Master, Go vernment Printer and Inspector of Stamps. He will correspond with — the Hunks, and the superin tendent of 1 1 ni-hnti I's, Lighthouses, and Pilots. III — Tub Skcubtauy for Lands, who will ho charged with the business connected with — tlie sur vey, sale, occupation, and management of Crown lands; the reset ves Ihr recreation ami other public purposes: immigration Botanical Gardens, the Church and School Estates the gohl-lields. mines generally, aborigines, roads other than main roads, cemetcr es excepting tho-c of Sydney and Camper- down. This Minister will he respcm- ible for the supervision and control of the following depart ments. viz.: — Immigration agent, the Surveyor- General, the Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands, minor roads the Gold Commissioners, the Inspector of Coal Fields, the Inspector- of Sheep and Cattle, the Director of the Botanical Guldens He will correspond with— the Commissioners of Claims to Grants of Laud, the Road Trusts, nnd Trustees for t'omiuoiis reserves tor rceretiun. and other pit lie purposes the Emigration Commissioners, Loudon. IV — Tub Secretary for Pfiti.tc U'tntiis. who will he charged with the business connected with the erection of electric telegraphs, improvement of riv-T naviga'ion ports, and harbours: lorinati.m nnd repair of docks and wharves: winks of defence, public works and buildings, main roads, bridges, and railways. This Minister will tie tespoitsible lor tlie supervision and control of the following depart ments, viz., the Engineei'-in-Chiel tor Rivers and Harbours, the Chief Commissioner of Muiu Roads, the Colonial Architect. V. — i he Postmaster-General, who will he charged with the business connected with postal ar rangements nnd contracts and business generally, working of Electric Telegraph Department, Money- Order Office. In. conducting official correspondence, tlie par ticular Minister to whose depa tmcnt, under the foregoing revised arrangement, the business may lie- long should he ndtlressed with reference to all mat ters requiring the action or decision of the Govern ment. Impounded at Binalono. on the 4th November, from whenteu crop by A. Kennedy : — Bay horse, Mark points, a little white nil' bind heel, Tl fl over WR near shoulder. Till off shoulder, broken in. aged. 17 hands high. Impounded at BrnnANonNo, nn 2nd November, from Ten Mile Creek, bv Mr J. If. fox : — Brown and white bullock, DIIF or It off rump nnd tilts, portion nf.off horn oil, near ear slit. Impounded at lliuinmvA on the 12th October, from Gnngting'tt. by 3. Woodcock : — i'lnck or brnwn mare. WS near shoulder, hind feet white, hit of white on near fore font sore withers. sni >. Impounded at IIetiiunuiia on 4th November, from Iron liotig. by Mr M. Sawyer — Brindle- sided bullock. ISoff rump, 0 off shoulder : hiiudlc sided luillock IIS off rump and thigh, hlo'ch brand over 3 near t limp. — Also, same dn.V from Me riliin- dinvoli. by Mr S. While: — Iron-grey mare, JE over 2 near shoulder, white face, shod on fore feet, 4 vents old. Impounded at Cootamundha, on 2nd November, from Mount Couehlin. by the superintendent : — Chestnut horse MY near shoulder and ribs docked tail, saddle marked : bay horse, I'M over PM near shoulder, SB sideways (the S reversed ) off shoulder, olf fore and hind feet white, star, saddle marked. — Also, on same day. from Morriss's Hill, by Win. lfowen, Esq.:— Brown horse, BK near shoulder Nt) near rump, saddle marked. — Also, on same day, from Dinga Dinga, by Win. Daccy. E-q : — Black mare. II It sideways near shoulder: grey horse. .J If near shoulder. . I near thigh. 1 in heart brand off .shoulder, collar marked : hav mare, docked fill. star. MC or MS over 3 over blotch brand like t'-W con joined near shoulder : black horse, WW or M near shoulder, ' ' over KW off shoulder, a little wlti e near hind foot. — Also, on same day. from Upper ( 'ootauiuudra. hv Mr T. J Giles: — Bay colt, star over II oil' shoulder, star, hind feet a little white. Impounded at N-u:th Wacoa Waoga, on 3rd November, from Kindra. by John Stinsun. Esq. :— Bay horse. TF over WA over 12 over Jit near shoulder, 18 off ribs, two hind feet while, collar marked age l. 15 hands high : hay horse. TB over like D olf shoulder, like — or bar olf rilis A over small S sideways near shoulder, star, collar marked, aged. 10 hands high. 