' '.'i. ! ?'''"WATER- POLICE iOoVaT.'-TuESDAT. (Before «Mr.-IL 'Voss, -W.P.M.,'. and -Mr. T. Dangar.) ¿ 'Buniol Nantio Was'charged with illegally on'oring thoVtlahor: Dómain,'v,by;¡ oliabirii rovor tho feneo. Daniel.'Vnuglian¿.; wintry of'the ßOth'Boglmont, stated ?tliutüio gavo prisonor in obargo for climbing over tho , I fonco of- tho Inner'Donnin.: Prisonor stated ho went I ito > Govornmont (House to seo Mri Yorke, tho Prince's tlîquerry.i and that ho jumped,tho foncc. 'He tfas ad-, muniBhcd and discharged. ...f; ;:;k\i Alfred Hoare,-18, -Timothy O'Sullivan, 12, John «Kelly; ll, and John White,-; vO,, were'charged I by con ; stahl o Patrick- Kolly with ptealing tí quantity of brass 'sorowi,* tho property of tho-P. iand Ov MaiPOompany. Constable- Kelly deposed that prisoners wore 'given into his chargo by tho chief ofll'or of tho-Avoca, charged iwithuïstoallngi-lbo' screws, Tnluo íill ^8«.','fîôm a boat .moored-in Watorviow;B;iT. All the prisoners said they had takon tho scrows; and afterwards throw them into tho1 water, bf Hbo harbour. Mostyn Oony Hoy Haw- kins, chief ofllcor'o'f ttho P.-arid O. íKip.Avóea, stated that tho scrowslwero stolen'f rpm'a; boat moored out in tho -bay, . about fifty yarda- from . the-ehore.-Ho ro 'çolved.ipformationUhat tho pHsoñeW.líaAlJtól0ñ"thom,. and gavo thom* ilrjto< custody. Tho paronts.lof tho prisoncw rospofStiTclyr^.WO'o. hound over in the sum of ¡£20 each »hut thoy^Ge" ofgood- behaviour, Mrs. Hoare, ipr horton; in the sum of £10.'tiçy/! ' . ,,¡Tr^ - ' M;LKStÓN-¿Nb:SmTuVjÁM (IOCS tlio interest of.Ufo TÍúblb in thia extraordinary troupo dimlnUli"" 'Last evening ngáinva ln'rgó'"áid'"í^hionablo .' audience,'"nssomblod nt^'tho"Prince ;fof'Wales Opera HOUBO, and it îsrnot'-Wl.rouelf 'ló*''tóy'Jthat' tho por formancos .woro~recciTOd,'wHh- deligh(rand nsjomeh . ifiin't.iJ.Th» progrouimninnlu'dcd th'a'tiinlcan Wondors iof Ferrari, tho Hvringing Bamboo,,:Metaio rihd.Oho-o--. /iiitchio,'. and. tho jugfflmg of ..Qeng'ró.; 'Ciita-whc 'go^ro; bgdih pcrformeif that, daring'and iixlrrford/nnry feat of walking oh pointed bamboos'of rat least twenty i fuot-. in; hoight,' os also .tho Qa- igero jüg¿ling, and ltprnciitc3'/oogio hoop : and: glass : feat; : Cnatdoskccn, as tho fakcen and fireman, performed Eomo.-marvollaus feats, "particulojly. that'of;'cônstiuctinÇ:'ai box from 'pieces of paper ;machc,fromfout.p con» i slruoted,' ho piodiiocd-iio' end'-"of .^libb'im's-aha bales,, and. a.dozoa largo.,Japanese, lanterns,.--.all of tlio'mlighto'du'p. Tliero^éro'áVarioty'óf«Ih'erÄfoim ; .onces in tho proçraminô'toq numerous, to particularise, I '.bu tíóf a.y. ry.oxciting charn'otôf -not tho feast pleasing .of which,' however,'wero tho olastio contortion/ of tho twp diminutivo acrobats,"Frank'aiiH-Joha^'-ÏJio per- formances concluded,;with tho slack-rb; e "dancing of I .Onts-wlio-go-ro,-, ot which so, mv'eli has-boon said and written. '.,-) ' ' ' ' ' ' *"."' i THE FiariAii", EXCITSMBNT r^T-ho Burrangong Argus of Saturday" "last-say'ô !-Tho*Fouian quostlon . still maintains tho leading'position in. " towri talk," j, tho: mysterious -midnight capturo "by our; P.M. of a supposed accomplice of O Farrell; whotted Ibo curiosity .of our quidnunc's lat t:.wook ;..anxiously;os l an angler ¿watches i for" a nibblo, or a ghost, at a freo ,ball and ?«upp'crj watches 'for tho spread, wai ¡the door of our "campövon'''wotolied in tho carly part'of last wcok, ¡by tho 'Vuiiomploycdl', in order to catch a flrjt yiow of thpP.M.'i Fonian,'but-much tö thoir disgust'und dis 'npp'ointñioút, ' ho ' nqver'" showed up" he having satis- factorily, ...proved his 'loyalty, ' tho strongest ovidonco being that. ,his name wa3 -Murphy,, and remotely '.connected 'with" tho 'tribe of , ..tho. ,,0 Furroll's. ' Tho- amusement caused by thia." íizzlo,'had Scarcely lost its zest when tho 'town was again startled by tho report that two gonuino specimons of tho Irish patriots (a la Fenian) "named Kelly and Noonan, woro safely lodged in tho lock-up OB Sunday 'afternoon. On Monday they wero duly exhibited in tho polieo-court, and turned out to bo only offenders under section Oof tho Treason-Felony Act. 'It appears that in common with sumo hundreds of others they had pa:d a visit to tho repartqd rush near""Cowra; and it having proved to ho so-far an unmistakable, dufter, sought to drown their disappointment in rum. Having . succeeded ; to their satisfact'on, thoy with tho- pug- nacity peculinr to tho Milesian race, kinrly wanted soino ono to " thrid on tho tail av thoir coats," and .not meeting with a favourable response, they howled about the wrongs ot Ireland, in aEtylc moro noisy and demonstrative than logical 'and truthful. On tho altomptod mmdor of tho Princo, their opinion was " That there was no moro harm in shooting tho b-y Princu than a blackfellow." For this, a warrant was issued for the r opprthension, aud they woro arrested nt their hunns at tho Tyagong, and romumled to Cowra. Opinions differ widely ns-to tho wisdom of arrests of this nature, many contending that, instead of curing disloyalty, it may ]«rli»ps out- wardly lupprops it, but inwardly aggravate tho di cord» lt wuuld lo.lly appear iieicssury that a circular phould ho issued to tho various country honchos clearly ex- plaining tho menning and object of Ecctlon 0 of this famous Act orclso ignorant pul Icu constables mid less enlightened J.I'.'a will, to uso au oxprcisivo phrase, bo- , I " pulling their foot in it." 0(/.VKIÎI>.U/, MAIICU 28 nr.-Tho foolingà so tinivor Pal nf detestation and horror at tho dastardly* attempt o» tho lifo of tho Dulio of Edinburgh woro folt hero I iii thin romoto and small community, re'well as I throughout tho length and breadth of Australiá ¡ and a meeting of congratulation to libi Itoyal Highness on I his recovery is, wo behove, shortly lo be hold. Tho ' I omi of tho would-bo assassin hns in no way been i ginned ., forporlmpa nothing that could havo occurred,. , I other tlian euch a deed, could havo shown tho loyalty of tho Australians in so marked lind goneral a manner, -Tho weather is changeable. In thia favoured locality wo lmvo numerous showers, but Liverpool Plains and tho Nnmoi, on tho whole, ro.miro rain very badly, Tim man whom i. staled in a former communication had received a sovcro injury to tho splno is still lingering, and clings tonnoiously to life, although no hopea uro given by his niediunrnttendnnts of his ultl mnto recovery. Ho lina now been bad upwards of n mouth.- No signs of n new court-homo, nor yet of improvement to tho old on". Whnt does our fathorh/ Ooverninoiit mean?-Health'of tho District r This district is generally regarded aa a healthy one, but of Into wo lmvo lind rovornl dentbs, chiefly among children. No particular nowa to send, but I nil', with permission, givo tho congratulation mcoting'a proceedings in cxtouso when it ls> hold..- Gorros | pondon!. 