EXTRAORDINARY SURGICAL OPERATIONS. (From the Bathurst Free Press, June 20.) On Wednesday evening, Dr.Carr, in addition to the usual illustrations of mesmeric phenom ena, performed two surgical operations which excited the wonder, and drew down the most enthusiastic applause of the " House." At the commencement of the evening's proceed ings, the doctor stepped forward and invited the meeting to choose their own chairman. Mr T J Hawkins, of Walmer, being named, took his seat. The Doctor then stepped forward, and said he was now prepared to extract teeth or to perform surgical operations, without pain to the patients; if any persons present needed his assistance in those ways, and were willing to submit themselves to mesmeric influence, he should be glad if they would come upon the stage. A boy presented himself for the extrac tion of a tooth; also an elderly man with a can cer on his under lip. With very little trouble, and seemingly without effort, the boy subject was soon inducted and the tooth drawn, without the slightest uneasy motion on his part, and on being awoke walked to his seat. The doctor then came to the front of the stage, and fixing his eyes on a young man who had his arm in a sling, and who sat on a front seat in the pit, made a few "passes" forward, and the young man slowly rose from his seat and slowly approached the stage, which which reached nearly breast high, where of course his progress was impeded. The Doc tor however, commandingly, though in silence beckoned him to mount the stage, when he at once placed his left hand on the boards and raised himself slowly up, his one hand (the left hand) acting as a level, and in a few moments he stood close to the Doctor. After making a few passes around the head and face of the patient, the Doctor placed him in a chair, and taking the bandages off the right hand (from which Dr. Carr had the previous evening am putated a contracted finger), proceeded to take off another finger from the same hand. The operation was soon performed, the hand dressed and placed in a sling, when the Doctor at once awoke him. The young man then expressed his thanks to the Doctor, and stated to the audience that he felt no pain during the operation, nor even whilst he was now speak ing. He said that he felt he pain the evening before until about four hours after the operation of taking off his other finger had been per formed. He also further said that it had been reported in the town during the day that he was dead , but he would like to see the man who had spread the report como forward and prove his words. (Laughter and applause ) We should have stated that during the time the doc tors (for there were two, Dr Grant of Mudgee, assisting to dress the hand) the pianist struck up the "Nervous Cure," and the patient began to beat time with one foot, and being raised from the chair proceeded in real earnest to "step it" to the great amusement of the audi ence. The Dr. then stopped the movement and woke the young man , when, looking round, he thanked the Dr., as we have stated above and leaping from the stage took his seat in the pit. Dr. Carr then turned to the old man who sat in one corner of the stage, and who was soon "fast enough" he brought him to the front of the stage and placed him in a chair, and the cancer was carefully excised. The blood flowed very freely, and Dr. Grant assisted to tie up the arteries. The old man did not move limb oi muscle except once, wlitn ho slowly put his hand m tilt bosom of his waistcoat and took out a haiulLtrcliicf us if to wipe awuv the blood On being woke up windi was dono m Btantancoti«ly ho sind lie was quite comfottoblo ond hudn t felino pun ' Ile said he would tell the truth, mid bidding ' long life to your honor ' lie ictntd Die iluminan here said thcio would bo on niteriniBBion of a quartei of un houi On resuming, tho Dr brought soi ci al poisons out of tlio uudieiico by meeutenc passes, mid tho usual phenomena wet o exhibited A death scono wus enacted, and a funoril group funned of several young men aud an uitoi csting looking gul all under mesmeno influence lliey prayed, they sorrowed, they bent ovei tho supposed dead ltlatnc, they placed flowers (small bits of paper winch tho Dr lot full nour them) upon tho body, thoy coi ei ed the fuco of tho coipse tiley thiew flowers into tho giave, and »ero all in seem ingly deep distress, until tho Mesmerist sud dcnly called out, "A Ghost ' when threo of tho number ßpiang to their feet and run into colliers ia gi cut terror Thoy were however, released from their sloop, and becanio themselves agum Dr Cm r then explained if wo knew all the laws of nature the seeming mystery of animal magnetism would at onco ccaso He hud never seen the young men who had boon before the audience in private but even if ho had it would baie been impossible to produce the clfcctB (which had now boon witncs'od) by collusion Ihe suigical operations which had been per formed in tbo presence of the audience, were completed without even a q liver of the eyelid He considered thut nature was one vast univcr sal mystery, and ive» knew comparatively little respecting attraction, repulsion, gravitation, mesinen»m, or any other of the great laws of the mentul ond physic ii sympathies existing He thanked thom tor the expression they had given Tho National Anthem was then played by Mr. Tiffin mid the audience retired 