THE- GOiib-FiELDS'.DEOLiNE. '-? Mining^ beyoid. the .possibility of, ques tion, is stiU themainstaypttte ? colony of , Victoria.: The value of our wool, of our wheat, ; and: of all our' other products added together and placed in the scale, would ;f ail to balance xhe ; s value ; ef , , our , gold '? produce. The superstructure of 'Victorian prosperity is mainly built upon a golden foundation! Until we! have to some extent replaced mining with. , other equaUy profitable or' more advantageous forms of industry, it is desirable to keep a keen ; watch , upon everything, which tends: to % affect, favorably or otherwise, our great metallic staple. -'?'? Even when' that .time, shall, 'have arrived, /mining, as. one 'of ; many industries, will still hold an important position. Fully recog nising hqw'^ the issues we raise,]it4s pur purpose; to .point ^ut the very discouraging; position of mining af fairs ?^pqh;.-whaV.is('a'dmitteii/-'1to';:b.ei.' the metropolitan, goldrfieid-r-that of -, Ballarat. Our intentionis not to deliver a homily.; on marketmanipulation. ~ /'Our business is not with the bulls' 'and the. bears, the stags |and the lamet. ducks, of the colonial Capel Courts, but to deprecate the almost ?? entire ' absence of ' progressive ' mining. The Ballarat gold-field offers' better scope for obiserva^onthanany .other, ? and the public is more f amiiiar- with the1 mines of Ballarat than those i/.of any other, district. We care not ;to ; interm'eddle, with the prices of the stocks of particular com panies exce.pt so far as such may be re gardedas, indices of jthe 'public, expecta tion of continued yield or probable: , dis solution^ Taking the list of Ballarat mines, now; many are tn ere at inis mo-: ment . combining tne/! qualifications, of having reachediprofitable .work, : and of ' such continuing: even for/ a few years? Why,;the companies^ in ttiispo^ be remembered on the- fingers ! -After we., enumeratethe Consols i:ahd' the- Bonshaw. companies, w6 begin ib be in- doubt. There are m^any .for 'which .their .friends would claim inclusion in this category, and -to. avoid invidibusness ! ; we shall- offer 'them the optiph of including the cBrnpanies. we1 will presqntly name, in one, of the.two'foi-,; lowingi sections^ say:T-;- f '? ? : - ; / Firstly :. Mines of, the' first clasp with large present returns'.- and a -wieU-asperr ; tained.prospectj of continuance for some years;1 «?';? ''?;?''?-. ''?: ? \ ;:.' '??'.''?'? !.?'?-?? Secondly: Mines which/ti'avebeen, good mines,. but whose best days, are ,past, and ' which, except' ' through ; some fortuitous rHanfWfiw. nn.nnrtt.lln.nt. Inner ' : , Taking a wide sweep of /the! net, we offer for place in one of the above classi fications, say the Ballarat Freehold (fallen from £30, to. $5);, the. Buninyong (faljen from ;S4Q per/4Q00th to anominal value) ; the Great Northern Freehold (fallen from J25 to! 16ss than hdlf); the Koh-i-nobr (finished.its deep ground, and existing on reef-washes) ;; the Leviathan (almost for gotten) ; the 'Newjngtbn' (down to fewer shillings; than-^its' shares .; were once' pounds) ;i , Park (smothered with debt, and. down seventy -five per cent.) ;?? Prince of Wales' (fallen fully fifty per cent, with n six ?;. months); St. George United; (ceased dividend-paying, and living, on future expectation) ; Scottish and .Cor nish' (getting mbderateTeturri^, and pay ing jdivi^ends very .j^owly) ;' tJnited Al bion- (relying on its proximity .to a gold-it getting company) ; Working Miners'' (bb taining ', good, r yields ',, and market V fallen thirty per cent.) ;. Sir William Don. (the ' ghost' of its former self— depreciation, eighty per cent.) ; Western Freehold (at an eighth of , its once price). We have named sixteen ventures, and out' of that numberthere are at least six whose lease ' of life is not worth half a year's purchase. We thus oome down to about ten gold getting mines with anything like perma nent prospeots. Surely this is a result inooinmeasurate with the position which the men of Ballarat formerly achieved for that prosperous district ! And when we go a little further we discover worse. We find (thirdly) companiesby the score dying of sheer inanition.. There is' a class of companies consisting of mines actually worked out and only kept in existence because there are;such things as directors' fees, and ^managers' salaries :' companies which never had any sound or real prospects at all; companies brought into existence in order that there might be scrip to be dealt in, not gold to be got. It would be supererogatory to name these companies* Most persons ? know them* People deal in the shares for the turn of the market, knowing ,' them to be rotten to the j core. Except through some unfore seen accident they will never conduce to , the 'gold-export of the colony. There are! some V undertakings which would scarcely come within the three classes we have described^ but! nothing / can disturb thejgeneral accuracy of the distribution. , :Ti|at of which s Ballarat is at present : deficient is the ; mining enterprise of the old Ballarat type. /The indomitable per severance/which carried on the Albion, the Band, of Hope and.othersfor;somany long years without instant results and against ' all discouragements,! ' has at? .most, disappeared. , ;, Mining enterprise has degenerated . into stock-jobbing. With few exceptions,' only 'that ' 'mining11 undertaking obtains !s!ubnort whbse bros pects.are immediate. .The large and deep buried river beds are neglected in order that the surface may be scratched. And as a! result, mining .companies do not last as many months as they ought to do years. ? Take for instance the great Don wash; Within two or three years of its discovery .its, locality is marked, but by the wreck of half a : dozen companies, rapidly sinking into irrevocable oblivion. Look again at the latest flash in the pan. This ,year: it was' the Inkerman Beef, wash wMchwasto enrich everybody'.1 Two cbinpanies got tit and; paid some divi ..dehds, .and.one of, these two is already at -the 5s per share stage.; But where are the score, bv two of other companies which actually raised the price of mining labor, by their drain of hands from other districts ? Why, they are disappearing 'like- a spring frost before the rising sun ! Tbley will soon be of the past, and for-, gotten by all- but their creditors' and their once copartners. We have said that that, of ; which Baliarat is now-a-days deficient tis ( sterling mining enterprise. We want prospective work, done now, Which will be' producing results tyio or three years hence. Can . ., any , one, point out where this kind of workis being done? The Great North- West Company, a genuine and fairly based enterprise-— one wliich, if perse vered with, would- test { a ?? comparatively new portion of the Ballarat district— has succumbed before the enormqus difficul ties of contending with the water. The Winter's Freehold -(although its stock has been made the subject of too much market manipulation) is ano.th.er, under?,1 taking of the true stamp of old-fashioned mining enterprise. The Hand and Band Company^ despite some disclosures '? of trickery in certain t quarters, deserves credit for its single-handed struggle with the miner's enemy— underground water. After these, what next ? The prestige of. .Ballarat was won by mining pioneers a dozen years ago. ! The men who first went below the blue rock made the' repu- tation of Ballarat. The ifbssickers amongst thereof -washes. t,haHftinr-.dfifi1fiVH. th:e: promoters, have done much to destroy its well-earned fame ; and unless some present attempt be made to open up ;deep virgin ground, .the, chances are that in two yearsor so the Ballarat gold field will, by the decline of' its pro duction, experience a reverse it will, have the utmost difficulty in repairing.) It would . seem as though the only hope rested in. men of enterprise en tering upon such prospects as wo suggest, rendering any transfer of interest impos sible for a fixed period; The modern aim and end of so- called enterprise appears to be not the^ finding of gold, but thoflbating of shares.. The result must inevitably, be a deolinein whatis.asyet the staple in terest of this ^ountiy. ??..!??'.:?,. 