THEATRE ROYAL. MR. LAMBERT'S FAREWELL. A house crammed in some parts and well filled throughout, assembled last night to take leave of this most deserving and universally respected actor. The bill on the occasion included the second act of "The Rivals," the first act of " Money," and three scenes from " The School for Scandal." In the several characters of Sir Anthony Absolute, Sir John Vesey, and Sir Peter Teazle, Mr. Lambert illustrated the admir- able skill of which he has been so long possessed in a certain division of his art, and it ( is but the truth to say that he never acted better in any one of them than he did last night. The rare power he has so often shown of distinctly individualising his characters, was strikingly exemplified by the three parts being brought into such immediate contrast. The performance of a single act of a play almost of necessity places the actors in it at a disadvantage and it is therefore all the more conclusive proof of Mr. Lambert's wonderful power that the audience appeared to enjoy all that he did with a zest most refresh- ing to contemplate. The screen scene, especially, kept everybody, as it has of ton done before, in a pleasant simmer of delight, Milich nothing could mar or interrupt save the recollection that it was being witnessed for the last time with the case to which we have been so long accustomed. Whoever succeeds to Mr. Lambert will have to possess a large amount of merit in order to escape comparisons which it is difficult to believe will not be unfavourable to any- body who follows him in the same track. His first entrance last night evoked long and enthusiastic cheering, and all through the evening, until he finally disappeared, he was greeted with the strongest expressions of admiration. In the act from "Money" some of the characters were sustained by amateurs, among whom were Mr. W Levey, who played Evelyn admirably ; Mr. Marcus Clarke, who exhibited no inconsiderable ability as Sir Frederick Blount and Mr. Warner, who gave a very good representation of Stout. In "The School for Scandal" scones, Mrs. Vincent was of course the Lady Teazle, which she never played better and a similar compli- ment is to be paid to Mr. Vincent's Joseph Surface. In addition to the items of the programme already mentioned, Mr. and the Misses Stewart sang very effectively the glee "Hark, hark, the lark," from "Cymbeline ;" and the farce of " A Model Husband," in which Mr. Harwood was exceedingly amusing, concluded the performance. Mr. Lambert then delivered the following farewell address : "Ladies and Gentlemen's am about to quit this world of mine for over, to cross the footlights and come and live in your world, It is very much the custom on occasions when people are going out of the world, to make a full confession of all their sins, and I will now acknowledge the excellence of the custom by adopting it, so that you shall not say I gave up the ghost without recounting the many sins of which I have been guilty, both since I came among you and for many years before that time. These, as you may suppose, are very numerous, for they have been going on without intermission these two-and-forty years, "I will begin with the worst of them, and admit that I have committed murder. In the early portion of my career, especially, I acknowledge to having murdered several parts with which I was entrusted, but of late years I hope I have been less guilty in this respect, and the shades of Shakspeare, Ben Jonson, Congreve, Otway, Massinger, Rowe, and, Sheridan, have been appeased, I trust, by my having imparted a little life to some of their creations. But of murder of another kind I have not committed more than one, and as I was summarily executed for it to the great satisfaction of the audience, I may be said to have expiated that crime. " I have committed bigamy so frequently that I cannot account the instances. I have married more wives than Brigham Young, so that it is not surprising if I should have numbered my sons and daughters by scores, if not hundreds,, Some of them, I grieve to say, I have treated with great cruelty, turn- ing them out of doors to beg or starve, cutting them off with shillings, for chu; them into mercenary motives, and otherwise provoking them to desperate measures. In connexion with these wicked proceedings, I have used the most violent language, to my offspring ; but many times, when in the very onslaught of my furious denunciation, I have relented, and have only uttered half a curse. At this moment, if I had not great strength of mind, I should be overwhelmed with remorse at the consequences of my severity. I have to deplore the necessity, of frequently numbering among my acquaintance, and even of my friends, some very incorrigible scoundrels j but I beg you will place in juxta-position with this fact, the circumstance of my having also been on in tim a to terms with many kind-hearted and benevolent persons of every degree in society. Indeed, I may here remark, that in respect of social position, my friends and acquaintance have been of the highest and the lowest rank, with every intermediate grade, and that their dispositions have varied as infinitely as their social position. i " My own predilections have been in like manner fluctuating. At one time I have been so miserly that I have denied myself the most absolute necessaries at others, I have felt myself prompted by generous impulses so strong, that I have had no hesitation in giving away large sums of money, vast estates, priceless jewels, and even crowns and kingdoms. I confess, however, that now, and then these gifts have been bestowed with, but an indiscriminating hand, and that un- ? deserving men have profited by my pro- miscuous liberality. I have also not seldom, rewarded small services disproportionately, and on these occasions I have always made a point of giving the purse as well as the money. Believe me, I am conscious of a proper degree of remorse for my many sins, and that I humbly hope my good qualities may balance some of my faults. "But I am incorrigible enough not to be sorry' for one great fault with which I am charged, namely, the having left the stage eighteen months ago, when I was too ill to remain on it, and in having added to the atrocity by returning when I had recovered. I have, however, come to-night to make the only atonement in my power for this serious offence, namely, to quit the stage for ever. "Like all other members of my profession, I have lived a double kind of life, and it is only in one of them that the great crimes I have just enumerated and acknowledged have been committed. My serious vices'I trust have been all on this side the footlights. But in the world wherein for the future I am, going to dwell I trust you will credit me with having done my duty as a good citizen, and that when in a few days I step on board the vessel which will bear me from this bright and beautiful country, I shall carry with me your good wishes and your kindly esteem. " Permit me a parting word about my brother managers, with whom for the last twelve months I have been so intimately associated. I never thought to have drifted again into management, but there were such pressing reasons why this fine theatre should not be allowed to lose its prestige, and why it should not fall into incompetent hands, that I consented to become one of the co- partnership under which its affairs have lately been administered. I appeal to you to say whether we have managed the Theatre Royal satisfactorily, and whether we have not fulfilled the promises we made in the beginning of our career? We have not obtained a wonderful pecuniary success, but I think we have given our patrons fair value for their money, and I am happy to think, at this moment, that the reputation and popularity of the theatre are as good as they have at any time been since. it was opened, now nearly thirteen years ago. Let me ask you to continue to the managerial firm as it now exists at least an equal measure of your support. Its members are all known to you, and are, I am sure, greatly respected. I leave them with the most amicable feelings, and with the sincerest hope that they will long retain their present position. I can assure you that in whatever manner I can forward their interests in England, in the way of business negotiations, I shall be too happy to do so. And now, ladies and gentlemen, the old comedian who came among you in the vigour of his manhood, quits you in the strength, and freshness of his commencing old age. He is not too old to work, and he thinks you will admit that he has not yet lost the trick of pleasing you. After so many years of laborious industry he wishes to rest and re- cruit himself, while yet he is capable of enjoy- ing rest and recreation. I cannot tell you all the thanks with which my heart is so full. I have made many friends and experienced, numberless kindnesses in Melbourne, and I would gladly acknowledge all these separately if time permitted. To those gentle- men who have from time to time chronicled my Performances, and given me the benefit of their critical opinions, I am under many obligations. To my brethren and sisters with whom I have so laboured, I offer my best and kindest thanks for their co-operation, and I wish them continued success, in the practice of the art I have loved so much, and which I believe to be at once the grandest and most difficult of all the arts. And now, to each and everyone, Farewell ! In all the future time that yet remains to me, I shall never forgot Victoria, and when thinking over the past, of a long and trust honour- able career, I shall often be softened into tenderness us I think of this stage from which I now address you for the last time, " Again, to each and everyone, Farewell Î For me " The rest is silence, Mr. Lambert was many times interrupted during the delivery of the above by the strongly expressed applause of the audience, and at the end three hearty British cheers rang through the house, and a little tempest of flowers gained upon him from the fair hands of those who were near the stage. Mr. Lambert will have good reason to be proud of this his last appearance before his friends in Victoria, and we can but reiterate the best , wishes that he may long enjoy his well earned ease and retirement. 