AN EPISODE OF THE BALACLAVA CHARGE. The following purports to bo on acoount, narrotod by himself, of tho share taken by » tho 17th Lnncore, in tho doings of that' glorious yet mournful doy: "?Well,you soo, it was in the autumn of 1851 that the English and Frenoh armies were lying lovingly enough togothor in front of Sebastopol, that nut whioh took them euoh a time to oraok. Our .oavalry had a camp of their own upon .the hillside nour Oadikoi, and tho old 'Death's Head and 'Cross Bones,' to. whian' I belonged, was there among the rest, forming part of .tho Xight Brigade. "We had a sopnrate com- missary of our own, and handy men were told off from the various corps to' aot DB butchers. j .. " I nevor was baokward when tliere was any work to do, and when some fellows were moping hopelessly in tho tents or going sink I to hospital, every morning I waa knooking about as jolly os a sandboy, doing - a job here and one there, and always contriving to got moro or less tipsy before nightfall. If evor you drop, across any of tho old Crimean Light Brigade, juBt you ask them if they remember Butohér Jaok, of the .Lancers, and soe what the answer will bo. I was ns well known in the brigade as , old Cardigan himself, and in my rough and -tumble -way got to bo quite a popular ?character. Indeed, if it had not boen for, my:, inordinate fondness for the drink,,.I might haye got promotion over and' over again. But I used to find my way shoulder-, high into the guard-tent pretty regularly ODoe o week, and moro than onoe saved the skin of ray baok by being known as a will- ing usoful fellow when sober. Paine, alias Butohor Jack, of . " Ono ' slaughtering day ' at the Commis - sary we had hilled, flayed, and out up our number ot beasts, and there was à lot of ; , rum knocking about, f,r the Commissary Guard knew how to" get at the grog,,' and ?were, froe enough with it among the but-; . obere, for tho eako of nioe,, tender steak. :, "Paddy Heffernan, of the Soyale, and I man ' aged to get as drunk as lords before i we had time for a wash, and one of the Commissary -ofnoers, oame aoross us while, in this state, and dapped us in the guard tent boforo you . could say knife. One place was as good i as another to us, BO we lay,there oontented enough all night, taking an oooasional'tot at ; ' the bottle whioh Paddy managed to smuggle into the tent where-wo were oonfined. It was getting on for morning beforo wo dropped : -off into a heavy drunken sleep, out of whioh the Commandor-in-Ohlef himself would have liad a tough job to have aroused us. We .must 'have had a long súpose, foi; it WOB ?broad daylight before we wero awakened by the »thundering of an immense cannonade . -olpso. by, making the very tent poles quiver again.- I still felt duoedly muzzy, for Com-; missary rum, ns you would know if ever you got tight on it,!¡B hard stuff get sober off, vet I managed to pull myself together enough to "know where I was, and could give a shrewd ?"?' ¿'guess what all the row was. I Bat up with the intention of hoar'mg more about it from fiomo of the guard, but to my surprise thore waa not a soul in tho tent but Paddy and my- self, and there was not even a sentry upon tixe door. Bb we both got up on end and had a stretch, and then walked coolly out of the guard, tent only to find tho camp utterly deserted, not a man : hoing apparently left in it. Turning 'into our tent we sat down, «nd over a re- fresher out of the inexhaustible rum bottle' -we tried, in a boozy sort of way, to argue out the position; From where ;tbe oamp was .we could not see . what. was going on .; flown in the valley by. reason of a low ridgo whioh intercepted the view, but we could toll it must be '.pretty warm work from the hot ' . and continuous firing which' was being kopt np. . At last Bays I to Paddy, ' Why the devil should we be out of the fun ? Let's go up to the siok horse lines and seo if thero be anything left there fit to put one leg in front,of another.' ' Agreed,' ories he, heart- ily enough; so I got hold of a butcher's 'axe, and he a Bword, and half drunk aB we -wero, and just in the oóndltlon we had left . off killing the knight before, we started off . for the siok horses. But it was no go for -a moment here, for there were but two -brutes left, and one of them hid a leg like a pillar letter, box, while tho other was down on his side, and did not look muoh like rising again. Determined not to ho beaten, we started off on foot, and making bur1 way , - round by the roar of the staff, we dedgod down into the valley just in the rear of the ? position of the hoavy oavalry. , ¡ ? '. ".Fill- the pot again; Governor, and , I may as well (oil .you it was Balaclava ? morning, and the heavies had j already, ohorgod the Oossaoks and emptied a good many saddles. Buesian horses were gallop- ing about riderlesse, and Paddy and myself parted company to give chase to a . oonple -of these. With some troublo I oapturod , my ono, a tidy little irongrey nag, which' I judged from tho saddlo ana accoutrements must have been an offioer'a charger. ' It was easy to seo from the state of the saddle that tho former ridor had been desperately wounded, and the reins too were 1 bloodier than a dainty man would have liked, but 'I ?was noways squeamish, and mounted the little horso in a twinkling. . Tho moment I had not mv seat. I galloped un to tho .Heavy Brigado, and formed up ooolly on the ' left flank of the old Boyáis. They! laughod at me as If I had been a clown in a .panto- mimo, and I had not boen in position a couple of minutes whon up ooma Johnny Loe, their adjutant, on his old bay ¡mare, at '.. a tearing gallop, and roarod to me to ' Go to h- out of that.' Thoro'B no mistake, I was not maoh oredit to them. I was bare- headed, and my head waa Uko a birch broom in a fit. i I was minus a ooat, with rn y shirt' . sloe ves turned up to thV shoulder, and my shirt, faoo, and bare hairy arms : were all splashed and barkenod with blood,! whioh I '" had picked up at the butchering' the day bo fore and had never wiped off, A pair of long greasy jaok boote oamo up to tho thigh, ana instead of tho sword I had tho axe ovor my shoulder at the slope ns regimental as you please Tho Hussion muathavo ridden very short, for my kn: es were Up to my nose in his stirrups, and so you may Imagine that, taking mo all in all, I was rather a hot look- ing member, espooially If you römomber that . I was fully half BOOS over. " The heavies were in position to Bupport the Light Brigade, whioh had just got the : word to advance So, whon tho adjutant of ibo Boyáis ordered mo off, I lookod straight before me, and saw tho light bobs going out I to the front at aa easy trot, and on tho right of the front rack I caught eight; of tho plumes In tho lanco hats of my own oorps, tho old seventeenth. My mind WOB modo up on tho instant. - Running my spurless hoola into the riba of tho little Hussion horso, I started off in pursuit of the Light Brigado as fast as I oould moko him go, with shouts of laughter from the heavies ringing behind me and chased unsuccessfully by a couple of officers of tho Greys, who tried to stop me for decency's sake. Aa the light bobs were only advanoing at a trot, I wasn't long before I ranged up alongside their front flank, and thore waa old Nosey, as wo used to onll Cardi- gan, well out to the front, and in front of him again was young Nolan of. the 15th, with his sword down at the'right engage' al- ready, although wo wore a long way off any enemy. Just as I came up in line with the flank sergeant of the front rank, who looked at mo sideways aa if I had been a ghost,, Cardigan turned round in his^ saddle to say a word to the field trumpeter riding I at his hells, and then with a wave of his sword went off at score out to the front, In another seoond all the trumpets of tho brigada sounded the ' ohargo/ and sitting .down in our saddles and setting out teeth hard, off we went pell-mell aoross the valley as hard as ever horse could lay foot to the ground. Pre so nt ly wo, got within range of the devilish Russian battery whioh was playing right into our tooth, and I Baw Nolan, who was a long way out to the front, galloping as if for a wager, toss up his arms, and with a wild shriek fall from his horse. On still, on we wont, faster and fas tor; as our horses'got exoited and warmed to their work, heedless bf the torrent : of shot that oome tearing through us. As for myself, what with the drink in me, and the wild oxoitement of tho headlong ohargo, I went stark mad, and ; sent, the pluoky Hessian, ,horse ahead at a paoe whioh kept me in lino with the very foremost. -' Nearer and nearer wo came :to the dreadful battery, whioh kept vomiting.death on us like a volcano, till I seemed to feel on my, cheek the hot air from the oannon's mouth. At last we were on it. Half-a-dozen bf us leaped in among the guns at once, and I with one blow of my axe brained a Russian gunner just as bo was dapping tho lint-stook to the touoh-hole of his nieoe. With another I split open the head of "an óffloer who was* trying to rally ,the. artillory detaobmont. in tho rear, and then what of us wore left wont smack through the stragglers, ' cutting and ? slashing liko' fiends, right straight at the column of cavalry drawn up behind, tho battery. What hap-. pened then, say you ? I can't tell you muoh moro than this, that they were round like a swarm of boes, and we, not more seemingly than' a oouple of dozen of us to tho fore, wero hacking and hewing away our hardest, eaoh individual man the centro of a separate meleo. I, i ¿ow I never troubled about guards myself, but . kept whirling the axo about me, every how and then bringing it down to some purpose, and ever as it fell the' Ruskies gave ground, but only to crush denser round me a minuto after. Still nothing seemed to touch mo. They dursn't come to close quarters with the sword, for the axe had a devil of a long reach, and they.dursn't use pistols, for they were too thick themselves. ' I'm hanged if I don't think £ should have beon thero till now, had I not chanced to hear above the din a trum- pet from somewhere far in the rear sound ' Threes about.' Round I wheeled, still slashing - about mo like a windmill, slap through the heart of the battery again, knooking over an artilleryman or two as I passed, and presently overtook a small batch of men of various regiments, who, under Colonel Sewell, of the 8th, were trying to re- treat in some kind of order. I was as sober as a bishop by this time, take my word for it, and I joined them right cheerfully, but the chanoes of getting book again to dur own side of the valley looked very blue. The Russian cavalry were hard on ourhoels, and we suffered sorely from the devilish ' battery, in our rear, whioh kept pelting into the thick of us, without much discrimination between friend and foe. 1 ho guns on those forts on oar left, out of whioh the cowardly Turks had sneaked, and whioh had been ttounoed upon by the Eussions, were not doing us muoh good noithor, I nssuro you, and it was all the world liko being between the devil and the deep Boa. Soon what little formation we had got was knooked to pieces, and then the word was ' Every man for himself, and God help the hindmost.' A young fellow of the 11th Hussars and myself hung together for a while, both of us trying to make the moat of our blown and jaded horses, but at last he went, his horse shot under him and himself wounded. Aa tho lad's busby rolled off, when his head touched the ground, he gave a look at me which wont to my heart, rough as I was, God pity him 1: ho was little more than a boy, and I had "a: mother myself once. I was out of the saddle In a twinkling-, and hid him aorois the holsters and myself in the' seat again only! just in timi), for the damnable Goasneks were down upon un liko so many wolves. Oh ! he waa a good plucked ono was that little Russian horse ; right gamely did he struggle with the double load on hie book-and hurrah I hore were the heavies at last,'and we are safe. . AB I was riding to the roar to givo the wounded man up to the dootor, I passed close under the staff, who wero on the brow of the hill above me, but there was no notice taken of mo that I peroelvod. I rode up to our own oninp, and by and by a ser- geant oamo and made a prisoner of mo for the orimo of breaking out of the guard tent whon oonfined thoroto-a sorious, military offeroo, I can tell you. I wasn't shot for it, though, for next day I was brought in front of Luoan, who was -in oommand of tho cavalry, and who told me that although he had a good mind to try mo by court martial, as he said I cortainly deserved, he would let me off this time in consideration of the use I bad made of tho liberty 1 had taken, and perhaps ho would do moro for me if I kept sobor. And that's how, Sir, I oamo by this little medal, whioh is Britain's reward for distinguished oonduot in tho field. Thank you, Sir, I'll bo euro to drink your health." On Ma; 7, an attempt at murder and a suloids was .committed In tlio house of M. Kronigsnntcr, a Jowled lunkor, formerly a drputy for Parle lile ratet, a Gor- man, wiro had been many yearn in his Berrico, fell vio- lently In lovo with nn English girl, his wlfo'o lady's maid, Bho Riwo him no cnorurngoment, rind his mas- ter, hearing tlint his Inleutlons wcro annoying to her, eillod him Into his study, and told him ho must lot her nlnnc. Tho valet answered that ho did not seo that his miBtor hod anything to do with his private affairs. Im- mediately on ImVlng M. Kkonigswnter's room ho inri th) Kogllsh lady's maid, and pulling a revolver from bis pocket fl rod at her, and wounded her vory seriously. Mo fired « second barrel into hit ona bart sad fo l dead« 