CURRENT TOPICS. The sittings of the Insolvent Court will be resumed this morning. A meeting of the members of the Gee long Rifle Club is to be held this evening,' at the Victoria Hotel. The annual meeting of the members of: the Corio Cricket Club, is, we understand,: to be held on Friday next. Nothing has yet been done to render the ground tit for play. If this is not attended to at once, it will be useless holding meetings, for there will be no cricket. The fourth of the series of entertain ments at the Industrial Schools will take place to-night, at half-past 6 o'clock. Cap tain . Volum has kindly consented to take the chair. Some years ago when the Lancashire troupe of bellringers first visited Victoria, their exquisite playing on the bells created quite a furore in the colonial musical world, no praise was deemed too much for them, and thousands rushed to hear them. Little did we then think that in a short time we should have to chronicle the debut of a Victorian troupe of campagnolians, atid all of them members of the same family. Such an event has occurred, and last evening the Lynch family consisting of the father and four sons, made their debut before a Gee long audience under the name of the Australian Bellringers. When it became known that this talented troupe would first appear in public in Geelong, there was much speculation as to whether they would be able to hold their own. They possessed many friends, who hating heard them in private had every confidence in them, but many dreaded they would, on their first appearance in public be too nervous to excel in their delicate art. We feel hound to gay they have realised the most sanguine expectations—fatber.mdsons—tbcyoungest of whom is only eight years, played with a skill and confidence that took everybody by surprise, and ' but for a certain " gauckerie " in coining on to aud leaving the stage, a fault which all performers, on their first appearance in public are liable to, one would have imagine 1 they were regular old stagers. Comparisons are odious, but wc venture to predict, that hi the Lynch family the Lancashire bell ringers will find dangerous rivals, more particularly so as the former play on three different kinds of bells, the Lancashire entertainment being confined solely to the hand-bells. The audience last evening was a good one, but not so numerous as it might have been. Had the hall been crowded, the hand-bells would, we imagine, have sounded much better; as it was they were sometimes too piercing. The audience, however, signified their approval by loud plaudits at the conclusion of each melody, and oh several occassions the performers were enthusiastically . encored. Master William Lynch, a child eight years of age,; - achieved a perfect triumph. He was singularly cool for a child so young, and played with an ear nestness that showed he was wrapped up in the music." He "did not "during "the -whole, of the programme make a single mistake. The troupe, when playing on the handbells, were singularly successful in the •' White Cockade," and fairly brought down the hou=e in ! their, imitation of the ' bagpipes, the music in tfiis imitation being more agreeable than that discoursed by the original instruments, save and except to the ears of a thorough Highlander.. On the stand bells, Mr H. Lynch, sen., and II. Lynch, were indeed worth hearing in " The Campbells are coming," and " Garry Owen ;" H. Lynch and his brother, K. Lynch, also, meeting with applause when, on the same bells, they played selections from Norma, La Sonnambula; and the Kraviock Quadrilles.' Onc of the greatest novelties of the enter tainment was the clock bells and concer tina,.Master William Lynch playing with . great . accuracy on the clock bells, Our space does not admit of a lengthened criticism, suffice it to say the entertainment of itself is well worth hearing, and further deserves the patronage of all admirers of local talent. A.telegram from Queenscliff informs us that the result of the Borough election is— Stoneman, GO; Craig, 41. The dinner which is to be given to Mr P. Lalor, M.L.A., at Queenscliff on Thurs day, promises to be a great success. A number of members of Parliament have signified their intention ot being present, and we hear that such i» also the intention of a number of Mr Lalor's . friends and admirers throughout the county. As re gards the people of Queenscliff, they are certain to be well represented on the occa sion, as Mr Lalor has invariably been their favorite representative. The dinner is to be held at Leihy's Royal Hotel, and the reputation of the host and hostess as caterers is a sufficient guarantee. that great culinary skill will be displayed in the pre paration of the banquet. The rain appears to hare been very; partial, none having yet fallen in the Duck Ponds-and Little River district. This drought has done serious injury, and many are disposed to believe that even were the rain to come, it-could not now do any good. It is to he hoped this surmise is riot correct, as a great breadth of land has been sown. *: Consumers : of hay at Belmont and German Town have long had reason to complain of the inconvenience they are put to on account of the weigh-bridge in town being too distant, and steps are about to he taken to afford them some relief. A number of the members of the South Barwon Council are now in favour of the establishment of a weigh-bridge at the toll gate, and we understand Councillor Benari intends to make a proposition that a weigh bridge be there established. The magistrates in attendance at the Kewtown and Chilwell Police Court yes terday were Messrs Champion and Car michael. There was no business for them to transact. The Australasian writes—By themerefiat Qf thf* ATinictog-o£Xnptlo-rtnd-Burnyy; tllC? Amending Land Act of 1865 has been further amended to an'extraordinary extent. The operation of the 42nd clause has been extended to all lands within thirty miles of any,gold field, the license fee has been re duced to 2s an acre, and the quantity of land that may be taken up is fixed at a maximum of 160 acres.' The Legislative Assembly, so sensitive of .its rights, or its assumed rights, in regard to the power of the purse, witnesses the usurpation of the j functions of Parliament by the Executive without a murmur! It is satisfactory to state the tea meeting' recently held in the Mechanics' Institute in connection with the Bible "Woman Agency was, pecuniarily, a success. The amount received for tickets, admission money, and by the collection made in the' hall, was LoO 3s 3d; this amount was further increased to £88 0s Id by the fol lowing donations, viz, Wesleyan Church £12 os, St. George's £5 18s, Baptist £o, United Presbyterian £2 10s, Hon. T. Learmonth' £10, Mesdames Paton and Scott and a friend,' each 10s, and small subscriptions amounting to 13s lOd. The total expenditure was £9 8s, , leaving a balance to credit of £78 12s Id, a" nice little sum," but one we hope to see ma terially increased by the canvass about to be made. ..' The Otago,Witness supplies the follow ing information with respect to the Keera, a boat well known in GeelongThe screw steamer Keera has been hauled up a little to the south of the Pelichet Bay jetty, just where the Lady of the Lake was originally put together, and the Peninsula was subse quently built. The Keera has been put upon a pair of very fine ways; and work men of Messrs Kincaid, M'Qneen and Co., the contractors for lengthening her, have cut or removed the rivets so'as to allow of the -boat being severed a little forward of the centre. The new frames are all on the ground beside the vessel, and most of them are ready for being put into position. it is satisfactory to be able to settle, says a Melbourne journal, the doubt as to the real existence of " Dominick Dillon," whom many sceptics for a long while persisted in regarding as being as much a myth as "Mrs Gamp's friend, Mrs Harris. "\Ve read in the Kyneton Guardian." Mr Dominick Dil lon, whose name has been so prominently before the public of late in connexion with a charge of corruption, preferred' against certain members of the Legislature, ap- , peared at the Malmsbury Police Court, on' Thursday, to show cause why he neglected ! to complywith an order of the" court for payment of an amount due to Mr Swan wick. Mr Dillon stated that he came to Malmsbury expecting to get employment on the waterworks, but had been disap pointed. At the suggestion of Mr Swanwick the bench ordered the debt to be paid by instalments, commencing as soon as de fendant got employment." The evidence of the want of some better supervision of the Chinese in the colony, in order to afford more security to the lives and properties of Europeans, are becoming apparent every day, and in other districts besides our own. An instance of this kind occurred on Sunday morning (says the Bendigo Advertiser) at Inglewood. From information that was forwarded to the police at Sandhurst it appears that for some time past one of the crushing machines at Inglewood had been frequently robbed and Chinamen were the suspected persons.; One of the men belonging to the works and a constable were watch ing the machine on Saturday night and about three o'clock on Sunday morning I two Chinamen were seen entering. The watchers attempted to take them into cus tody, when a desperate struggle ensued. The two Chinamen were armed with stout iron bars, with which they struck at the constable and his assistant, and eventually they effected their escape, leaving both the constable and the other man very severely hurt. The constable especially has received very serious injuries about the head and face from the iron bars used by the China men. The detectives and police of both Inglewood and Sandhurst arc in activ pursuit of the two Chinamen, although it is doubtful if they will succeed in arresting them. ' • The Ballarat Star states :—An experi ment in hop-growing is about to be tried by Mr Thomas "Williams, of Mount Gambier, on a somewhat extensive scale, lie has received about 1000 plants from Tasmania, in good order, and has laid out a portion of land for them, under the care of an experienced hop-grower. A shocking accident recently occurred at the Maryborough Sugar Company's factory •in Queensland, to a young raau named Iladdie. It appears that he was, for some purpose, standing on the ledge of one of the pans, which, at the time, was full of boiling syrup, when one foot slipped, and, in attempting to pick himself up lie slipped .into the pan, the boiling stuff reaching up to his waist. At first his life was des paired of, but now there are hopes of his recovery. The Gladstone Observer of the 27th ultimp, reports—Last week, Messrs Baker, Yallis, and party, of the Calliope, made another heavy lift. Out of one bucket of stuff, forty ounces of gold were obtained. The gold was curiously mixed up with burnt quartz, sandstone, and slate, and was got at a depth of twenty-five feet. The mass was broken up with a pestle, and the jold extracted in the ordinary way. A mysterious piece of practice ou the part of the Lands Office—similar instances of which have often previously formed matter of complaint at different parts of the colony—is thus referred to by the Ararat Advertiser:—" On a former occasion we drew attention to the fact that a section of land situated in the. agricultural area of Watgania was proclaimed open for selectton and actually selected in Melbourne before the notification published in the Gazette was received in Ararat. We have again to revert to a sojnewhat similnr_but_cven more glaring piece of what we cannot characterise as other than having the appearance of jobbery, which has i been perpetrated with land in the same area. The Government - Gazette published in Melbourne on Tuesday, and which only, reached Ararat on Thursday morning contains a list of lands open . for leasing at various land offices, and among the rest of allotments, 128, 128a, 131, 131a, 136, 137, 164, 166, 167, 168, and 169, agricultural ■area of Watgania. This area is situated near Mount William, and the allotments alluded to are distant about twenty miles from Ararat in a south- westerly direction, and the area has of course been hitherto open for selection at Ararat; but strange to say the allotments quoted above were proclaimed open for selection at Stawell, on Wednesday, the 9th inst.—a day before it was possible for anyone in the district to be informed of the fact, except by a private hint from some initiated person in town. I he same Gazette intimates that allotments 132, 133, 1S4, and 135, in the same area of AVatgania, were open for leasing at the land office in Melbourne, on Wednesday, the 9th inst.; why we cannot tell, but surely some explanation is called for. We can do no more than refer to these circumstances; but consider that, on the principle of justice to all parties, suffi cient publicity should be given to all lands open for leasing, and that they should he open for selection at the office originally chosen for the area." ! The Argus states:—Mr Aspinall has written to inform us that the paragraph in1 reference to a recent burglary at his house, which was published on Saturday, was' erroneous; and to express his regret that ladies' names should have been introduced into it. One of the ladies referred to brought assistance to his household most courageously at a time when it was much required, and several of his neighbors showed very great kindness and considera-' tion. The true state of the case, as re ported to the detectives, is that the burglar entered the house by the back-door, and left it open, and that whilst he was assort ing the plate in the diningroom, a pet goat; of the children took the opportunity, and. followed him into the house. The noise made by the goat not only disturbed the family, but terrified the robber, who. was 0_eealescaDin£i,over--tho-iVmoo-bjr ivro-lodJes wlio had heard the alarm." Air Aspinall and the police are perfectly satisfied that there was a burglar in the house, and the; latter have a very good notion who be was. That there was an intruder in the house is put beyond all doubt by the fact that the gas was lowered, and all but extinguished by him, with a view to preventing identifi cation ■ when the alarm was given. Mr Aspinall is annoyed that the generous promptitude and courage displayed by his neighbors should have been represented as uncalled for. AVe may add that we copied, without in any way vouching for, the para graph complained of from our evening con temporary. Mr Fallon, the well known wine mer chant, of Albury, lately sorwarded a choice selection of colonial wines to AAlndsor Castle, in the hope that they would be accepted by Her Majecty, and perhaps ap proved by the guests at the Koyal table. \Are understand that Mr Fallon has by the last mail received letters from Sir John Young, and from General Sir Thomas M" Biddulph, to the effect that Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to accept the present, and to desire that her thanks should be forwarded to Mr Fallon. . A correspondent of. the Armidale Tele-: graph says—" It is. a lamentable sight - to see the owners of apple trees tearing them up by the roots, and, casting them'over their fences when in reality nothing can be more simple than their cure from aphis.' Slightly hare the. roots, then empty pot liquor thereon. The liquor' of salt or corned meat of any kind, even plain brine,; or: salt pickle, will destroy the blight. Lime also is good in a fluid state." xue police in jnc Jbeecliwortli district appear to be acting in a very strauge manner. The Ovens and Murray Ad vertiser says—The following account of a most dastardly act, committed at Violet Town, has reached us - from a perfectly authentic source. If the evidence, that no doubt will be forthcoming, bears it out, whipping is too good for the perpetrator: —" The public feeling has been shocked here at the conduct of one holding a very high position in the police department of yoiihg-Victoria, On the morning of the 3rd instant, and in the presence of at least one subordinate, this officer committed one of the most cowardly and unmanly assaults that ever fell to the lot of any person to pub lish. A*woman who had just been arrestedby the police for disturbing a Court of En quiry that was being held in the Court House, upon her reaching the police yard this" gehflenjan actually threw over her several buckets of cold water just drawn from the well, and in this wretched plight was-'she lodged in the lock-up to brood over the outrage perpetrated by one who ought rather to have protected her from so unjustifiable an assault. " There will be some steps taken in this matter." We are in possession of the name of the person who figures fir the above, and refrain from publishing it only'because the offence is likely to form the subject of an .enquiry. The following account of the wreck of the Taranaki, steamer, is furnished by the Wellington correspondent of the Hawkes Bay Herald, writing under date Aug. 20: —Late last night a telegram was received by submarine cable, stating that at 5.30 last evening, the steamer Taranaki, on her voyage from Wellington (which she1 left same day at 1.30 p.m.) to Picton, Nelson, and Manukau, struck on a rock known as the Beat Harbqur Rock, Tory Channel, 20 miles' from' Picton, The ye6sel lost her propeller, and must 'have had a jjole knocked in her bottom, as by Rtc accounts, ; she was being towed by boats to Bowdcn's Bay, to be stranded tberp, she having then seven feet water in her engine-room, and five feet aft. All the passengers were landed in safety. The Airedale was despatched from here early this morning, to render what assistance she could; also, to take on the passengers, who were vert7 numerous, including several for the North who bad just arrived by the Panama steamer. The N.Z.S.N. Compauy being their own insurers, will sustain a heavy loss by this unfortunate occurrence. ?fc3?ha't of gold tins year from Mary borougucensland, is estimated at GOjbbOis. and this, it is considered, con∋ per cent of silver—a good reis&K; Gympie Creek gold realises suc^fitprice. l||j|Irra Mercury thus reports the captttfeecal:—On Friday last as a partygkaking along the sea shore not far ftomvpatholic burying ground, he percOTednormous monster basking on the sanSjshaving given information to Mr GnOopf this town, he immediately obtaid^a, and proceeded to the spot. As he'ippred where the monster lay it reareajaiirked at him like a dog, hut a coupiiggf-els discharged at its head ' ! istrate. A horse and cait lithe animal was brought to Sence, where a large num ent to inspect it. In length ' it feet eight inches, and ;d several hundredweight. Bd to proceed to Sydney "ijed his miud and liad it jli not totally unknown, the appearan^i seal on this part of the occurrence, and never one been seen of such The TauraSgcorrespondent of the Southern CrosSjL fallen in with Mr Schafer, the celaLd traveller, and after conversation wit%i, tells the following odd story:—"ABgchafer has walked eleven hundred nittin Hew Zealand, and is hy all accounts * extraordinary pedes trian, having acejnlislicd some great feats in that wayftn one case lianng walked six and a im miles in one kJir and twenty-seven mtutes; and in an other, thirty-seven lies in a little less than five hours." liere is, it will lie perceived, a remarkilc discrepancy be tween the " two feats.'l i The Bendigo Adverser of yesterday re g-" --V-—:w-incet\vl row b a dancing saloon:—Early on Sunday min ing a very disgraceful disturbance tW place at the Imperial Hotel, High-strecVn the course of which more than one persoi gut, stabbed, although not seriously. It apt pears that there is a dancing saloon attached\ to the hotel, and in the course of\ the evening of Saturday, there were I a number of men and women I there, and amongst the former, several I Germans. Early in the evening, a dis- I turbance and a fight took place between two brothers named Cox and some of the Ger mans, but the proprietor managed to pacify them. The quarrel was, however, renewed about twelve o'clock, as the saloon was about to be closed, and a fight again took place between the parties. Others joined, and a general and free fight resulted, during which two Germans, it is said, were using knives, and striking about at random. The two men Cox, and another man named Hall, received stabs trom the knives of the Germans. The constable who was on the High-street beat, heariug of the disturb ance, ran to the front of the hotel, and see ing a" man lying on the gutter, whom he was told was one of those who had been stabbed the constable stooped to assist the man, when lie receivcdacut on the wrist from some sharp instrument. lie turned, and was going to run after a man whom he saw 'running away, when the fellow turned round, and, throwing a bottle at tbc con stable, it struck his hat, and rebounding off struck the owner of.the hotel in the face. The fellow managed to make his escape ia the meantime. The assistance of other constables was obtained, and two Germans, named John Hafranz and Frederick IVitc, were arrested, and locked in the lock-up, charged with cutting and wounding. ' Mr J. J. Mechi gives the following cure for the rabbit complaint:—" Farmers never make a greater mistake than when they allow their worst farming to be round a wood. It is precisely there that should be the largest expenditure hi cake and com, and the: greatest amount of manure. Farmers ought to he made aware, if they are not now, that when we have heavily folded a piece of white or red clover, the sheep* having been well supplied with cake, com, malt, combs, bran, and hay, the second growth will he so rich and rank that -it will kiILmanj-_sllcop^Ti.-hctnor lent* or Tat, "Sfidlsalmost certain death to lambs. This applies equally to rabbits. The same re marks apply in degree to pasture or Italian rye-grass, fori dare not use sewage manuit y for the first orjspring-growth when it is in tended for sheep and. lambs. Tlicy cannot stand such rich food, nor can the rabbits. A friend of mine who farms 1200 acres told hie an amusing story about this. Ilis bailiff was desirous to have some rabbits in . a grove, to which my friend waggishly as sented. His fat sheep were closely folded and caked round the grove, and the rabbits soon departed this life. Those who intend following my example of close-folding will do well to take note about the dying of sheep as well as of rabbits. I have a great respect for pheasants and partridges; tliey can hardly be too numerous, and arc the farmers' best frieuds. Of course the pheasants should he fed in covert." Experiments on a small scale are, says the llockhauipton Bulletin, now being made here on the fibre of the banana plant, which . fully hear: out the opinion of its adaptability for twine and rope. AVe have been shown a nice specimen of cord, consisting of four strands, neatly plaited, and about the thickness of small twine. It has resisted all. efforts to break it by mere effort of hand. AVc have not had time to test its' entire power, hut the amateur manufacturer ..trom. whom .we received the specimen • declared it was strong enough "to hang a man." Each fibre, when" properly . prepared, is exceed ingly fine and tough, a combination of qualities that renders this plant valuable for the most delicate, as well as the strongest workJ A correspondent of the Ingle wood Ad vertiser .thus chronicles an extraordinary find of nuggets near Kingower:—"The crop of potato nuggets at the new rush at Berlin continues to give a capital yield. Yesterday (the 8th inst.) one of 24oz was brought to' light by Mr "W. Prentice, be sides others of 3oz,' loz, &c.; Tprday one of; between 21b and 3lb weight was found by Mr John "Wilcox; another, of 4oz, Mr Prentice again; and several ranging from loz to 3oz. It is supposed, moreover, that some-others have been brought to light, and yet, strange. to say, have been kept dark. I saw the ,24oz one yesterday—a solid lumpy piece, very much waterworn, with a nige sticky feel about it I surren dered it with a sigh. About 60 men are at ■work at Clelland's Gully. The' 'gully i? small, but there is any amount of likely? looking ground over the range, right away to. the Jordan, which might well repay the prospecting. Two or three Inglewood men have had moderate luck." . : .In the-Assembly, at Wellington, on Thursday, 15 th August, -Mete Kingi, wlip was about-.to .proceed next morning to Wangauui, made the following statement t^ the House;—The word I sland up lor at this present time is on account of a letter I have ■ received from my people; informing me that 300 men had agreed to go and fight Tittikuwharo. They have asked me to go there and see them start. I heard a word proceeding from thp Assembly that the war ouglit to. he put a stop tp. It is a ygry gfiod word. What cap'be done now,'.'seeing there is so much evil in the Maori; -They are taken to prison to repout, but they do not repent. You remember the prisoners who were brought hither by- me and im prisoned in a bulk at "Wellington. They swam ashore. You made up your mind to send them to the Chatham Islands They have escaped and come back. If you sent prisoners to England they might there get steamer and coinc back. (Laughter and cheers.) I made peace with Titukuwliaro. He said he would commit no murders. The •hiefs of'Wahgam'u caine to seethe Go vernor, who told'thcm to cultivate the arts of peace. It has becii determined by the Wangauui natives to send 300 out of tlieir 800 men against Titukuwbaro. They might not be able to catch him. I know that he and bis party arc not living in pas but in the woods. It may not he possible to catch him. But unless the present affair is put down the flame may spread to all parts of the island. The Maories asked for one law for Maori and Pakehs. They also asked for roads, the roads leading to Pakelia",settlements are made; those to Maori settlements are not kept in repair. Make known your language in this respect. There is one thing about which I am dark, and that is, the newspapers are not printed in the Maori language, so that we might know how good the work of the Pakelia is. and the word of the members of that House. I am about to start by the steamer to-morrow to see my people go away. Our attention was attracted,' says the Mount Alexander Mail, yesterday, by some ginger-beer bottles, made by Mr Guthrie, of Sandhurst. The parcel included some butter jars and other articles, and it is a proof, of the success which the manufac turer has attained that the proprietor is able to sell the former at 7s a gross less than is charged for the imported article, tbe duty on which amounts to 2s a gross. Sir Guthrie sends some £200 worth a month to Melbourne, and we mention the fact not for the purpose of advertising him, hut as a sthnulous to local, enterprise. Some time ago Air Hirscbi embarked in the business, when there was little or no de mand for the article, arid we bave'it on the best authority that Castlemaine is quite as rich in suitable clays as Sandhurst. .■ The Northern Argus thus reports' of sugar-growing in the Rockhnmpton; dis trict -'Some magnificent specimens of the plain and ribbon sugar-cane, from the plantation of Messrs Davidson and Co, on the Mackay, have been brought down by Mr R. H. D. "White. and appear to be of as ! good a quality'as any. yet exhibited in Maryborough. The stems of the plain cane are nearly 15ft. in length, and those of the ribbon cane Sft. or 9ft. The planta tion from which they were taken embraces • over 240 acres under crop, for which ma chinery is erected at a cost not under £G000. The sheds ,are over' 300ft. in length, and. crushing is expected shortly to commence. ' The' cultivation of the cane has been almost entirely under South Sea Island labour, which has' answered far be yond the most sanguine expectation of the employer. The men "are reported to be happy, contented, well pleased with their occupation, and most satisfied with their slavery 1 The Mackay district is evidently fated to be a great sugar and cotton district, and at no very distant date we may expect to find not only a very large population settled upon its land, but ex ports rivalling in magnitude and impor tance that of wheat from America or rice from India. The climate and soil seem perfectly favorable to the growth of every thing. All cultivations, from maize to grapes, thrive admirably and yield abun dantly; the soil is loamy and of consi derable depth, resembling in some measure that on the north side of the Fitzroy River. A\'e think it is high time for some of the farming residents there to try their hands and lands at sugar-cane; the ground is unequalled in richness and of a character suitable for tropical productions; at all events it is worth trying. Maryborough cane is grown on exactly- similar soil, and what we have seen is quite equal to any in the colony. The day is not so far distant when wool, tallow, hides, and gold will cease to be the great exports of the north. "A daring outrage," reports the Rive rine Herald, " was committed on Thursday morning, between. 2 and 3 o'clock^ by two ruffians on the Moaiua-road, who suc ceeded in robbing Mr Maunsell, the police magistrate of the Hew South Wales border town, and nearly strangling. him. It appears that Mr Maunsell was returning home from a parly in Echuca, and on crossing the pontoon bridge observed three men standing near the approach to the bridge. One of them stood a little apart from the others, who followed him and asked him several questions—such as whether he had any work for them, or whether he could procure them any. II e ceiving replies in the negative, they dogged him until a short distance past the cordial manuiactoiy of Mr Freeman, where the pathway by the river descends into the hollow of the Horseshoe Lagoon. They then came up with him, and both of them seizing him at the same moment, oue by the throat and the other by the leg, threw him to the ground. One of them—a tall and very powerful man—grasped him by the throat, and held liim down, while the other rilled his pockets. In order to get at his watch the man who was holding him had to relax'his grasp, when Mr Maunsell by a sudden movement, and with a gre-at effort, succeeded in throwing him off. The other man, however, immediately seized him and kept him down, and the tall ruffian, on recovering himself, again grasped his throat in such a savage manner that Mr Maunsell begged him not to murder him, and said he would give up his property quietfy if he would let go his hold. Instead of doing so, however, the fellow increased the strength of his gripe; and Mr Maunsell—whose throat shows the signs of the severe treatment he received— declares he believes he would have killed him had it not been for the other man, who exerted himself to prevent him from doin_ so. After a quarter of an hour*s struggle, during which they robbed him of all the property he had about him, consisting of a very valuable gold watch and seal, a guard chain, a pen-knife, and three or four shil lings, the scoundrels left him. For nearly tweuty minutes he was unable to rise, in consequence of the rough handling he had received. The two men have been arrested, and remanded to Moama, charged with the outrage." The Rockhompton. Bulletin furnishes the following proof of endurance on the part of a young child" A child, aged two and a-half years, the son of James Delany, orderly to the Gold Commissioner, strayed from home on Saturday morning, nnd was seen by two men during the day near Gavial Creek. Search was'made, "but the child was not found- until early yester day morning, when he was discovered by the same men, following in the/ track of some cows, in Brown's paddock, below the creek. He was taken home, and Was" shortly afterwards seen by Dr Callaghan. Callaghan. The child is of a fine healthy constitution, and does dot appear to have suffered severely during the two days and two nights exposure. . .. What an agreeable , place Conaigo must he to live in. " The correspondent of the Pastoral Times saysThere is also much want of police protection, as rows are con tinually occurring here.- ' Cadman - the, carrier, assaulted several persons, and abused Airs MacdougallJ of the inn, in a shameful manner. Taylor, the publican, of Deniliquin, paid Conargo a. visit, and assaulted a num. named u Scott}-," cutting tis face fearfully. It appears that Taylor wears a'ring in order, to''cut and 'iuainr bis victims, by which means he assaulted poor. "Scotty," who" though a man in years,. ■would have thrashed the Deniliquin black-_ guard (Taylor),:only.the.latter would not light fairly. .The other , day Mr Hunt passed here. He had a wound in hisneck, done by Taylors using a knife in a scuffle with Mr Hunt. The doctor who attended Mr Hunt says that the wound was close to ph'e'of the principal arteries of the neck,; and if the arteiy had been severed the victim must have died iii a few minutes. Mr Hunt had a narrow escape of Bis life. He returned to Deniliquin to prosecute Taylor, whose friends interfered, and the Jhatter was hushed: up. Shearing is be came general, " ; The following details regarding the Flax Works recently established at T oko wainro are given by the Bruce: Herald of September 4th :—" lYc lately had occasion to notice the progress of the Tokomairiro Rax Works, and we then stated it was proposed to remove the engine and plant to a more suitable site.- ~ This'has been eticcted; and we arc glad to hear that the capabilities of the mill have been increased, so that a greater quantity of prepared flax can now be made at a reduced expense. The enterprising company are now en gaged in majdng preliminary arrangements for the manufacture of rope of all kinds, and matting suitable for rooms, lobbies, &c.; An experienced rope-spinner from Sydney has been engaged to conduct the former, and a loom is now being made in Milton ftr ''fg manufacture of the latter, on the , J5™? principle as the cocea matting now * sold iii the stores. We trust that the im portation and, use of the foreign production will be superseded by the locally manufac tured article, which the company intend selling at from 2s Gd to 4s per yard, of various colors and patterns, whereas the cocoa-nut matting sells at Gs Gd per yard. Those who can afford to carpet their rooms with the genuine Kidderminster and Brus sels, must for a time be content with what is imported and sold by the upholsterers of the place, as it is perhaps premature to ex pect such a local manufacture at present."' The - earthquake wave destroyed a good deal of property at Banks Peninsula. The Press writes:—" On Saturday morning'the • inhabitants of the various bays of the Pen insula were aroused-at an early hour by an extraordinary irruption of the sea, rolling with fearful force up the various bays and tidal rivers, carrying away bridges, fences, and everything else obstructing its course. There was no apparent agitation of the ocean, the sea appeared perfectly calm, and and the tide receded to an extraordinary distance. The very rapid flow and. ebb at very irregular intervals, varying from fifteen mimutes to an hour, continued throughout the day, and were such as. had never , been witnessed here before. The highest rise occurred about the time of high water, and it was estimated at not less than twenty-five^ feet from the lowest to the highest level of the water during the time the phenomenon continued. In Okain" bay, at two miles distance from the sea, the water rose over the top of the fences, com pletely inundating the lower portions of' the locality. Very considerable damage has been done to both public and private property, and unfortunately many thousand feet of timber and posts and rails, &c.;, have been irrecoverably washed away. In several cases, the inhabitants had to leave their homes, and take refuge in the hills. In one or two cases, the houses were .destroyed or washed away. A very distinct shock of earthquake was felt during the forenoon on -Monday." - • - < "The Lady Bay Pishing Copartnership are now prepared," says the AVarrnambool Examiner, " to supply their customers with fish. Sufficient quantities have been cured tu justify this announcement. They have been obtained from Curdie's River, Lady Bay, and elsewhere. The fish comprise bream, mullet, and salmon trout, to which trumpeter may shortly be added. In ad dition to Curdie's River, operations will probably be soon extended to Port Camp bell. A large quantity would have been caught in Lady Bay, but the nets specially made for fishing there have been taken to Curdie's River, and new nets are now being prepared. If all goes well, a constant sup ply will be available, and the copartnership will have the merit of having established an addition to the industries already.existing in AVarrnambool." The Brisbane correspondent "of the Queensland Times gives the following par ticulars of Count.Vcn Atterns:-—A story, which I believe is quite true, is told of the counterfeit Count Von Attems, which goes a little way in itself to show that he was an impostor.. The Count honored a ball given here during his visit with his pre sence, and lamented, with a most lugu brious countenance, to a lady that he was put about for a lack of funds—not, how ever, that he wanted the lady to lend him any, but by way of braggadocio. " My dear madam, I can assure you zat I have only got six sousand pounds to last me for a von fortnight, and I veel quite miser able." He paid the owner of the Hamlet's Ghost for the yacht, but I am afraid got the money, on the strength of certain papers, from another Brisbane gentleman. The Count was very profuse with " his money both here and on the way from Sydney, and " shouted " champagne in the most extravagant manner. He took away with him as captain of his yacht Mr Hamlyn, late of the Q.S.V. Co's service, but they fell out at Rockbampton and sepa rated. A young gentleman threw up his situation in the Custom-house to go with the Count, but he also left the yacht at Rockbampton, and is either back or on his way back. There is very little doubt we shall hear of the " Ghost" before she gets to Batavia; supposing that to be her desti nation ; for she is a ginicrack craft, and it is unlikely the new owner would care to ; far from land in her. The manager, of the Break o' Day Gold Mining Company reports :—We have 76oz 19dwt for the week, making ISSoz 19dwt for the fortnight. There has been no rain here yet, we are consequently without water to wash a larger quantity of stuff than we are at present doing.. The main drive at No. 2 tunnel is within 120 feet of the old workings at Vo. 1 tunnel. We are only as yet cutting open the ground ready for operating on a larger quantity of stuff when we have water. The Secretary of the Geelong Protestant Orphan Asylum has pleasure in acknow ledging receipt of £2 from Captain Shep herd, of the ship George Thomson, per Mr Geoghegan. 