JANET LEE. A STORY OF FIFTY YEARS AGO. [By W. B. JARDANNE.] Dissent has, always held a very different place in Scotland from that which it holds in England. There it is separated, almost uni- versally, by a great gulph in the forms? both of government, and worship from the National Church, while to a Scotsman it presents itself, ? in outward appearance at least, merely as a variety in the forms established by law. And though the day may not be far distant when this difference may be much modified, it still exists sufficiently to cause a considerable di- versity in the tone of society upon this subject in the two countries. For whatever grudge maybe entertained between a parish minister in Scotland and his dissenting brethren, there is nothing of that tone of contempt with which Englishmen not unfrequently speak of all who are not within the pale of "the Church.'' And, however it may be now that Scotch Dissent is multiplied exceedingly, between Robert Mal- colm and Andrew Lee, the representatives fifty years ago of Establishment and Dissent in Mossmuir, nothing but goodwill prevailed. And though the latter had a smaller kirk, and more poorly furnished manse, as well as a less numerous and influential congregation than his beneficed brother, he was not less esteemed by the general community, nor less affectionately regarded by his especial flock. I would fain try to introduce my reader to the quiet little household in the Secession Manse of Mossmuir. Let him then look with me into it on a sunny forenoon in spring. It is Monday, the clergyman's Sabbath of rest after his Sabbath of duty, and Mr. Lee is taking his ease in a dressing-gown which has evidently seen lengthened service. With spec- tacles on nose he is studying the Fortdivit Chronicle, published a fortnight previously. His kindly face bears traces of time and sor- row, but is lit up with that mellowed cheerful light which alone makes old age beautiful. Trial and sorrow work wonderfully and sadly and the looks of both Mr. Lee and his daughter, much belie their ages. He looks between sixty and seventy, while it is not many years since he celebrated, his fiftieth birthday ; and she — who would guess that with her placid, thoughtful brows, and firm, quiet lips, Janet Lee was but eighteen ? But so it is. Death has early snatched from her well nigh all her heart treasures — a sister playmate, a baby brother, the pride and joy of her heart, and, last of all, the tender mother, herself. All were taken from her ere she had well reached girlhood ; and now, a woman before her time, she had already been for some years at the head of her father's small household. But Janet can smile too, and is doing so now, as with a half-reproving look she listens to the playful sallies of her younger companion, Helen Grainger, who sits on a stool at her feet, engaged, though not with any excessive industry, on some plain needlework. She seems to think it necessary to receive half- chidingly the whispered references of her com- panion to sundry glances ''the Laird'' had, cast yesterday at the minister's pew. "Hoot, Nellie,'' she checks her with, mindi your work; and let thae fulish thoughts alane.'' But still her own mind seems to run on the Laird, for within a few minutes she is confidentially consulting with Nellie as to ''what can hae brought the Laird to our kirk ?'' And no wonder though it puzzle the young pair to de- termine, for it has puzzled their elderly friend before them. When on the Sunday afternoon, after seating himself in the pulpit and adjusting his spectacles, Mr. Lee, leisurely surveyed his little flock, he was astonished to observe, in the corner of a back pew, a stranger of superior appearance and attire, whom, with- out knowing, he had no difficulty in distinguish- ing as ''the new laird.'' And the worthy man may be excused for a little trepidation as he turned up his text, speedily, however, banished by the remembrance of the Divine Master whose he was and whom he served. But that the reader may understand a little of so important a person as ''the new laird,'' I must explain somewhat concerning him. He is no less, then, than the proprietor of the fine small estate of Dunley, whose lands lie around Mossmuir, and whose mansion-house is not above a mile from the village. Yet though the Munroes had for centuries, pos- sessed the estates of Dunley, the person of the present proprietor has been, till within about a week of the time which I write, un- known in the district. An only child of parents who died while he was but an infant, he was brought up and educated far from his paternal home ; and his lands were thus for many years managed by Stephen Grant, a lawyer of whom Mossmuir was not a little proud, while his silent mansion was under the charge of Mrs. Whitecross, the family housekeeper. After an absence of twenty years in India, Major Munroe had returned now, a man in the prime of life — a stranger to the home of his fathers. No wonder,' then, that his arrival had created some sensa- tion in the quiet little village, whose every inhabitant, from Lawyer Grant in his three story house in High-street, to Granny Stubbs in her cottage on the hill, seemed to consider themselves personally interested in ''the Laird.'' His appearance, manners, politics and religion, everything in short about him, from the color of his hair to the size of his shoebuckles, was minutely dis- cussed at the tea-table and inglesides of Mossmuir, and while his humbler friends had contented themselves with cheering his carriage as it passed through the village on its way to ''the White House,'' the more pre- tentious of his future neighbors had lost no time in presenting themselves at Dunley. Mrs. Grant was quite nervously anxious lest Mr. Robertson, the village surgeon, should anticipate her husband and herself in paying their respects to the Laird ; while Mrs. Malcolm had not allowed the parish minister to be behind in civility, and took with her, much to the scandal of Miss Primrose, the village autocrat, her eldest daughter Alice, a promising young lady of eighteen. But though several of his friends had urged him to it, nothing would persuade Mr. Lee !o make advances to the new comer. "Na,na, Nellie,'' he said, as his niece playfully pressed him to go, ''the Laird will gang to the Auld Kirk, no doubt, an' I would not seem to draw him from it.'' So it was little wonder though Mr. Lee and his household felt some surprise at seeing, on the preced- ed Sabbath afternoon, the Laird sitting an attentive listener in a baok pew of the little Seceder church. But returning to the study parlor of our manse. The little group were occupied, as I have described, and had been sitting for some time almost in silence, when a knock was heard at the door, and presently Betty ushered in a stranger. He was tall and handsomely made, with a half- military style of dress, and it needed no second glance to assure Janet, despite her astonishment at such a circumstance, that ''the new Laird'' stood before her ; but the latter speedily broke the ice by an easy intro- duction of himself, and proceeded to explain the reason of his visit. ''Though I have not before had the pleasure of your acquaintance, Mr. Lee,'' he said, "you seem quite familiar to me — I have heard of you so frequently from a very dear friend of mine, Colonel Maxwell.'' ,' V Ybs, I remember; ' him Well; Willie Maxwell,, my pupil at Grimstpne; but hemust now be- getting up in years, for I- was then but yotudg. . myself. I remember him very well.: I hope, he is well land prbspjeriDg.V^. He iB both,;Ii caii , assure., you,^1: returned. Major1 'Muilroe, '\ and he' charged me withthis letter to 'giye1 you at my earliest. convenience^ I, should have presented it -last; weekj but I'expected to have seenr you with the test of my neighbbrs at Dunley ;' arid1 so the ' conversation flowed on in the smooth charinelsbf true easy politeness which marked the = manners not less of the country minister1 than of the polished Major. Mr Lee introduced, his daughter, and niece,; and to them, ,as to himself ,; Major Mubroe's manners/ were courteous arid igreeable'j alike, rempved frbm supercilicusriess and familiarity. He talked to them of his past life and future prospects; and intentions ; and drew from them their occupations and pursuits ; expressing ^as much iritSrest in all the affair^ of the neigh boifhpod bb if vhehad resided among them for .years. ?-.?' .: :? ?; ?' ???? .- . ?? ; ? ; ? ?? ?? ?-'? ';?? . :- 'i ? . , When, after engaging the whole party to dine withhim on the- following Thursdayi he' took his leave, he left an impression evidently i highly favorable on the minds of all. Mr, Lee was charmed withhis general good sense, and iCorreofc views on political views in particular. ?Nellie' was in raptures with his noble 'figure and bearing, his deep' blue eyes and rich ruddy brown hair;;, and Janet, though she said less, seemed far from displeasod with the agreeable Major. But as to going to Dunley she had many scruples, ,,;w,hich i all Nellie's, eagerness' ? could riot.overcome. :, Mr Lee, however, whose; : simple' mind was not given to seeing liona.iii' .the, way, overrule^all;)ier.. objection^ ; so- that when Thursday ,'.came ,all three .found them- : selves seated at. Major Munroe's 'dinner table. After some hesitation Janet w^Npreypilecl, upon' to aot as mistress, a position which, net withstanding Nellie's sly glances, she 'filled' with an easy, ranaffeoted dignity, noj;' indeed .unworthy the stately ladies ;who looked down on j;h'e: little party out of '. their dim massive ; frames. She certainly looked 'beautiful aiter ! u quiet sweet manner that claimed witho,afc cbiji-' .pelling admiratipn, her tight-fitting fawnr: colored. dress iadmirably Betting off 'her fine1 figure and delicate complexion/ Indeed, Nellie, who had rigged herself but in her gayest ribbops, , pronounced her as Bhe was. dressing, ', quite v fit to be a ! lady.' Dinned ovbr, 'Major.Munroe ushered hia ; soli tary lady gue'ats into, the stately, old-fashioned \- drawing-room, recommending them to, -Mrs Whitecross'B ? attentions, and begging them \6j ainuse themselves without ceremony. This ? thev prcceeded to do by inspecting the apart- ; men!t,Twho8e .dingy satin hangings 'and, 'stiff ^ j ancient furniture seemed to people it with the ghostB of the iptistj in, spite of the crackling' .fire jojE logs that blazed up the wide chimney,: aridiglittered on the brass of the irons, and did its best to give in air::p|l life to the long desQ-i late^oom. .„ They examined everything of in terest, from ; the ; few dusty volumes, chiefly gifts, to ladies'ofthe family from admirers long, since , forgotten, to the ; Indian curiosities the ? Major .had brought with him ; and at length Janets haying discovered a copy of ,' Quarles,,!'.| gave; herself up to bis Btrapge, conceits; iwhile' ; Nellie tookrefuge in a jingling old harpsiohord?' whoee time -atained keys had in all probability been last pouched by 'fingers now 'turned to 'dust; They wera hot, however, long loft to themselves;. the. gentlemen soon jeined them,, and the remainder, of the time was pcoupied in, inspecting the^mprpyeinents already begun, and j;ho t'.etill more numerous ones planned in and | around the old house of Dunley. Th'e, Major was full of the changes tie was to work. ' It j would soon be , a new plrfce, ho hoped/1 and j the Lees could find no fault with any ' changes which lefl; them bo agreeable a neigh bor. | /,. ''.. ' ... i ',;',',' '.\ ,' .',''.'..'. Time passed on, and tho Laird did not forge,t his friends of tho Seceder manse. Many werethe preafinta of fruit, game, -fco., whioh found their, way' there* i Spon Major Munroe found that Mr Lee agreed so perfeotly with him in politics and eYerjthuig else, that he . made it very frequbiftiyjcbnveriieiity'ib pass an jve^ning^witlT.tiui_;, aridi uWhile,he. still adhered. to the Established Church, waa very frequently to be seen of an afternoon in the lesser edifice where Mr Leo officiated. And so time passed, and everywhere, through all the various circles, might be' heard discussed, with e'yery shade of t! charitable or unchfiritabla criticism, the undis guised attention which Major Munroe paid the Lees.- One evening, M, .the winds ,\^ere howl- ; ing outside like a pack of .hungry wolves, the' little family of the Secession :Manee sat around* the blazing fire, in tranquil enjoyment of fire side'comfbrts.1 Mr Lee was deep inone of his favorite theologians, and the girls were both busied knitting,. when the . former broke the silence 'by j remarking, as he laid the book on niSjknee, /'.What a grand argument for elec tion !,? Hew I wish .Major MuDroe werehereio see it ! By the way i - Janet,' what's become of ; tiiiri ? ' It'e.near a/fbrnight siri' , he was down. I wish: he be,,well.' .;.,' ?'.Hewas in the kirk last Sabbath^' replied Janet quietly, 'an' it's only ten days sin' he speered ! at the door for your rheumatismi' ..?« Maybeij' replied ihe bidmari, fbr so hia appearance, if not ? hia years, war rant us in. calh'ng him, ' Mayb6, but if it's bny better tc;morrow I iriaunv, go and speer for bim. What a night .it j is 1 ; . Pity, '. any ,,peor , creature out.':; .-? ?'??? '.-'.-a i. .??; : .-': . ,.'.?????'? i Just as he spoke a knock was heard, at the dobr. ' Andrew ' Johnstone /was dying j and wanted to see the minister, was the message. Mr Lee prepared unhesitatingly to follow the nieBsehger. So there was nothing for them buty after wrapping round him his well-worn cloak, and seeing him disappear in the dark nesB, to return alone tor the blazing 'hearth. They had not sat long when Nellie, laying her hand on her companion's knee, and looking in her face with an arch smile, said,. in a meri-y, bantering tbneTf-1' Come, now ' Janet, I'm sure ye ken how Major Munroe hasna been here 1 ye needna look so innocent ; I saw .you blush whfen uriole speered.' ';..' An' if I do ken, am I bound | te tell?' replied her friend with an attempt, at gaiety, but an evident constraint. 'lYes, 'Janet, I think ye might tell me,' pleaded Nelhe; ''am I :no your sister, an' nearly a woman now?' and she flung one:arm round her companion's .neck. ,' Then you may guess a reajson ,|' returned/ Janet, without looking up. ... A,' Bilence of, a few seconds fol . lowed, and then Nellie, as if unable to enter tain the possiUility of Buch an idea, iriquiredr ' He, never, surely aBked- ye, and ye refused him ?', MAyj Nellie,' returned her companion,' quietly. ' Oh5 Jftnet ,1 an' him. so good; ; an' f ripbie, and ,rich! Refused to be a lady, tJane,t f. Iqanna believe ;it !'' ;: 'Would ye hae hadf'.mei ???:- break my! : word; to another; ?NplUe?-'i;:'Nelliepnly replied, by opening her; blue eyep very. wideirandher. friend continued. 'I may as well tell' ye new, it is right ye 1 should ken it. ' You know yptir brother Walfc'er has grown up with me! like a brother, we hae known every .thought and care o' each other, !so| twhat he asked; mej;lcouldna' refuse.'.1 ;'But why'did I no ken this before, Janet ?,'' rirgeftj Nelly reproachfully. ' Yoa:; were at Portdivit then, an'; I thought you would have, plenty time to hear it. I trust it may na yet be ' f oi: lang, for I ban never lPava .father. But Walter is willing to wait, and he's well worth waiting ior, is he no, darling?' ..- ?'?''..''', The vision of the Laird faded before the image conjured up in Nellie!s, mind of the tall, thoughtful, student brother whom she almost adored, and she embraced Janet with the most - 'sisterly Affection. And so ^ those two sat in. 'ijthe dim firelight, an-i laid plans of hope arid hapiinesB for one and both, when this same student brother B&ould; have, made a home in the .'distant ' city! 'But mind, Nellie,' said . Janet :firmly.,{ '?I'm never to leave father. 'He's' growing old and frail, an' I'm all he has left.;' ^Nellie's brows fell somewhat, but she said nothing for a minute. ' An' does uncle ? ken o' this ?'' she inquired at length. ' To bVjSure. Would I hae made such a promise ^without his consent ? But he has promised no | to '(speak of it, it may - be so long till it 'come;;1 '.An' that; was why I never told ye, but ye'll'^keepit, to yoursel', and now ye know it.' 'VYeocan, surely trust me, Janet,' was all her answer, and she looked meditatively into the ?fire.; '.'., '. '.' ;' .' '.',' . ;' . .... , . .' ? ? Walterand Helen Grainger were- the or phan children of a Bister of Mr Lee, by whom. Itheyhad beiBri Wought up from childhood as .,his| own family, .Walter, who was two years -.oldey,i»s his i sister was two yeai^s younger ?.than'Jarietj1 had been educated in the Btudy of ,'medioirie,' and was' now seeking to establish i a iprabtice, in G-rr-*, the ; nearest oity ; but whioh. waB, in those days of slow and expen '.'Bive -trayelling, quite ' as distant from the little 'ciountry village »b would be n®w the . most remote corner of the kingdoms So the littlo home okole heard but little, and saw Btill less, of 'the s{rni?giing young physician ; but| their faith was strong, and not unfounded in : hitf: integrity and perseverance. And it was (an ujospeakable, comfort; to Janet that ahe. 'could npw talk freely to her companion of :.' that good time coming' whioh both looked ffer in the diin future. Still Nellie did regret the discontinuance of the; Laird's , formerly so frequent visits ; had ihettaked ??hevBhe ;wou]id think, the result wot|lcl;have been rath,er! different. But Major Munroe, whbse heart had been completely 'captivated by the strong, pure nature of Janet, -was! notjone lightly to change his love. The disappointment he felt keenly, but he neither : cherished hope, aor resentment ; he knew tbo ?' well tho character of. the objeot of, hiB, devp 4i,bn|to^beUe^e 'that ate' might be moyed either /by temptation OS persuasion, or to ontertain for a moment thethought that she would wil lingly have, dealt so cruel a blow. But cruel it i^dee^ was, tp him, ,for: these few months hadjb'een, sufficient. to ohange entirely ^ho cur Jr'ent^ of his life; new hopeB, new 'joys had Jsprung to life but lobe blighted in the bud. Audi though for a time, ho bore up manfully, striVingi.-to discharge his quiet oountry dutibs, .and. interest himself in improve* menta , that now1 Boomed robbed ; of all interest ; and beaufcyv all would not do. The good people of Mossrauir, who had so .pbon! observed tho intiinaoy of the Laird with the hbu8ehold;of the Secession Manse, did riot fail i dso to notiae a change in the familiar in t9rcour^i''''iTrue^,M^ Malcolm, ]iyho took quite a mt tern,al intorea^ in the two motherless girls, had made'herflelf ' aware that the presents of game, &c;, wore riot diminished, and that Major Munrpo still kopt np his friendship wilh Mt Loe,; but; her womanly inBtinots told her ithere was a change, and she immediately put it dowrito 'the superior attractions of ono or othe^ of her three girls. . v *f She knew the Laird never could have - really fancied such a pale faoed thing as Janet Leo poor girl,' she would Bay, with a' triumphant glance at her own. rosy darlinga; 'aa'asr for 'that chattering little ? j- I ;..'..;?..?'?? :'? ??';:.;i-, -is-' '::? . , ? :;?? ?.'a ,i. I ciu,v ,lijju t.c;i .:,:;s.iu..;; in ??-' ?'?-. .'..?„; chit, Nellie, who would think of her I wonder ? .Poor- things, -they have misseda mother;'''and the good ludy gave a sigh, half of reUef, and , half of compassion, as she unburdened herself to her friend Miss Primrose, who shook her ' head sagely, and . remarked .it. was( just' what ' . foolish girls might t'xpect—:to be cheated j and sho did : hope the Laird would 'not; be silly enough to marry a girl. Mrs ? Malcolm, v'wbe' 'was : not;,' twenty years older than' her, ?eldest- daughter, ? didn't see that, . ?. Major. Munroe might do worse, she- thought; and' go;the' matter ended for a' time. But Miss; Primrose, faithfully repeated the conversation next! day.; to Mrs Grant, who told it, with a laugh at Mrs Bi.'s ambition for her girls^ to Mrs Robeijtsbri ; ' and soit happened, that two days plater, lIMr Robertson, dining with the Major, informed that gentleriian over his wine that 'Mrs' Malcbim had designs lupon Dunley. Tliisjh'ow-;, eyer/as well as every Buch hint, ; failed' to cjraWi from Major Munroe the slightest intimation of his intentions ; and the good people of 'Moss'-: nniir, who seemed eabh and all most specially ', interested in his matrimonial prospects, ; werei completely baffled by his dignified reserve 6n; that subject. When, therefore, within two' years after his arrival, he announced his intori-! : tion of travelling for some time j they /gladly t jumped at the conclusion that he would speedily return with a foreign bride. ,.', .'', .'.-, : The expectations, of Mossmuir were, how ever, in this respect doomed to disappointment. Years passed, during which Mr; Grant^rulecl the : estate, and Mrs Whitecross the house J as of old; and only now and then did intelligence of the ' : Major's movements reach the quiet neighbor-,, hood of, Messmuir. Meanwhile,' timo was still ; working his sad and steady, though silent Jre-i suits. Mrs Malcolm had her heart well; nigh broken by the death of one ofher darUng.girVs;, and yet greater changes were wrought inilthe neighboring manse. - i Gaod old Mr Lee; ' aged' by oare'and sorrow rather' than' by years^'was one day prostrated by a stroke, of, paralysiB,: arid after living! some weeks in pitiful helpless' ness, though conscious, -was at length'' gently' released. H s flock,, with every, mark of tedder and affectionate sorrow, followed; him to-; the ;grave, while the whole of the little community ' united in Regret' for his; loss and ^ympfrthy ^prj ' the two girls 'left: so1 helpless. But, ,'Janet, ilthe ; ' first overpowering burst of grief over,: was .able;' to look into the future with calmness ; an&.'tpv all kind offers of a home among sympathising., neighbors, replied gently, but'firmly, that theyi would remain in the old house till a sucoepsor : was appcinted, and that: then' they wquld/' gb:. ? with Dr Grainger to G ','.', ; ; arid , as it, downed! upon the good folks of Mossmuir that Janet was tolfind a husband in him who had followed as a son thereriiains of her father to the grave , they were; unanimously and sincerely glad. Her: patience ,and her ifortitude touched every, heart, arid ' the tongue of scandal had; riot,' orie;wbrdr:tb utter. Mrs Malcolm, whose really kind heart 'affliction had enlarged, no sooner heard of it than, with -a1 ' warm-hearted iinpetubaity '.that'j; would, take:, no' denial, , , she. insisted .... that', the . Wedding, which would take, place; without uh 'necessary delay, should' 'be' under/ her ; roof.' So not many weeks .after their hand^ had b/eeny joined in, betrothal: by a .dying, father),. Janet Lee and Walter Grainger united them ' in marriage, and solemnised by their recent be: reavement, entered with quiet happiness on, thdir married life. Nellie, (divided betsvixti grief vfor the uncle she had tenderly loved-,' and joy in the union of those \ dearest to her, on; earth, accompanied them to. their; oity home..1 ??? ': ? ??.'?'? ??.;' ?? : : ?? : ?' ? ?'?? - \ ?}?? ? '??'??? '?'? And so it was that; when the Major roturned from foreign parts, to the' disappointment of all Mossmuir, except Mrs Malcolm,; still alone, ho found a'::new face , in the jSepeder ; pulpit, and little children running in line garden walks of the Seceder manse. . Many other changes, too, there were in the quiet village; the Major said it, seemed strangely still,, and pronounced the old house of Dunley : unbearably desolate. He was changed— grown impatient and moody, as well as grizzled and old-looking; his step had lost its elasticity, and his eye its brightness; and even Mrs; Malcolm seemed to give up hopes of his marrying, and began to wonder, with the rest of Mo3Binuir, who would be his heir. Mr Grant, when consulted, assumed a mysterious air, but threw out hints of a' distant English cousin. The Laird, however, did not like dying just yet, though he declared it impos sible for him to live at Dunley. So he bought a house, tall, gaunt and grey, in a genteel Edinburgh square, and passed his timo in discussing politics at his club and detailing his campaigns over his port. In short, the ardent, buoyant spirited Major shrunk into an old fogey — a goodjy ^esBel stranded on the' shores of love ! ' ' , ,.' .; '. ; Imagine a' lapse of fifteen years, and come with us into: a quiet street of the city ef G— '-— , a street thrpugh which the tide, of fashionable .life had once flowed 'full and strong, but from which it has gradually ebbed to more favored localities; leaving its .shores to those molluscs of society, the decayed gentility and .velevated; vulgarity whioh meet on the level of keeping lodgers. Along this quiet street, then, a cab might have been Been driving one bright sharp day: in De cember 18 — . The cab proceeded:, straight down the1 street,1 almost, to the end, and at last drew, up before No. 44, on the brass plate of which appeared the name 'Dr. Wi, Grainger^' The door wasopened; by a girl, 5vitl)i a good-natured, Irish fapej, whose appeararico bespoke her the maidofaU work. To the stranger's inquiries she: replied that Mrs. Grainger was in, and led the way to a back parlp'ri; whose door :?: she opened and ushered him in without further ceremony. As the visitor glanced, with rather a bewildered air, round the small but neatly furnished room, a tall, pale woman, dressed in deepest mourn ing, rose from her Beat by the fire and looked inquiringly at the stranger. With but one glance at her sad yet dignified face, the visi tor stepped forward and held out his hand. 'Mrs Grainger,' he exclaimed, 'yon havn't surely forgot me, your old friend, Stephen Grant?' . ; A quick smile of recognition passed over her countenance aB she grasped his hand, and begged him to be seated. ' I'm very glad to see you. I certainly should have known yon, but I never thought of your being herb; .'it is ao long since I have Been any one from Moss muir,' and a slight sigh which escaped lrer caused the lawyer to look in her face, .where a touching melanoholy had taken the place of the brief smilo. ' No,' roplied he, ' I don*t think I've seen you since you left us, and that's fifteen — lot mo see, yes fifteen years now, past September. I've only been once in Q — —all (hat (imo ; mjcl wUen JsaM &ej;) §$ the Jast i ^^ i .. ? ? tii ....... t.i».,i L-Lil. ZiJi.li. .tiltill address we had had from you, you had left, andthe;people-:conldn't tell xis where you had' - gone.!' , And as he spoke,. he recollected that r. ; he knew, her present address /rom the intima- . tipn.of h er husband 'a, death; and looking, into her.facej Btill fresh and f air, ; so sadly framed ?. in a wi'doYr's pap, the heart, pf even the matter bf-factriian of business, was;. touched withia him, and he continued;in a tone of - tenderness j , quite unusual to; him, . ('.We have, ? hpweyer, - Ueard. , of ; your; afflictions, ?my;!dear; Mxa.i jG^rainger, . . and . .have sympathised n very:'', ;sincerel^ .;rwith :i.,ypu.'. 'fiYeM,';::,ahe: iro- ? p|lied .in a;, low 'though tranquil,; voice ;- ???? ari^ as the, lawyer saw. her-wipe the, tears that ;; ' silently xo\hi ,dpwn her; cheeks he.felt, that ha ' t iwasin, tnQrpVesence;pf a: sorrowrdeepr indeed, , bjut^brjghtened-Jikejppolsin a glpwing sunset^ -\ 'into more than, earthly . glory. ;' And how ia-. i Mrs' Grant, andiall^.theirest -of toy- kind '?;. Jriends at Mossmuir ?|' inquired Mrs, Grainger, 'resuming after a mbmeriPs' ' pause J. her Tusual ;'oheerful,' quiet mariner.'1 '''Mrs Grantis 'well, -very wellj tharik you,' repliedthe lawyer; in a ' tone' of slight hesitation; ' and so .areMr.and ' ;Mrs; Malcolm, thpughthey're'bpth rather friil C in'pwV both 'their girls : are married 'you .know, ,! Jllsuppose ; and the Dr. and Mrs, Robertson/ .lpok ubout as ? weli ever,1 ; though', their famjly ,'are well up now ; but a ; friend' bf yours ' ia [ ,gpne— Major Munroe,; arid that's wh^t has j ,'brouglit mehere ? just now,' . continued Mr ' ?G-rabt, 'looking his anditor full in the.'facein ! asomewHat significant mariner.- ,: ; The lady; looked startled andcoricerneu'; 'I'm very sorry; indeed, to hear that,' she ' replied, 'he'll be inuch iriissed I 'should . think. - Are you on your way to Edinburgh?' '' |No,'' ' returned .'Mr ' Grant ; ' though ; the . 'Major hasflived so much there he .seemed to :'' have a wish to die at Dunley,1 and it was grati- ' 1 fied. He haa ? been' long ailing-^-dyspep'siaj ' and so forth ; but I daresay he had felt him .'ieilf worse this autumn, so he stayed at Dun- ' : ley till the end came. He died a week past on Wjednesday. On Mopday we laid his body in ' ,'the vault in the Old kirkyard, arid I am now in/ qtiest of his heir.'/ ''And who isthat ?' in- ' quired the widowv'4 No other than yburBeh*, ! 'mpdam,' replied her visitor with a. smile and a bowi The lady's pale cheek grew yet paler, !i- and she grasped at the table,as f or support^ as she gasped out,' Mr Grant, 'what do' you ,. .mean V' -'? 'Only 'what I; say, 'Mrs. Grainger,' ; ! he replied cahrily, '''that ; Major 'Munroe' 'has left -'to-' you,1 and to your heirs i for ever; tha .' lands and estates of Dunley, on the sole cbricii ..tiain of your resnmirig your maiden .''name. : '.It '] is 'all 'quite unaccountable to mej '.but1 the' ,; Major seems to have : cherished' a profound respect for you ; but'calm . yourself, my dear ? MrsGrairiger;' he urged, as the agitation of ' ! her manner continued. 'It-is indeed a won-' ' ! .derful deliveriripe.' Hehath set the poor PQ'. ' high; my soul doth magnifythe Lord,' was .' all! that, in broken ejaculations, the poor widow could utter in the first burst of grateful astonisbineni, but gradually recoyering compb- ' sure, she 'continued,' ' I indeed thank him very much— rdy kind, unexpected benefactor^- ?''.' iwoiild he could have known my gratitude !—' ' ' ! jbut still more do Itharik'Hiin who had o'ori- ?'? 1 sidered my low ? estate,' ?' and raised - me from' ' !i the dunghilU- For, irideed, I have' been ;;; in ! .Btraitsi for many' years j arid my ?=?'?' poor-Walter's 'illness'' left me with scarcely ?'* ?[ anything' to look to 'but ? my own ? exertiPns. ' 'But the estate of Dunley !? It is too much; ?? and , surely .IKr- Grant,1' she continued, a troubled lodkipassing over her 'countenance* ? 'surely I am net depriving tlioso who have a [better right?' ?? By no means, my dear Mrs ; Grainger; Major Munroe knew what he was ' labbut. /The heir-at law was a distant cousin whom he had never seen, and who has already, ; hie knew, large :ppssessibna ; sp surely he was wise £o - give where he knew the gift would be ? 'valued.' ' And it is valued. ' '? I shall never,' '?'-_ never i forget i his kindness,' nor will my bey ; ? we will bless his meiribry aslong as we live. I ' was particularly troubled,' ohe continued, ' to' tliirikthatil'o6uldri't afford to give my poor ??'?; Andrew the education I would have liked. I : have even been obliged to think of taking him ' '- from schsol ah-eady to learn a trade, but all : ? that is over now. ' And dear Nellie, how glad ' Bhe will bo ! ' You know, I think, that she was married to a dear friend of my husband ; Bhe, did j all she could to help me, but she could give me little more than sympathy, for she has . a large young family ; but she shall want for nothing now.' The widow's tongue was; loosed, and her heart sang for joy, and i the man of business by ' her side could, but listen in' sympathetic silence. The New Year saw a tioket ' To be Let' on No. H William- street, and a look of new life in the old mansion of Dunley. The widow ?' and her son took ? quiet possession of their handsome legacy ; and while many wondered, : ?none grudged them their good fortune, for the i manners of M Mrs Grainger-Lee, of Dnriley,' were -no less benign and winning .than; those of Janet Lee were wont to be in the old Seceder manse. And often did the widow visit the village churchyard to drop a tear on1 the quiet resting-place alike of the father who had cherished her youth, and of hiiri whose love fpr her had been ' strong nnto death.' My story is told, and I trust it will not diminish any interest the reader may have kindly taken in it, when I add that it is founded on facts. .' ;; The English Navy in the Mod. — The following is, a specimen of Western eloquence : '!_i-'«« 'yvhere is Eurepe, cb'mpared with America ? 'Nowhar ? Where is England ? Nowhar ? They call England the mistress of the sea, but whatlmake^the', sea? The Mississippi makes it, add^ ' aK,we'?o got .to do is to turn the : Mississippi into the Mammoth Cave, and the . , '. English navy will be floundering in the ?laud.,''';;'.' .: ;''.'' ... L\ , ; ' ';. . \\) 