MB. MONTGOMERY'S HAMLETJ fl Mr. Coppin, in one of his confidential moment*, confessed that at various times of his life he had been fool enough to believe in the restoration of legitimate drama. The inference was nlainlv uiuku at him u.e puunc wau uu& bo muca aooui legitimate drama had not recognised it when they got it, and that Mr. Coppin had been a sufferer by hu Mief in such a theory as public taste. When he tpuke he had plausible grounds in his own recent experience for what he said. The kind of legitimate drama with which he opened his season in the Towu Hall had not done much good eithir to the treasury or to ihe scauty audiences whom it attracted. The critics had not fallen dowu and worshipped Mr. James Anderson, of Drury-lane, and Mr. George Coppin, tne great Austialian impresario, as they ought to have dime. The playgoers of Adelaide had not been dazzled as thty'i uxht to have been by the reflection t*f Drury-lane, or by the native galaxy which Mr. Coppin was pleased to call his ' Star' Company. ' Uainlet' was a failure, and 'Othello's' dusky passion paed before the charms of 'The Ticket of-Leave Man's Wife.' Once more bit. Coppin pronounced legitimate drama a mistake and Shakspeare behind the a^e. Subsequently, at his benefit he delivered these sage mixims as the fruit of his managerial experience in Adelaide. They were strongly demurred to at the time, tut the offended dilettante might nave soared them selves the trouble had they known how complete a refutation Mr. Coppin was by-and-by to give to his own petulant fallacies. '1 he audience which witnessed Mr. Montgomery's dibut at the Theatre Koyal ou Monday night was the best answer that could be given to any insinuations against the dramatic taste or appreciation of the community. It included, along with almost all the regular playgoers in town, many for whom the 'Ticket-of Leave Man's Wife' might wait half a century in vain. Every part of the house was crowded. The dress circle hud not the mere brilliant buttetfly appear ance which it puts on for operas or command nights. It was full of people, who evidently expected something, and were not to be easily satisfied. The stalls, pit, and gallery all were crowded, but not with the crowds that stamp and jostle each other to keep bellowing actors hi coun tenance. It was a large audience, and a fashion able one, as the saying is, but it had more refined qualities than either of these. It was of the quiet attentive kiud, which a good actor likes best to play to- an audience that follows closely, discriminates correctly the real merits of a part, and applauds in the proper place. Here, as iu Melbourne, Mr. Montgomery has made his first appearance in flamlec The con noisseurs say because it is his best character - and bo it well might be. Old colonists might resent our placing it forthwith above Kean's or Uustavus Brooke's; but we may avoid giving them offence. No invidious comparisons— not even with the Andersonian Hamlet— are needed to illustrate its merits. Whatever its artistic rank, it would be a remarkable character were it only for its oi iginality. If the inherent superiority of the representation did not at once strike a spectator, its innovations would. Mr. Montgomery's Hamlet is new both in style and conception. It is as novel and as interesting to the experienced playgoer as to the tyro. Hitherto Hamlet has been a peg to hanir a string of soliloquies and declamations upoa Jur. Montgomery makes him a real personage, and works out the enigma of his life with the skill of an artist as well as the mechanical dexterity of an actor. The old Hamlet was not one character, but h series of them— a collection of masques, lie came in first as a spooney youth riffled out for a fuueral; then m a moonstruck youth apos trophising his father's ghost; next as a desperate young man undecided whether he should kill him self or somebody else ; and lastly as the fullblown madman — ' With his doublet all unbraced, fio hat upon his head; his stockings fouled, Unganered, and down gyved to his ancle; Pale as his shirt; his kuees knocking each other, And with a look so piteous in purport As if he had been loosed out of hell To Bpsak of horrors.' In order to avoid too flagrant contradictions of the text these interpreters granted to the poor youth some transient gleams of sanity— a little method iu his madness. They made him appear all things to all men— grossly contemptuous toward Polouius, scornfully cynical toward Ophelia, hypocritically respectful towards his mother, suspicious of his royal uncle, and always undecided how to treat his bosom friends — Horatio, ' Kosencranz, and Guilrfen stern. These rapid variations and transi tions afforded scope for much effective actiuy, but it was all disjointed. It had not even the redeeming quality of Hamlet's alleged madness method. In the onward drifting current of events the centre figure stood 83 something distinct from them, and raised above them. They were to him only the means by which he introduced his solilo quies, developed his great scenes, and made his traditional points. This interpretation not only weakened the in terest of the character, but it infu^d incongruity into the whole drama. The s tcctator never could learn from it what kind of personage Shakspeare intended Hamlet to be, nor how he was impelled oiiward to his fate. The denouement comes at the end of the fifth act. but it was not clear what share Hamlet bad had in producing it, nor what his motives had been throughout. The rbaracter loct half its force iu the vagueness and uncertainty of its rendering. Without a fundamental idea, it was a personified puzzle rather than a dramatic conception. Inconsistent with itself, and with many of the incidents which ought to have illus trated it, the old Hamlet strode the stage like a Polyphemus with his eye in process of being gouged. Mr. Montgomery's version, whether right or wrong, has the cardinal merit of beinz free from all t U incongruity. It is throughout self- consistent, and. as tar as the evidence of a first hearing can warrant, we should tuy that it is cous.steut with the text At all events, it gives a new and much more forcible meaning to various passages which have hitherto attracted no special attention. The diversities of situation and action are as clearly marked as in the old rendering, but there is a unity super-added. Mr. Montgomery's Hamlet is based on a distinct psychological theoiy that Hamlet was not mad, but only feigned uiuu ness. This furnishes a fundamental idea on which every scene and speech and gesture has been carefully cast. It has supplied a motive which every incident in the tragedy helps to bring forward in a clearer light. It is the secret of Mr. Montgomery's universally-admitted originality. It enables him to discard many old stage traditions, and to introduce a style of acting which imparts a new interest to the whole play. The illustrations of this abound in every act, but we shall only mention the more prominent ones. The ordinary Hamlet comes on the stage as if his madness were already brooding over him. He is funereal, unsociable, fantastic. Mr. Montgomery is none of these. His countenance when lie n'rbt entere is sad and thoughtful, but noilunn more. His dress— an elegant tunic and hose— does nutseem intendtd to represent anything more tragic than princely mourning. Standing in the royal presence he looked a most natural yet affecting embodiment of grief. It absorbed but hid not jet inflamed his mind. In the Ghost scene the tendency of all his action was to show the light breaking in upon the wretched Prince. The ghostly revelation gradually overwhelmed and left him prbs.rate. By the excessive delicacy and intensity of his gestures he made every emotion as plain to the audience as if it had been spoken. Hence what is usually a dumb scene became instinct with meaning and interest. The actor who can command applause by listening must be of a highrr order than he who can only nxtort it by declamation. The second illustration is to be obtained from thesucceeding interview with Horatioand Aiarcellus wneu Hamlet pledges both to secrecy. Generally this is given as if one of the first symptoms of coming madness. The disordered mind i-hows itself in what apptars to be ill-timeil and irrational jesting. Hamlet in the depth of his despair consoles himself by befooling the only friends he has left. In Mr. Montgomery's hands the scene becomes very different, ilamlet is overtaken by Horatio and Aiarcellus before he has decided how to act upon the ghostly revelation. They begin to qtiestiou before he. knows whether or not he should take them into his confidence. One moment he is about to yield, and while the secret is on his tongue he recalls it. The sentence that was to betray him he turns off with a commonplace which is susceptible also of a satiri :al application. All the while he remains grave and increasingly sad. The interview con cludes with the oath of secrecy, which Hamlet takes with the solemnity of a man who is in earnest, and with the dignity of a prince addressing hi3 inferiors. In the scene with Ophelia the key to the eha racter is unmistakably given. Hamlet believes Polonius to have been set as a spy upon him, hence his strange treatment of him— an example which he warned others not to dare to imitate, tie suspected that Ophelia was cognizant of the plot, aau hence his strange behaviour to her. The parting interview with her was dictated by Hamlet's knowledge that he is being watched. To prove that this is the construction intended, Folonius and the King are made to show themselves peeping from behind a curtain, towards which Hamlet is ever turning his eyes. He acted a double part to suit the occasion, and here Mr. Montgomery ex hibited both his peculiar conception and his style to the greatest advantage. In the midst of his sneenng and reviling at Ophelia he frequently checked himself, and showed a sudden impulse to throw off the masque. Even in throwing her on with the exclamation, 'Get thee to a nunnery,' he exhibited the double character with such consummate skill that he seemed to wear two distinct expressions, aud to speak in two voices at the same time. But enough of criticism. It must seem cold and prosaic following immediately after the enthu sywtic admiration which its subject has excited. Mr. Montgomery has conferred two invaluable boons on our local drama. He has given it a new Haniiet, and has shown it a type of the highest school of tragedy. His acting is of a kind that we have never had before in Adelaide. It possesses all the self- possession, the fluency, and the correct ness of the classic stage, butj without any stajji ness. It has invested the buskin with the elegance and naturalness of private life, with the intel lectuality of the Shaksperian student, and with the charma of the most refined elocu tion. His voice U an emblem of the mental power that wields it-full of expression, admirably modulated, and of wide compass. His phyique is not of the sort which owes its impressiveness to mere stature. Mr. Montgomery U not above the middle size, but his air is dignified, and his manner mceiui. Hi* tragic power liea more in hu face, nowever. than m his form. His countenance is intellectual, and has at the same time a moral de loi art ' ' Which besPeaks '« truest regard *8 his dibut w\H have excited general curiosity with regard to his antecedents, we reproduce the following extract from a biographical notice which appeared in the Argut a few months ago: Mr. Montgomery's first appearance upon the stage was as an. amateur in the well-known dramatic performance given by the members of the London Punch staff, in which Charles Dickens and Douglas Jercold were the prime moven. Shortly aftarwardi he had the honour of performing with Mr. Charles Kean aud Phelps at Windsor (Jastle, on which occasion John Bartley played Falstaff for the last time. Mr. Charles Kean wag the first actor of eminence who recog nised Mr. Montgomery's abilities, and he was offered a professional engagement with him for three years. Unwilling, however, to peril his ruing reputation by too premature an appearance before a critical London audience, he accepted the id vice of his friends, and determined to run the gauntlet of the proviuciil slaite before he appeared pn the London boards. He accordingly came out in leading parts on the Norwich Circuit, from Khencehe weut to Batlu Bristol, and Birmingham. Be then followed Mr. Janits Beunet at the Theatre Koyal, Manchester, and from thence ran the (?'?,- of .Provincial criticism at Liverpool, Dublin, and Edinburgh. His fir-t appearance ii London was as Othello, at the Princess's Theatre; Mr. Jbechter. who was then leisbee, having being struck by his performance vt Kaulconbridge to the late G. V. Brooke's King John, at the Manchester Theatre, and engaped him for two years to play alternate parts with Phelps. The company of which he was a member comprised some oi the best actors cf the day, in cluding Mr. and Mrs. Chailes Mathews, Phelps, ,1. Brougham, Geo. Vi. inp, and Miss Helen Kaucit. The great success of ' The Duke's Motto,' how ever, caused Mr. Fechter to repudiate his engage ments, and a suit of law ensued. Mr. Monteomery made his first appearance as Othello the third nwht after the decision of the case, aud, although the circumstances were so unfavourable, sue c rded at once in pleasing the pun ie taste. It was at this theatre that he appeared as Kmueu t-- the Juliet of Madlle. Strl'a Colas (au actress whom he fiM introduced to the public at Manchester); and from that date lus repu tation was established. Kucouraued by the favourable notice of the Pi ess and the pubic, he took the Princess's Theatre, and during a season of seven weeks produced no less than 33 high- class and Shaksperian plays— a fact alone which should entitle him to the good wishes of all lovers of the drama. At this time his own parts weie of the hixhest ? lass. He played nearly all the great charactus of Shakspeare- Othello, lago, Kintr John, Hamlet, Macbeth, Shylock. Konieo, Heuedick, Petruchiu, Maic Antony, Brutus, Cassius, Posthuinus, Hotspur, and Lear, nil played by him in turn: while in the liylrer characters of Claude Slelnntte, Evelyn, Charles Surface, and Dun Felix he was no less successful. His Virginius. Kichelieu, Giles Overreach, and Mortimer (in the ' Iron chest') were also spoken o: i» the highest terms; and he succeeded in thoroughly establishing himself in the legitimate drama, and from this time took rank among the first actors of the day. His last appearance in London was at the dose of his engagement at Drury-lane a short time back, where he had been p'ayiufr. leading parts with Phelps.' To-night Mr. Montgomery will appear in Louis XI.— a character which suine critics nave preferred to his Hamlet, but which all agree in considering oue of his best The Japanese Troupe at the Lunatic Asylum.— On Monday afternoon, July 6, the Japanese Troupe gave an- entertainment to the patients at the Lunatic Asylum, and we question if the rare skill of the performers was ever more thoroughly appreciated than by the unfortunate creatures whom they had bo kindly volunteered to amuse. Some of the best tricks were given, and the exhibitors, male and female, exerted themselves quite as much to ensure success as they could have done before a wealthy and fashionable company. Their unsoli cited visit to the Asylum has done them much credit, and afforded a happy afternoon to those who, as the spokesman of the troupe most truly said, ' are not happy always.' To such inmates cf the house as retain the faculty of memory the visit of the Japanese will long be one of pleasant reminiscence; and we may add that several ladies and gentlemen who were present as invited guests appeared to be equally well pleased with the entertainment. St. Andkkw'8 Chubch.— An entertainment, consisting of a lecture by the Kev. J. Henderson, ef Port Adelaide, on 'The Oddities of Genius,'* and musical selections', was given in Pultcney. street Schoolroom, on Monday evening, July fl; iu aid of the funds of St. Andrew's Church. L'espite the disagreeable state of the weather, there was a good attendance. The Rev. J. McBean, M.A., of Inveibrackie, presided. Tbe Kev. Mr. Henderson, in commencing his lecture, said that this had been truly described as the 'age of lecturing.' He then proceeded to refer to the advantages derivable from public lectures, and humorously touched upon the fastidious and capricious nature of the public taste. His object in choosing the subject he had was to combine instruct iocwith interest ami amuse ment, and by divesting his lecture of hard techni calities, that deadened the attention of the hearer, enable his audience to pass an hour or two with profit and pleasure. The peculiarities of literal y men possessed a certain amount of interest, and many would like to know of the habits and circum stances of genius when its 'burning thoughts leaped into life to wander through eternity.' The rev. lecturer then referred in a rapid sketchy style to the habits of thought, practice of compo sition, or peculiarities of person or character of literary men from the earliest times, including Homer, Shakspeare, Dante. Byron, Dr. Chalmers, Coleridge, Hugh Miller, tiouthey, Wordsworth, Scott, and Charles Dickens. Several of the latter authors were quoted to prove the ' agony of com position,' and the harassing and exhausting effect produced by continued and close literary labour. Jeffrey, l^ord Brougham, and Professor Wilson were instanced as possessing the rare ability of writing with skill and ease. Jeffery wus particularly noted for the numerous essays and papers which he threw off with scarcely an effort, but which were still regarded as matchless works of eloquence and classic skill. Particular mention was made of the foibles and idiosyncrasies of Dr. Johnson, which, as Lord Macaulay had stated, if displayed in others would have been sufficient to 'absolve felons and set wills aside.' The eccentricities of Dr. Goldsmith were next ad verted to, after which reference was made to Cowper, whose melancholy disposition, like that of melancholy and dejected persons in general, occasionally relieved ltseli in an odd, quaint humour, which would be regarded as levity in others. Literary men, as regarded their modes of thought, could be divided into two elates— one inclining to the studious, whose train of thought no external influences could disturb, who could think at all time?, and under all circumstances; aud the other whose representations were moved by everything passing around them. '1 he slightest incident incapacitated the members of thi latter class from all further thought Voltaire wai instanced as an illustration of this class. Mention was made of the foice and strength of genius manifested by Burns, to whose merits as a po«t an eloquent tribute was paid. The first part of the lecture was appropriately concluded by the rev. lecturer rec ting tne exquisite little production of the Scottish bard, 'The Daisv.' . In the second part Mr. Henderson gave it as his opinion that 'Tarn O'Shanter' aud 'The Jolly Beggars' were the most creative of all Bums'* compo sitions. Reference was uext made to Professor Wilson, who was characterized as being one of the cleverest, if not the cleverest, rcan of the piesent century, as he was at the same time one of the most eccentric. In conclusion, mention was made of Sir Walter Scott, with respect to whom it was stated ' that while no one could read Byron after 30 years of age, Scott's works were read with pleasure at all times and under all circumstances.' During the evening a variety of pieces of vocal music were given with excellent effect by Miss Scriven. anil Messrs. Dyer, L. Jagoe, V. Jagoe, &c;, ably assisted on the piano by Mr. H. Pounsett. The selections comprised the duet 'The Gipsy Countess,' sang with excellent effect by Juiu Scriven and Mr. Dyer; the solo, 'Kocked in the cradle of the deep,'* finely rendered by Mr. L. Jagoe; the humorous solo, ' Constantinople.' by Mr. V. Jagoe; the naval duet, 'The Larboard Watch,' magnificently given by Messrs. Dyer and L. Jagoe; the solo. 'Little .Nell,' also well given by Mr.Dyir; ' The Laughing Chorus,' &c.; The entertainment, which was of a very successful nature, closed with the customary votes of thanks, an addition il vote being passed to Mr. Moor1: aud the Trustees of the schoolroom for granting its use, Kent Town Wkslbtan Jdbilke Chuuoh.— Some time since we called attention to the erection of the nave of this church. We have now to record the addition of the transept, which, though un finished at present for want of funds, has been built in accordance with the original design of the church, which when completed will be cruciform. The present addition is 7C feet in length by 40 feet in width, with an open hammer-beam roof resting on stone corbels, stained to correspond with tbe existing building. The floor is laid temporarily, and the openings are prepared for the cut stone work of the doors and the tracery of the windows. The same remark will apply to the gables, from which the cut stone work has been omitted, so that all the cut stonework to be dooe at a future time can l-e done kimulUtneously. The works remoiuing to be done to complete the design consist of a tower and Epiru iu the angle formed by the nave and transept, and the chancel. The building will then be 190 feet in length, by 75 in width. The portion now particularly alluded to has cost £1,700, and has been erected from the designs and under the superintendence of Alessrs. Wright, Woods, au.l Hamilton, architect*, by Mr. Pitman, builder, of Norwood. The total cost of the building so far as it has proceeded is i£,3u0. The increase of the 6abbuth-school, containing some 200 children, and for the present held in the church, ha3 compelled the Trustees to make uome suitable provision, and it ha3 been deemed most expedient to carry out the design of the church, so that by breaking down the temporary wail between the two buildings provision cau be easily made for the future demands of the congregation. When com pleted, the church will be one of the handsomest owned by the Wesleyan body. The opciing of the new transept schoolroom described above took place on Sunday, July 5, when (sermons were preached morninp, afternoon, and evening by Mr. A. Scott and the Kevs. James Haslam and W. L. Binks respectively. On Monday evening an enter tmnment of a miscellaneous character was given in the schoolroom, which was well tilled, the unpro pitious state of the weather not deter, ing per-ons Irom attending, as was at first feared would be the case. The Treasurer (Hon. T. lieynolds) presided, and opened the proceedings with an address, which waa evidently much appre ciated. The programme, which was too long to particularize, consisted of an overture by a lady amateur, choruses by the Sunday-school chil dren, recitations by well-known reciters, &c.; Several of the pieces sung by the children, of whom there were about 100 present, seated on the platform, were very sweetly (riven, and with great spirit and precision, the juveniles evidently per forming their part of the entertainment con amort, while the result proved careful training on the part of their teachera. The church choir (rave several glees, and in addition to songs by lady and gentleman amateurs there was a reading by 'Stundera McTavish,' 'An Electric Trip to London,' Riven with great humour by the reader, and exceedingly relished by the listeners. There were also recitations by Messrs. Crooks, W. H. Koss. J. McEwin. and W. Carvosso, all of which were well and deservedly applauded. Miss Jones presided at the piano and Mr. A. Crooks at the harmonium during the evening. At the conclusion of the proceedings votes of thank* were passed to those who had given their assistance, as well as to the Chairman, and 'God Save (he Queen' was bung before dismissal. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 27th of June, were:-Births, 30 males, 13 females; deaths. 15 males, 10 female*. Total— 13 births. 25 deaths Excess of births. 18. During the week ended Saturday, the 4th of July:— Births, 2G males, 30 females; deaths, 13 males, 8 females. Total- 56 births, 21 deaths. Excess of births, 35. 