THE COLONIAL WINE INTEREST. -MODERN IDEAS BEGAEDING VOTIFI CATION. ' Hiving in preceding article* dealt with the general principle# of wine- making, and the actual processes by which these principles hare been reduced to successful practice bj some of the bf*t wine-mskersin those parte of France laving,»nie analogy .of climate and toil with the, Y$|(pjriaQ vine country »outh of the Dividing Barge, I think I cannot no* do better Uiau place before your readers the pro* ores of yiuifioation in the extreme sooth pf France. k For ibis account I am indebted to Mr. Busby'a journal. I take it, however, as I Aud it in Dr. Kelly's book, uiibg hismtroduc tory reintfrks, as being in my mind sensible and interesting. I <tnuit add that the practices here described are <not at all tb be admired, and many of tbemiby »to means lo . be imitated. The pro ccd jof'plAtitituiv for vxkippI^Citinpt b^NDOQi* rttafefefc''; Aia'tfhereinoh is the ¥>hrttic*, uhe so largely grown for the Boussilloa vines, ie jan enorfnoul bearer. Their printiij» ^ seems slovenly also. Bering in mind that the wines I am writing about are reds, all that portion which < refers to the treading of the gripes and col lecting the must is good. But the leng& of tjipo that, the ntting .is carried on cannot be recommended; while the addition of the enormous quantityof ten per etmt. of spirit is to be reprobated nioit heartily, especially when added, to the srine with* viewto it* keeping and carrying. I hare never been able to persuade myself tliat any large .addition of spirit was liecessary fa or£er to^ablga wine . to carry and keepr if it had been properly prepared. But from ray .knowledge of the Portuguese custom (t speak now of the Lisbon wines, both sweet and dir), I think it has more to do with the English market, where the. wines are altered and turned oat as ports and sherries, than anything affecting a tbrefe weeks' voyage in a sailing ship from ! .Lisbon to London. It is quite well known what becomes of all these Boussillon wines. I They go for the most part to Paris. There j they arej)uried. When they are resnscitated they api^ar, .if they appear at all, only as the I ghosts of iheir former selves. These strong, ' rough, mgb)j*brandied Boussillon tiines form a | very important ingredient in the English gentleman's claret. 1 Of course your intelligent reader is aware that there is no such wine as that which the englishman calls claret, prepared from any one kind of grapes, nor from the sole produce of one district. The famous recipe for making claret u:- 6 Ordinary good Bordeaux wine , ' Brandy .. lioussillon . 50 It is quite clear, then, that so far as the Paris wine market is concerned, these wines play a veiy marked part, and the ten per cent; of additional spirit is availed of to brine the .Bordeaux up to the claret standard. There is no question that if our vignerons only treated the most part of their red wines, made substantially from the same grapes, and added ten per cent, of spirit, thoy would equal, perhaps greatly surpass, the produce of the extreme south of France THE PBOCESS OF VINDICATION -IK THE EX TBBKE SOUTH OF FRANCE. I " III the most southern parts of France, in a climate very much resembling our own, we find a system of vinification which is peculiar, but which, although rude, must have some merits to cause its being adhered to so rigidly. It is now the same as when Mr. Busby, thirty five years since, visited Europe, and furnished us with that most interesting journal of his rambles in the wine countries, which has been read with so much pleasure and instruction b v the wine-growers of these colonies. Mr. Busbv ! introduced into New South Walesau extensive ! selection of vines from Europe, and of these the Boussillon varieties from the south of J! ranee have been found admirably adapted to many localities in these colonies, especially the warm and dry climate of Adelaide, where they have become the chief sorts cultivated for red wine. Any information, therefore, regarding the vineyards of that part of France must always be of exceeding interest to us; and as " Busby s journal has been out of print for many years, few have now an opportunity of perusing it. J " The following extract relating to Boussillon and its wines may therefore be new and in teresting to many: " FB05I MB. BUSBr's JOURNAL. "'After a drive of about an hoar and a quarter, we arrived at the first of Messrs. Durand s establishments. This is an immense square euclosuie, with high walls and build ings. It formerly belonged to the Knights i lemplars. The church is converted into a ' wine-cellar, and the houses of the TempUre to i the residences of Messrs. Durand'e peasants, beveral other buildings are also erected within I the walls, forming altogether a most complete j and extensive homestead. After taking! chocolate, we proceeded to the vineyards. Mr. Durand only cultivates three varieties of! Tes-the Grenache, which gires sweetness : the Carignan, which gives colour; and the Mataro, which gives quantity. His vines are m general planted either on the plain, or on a I gently inclined dope; but when there is a elope the exposure is always to the south. The eoil is loose and stony : the stones, quartz, of various colours and shades. He stony and least fertile portions of the estate are selected for vines. Some of the cornfields are planted, at wide intervals, with olive trees, but there are none of these among the vines. The distance at which the viuei are planted is always four feet, and the quia cunx is pteeerved with the greatest oossible exactness. The ground is ploughed 'twice a year; that is, immediately after the pruning, which is now going on, and in spring, after the vines have given shoots of eight or ten inches in length. On both occasions It is first ploughed in one direction and then cross ploughed. It receives no other Iftbours during the year, and in summer, such is the strength of vegetation generally among the vines, that few weeds make their appearance, the ground being almost coveted with the vine shoots. I was much surprised on finding that, with the ex ception of one field, the only preparation the ground had received previous to having been planted was a common ploughing. The out .tings were then put down in holes made by an iron bar or dibble, and left to shift for themselves. Many of them, .as might be- ex pected under such treatment, never came for ward,and it requires aix years before the vine yaw U K well established as to yield a orop. ' M. «*«wge produce of these vines is six barnqucs (hogsheads) per hectare; this is about MOgal. per English acre, a much emafler produce thui 1 would have expected from iuo general health and vigour of the vines, although it still continues a matter of surprise that they should produce at alt, con .idenjig the gr**t hardness of the subsoil, aud the slight hold of it which is originally given to them. Part of the vineyard had already been pruned, and two men were busy in k part -we visited. There had been fourteen men ^employed the day before; but this Was the/cte day of the neighbouring villa**, and only two of tie men had come. It requires a man ten daye to prunea hecUre. Theinstru Bientwhialit W use Is contrived to give, in .offle degree, the purchase of a lever. * - * Wifli the edge th^ orti wltbgrestcsrethe thcote where ti bud is left for the following .lvw 1 $ ' ifie itodsof^jie# tie -jUss^*'^5 aftiH* ifttneafafafy gA+eordsrt to hli stieWard aooOrd singly. , ( _ - - .'<"* 5 ^ 'Between * t#dte Arid bee o'clock we' re. ;tuwied to «ftef if euU.tantial \dtpevner & tit ffewfcftef/e' visited the iriijt j cellar. 'Albngm Wall, bw ^ide 6r WW cellar, are arHugctiVnufobey'dF Iafee rata. Icbniairthife mrlhf#fcb !Mj". &&£! j-thatisjTOm t8(Wgil foSXWOSjri. iacli, the j whole nuinbgr was fourteen'6t; siiteen. They fwere placed horizontally, vffth oh4 end tothe ,wa!|. Above them, on eachiide, ul'a flpcJp or | platform, "Which is oh a lefrct With a door'thafc opens to the cellar from a'higWitde; by'this idoor thegrajjtt fert brought to'. On ttie&at; j form are several frou^ ahout 10ft. loiig br* j 2J-ft. wide, with1 the ? aide eloping: ibffudi, [Above the bottom of the trough there it a Ws# ! bottom, perforated with holed, and divided by open spaces, which allow tfiie liquid to past Co the true bpttom; whence it {lows, by a spout at one end, into an aperture of about a fool square in the upper side of file rat Underneath. While the men are treading the grapes in : these troughs, they take ollt a portion of the stalks by means of a three-pronged stick, and after the grapes are pretty; well broken, the whole contents of the trough are cmptiecTinto the Tat. In the vat it is left to ferment from eighteen to twenty-four days, according to circumstances, and at the end of that period the wine is drawn off to another vat, by means of a syphon and a pump. The marc, or skins and grounds, is then removed to the press, anS the wine extracted from tbemie kept apart m being of inferior quality. In the end of each vat there is an aperture sufficiently large for a man to entet and clean it out This is strongly secured by means of copper Berews. After having been removed to a clean vat, the' wipe is kept in it till the following spring, when it is again drawn off the lees. VFhen twelve months old it ie sent to port Yendre, where Mr. Durand has very extensive stores and cellars; it is there mixed with 10 per cent, of brandy and shipped for Paris. This is the ordinary description of Jloussiilon wine of the plain; but beipg made with more care than that of the smaller proprietors, it is the best of its kind. The wine of the lulls is of a better quality. "' In planting these hills they break up the ground only to the depth of eight or nine inches, and as they take out a great number of stones, the depth of the soil remaining is not more than six inches. They then bore a hole in the loose rock with a bar of iron, W tbruet in the plant to tbe depth of twelve or fifteen inches, I saw a plantation of the pre ceding year where almost eveiy plant had succeeded, although none of them had given shoots of more than six or eight inches. Mr. Mas says it was formerly the practice in »h«r country to trench and break up the rock to the depth of two or three feet, but (strange to eay) they found tbe vines were sooner worn out; and they now follow the l<as expensive method. A hectare (2£ acrw) of middle-aged vines is here worth l,OOOfi^nos. The .greatest expense isin the fiat ptlflfg^oa; for it is uni versally neceesary to build a series of terraces to support the eoiL The value of a lieot»r« with a good exposure, before planting, is 500 francs.^ There is, however, little ground in this neighbourhood remaining to be plftnfo^ although the greatest, portion has Nura brought into cultiAation within this last fifteen or twenty years. The average produce, accord- - ing to Mr. Mas, does not exceed six charges the hectare, which is just half of the vines of the plain. The aqnual expense of cultivation, in cluding the vintage, is 40 francs, but the wine is worth 28 or 30 francs a charge, or from 168 to 180 francs the hectare. The distance of the plants is from threfe to four feet, and the pruning is in every respect similar to that of (he vines of the plain. The varieties chieflv culti vated are the Grenache and the Carignan. The vines are never manured. The wine sometimes remains in the fermenting vat s» long as thirty days. Like the wine of the plain, it is seldom drank in its pure state, but is sent to Paris with an addition of 7£- to 10 per cent, of brandy, in order to be mixed with, the lighter wines of Burgundy aud Orleans, to give them strength and colour. The mixture of the brandy has, they say, a double purpose. It enables them to ship the wines when fourteen or fifteen months old without risk of their turning sour, which could not be done for twelve months more without tlieadmixture; and it enables the Parisians to mix a portion of water iojprder to reduce the wine in strength, and thus to save a part of the municipal duty which is levied on wines entering Paris. The latter is, I think, the only valid argument. Being desirous of procuring some of the wine of Collioure, Mr. Mas sent a person with me whom he was accustomed to employ in such matters, and after completing my purchase, I *_ith the proprietor of the vineyasd where it was produced, and obtained four varieties of grapes which were not in Mr. Durand's vineyards. This vineyard was on the side of a very steep hill, and appeared to have been planted with great labour; the terraces did not exceed from eight to ten feet in width, and the walls were from two to three foot in height* He said the mnwd average from 500 plants was about two charges of wine. This, according to thedistance they were planted, was rather more than double tlse quantity stated fry Mr. M«8; but it m probab y only * gueis, although I am inclined to think the estimate of (be latter was under the truth. There was, however, no way of coming nearer tbe true sUte of ihe case, for; he knew neither the extent of the hectare nor of the arpenjt. lie wine of Cosperon, which is celebrated as. a via de liqueur, is tbe produce of a farm wfcioh w*s pointed out tQ me bylUbj. Mas, under otvp of the hills winch wepawed 0?". ^ "»akoproing to his account/nothing mora than a ipunure of brandy with the unis^ After the gram* (ofthe Grenache ktod)atw very ripe, they are gathered and allowed to dry afew daysin the sun 5 they are then pressed/and th* juipe is pnt into a cwk, whereit ,fc Mxad large portion (Mr. *' J* * 4 ?" i a half of its own bul prevents i)»e the sweet nes* M, uaji tjhis is thp has acquired name IVahce.'"' _ The following extract from pi> 8S l« made chiefly with a view to mtroduou^i 1L, ©aralis Allut to the readers of "The Awralmian.. We>iiul,baye occasion to Wcome better acquainted wnb him. Deservedly fee iseeteemed on^,of,i^pJtctv b^st pf wuie a&akers; and treaters tfij^.tom^iot/irianB couth «Y the Dividing fiianget qould follow. Here,' then, is a brief iatcoauotqty, ooeount of lub : " AfUr contemplating with something of iiaappointmept the almost' universal indiffer ence to improvement wlpch pjerv.adea »be viae countries generally, and. the southern parts of France particularly, it is with lively oatisfac tion that, we find striking exceptions in men euohaa Od&ri;/p'Armaiifi&cq;, and others, who lwre devoted themselves to the study of the vine and ite produce, " Not the least remarkable of modern .eientific impftiv^rs' of agriculture generally, and viticulture ii particular, .'-ia li. GazalU Allut, who was differently circumstanced from tlie others, in thin he wee not .brought uo to eucb pursuits, but commenced life in a differ ent line. ? %iM. C. Allut Was a partner in a mercantile house in Montpellier, when, ubout tlie termi nation of the great European war, a large landed property, the domain of Arcsqviiea, same into the possession of their firm. The management of this estate M. Allut under-, took for the joint benefit of himself and, partners; but eventually, in 1824, he took it. into his own hands, and worked out a long aeries of experiments and improvements which here established his name as one of the first agriculturists in trance. " BIB intellect, naturally clear and discrim inating, was moulded to accuracy and large ness of vision by his commercial training, and lie entered upon the study of various subjects corrected with agriculture with a mind admirably fitted for eucb pursuits; he had the further advaqt^e of being untrammelled ky the forceoftold customs and antiquated notions, which seem to fetter those whose education has been purely agricultural., The numerous papers which he read from time to time before the Agricultural Society of the Herault, and others, have been collected since his death, in 1863, and published by hie eon, Dr. Frederic Gtzalis. These are prized as some of the be&t; recent contributions to agri cult iitalscience in its various branches; and of thosei. jelajing.to vines and wine-making, we shall #e)^ct some which appeir to be of special interest >0 us, from the fcimilarity of the climate of the Herault to many of our eve wine districts." * * * 