Br a South Australian. MEETING IN THE BUSH. " Of course," said an old stockman, be tween the whiffs of his pipe, as he sat comfortably by the fire of the Stag's Head, in the township of M , South Australia, "of course, in an old countiy like New South Wales, there are plenty of yams to be got, fit for malting into books; but who is to get them, and who is to write the books ? That's the question." And this was by no means a foolish remark; for whereas nothing is more common than to read of people sitting down and telling stories to each other with an ease and pre cision that would make the fortune of an ordinary circulating library, yet the fact is nothing is so rare as to find a person who can give' a detailed account, on the spur of the moment, of any interesting event which he may have met with in the course of his life. He will say, " Yes, I knew all about it at the time. But the whole matter lies in a nutshell. The husband, you see, was murdered—the wife married again—and ever since that time his ghost has been seen at night-time, drawing beer in the cellar, just as he used to do when he was alive ; and that's about the whole of the matter, as far as I can recollect." This is very terse and pithy, un doubtedly. But it requires a great deal of looking at before it can be made into a story long enough to fill two columns of a news paper, and real enough to be mistaken for a narrative of colonial life. Something of this sort it was which I said to the old stockrider, in the sitting-room of the Stag's Head, and he admitted that he never was a " good un" himself at telling stories. Still, he hadn't gone about the colonies for the last 40 years with his eyes shut, and he thought he could remember an incident of life in New South Wales which would just suit me. Many years ago ne was travelling through the country some 40 miles from Sydney in company with two strangers who had not been long in the colony, and who were on the look-out for a cattle run. At that time, indeed, a cattle run was a most profitable investment. The best of the country was obtained on the easiest of terms; and, without the cost of fencing or any other preliminary ; work, huge herds of cattle were left to feed and breed. Even the wages that were ; paid were miserably small, as nearly all the ■ men were assigned servants; and though some of these occasionally plundered their employers by selling herds of cattle, either before or after they had been branded, to travelling jobbers, yet on the whole they ; were faithful and trustworthy. j Many surii cattle runs had been passed by ] the three travellers in their up- country' journey, and eveiywhere they had met with ' two things which pleased the strangers, amazingly—bush hospitality and splendid scenery. If the place they stopped at was but | bark hut—with one end left partly Open as a fireplace, and with stumps of trees standing in the middle for chairs and tables—there was still a hearty welcome. The logs were piled on the fire, the steaming pots of tea were got ready, and the damper and fried beefsteaks were handed round without stint. Then, the scenery! At one moment there would be a break in the tall trees of the forest, and the travellers would emerge upon an open place—a small natural meadow—as green as emerald. Then there would be Jong avennes of trees that met overhead and completely shnt out the sunlight. Here, too, was the tall, straight cabbage-tree shooting np to the height of one hundred and fifty feet^ yet with a stem so light and slender that to cut them down and throw them across the creeks as temporary bridges was easy work for the aborigines or even the passing traveller. Through many miles of this varied country the travellers passed until they came to one of the outside cattle stations. Here they found a house of better appearance than usuaL It was well built of slabs, audit con tained several apartments, which was a rarity; for at the stations generally the huts were of one room each, and the sleeping accomoda tion consisted of sheepskins and old clothes spread across the floor from one side to the other. But the improved appearance of the dwelling-place which the travellers had now readied was soon explained. I ne stockman, wno nad dismounted, had scarcely reached the door, when a young woman stepped forward; and not only was this an agreeable fight in itself, bat it seemed most particularly to astonish one of the two strangers, who, after looking hard at the young woman's face, exclaimed— 4' What! old John Brien's daughter in this out-of-the-way place! Good Heavens! what shall we come across next?" - His companion, too, had been struck by .the appearance of one of bin own country women in the far-off bush, and as he was in advance of the other he began to enquire of her by what accident so favourable a repre sentative of old Ireland had thus reached the outside boundaries of civilization. " We have been transpor began the young woman sadly; but at this moment she fixed her eyes on the other visitor, and then she uttered his name—" Captain O'Connel!" with astonishment. "Captain O'Connel, who saved our lives," she went on—"and now standing at ting door* What a sight for my husband this blessed dayj!" Then the husband was called; the travellers tfere welcomed with unmistakable pleasure; and the tea, the damper, and the hied beef steak were more abundant than ever. The husband, too, tried his hand successfully at brewing a bowl of punch; and, with much joy at the presence of the Captain—to whom on some account he evidently felt himself a life-long debtor—he promised to find his guests excellent sport the next day at kangaroo hunting and opossum shooting. But how had it happened, thought the Captain's travelling companions, that two such people had become prisoners of the Crown? In their journey through the country they had met with many of the class (indeed with scarcely any other per sons), and they had experienced much hospi tality amongst them, whilst it was also common to hear them "chaff" a free man playfully on occount of his disabilities in not being so well off as themselves. In fact, the travellers had found them social and good tempered. But still the young Irishman and his wife had nothing of the convict stamp about them, and the wonder was what they had done to subject themselves to the penalty of transportation. "You seem to have known our host and his wife before," said the Captain's com panion, as they rode out next morning. " Yes," he replied, " it was in Ireland that the circumstances arose which brought the man McDermott within the reach of the law, and it was in connection with these circum stances that the wife had spoken of himself , as a friend and a benefactor." The Captain ; then related the particulars of their offence ' as follows, and those particulars can be verified by published facts :— I He was in command of a coast-guard j station in Ireland, and had long been on the , watch for a party of smugglers, who had managed to carry on their depredations : without being caught; for tbe whole of the population in the neighbourhood were on their side, and were as ready to assist them as they were to obstruct or mislead the ' soldiers. Still the Captain went on, in the hope of some day catching the offenders in the act, and at last he had information that there was a large cargo of brandy, tea, and sugar to be "run," and that the chief actors in this affair were to be an old smuggler— | Richard McDermott, and his four sous—one of whom—Robert—was the liveliest and most rattliug young Irishman in the country, i This young man, too, was the favoured lover of the daughter of a small farmer, who by no means approved of the match, and who, there is reason to suppose, was instrumental in putting the coast-guard officers on the scent of the smugglers. i At any rate, the Captain, with 50 men, was ready at the appointed time, and this force he took to the spot where the landing was to be effected. Some he stationed Hphind rocks, and the others sheltered themselves in the brushwood which grew along the path, by which the contraband goods were to be carried. The work, however, was not pleasant; for in addition to other disadvantages, the night was dark and rough, with occasional bursts of thunder aud lightning. But the darkness was what the smugglers required, aud towards midnight it became evident that they did not intend to disappoint those who were on the look-out for them. First a "blue light was seen for a moment or two on the rocks, not far from the spot where the soldiers were lying in ambush, and this light was presently replied to by a red light which flashed up seaward, and which for a moment showed the clear outlines of a lugger at a short distance off the shore. Then came the sound of footsteps and voices along the beach. "Is it the redcoats ye saw a marchin' out?" " Yis, by mesowL" ' " Thin it's the false signal at Worth Jroint that they'll be afther dropping upon. Show the red light an' let's have the job done afore they find out their mishtake." It was the voice of old McDermot that the Captain heard, and whilst this conversation was going on between him and his son three boats were approaching the shore from the vessel that had shown the signaL The fore most of the three, in fact, was already close to the beach, and in a few minutes the smugglers began to land. Then the Captain ordered his men to move cautiously down. But by some clumsy accident a musket went off, and at this sound the smugglers took alarm. Some rushed back to their boats, and others, who had advanced, pressed for ward to gain a pathway which led through the scrub. With these the soldiers at once closed, and there was a sharp struggle in the dark—the rain all the time pouring down in torrents. Swords clashed fiercely, and a pistol shot now and then told of close work ; but the military could not have made much use of their firearms if they had been so inclined. It was while this rough-and tumble fight was going on that a pistol was fired almost in the Captain's face, but the shot passed over his shoulder, and struck the man behind full in the breast. The poor fellow fell dead. At this moment the Captain seized the smuggler who was nearest to him, and held him with determined clutch until his arms and legs had been bound, when, with one or two others who had been secured further down the beach, he was removed, a close prisoner. This man was Robert McDermot, the eldest son of the old man who was at the bottom of all the mischief; and now the charge against him was that of murdering one of His Majesty's soldiers. On this charge he was in due course tried, and as he persisted in his refusal to tell who fired the fatal shot, though he declared that he him self was innocent, the Juiy found him guilty, and the Judge sentenced him to death. As a means, too, of striking terror into the smugglers it was ordered that the execution should take place in the immediate neigh bourhood of the recent outrage ; and here, heavily ironed in the dungeon of an old fortress, the unhappy prisoner awaited his death. In charge of this fortress was Captain O'Connel himself, and as it was his evidence which had told most strongly against the prisoner, whom he seized immediately that the fatal shot had been fired, he had urged him earnestly to tell the truth, and to save his own life by stating who it was had fired off the pistol. But the prisoner was silent and obstinate. He would not save his own life at the cost of another's. The law would therefore take its course. But on the night before the day of execution the Captain was entreated to let the prisoner see for the last time the young girl to whom he had hoped to be married. She begged for this boon with tears and prayers, and at last the officer consented. The interview took place ; and then the prisoner was left to prepare himself for death. But before morning there was a violent outcry in the prison. First of all, the sentinel on watch was heard to fire his musket. Then there was a rush to that side of the old fortress which overlooked an adjacent lake, and soon it was known that the prisoner had escaped. At this unlooked-for event the countiy was roused for miles around, and the coast was so keenly watched that it was impossible for the smuggler to get away in that direc tion. He was almost certain, in fact, to be recaptured, for there was reason to believe that a musket-ball had hit him whilst he was crossing the lake, so that he was pro bably too mnch hurt for exertion. In the meantime Captain O'Connel was suspended for his lax notions—and they were not uncommon in those days—of prison dis cipline ; and the young woman, Mary Brien, was arrested for having aided the prisoner to escape. She had managed, in fact, to give him a steel hie on the night of their inter view, and had afterwards procured a boat for him when he had got off his irons and broken away one of the bars of the prison. This, then, after five or six years had elapsed, was the young woman whom the Captain and his companions now met in the far-off Australian bush; and, as she truly said, he had been their greatest benefactor; for if he had not granted the interview which led to the escape, her husband, McDermot, instead of living to be a prosperous stock owner in Australia, would have perished on the gallows for a crime which he had not committed. It is true he was recaptured before he was able to leave the country; but, in the mean time, the smuggler who fired the shot and killed the soldier came forward and con fessed his crime. The sentence of death against McDermot was therefore commuted, and he was ad judged the smaller punishment of transpor tation for life to the lately- founded settle ment of New South Wale3. Here, too, as his wife, the brave- hearted girl, who had fought so heroically to save him from the gallows, was allowed to accompany him, and to heln him to build up a new home in the distant bush. How far they had succeeded in this the Captain and his companions had plenty of opportunities for judging. In a beautiful countiy, with an abundance of everything, the Irish stockman and his family were lead ing a happy, quiet life ; and though their forced exile was occasionally the cause of painful thought, yet there was much consola tion in the fact that their offence against the laws of their country had not been of that degrading character which robs the mind of all desire to live industriously and honestly. 