WEST ' SYDNEY ELECTORATE--THE NOMINATION. A publia meeting of tho electora of the abovo waa hold at noon yeaterday, in Wynyard-squaro, for tba nomination and election of a' membor to eorvo ia tlie Législative Assembly of New South Wales. Tho arrangements on tho hustings were remarkably convenient, comprising ample accommodation' for tho parties actively engaged in tho advanced political skir- mish, as well as for tho Press.' The hustings were surrounded by a strong detachment of police, under tho ' command of Inspector Reid, and with tho exception of incidental strong manifestations of assent and dUfent, ?ho proceedings wero orderly to tho close, Tho following gentlemen in addition to tho candi- dates wero on the hustings: Tho Hon Chorlos Oowpor, Hon. John Oampboll, W. B Dalloy, H. Parkes, and II. Clarke, EaqB., Mr. Sheridan Mooro, and Mr. Cole- man. Tho REfonsiKo-oiTiCEn (John Williams, Esq.) oponed tho proceedings by declaring tho object of tho mooting, and bespeaking a calm and impartial hears- ing for tho respective candidates, as also tho gentlemen , who would propose and second tho nomina'ion, so aa to : ; preservo tho orderly and peaceable reputation of West Sydney. Tho writ having been read, ho called upon the gontlemcn taking part in tho proceedings to address , tho mooting. Mr SHERIDAN MOORE said he had much plcasuro in nominating, though at a vory short notice, a can- didate «ho had sprung from the ranks of tho people, and who waa well qualified to represent tho iritorosts of a hardworking and intelligent couotituency lite that of West Sydney. Although ho (Mr. Mooro) ¿if 1 forod with Mr. Dransfiold on tko question of free trade 1 vorsus protection, their political sentiments were . Î gravitating fast to the eamo conclusion, and before ? ' long thoy would find Mr. Dransfiold advocating the s abolition of that templo of iniquity, tho Custom . house. Ho was there to propose honest Dick Diane* ! field-(derisive yells;-and ho was glad to seo his . namo roceived with such well-merited enthusiasm. [ (Laughter ) Mr. Dransfiold had pledged hirasolf, if elected, to got a working mon's onllego, and : employment for the - thousands of working- men now out of work-an economical omp'oynioni which should find them something to do, and bring, at tho eamo time, monoy to the coffers of the State. ? Mr. Dransfiold carno before them independently, not supported by tho advocates of the yollow lily on tho ono hand, nor byan old broken down political faction on tho other. Ho was an indepondont, it was quito tims that tho reign of faction ceased. Thoro was - every prospect of a fearful soason of drought, and tho legislators ought to drop fnotionnl 6trifo and work r togethor to avoid tho evils with which tho country W03 » threatened, and tho quarrola of tho yello* lily faction and eomo other vegetable production ought to coaso. ' Let thom s tri ko a blow at tho hydra-headed factions ; in tho Legislature. Ho would1 concludo by propising Mr. Dransfield-honest Dick Dransfield-as a fit and proper person to roprcsont West Syduoy in tho Legis« ; iilivo Assembly. 1 Mr. COLEMAN seconded ho nomination, and attackod ' tho secretary of tho Protectionist Loagu.-, though rcques ' tod by tho Rolurning-oilicer to koop to tho oubjeot. Ho concluded by saying that his principal reason for coming thoro waa to exposo individuals who had - joined protictionists merely to betray thom. Mr. PARKES came forward and was received with . mingled cheers and groans, which rendered it impoB . eiblo for him to proceed for some time. Ho said they ? would not hear their own caudidate before they had . heard him. Uo would stop thoro until they did hear him. (Renewed uproar.) He had como thora to . propose a candidato for their suffrages, and would atop . theroand eay what ho had to say ; and Mi. Oowpor 7 should not rpoik until ho (Mr. Partos) was heard. 1 Howou'dstop thoro until 12 o'clock at night, until ho was heard. Thoee few persons who had como there i, to mako that noise wero afraid of hearing tho truth. , (Uproar.) All tho noise aroso fromsom9 fifty persons, " who were a3harsed to hear tho truth. He had como thero to speak the truth, and thoy should hear him. The gentlemen to follow him wero not clecters of tho constituency. Uo wai ono himsolf, and if bo wai not heard, where was their right to be hoard ? and thoy might bo suro ho would bo hesrd ; and what wa« moro, tho gentleman whom ho proposed for olection would ho clo ted to-morrow, while those persons who j came.'' tlifro to mako that noiso would help Mr. Wca'rno's election. (Uproar.) It would have the . effect of inducing every honest man to vote for his (Mr. Parkes'^) candidate. Ho was not going to bo put down by oorno scoro of interrupters. Ho had to submit to them a gentleman who was, in his opinion, tho fittest man to represent them in the Legislativo Assembly, and wbon this great constituency was called upon to decido this important runtier, they would not bo swayed by tho inarticulate noises they heard there, but by reason and justice. Thoy had threo candidates from whom to eclcct. Of r Mr. Dransfiold he know nothing; but thought from tho speeches mado by his mover and seconder, that , thoy supported a protectionist candidate morely to denounce protection, because thoy had said no singlo word in support of Mr. Dransfiold's principles. The only inferenco was that thoy had lupportcd Mr. , Dranifield as tho bost mode of obtaining an opportunity ' to denounce his principles. As to thootber candidato, " Mr. Oampboll, he would say very littlo ef him. That ' gontloman had been put forward b.caUHo he was the | eon of one of the most honorablo men who ever lived j amongst them. (Cheers) But thoro was another a sido to ibis argument. If Mr. Campbell was sub- mitted to them because ho waa tho eon of an honor j ablo man, and becaueo he possessed a splendid fortune, , surely it was admissible to ask what ho would bo Q without th ceo qualifications. Supposing lie had como j on hie own merits alono, as Mr. "Woarao had done, 0 would there bo any hesitation ? (Cheers.) This was a £ time when every tub should aland on its own bottom. Lot ovory- man stand on his own merits. Wero thoy j to bo told in thia freo country that tho greatest con- stituency in tho country was to bo mado a family j borough ? Ho thought tho day had gone by for that r sort of thing. It waa not for services given that Mr. D Campbell was to ho foisted upon them as thoir repro» j scntativo. Ho was sure tho gentleman ho had to pro ^ pose-Mr. Joseph Wearne - would bo elected to morrow. 0 Who was ho ! Mr. Woarne was known to them 0 as a respectable member of eocioty-r-as an extensive j manufacturer and employer of labour,'and as an. j influential. citizen, Belying solely upon his own y strength of character and nativo energy, that gentle-. t man had mado good his claims to tho groat honor he now sought. (Cheers.) Ho (Mr. Wonrno) had told thorn his sentiments, that ho was in lavour of giving every industrious mau an opportunity of having a homo of bis own ; and ho was in favour of tho system of '? education, which would secure to every child in tho country that Bound instruo'.ion nocessary for tho pro- per fulfilment of social dutioi. Mr. VVcarno was also l" opposed to Stato aid;'whilo tho other candidate (Mr. J Campbell) was brought forward by a gentleman the ' most prominent opponent of the Publia Schools Act, 1 nnd supported by a man ondoavouring to striko a fatal r blow at tho liberties of tho people. This gentleman , (of whom ho last spoke) bolongcd to 'a class of politi ' cians who do not fpoak out ; who havo no purposo or object in life, but who get those young gentlemen ' privately pledge 1 to a particular course of conduct. Tho 1 electors must rceist all this uncertain- kind of thing. andinsistupon every candidato speaking out what ho . mi ant, and not give their votes to any man who did not'tell them plainly and openly, what woro his > colours, If this:. nae done, ho was ' BUXO tho roRult of this eieotion . would be that tho ' electora would approve of Mr Wearne's conduct ani 1 principles, and that to- morrow he would tako his scat 3 as a mtmber i of. the Legislativo Aaeombly. All that was wanted in this country was a fair Sold and no . favour; and..(hoy, .who stood on tho ground of I equality, ought never to sanction tho dootrino of any . man's «on being bitter than their own, and ho (Mr. Parkes) counselled-them never to give their votes for any man merely because' some ono oleo re'ndored ser- vices to tho country. 'Ha' know the electors of Sydney, 1 and thar, ns a rulo, thoy returned tho best man, and. 1 for that reason ho proposed, with ovary confidence, Mr. [ Josoph Wcarno as a flt and proper person to represent WeBt Sydney-in'the Legislativo Aesombly.. .('OhcciBO' '; 1 Mr. ÍIBIÍHT CLAHKB Booonded tho_nomination.,,;Ho l| said, that ofter Mr. Parkes* vory able «peooh thoro waa. 'j not tnuoh loft for him to say. Ho hud known'Mr. \ Wcarno for many years aa an honest tradesman, ^who ; was now independent.- Mr. Wearne's opinions ohJtho i Land Bill were moro liberal than oven. Mr. Robert i son's. Mr, Wearrio carno'- out iindor.no ono's: wink . (Cheers, and a ory'of.,',1 Parkes'pup.")''He had muan . ptoas'uré in Bocdnding t^oinbminatibn. 1 . .n.r i . Mr. CiiÁttLES CpwrErij'-who1 was loudly- choercuV i then came forwhfd, ' Hé áald 'hó was not-eo grentra i manas the propqsor 'bf' 'Mr.1 Wcarno-(laugnter)í ; therefore ,jio¡hopedthoy would deal gently with him. i Ho'was' not' lhere to ask 'anything' for himself, ? '¡Ho i' regretted that elements of .discord and bitterness'had , been Introduced into thi*B cdntcet- not by tho oapdidatos thcmselvc!, but by plausible- and deop deiigiiing '* > parties who had boen addressing public meotiii their behalf. (Cheers.) Ho behoved .Mr, Wea tie every thine 'bis proposer stated of him. believed him to be an exemplary and highly exe man, and was prepared to accopt him os merni they choso to elect him. But charges of im\ conduot had' been made by'some of the pari whom he had before referred-in ono insta deliberate falsehood had been told. (Hear, They had been told that Mr, Campbell's family opposed to his coming out That, gentleman's was now present en the platform to giyo that mont the lie. Was it to bo a chorgo against a g man that ho was tho son of ono of tho most hon' and , worthy colonists the country eyor had í should think if ' any ono thing recommend! gentleman moro than nnothor, it would bo that h good antecedents. lOhoers.) , Thoy had borin to throw thjs over altogether. He hoped thoy T judge for tbeineolvos, and not decide that becaus friend was tho son,,of Robert Campboll of tho W that,' therefore, they would reject bim on that ace Ho would ask them to givo Mr. Campbell an opporti of doing what ho desired. Ho was desirous of ; porting liberal measures: and thoy wero indobt his father as much as to anybody for tho right they had to voto. (Cheers.) Thoy were indebted to father for Stato-oid.', He was ono of tho most li members °f the Logislaturo about tho Land Act. the Act brought forward by him hoon carried, would, now.hayo what thoy were ecoking for. ' had boen told with o confidence almost charming Mr. WePrno was to ba at tho head of tho poll. 1 ho would Bubmit to tho decision ; bus ho hoped would not reject Mr. Campball on tho grounds sti Ho trusted they would support him to a proitoj on the ground of his fathor's torvices What inti mont was thoro for a man to sacrifico his lifo ia I service if afterwards they said, " You aro that fatl son, and therefore wo reject you." Wore thoy to bo that very oircumstnu'co was a ground for excluding eon from the Legislature ? Mr Campboll had: thom ho was in favour of every liboral measure, that he would not disturb thom; that ho would ¡ his support to .the Land Law, .Public Schools . Freo Trade, and giving employment to tho youl' the colony. They had to choose betwoon two get meiihoMing vory much tho samo principles, ft been suggested, that Mr. Campbell had'bcon brou forward by «orno gentlemen wishing to'havo a too the Assomhly, but ho thought tho gentleman ; posing Mr. Wcar'nn had much moro interest in has tools in tho Legislature. For his own. part, he ( Cowper) had come fo:ward to proposo Mr. Camp as an act of gratitudo duo to tho mtmory of his and esteomod friend, Hubert Campbell. ? (Lmd chet Ho begged to proposo Mr. William Robert Camp as a flt and proper person to represont West Sydi in tho Legislative Assomhly. (Oheers.) Mr. W. B. DALLEY said, thirteen years ago, a si spaco of time, but ono which included tho wi history of responsible government in thjs couni there was ono man represontihg tho city of Sydney the Legislature,, whoso character cornbined ov quality constituting a gentleman,. courageous, bo: ablo, Eolf- sacrificiiig, and most '(¡onerous, whogavo fortuno, his time, his worldly advantages, and o' loBt his lifo for his country. Such-a man waa fathor of tho oandidato whoeo nomination he (J Dalloy) was about to second. (Cries of What about son ?) Ho would speak of tho son presently. Servi rendered by great public servants ought to bo repaid their children. (Cheers ) Tho dobt which death f vented their discharging to their father, they ought pay to tho son. The best fecurity.thoy had for propor conduot inthoLegislaturo-was that he inhoril i tho responsibility of a great naree. This was, t ofinion of a man infinitely moe qualif to guido . tho public mind than J Parkes. Ono of tho most distinguís! British statesmen, in proposing a candida said: "Tho-imago of his father walks fofore hi: and boforo lu3 breast harbours a base thought must have sunk boyond ordinary degom-raoy." Ii Campboll. had two, circumstances to uphold him-t obligation of his father's character to bind him to honorablo courso, and tho fact that ho was propos by. the oldest, most un:elflèh, ablest and best pub servant they ever had. (Cheon) Mr. Oawpo." car thoro to say somothing of his old friend, and to sc thdso honors for' his sou which they ought to pb Heaven for'iid that ho (Mr. Dalloy) should seek exalt Mr. Campbell by speaking against tho otb candidates He agreed with all that Mr. Cowpor h said of Mr. Weam?. He had uover hbird of hi ; in any publio movement. But nt tho present tin i thoy had characters so infamous in publio lifo th they ought to bless God when a man crae forwa: ' who was without reproach. Mr. Campboll was young man of good information, courageous, and wi qualified to servo them. Thnro was no office in tl Country that would tempt Lim. Ho would donothir to disgraco himself or to shame tho memory of b father. (Loud cheers.) Mr. DruNSFir.LD ?aid ho had to complain of tl press of tho colony ; ha had not been reported as 1 ought to havo been at length; and ho proclaimed th tho press was unworthy the support of tl colonists. As to the respectability of tl candidates, thoro was not a question. ! ill became Mr. Parkes to speak of tl j private nnd social matters of any candidate. Tl j Treason-Felony Act ws3 pass'd bocauFo it was sa: ; there wore -Fenians in tho country. Had thoy four ' one? Whero was Mr. Parkes' ghost? Wil respect to O'Farroll-(loud groans)-this unfortnna ! madman. (Yolls.) Well, ho had dono with hin Ho wanted to say a word respcotin his family, who wero- most respectable peopl As to his (Mr. Dransflsld's) own political career, h was in favour of an cleotivo TJppor House, if ono wi , require.;] at all, hut he beliovod there would ultimatel bo a Federal Sonato for all theso colonies. In h opinion tho public ought to havo a voice in tb appointment- of magistrates. Ho was in favour c retrenchment properly cirried out. Ho was in favou of having tho country divided into districts, wit boards to take chargo of polieo, roads, and bridger 1 Ho wan in* favour of tho consolidation of tbo dobtc tho country. Ho advocated, at longtk a Nations Bank, Ho"was in favour of a protectivo policy. . Al goods wo can ' produis ho would pu j a duty on, lot others carno in freo. By an oxtrac from the Age, in Saturday's Evening News, tho; might seo tho good effect of protection. Tho gaol wore comparatively empty. It was proposed to di \- away with some of thom, and convort tho building i into industrial schools. Tho ad valorem duties liai boon a curso to tho country, a great injury to hones mercantile houses. If thoro was no probability o ; protection, ho would go ia for a fcasiblo schomo o froo trade- absolute. Ho advocated railway exton I' sion. Ho did noE agree with, tho romarin of Mr. Robert Stawart on this subjoot Robertson's Land Bill had boon ono of thogreatost blessings to this country, But he would extond it aud soil land at 5s. an aero. Ho would give fro grants to immigrants,, and froe.-granU to the nativ born. They wanted good water. They had sorioui floods from time to time. If an aqueduct was madi from about'Richmond, to the'Nepean, nndthoncot< Johnson's Bay, it ifould Bupply tho 'city with wator It would ómploy , 2000 ablerbodiod, mon for twp oi throe -'years. He was in favour of i públii library. Ho. was opposed to, State-aid. -Thon was St. Bar'nabas's, a freo churoh, no chargi .for paws,, and , fourteen hundred peoplo. ovorj Sunday hearing a 'man worthy tobo hoard, '.Educe* tion was. no'ceseary for tho poople.'. Ho would mak( education compulsory.' Mr. WEABKE thon carno forward, and waa receives! with much cheering. ? Ho said ho was not thoro tc oppose Mr. Campbe'l. Ho was in the field before Mr, Campbell ; BO that Mr. Campbell had come.forward tc oppose him; ? ; Ho would put what ho meant in as fow words as possible. Thc thoughtß ho had put on papoi were thoughts' whioh he had revolved for many yoarB, , (A voico: ^Wliae about < tho ; grist to tho,mill?) He would corne to that.presently. His views wero his own views., Mr,'.Robertson had said ho (iib. Woimo) would bo licked. (So you will) -Well, he nevor-went cap ia hand lo anyone. ?', But if Mr Robortson^had a '( majority in the Housei-which' ho (Mr. Wearno) did not .think-ho had-.(Oh)-ho would euppot him as muoh as his strongest supporters, as long os ho did what ho'(Mrr\Vearno)-thought~was right; andwhen Mr, Robortson, did what ho thought was not right, ho would : go . againsthim: BB strong,ras anyone. He did not como out undor > Mr. Parkes. Although he had not Mr. Bobert Campbell;aa his father, ho bad a father, that, ho-might) bo proud of ; tahd ho would rathor -have what his < father - loft him than .all the money in Sydnoy.. .His father'had* o' name no'ono could say;, My'thinijV^gainpt.,''. (AVy'qioo,:'." Wo. don't know hira;'and'wë know Campboll,)'. Well.i'inany of TOM3MMSrjnfty©4^ J[ havo independent" pnnoiplés'ô'Finy own that-I-h'avo"ihho ritedirom [la^father.,, I;liaye!a,gçpd deal .of. B/i^ish Ílnok in :^^'.l^'áfab4.<r^.íin|>/f>W'i principlès,, without 'áfk'ei or any ¡oao, èjbsè,. In .jjfetence tcVtbe'Ijind Act, it waa a great boon to 'tho country.' '.. For obtui 'iag, ia a house where half wore squatters, free eel« tioa before survey, Mr. Robertson deserves £ thanks of ¡the .country, ? But I believe mu more might ' be done, and ought to done, Although free eoleotion was right, they shou have blocks.of land'set apirt whero their famili could settle. Ile would rather givo tho land away tht not havo it settled. It WBB said they could not g honett surveyors to survoy the land. Ho did'n behove it. It would bo bettor for ;ho peoplo to ha' tho land surveyed. Ho was in favour of small squn tages where mon with a few eheop might settle dowi With these two additions to the present land law, the would have a very good ono indeed. (Cheers.) E bolieved tho Publio Schools Act noodod no altoratic whatever. (Choirs.I It is lair for all. (No, n< and yes, yes.) Ho had friends in all denomination/ and he novor put. one soot against another. Tt Publio Sohools Act afforded for all denominations goo secular instruction. Then Sabbath schools and parent influence- at homo would teach religion; and thoi was ono hour a day for roligious instruction in th schools, if desired. ? Ho had many reasons for regari ing this Aet as cquitablo Ho trusted it would have fair trial and no modification. Wo want a free publi library in this city, such as thoy havo in Melbourne whero all may go, without roforenco to class, and roa tho works of tho day. I om opposed, ho continuad, t tho postage on newspaper«. Less than £7000 a yea is rccoivod, and tho public aro deprived of cheap litera turo by it. Mr. lloborteon has promised this. I thinl State-aid is settled. I understand that ministers a present in receipt of State aid arc obliged to ofQciato ii tho colony, or they lose their money. I am fo economy in publio expenditure; lot.the- bcät men fil tho host offices, and pay thom well for it. I wouli like to seesomo other modo for men. to obtain place j under Government. - Lot there bo a certain educationa I teat, so tbat tho rioh man's son and the poor man's BOI could undergo tho teat, and bo equally eligible fol situations.- (Cheers,)' Our: noble harbour should bi bettor protected. Tb ero should bo a commisBioi to consider the best means.of protecting tho harbour so las to bo safe from any foreign power. I am t -thorough believer in freo trade. (Cheers ) Mr. Drans field is all for protcolioa. I bolievoa largo city Uki this should bi represented, by a person who holds free trade. There is a city debtof £400,000 owing to th< Government. I believe that debt, should bo covered by tho consolidated revenue. It was so intended tc bo 4 but when Mr. Wookea came into tho Govornmonl ho still stuck to it. Tho next thing is Darling Hur hour; I boliovo that is a .Government undertaking "We should havo Darling Harbour equal to tho Circulai Quay. The next subject is the water supply. I believe water should bo brought from the Nepnan above Menangle Brid;/o. Where my friend Mr. Dransfleli spoke of, I do not think tho wator ia higher.than Syd- ney. I want wator ta How to Sydney by its own gravitation, without any costly engines, as at presonl used. Thu next subject waa railways ; ho thought thc trains should bo cheaper.and moro frequent, so thal thb working classes could live out in tho suburbs. He thanked them for tho hearing thoy had privm him.. Il j thby oiocted him, ho would go into that House to do hie : duty. (Choors, and cries ot So you will.) Hohadalarr/c business at tho foot. of Bathurst-strcet. He I had workod hard whilo ether mon were nsleop : -and so he had. got that mill. If ho wonl into tho . Houso, he ? would not nogtoct his business. If he found tho work of tho Houso interfered with his business, ho would rosign Iiis seat, and stick to his busineîs. But ho lolioved ho could do his duty and attend to his business at tho samo time. If ho went into the Houso ho would go thora independent, tied to norean. (Cho.rs) Work for mo, ho said in conclu sion, to-morrow; thero isa strong opposition, and I do not fear tho ros'ilt, I nover did say ' dio." (Choors ) Somo of tho olecbrs wishing to ask question. Mc. Wearne prornisod to :anBwer any questions after Mr. ¡ Campbell had spókon". > .? . ? ¡ j Mr. WILLIAM HOBEBT CAMPBELL thon carno forward and waa received- with much cheering. Hi\ Baid, only for tho dastardly attack, mado'on'him by Mr. Parkes on Friday night, he would not havo como forward to- day-he wa3 too unwolli But he had boon askod by the most influential peoplo in this electorate They had thought him a flt and proper poison to represont tho olectorato. They had known him over tinco ho was a child. Ho was born and bred in this city, and would probably live and die hero. (Cheers.) Ho bo lipvcd ho was a Ct and propor' person to represont them, although he had hoon nttacko'l in every way, But bo would chow Mr. Parkes that he should noi attack him without tho slightest provocation. Why did Mr. Parkes attack him ? Because by his insol- vency his (Mr. Campbell's) father loit hundroris and hundreds. (Cheers and uproar.) Mr. Parkes always Bhowed ingratitude. Ho wont to Mr. Darvall's chambers, and Mr. Dirvall tried to mako a barrister and a geHtlbisan of him; yet ho afterwards wont up and opposed Mr. Darvall at Maitland. (Hear, hear.) Whon tho Eitr-rnE waa staned, his (ilr. Campbc-ll'n) father, his undo, Daniol Cooper, and others gavo. him a start. (" Go it Willie ; give it him.") ,How did ho rotura their kindness? And so with everything he did ia his lifo ; ho mado as bad a uso of it as a man could do. He would read a small part of tho sp .ooh ho (Mr. Parkes) mado on Friday night. (Mr. Oampboll then read portions of Mr, Parkcs'a speech at tho Masonio Hall, in which ho spoko of Mr. 'Wearne's opponent I.B a 3"oung man who had not a siagle opiaion of hia own.) What, he continued, does he know about my opinions ? I will give you my .opinions dircotly. , I do not caro to know much about Mr. Parkeb's opinions.,' W'hoaro supporting mo in this election? Some of tho great ornamonts of tho Legislature. They ought to know Mr. Parkes goos on to say what I can prove, to bo per- fectly false. "(Mr. Oampboll then road aaothor por- tion of Mr. Parke3's speech, in which ho said that Mr. Campbell's family'.woro sirongly opposed to his coming forward; and that ho was a mero tool in tho hands of other men.) That was a doliborato falsehood. Thoro was bia uncle . on . tho platform, tho Hon. John Campbell-(loud choors)-to refuto that stafomont. They had had enough of Mr. Parkos, and had dono with him.' . Ho (Mr. Tarkos) did:not caro ono straw what he djd or said so1 long as ho got into office Ho talkod' well, and would tread-on you when he grit n chance;-ho .would tura on you Uko a -snake (Choors and opposition.) In another part of the apocch he attacked his (Mr. Campbell's) private character. (Ho read a portion of Mr "Parkes' speech, in which he eaid ho liked to see a man- who could stand erect and look rae» in tho face, and who, if ho married a wi lo, would stick to her. ) Ho (Mr/. Campbell) had dono nothing to bo ashamed of. Ho was not ashamed to stand irect hoforo Mr. Parlies. Without any vanity whatever, hn could sot himeolf up, as far aa good looks \vcnt, with Mr. Parkes. (Laughter and choers.) Mr. Parkes waa tho last man who should talk about private charactor. Whbñ Mr. Parkes went to ISogland, ho had heard lhat he left his wifo horn.without anything al all. Ho (Afr. Oampboll) had dono nothing but what was honorable. Ho nover .loft anyóño bolonging to him without enough to got what thoy likel, They said he wai not definite enough in Tiis address, Ho had Biid . he would . , maintain tho prosoat land law, and ' lot : no ' ono touch it-not oven Mr. .Farltos. (Cheers.) Mr. Wearne talked auout thó Land Bill. Why,' ho supposed ho (Mr. Wearne) had novor be:n out of Sydney in his ?lifo. Ho (Mr. Oampboll) had ,b?en south, north, 'and ¡west-hoyond Fort Bourko : ' and ho paid hia own exponeos. (Cheeta ) . Ho had scon freo selcotora, and thoy wero all well sntisflod with- tho law.- If any complained, ,it waa.only of tho seasons.7 Ho was in Jingera bnco-just bbforo thoso unfortunate victims of ? IMr. PaVkes-wbro murdered^ Ho found tho people nil' ja á .comfortableipositióri, and they nBked him to como in ind'have a':'cup(of tea. He had' no neod to go 'thrdugh tho country with polirie boland to guard him. Sf a maa attacksd'him ho would fight him' . (Choors.) &o; would not rë-bpeh'' the' 'State aid quostion. .Thoy would have no moro 'Stato-aid. 1 If peoplo would ¡not support their own religion they did not bolievo ¡anything. Ho had not-plodged himself to any .party. [But ho would bo rhoro willing to' support Mr. Robert Isön and his'party than'o'thera. Ho was brought up ¡with them. 1 Thoirideas had boon instilled', into him bince ho was a youth. ' 'Hc/'was not strong enough to tay moro Ho trusted that to- morrowi- his friondp would rally round him and make a-good- show._-If thoy elected- him it-would bo: an- ineontlvo- to him to work for thom a« tong as he was in tho House. Ho thanked thfoni;for $o;paMeijt hearing'and; warm recop tion they ha,d¡gjvea him. "iMuok.oheoHngj).. , Tho RETonNiNo<pilcba.thon 'billed lor a "show of hands» Voty fow/handa,wero hold up for Mr-.tyraoB-, field ;'about iino-thircl of those present Jol. vated tliçii haMs'iorMri^AVMraeVand tltbBhowbf handS for Mr" Cam7'oé¡l¡'ophipr'l8ed thoaV of 'atfu'oat'th'è whole' Ut tba rémWrider ortho 'oledt'óra" tresant: ..1 Tho '-'Returning-. officer aocordinglj; declared the eleotibhn'to ba ' in' Mr, W*AR^ demand°a 0'P°M> ahd'tho^Réturning : o'fefcer declared'th^t Éhe.poll'wl'tild bo'taken to morrow (this uayVoit#eon'8 ititi and'4p.m.; '.. Mr. DUANSFIELD again coma forward, and. said ho sawjtbat this election waa to be. a trial' of strength between parties, and as ho wasnowhoro;" he resigned the contest, and left tho fight to . Mr. Campbell and Mr. Wearno. Ho mored a vote of thanks to tho, Returning-offlcer, ! Mr. CAMPBELL seconded the rastion, and tho pooplo responded with cheers for Mr. "Williams. This terminated tho proceedings. . Tho poll will bo taken at tho following plao'es: - A. B 0.-Rooms at tho lato Town- Hall, Wyn-' yard-square, right hand sido as you enter. D E F G. - Room's at tho lato Town Hall, Wynynrd-squaro, loft hand sido as you outer. H I J IL- Rooms at No. 50, Wynyard square, throe doora north of tho late Town Hall-.- . L M N O. The Qeorgo-street Police Court, Gooreo-Weot. P Q R S.-Tho lower floor of tho hustings, Wynyard square. T to Z,-Tko upper part of tho hustings, Wynyard-squaro. 