If OHRISTCHUROH SCHOOLROOM. j Tip foundation-stone of Christchurch School room'was laid on Saturday afternoon, Septem ber 26, by Mrs. Hamley, the lady of His Ex cellency the Acting Governor. The'sitebf the' proposed building is in Jeffcott-street, nearly opposite Christchurch, anditwasindicated by a number of gay flags. The time fixed for the ceremony was half-past 3 o'clock, and as that time approached a very large number of persons, including many influential lady and-gentleman colonists,-assembled. Just - prior to the cere mony a number of the Sunday-school scholars marched from the church to the'western boun dary- of the new school-room, where a platform was erected for their accommodation. A num ber of clergymen—the -Very ltev.-the Dean, the Venerable -Archdeacon.Marry at, Revs. G. Dove, D. J. H. Ibbetson,'J. Pollitt, H. M. Pollitt, ■ G. Dove, H.' Hewitt, T. R. Neville, Green, — Jenkins, E. -Garrett, and W. B. Andrews—also took up a position within the rope lines, and shortly afterwards His Excel lency and Mrs. Hamley, accompanied by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short), the Rev. Canon Parr, Mrs. Short,: Miss Short, and a large party of ladies and gentlemen, arrived from Bishop's Court. • An order of Service for laying the foundation- stone of the school, which had been prepared for the. occasion, was then commenced.Hymn 164 was sung, and .the 122nd psalm was^ohanted,-after .which the Yen.Y Archdeacon read prayers; • Psatml27 'having; been, chanted,'-.the .Ven. "Archdeacon; read a document, of .which the following is'abopy The foundation-stone. of.:, Christchurch School was laid in-the nanie of: the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, on Satur-. day, the 26th day of September, ..a.-d.- 1868, by Mrs. Hamley, wife of His' Excellency the Acting Governor, in the 32nd year of the feign of Queen Victoria, in the ,22nd of. the Episco pate of Augustus. Lord Bishop of Adelaide, and in the 32nd of the foundation of, the, colony; Colonel Hamley, oOthRe'gimenfc (Queen's Own) being Acting Governor' of this province; Charles Marryat, M.A'.,, Archdeacon ,of Ade laide, being Incumbent of Christchurch; J. , Winnall,-, J. S. Dellhouse, IVardens ;" ,T. , WV. Mitchell,!. F. Wicksteed, H. Gawler,-. F.. - J. Sanderson, Synodsmien;' the Lord Bishop, M., MacDermott, H. Gawler,- "VV., Bartle.y ; F. J. Sanderson, Trustees. Of this school Archdeacon. Marryat, Messrs. F." J. Sanidlefson,, JN-Winnall, J. S. Bellhouse were the Building Committee.; Messrs. "Wright, Wo'qds,V Hamilton, • archi tects;; G. Bradley,,, bmlder. ,'God"'bless the Church.; God saye .the Queen.'.'. '.. . • • , ; The document: was then-placed. in a .bottle, which was depositedina-cavity, .and,; the stone having been- -partly, -lowered-, .- Mrs. Hamley spread the mortar-with a'silver trowel, pre sented to her on the occasion, and the stone having been embedded in the mortar and adjusted, -Mrs. Hamley-gave -the orthodox-taps with a mallet and said, " I declare this stone to be well and truly laid, in,the name of the Father, and of .the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." After prayer a collection-was made, the Archdeacon intimating, that £500 ..was re quired to complete the building, and'during this interval the 229th hymn was sung. Prayer followed, after which the Ven. Archdeacon sug gested that they should sing the 222nd hymn, which although a prayer for those in peril at sea, might appropriately^ be sung on that occasion, when,two ladies (Mrs. and- Miss Short) who had. recently been upon the sea were amongst them that • day.^ The hymn having been- sung accordingly, His Lord ship the Bishop said he thanked the Archdeacon and Incumbent of that parish for- his.'kind allusion to the return to these shores of his dear wife and daughter. He could not but feel doubly thankful not.only.for his domestic hap piness being so much increased, by the return of'those nearest and dearest to him,- but also because they had returned in time to be present on the auspicious occasion of laying the founda tion-stone . of .a school for the instruction - of future youhg: Australians. God was the founda-' tion of all happiness, and there' was no happi ness without'goodness. Having enlarged this thought, His Lordship' said there was another subject in the selection of the Psalms that day. It was that peace might be within these walls and plenteousness within these palaces. _ Oh! what was this world without that peace within; issuing in peace without ? and how could they expect a blessing on their efforts, temporal, spiritual, or ecclesiastical, unless the peace of God was shed abroad in their hearts.? As God in His mercy had brought in safety to their haven those whom he loved dearest on earth, so he trusted that that would be an omen that He would also speak peace to the troubled, heart and still the waters .and waves which had carried- some little trouble into their com munity. Let them bury all the .past in the present. : Let them forget everything which' had given them offence. Looking at' the objects for; which the building they had coin menced was designed, he prayed that peace might' abide, within those walls, and ' great plenteousness, and that the • new schoolroom be made a great blessing. During His Lord ship's address, a lady was taken suddenly jll and had- to be carried away, which caused si little excitement for a short time. His Lordship having pronounced the blessing, the formal pro ceedings terminated. Before separating, how ever, hearty cheers were given for His Excel lency.Lieut.-Colonel Hamlmr. It may here be re marked that the interior dimensions of the new structure will be 60 x 30 "x 25 feet high. It will; be built of rubble stone with brick dress ings^ There will be a porch and a verandah .on the east end facing the street, and a three-light window above.'1A bellcOte spire will be built at; the .south-east; corner. ..The.estimated cost is £970, And it is expected to be completed in about three months. Messrs. Wright, Woods, and| Hamilton .are the architects, and Mr. George Bradley..the.-.contractor.The.amount realised, by the collection was between £34 and£35. . .' - '.'. ; 