GYMPIE. (Prme t/e oimer of teeday and 77crsdaqy.) The news brougot by the last Suez mail of the South African gold-fields has created quite a sensa tion amongst our mining population, many of whom with characteristio decision have decided on making tracks at once for that country. Durilg thie week between forty and fifty men have left en routse, for Mel bourne, which it is expected will b le th principal portof departure. When a distant gold-fieldattracla miners, it is useless for the press to tell them to be patient and wait for fuller news from this rcmole region; such advice is always disregarded. 'The distance from the sea coast-7fi0 miles-of the re ported locality of thie gold discovery is looked upol as no drawback, as one old West Coast man told us that "with a box of matches and a pinch or two of salt he'd carry his snwg from end to end of Africa." Though this assertion may be a little boastful, yet it shows the spirit with which these gold-seekers under take their journey, and surmount difficulties that ordinary men would shrink from. If the next mail brings any further confirmatory news there will be an extensive rush set in from all the colonies, and the eontingent from Gympie will not be the smallest or tihe pooreet. As it is, notices of property for sale are posted up, " owing to the proprietor leaving for Africa." Parties are being made up, and we know of a company formed to despatch a competent agent to the "rush" to secure ground and send back reliable information by the gquickest route. A change in the weather took place on Friday evening, when a steady heavy rain fell during the whole of the night, with frequent showers during Saturday, giving a full supply of water to fossickers and oolig the air, much to the gratification of every body. Sunday was fine. On Monday afternoon the air was very sultry, peals of thunder became frequent, and about 4 p.m. thebo sky to tihe south-west became overcast withl unusually heavy black clouds. Sud' denly, and with but little warning, a shower of the heaviest hail stones fell that we ever saw, and conti nued till the ground was quite white with them. Hailstones do not convoy a proper donception of these missiles from tbhe clouds-the piscrs were like lumps of ice partially thawed, flast, with jagged edges, many resembling an eightpointed star. We measured one piece and found it was 3O inches long, l1 incites wide, and about half an inch thick.. This curious shiOtwer lasted no more than 7 minutes, and did little damage. The Presbyterian Church was opened for tile first tdme on Sunday last, when three services were held by sev. I. Mackay, who preached a sermoein in thie Gaelic dialect in the afternoon. She attendance on eachl .occasion,was tolerably numerous, and tihe collections creditable. Itwas intimated by the minister that he intended to establish a Sabbath-school in cohnection with the church, and requested parentsnto send their children next.8pnday at 9.80 a.m. and 2.30 p.m., so that they may be formed.into classes and other arrangements made.. The new building is 46 feet long by'26 Owide; the twaUlls are 13 feet high, and the total heighta.sbout 4 feet. There are eight windows, and ventilation appears to be amply provided by means of spaces between the flooring boards down the centre of the.church. About 200 persons can be conalfortably soeted within the building. At prseilt all that ro mains to be done is to furnlish the requisite number of seats, but at some future time, it is intended to add a rentry and platform. t?ce pioneer coach of Cobb and Co. arrived from Brisbane by thle overland route on Tuesday, at 5 p.m., 'having left Brisbane on Sunday afternoon. This trip was not the commencement of tlie regular traiffic, the coach being required at this end of the line; the opportunity pf forwarding it was taken advantage of to make a finalinspection of the arrangements at the .earious changing stations on the road, so as to guard against any hitches when the regular trips commence. The first coash leaves either terminus to-day. It is isitended for the present to run only twice a week, to be extended if the tra~ilo requires it. Considerable datisfaction .was expressed on Tuesday as the well built comfortable coash sped oel its way through Mary-stret--a?ll feeling that there was now every likelihood of regular postal commounication with Brisbane and thIe Southern colonies. A sad coase of death by drowning happened on Saturday afternoon. The name of the deceased was George Mann, aged one year .and nine months. From thle evidence elicited st a magisterial eniquiry held on Sunday, it appears the little boy was missed by his parents, who live at.the back of the English Churech,Township Hill. After looking for hIim for about.ten minutes, lie was found dead by his brother iu a waterhole which had been passed twice during the search. There is no , ,ubt that the poor little boy fell into thie waterhol.: .soaidentally. 'In our advertising columns will be found the pro gramme of our Christmas Meeting, on the 29th and 80th December, which, considering all things, is a very decent one indeed. There will be two days' racing, the prises for each day being £105. s l'ae .Oadstone Observer has been told the following about " Connt' Von Attems, by a friend who had an interview with a passenger from Cape York :-The Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count on board, put into Somerset (Cppe York), on or about the 15th ugunst.. On being boarded. by the police boat, he made, inquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and on .being answered in the affirmative, be came agitated: and eagerly inquired about her move mients,.but qppeared relieved when told that the vessel eas H.M;S. Virago, and that abe had left the settle mentin January. He remained eight days, and dtring. the' whole time kept a bright look out for vessels in the offing.: .The captain and crew were discharged in consequence of arow between the '*Count" and the captua,inwhichrevolverawereddiawn. The erewrefused to put the.captain in irons. It appears that the Count had.kept thqm in awe by threatening to give them twenty-fivea.lashes a-piece, when he fell in with the Austrian frigate he was always expecting. The Acting P.M. induced the crew to re-ship, under a fresh agre. ment, all but the captain.and steward, who remained behind. . While in port the Count was always dressed in the uniform oT an Austrian captain of cavalry, and wore, a'word when on shore. He made'a great dis play. of the money. he .hadwith him, and purposely left hills, of exchange lying 'abolt his cabin for -isitors to .see, many of. which were filled in for lar.e. amounts, 'and 'only ianted his signature. He succeeded .in imposing. upon 'the authorities, taking supplies for l his vessel' and paying for them .in bills, 'which the holders will doubtlees discover . are. about 'as valuable' as drafts upon Aldgatoepump. Among:those.who were swindled are' two ,naturalists, .one. named lThorpe.' The Count bought stuffed.birds. &c.;, from them, to the amount of about £30, but some slight compunction' must have tonucled him, for contrary to his custom lie paid them h'lf cash and half by a bill.: He sailed for Batavi'soh the eighth day, leaving letters for the eaptaini of the Austrian .frigate, and his bankers .i Sydney ! The 'frigate was ordered to follow hinm on to Timor. The 'captain he has with him is one Austin,; late muster of the brig Reliance, which was wrecked on the Solomon, Group. .He was picked up and brought into Bowen, whence he shipped as mate on board the. H'HTmlet's Ghost. Two days after 'sle left Somerset, the schooner. Captain Cook arrived from Bowen with a warrant for thie arrest of the" Count." We have been informed thlat a petition willtbe pre se.ited against Mr. Atkin's return for Clermont, add' that the. necessary £100 has been subscribed to be .placed to the credit of tlhe Speoker of the Asscmbly, ,prior.to presentinct the petition. We 'find that tlihero is heo prospect of.Mr. Fyfe taking tihe seat, even if it should obe declared vacant, as Ilis name, though it .appared : on the Port. Curtis roll for 1807-8, was omitted on the roll for 1868-9. Mr. Atkin Ihas a _bonafse qualification for Roclkhsmpton, though not the qualification under which he was registered on the all of .last year as ".householder." Mr. Fyfe, if we mistake not, had no qualifcation in the Port Curtis district, though his name appeared on the roll last year ie "Crown leaseholder.' He lhas a qualification in the Leichhardt district, but we are informed tihat Isis name is not registered on the roll of that distriet. If the seat should be. declared vaecant, neither Mir. Atkin nor Mr. Fyfe can be a candidate for Clermont, or for any othler constituency, as thile present rolls will he in force until Juno next year. In regard to qualifications of members of the Assembly it is prorided thlat any peroson " who shall be qualifiel and registered as a voter in and for anoy electoral dis trict within the said colony sleall be qualified to bIe elected a member of thle Legislative Assembly for any electoral district within thle said colony." Registra tion as a voter is nmade a condition, but in thle case of SMr. Atkisn and Mr. Fyfo the condition was not ful. filled, not by any fault on their part, but, it would appear, by some clorical oversight or error, or by illegal action on the part of tile bench of Magistrates. The Elections Committee will not. consent to unseat a member on more technical grounds, unless party con sideration bias tlheir decision. They are bound to follow not so much the mere letter of tlhe law as its spirit and substance. If they act in this way, Mr. Atkin's election will be valid. - locklnptonl .Bulletion. 