Thodgh, no doubt by this time, the great bulk of the electors of the Kyneton Boroughs have made up their minds regarding the eleetion to come off on Thursday, and, notwithstanding that we feel confident that the return of Mr Sands, by a decided majority, may be looked upon as certain, still we feel it our duty to lay before the public the fullest information regarding the contest, and to ex pose some of the tricks and fallacies resorted to by certain interested individuals, in order to impair, if . that were possible, his chances of success. The public will, no doubt, make every allowance, in election tiaaes, for a little latitude being given to candidates, and their agents and partizans, but not to the extent of propagating falsa statements, and of making assertions - they know to be untrne. . In the first plaoe, then, we have, in the most unqualified manner, to contradict the assertion, that Mr Sands is, or ever was, in any way connected with the Opposition, or doing anything to promote the interests of the obstructionist party. His whole public career gives the lie to such a statement, and his published address, in the most distinctmanner, refutes the libel. It is equally untrue that Mr Sands, or any one for him, ever offered directly, or indirectly, that he would retire from the contest for the Kyneton Boroughs, if. his expences were paid, or if a sum of money, were given him for the purpose.*: . The .parties propagating these falsehoods, had, of eonrse, their - own selfish objects in view, in doing- so. They "know-'well, Indeed most of .. Mr • Tucker'e v prominent. agents do, -that their - candidate "has not the ghost of a chance of success,, aad yet, though these patriots are well aware &*at Mr Sands is the«nly liberal candidate who can successfully compete with Mr M'Kenna, they vainly attempt to do him injuij. If any one is playing into the hands of the Opposition it is Mr Tucker, who, some weeks Ago, deserted the Kynaton district, to thatparty, when he-went to coquet with' the constituency of Castlemaine, after having some time previously given audience to a deputation ~ of Mr M'Kenna's friends in Malmsburj, -who promised to obtain for Mr Tucker the support of the Waterworks men, and of the Opposition party generally,' at both Malmsbnry and Tar&d;&ie;, so as to return him for CaBilemaine. It was at this time, and whils t the Opposition party in Kynston were felting lo work 'for Mr'M'Kenna, for the. Kyneton Bnrougliir'^hat Mr Sands took the field, in the Uberal interest, for this d istriot,after havingreceived pledges of support,-and promises, tbatwere ^j£cient to satisfy.him, that-there was svery probability >of Jiis^uoBeśs/ "We have only ło jioint to, the tbree hundred -names, jaiid. upwa^lsi' of* electors, attached to his requisition in anotberi column, tq.provc that lie wąs warranted.in sarjr, :we conld add «ixtyjlidditiona]^names thatwiBr^appendedtothatrequ^ 'for -pra^kal naroiu^^e^thli^ ffi||imd these there is still a Mse'rvp'of 'ńoń^muta' hoadnd 3nsn, who sredetennined to Totolor the only liberal candidate, and pledged supporter of the Ministry, who can defeat the Opposition, and they well know that Mr Sands is lha man. For the information of Mr Tucker and his few well meaning or designing friends or agents, "who are attempting to throw dust in the eyes of the electors, and for the satisfaction of the public generally, we may state thBtj from the reports of the several committees, organised throughout the district, to secure Mr Sands' election for the Boroughs— consisting of 27 gentlemen in the Malmsbnry division, 28 at Woodend, 35 inCarlsruhe, and 78 in Kjneton—where the Central Committee meets, there, is. bat one opinion prevalent, namely, that Mr Sands will, altogether, poll over twe votes to Mr Tu«ker'« one, and that, evaa with the loss of some 160 or even 200 votes thrown away upon Mr Tucker, Mr Sands will still obtain a victory over Mr M'Kenna, by being placed, by a considerable majority, above him at the top of the poll. We know, indeed, that Mr Tucker has, in reality, no stronghold anywhere, not even in Malmsbury, where he will have a hard struggle to hold his own, witli Mr Sands, or even with Mr M'Kenna. His chances in either Garlsrnhe, or Woodend, are literally nowhere. In rtio former, he may get about a dozen v >lus, and, in the latter, much the same. In Kyneton he never was popular, and his only chanoes cow against a most aUgraceful*' defeat, _ hert.jareihy' the; -people being deluded into the idea, that, in other places he stands any way well. Never before was a candidate driven to such shifts. Qe has got a sham committee on paper, that ; never yet were brought together—a great portion of whom are non-electors, and fully one.balf, we believe, never authorised their names to be placed there. Of oar own knowledge we know of over a dozen, whose names grace the list, that never authorised it, and who are active supporters of Mr Sands, and working hard to secure his election. In a similar manner we see upon it names of some of Mr M'Kenna's supporters. So much for this sham committee! But, it may be said, Mr Tucker has gat his "ticket" from Melbourne, and obtained a sort of recommendatory letter from Mr M'Culloch. Granted. But, how were they obtained? and of what value are they? and to what extent will any such dictation or interference avail, with the electors % Were Mr Tucker a stranger, or all three candidates strangers, these begging letters, or certificates of chhracter, might be of some value. The people of Kyneton, however, are able, in the present case, to judge for themselves, and, we feel aspired, are determined to do so, in regard to which of the candidates they are to vote for. The genuine Liberals among us will dp this the irore readily, when they have learned that Mr Tucker has actually been soliciting aid from his squatter friends, to help him out in the eontest, and even went to Melbourne for that purpose. But this is beside the question. It is for the electors to judge for themselves, as to which candidate is the most likely to look best after this interests of the district, and of the colony generally. Mr Sands, as his address sets forth, is pledged to take his seat ontheMinisterialside ofthe House, and to give the same support to the Ministry as he ever accorded to them, daring the past two Parliaments. That he will be returned by a sweupiug- uinjuritj, if the electors Bra onlymindful of their own best interests, and true to their principles and pledges, there cannot be a shadow of a doubt, and we have every confidence that the result of the polling, on Thursday next, will demons tato this, at every polling box in the four divisions of the district. In reference to a false statement, put forth by certain badly informed, or prejudiced parties, that Mr Sands, though coming forward as a candidate on the Ministerial side, is only playing into the hands of the Opposition, we have that gentleman's authority to give it a flat contradiction. Moreover, we were authorised, by his Central Committee, at a meeting iield by them, last night, at which some forty members were present, to'state that there is not a particle of trnth in any such insinuation- On the contrary, thesecretary ofthe Sands' Central Committee wrote two or three letters to Melbourne, apprising the supporters of the Ministry there, 'and the Association, supposed to enjoy their con6dence of the state of matters here in the Kyneton Boroughs, respeoting the election, and to the effect, that Mr Sands was pledged to support the Ministry, -as he bad always heretofore done, and that he would take his seat on the Ministerial side of the Soubb, as his address clearly sets forth. This, the Hon. Secretary did, we lesrn, with the full knowledge ani approval of Mr Sands ; ^and, it is a further proof, on the part of his Central Committee, that they had every confidence in him as a candidate, and that he was, and is considered by the Central Committee, here, and justly so, to be iim liberal candidate, and staunch supporter of the Ministry,- who is -deserving of the support of the electors, aud the one whom they are determined to return, in opposition either to the representative of the obstructionist party, and the advocate-of retrograde opinions, Mr M'Kenna, or to the squatters' nominee, Mr Tucker, "whose want of popnlarity and utter hopelessness of meeting with any success, as a candidate for the representation of the Kyneton Boroughs, at present, every intelligent, liberal minded .elector is well aware of. It was in consequence of tlus, that Mr Sands'committee, throngh their Secretary, wished to advise the Liberal Beform Association, in Melbourne,' correctly on the matter, so as not to be misled on the subject, and, thereby, in reality, bB playing ^nto the hande of the Opposition. • The polling at the last batch of elections will Jtake place on Thursday, beginning at 9 a.m. and -closing at 4 p.m. In Kyneton there are three candidates. Twoof them, Mr Sands and Mr Tncker. are in the liberal interest, aad supporters of the Mińistry; and Mi M'Kenua'it in die interest of the Opposition. The polling, as indicated by advertisement, will take place at Kyneton, Carlsruhe, Malmsbury and Woodend. We .would.impress upon voters the desirability of being early at the poll, in order to record, theirVotes; and we would especially draw the attention of .those who yobs by virtue of electors' rights, to the, necessity of, bringing. their rights with them to tlie polling booth, otiierwiBe they cannot be allowed to give their vote. Further, unless two. out'ofthe thiye names are struck out of the-voting {taper, by those coming to "the poll on ThnrBdayv«ó th*t only one name 1b left nnmirked upon it, 4he-vote will be of no inMDft,''-' I'.'.K .i.Vi'. • • ' .. We are requested to state, that the Clionil Society will hold an .jertra rehearsal, thiE (Tuesday).«^ging, in the Mechanics' Institute, at 6o'dock. : - r Wie referet to learn ,th»t a łeiy. iseiiouB -jfirs ; tobkpTace atMrMosesiiawiy's fcrm,fiayntoB, =on Friday' tvening last. Mr Anthony fWatson •vnaaag^ed thiashingsome oattfor MrLowiy,- v^hen.'St is s^ppbsed.^ spiirk -firom the «ngine "set the 6tack on firej The flames spread yety |apidJy, ^nd. c?nia«bt Sb>;^6t"5Wnderi^cBbme1 i,'5U9bMb'e)s óf batsw^ ^ojvaslhfi thrashing xaachine/and aiquanjfifer^Ipiiit.'"vt'TMpe|ire the flbTrjparticSdańłW i m t M a w i i i i ą f c l ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ '* ' ' The " attempt is being made to compromise the clergy of one ofthe religions denominations in Castlemaine, by a report that they are endeavouring to influence the elections in favour of the Opoosition. A card lies before us, headed— •' Vote tbus "—the names of the three Ministerialists being marked out. We are desired to state, most, unequivocally, that these cards do not emanate from the heads of the denomination to which we refer. We are truly glad to hear it, for we should regret to find that any section of the electors suffered themselves to be branded with the letters C. 6. D., as though they were a flock of dotnb sheep being driven to electoral shambles." We learn from the Uancefield Chronicle that Dr Phipps had a narrow escape from having a general cauflagration on his premises on Thursday 6th inst. It appears that his children went into a stable, containing a quantity of straw, and, finding some matches, thought proper, in their childish freaks, to light a fire. Of course, no sooner had this been done than the whole of the inflammable material ignited, and the building, being constructed of wooden material, very soon succumbed to the devouring element. This building was closely surrounded by a storehouse, a large barn, containing nearly the whole of this year's produce of the farm, and six hay-stacks. Fortunately, owing to a sopply of water being to hand, no farther mischief was done than the demolition of the stable and a portion of the store-house- A writer in the Lancefield Chronicle narrates the following glaring example of the evils of our present impounding system :—"A few weeks ago, Mr Finlay M'Crae, of C tun tin, had a number of Ms cattle seized within hail of his own door by the ever-watchful poundkeeper, when 4he mnmerdfoli- cracfcing of the'^tefckwhip apprised him of the disagreeable fact that his cows ad set ont on a journey of nine or ten miles to their future place of detention. Mr M'Crae at once overtook them, and offered to pay any reasonable amount to redeem his cattle, rather than suffer so serions an inconvenience; bnt the poundkeeper, knowing the pecuniary advantage the law had given him provided he went through the due form of taking the cattle to pound, was inexorable, and the owner had no alternative bat to follow his captured milchers all the way to Kilmore, see them formally placed in the pound, pay 3s each for the ' day's sustenance,' and 9i each for other charges (making £30 in all), besides having to bring them home, and suffer all other inconveniences attendant on such treatment of milch cows. If this is not tenfold worse than highway robbery, lam at a loss to aopreciate the distinction between honesty and dishonesty." The Herald of yesterday has the following paragraph in reference to the election for the Kyneton Boroughs :—" Mr G. J- Sands has contradicted a report that in coming forward for Kyneton his object is to assist the Opposition. He states that he is in support of the Ministry, and if returned, will sit on the Ministerial ben.-.''."?,. ^ He will also vote lor the Darling gratiL being included in the Appropriation Will." We beg again to call the attention of our readers to the tea meeting in aid of the funds of the Mechanic's Institute, to bs held on Wednesday {evening for the entertainment connected with which, a very attractive programme has been issued. At the Kyneton Police Court on Monday, there was nothing on the charge sheet, except two cases of drunkenness, in which the delinquents were fiaed in the usual pena'ty. The Police Magistrate and Dr Geary presided. \- Mr John Gillies, one of our oldest and most respected townsmen who has lately returned from New Zealand, applied to the Kyneton Bench, on Monday, for a grocer's license, which was granted. It seems from the Herald, of Monday that the second trial of Joseph Whelan, for the murder of Thomas Bramley, at Kokewood, in August last, was to be the first case taken at the Melbourne Criminal Sessions, commencing on yesterday. There are two or three cases from this district for trial at the present sittings, but as yet there is no certainty as to what day they will come on. It may not be out of place to remind those who are not on either of the present electoral rolls, that the 1st Anarch is the last day on which they can obtain elector's rights -for their mimes to appear on the supplementary roll, and that there will be no other opportunity until September next. We extract the following paragraph anent ' sly grog selling" and the means taken to suppress it from the Daylesford ilercary of Safurday :—«• The revenue officer of the Glenlyonshire Council has, wa are informed, been paying a \isit to unlicensed dealers in and about Comoora, cautioning them; while in one case it is reported he seized the contraband stock. We mention this report in the hope that a denial may be made of such a partial performance of duty, ot some reason assigned for passing over come and pouncing on others. The law contemplates no such mode of the discharge of a public duty." It will be seen, from an advertisement in another column, that the time for holding the Grain Show in Kyneton has been, very judciously, altered. It will now be held every Thursday from 1 to 4. instead of 10 to 3, as at first determined upon. We hope those who are desirous of selling will not fail to be punctual to the time, so that the buyers from distances will not be kept standing about, as they were last Thursday, waiting for business, which could not for want of samples, be transacted till late in the day.. . Rich goldfields are not yet at an end. The Bendigo Advertiser, of Monday, gives the following information respecting the large nugget found at the Whipstick :—" We had almost begun to think that the Whipstink, once so famous for the production of nuggets of large size, was worked out; bnt it appears that there are stall those lumps of gold, which in days of yore gladdened the hearts of the miners. A German, named Jacob, who had been "hatting" in Splitter's GulTy, Whipstick, for many & weary day, and had hardly been earning his tucker, came, on Saturday morning last, on a nugget Which weighed 275 ozs 13 dwfca. He was picking down the siding of some old and partially worked out ground, at a depth of about five feet, when the pick Struek against the nugget, which at first he thought was a .boulder, but the second stroke of the pick unearthed the glittering mass of gold. Ths lucky fellow brought bis treasure into Sandhurst, but. as it was too late on Saturday night to dispose of it at any of the banks, he conveyed it to the Louse of a relative at Irishtown, and as he did not altogether feel safe with such a vsluable nugget in his 'possession, he remained up all night watching it, and conveyed it to the Bank of Victoria yesterday, where it was taken charge of by Mr MendelL The nugget is almost pure gold, a very small quantity of. ironstone bong intermixed with it. 