" This is true liberty, when freeborn men, Having to advise the public, may speak free." MILTON. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 19, 1868. MR. MACI.EAY has been distinguishing himself. He has condescended to do something useful for once. He has found out the " ghost," unravelled the dark mystery of Kiama, and compelled the great conjurer to disclose his gloomy secret. Little faith as we ever had in Mr. PARKES' mystery, we really did think that it was a mystery. We thought there must be something in it, or even Mr. PARKES' ingenuity would never have been able to make so very much out of it. If there was no con- spiracy against the Crown lurking in the back-slums of Sydney, and that there was not we felt tolerably certain, we had a strong suspicion that there was a conspiracy somewhere against the COLO- NIAL SECRETARY. If therewas no band of traitors and murderers plotting deadly devices against distinguished person- ages, we had a strong idea that there were plenty of people plotting against the peace of mind of the Minister whom it was so difficult to convince, and so easy to befool. We believed, in short, that Mr. PARKES was the easy, and to some extent willing, victim of a set of designing rascals ; that he really believed the horrible tales they told him ; and that when the time came for the production of his authorities, there would be seen to have been, at least, one sort of founda- tion for his sensation story—a good substratum of lies. Mr. MACLEAY has dispelled all this delusion. He has elicited the fact that the author of that monstrous libel on the colony was not the wretched pickpocket MEYERS, nor the doubly-convicted scoundrel BENE- DICT. but Mr. PARKES himself. He not only " raised " the ghost, but manufac- tured it, and with the true creative power of genius', manufactured it out of nothing. In moving on Tuesday last for the appointment of a Select Committee to investigate the whole case, Mr. MAC- LEAY justified his course by a summary of the reports which had reached him with reference to Mr. PARKES'S presumed informers. He stated that it was generally believed that the Minister had acted upon the information of three men of bad char- acter, MEYERS, MAC, and BENEDICT, and that the last-named of, these ruffians had offered to denounce ten persons in this colony, and two at Ballarat, as Fenians, concerned in the attempt to assassinate the PRINCE, upon condition that he was guaranteed a thousand pounds per head. According to Mr. MACLEAY, the Government consented to this monstrous proposition. The guar- antee was given, and money advanced to the would-be informer, to be returned in a month out of the proceeds of his venture. BENEDICT, however, declined to go into the TITUS OATES line of busi- ness without a partner, and being un- able to find another scoundrel in the colony equal to himself, the. project, after much negotiation, fell through. " Professor " MAC, another of these worthies, had also; given " valuable information," for which much to his disgust, he was remunerated with the sum of £4. For the reputation of the country, it was necessary, Mr. MACLEAY contended, that the statements of these men, which had been accepted and acted upon by the Government, should be thoroughly sifted, and that the truth, if any truth there was in the matter, should be arrived at. The effect of this summary of mingled wickedness and folly was to draw from Mr. PARKES the explanation for which we have been so long waiting. He denied that his repeated statements of the existence of a Fenian conspiracy in the colony had been based upon the evidence of these men. With MAC he had never had anything to do, and the other two he had discovered to be im- postors. He rested his case entirely upon the written statements of O'FAR- RELL himself, so far as those statements supported his theory of a conspiracy, and rejected all other statements op- posed to that theory. The question, therefore, of the truth or otherwise of the celebrated Kiama speech is now reduced to very narrow limits. It is no longer a case of mystery, of dark hints, and unintelligible allusions to undiscoverable crimes. All is laid bare; the murder is out, and the colony is at last placed face to face with her accuser. Who is he—a traitor amongst the traitors, an ultra-loyal policeman, or a Parliamentary detective ? Who was the " unquestionable authority " who scented out the new crime which was being hatched in secret amongst us, and denounced the villainous per- petrators of treason that never' was conceived, and murders that never were committed ? Our accuser, it seems, was exactly the man he might have been expected to be—the one Fenian in the colony, the red-handed traitor and murderer himself who stabbed us first and libelled us after wards, and whom we hanged for his pains. It seems perfectly incredible, but it is nevertheless the fact that the only evidence Mr. PARKES had produced in support of his Monstrous assertions is, the wild, raving diary of the semi- lunatic O'FARRELL, and the shorthand notes of idiotic conversations with the same reliable authority. After months of suspense, of vague horror, and anxious but hopeless surmises, our curiosity is relieved—the " sensation " romance which has held all our - breaths sus pended for half a year, has reached its final chapter, and a most lauie and lamentable conclusion it is. It reminds one of the similar success of a great literary genius of the last century. He had written a five-act tragedy, and witnessed from a back seat its first re- presentation. Until the end of the fourth act, all was silence ; the plot was gloomy, and the audience followed its example ; He felt melancholy himself, but there was still the fifth act ; that would redeem all, for what nerves could resist a double murder, a suicide and a fire at sea ? Alas for mortal hopes ! The manager, had mercilessly cut out all three, and. the drop-scene fell amid shrieks of laughter, howls, and hisses, upon a, silly old woman, frightened out of her life by a cat in the cupboard, and calling out, " Mur- der " and " Thieves ! " THE reports we published last week of the breaking out of the oidium in the Hunter and Parramatta vineyards seem to be fully confirmed. From the Sydney papers we learn that the disease has made its appear- ance in the most unmistakeable form, and is spreading with great rapidity. We have not heard whether the disease has shewn itself in any of the vineyards of this district. We sincerely hope not ; but if such should unhappily be the case, it is some comfort to know that a certain and easy remedy is pro- curable. It is extremely desirable that in this young industry, destined, we firmly believe, to be one of the most remunerative industries of the colony, there should be nothing to damp the energies of the pioneers. The fearful devastation which the same disease has committed in the vineyards of Europe is a warning which might well frighten the less experienced vignerons of this country, but there is no reason for despair. There is a remedy, simple and inexpensive, which effectually kills the disease, if promptly applied. Sublimated sulphur, the Herald tells us, applied to the spores of the fungus kills them and the plant from which they proceed. The Agricultural Society have taken some pains to investigate the matter, and have communicated the re- sult to the public. The Secretary, Mr. JOu- BERT himself a practical wine-grower, states that he has applied pulverised sulphur to diseased vines with the most perfect success. He says that within four and twenty hours the operation of the sulphur was plainly dis- cernible ; many of spores had dropped off and the mycellium had lost its strength. In forty-eight hours the mycellium had withered most of the spores had disappeared. Within four or five days the action was com- plete, the mycellium was broken and dead, and the vines, free from their parasites, com- menced to vegetate vigorously. Within a week from the application of the remedy, the plants were stronger and healthier than be- fore. There is, therefore, no reason to get up a panic on the subject. The disease is of course a great nuisance, because it involves the necessity of additional labour and in- creased expense, but there need be no fear of any serious loss to vineyard proprietors. When the disease first made its appearance, acres of vines, both on the Continent and at the Cape, were devastated because no one knew, what to do. At Madeira the destruct- tion was complete. The one great industry of the island was ruined, and people who in former years had lived in affluence on the profits of their vineyards were reduced to beggary. Remedies of ail kinds were tried but with uniform failure, until some brilliant genius hit upon sulphur, which proved the grand specific and has since been used with perfect success wherever the disease made its appearance. In the French vineyards, where oidium is an annual visitor, sulphur is applied to the vines three times a year, and to quote Mr. Joubert, " as surely as a vigneron sul- hurs he conquers the pest, and as surely as he fails to sulphur promptly and thoroughly, he loses his crop and perhaps his vines." The vignerons of this country, while they grumble at the visitation, may congratulate themselves on having all the benefit of the dearly-bought experience, of older wine-coun- tries. The cure is simple and cheap, and only those need suffer who are too stupid or too lazy to apply it. 