LOCAL NEWS. THE WBATHBB,-We bave for two or three weeks had fine winter weather. Occasional frosts by night have had a benefioial influenoe on the soil ; and oooasional showers for two or three days, and then Bgain only a shower or two during the night-time-have combined to put the earth in the finest condition for vegetation. Yesterday the weather wai rather warm and sultry for the season, and clouds gathered dnring the afternoon. After sun- down it grew " black with olouds," and at Bevon o'clook a thunderstorm broke, attended with driving gusts of wind^and heavy rain, wbioh lasted for about twenty-five, minutes. 11 looked rather cloudy when we went to press, and the lightning wat still to be seen in the horizon. WEST MAITLAND VOEUNTBEB RIFLES.-On Saturday morning last a bee-meeting was held, attended by about twenty members of tbe above oompany, who, armed with axes, shovels, and all necessary implements, marched out to Mr. Graham's paddock at Oakhampton, where they at onoe set themselves at work in plsoing the ground in a suitable oondition for rifle praotioe. ihe targets wero re- ereoted; new mantelets constructed; the ground cleared, trees and shrubs ont down, and the distances' marked ont. We are informed that the ground is now in better order for praotioe than it bas ever been, and great praise is due to those members of tbe company who have thus exerted themselves for the benefit of the whole corps. TOE PSBODO COUNT.-By the arrival of the steamer Stxonia some further intelligence hasreaohed Sydney of the sayings and doings of the pBeudo Count Von Atteins, the owner of the yaoht Hamlet's Ghost. The yaoht ar- rived »t Cleveland Bay on the 28th of July, and the adventurer was lionised to the extreme. He was a guest wbom everyone delighted to honour on board the Saxonia, spoke patronisingly of his Sy dney friends, and announced his intention of completing his oruise by returning to Port Jaoksqn on the 3rd instant, OB be expeoted an Austrian war vessel would shortly call at the station to convey him to Europe.-Evening Nexos. EXPORTS FROH TUB DISTRICT .TER TUB H.R.N.S.N. COMPANY -The following is a return ottbe exports from the district per the H.R.N.S.N. Co.'s steamers, from the 27th July to AuguBt 3ro\inolusive.-13 bales bacon, 12 dozen brooms, 115sb,RB ^booe-dust, 8 oalves, 23 oases eggs, 17 orates fowls, 31 cases fruits, 821 bales hay, 532 hides, 1 horse, 159 bags maize, 15 bass onions, 26 bags o.mers, 191 pigs, 100-eheep, 38 baloB skins, 42 hhds. tallow, 21 kegs tobnoco," 8 hhds. wine, 10 bales, 6 pookets wool, 268 bags coke. Of this produce there were shipped at Morpeth-115 bags boncduBt, 2 calves, 9 cases oggB, 10 orates fuwls, 3 oases fruits, 475 bales hay, 359 hides, 12bags maize, 10 bags onions, 14 pigs, 100 sheep,'li bales skinB, 36 hhds, tallow, 13 kegstobncoo, 7 hhds, vine, 9 bales, 6 pookets wool. At Olarenoe Town-13 bales bacon, 12 oaBet eggs, 6 crates fowls, 28ioases fruits, 26 bales hay, 15 hides, 147 bags maize, 160 pigs, 8 kega tobaodo. At Miller's Forest-12 dosen brooms, 114 bales hay. At Raymond Terrace-6 calves, 2 oases eggs 190 bales li ay', 2 bagB oysters, 17 pigs, 1 bale wool. At New- castle-1 orate fowls, 17 bales hay, 158 hides, 1 horse, 5 bags onionB, 24 bagB oysters, 27 bales skins, 6 hhds, tal- low, 1 hhd. wine, 268 bags ookc ALLBOBD NEW GOLD DISCOVERY IN CALIFORNIA. The California Sierra Nevada Quartz Heof Company has started operations with a capital of 3,000,OOu dollars, to work one mile square on the line of Paoific Railway, On opening the reef at the depth of fifty feet a speoimun of quartz was taken out, wbioh sold at San Franoisoo for 20 000 dollars. The valno of the doini is estimated at twice the value of the Goldern Currie (7,000,000 dollars ) Stooks in the above company are all disposed of, and numerous other companies are now forming on the same line of country. In Idaho territory upward» ot lO.Olili 'minois are employed in the silver minos. lu Montana territory the number of miners employed is estimated at 15 000.- Communicated to the Empire. \- ACCEPTED TENDER -The tender of Mr. Charles Artlettl for fumitui'e and fittings for the (ingleton Court Home hu been accepted by tho Government.- Gazette, Aug, 14, THE ECLIPSE OF TO-DAT.-The mails take above a week, or nearly a fortnight in faot, to deliver 8ydney ' newspapers and letters throughout the interior of the* oolony. Yet, although the colony pays tbe cost of an observatory in Sydney, and of a colonial astronomer and assistant, Mr. Smalley had not found time, up to Friday night last, to oommuBioate to the Sydney papers any information, in advance, as to the eclipse of to-dsy. At it had been generally spoken of as the moat remarkable total eolipae of the sun that had oconrred for some centuries, people generally were assuming, in the absence of definite information, that that would be the oase in New South Wales. But it now appears that New South Wales is nearly the southern limit of the places whence the eolipBC will be visible at all. Mr. Tebbutt, of Windsor, writes to the Sydney papers io say that onl} at 3ape York, the extreme north eastern point of tbe Australian continent, will the eclipse he visible in Ans tralia aa a total eolipae. At Windsor (and of courts nearly so at Maitland), the eclipse will begin at six minutes past four o'oloek in the afternoon of to-day, tuesday ; the greatest obscuration.will take plaoe at seven minutes to five, and the sun will be still slightly eclipsad when it sets, at half-past five. The eclipse oommences a little to the right of the lower limb, and will ¡noreste nntil 'rather more than one third of the sun's diameter is obscured. THE ATTEMPTED ASSASSINATION'OF THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH.-The Police Magistrate of the district of Maitland (E. D. Day, Esq.) has received a cironlar from the Colonia) Secretary's Office, addressed to him "on behalf of the inhabitants of Maitland," forwarding a oopy of the Gazette Extraordinary containing the despatch fronrthe Secretary of State for the Colonies, expressiveN of her Majesty's appreciation of the unbounded loyalty displayed,by the colonists on hearing of the above event, and of her earnest senBe of the indignation manifested bv thetsT on the 'same occasion. The text of this diip»toh\ has alreidy^appeared in our columnB. THE WOOL*SALE8 -Mr. Jas. B. Bettington, of Brind- ley Park, writes to us to mention thtt his wool, bearing Ihe gB (conjoined) brand, brought the following satisfac- tory prices, at the June London sales:-13 bales flreoe at 2s. 9d., 9 at 2s 8d , 6 at 2s 7¿d., 9 at 2s. 6¿d , 17 at 2s Sid., 5 at 2s. 5d., 8 bales pieces at Is. 3d., lo at lr. 7¿d-, 12 at Is. 7d., and 2 at Is. 5a. CLOSING OF THE NORTHERN OYSTKK FISHERIES.-The Minister for Lands intends closing, by proclamation, for three years, from an early day, all tbe oyster fisheries from Newcastle to Raymond Terrace.- Greville'» late intelligence to Newcastle Chronicle. THE MEETING OF PABLIAMBNT.-It is probable that the next meeting of Parliament will be oonvened for tbe first week in Ootober.- Greville's intelligence to Newcastle Chronicle. VICTORIAN SHEEP.:--A proclamation appears in the Gazette of Friday absolutely prohibiting, tor a period of six months from that date, the introduction of sheep into this oolony otherwise than by sea, from Victoria, or of any sheep wbioh may have, within a period of eighteen monttiB, been in, or in contact with sheep from that oolony. MBBKIWA.-Mr. James White has been appointed sol- ing olerk ofFettv Session s at Merriwa.- Gazette,Aug, 14. A NEW RAILWAY IDEA.-An English paper, of the 6th Jnne, says :-" From Rainoy, outside Paris, to Mont fermeil, is abont 3} miles. Over this distance, on tbe pnblio road, is being constructed a new kind of railway, oonsiBting of a tingle rai). On this rail rolls the leading wheel of tbe locomotive, the other two-it has but three -running on the ordinary road. To the engine will be attached three carriages eaob accommodating 16 penóos. The journey will be made in fifteen minutée, and the first 11 train" will ran about 20th June." THE Corns COINAGE.-Notwithstanding several state- ments on the part of the Government about the reception of copper tokens at the Mint, the difficulty is not yet Battled. The Aoting Depnty Master of the Mint, who is an Imperial officer, not subject to the control of the Colonial Government, has published the following regu- lations)-1. The new bronze coin, in boxes eaoh of ¿IO and £20 value, will be issned at the Sydney Branoh of tbe Royal Mint, on payment of the value, every day, Satur- days end holidays exoepted, between the honrs of 10 and 12, 2. The old copper coin of the realm, in quantities of £5 and upwards, advancing by round sums ot £5, will be exobanged at its full nominal value, that is to sty, one pound sterling will be paid for two hundred and forty penny pieces. 3. In addition to the foil nominal valoeof the coin, a premium of two per cent, on the amount will be paid to eurer all expenses of collection, paokiog, ,and delivery at the Mint. 4. For a period of three months, commencing on the 1st September next, copper tokens issued by any New South Wales firm whiob no longer exists, will be exohanged in the same manner and with the same privileges as the old copper coin of the realm. 5. TokenB of the following descriptions will not be exohanged ¡-1. Tokens bearing the name of any New 8outh Wales firm still in existence ; 2. Tokens of other colonies ; 3. TokenB circulated for the advertisement of medical preparations, Ao. ; 4. Aconymons tokensrongbly oast and only recently circulated ; 5. Evident counter- feits made of bran, Ao. 6. In the oountry districts the new coin will be issued, and the old copper coin of the realm and approved tokens, as above desoribed, will he exobanged at every branch of the Bank of New 8onth Wales throughout the colony.-Meanwhile, the Govern- ment basre-pnbliibfd in a Gazette Eatraordinary the Treasury notice of the 5th August, " that, until the neoessWy arrangements have been completed, for tba\ distribution of the Imperial Bronse Coinage, the Copper Tokens, now in circulation, will be taken in the ordinary transaction of business, by all the pnblio departments." It thus appears that, at any rate nntil " neoessary sr rangements have been completed," the intention of the Government is to make np this difference between the nominal value and the real value of the copper toke» frnm iliA Tinhlin ravnnn«. ITALIAN OPERA COUPANT.-Our musioal readers will observe with much pleasure, from an advertisement ia another column, that they will have the opportunity, cn Wednesday and Thursday evenings, of listening to al portion of the Italian Opera Company lately under the directorship of Mr. W. B. Lyster, consisting of 8igcora Ida Vitali, and Signors Devoti, Bertolini, and De Haga, who will perform on those evenings at the Olympic Theatre. The reputation these very talented aríiiíí» have acquired in bydney and Melbourne will, we (eel assured, be snffiolent to induce a nnmerons audience to hear the choice teleotion of operatio gems they offer for our deleotation. SUPPOSED QUICKSILVER MINE,-The Mudgee Weiter» Post Bays that a mine of supposed vermillion bss been << struok near Cudgegong, Mudgee. Several pounds weight of the substance had been forwarded to Sydney, bnt the result was not yet known. The material had been nted for red paint by parties in Cudgegong, and they found the óolor stood well. UPPER HUNTER GOLD FIELD.-Mining affairs at the Denison are in a prosperous condition, although the population does not exceed 30. 8inoe the commencement of the year between 300 and 400 tons of quartz have been ornsbed, the average yield from whioh hag been over ont x onncetothe ton. MciBrr. Simpson and Co.'sleaied claim on Fuller's Reef is turning ont well, and the same party bave just applied to Gold Commissioner Addison for ten aores additional. It is intended to form a company in England for the purpose of working the reefs on a more systematic and extensive scale.-Armidale Express Correspondence, CHABGB OF HAVING STOLEN MEAT IN TOBBESSION - The Western Post of the 14th instant reports a case heard at the Police Oonrtin Mudgoeon the previous d»y, in whiob one Henry Ounningham was charged with having stolen meat in his possession. The evidenoe in support of the obarge was that Mr, Patrick Kennedy, a farmer residing at Tnllawang, about nine or tea miles from prisoner's plaae, missed a heifer of about two years old on the 7th instant; on the 8th he went to prisonet's hoots, and saw a whole oaroaBe of fresh beef there-the oaroste of a female heist. He afterwards met the prisoner, and accuBed him of killing the animal he had lost ; prisoner denied it, hut after learning that Kennedy and the police had aeen the beef in his bouse, said another man bid killed the heifer, and offered to pay Kennedy for it, if he would say nothing about it. To the cona table whoarreiled him, prisoner said he had killed a boast in Tulliwtng Scrub, on the 4th August, and had left the bead and bide there. Pi isoner bad no osttlo of his own, nor hid he a lioense to slaughter oattle. The bench convicted the prisoner, and fined bim £15, in default four month»' im- prisonment. The money wis not forthcoming, and prisoner went to gaol. BOOTH LICENSES.-The following publicans applied to the bench at the West Maitland police oourt yesterday, ( for an extension of their licenses to booths to be erected npon tbe Maitland raoeconrse, dnring the term of the raoeB this week:-Key ron Cronnin, Gold Digger's Arms Inn ; Ellen Hamer, Denison Hotel ; Patriok Daroy, Dnion Inn ; Matthew Hoott, Birmingham Honse ; and Bimuel \\\ ade, Maitland Hotel. The applications wore granted. DRUNKBNNBSB.-Yesterday, st the West Maitland polioo oourt, Franols Moore, on bail, was charged with having been drunk in High-Btreet on the 15th instant. He was convicted, and fined 5s, with the optiou of twenty-four boura' imprisonment. POLICE BUSINESS.-Messrs. Day, 0. R. Middleton, ana A. MoDougall, were the sitting magistrates at the "Weit Maitland police oourt, yesterday, and disposed of one oase. , MB. R. N. SADLEAR'S AUCTION SALE.-We bavo boen requested to call attention to the sale byauotion, to-doy, by Mr. R. N, Sadloar, on the grouud, ot a verandah cot tago in Bella-street, Horse-shoe Bend, together «Hu household furniture, &o; -Communicated. ' The lumber trade iii the state of Miohigan, in tbt V Uuited otates, amounted last year to 24,000,060 d«».} fifteen years hence the forests in that State mil, it '» expected, ce aie to exist. 