EurcnoH ot luroa. A meeting of tbe Council was held yesterday aftir noou at 3 o'clock, for the purjxue of electing a Uayor for the ensuing year, and at which all the members were present, with the exception of Alderman Grigg, who ia absent fivm town. The Mitob read the declarations of nfe of Alderman Woods, for North Ward ; Alderman T. U. aoHhsoD, Central Ward ; and Alderman S. KolfrUon, South Ward. Alderman Okooii then moved that the Town Clerk take the chair. ' 'I' ? ? Alderman Uobiks.js tlioa»bt that there was no neces sity for appointing the Tiwn Oloik on Ohairman. According to tbe.wny in which be read the Act, be cun aideml that the Mayor should rotiin the chair until his * successor was a pnointel. AMeriunn SoUnsin then read *-/ the 36th clause of the Municipal lustitutioii? Act in ' proof. Alderman IYomikklf.v «ii,l that it bad hitherto been the custom to oppuiut the Town Clerk as Chairman. Alderman Ghooh pro|iosed that the Town Clerk tike the chuir, which wa« seeondi-1 by Aldenimn Wood. Alderman Uubwsok olijrfLcil to th» motion, as be 1 considered, from the wording of the Municipal Act, that the Mayor should net :n (Jhainnaii until bis successor was a)i|H-iiilod. Tlio mutiuu boing oirriod, th..- To-,vn Cli-rk then took the chair. Alderman (Juoom rose to propose a genlloinan for the office of Mayor for tbe cjiMiini; year, and did so with much pleasure for two rcnons -(irat, |le uns exceedingly anxious U- Ite relieved of the duties ; and, H?conilly, lie cause the ecntleman he was aliuiii. to proiiose was in every way quulifiud for tlio office. Of .,11 the aldermen 110 mnmbcr was more entitled to tbe |innition than Alderman Robertson, who had been a member of the Council almost ' f«-m its first inauguration. 1'roui reiisons however which he need not detail, Alderman Ilobertsou bad declined to accept the office. He could not in miv w»y auree with the remaikH that Alderman U»l-in»-:i bad made the pre vious day with ri^aul to Martiudale's contract when the result nf the election was dcilared. When he -Ald. Q.) e!it?ro-l iiilo ollicc a« Mayor, they were in a very difficult financial position, and knc-v not how they would stand until they Hsct'rUhi.'.l what the result would be of tho appeal they imuli) to Government. Fortunately the Government agreed to advance money to the Corpora tion on the pro ruta system to carry out tbe necessary works in lluthveu- strcet. livery one had oomplained of the state of that street, mid he thought the Coun.il had done the best they could under the circumstances. The course the; had taken gave, he believed, satiaftclion to the ratepayers. The new Mayor would bave u legacy uf litigation left him, l.ut he (Mr Groom) helievc.l that the parties who were siloing would lie put out of Court, ns tbi'y depended upon documentary evidence which, unlike the contract with Martiiiilale was not innler gmil and bond. Had it not been for the g-ntliMiian whom lie wan alwat to prqpow, and who had advanced about a thousand (nunds in cash in order to assiKt Mr Martin. lale, that contract would never have been carried out. Hu eitcee lin jly re'retto! that the counsel for the |daintin*s in the la«t action bad not thought fit to put alderman Wou lerley int 1 the witness box, us he woul.i have fully explained mutters. The contract of Maitindale «n- cjoilurtcd in a fiir etraight forward manner, and he. (llderiiian Urooin) disclaimed and protested against the inKiiiiiations us to jobbery and^ corruption which had baen fully t'irowii at biimelf aud Alderman Wondcrley. If Alilennnu W'underley bad been allowed to have invnn evidence, he would have clearly proved the facts of the ca--u Tin! Corporation were placed iu that position that they could not draw ft cheque 011 the lt:ink of N'. S. W.ilcs without its being dis honorcl ; they 1 11.11 scut, h dpniitation to tlie Colonial Secretary in l!iis'..uie nbi agreed 10 advance them £21') per month, on conditioa that the Corporation found another i.'10'l pur unnlh ti carry out the 0111 tract. Members of that Council and niti4|Kivers had, however, openly and freely ac .-iiw.1 1'itli himself and Aldfrman Won lerley vhU all n-h(h of jobhery, but he defied mid challcniied any member or i-iitep- iyer to prove such .1 rhareera furati hiintelr1 was evnicernixt, or in til* -me nf Alderman Wnuleilcy. If Al.leimau Woodo I y had not adduced £1000, either in cash or goodn, the works could never have lieen carriml ont. When charges of corruption and perjury had been so openly male and talked nf, it was imperil tive on those unking siicli clurges to conic forward and prove their words. Ue was not prepared to submit to charge such a 5 had bc.'ii 111:1 le ugniuKt hi u, and be de fied nny one, nftcr csaniiniiig the whole of the bookn and paper* connected with the Corjisfstiou to suhgtantinti^ tbem. lie hal entered into' his ollice with the Martindali! contract staring him in the face, and it had haunted him like the ghost of Hrnlet through his term of office, tlie tiiuli: luins the late action in the Ku|it$ieCourt. He would lionottly tell them that he would nil accept, tin; nffira at. £WM per Hniinm. and ho believed the sooner the system of haviue a paid officer as Chairman, the lieti.ir for the pro.icr iwudxct of the work, to be performed. No one would credit the trouble and aunnyance to which the Mayor wnn subjected to, and which he wua quite sure bin successor would soon find out. llu wis about tn uo -oa; a gentle nan whose name had been connects 1 with him in tlie jobbery said to bave been going on. lie had much pleasure in progmsing Alderman Wonderley as Mayor of f oowooiuba for the ensuing year. AMermnn Rodiksov, in seconding the nomination of Alderman Wonderley as Mayor, did so with uittob plea sure. He certainly could not understand what had been imiiH'l by the tirade about Martindale's nffiir. Tbat arrangement with Martindale appeired to haunt Mr Groom like a phnst. He hail most certainly never charged eithor Aldftrman Oroojn or Aldermen Wonderley with perjoi-y or corruption, ami be wn» at a loss aB tn what was to be gained from the remarks ni»le on the subject by Alderman Urooin. Alderman Giumh : You supported did. Alderman Rorinson stood there to defend bimself, and not his supporters. He gave credit to Aldermen Groom ami Wonderley for being mush loo shttip business men to allow themselves to be detected in jobbery. Be quite admired Aldtrman (irooiu's air of injured innocence. Alderman Wonderley was no doubt a generous hearted s-s,n, wbo had rendered every assistance to Mr Martin dale, and be (Mr itohiiison) did not heritate to say tbat he had availed faimsel* of that gentleman 'b aid, as other members of the Council had dine. Alderman Gbooh here interrupted tbe speaker, making severnl personal remarks Alderman Rjiuht called on the Chairman to maintain order and not allow tbe speaker to be interrupted. Alderman Onoosteaid that Alderman Barry had better sit down, for he was not making a saddle. Alderman Hobihson continued : He challenged Alder man Groom to prove that be had made use of the term jobbery or corruption in connection with Aldermen ttroom or Wonderley. What be had «aid the previous day he was prepared to adhere to ; he then stated that it was an error of judgment on the part of the Council to bave allowed the order system to be ndopfed at all. He had still an order of Martlndale'a at the Bank of New South Wales, belonging to the trustees in bis estate, ana which had been held over for a long time, on the strength of payment, an! which was now a dead loss ; and he had no doubt that there «ere arrest many others in the same fray. The order system had certainly been of benefit as far as the making of ltuthven-Btreet was concerned, but he maintained it had been otherwise injurious to tbe town. There was no doubt but that if any person reaped a benefit from the system, it was Aldermen Wonderley and Groom. Alderman Gaoo* rose to order. He had never sold goods to Uartinlale. The statement* made were grossly untrue. Alderman Groom then made several peraonal remarks, and some forcible expressions were inter changed between himself and Alderman Robinson. Alderman Hoopeb called attention to the conduct of Alderman Oroom in continually interrupting the speaker, and hoped tbat as he bad been onieUy listened to, be would give tie. same allowance to others. Alderman Qbook erplalned that, the speaker bad im puted corruption and jobbery to him and be would tut allow it. Alderman Bnunn said that he would make no ftir tbernaariu on the subject; bat, believing Oat tbere was no member who was in a tetter position to occupy the office daring the cnMtng year, he begged to seaond the nomination of Alderman Wenderiey as Mayor. The motion was tat* pat aad carried »»antmoudy. and tha newly elected Mayor took the chair. Sbeltatta,tn retorting thanks for the honour con ferred on, aaidthttaltheaghbewuootia tbeOoniMil when the order gyatea was adopted, yethe bettered he A waa safe in aayii^ that had it not been ^tt^ayttem, } - tha contact conld never h»»e btea tarried ML He i beUered tiara was fat the records ct tM Oooacil ? nrSunte to that tffeet. Had be ast aathVlcd * Mr HartiatUa with cub tad ration* to the ** iillll of between £800 aaa a^WO t-* work weoU never ha™ been «-»». When UrMtrtli.dsl.Teft bOTComUfaa **s indebted to him in the mm of £4SS. There ms then a bilaoot 4m to the contractor of £800, . which Mr Dakets received, m 9* m» d» to carters, bat none of the Ubcmrer* had snffered. H«dh. been examined before the Supreme Court the ether diy lie could have satisfied tbe ratepayers tint there was neither trickery at jobbery on liu part, and lie had suffered a. loss of £255 ou the Uutbren-street contract through tbe contractor. He was sure that, with tbe Ulent they bad in the Council, the; could work unanimously together, and arrange (Jain so as to make Uie Municipality second to none in Queensland. Alderman Gkoo* mentioned (or the information of tbe Council that tbe amount of overdraft nt tbe Bank was £295 ; there was, however, due to tbe Council £465 for endowment, giving tiiem a credit lulauce of A'2061. Tbe amount of uu|iaid rates was £1 100, The meeting then closed. 