LONGFELLOW IN ENGLAND"" Welcome to England!, thou whoso strains prolong The glorious bede roll of our Saxon Song ¡ Ambassador and Pilgrim Bard in one, Prcah. from thy borne-the home of Washington. On hearths as sacred as thine own, hero stands The loving weleome that thy name commands; -Hearths swept for thee and garnished aa a shrine By trailing garments of thy Hues divine. . Boat of Naturo and of Nations, know Thy fair fame spans tho ocean like a bow, Boru from tho rain that falla into each life, Kindled by dreams with loveliost fancies rife; A radiant arch that with prismatic dyea Links tho two worlds, ita keystone in the skies. Tito noblest creatures of those dreams of tbiao, From Hiawatha to Evangeline, Here thou wilt find, where'er.thy footsteps roam, Loved as the cherished Lares of each home. What prouder refrain heartens to the eoro Than thou hast sung in brave Exoalaior ? Where sounds more gladdening 'mid this earthly strife Than the sweet clarions of thy Psalm of Life ? Nono but the rarest raconteur may grace Tho mimic contest whore most yield thoo place, Say which, for either, fairer wreaths produce, Irving's Astoria or thy Flower do Laos ? Which haunted hostel lures moro guests within, Hawthorne's Saven Gables or thy Wayaido Inn ? Turning thy picrurod pago what varying dyes _ Shine through eaoh latticed margin's new surprise I Here tho swart Blacksmith, smirched with grim and tan Tears in his eyes, yot every inch a man. Here,'mid the rice-field,.heaving his last breath, ; Tho poor Slave-monaroh dreams himself to death. Hero, while without loud ravts the tempest's din, Hero, while around tho revolors brawl within, The dying Baron thro' tbo grave's dark goal . Seeks Christ's redeeming passport for his souL Who bears not now, stormed down among thy leaves, The rain that poured like cataracts from tho eaves, Baal ed through tho kennels, lashed tho streaming panes, Flooded tho squares, the streets, the caurts, the- lanes, Raging like soas that o'er some foundering wreck Swill thro* tho scuppers from the swimming dcok? Cool, teeming, plenteous, soul-refreshing showers Quaffed by parohod earth and by tho thirsting flowers, Nor less by those who listened to thy song Aa lilT T.nrtnrr.'u lliw rinliion ¿nclind nlnnir. . Whore subtler solace than thy gentío voice From rivon hearts can draw till griofs rejoice ? Anewor, what eft repining woo o'crpewore, , That lay eorono, the Reaper and tho Flowers I SB' largo thy sympathies, thy"hand can traoe . Charms in oach elimo and glory in each race So penetrant thy love, its gaze con find God in tho flower, His breathing in the wind; Mesh with moro hempen coil in Ropo-walk spun All human joys and ills beneath the sun; Wairo with grand ochóos of responsive rhymes Long silent notes of mcdiaval chimes; Nay, hear in hush of serriod arms arrayed " The diapason of tho cannonade." 'Mid purgatorial firos, in heaven, in hell, Thy dauntless soul hath lately dared to dwell, Passing o'er burning marl, where Santo trod With Virgil's ghost, to Beatrico aud God. Tot, rarely gifted Na turo to translate, Rofloot not othersj thus: thyself create. Bing out once moro in thy own golden lines ' > Life's innor meaning, not tho Florentine's- _ . Thou who hast given thy droamings to our eight And syllabled tho Voices ot.tho Night: Thou who hast s.ing, ns none but thou could sing, Tho teador legend of the Angol-King; Thou who around with affluent hand has thrown Tho hruVenly largoBS of thy benison, Regarding nona aa alien to thy breast Columbia a Poet, hall aa England's Guset I O.K. Tho Kiama Pilot commoncos to issuo bi-wookly on Saturday nest Mr. Walter. Montgomery giveB readings at Albury on Wodrieeday and Thursday nozt. About 200 shares aro takon up in tho Albury Building Society. 