OPENING OP THE CLEVELAND STREET SCHOOLS, BEDEEEN, , I Tho formal opening of._theso eohoola took place yesterday morning, at 12 "o'clock. Punotual lo tho time n large number of. .ladies and gentlemen assem- bled, amongst whom wera his Lordship the Bishop of Sydney, the Hayor of Sydney and Hrs. Moore, tho Hon,,GK Allen, M.L.0 ; the Hon.'S. D.'Gordon/ M.L.O.; John Stewart, M.L.A.; J. Sutherland, M.L.A.; Major Windeyor, If.L.A. ; ' tho Bevds., Thomas Smith, H. S. King, W. Slatyer, E. Mausflold, Dr. Tucker, Messrs. Parnell, 'Wilkins;' and, hy special invitation, tho St Paul's Local Board, oomprisiag tho Bev. A. Hi Stephon (chairman), A Gordon, Castle, Nowton, and Lowe. ' , , ! Shortly after 12 o'ólock his Excellency the Bari of Belmore,-accompanied by the Countess of Belmore, Mr». Lambert, Kiss Gladstone, and Captain Beresford, A.D.D.,-arrived, aad; the National Anthem* was sung by the children,' all prosent standing. , The Hon. IÏENRT 'PARKES then explained tho origin and progress of tho building in which, they wero aeajmblod, and hoped he might be permitted to offer a few words in exposition of the Act of Parliament under which this and kindred schools would have to bs maintained. ? Twonty years age the system of National education had beca, introduced hythe local Legislature.; In connection with this matter the names of the Earl of Darby, Mr. B Lowe, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Charles Nioholson, and Mr. Plunkett weuld always be associated. Soon after the formation of the British National Association tho people of this neighbourhood applied for the establishment of a school ; but from sorao cauee or other, partly owing to the disturbance occasioned by the discovery of gold, nothing was done until May 1856, when the Olevelaad-street schools were commenced ; the average atiéndanos being SI scholars, which ' number ' had Inoreascd at the olese of the year to 218. Owing te the high pries of labeur, an iron building which had been Imported from England was . used as a schoolhouse, but the scholars steadily increased, mntil an average of same 670 was attained.' All this was dene under the British National Association, By the présent law the National schools of tho colony became Publia schools; and: for'ita prosperous .efforts I he Council wera largoly indebted to their predecessors in office. As soon as tho Council was formed,-the.first eubjeot brought before it was respecting this sohool. !It wu found that the narrow iron building would not contain the collected Infant intellect*!. In this state of tho case, and looking to the permanent interests of education, the , Council thought it , would .be a'ting in harmony with ike . public ¡feeling by ereeting a more commodious school-house, which should pro ent s modol sud plan of construction and school arrangements. The Council of Education accordingly determined to 'erect this building, whiah was tho llrst primary school-houso in any part of the Australian colonies. He congratulated hia lordship that ho was < not* thora to open a lunatta asylum :-(Hear, hoar)-but a place whore sound instruction would bo imparted to the ohildron of a free people. The Public Schools Aot of I860 had now been ia operation for ono year and eight'months, and he hoped thoro was no opponent of the measure present that day, notwithstanding 'his Lordship tho Bishop of Srdnoy had dona thom'tho honour of'attending.1 The number of aohools brought''into 'operation after tho paning at the Aot was 217 ! and the'Council had' received applications from1 tho people themselves.'for 101 Publio Sohools, 03 provisional schools, and .13 itinerant sohools.. Mr. Parkes, pointed i out tho .ad- vantages'tho new system provided, not . only to .the scholars, but also , in , training ..competent ..teachers. There'was hew'nó royal road, to tuition In the Publio Schools ; nb amount of patronage could Introducto a person ; the candidate'must Submit to tho established ordeal. 'The Council had, »ince the 1st January, 1807, trained S17 teacher», of whom 83 wero Church of England, ö8 Eoma'ri Catholics, 80/Presbyterians, 20 Wesleyan*, and 29 belonging, ito ether dtnomi- nations. He hoped that the institution they wero about to open might Bond . forth a continuous stream of youths and maidens instructed to faco tho difficulties of tho world, and to fulfil properly theso moral and social duties on which the welfare of socioty dopsndid. «.Oboers) / : :' i His. Excellency, the Govaanoa said that the remarles wbioh he felt it incumbent on him to make upon this occasion he intended to be brief and general,' for two reasons; first, because it Would not be becoming Ja him in this iosBO, where no doubt sonaiderablo differ enos of opinion' existed, to pronounce a marked deei eiohVand alio,.because it having boon hla lot to havo bean engaged at home in educational'controvorsy, he was not aMo to agreo entirely with either party. 'For his-own part, ha still-held-to tho'.opinion ho bad quoted ton years ago at Enniskillen, an 'opinion 'expressed' by' a celebrated divine,1 Strongly condemnatory' of' odacntlon> being entirely ? separated from religion,' At tho same time he oonxratulatad 'tho inhabitants' uponi the'opening'of, this 'handsome building, and desired earnestly to impress' upon 'tho children that they wero now nt tlió time of lifo whon only they oould secure thoib advantages of mental and moral training necessary to their suecos» in after lifo, 'No'doubt there IwereV inátahoos Of i individuals who having had their'oducatlon neglected in youth, ' by tho force of.'intellect bocame solf.educated men;, but auoh.' inétahcêa .wero exceptions, to tho gonoral; rule, and such acts could only bo achieved,by men,of! moro than ordinary force of, cbarsoter. Tho wisost.of j King« had said-"Train up a child in tho way ho should go,-.so that Whon he: is old bis wisdom .shallj not depart from him,", and the impressions.of youth were likely to .provo tho most lasting. Hu now do dared the sohools opened uudor tho Educational Act of 1800, ? (Cheers.) ?.?,-?../ .. ,, , , . ' Tho ohlldrou thèn "song Miss' Stirling's Aw, " All among , the barloy," arid Slr Walter Scott's hunting song,," Waken lords and'ladies'gay;" after wbioh, they gave Hirco 'obrere for' the Queen, thrco for-his Excellency,'¿nd thréo'for the Council of Education; . U<B Lordship and party then proee^dod lo inspect tho buildings, expressing himself highly satisfied with tho, commodious arrangements. ß^* Mosers. Ohas. Mooro and Co. hove «quostoá us lo direct the attention of Wnrehousomon, Drapers, Storekocpors, Olothlors, dre., to their Continuation Salo of Drapery, Mnnohrstor Qood», llofiery, Clnllilnp, (nu, This Day, at ll o'olock, at their Booma, Fltt-strct. -Boc advt OANTKnnusT ELBOTIOH.-A deputation from, «orne of th« elector« of Canterbury, among whom were John Sutherland, Esq., M.L.A, Aldorman Kippax Moiers. Bonjamin James, Beaumont and "Waller, John Geddes, John Pope, William Henson, Ashfield, Hugh. Ourlyele, and Mr. E. T. Penfold, waited upon Mr. Aldorman Woods at his rosidonce, Swing Wood, Ash field, on "Wednesday evoninjr, to request that gentloman to allow himself to be nomi- ; neted a»; a .omdidato to represent tho electorate, in the placo of Jame« Pi'moll, Esq., rosigned. Mr. Woods tbankod the gentlemon for the trouble- - thoy had talton, and «tated that ho would have been glad to accode to their wishes, but, on account of buai noss of- importance- in whioh ho was at present , oniagod, ho felt that he could not place his services at thoir disposal. Ile was flattered by their expression of good feebng and support; and hoped to bo able, on some future occasion, to afford them an opportunity of" ' disposing of his Borricos, if. they had then a similarly favourable opinion of him. Mn. Gourini'a BENEFIT.-This evoning, Mr Gourlay, who bas been for the last week going through a round of Scotoh oharaoters, takes a benefit at the Prince of Wales Opera House, which it is to bo hoped will bo sufficiently attended to mark the appreciation in which his talents are held by tb e pl ay going com- munity. Mrs. Gourlay, and "Little Johnny," as the young prodigy is popularly deaignatod, appear'upon tho occasion, and an agreeablo' hour may bo «pont at Mrs. M'Gregor's Levee. This portion of tbe enter- tainment will be followed by the interlude of tho " Wandering Minstrel," in which for the nonce. Mr. Gourlay will contest the honours wi>h Mr. Georgo Coppin, ,as. "Jem , Bags" . Tho. performances will conclude with tho musical drama of " Guv Mannering," in. whioh the character of Dandio Dinmont, the Scottish yeoman of the period, will bs sustained by - Mr. Gourlay. DïATn pnou ATOMBXT. -Au inquest was held' yesterday afternoon, by tho City Ooronor, at the Bene- volent Asylum, Pitt-street, on view of tho body of a man named William Bobert Maher, then and there lying dead. John Beberteon, a mounted constable, atated that he knew deceased who was a candidate for admission into the . police force of tho colony, and wee staying at the Police Barrack. Witness last saw him alive on Wednesday afternoon, when he was grooming a h »ree. ' He was a native, and about twenty-five years old.-Senior- sergeant James Potter stated,, that at t? o'clook yesterday morning ho was on duty, and re- ceived information that a dead body was lying nuder ' ! one of tho bridges nt Ultimo; ho proceodod there and saw deceased lying in a small stream of water, about two inches deep and eighteen inches wide. .... Ho was _ j lying face downwards with his face in the water in ! «and. His arms were by his eldo; his hands open. The body was perfectly warm. His hat (a cabbage-' tree) was partly under his sido, near his hip. On., tuning the bod f over, witness saw tho right hand trousers pocket turned, out, and. soveral papers lying : about tba body. The left band pocket was all right.. Deceased hod on boote, trousers, vest, and jacket - There was no appearance of , disorder or marks of a Btrugglo about the p'nee. Conveyed th» body to the police station, and Dr Bell carno and ' examined it Near tho body several letters were -lying, and a- book mark which bore on it tho words, 'Forget me not whon far away;"" also a receipt'for a gold wedding ring.-Jonas Kelson, mounted constable, stated that bo knew the deceased, and last saw. him alive at Carters'Barracks, atS -1 o'olork on .Wednesday evening, and said to him, "Maher," you look very dull this evening;" to whioh he replied, "Yos, I have a pain in my head."-. Francis Smith, landlord of tho Burr mgong Hotel corner of Hay aad Georgo Btrects, Sydney, stated that' ho knew deceased, who had stayed one night at hie place, and was in the habit of occasionally calling there. His letters were addressed to him thero - He called there on Wednesday evening, wrote a letter,, and went away. He returned at half-past 12 o'clock, , «um., by himself, He appeared to have bean drinking, . but did. not say where he had been. Ho was sober; had a glass of pale brandy and eome bread and ohcoso, ; and went away, saying he waa going to the barracks. He wai quite capable of taking care of himself.-Dr. Bell stated that he had made a post mortem examina- tion of the body, and that death was caused by a sud- - den attack of apoplexy. Tho jury gave a verdiot ac- cordingly. ! TUB LATS INQUEST AT Tcwrr.-On Monday lost Sergeant Tant, stationed at Tumut, arrived in Tass with a sealed jar containing the storaaoh of the late Mr. Laoy, of Gocup. The Courier says the purpose of forwarding tho stomach to Sydney is to ascertain, whether the deceased's death wae caused hy atrvahnine. It «rill be in recollection that thero was evidence in- culpating a publican where tho deceased drank some brandy, but that was negatived by a witnoss who had ' drunk from tko same decantor.' Tho action of strych- nine, accepted medically, is to alleviate diseases of tho heart;- but an overdose of stryohnine may hove the opposite effeet Tho forwarding of tho stomach of th» deceased .to Sydney is not likely ta causo tho solution of ths problem whether the deceased died by poison, ' or whether by his own hand or that of others. ! Mr. Alderman Webb hás been elect«J Mayor of 'Bathurst. ' . Mr.'Dyer, tho assistant secretary of tho Prince Alfred Hospital Fund, is át present on a visit to Newcastle and its neighbourhood, canvassing for tubscrlptioás. The Newcastle Jookoy Club havo settled, the. pro-, grammo of their raoes.' Tho mooting takes place on tho 22nd abd 23rd Ootober. - A telegram* from Oreville's Company lo the New» castle Chronicle states that Mr. G-. M. Stephen, tho-' barrister, ia said te be willing te place - his services at , the disposal of th* oenstituonoy of Canterbury. - - , Tho Bathurst Times of Wednesday has received in- .' telligsnee from Ophir, that Mess». Christopherson and. party ha ve again como upon the gold in large quanti» ties. , They last week took out et their olalm. above' seven pouads weight et tho' precious metal. . The prospectus of a market, - to ba erected on the reserve ground at Singleton, a site hoing offered by tho' Burdekin family, has boan iasuod under the auspices of the Uuaioipil Council of the barough. .Tho capital is £1250, to be raised by the issue of 260 ' debentures, having tea years' c'urreaay, at £5 eaoh. Mr. Short, the travelling agont ef the Australian Mutual Provident Soaloty, has been lecturing at th» Clarence, and during his stay has Motived 170 odd ap- plications for life and endowments, amounting te £47,000. Mr. Short had to visit Hooky. Mouth before his departure for Sydney. , , .Two persons . named M'Ooskor and Houston, were, on .Tuesday, eaoh fined at tho police court, Singleton, £80, or six months' imprisonment in Maitland gaol, for dririagthrco bullocks,-not their own property, in tho violnity Of Wistbrook. The offending parties stated that they had permission of the ' owner ef tko cattle. ' The price of horse food in Tass is roported by the Courier to be very low., One of the millers offer» eaten chaff and corn at a ilguro that is somewhat astonishing. Who requiring to uso a horse occasion- ally, need, hesitate to keup a stabled one with cut hay at Ss Sd. per ewL ? The members of the Welcome Lodge of Druids, Singleton, with their wives and friends, met at Host Mack's Freemason's Arms, on Wednosday ovouing, tho 20th instant, far tho purpose of atteuding a dinner in oomuernoration of the third anniversary of their 'lodge About thirty-two sat down ? to an excellent, spread, to whioh ample justice was done. The Grafton 'Obierver states that at a meeting held at Southgate,, to the credit of. the residoats here, 800' acres of .oana wore guaranteed within a radius of ono mile. 'This ls almost unprecedented, and proves the publio spirit of the Southgato farmers. On eil sides, is felt tko influence of . the oration of . a sugar-mill. Alt arb planting the cane, and in ono caso, a gentle- man who has not planted a root beforo has put in ten aerea , . i. ? . ~ An - inquest haa boon hold upon tho remains of a prematurely bora infant at Waratah. ^ Tho child wita born abolit1 six weeks ago, and from information received tho polico examinod a cortain portion of ' ground,' tho property of tho Aus'ralian Agricultural Company, and ia removing the earth came upon a deal box'containing'-the body, - Tho father of tho child admitted that ho had burled the body at night, and tho ni'dioal evidence being to tho effect that, upon examination,'no marks of .violence existed, an excul- patory vordlot'was recorded by thojjury,: but thoy ndJou a ridor o-pressivo of their opinion tbnt parties shoiild nut bo allowod to bury stillborn children in tho bush, but bo coropelloil to bury thom in n proper burial-ground, and also to obtain a medical certificate Incases of snail births.' It did not transpiro, ns fur an wa glean from the' Olironlclo's roport, whether tho ^ birth had hoon duly rvghtored or not, _._ -- '* Atman named John Thoma* Marlow,^ has boen, found dead at the bittern .£ tho shaft of tho Burst Yards Beef,/Carcoar, "for same tims past .he had been drinking,: and was not right in his.mind, fancying tho devil was after him. The skull of de- ceased: woe brokon in, and a quantity of brain ! sub- stance had escaped, The jury found the deceased,, not being of sound miad, did kill himself by throwing himself down tho shaft of the reef at tho Burnt Yards-the shaft was ISO feet deep. '., Mr. E. I*. Davenport, the English tragedian, who .some years ago resisted every temptation to. leave his household liares and Fonales to accept an engagement that involved orossingthe Atlantio to Australia, is now starring at San JTranoisco. It is not improbable, therefore that a renewal of tho strone blandish- ments exercised by tho . enterprising ; entre- preneur who onterod into that negotiation, would induce Mr. Davenport to come over the FaoiQa route. As an unostentatious, gentlemanly, and sound actor, it is not unlikely.that Mr. Davonport wonld be highly appreciated by the playgoing folks of the Australia. An oxtraordinnry case of mistaken identity has «ono to our knowledge <says the Argus). About two months ago a man was found dead or dying in tho ?verandah of a house in Hotham. At tho inquest sub- sequently hold upon the body, a number of persons testifltd to its being that of a man named Collard, soma of tho witnesses stating that they had known tho deceased for a considerable period, A verdict of death from sanguineous apoplexy was returned, and the friends of the dcoessed in England were written to, informing thom of the event. The day boforo yester- day, the man Collard appeared in Hotham alive, and in his usual health, arter soma months* sojourn in tho country. Tho terror of the female xacmbers of the household where he presented himself was -ex- treme, until he had satisfied them ha was real lileah and blood, sud not a ghost This stems to ha-» been «ne of those curious instances of personal resemblance that aro sometimos reid about in no-els er seen upon the stage, but which.are generally regarded as existing only in th? imaginations of ferlilo story-writers, or in- genious dramatists. Tho case was reported tb the police yesterday, as it is of some importance for the genuine 'Collard to establish his identity, inasmuch as O'has been in the receipt of an annuity, which bf course will bare been discontixsued on tho news, of his supposed doath. , ' A magisterial inquiry was hold at Ons'tree Fall, on Friday last, by Dr. liuBby, tho Bathurst ooronor, on view .of the body of William Collins, a fisherman, who had been in the habit of getting a livelihood by bringing'fish to Bathurst for sale The deoeiecd lived at the houso of a farmer named Willott, residing at Saltram, and slopt in tho same room with Willott'* son Hon ry. On Thursday night, about ll o'clock, Willott .went to bed; and at that time the deceased, was kneeling down saying his prayers. On .the following morning deceased was found dead in hie bed by-Mr. Natbariiol Willott A-bottle, which had contained laudaaum, was found in the garden, about fifteen yards from tho house, and a packet containing .arsenic was taken out of the pooket of' deceased after his death. It appears that he .'had purchased both the laudanum (two ounces) and traeaio from Mr. Josiah Parker, of Williara-etreet, a day or two before, and had stated, at the time, that the laudanum was for some other person ia tho habit of taking small doses, and that he required the arseiiofor the purpose of killing dogs. Tho modical testimony waa to the .effect that. deceased bad died from aa overdose of laudanum.« It transpired at the iatqueat that at times he suffered from aberration of tbs mind, and that, on 'tho day previous to his death, ho -had all tho ap- pearances as if an attack were coming upon him. Tho result of tho inquiry was that the deceased destroyed himself by taking an overdoso of laudaaum whilst in .a state of temporary insanity. According to announcement, a .publio meeting fa - .connection with tho Sena of Temperance movement was heh! in the new Csurt-heuso, Singleton, on Monday evening. Jast-the Hon. J, B. Wilsen, Minis- ter for Iimds, in the chair. Mr Wilson (says tho Singleton Timos) was the principal speaker.; and in .the course of his remarks, ho adduced a number of facts, by statistics, to show the abounding1 evils caused by intemperate habits- the expenso the country is put ts in providing police, prisons, workhouses, lunatic asylums, See. ; alluded ' to the drinking ous itoms of society, whero tho smallost matters of 'human duties and human affairs could - not in many cases bs performod unless aloehel had some share in tbo transaction. Dr,' Wilson, in streng, torms, characterised the apathy of the clergy la the temperance movement:; also, tho only negative support which was riven to the causa by the ladies-instead of giving their hearty co-opera- tion to tho work of infusing so much happiness throughput the' land, and staying es muck misery and destitution in homes whore should be happiness and plenty. Tho hon. speaker, in alluding to the " faculty," said that 4000 medical men had mado a declaration as to winos and spirits, being .Quito un- did better without wines and spirits.; and he aaaertod, without the least fear of being contradicted, that doctors nevor prescribed winos or spirits till they woro dead-boat-till they were at a loss what to pre- scribe. Dr. Wilsen then alluded te tho Sons of Tem- perance as a bonofit seoiety, and stated that whilo in other societies, such as the Oddfellows, tho auaiber of days sickness, per annum, was five and a half days ptr man, tho Sons of Temperante averaged only six- teen hours sickness during the samo period. As to colonial wineB, tho doctor said, it was as deleterious, hurtful, and intoxicating, from the quantity of alcohol it. contained,,as. other winos. Ho had no -doubt the time would como that New South Wales would be one of rthe soberest parts ef the, world.; that he' never know natives of tko second generation tura out drunkards-the naturo of the elimata, like that of all warm countries was nat favourable'to the Hie of strong drinks, aad unlike the cold regions of Northern Europe-as Russia, Norway, or Sweden,, or his own dear old country, Scotland.!. In theso places the natural oldness of the climate superinduced aleve afor stimulating drinks that could nstoxistin a climate like New South Wales. Throughout his stirring ad- dress the hon. gentleman was loudly cheered. Tho, meeting'was thea' addressed by MesBre. Seholey,; ?Gibbs, Duffy, Clements, and Alderman Jarman. After, .an expressive vote e. .thanks to the Hon. J. B. Wilson, I tho meeting dispersed with a choir for the Queen. ' W. H. Oarkeet, fate District Court, bailiff, Carcoar, -on remand, was brought before the Coart at Forbes, csa the 35th ultimo. Alfred Stokes deposed as follows: Ho .obtainod a verdict in the Forbes District Court against James Cumming, of Cowra on a promissory note; the verdict was not satisfied and he took out, .execution against him. Two or three months after ho wrote to prisoner, as bailiff, in reference to it, and re- ceived in reply a communication acknowledging having received the amount, and promising to pay the same when he had tho money. Ho produced a letter <markedA) handod him by Mr. Parker, Registrar of the District Court, having référença to tho subject He had also received a . second ; letter fro» priaoaor in- timating his- willingness to par whtn he waa, able. Witness, ' abjut the midsUo ef June last, wrote to prisoner and «fferei te ? giro him to the Ord of July to pay, . failing whioh he threatened to tako proceedings against kim ; prisoner had not paid. ' The amount of the verdict and mileage was £20 2a. 2d. - Cross-examined by pri- soner: Ho bad never received an' order on the Govern- ment through Mr. North, of Carcoar, in patt satisfac- tion of tho claim., He had received,a letter fiorn Mr. North, stating that be held an order of the prisoners .n Government for £7 10s., and that he' would for- ward tho monoy to him when it was paid.-B. A. Maynard testified te havtag received a warrrnt : of execution against James Cummings of Cowra for £10 4s. 2d. taken out by Mr Stokes, ho forwarded the same to Mr. North, Distriot Court Registrar, Carcoar, ac- companied by a warrant directing tho amount to-bo levied in his district, and eu oloeing 18s, /worth of stamps as ' payment for the ' ralleogo from - Carcoar to - Cowra. - -Witness had no personal' knowledge: of' .priioher, nor . .ot I what took place In roferanoo to the case.-James Cum- mings,- carrier, stated he'resided at, Cowra, and. recol- lected tho verdiot ' hoing , given against him in thc? Forbes District Court, Mr. btokes, boing plaintiff, and ; witness dofoudont Recollected paying ¿21 12s. Gd. In satisfaction bf thd Claim to Mr. FOx, bailiff, of Oar- : conr,and produced a rooeipt(B), Wltnosa wss present! when tho money was paid to Mr. Fox by the person! vrhoBo natno 1» on tho receipt.-Hoary Pox doposod te having rcoolvod tho sum of £20 Us. Bl, fróm'Aiadamo Iligant in satisfaction/ of tito "vetdtot against Gum mino,«.'" Witness 'produced a reioipt (marked O) ob-, tallied from prisoner when ho paid him the money, Tho prieonur, who was cautioned in tho Usual siannor,, Jiad nothing to pay, was com-lilted to toko Ilia trial at thc next Bathurst Circuit Court, tobe huldon on. Mpttdajr, LiUi V.t3»(a imU ? j 