The Puiislion Testimonial. (From the Christian World.) Mr Punshon mot tho members of the Testimo nial Committeo on Monday last, at Kennan's Hotol, in Cheapside, and received the silver salver and cheque which represented the amount ot the contributions to tho Testimonial Fund, the salver being of the value of some forty guineas, and the cheque 700 guiueas. After those present had partaken of a breakfast, whioh was exceedingly well managed, nnd which did not by any means possess a formal character, tho object of the meot ing was stated in a few words by the Chairman, and the Rev W. Arthur, M. A., read an appro priate address, which he prefaced by some happy remarks of bis own. He referred to the earlier years of Mr Punshon's career, and pleasantly censored thoso who seemed hastily to arrive at the conclusion that, because thero was a considerable amount of the blossom of oratory in connec tion with his discourses, there could not be much fruit. Some people thought ibat a tree with flowers could not possibly be a good sturdy timber tree ; but thoso who bad had opportunity of judging would agree with him that there waB many u tree without any flowers at all that would not cut up for practical purposes half so well. Tho address which Mr Arthur then read recognised the zealous and multiplied' services of Mr Punshon, especially in connection with the fund for the erection of Wesleyan Chapels, in watering places, and referred to tho wide and j at ractivo influence which ho had exerted beyond j tho bounds of his own church, concluding with j an assurance of continued and earnest attachment, and of prayerful sympathy. The address was signed by Mr Sheriff M' Arthur, Mr A. M' Arthur, and Mr Radtnall, tho chairman and treasurers, and by Mr. J. H. Buxton, the secretary. On receiving the testimonial at the hands of the Chairman, Mr Punshon was muoh moved He assured his friends that so far as ho was personally concerned, he would much rather have dispensed with that manifestation of their attachment, though the gift itself was a source of. unalloyed pleasure. vHe spoko of the great love and respect which he entertuined for Mr Arthur, to whom he said he had been j accustomed, beforo be himself entered the minintry ; to look up as one in whose footsteps he should j like to tread. He had ucver imagined that there j was any sort of incongruity between the cultiva« tion of the graoes of style and a determination to deal faithfully with the consciences of men ; and he hoped lie had striven to remember in all his sermons, tbat possibly there were sinners present who might never hear the truth again. Mr Punshon then adverted to his early ' appoint ments' as a Methodist prcacher, some of which were in the poorest circuits of the denomination, and expressed his belief that it would be ffell for every young preacher to have such a training as theso circuits afforded. His late friend, Mr Edward Corderay, who had a great fancy for arithmetical calculations, had once expressed to him his belief that, in an effort which be had made to free from debt the chapel in Spitalfields, he has secured moro for Metho dism in six months than he had received from tho Church during tho first ten years of his ministry ; and so it was, the amount which he had reoeived within that period being much below the £1000 secured for the object named by his lectures. He had tried to lend a hearty co operation to all Evangelical churches, and he rejoiced infinite'y to' think that some of the friends who had attached themselves to the presentation were members of other churches. He was, however, a Methodist, by intelligent preference, and though he did not agree with the policy of some of his brethern, he knew that God never intended all to be alike, and if they would just allow him to preach and lecture as he could, ho would not find fault with them. As a church they »would have had far greater influence and power at the present day if they had taken to lecturing sooner. Mr Punshon then dwelt iu feeling terms upon the pain which it cost him to sever himself from his friends in England, and the necessity which he felt that he might be sustained by their prayers, and eloquently expressed his ardent desire that the baptism of the Holy Ghost might descend upon all the ohurohes of the land. The Chairman referred in terms of high eulogy to the ability which Mr. Punshon had displayed in furtherance of the various and important departments of work in which he had been engaged, and declared his belief that in prosecuting the mission with whioh he he had been entrustod, having great opportunities, he would be made abundantly uselul. — Mr. George Moore, in genial speech, expressed his sense of the great work now being performed by the Methodists, and spoke of tbo benefit which lie had derived from the ministry of Mr. Punshon when he was stationed at Bayswater. — Mr. John Corderoy and the Rev. L. H. Wiseman followed. eaoh expressing the deepest regard for Mr. Punshon, and the latter remarking that the church in this country had been much too generous in permitting him to undertake his present mission. Mr. Punshon then acknowledged his obligation to Mr. M' Arthur, 6aying how nappy he was to have beon in the sheriff's custody on that oocaBion. He hoped that, ere long, not only Mr M'Arthur, but other gentlemen from the ranks of Methodism, would take their seats in the House of Commons, and be would prefer to see them taking different sides on ordinary politics, but j dining together in one concentrated force in defence of Protestant truth. 