IH THE TWIMGHT. ? : (Prom tie AtiaMic MonlhUj for January.) '?' ? Bl-J. E. U-WELU Men say (he enlleu instrument, TTiat from tie Jputfer'a bow, With pao|ts of joy or woe, Peel* mame'stoa] through every fibre sent, Whispers the ravished strings ifore than he fcnmr or meact. Old summers in its memory glow ; The secrets of the wind it sings ; ft bean the April-loosened springs, And puses with its mood All it learned when it stood lu tbe murmurous pin£»-oo4 Long ago! The magical moonlight then Steeped every bow and cone ; The roar of the bark in the glen Came dim from the distance blown ; The wind through its gloom sang low, Anil it swayed to and fro, Fuli pf dreams, as it stood Ju the wonderful wood Long ago ! O, my life ! hare we not had seasons That only said live and rejoice? Tiat asked not for causes ami reasons, But made us all feeling aud voice t When we went with the triads in their blowing, When nature and we were jkk-ts, And our days seemed to share in thv flowing Of the inexhaustible years? Have we not Irmn the eartli-drawB juices Too tine for earth's sordid uses ? Have I heard, have 1 seen All I feel and 1 know t Doth uiy heart ovenvceu ? Or could it have been Lojig ago ? Sometimes a breath floats by me. Ail odfiur from dreamland sent, That makes the ghost seem nigh me Of a splendour that came aud went — Of a life lived somewhere, 1 know not In what divine sphere — Of memories tli.it stay not and go not, Like musie heard oncu by an car That cannot forjjet or reclaim it— A somcthiiij; so ehy it would shauiii it To maki' it a show— A something too vague, could I name it, For ..tilers to know ; Afiif 1 liail li'vul it or ilreaincd it, As if 1 had acted or scbeuicd it long ago J And yet, could I lire it for ever, This life tli.it stire in my brain. Could I be both maiden and lover, Moon and tide, bee and clover, As 1 ecem to have been, once again, Could 1 but speak it and show it, This pleasure more sharp than ;«iiii, That baffles and lures me so, The world should not lack a poet Such as we had 111 the ages glad Long ago ! 