1 BURIED A LIrE: AND. SHOT AS SA GHOST. 1 'uE Cleveland Plaindealcr tells the follow ing strange incidents as having occurred in Southern Ohio: r "'An old. gentleman, named Delos SWinans. became frantically, angry with his I son, because he had lost a 'large sum of his t father's money on a -bet. . His frenzied f feelings soon got the better of him, and he r felled his son to the floor with a blow of his fist, and 'immediately thereafter fell down in a senseless condition. Great ex Scitement in the family, ensued. 'The mother ran screauming for assistance, which was I soon forthcoming in the persons of several of ;the neighbours. ?Mrr;Winans was found S:in an apparently lifeless conditioni, with; blood 'flowing from his nose and mouth. \- "A subsequent examination by a phisi-: cian led to. the announcement, , by him, that Mr Winans had died: from the bursting I of, a blood versel. So evidently had the I vital spark fled that no effort- at resuscita i tion was made, and the remains were pre. I. pared for burial as, promptly' as possible. The. funeral of the 'deceased' took place the following Wednesday. Mlr Winan's body had only been coflined. the previous day, 'up to which- time it had remained draped in a shroud in the parlour. Not withstanding the wonderful life-look of the skin, and the colour of the.face, it occurred to no one to suggest a postponement until 'death was absolutely certain. The funeral was largely attended, and everybody re marked the life-like appearance of the de ceased. The 'remains' were temporarily placed in one of the vaults of the cemetery, owing to the fact that a brick tomb com menced for their reception 'had not been completed. "At ten o'clock on .Thursday night the village was thrown ifito great excitement by .the report that a' ghost, had been' seen in 'the cemetery a short time- before, and that the' old lady who first saw.it was frightened' into a fit, from which 'it was doubtful' whether she would recover. Thinking that probiably the ghlost was personated by some scoundrel, who had played the trick several times before, a number of persons armed themselves with shot guns, proceeded to the cemetery, and commenced a cautious in spection-their hearts thumping in their bosoms in spite of their assumed bravado. They had not long to wait, 'for there flitting among the tombs, was a white object plainly to'be seen. With trembling 'hands they raised their guns and fired, when-strange fact for a ghost--they saw the white crea.. ture fall between a couple of graves.' Pick ing up courage, they cautiously approached the object and turned a lantern upon it. Their* feelings can be better iinagined than described when they found that the ghost was.the lately decased Mir Winans; " While a portion of the party picked up the bleeding and senseless body. of the: old gentleman, and started' homeward: with it, the remainder hastened' to the vault.' There they found Mlr Wiinan's coffin broken open,j and lying upon the floor, and the coffin of t a deceased lady, that had been placed upon it, likewise thrown down from the shelf, and standing on ends alsoi partly broken open, displaying its ghostly 'inmate. The vault .door;'which was rather a weak affair, had" been forced open by the resurrected man. The party then went to Mr Winan's house, and here they found that his wounds were not serious, and that he had recovered his senses. He had been carried to the cemetery in a trance. Early on Thursday evening, consciousness flashed upon his mind that he was coflined alive.'- This lent additional strength to his struggle to get free, and he finally succeeded in bursting open the coffin"' 