THIE LAUIBETH PASTORAL. The following was read by Bishop Tufnell at the last meeting of the Brisbaner Syod : To the faithful in Christ Jesut, the Priests and Des cons, and the Lay Memhero of the Church of Chrisl in Communoion with the Anglir-a Branch of the Church CatholiC, " We, tile underoigned Bishops, gathered oudeor the good providence of God for prayer and cooference at lautbeth, pray for you lthat ye may obtail grace, erery. and peace front God our Father, and frotl the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour. " We give thanks to God, brethern beloved, for the faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, and the lore towards the saints, which hath abounded amongst you; and for the knowslodge of Christ wolich thlroughl ysu hath been spread abroad amongst the most rigorous races of sloe earth ; ustd with one mouth we make our sup phlrations to God, even tite Father, that by tle poaver -tf the Holy Ghost He would strengtlhen us with his moiglht, to amend amUongst us thie thinos lwhich are amiss, to supply thie tlhings whlichl are lacking, and to reach forlh unto hlighler measures of love and zeal in worlshipping Him, and in making known His name; and we pray that in His good time ie would give back unto Hlis whole Church the blessed gift of unity in truth. "And now we exhort you in love that ye keep whole and undefiled the faith oneo delivered to the saints, as ye have received it of the Lord Jesus. We entreat you to watch and pray, and to strive lheartily bilh us against the frauds and subtleties whecrewithl thle faith hath been aforetime and is now assailed. " We beseech you to hold fuest, as tile sure word of (God, all the csnotical Scripturesrc of thle Old and New 'Testament; and that by diligent study of these oa rles of God, praying in tihe Holy Ghost, ye seek to know more of thie Lord Jesos Christ our Suriour, very God and very tMan, ever to be adored anld wor shipped, whom tihey reveal unto us, and of the will of God, which thoey declure. " Furthermore, we entreot, you to guard yourselves and yours against tile growing superstitions nold ad ditions with lwhich in these latter das thie truth of Gad hath been overlaid; as otherwise,'so specially by the pretlension to universal sovereignlty over Godl hleritage oasserted for the See of Routt, and by the practlical exaltation of thle Blessed Virgin Mary as mediator in the place of her Divine Son, and by the addressing of prayers to hler as intercessuor between God and maoll. Of such beware, we beseechl you, knowing that thle jealous God givethl not His honour to anothler. " Build yourselves up, therefore, belored, in your mobt holy faith; grow in peace and in tihe knowledge and lore of Jesus Chlrist oar Lord. Show forth before ill mon by your fithl, self-denial, purity, and godly conversation, as well as by your labours for the people amotgst whomt God lhathl so widely spread you, and by tile setting forth of His Gospel to the unbelievers and thle hIeathlen, that ye are indeed tile servants of Him ltho died for us to reconcile lis Fathloer to ts, and to be a sacrifice for the sine of the whale world. " Brethren beloved, with one voice we warn you: tlhe time is short ; the Lord cometht; watch and be sober. Abide steadfast in the Coommunion of Saints, wherein God has granted you a place. Seek in faithl for oneness withl Christ in the blessed Secrament of His body and blood. Hold fast thie Creeds and thle pure worship and order, whilch of God's gace ye Ihave ilnhoerited from tihe Primitive Churchl. Beware of eousing divisions contrary to the doctrine ye lhaoero received. Pray and seek for unity amoangst yourselves, and amongst all thloe faithful in Christ Jesus, and tite good Lord make you perfect, and keep your bodies, souls, and spirits, until tile coming of the Lord Jesus." 