THE POLICEMAN AT DEDDINGTON. To the Editor of the Launceston Examiner. Sir, I should like to ascertain where your correspondent, "John Powell," who figureded so conspicuously in your issue of the 10th instant, graduated. relleets the greatest credit upon the instittitution which performed the noble task of edlucating him. le is certainly a brilliant writer, and if he coa raise his voice as well as he can wield his p1n; if his oratorical powers are in keeping with his caligraphy, orthogoraphy, aind compo sition, I hesitate not to any he would make a most excellent Municipal Councillor; and had I really known that his attainments wore of so high an orloer, I should Miost certainly lhav recorded nly vote in his favor when he ofirced himself us it candidate for omunicipal honors. But now that we are all (through the medium of your columns) letade ac quainted with the length and depth of hllis erudition and scholastic attainioents, let 11e one and all rally round himi at the forth coming election of Councillors and tni umplhantly conduct himi to a seat in one of our then vacant municipal chairs. At all evente our Municipal Councillors will be frail and fallible individually and collectively until they are honored and blest with impeccable " John Powell's" official and august inesence. Then indeed, Sir, and not till then, will our Councillors (to use his owns words) " grant us that reform which our municipality olo wised at its coolnnlenc enlent"-thloe will " our police force, to say the least of it, become alumost perfect"; and then also will " those abuses"-which (as he says) " would not have been allowed to exist twenty years ago" -suddenly disappear like the early morning dow before the meridian s8uno of Councillor SJolhn Powell's" onuilpotent presence. But to hb serious, "John Powell" would have us believe that his son is a clever detective that he " found the place where the sheep was killed," and "suspected the thief." Excel lent.young man I heroic feats ! you deserve great praise. In you is to be found the raw material from which a lhappy constable nmy yet be manufactured ; and if your dear flthler should but persevere in the good work of "writing down" our constable, who can tell but you may some day '" touch lucky," and drop in for his rosy billet. But, strange to say, the hon. Byron Miller-an impartial and competent judge- dillfered materially in opinion upon the point from your worthy father, for he attributed the praise, not to you, but to our sub-inspector who found the skin, part of the carcase, and all the other links, which when put together formned a corm plete chain of circumstantial evidence against the accused, whom he apprehended and con victed. Tlhereforo I submit that our con. stable is justly and legally entitled to the reward which was advertised and publicly offered to anyone who, at or around the Upper Nile, slhoild apprehend and convict a sheepstealer. And I hope "John Powell" will not be backward in paying his sharo of the roward, as le was one of the parties who signed the offer; and I am sure that most of the gentlemen whose signatures are attached to the documents offering it (being men of honor) will not hesitate to hand over to him the respective sums which they guaranteed to pay. But to proceed, "John Powell" asserts that lie has known our constable " to be ab sent from his )luties for a whole day." " Where was he," he says, " on the 24th of Mlarch fromn seven o'clock in the morning till nine at nights At his farm I" These words, Sir, written or at all events signed by the hand of "John Powell," constitute a wicked, a gross, aind a malicious libel upon the character of a respectable, conscientious, and long-tried publid officer; and I should advise our Sub-Inspector forthwith to place the whole affair in the hands of some respectable solicitor, ·ho will soon make "John Powell" repent the day he commenced his spiteful and osicalled-for' attack. Surely "'John Powell'!'cannot ,have forgotten that on that very 24th of March, above all other days, our constable,, about the hour of nine o'clock in the morning, served "John Powell's" own person with a summons for having com mitted a breach of tho.Police Act, for which offence he was, on the 27th of the same month, mulet in the sum of eighteen shillings and sixpence.. Then, Sir, if our Sub Inspector was "at his farm" at the .same hour that he was performing a special, and, I may add, a meritorious act of duty at the residenoe of !' John Powell," lihe must, be. no ordinary constable-indeed he must have , been possessed of the Divine attribitte of omnipresence. But, further, our constoble on duty visited the residence of a respeclable farmer at Patterdalo about ten o'clock on the morning of this same (24th) day of March, and at eight o'clock on theo evening of the samolday (as " John Powell" himself certifies) he laid an information against another respectaollo resident of the Upper Nile for driving withoutlights. How, then, Mir. Editor, could our constable have been at his farm as alleged by your unblushing and imprudent correspondent from seven in the morning till nine in the evening. But if our constable had been at his farm the whole of the day referred to he would, have been guilty of no misconduct, for it ' sd happened that on that very day. he' had obtained leave of absence from his Superin tendenit, as'that gentleman will certify. But alas for our sub-Inspector, for on- that fatal 24th of Maroh lie committed a most 'deadly sin. Yes, he had the auda-oity to cite the great " John Powell" beforo a leSol and just tribunal fora breach of the law, and the nOver-to-bceforgiven 'crime has since caused all the anathemas of' John Powell''" lucid and mighty pen to Iburst like' thunder cnlap upon hlis official head. But sstained by the strong arm ofthe law: and Upbeld and ;rc tected inrthe lawful dishairgeo of his duty ay ajust, inipnrtlals; sdoddiscrimlaatlng beiinch' f magistratesc, he can well afford to laugh at the futile and feeble attaors of" John Powell" alias " tatopnyor." I John Powell"rofloota upon the moral oharnoter of our sub In spoolor, and tries to insinuate that he noted no improper and dishoneatcourse by turning hi hourso into your corrospondent's paddeok. lint the mero fitet of Ili having boon a meumber of the levanlalo police frco over sitne his arrival in the colony in '02, is in Imy opinion a suftlicient guaranteo fbr the in teurity of bIl rmoral charactor. o n morely lowered the rails of a ilip panel and lot bin hors inoin the name paddook whoro it bad been previously running for a period of nix weoks, ldy and night under a regular ngreo m-ut with " John Powell," who, tho morning after lhe ccrjeeivd lthe summons (to his shame bI it said) iimpouuded our constable's horso an if it had only broken into his promises for the flint time. It is quite true that an individual of notoriety committed a " savago nnsault" upon the poruon of our villago shoemaker of whose prseonco and sorvices sho hand like to deprive us for ever, for aho unmercifully beloagured himr with a well seasoned Ilibornian ohillolal until ho "throw up the spongo," and ho had liko to givo up the ghost. lint your flippant and ambiguous correspondent further avers Ih;t we have got no such tlling n af reets at Deddit gton. Really, Mir. Editor, lih must be lahoring under and be blinded by somne sronlg deolsion. Is it possible that " John Powell," one of our load Ronl trlstees, i8 not awaro that our towlnshiplikeanny other town and villago in the world is compoced of n certnin number of streolt. Here, agani, ''John Powell" " seems to hilve tinued throulh ignorance." Laotour worthy road trusto just procure a chart or tracing of Dlddington township, and ho will flind that it is composed of Elizaboeth street, Laurn-strtet, and sundry others of like names. I think your readers will now admit that I have thoroughly analyzed and scattered to the four winds every one of the foolish acon antions wllich "John Powell" line thoulght proper to advance against our constable, and in conclusion I am heartily sorry to hear that II model writer suchl ao "John Powell": unqnes. tionlibly is should have made up his mind I not to trouble you with another letter." It is a thousand pities that hle should coase to edify your readers with his brilliant epistles. Ulecommenced the cowardly attack upon our constable, and having yet accomplished Ito things, why should he now beat such a inasty and inglorious retreat ? Is it not because he finds his poition untenablo. Let me caution " John Powell" (now that lie has retired from the field) never more to tamper with police affairs of which lie evidently knows nothinz. Let me also advise him to retiro into some quiet convenient corner and there endeavor to enjoy his pie and be thankful, and never again be so imprudent as to enter the liast of newspaper writers, nor strive to emerge from that obscurity for whicl nature or fate alone intended him. Let him try and follow the good example of his more wealthy neighbors, mind his own business, and lot other people do the eamo.-Yours obediently, Jona O'BRIEN. Upper Nile, May 23. 