THR BTO~iYTELLER. :tHE EALOUS WIFE. " . .HAPTER L " Biut who is this girl P aiwd what is she to:him? iiiam still young---they say still lieautifii;:'e professes to love megreat heaven pcan it be only profession?? Am I. e.eived? She is his pratege-~-I know that; I have always known that he. edu cated a younghuhild-,he told me; but in the blind confidence of love I asked him no questions. Oh, I thought him honor i·tself-·as great in moral worth as in genius. But who is this betuntifui girl he has taken to his home-whom he ex p.ects me to receive, t-o welcome ?" The snall boudoir was dimly lighte.d by an antique bronze lamp swung froni the ceiling by silver chains. But. the beaut3y and originality of the. furniture were made visible even in that obscure light, The tables of rich wood overlaid with costly marble were upheld by strange figures whose wild faces gleamed out Smockingly. The chairs grinned with fantastic, elf-like countenances ; xery article in the room seemed an embodied Spresence, and a stranger might have felt as if surrounded with goblins, half hu man, a few'only sJtrikingly angelic. These latter performed various offices at the toilet-table, somqne supporting the beautilul inirror, others holding out fairy-like pcups in which to place cosmetics, or boxes of ebony, or gilded baskets. The strange apartment was the product of a whim; but the whim had originated in the brain of one of the world's great masters, of whom it has been said:; "' He stands out as a sublime example of the patient endurance that ennobls, and'of the self-abnegation and suffering tha.t purify as by fire." • The only occupant of this room was a woman attired in a robe of ridh purple velvet, girdled by a cord and tassels of silver; under the folds of which gleamed an selaborately-embroidered satin skirt, that in turn just revealed the tiny pro portions of a foot encased in silken slip pers. SHer face was beautiful, thopgh marred by lines of;passion-a beauty that in her happier nimoents had been reproduced upon canvas, and that still is immprtal, smilingylown from the walls of many a palace, adprning the poet's study 'and .the cottager's parlour, preserved through the great and immutable power of genius. Leoda was her strange name, and some way it seemed to fit well with her great starry eyes, those seas of passion or of light, as her mood made them. She was in truth. as the world called her, a rqueenly woman, fitte, to share the love and honors of her almost idolized. hus band. M. Schultz was still a young man. Surrounded by all the visible tokens of prosperity, he was yet a.aad man. The lofty countenance was marred somewhat by lines of suffering, Occa sional fi~ts of melancholy touched . his hdusehold with gloom. He had married a beautiful woman, but she exacted too much. It should have filled her with pleasure_ to see her beloved husband the companion of prin pes, honored and consulted by them; it pometimes made her miserable. She had been very happy that day, ~for M. Schultz had driven her out, an'd gt such times she was on the pinnacle of happiness. To seethe gay courtiers bowing in theirdirection ; to hear the voices of those whom the world honored saluting with homage, saying: '-" There he goes---the artist par excel lence-.-our own painter !" had caused her \- vain heart to flutter with pleasure. She did not notice, in the charming whirl of fashion, amidst the perfume of Junie breezes, Ihe delightful scene around her,- that the face of her husband wore a sad, dispirited look--that often his brow ?,as quite overcast with gloom, and his eyes gave far-off, wistful glances, and sometimes turned to her with somethig imploring in their gaze. They had returned home; the intoxi Ration was over- the heart fluttering was gone. Madame had scarcely unrobed, before she was summoned to her hus band's study as she passed the door on her way to her room. "I took the liberty of calling you," said the painter, coming forwar4 as she entered. In the distance the glimmer of count ]essbindings,;brightwith gilding, could be dimly seen, for only one small light was 'burning. In the foreground stood M. Schultz, his dressing-robe falling about his slight figure in statuestip folds, his deep eyes restless and unnaturally bright, his air meditative; and at the same time mingled with timidity, as one who asks a favor and is not quite sure that it. will be granted, His wife was seated; the painter be gan to walk softly back and forth, his hands, white and dClipate, plasped be hind him. "I-think proper to inform you, my dear, that I intend sending for my ward, She will be here within two days." "The little Cornelie ?" queried his wife. "Yes; though the child has by. this time the stature of a woman. I have not seen her for two years; she must be sixteen. I have never said much about her to you heretofore. She will have a claim on your sympathy, I 'trust, as being the daughter 6f flisfortune-one who has been a!l her life among stran gels,' and who has known no real love. As a child she was not pretty, but if her maturer years hold out no prospect of beauty, she will not, I trust, be any the less welcome to you." The constrained voice, the changed manner, troubled Madame Schultz more than the intslligence. She had heard, it was true, but seldom of this child, and then not in. a manner to pique her curi osity; now the subject seemed full of mystery, and she stood in such awe of her husband that she dared not question him. She longed to know whose was the child, what special claim she had on him, that he should have taken the sole charge of her education, and now offered her a home. She only bowed her head with a murmured word or two, that she ' should be very happy--of eourse she was always ready to fulfil his slighest wishes." " Thank you, dearest," he said, with one of his dazzling smiles. I trust you will lear? to love her for herself !" and here the intSrviPw ended. The next day was the one set apart by ohe poet-painter for his weekly receptions. The wide hall, a galiery of art, be tween whose. pillgrs and smiling from many a niche the most enchanting forms of marble met the view, teemed with the great and gifted of the land. Poets, painters, musicians, artists, cele brities, from every quarter of the world, thronged to the princely presence of one whom the most gifted confessed as master of all in his special department. It has been said of him, and was then conceded, that he expressed4" the most sacred as well as the most passionate feelings of the human s3ul." For hours the salons were filled with beauty and genius. At last a plain travelling carraige drove up to the door nearest the studio, and where Mr. Schultz himself was ac customed to enter. The poet-painter was at that moment standing by a window (his back towards it) which overlooked that special passage, and by his side Madame Schultz, :brilliant. and darkly beaitiful as ever. They were in the act of exchanging adi us with .a fhiend. when the latter ex claimed, imp~ulsively, -, Good Heavens ! what an exquisite face !"' All turned to the window.. A young girl, lovely *as an angel, had just de scended from the carriage, and now stood gazing about her with an almnost childish bewilderment, till she caught the eye of ~M. Schultz as he turned. Then her face brightened with a passionate brightness; the dark eyes grew liquid; the red blood mounted to her cheek, softly, pallid be fore. In an instant the poet-painter, with one word of apology, wasgone, "I never saw anything so lovely," said the countess. " Pray, is it a relative, or a model which your husband has had the good fortune to find in some secluded valley ? for I feel sure no face like that has been seen in Paris this many a day." M]adame Schultz had grown deadly pale-she could scarcely explain to her self for what. Perhaps it was the re memberance of her husband's manner at that interview; it might be the wonder ous beauty that had gushed so unexpec tedly upon her; it might be the sudden ness with which he had left her to wel come his ward. She had no doubt as to whom it could be, and answered accor dingly, in a voice whose steadiness sur prised herself. "It is some one we have been expec ting ---a pupil, a ward of my husband." And yet the sight of that face, or rather the memory of its loveliness, en 'raged her. She could hardly command her self-possession till her husband re turned, and as soon as she could, glided stealthily to her own room, there to give way to the passion that seemed choking her. After a few moments of tears, her haughty spirit regained her wonted com posure; She decided to keep a strict watch upon her husband - upon this young creature so wondrous in charms; and resolved to use all the cunning of which she was mistress to find out her parentage. As for asking calmly and dispassion ately, as was her right, she would rather have died. No; the germ of a desper ate resolution must be enfolded in rose leaves; she would even play the part of friend to this friendless girl, the better to serve her purpose. Then she strength ened her resentment by lifting her candle to the face above her, one of her husband's masterpiece's, entitled "The Temptation." " Ah! there was the haunting mystery--the features, the com plexion of alabaster fairness, the silken tresses and the dove's eyes, all where here; and this face was like that. Her hand trembled as she put down the small waxen taper, and her eyes burned with passion. "Some might have called him old when he married me," she whispered; "he is ten years my senior, and he who so wor ships beauty, he had surely seen those he loved long ere he met me. Great heaven! Imust find out who this girl is, and whose is that face, and why she is brought under my roof. Can it be possible? No!" and she put away some bitter thought that had caused the crimson tide to rush over cheeks and brow, and that when it receded left the whole face ice with its cold, glittering eyes, Meantime the unconscious cause of all this heart-burning had met the great painter with outstretched hands and eyes. full of joyful tears. Oh! how she longed, as in the old childish times, to throw her arms about his neck and kiss him with all a child's abandon; but something in his manner repelled the impulse. He took her hand, smiling thoughtfully but sweetly, and gazed at her with something like pride in his tender eyes, as he said: " 'Welcome, Cornelie ; this is your home. You have improved very much, my child-; I should"-he caught his breath-".have known you, though." Aiid there he stopped, much agitated, hardly daring to look at her. Presently he recovered hiinself, and said smiling: "But you must be tired. Come, and I will find someone to show yoji to your room." It was a dainty little apartment, taste fully decorated- with lace and rose coloured hangings, but more appropriate for a child than the slender woman who stood there smiling and yet tearful as she mark-ed the decorations. '! Very like my room at school," -she murmured; " and I am sorry, for it was a: pleasant home for me. And this great painter, my benefactor--oh, I worship him! I worship him! And not I alone. I was envied at school because I was his ward. Most of the attention I received was for his sake. Ah! how blessed must she be who calls him husband! I would willingly be his slave." And the impulsive girl walked dreamily towards the mirror, smiled faintly at the reflection of her wondrous beauty, and accepted the services of the spruce little dressing-maid. who came in at that moment, for she was really wearied with her journey. As for little Pauline, she flutteredabout in a high state of admiration, praised the abundance and beauty of her hair, and had her own thoughts whenever she re called the flashing eyes and clouded brow which her mistress tried in vain to con ceal when she sent her up to wait on the. "new younglady." When the supper-bell rang, Cornelie went-down trembling, she could scarcely tell why. The atmosphere of this new home affected her unpleasantly. Once out of her pretty chamber, she wished herself back. She dreaded the formality of her introduction to madame. The poor child had. a foreboding very dim, but threatening-that the roses hitherto blooming along her path were about to f.de, though she had looked forward to her relea2e from school with unqualified joy.. Madame Schultz was entering at 6ne door while she appeared at another. The two glanced fully in the face of each.; Cornelie started at the dark beauty of madame; Mrs. Schultz grew furiously jealous on the instant, for seldom, as the Countess Brian had said, was a face like that seen in Paris. The two advanced, but with- what different emotions! M. Schultz, pale, undaunted, calmly did, the honours; madame smiled, and extended her hand. Cornelie thought that death could not be colder. The child was very quiet; madame witty and brilliant; M. Schultz at his ease, and growing every moment happier as he saw the animation of .his wife. If she was only pleased with Cornelie, it was all he asked. He loved her when she did not startle and frighten him with her vehemence. Rppose was what he coveted.--it marked his heavenly creations ; tragedy was not his forte--passion disgusted him. Cornelie looked from splendour to splendour. The luxurious dining-room was filled with mirrors, hangings of pale crimson satin, masterpieces .of the best painters, ancient and modern, an art col lection thrown into the most exquisite detail of arrangement by one who never made a:mistake in such matters. M. Schultz took almost as much pains with his furniture as with his paintings. Nothing was insignificant to him that was beautiful, or capable of giving plea sure, Madame's eye brightenee at every new token of taste. Her's was an artist's soul, and the smallest fraction of ideal excellence was not lost upon her. She saw loveliness which she could not begin to approach; she saw the pleasure. with which the artist gazed on Cornelie's charming features, so illuminated with the sweetest smiles, and her jealousy grew with every swift moment. And yet she veiled her ungenerous nature, and forced herself to be more than courteous, while Cornelie thought : "At last I have found father and mother, and the poor orphan's lot will not be so lonely." Cornelie accepted madam's invitation to spend the evening with her-in. the boudoir. "Oh, madame, how ,beautiful every thing is !" she cried out, with pleasure, as the wife of M. Schultz lighteid the lamps on the various tables, and. every grotesque figure flashed into -view. ' I think tlus room would make me a poetin spite of myself." "Do you sing, my dear?" asked Ma dame Schultz, startled at the exceeding beauty of the girl, heightened by the flame and colour of the room;. "Yes, madame, music is almost a passion with me." "Here is a little piano fitted in this recess; let me hear you." Cornelie, with eyes ablaze and red lips parted, flew to the quaint instrument bristling all over with antique images. She sang, and her listener sat -transfixed. " My voice will no longer seem a wonder to him," thought the latter, passionately. "Do you draw as well as sing?" "Oh, madame, that is my passion, too," said the enthusiast. "Ah, when I was a child how happy it made'me:to sit: beside my good, kind friend! He directed my studies; he first taught me to love. the art." " You mean my husband ?" - Cornelie looked up, her innoceiit 'fa?oe startled. Without -intending it, there was somewhat of harshness in the v6ice that addressed her. . Yes, madame,I -n-wa ith--hinralw-ys when a: very little child.. I remember the room. It was quite small, wi+h rich green and crimson furniture, and one beautiful face on the wall,.. which we both loved. Ah !"-she clasped her hands, her brow grew radiant-" there it is ! that is the picture-the . picture we worshipped together. " -' The face of madame grew dark with anguish. It was that paintingwhich the young girlresembled. But she forced down the almost stifling emotion. - "Did he ever tell you whom it it picture was taken for ?" " Never; but it must have been some body he loved, for I have seen him stand before it hours, with his hands folded, and once the tears stole down his cheeks,. but then I went away. I thought he would not like meto see him cry. Per haps," she said a moment after, startled at the white face of madame, and con scious thlat she might have uttered some imprudence, " perhaps she is his sister or his mother." "No;, neither," was the hoarse reply. " That was--when you were how old ?" ' I was five, madame; at six I went to school." " And four years after I gave him all my heart," murmured the proud woman, as she turned away to hide her terrible emotion. " You will retire now, if you please,"' she added, a moment after. "I will ring for Pauline." "' i shall never love her," sighed Cor nelie, repulsed by the change in' her 4nanner, 'for to some sensitive natures a look or gestiure is a revelation. Watch jealpusly as she might, there was nothing to mark against i. Schultz, though the' suspicious wife almost plan ned temptation for him. Cornelie grew more beautiful day by day. She had never been taught to con ceal her preferences. A careless observer might have trembled at her enthusiastic manner before the great artist. Perhaps he saw it with growing trouble. At least he seemed less composed in her presence. All Paris, as men carelessly say, was in arms about this new beauty. Never was such a voice heard. Who was she ? And yet for once scandal was silent. Who dared accuse M. Schultz, the pure, the exalted? One look in his calm eye, at the growing spirituality of his coun tenance; disarmed scandal. No one thought of evil, even of indiscretion; but his wife, and M. Schultz himself was be gining to feel the influence of her mood. It troubled him. He increased his kind ness, if possible, and was repulsed. Be tween two fires he scarcely knew how to turn. One day Pauline came to her mistress with a white, scared face. She was a timid girl, not overgifted wiith common sense, and blindly fond of her mistress. "-What is the matter ?" asked madame; "' you look.as if you had seen a ghost." S" Oh, mndame, I have seen--I have seen," and here the girl cowered and trembled. " Spek, ~tell me !" criedl her mistress, in a peremptory voice. . " No, I must not; no, I will not. He \--my master would kill me? No you must not ask me." " Pauline, either tell me what you have seen, or leave me-now-go back to your sick mother and lame sister. I wash my hands of you-go-go." "But oh, madame"-and here the girl sobbed convulsively-" it will make you wretched ! I dare not." " Tell me-of whom is it ?. M. Schultz. The woman's lips were parted, her hands outstretched, her eyes glared so frightfully that Pauline, almost bereft of her senses, fell on her knees gasping; " Itf was she-she-and Ml. Schultz. He-held her in his arms- close--he he kissed her-she clung to him--she would not let him go. Oh, mercy! I. have killed her ! What shall I do ?" She flew to the toilet-table, saturated a sponge with aromatic vinegar, and bathed the face of her mistress. At last a long drawn sigh rewarded her efforts, but as madame slowly aose, her glaring eyes and clenched t6eeth were more fearful to the foolish child than her insensibility. Almost inaudibly she said: " I must go and tell the master." "No, no !" gasped her mistress, catching her hand, and holding her as in vice. "Say nothing to my husband not a word-not a word ! I would see for myself. There, I am better now. See here, Pauline, keep your silly tongue to yourself.. Not a word of this to any living soul, or-" Her look was.so threatening that the girl shrank -back affrighted, readily promising. At the command of her mis tress she left her, and hurried to her own room, thoroughly despising herself for her own weakness, sensible that she had committed an error that would not soon be forgiven. (l__ ' e continued.) 