ExzcaAoDINaAny Cowovcr. or ,A FaNacui -CAP. TArl.-The following are the detailed particulars of the extraordinary occurrence, briefly, referred to In our lssue of Saturday. in'conneotion with the recent departure of the Paul Riquet, commaoded by Cap. tain Genevierre. Pilot Taylor states thatron the 14th instant (Friday) the Paul rtiquet inished load. Ingat the cranes, and was towed to Middle Harbour, with a draught of seventeen feet nine Inches,-the limit put upon the vessel by the harbour.master, and beyond which she was not supposed.to be,laden. The captain left the wharf, with the exprested intention of not loading any deeper. , On the follow. log Monday morning be went to the pilot.office, and reported himself as ready for sea. lie was asked what water hie vessel drew, and, replied that it drew eighteen feetnlne Ioches...The draught had been increased a foot by shifting the coal from the fore to the afterpart of the ship.; PilotTaylor Informed the agents for the vessel that she could not go to son without being lightened as the draught had been Increased a foot since ,leaving the wharf, lie also told Captain Genevierre,that he could go out by taking the steam-tugs, but reminded him at the same time of the risk there would be in doing so. The captain replied that he would take all the risk: on himself, and agreed with Pilot Taylor to take him out the same afternoon., Pursuant to this arrange. ment, 3Mr. Taylor went on board about three o'clock theveasel was unmoored, and got out all right, with. out the slightest injury. .Shortly after getting out. side, the weather.bhpome very threatening, and It was evident a heavy squall was coming up.., Pilot Taylor anticlipating the squall requested the captain of the Warhewk, steamer, to look after; tho bout In case of its coming on to blow, ,On the approach of thesquall,twhichr came up very suddenly, Pilot Taylor gave the order to let go,the steeamer's rope. The order not being obeyed promptly, Mr.,Taylor ranand cast.the rope oil.himself, hbut not without considerable; difficulty, owing to the laterference of Captain Genevierre' and his, crew, who strongly objected'to.the steamer leaving the ship, although the wind wad blowing strong from the N.V. at the time. On, going aft again, Mr. ,Taylor ordered the crew to haul in the port forebreast, with,a. view;to lay the milntopeell aback, and, bring the ship's head to the southward,, so as to allow the pilot-boat, to come alongside, and the men In it to get on board the barque, The position of the boat at this time was an exceedingly critical one, and the men were in imminent danger of losing their lives, and feeling this to be the case, they were loudly calling on Mr, Taylor to take them on board the ship. This-the captain of the barque seemed determined should not be done and obstinately refused to allow the crew to assist In altering the ship's position. . Pilot Taylor still kept hold of the helm and did all he could to effect his ,purposo,: Finding that be would,n ot desist, Captain Oenevlerre called the crew on to the poop, and there, amid the- most unearthly' yelling and shouting, one ofi the number -several - times flourished a sword or dagger ovr Iler Taylor'. head, the captain himself at the same time trying to take the helm'out of thepilot's hands by main. force, This DMr. Taylor prevented him from doing until the pilot-boat was alongside, when he at once let go the helm end;left the, ship. The WVarhawk ,was n attendance, and at once returned to pbrt with.the boat In tow., The position of the pilot.boaifor some minutes was an' exceedingly dangerous one, and but fot the presenca of mind and firmness dieplayed by 1!rs Tailor, ani alarming and fatal accident must inevitably have taken place, We trust the proper steps will be taken to bring the conduct of Ceptain Genevlerre officially under the notice of the French consul in Sydney. - From the statement. of Mr. Taylor, which can be fully corroborated by the men who were in the pilot.boat, it is quite clear that the captalte fths ltaul Ilquetwas guilty of a vry serious double offence, via., thwarting the lawful commands of the pilot, and endangering the lives of several human beings. We trust he may yet be called upon to explain such disreputable behaviour. The ship Itself was not In the slightest danger, as the wind was blowing off the land at the Ulme. Newcsstle Chronicle. Tte WsVrTarna AT YAss.-The change of the moon yesterday Is prognostital of a change in the weather. The season has been unusually dry for the farmers, and much of the late.sown wheat is only Just appearing above the surface. There are pad docks that were ploughed soon after harvert, and sown at the latter end of May and the begining of June; the wheat there Is well up, and in some places even rank. During this month where there IP rankness the crop should be eaten down, and then rolled during next month rolling is the only pro. cess by which to prevent the premature growth of the wheat. This is the dictum of experienced colonial farmers.-Courler. MAtIL SEnvxcx.-The government has called for tenders for the conveyance of mails between the fol. lowing places, either by coach or on horseback, for one.year, from the Ist January, 18600, to the 31st December, 1869, or for three years from the said 1st January to 31st December, 1871. .Tenders to be sent in before eleven o'clock on Monday, the 19th October, with a certificate of a magistrate to be written on the back of each tender. Southern Road i-To and from Goulburn, Collector, GOundaroo, Oinnlnderra, Canberra, and Queanheyan three times a week. To and from Gunning and Dalton, twice a week. To and from Yams and Burrows, rva Lime. stone and Lang's Creek, three times a week. To and from Young, Morangarell, and Marsden's once a week. ' To and from Yass and Gundaroo, ria 3Mun. doonah, and by Yass River route, twice a week. To and from Gundagal and Clarendon, once a week. To and from Tumut and Klandra, once a week. ArroiNTsura.-Customs' departmentl Mr. John Green, to be locker In charge of the Inland bonded warehouse, Wagga WaVgga. SIMULTANEOUS RIFtL, lfATCaHns.-Tho following appears in the Times of the 2nd ultimot--Tn the simultaneous matches just concluded between rifle. men of Britain, Canada, and Australia, the first prize, value £16, at short ranges, has been won by Mr. Stephen Lynch, of the Sydney Volunteers. The first prize at long ranges was won by ler. J. Rigby, of Dublin, and the price for rifle clubs was won by the Bristol Rifle Club squad, Mesers. Met. ford, (. Miller, G. Gibbs, I. Lane, and J. Baker. DATtmrnr.-Wednoeday.-WVe have had a succes. slon of heavy showers during the night and morns Ing.-MIr. Rutherford, the mayor of the borough, has sent in his resignation as an alderman.-Tele gram to 8. 1, Herald. MAnnnonovaor.-1Wednosday.-The fortnightly escort from Gympie to-day brought 2010 ounces of gold; one battery only is at work. Some rich stone has been come upon In Threlkeld's Golden Currie Claim.-Telegram to 8. M~, erald. MIeaornnre.-Wednesday, 0 p.m.-The govern. ment Intend to abolish the ofilce of provincial sheriffs.-The lands department have issued a beauti. ful photograph of the raised map of Victoria.-Thu rovernment refuse to sanction a sum for the Queen's Plate In future.-At a tea-meeting at the Rev. Mr. iHenderson's Congregational Church, it was stated that the congregatidon had raised the sum of £17,000 In two years.-The Assembly agreed to a vote of £1600 for the widow of Mr. Snodgrass.-Procee'dings have been instituted to stop Peck's Iottery.-There have been extra finds of gold at Whipstick, Band. burst.-Telegram to S. MI. Herald. I PUnLICAoI' LrczNEsa.-A supplement to the Guy. ernment Gazette, published on Wednesday, contains a return of publicans' licenses Issued for the year commencing let July, 1808, and ending 30th June, 1869\. The districts are alphabetically arranged, and the names of the publicans In each district are given. As It may prove interesting, we give the numbers- Adelong, 6; Albury, 25; Armidale, 18; Balranald, 4; Bathurst, 80; Berrima, 18; Bingers, 2; iombala, 10; I]raldwood, 51; Dourke, 12; Biullock Flat, 1; IBurrowa, 10; Camden, 6; Cumpbelltown, 10; Car ooar, 25; Casino, 10; Cassilis, 10; Coomsa, 8; Coona. barabran, 0; Coonamble, 7; Corowa, 0: Deniliquin, 31; Dubbo, 28; Dungog. 65 Eden, 15; Emu Crook, 27; Euaston, 1; Forbes, 28; Glen Innes, 0; Gosford, 4; Goulburn, 08; Grafton, 23; Gulligal, 1 ; Gun. dagal, 20; Gunnedah, 9; Gunning, 1; liargraves and Windeyer, 13 ; llartley, 33; la, 12; Inverell, 6; KIama, 9; Klandra, 4; Liverpool, 31 Macleay, 6;. Maitland, 60; Mlenindie, 31 Merriwa, 4; Moamn, 3; Molong, 10 ; Mtnre, 1; Moruya, 10 ; oulamoin, 31 Mudgee, 40; hiarrumburrah, 21 Mfurrurrundi, 14; Muswllhbrook, 14; Newcastle, 60 Niundle, 13 i Orange, 31; Parramatta,,42; Paterson, 7; Penrith, 23;'.Picton, 7; Port Macquarie, 2; Port Stephens, 6; Qusanbeyan, 13; Raymond Terrace, 61 Rockley, itd lde t 1; Rylstone, 6; Scone, 12; Shoalhaven, ;' Singleton,. 23; Sofal, 231 Stony Creek, 10; Sydney, 607; Tambaroora, 8; Tamworth, 16; Ten. terfeld, 0; Timbarra, 3; Turna, 21 Tumbernmba, 2; Tumut, 17; Uralla, 7 Urana, I; Vagg Wagga, 31; Walcha and iiendermeer. 3" Walgett, 0; War. aIda, 15; WeeaWaa,.11, Wellington, 10-.Went. worth, 11; Windsor, 27; Wingham, 8; Wollombi, 6;-Wollongong, 14; Yass, 27; Young, 22. Total, 1803\. These pay a license feeof £30 per annum each, thusbo contributing some £54,000 to the revenue. GozENr.LL.-Tuesday.- The escort took from Orenfell 3237 oz. 18 dwts. 0 grs., cash £200, and from Forbes 201 oz. 12 dwts. 16 grs. Two and a half tons Junee Eaglehawk quartz brought 3 oz. Splendid re. salt of a vein fre feet wide. The three machines at the company's dam ceased operations for want of water.-Telegram to S. Ml. Herald, - WITHDRAWAL or LAn raoa SALE.-The under. mentioned . portion r of. land, advertised In :the Government Gazette of the 20th July last (No. 180), for sale at the poliee.ofloe, Bombala, on the 31st In etant, has been withdrawn from sale, namely :-Lot A, portion I, county of Wellesley, parish of &oolum.; books. ' The. undermentioned portion of land, advertised In the Government Oazette of the 20th ultimo (No. 180), for sale at the police.fntico, Goul. burn, on the 31st instant, has been withdrawn from sale, namely t-Lot L, portion 602 county of Argyle, pariah of Narrangarril. , T?t Gtrrts DI)anoons.-The correspondent of the Maryborough Chronicle says--The extraordinary find of two thousand ounces of gold In Perseverance Reef, a seventyounce nugget at the Deep Creek, and the Two-mile Reefing rush form the principal items of mining news. " An abundance of powder having arrived, blasting operations are going on In full force consequently our town' Is comparatively . deserted during the day, although presenting the appearance of a fair at night. We take the following items from the Nashville Times of the 10th Instant :-Day by day our reefs are Increasingin number, as also,ln many Instances, in value, There are now one bun. dred and thirty registered on the commissioner's books. This would surpriseold Ballarator Bendigo residents. As a proof of the richness of our reefs, we may mention that fifty tons of quarts from the Lady Mary, prospecting claim, yielded 1405 c. I dwt. The stone picked from the same quarts had previously turned out 1048 oz., making a totalof 8443 6i; 1 dwt.; or an average of. 0 oz. 10 dwts.,top. the ton, A correspondent at Klklivan writes to us that the minberthere contintue to take out a good deal of gold; but unlil new ground i struck there Is not room for more people there.. The colour of gold has been found in several places, some of them distant, but nothing yet to pay, ' Claims had been taken up in the ttaffordshlre ieef to No. 9 SoBauth and No 6 North. A share In the pr0spector's claim had changed hands for £50. Two shafts of upwards of sixty feet have been sunk at the Old Copper Mine, but proved duffers. A report Is in circulatilon tthat another nugget, weighing 100 oc,; had been picked up. Our correspondent had not seen it but he believes It is a fact. - OnrricAL? PaolbMptrDn.-It little more tien a fortnight ago that eppllcation was made by letter to thb hon, the minister for works, to cause the road long the Yas lriver, In .the direction of Oundaroon, o) be put In repair, as In many places It was un. travellae. We are happy to learn that Mr. Dyrnee bua Instructed Mr. MIldrum, superintendent of roado tot the southern dlstrict,'to Inspect thestate of the roid raferred to, end to report on the necessary reairs.--Yass Courier. - ... - ' L ,4An Acclour.-On Saturday last an accldent occurred tone young man named Duffy, who resides t1 the Sprlngs, an few miles from Yass., lie was tumping trees, when missing na blow the axe enttred his foot, cutting, away the first toe near the lowest joint, and making wounda on the great and thlrd to. Dr. Campbell attended the sufferer, who. Is progressing as well as poelble.-Yasa Courier.:- - ,, WVLrucL DserTVcTao?e.-NOet: tof the crime of arlilege there Is nothing more offensive to the mind than the destruction of those mementoes that grlorv n parents or other relatives'with lingering hearti oe round the grave of thedepartod., . he or aHary instincts of humanity should everrr guard those affectionate recollections against the ruttlesa destroyer. Dut such inilacts havs exceptlons in Yess ; Thegrave of.one young creature In the chuch.yud of Bt.,Clement' hbau boon throo time robbed of the flowers of memeory; nd those little shrubs that had adorned her resting.place have been stolen by hands that knew no heart. This is not a solitary Instance of such desecration. Other graves have linen equally robbed, and it is time that the law should 1; put in force for the punishment of the invaders of our last home. There was an act passed on the 24th August, 18t7, In which, amongst other matters, it I. provided : "That if any person or per aons shall wantonly or wilfully do, or cause to be done, any damage.to any monument, vault, tomb stone, building, erection, railing, shrubbery, tree, or plant in the said cemetery (necropolis, Sydney), he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and being con. rioted thereof before any two or more justices of the peace, &o;,, who are hereby authorlaod to hear and determine, &o.;, &oe.;, shall be liable for every such offence to a penalty not exceeding £20, or to be tom. mitted by such justices at their discretion to any gaol, &e.;, there to remain for a reasonable time not exceedIng three months; and any person. who shall do, &o.;, any Injury to any such monument, &o.;, whether the same shall have been done wilfully or otherwise howsoever, ohall be liable to pay a reason able sum of money by way of damages and compen sation therefor, which said sum shall be recoverable In the Supreme Court of the colony, ko., either at the salt of the trustees, or by the persons, &u.;, en titled to any vault, &o.;" This act bas been extended to all cemeteries throughout the colony, and there fore the thievish fingers that haves lately been so busy at work should be taught that there Ia command ment swifter In Its punishment than the divine one which ran overtake them.-Yaus Courier. TnnL I'sVuvoo.CovuTr.-The yacht llamlet's Ghost, Captain Yorke, left Cleveland Bay on the 4th in stant, bound northerly. The liribane correspon dent of the Queensland Times observes:-A story, which I believe Is quite true, is told of the counter felt Count Von Attoms, which goes a little way In Itself to show he was an impostor. The count honoured a ball given here,during his visit with his presence, and lamented, with a most lugubrious countenance, to a lady that he was put about for a lack of funds-not, however, that he wanted the lady to lend him any, but by way of braggadocio.' " My dear madam, I can assure you sat I have only got six zousand pounds to last me for eon fortnight,' and I reel quite miserahle." lie paid the owner of. hamlet's Ghost for the yacht, but, I am afraid, got' the money on the strength of certain papers, from another Iirisbane gentleman. The count was very profuse with his (P) money both here and on the way from Sydney, and ebouted champagne In the most extravagant manner. fse took away with him, as captain of his yacht, Mr, Ilamlyn, late of the O 8.N. Co.'s service, but they fell out at Rockhamp. tin, and separated. A young gentlemen threw up his situation In the custom.house, Maryborough, to go with the count; but he also left the yacht at Rlockhampton, and Is either back, or on his way back. There is very little doubt that we shall hear of the Ghost before she gets to llatavisj supposing that to be her destination; for she Is a:gimerack craft, and it is unlikely the new owner would care to go far from land in her, IIontttnLE SACRIICte 1. A IfAORI.-Tho' follow. log statement confirmatory of the horrible practice which was carried out on one of their own number by the Maories on their late voyage from the Chat ham Islands to Poverty Iaey by throwing him over hoard to appease the god of the winds, has been furnished to the',Vest Coast Times by a gentleman to whom It was related by an eye.witness nearly, thirty years ago :-" liauperha, the fighting chief to To Pahl, having avenged his master's murder at olds Keoipol Ps, about fliteen miles from Christchurch, was crossing Cook's Straits from Taupe I'a, in Porri.'i rura llarbour, to To Arloiti, Queen Charlotte's Sound, in a large war canoe; a heavy gale of wind came on, and so terrified ItRuperha that he vowed. to the god of the winds that if he safely landed he1 would sacrifice two children who were with him In the canoe. They reached the land in safety, and no' sooner did the canoe touch the chore than RIanperha' tumped Into the water, and seizing one of the children y the legs, whirled It round his head, and having' mashed its brains out against the canoe, he threw' the body into the sea. , The barbarian then served. the other child In a similar manner, and thus fulfilled his horrible vow." i IMPOUNDoD AT 'BItNLONO,0n 17thrAUgust, fro0m Curlong, by order of J. PattersonaEsq.; s um due at date of notice (August 20th), 7s. each:-Iron.grey i filly, star and snip, a little: white on fore feet and near hind foot 0 over G10 near shoulder, 3 years old, 14 hands high; brown mare, a few grey hairs In forehead, O over 10 off shoulder, 4 years old,, 14t hands high , mouse.ooloured mare, hind feet1 white, fIf conjoined near shoulder about B 'years t old, 141 hands high mouse-coloured yearling filly, nnbranded; dark bay colt,-. star, near hind foot white,' I'Q overN near shoulder; 3 years old, it4' hands high; brown entire.or rig, hald face, near fore foot and both hind feet white, DO or DO near' shoulder, 2 years old. To be sold 10th September. IM rosnon rAT iBono, On 18th August, from, Long : Swamp, by 0. Day; sum due at date of notice set i after each animall- Bay horse, star and small stripe .' shoes on, broken In, and collar.marked, branded like CR or Olt near shoulder-10s. OJ, t black mare, t star In forehead, pulled' tail, branded like Al nearL, shoulder, like IICO off shoulder--0.- Also, on 18th, from Manrar Estate, by Ilogh Gordon Eq. t- Bay mare, small snip, broken Into, branded like JIt conjoined over JM conjoined near shoulder--10. Od. ; ,: brown horse, branded like ST near shoulder-8s. 6d. \- Alho, on 21st, from Mlanar estate, by Ilugh Gordon E.q,--Black horse, blaze down face, hlnd t feet white, broken In, branded like ate or .F near shoulder, anchor off shoulder-7s. bd.; bay horse,-, star In forehead, broken In. end collar-marked, branded like AW near shoulder like A off shoulder " -6b. Od.; bay mare, broken In, branded like J side- : ways over L near shoulder-6s. Od.? bay horse ,' blae down face, hind feet white broken In, branded a 8S off shoulder-Os. ,1.; black mare, blaze down + face, hind feet white, broken In; branded JD over 2 i near shoulder--6. bd.; black mere, blaze down face, I near hind and near fore feet white, broken in, no:i brand visible--5?. 60 To be sold 10th Septomber. hl IMProUNDEn AT UAnIt.N0a, on 17th:Auguat, from') Irish Jack's Sheep.station, by order of J. OC. Wel-'j ian, Esq.; sum due at date :of notice, e?ntire, i £5 14. 861. the others. 12e. eacht-Brown' and.' white piebald entire, 'II writing capital - near hboulder; creamy colt, same brand; ohbsnut foal, same brand; bay colt, same brand; bay msre, same ' brand;. grey .lly' same brand; hay' Colt, aameo brand i;yellow bay colt, same brand ; Iron.grey colt, same brand; bleck foal, same brand I bay filly' foal, mame brand;, chesnut mare, same brand, 6 off shoulder; bay. foal, no visible brand; black horse, JD near shoulder and neck; four white feet, off fore i leg fractured; brown mars, 00 over 2 near shoulder ', scar on off hind leg; black hone, like 0 over WK'r near shoulder, near hip down I bay horse, like JMll'n conjoined aced. diamond' with W1I sideways over-. near shouldey,'WMf [ off shonlder.; bay horse,' ORG over II near houlder, WI' off shoulder,-Also, on'l 20th, from Dpugls Bhetp.atationuj by order of'J. O i \'elman; Evq.; ' sum due at date, of' notice,: 10s.' ech entire,. £5 10a. t-Blactimare; like F~ OverL, Cit over Ill sideways near shoulder, like Ol dr CD ,0 of. shoulder, hind feet'white,' small star, broken ' .r bay filly, like I0 or Ti over A In circle with indee.'t cribable brand under near srhoulder, 8' white feet i brown' mare, cross over'heart near shoulder; ehee ]i nut'horse; liko!' 'over IK or JK' near shoulder ij' ohesnut entire,llik 'JI conjoinead near ahoulder, i bald fuos, near hinld leg fractured. .To be sold '10th ' iluroonn :AT INoa?To WAaoOA WAV0Aioo n the !: 7th August, from Bucks, by order of'Wm; Boinlair,. Ecq. sam due at date of notice set after each" animallt-Flea.bitten grey mare, Jt' over' No. '~6 near shoulder, aged-7s.i brown'fllly~ foal t foot, came brands-ls.; dark bay colt, J.1 over No: 7 'i etar shoulder-Is. dark brown mare, JEt over No. I pear houlder-ls.;.brown foal at foot, unbranded '1 -1. I cheanut entire, JM over:No.'7 near shoulder ·t £1. Is,'I dark brown: mare, 'R Inear shonlderd, .i brokesn-s. bay mare, llegible brandover, diamond ? oia obelder, blind near epe-etr. t ches?ant mare IU nar ho suldr, star and snip, broken in-Cr;g brown'" mare, SV near shoulder-o .; brown oeal. at toot "t 'smeabrmands-I. brown fally, 8W offnhoulde ? L stlpe In; fce, 3 white feet, 3 yearsoldit t; pl OJi' bald filly, SW near shoulder, unroeken,' years old0 -Is. I'o be sold 10th tcptember. 0 I-uoroun A' T, er, n 17th Anig2at fro n G?lmore, by Crorge DIunn s- ay horse, small star, . seddle-mar ed, switch tall, like lIl' (Ilk oonolnjdoed near shoulder-sum due at date of notic , 2l. aCi I ? black horse, two hind feet white, witch tail, TO ': sideways near choulder, broken, To:be sold 10th ' soptember., ' t ' ·i''i . '1 Aft'uet,;nromATlon Ganr ipaddook,' by Mr.111 ItArtley I sum den at date of notice; In. OJC each - Iron-grey horse, like Oaor 0 near shoulder, d oeer 'I 12 under saddle near side, broken, '8 'eare old, 18' ' hands high ; black mare, WU near shoulder, pulled tall, d years old, 14 hands. , To be sold 10th Sep ' \+ ,+ '+ . + ? . '* 'L ? * d L ? + 