TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1868. Up to the present time Sir HENRY MANNERS SUTTON has had some claim to public sympathy. His errors have been indeed lamentable, but his position has been throughout difficult, and recout events have increased that difficulty to an alarming degree; but we were not prepared to find him officially attempt- ing to transfer the blame which is his own to the institutions which he is charged to administer. We do not think that the GOVERNOR is entitled to report our Constitution unworkable, and to re- quire its amendment, for no better rea- son than that he has failed to administer it with even ordinary skill. It is not the really skilful workman who cries out over the badness of his tools ; and it is hardly probable that the institutions which worked so smoothly and well for ten years can have become all at once incapable of political motion. Before our Constitution is pronounced unwork- able, it may be well to inquire whether it has been properly worked. The re- sult of such an inquiry may possibly lead to a different remedy from that which Sir HENRY MANNERS SUTTON has suggested. If we are driven to elect between the GOVERNOR and the Con- stitution, we do not think that there can be much hesitation in the choice. That part of our Constitution which relates to the present dispute is very simple. It represents accurately the provisions of the English Constitution on the same point. There is no further difference between them than such as is inseparable from the reduction of a series of usages into written and formal law. All financial measures, that is to say, all projects for expenditure, and all methods of raising revenue, must be pro- posed by the CroAvn. Without this pre- liminary recommendation the Parliament cannot deal with the public revenue. When the recommendation has been made, the Assembly initiates a bill, and the Council cither accepts that bill Avith out alteration, or rejects it. There is nothing mysterious in this process. It has been in operation in England for many years. It has, until very lately, been practised without objection among ourselves. It is the method in accord- ance with Avhich financial business is now conducted in all British colonies , which possess representative institutions. What, then, are the causes of its failure amongst us 1 The Assembly is under this system subject to two checks in financial legis- lation. The first is the preliminary recommendation of the CroAVii ; the second is the subsequent concurrence of the Council. Against both of these checks the Assembly is now struggling. It began by endeavouring to coerce the Council. It is now engaged, or rather is assumed to be likely to engage, in a straggle with the CroAvn. In the earlier pait of the contest the constitutional course was plain. If the existing Ministry could not carry an Appropria- tion Bill they should have resigned, and a neAV Ministry should have been formed for the express purpose of procuring the needful supplies. If the Assembly refused these supplies to the neAV Ministry, a dissolution would have been the proper remedy. After the dissolution, if neither House was disposed to give Avay, the dispute should havo been settled by a compromise. Such is the course which the Constitu- tion provides for serious differences be tAveen the two Houses. But such, un- fortunately, AA'as not the course Avhich the GOVERNOR adopted. His first error (assuming that he Avas right in simply sending the Darling vote to the Assem- bly, Avithout any precaution as to its in- clusion in the Appropriation Bill) was that he did not wait for the resignation of his Ministers, but called upon them to resign. If ho had Avaitcd for the announcement of Mr. M'CULLOCH'S policy, after the loss of the Appropria- tion Bill, and then refused to al IOAV the prerogative to be used as an instrument for coercing the Council, his position would have been dif- ferent. . But he shrunk from the responsibility of dismissing by his oAvn spontaneous act a Ministry Avhich had a large majority in the Assembly, and he Avent through the farce of con- sulting with Mr. FELLOWS and with Mr. FRASER without permitting them to form a Ministry. He thus failed to use the proper constitutional remedy, and to lise it at the time when its application might have beeil successful. Like all other disputes, our present controversy might have been readily settled in its earlier stages ; but when men's passions have been excited by conflict, the diffi- culty of adjustment becomes almost in- superable. The old maxim, that pre- vention is better than cure, is especially true in politics. The second error that the GOVERNOR committed was in hastily returning to Mr. McCULLOCH, and allowing him to use the prerogative with the avowed object of coercing the Council by a prorogation and immediate re- assembling of Parliament, for the pur- pose of again sending up the bill in the same worcls and the same letters. That this was a serious error, the Duke of BUCKINGHAM'S despatch sufficiently shows. The third error of the GOVERNOR was his granting a dissolution to Mr. McCULLOCH at a time when no dis- agreement existed between the Crown and the Assembly, and on an issue upon which, as it now appears, the con- stituencies were incapable constitution- ally of pronouncing an opinion. The result of these errors is, that when his real neutrality is enforced by his instructions, he is abandoned by the Ministerial party, whom he had led to rely on his support; that the change of Ministry which he is now anxious to make comes too late ; and that the remedy of a dis- solution, which might have served to correct any difficulty with the Assembly, has been improvidently and fruitlessly wasted. The GOVERNOR does not now even venture to meet the new Parlia- ment which he has convened, to state to it his difficulties, and to ask it for the necessary supplies. With all the obsti- nacy of weakness, he persists in rejecting the only advice that will afford even a chance of escape from his present position, and in impotent despair declares that the administration of the financial law of England is an impossibility. But impossibility is a relative term, and what is impossible to Sir HENRY MANNERS SUTTON has been possible, and will be again possible, to Governors of a different calibre. We are not disposed to acquiesce in the reduction of our institutions to the level of the administrative capacity of our present GOVERNOR. His blunders have caused a paralysis of the Constitution ; and he now desires to conceal those blunders by destroying it outright. It might perhaps be better, before we deli- berately kill the patient, to try a change of the physician. It would have been better for Sir HENRY MANNERS SUTTON himself, and for us, if he had never ex- tended his trained statesmanship beyond his men and brethren of Trinidad. With flour at £21 10s. per ton, and bread selling for 10d. the four-pound loaf, it is no wonder that Mr. ARCHER'S account of the yield of the last harvest should attract the attention even of those who entertain a rooted aversion to statistics. Mr. GRANT'S Land Act AVBS to make us independent of foreigners for our supplies of food, now, hence- forth, and for ever. And, indeed, if Ave can only believe Mr. BYRON MOORE and Iris report, Mr. GRANT has actually suc- ceeded in reducing the price of bread from " 9d. to Is." in the first quarter of 18G5, to " 5d. to 9d," in the same quarter of the present year. Mr. BYRON MOORE does not tell the Commissioner of Lands, and of course, that gentleman Avould never discover it Avithout being told, that the harvests of the tAVo years immediately preceding 18G5 Avere the worst that have ever been garnered in the colony-that, in fact, the yield of wheat in 1863 and 1864 was not so large by 400,000 bushels as that of 1861 alone. In the latter year the yield was 3,607,000 bushels, while that of the two former years was only 3,200,000 bushels. Nor does Mr. MOORE say that the harvest of 1866 was the best in the history of the colony. But it is not with the report on the working of the Land Act that we havo just now to do. The food question is one of at least as great importance as the glorification of Mr, GRANT, or even the existence of the M'Culloch Ministry; and Mr. ARCHER shows us pretty clearly that .we have not raised enough bread stuffs by some 1,500,000 bushels to supply our wants until the next harvest. How this conclusion is arrived at may be easily stated. According to the ordinary calculation, and assuming the population to consist of about 650,000 souls, 5,000,000 bushels of wheat, at least, are required to find everybody in bread. Last year, thanks to the good Providence which gave ua such a bountiful harvest:-if it be not treason to Mr. GRANT and his Land Act to say so-4,640,000 bushels -were gi own in the colony. A very small im- "J portation sufficed during that year to supply the deficiency, especially as there was a large stock of flour and wheat on hand at the beginning of the period. But we seem to bo coming again on a cycle of bad harvests ; for the recent yield of wheat was less by 1,150,000 bushels than that of the year before, and less by 1,500,000 bushels than our annual consumption. We have, therefore, either to import this million and a half, or to be content with little more than two-thirds of our usual quantity of bread. And here another proof of the in- debtedness of the country to the MfCul loch Ministry appears. Bread we must have. Our own harvest is defi- cient : we must make up the deficiency by supplies from abroad. But Mr. M'CULLOCH and his friends have im- posed a tax, the object of which is twofold-to prevent supplies coming from abroad, and to raise their price if they should come. And now, for the first time, this tax comes into play. On every ton of flour imported, one pound has to be paid at the Custom-house; and on every hundredweight of grain, nine pence. Thus on the 1,500,000 bushels which must be obtained from without the colony-unless we go short of bread-£30,000 of duty has to be paid. If the evil began and ended there it would be comparatively small. Al- though everyone must perceive that when a people are subjected to the direct loss of a bad harvest they feel every slight increase of taxation more acutely, ¡yet £30,000 distributed over the bread eaters of Victoria would »ot, even, under, such circumstances, be a very grievous burden. But the evil does not end with the payment of this £30,000 ; it only begins there. It has been pointed out by every writer on political economy that taxes of this kind raise the price not only of the corn imported but of all that is raised within the country. " Such taxes," says Mr. J. S. MILL, " bring less into the public tieasury, " compared with what they take from " the consumers, than any other " imposts to which civilised nations are " usually subject. If the wheat pro " cluced in a country is twenty millions " of quarters, and the consumption " twenty-one millions, a million being " annually imported, and if on this " million a duty is laid which raises I " the price ten Shillings per quarter, " the price which is raised is not " that of the million only, bul of the " whole twenty-one niillions. Taking " the most favourable, but exremely " improbable supposition, that the "importation is not at all checked, nor " the home production enlarged, the " state gains a revenue of only half a " million, while the consumers are taxed " ten millions and a half, the ten inil " lions being a contribution to the home " growers, who are forced by competi " tion to resign it all to the landlords. " The' consumer thus pays to the owner " of land an additional tax, equal " to twenty times that which ho pays I " to the state." And this is exactly our position in the second year of Mr. M'CULLOCH'S corn laws. We are com- pelled, in spite of Mr. GRANT and his pleasant but delusive report writers, to get 1,500,000 bushels of corn from abroad. On this a duty of 9d. per cwt. is levied. But the effect of this duty is to raise the price of the 3,500,000 bushels grown in the colony to the same extent. The community thus pays £100,000 in taxes on bread, less than one-third of which is actually received by the Government. But this is not all. Duties are not paid in cash by importers for nothing. They demand, and, as a rule, obtain a profit on the duty as well as on the cost of the merchandise. That this profit on , the duty will amount to twenty-five per cent, between the importer, miller, and baker, is manifestly a very moderate amount at which to put it. Thus the imported portion of our supplies of bread will cost the consumer not £30,000, the actual amount of duty paid, but £37,500, being the duty and the profit on it as well, and in the same proportion will the price of home-grown wheat be raised. The 3,500,000 bushels will be dearer by 9d. per cwt., with twenty-five per cent, added, than if the duty had not been imposed ; and thus, during the current year, the people will pay a tax on their bread of fully £125,000, only £30,000 of I which will reach the Treasury. This is the latest and most striking proof of the beneficent sway of the M'Culloch Ministry. To have raised the price of bread will, we suppose, be con- sidered a great virtue by all good pro- tectionists, and we may expect to hear of votes of thanks being passed to Mr. M'CULLOCH for the comforting and satis- factory fact, that the prico of the four pound loaf is 10d., and of flour £21 10s. per ton. Both Houses of Parliament meet to-day at , I four o'clock, but ive understand that another adjournment will be asked for. His' Excel- lency has not provided himself with new advisers, nor has ho acceded to the proposi- tions of the M'Culloch Administration. I The Kaikoura, with tile English mail of I the 2nd of Maich, via Panania, arrived at i Sidney yesterday afternoon unexpectedly, and some three days before her contract time. There waa nothing of novelty or in- terest in tho news, as telegraphed to us by our correspondent, and therefore no second edition of ï'/te Argus was published. The Kaikoura had a very rapid run across the Pacific. In another column will he found, in a trans- lation and abridgment from the Port Louis (Mauritius) Cerneen of a late date in March, "an account of a tremendously severe burri- * cane experienced in that island, and to a lesser degree in Bourbon. It will bo been that a great variety of vessels havo been wrecked or damaged, and that the mail steamer for Gall» was delayed for nearly a week, a fact which accounts for our non-receipt of our corre- spondent's letter by the last mail. It will ho T-iioticcd flint Sir ITcnry and Lady Barkly ? had a narrow escape nora accident, if not .deatli. We observe that mail communication hav ing been established between Melbourne and Booligal and Wilcannia (Mount Murchison, N.S.W.), letters for these places should be .marked "via Deniliquin," by which route they will arrive at their destination much .more quickly than by way of Swan-hill . and Wentworth. The following are the days upon which letters should be posted:-For Booligal, Tuesday and Saturday, at 6.15 a.m. ; .for Wilcannia (Mount Murchison), Saturday, :at,6.10 a.m. Return mails will be due in Melbourne-from Booligal on Saturday and Tuesday, from Wilcannia (Mount Murchison), . on Tuesday, at 11.25 p.m. " A Warwickshire Man," who says (natu- rally enough) that ho is also an admirer of Sbakspeare, asks Avhen the bronze statute ?of Sbakspeare is to be erected in front of .the Public Library ? Ho rominds us that four .years ngo the foundation-stone Avas laid of -.such a monument on the tercentenary of the birth of Sbakspeare. Tho statue then erected -was of plaster, Avhich Avas to be replaced on an early date by one of bronze, but that date .has not yet been arrivcrLat. . It is the practice iii 'some lines of shipi to imark the names of vessels not only on the -stern, head-boards, tops, and buckets, but on the spars, oars, boats, &c;, A correspondent, "wiilingAvith referenco to the report that por- tions of Avreck had been seen on the Auck- land Islands, and not recognised, puts for . ward a suggestion that the name of the vessel . should he branded on lier lower-masts, top ? masts, yards, &c.; Such a practice Avould, of . course, lead to the identification of Avrecks . on many occasions. A lady correspondent writes:- "Having noticed some remarks in The Argus one day last week about specimens of Brown's River potatoes, five of which weighcd 7lb., I for- ward you a specimen of some grown on the I. Y. U. Station. They are five in number, and weigh 8lb. - two alone weighing over 4lb. Eleven others were found under one stalk, where a tree had been grubbed. I may remark that they were grown in new ground, .and the seed came from Dr. Martin's, at Heidelberg, two years ago." There AVOS a very slack attendance last evening at the Albion Turf Subscription Room, and it Avas difficult to get a quota itiou about the Sydney Gold Cup, although i the event is noiv so near at hand.- It seemed, however, that 3 to 1 was offered on -the field, and Tim Whifller was the most in favour at that price; Glencoe appeared also 4o be getting Avarm at about 4 to 1. Firc .Tvorks Avas mentioned at about G to 1, and the Baib had scarcely a price, although no long odds Avere offered. Almost all tho Victorian book-makers are absent in Sydney. There were thirty-eight petitions filed yes- terday by civil servants v. the Queen ; also, the following by suppliants outside the ser- vice, on their contracts :—G, T. Jones, £186 16s. 9d. ; J. H. Gearing £48 19s. 9d. ; W. Gray, £11 3s. 6d. ; William Campbell, £161 11s. 8d. ; Drysdale and Fraser, £105 16s. Judgment was signed in the following suits against the Government:—H. T. Gullifur, £117 4s., and £6 1s. 3d. costs ; W. Dealcin, £187 18s. 6d., and £6 6s. 4d. costs ; W. G. Grove, jun., and another, £12, and £6 1s. 3d. costs; and T. B. Hunt, £1,011 3s. 4d., and 1s. costs. In chambers yesterday, before Mr. Justice Williams, in the case of Harold Selwyn Smith v. Hunter, an application was made on a return to a writ of habeas corpus for the dis- charge of Hunter, then a prisoner. Dr. Mackay, instructed by Mr. Allingham, ap- peared for the prisoner. Mr. Lestrange, from the Crown solicitor's office, appeared for the Crown ; and an affidavit was produced that the prosecutor's solicitor had been served with the writ. The magistrates, it appeared, had by warrant committed Hunter to prison for a period of five weeks in default of pay- ment of a penalty of 5s., and had awarded a sum of £7 costs to the prosecutor. Dr. Mackay took two objections to the return to the writ—first, that the warrant did not set out or recite any conviction, only an adjudication as in the case of an order for payment of money ; second, that the period of imprisonment was excessive, the Police Offences Statute only allowing one month's imprisonment where the fine was under £5. His Honour held both objections good, and ordered the prisoner to be dis- charged. In the Equity Court yesterday Mr. Justice Molesworth gave a decision in the case of Learmonth and others v. Morris and others. The defendants were Owners of the Mount Egerton Steam Puddling Company's claim. The plaintiffs, the Messrs. Learmonth, held an adjoining claim under lease from the Crown. In September last the defendants, who had not been very successful in their operations, entered into an agreement to sell their claim and plant to the plaintiffs for £400. Scarcely was the contract signed, however, before they regretted it, and tried to retreat from their bargain, alleging that they had been deceived by the plaintiffs' manager as to the nature and extent of the plaintiffs workings. Tho plaintiffs thereupon filed a bill to compel them to carry out the con tract. His Honour held that there had been no misrepresentation on plaintiffs' part such as should annul the agreement, and therefore directed the defendants to carry it out ; but as Messrs. Learmonth's manager had made some untrue assertions to the defendants, he refused plaintiffs their costs. In Seal v. the Webster-street Freehold Company, an applica- tion for an attachment against certain direc- tors and servants of the company for breach of an injunction in causing sludge to flow on plaintiff's land was refused. ¶ A warrant has been issued for the appre- diension of a person named Compton, a clerk in an insurance office in this city, who is accused of extensive embezzlements. For obvious reasons the particulars of the matter are kept as secret as possible. ¶ The Government are, in their present state of impecuniosity, fonvarding to the variou .shire councils vouchers for signature, fo grants in aid, amounting to about 10s. 3d. ii the pound. It is presumed that the addi tional 3s. 9d. will not bo forthcoming till th Estimates are passed. The Avcekly meeting of the City Council bold yesterday, lasted more than three weari some hours, no important question being th ?Avhilo under discussion. The chief matter c debate AA'as Avhether the right of Aldermai Hughes to retain his scat after assigning hi ?partnership estate should be referred to th Legislative Committee ; and the question wa .eventually decided in the affirmative. Th ?iona in Avhich the council should approacl ?the Lands department on the vexed point c the recent sale of Batman's Swamp lands AVO also discussed at extreme length, and at las the council agreed to ask to bo alloivcd to n purchaso the property if they chose, upon paj ing an ¿addition to tho original cost of ne 'moro'tr&n; ten per cent, per annum. Th rates $¡f*the yearAvere also fixed, tho cit ^cite at Is. in the £1, and the lighting rate c .^Td. in the £1. The other matters dealt wit ihad little more than routine importance. A strange picture of domestic life was n vcaled by a case which came before the Cit 'Court yesterday, in the shape of an applict tion made by William Henry KaAvling, pul lican, of Elizabeth-street, to set aside a pr< lection order granted hythe bench in Deccn iber lost to his Avifo, The eA'idenco showe that the parties Avere married in 1852 at Sa ¡Francisco, tut in 180(5, they then living t -Launceston, Tasmania, matters became £ ?unhappy that they agreed to separate. TI husband attributed this state of thin¡ ¡partly to tho fact that a man name Barrett paid his wife moro attentioi than politeness absolutely demanded, an partly, "perhaps, lo some irregularities on his own part." He agreed to receive a sum of £100 from his wife, as a balm for his out- raged feelings, and retired, leaving her in possession. They again met, in'the follow- , ing year, and were "reconciled," and the in- jured husband resumed owne'rship of the pro- perty of his wife. Subsequently, however, their domestic bliss was again disturbed by Mr. Barrett; who proceeded so far as to make ! a declaration of love to tho wife, in the pre- sence of the husband. This, by many, would , havo been, considered rather cool, but tho husband, regarding it in a différent light, spoke of it as "rather too wann." Mr. Barrett went on to offer terms to Mr. Baw- ling to retiro, in consideration of a sum in cash. The high-souled husband agreed to soil his " property " to Barrett for £400. He would not admit that it was actually stipu- lated that the wife was included in the pur- chase, but the fact virtually was so, as he shortly after quitted Launceston, leaving his wife and Barrett living together. A letter, written from Barrett to Mrs. Rawlins, showed that he hoped that they would be able, now their wishes had been so far realised, to live "as happy as the dajs arc long." The husband carno to Melbourne with the price of his wife in his pocket, and set up hotelkceping. The accommodating disposi- tion displayed by him in the matter is to be explained hy the fact that while Mrs. Bawling entertained a platonic attach- ment for Mr. Barrett, the husband sought to lill the void in his heart by cultivating the affection of another woman, with whom he had lived in the capacity of husband for years, "off and on." His wife came over to Mel- bourne a few months ago, and tried to take lodgings at his house, hut he ordered her off, and threatened to call a constable. She then obtained a protection order, and entered into business, and it was this order that her hus- band yesterday applied to tho Court to set aside, pleading that there had been no deser- tion on his part, as the separation had been by mutual contract. The Bench declined to annul the order it had made, and dismissed the case, with costs. Yesterday, in the Insolvent Court, a meet-" ing in re Benjamin Lcete, of Kyneton, miner, was called, for the imrposo of considering an offer of composition-ono farthing in tho pound ; but, strange to say, from some cause or causes, the creditors were not tempted to the presence of the chief commissioner to avail themselves of the profitable offer ; and, moreover, from some motives of modesty, combined with his foregone liberality, the insolvent did not appear, consequently nothing was done. In re Martin Marshall, late of Alexandra and Faithful's Creek, store- keeper and farmer, a witness, Thomas Hoskin, was examined, and gave his evidence in so unsatisfactory a manner that tho chief commissioner committed him to gaol for prevarication. The Ballarat Star concludes an excellent article on the crisis, with the following appo- site remalles :-"Men of all sorts of opinions on the Darling grant must have learnt by this time that there are higher questions than party ones, and that the carrying on of the public business must be made possible. There aie a few Iiishmen, possibly also a few Englishmen and Scotchmen, who desire a revolution and a separation from Great Britain, but is this to be a reason why the people of Victoria should be driven into re- bellion under false pretences ? This is really the question now. Wo unhesitatingly aver that this, judging from their acts, is practi I cully the aim of the M'Culloch Government and the writers of Now York screamers. The Government and the Ministerial stumpers are urging the people to revolu- tion, and upon false pretences. Averring that the Legislative Council is aiming to con- trol the finances illegally, tho Government has violated the law and spirit of the law, and is fast precipitating a revolution as a sequence to a long and wearisome series of sufferings, borne with unexampled patience by ' all sorts and conditions of people.' This bus been iniiicted upon the colony to serve the interests of a party in office, and the in lliction has been made possible, because the majority of the people havo been misled by a false cry. To give force to the cry tho different conditions of the British House of Commons in past times, fighting against kings and aristo- cracies, have been quoted by way of a seduc tivononsequitur. As authorities on mere forms of procedure, such citations may have their value j but here we have democracy in all its potency and freedom, and it is only our own folly that can make that freedom less. That the crisis now pending endangers, for it dis- closes the existence of a spirit inimical to all right government, a spirit of reckless strug- gling for present victory of party rather than of sober respect for law and all its inestimable guarantees of liberty for all. If the people of Victoria will be free they must put clown the excesses of faction, and teach unscrupulous stumpers better manners. If they will have revolution, and rebellion, and a perfect pan- demonium of unprincipled Spargoism and New York screaming, then they may consistently and foolishly advocate 'no compromiso.' This is the lawless crj- of the M'Culloch Go- vernment, and all tho supporters of the dead- lock confusion, and while that cry is kept up the Legislative Council is compelled to be a party to withholding tho £20,000 from Lady Darling ; but if the tack were untacked, ' the will of the people must rule,' and the Legis- lative Council must eventually pass tho vote if the majority of the people adhere to the policy of the vote. The issue then remains, causeless and wicked rebellion and a policy of misrule, or a separation of the Darling grant from the Appropriation Bill-a separa- tion that, if the majority adheres to its pre- sent purpose as to tho gift, must compel tho Legislative Council to voto the money. "Without the separation the council is bound by its oaths of office to maintain its rights and resist the vote." The Geelong police yesterday arrested Albert Charles Bailey, an auctioneer, of Wan- garatta, for whoso apprehension a warrant was lately issued by the local bench, on the charge of larceny. The sittings of tho Geelong Circuit Court were held yesterday, before his Honour Chief Justice Stawell. The Court sat till half-past seven o'clock, when the whole of the case3 were disposed of. At the monthly meeting of the Shire Coun- cil of Barrabool, held yesterday, notice of motion was given, that steps be taken to have the main road proclaimed a common toll-road to the western boundary of the shire of Barrabool, the object being that the amount received at the Barwon-bridgc should bo distributed in keeping the road to that ex- tent in repair, instead of its being as hitherto appropriated hy the South Barwon Council, and expended within their borough. "Wo heard a rather amusing story the other day," says the Ovens Advertiser, "re- lating to tho dead-lock as exemplified in Beechworth. A civil servant was walking down lord-street, when a tradesman ran out of his shop, and asked him whether he could conveniently settle his small account. Ho replied, ' Why, you havo never sent mo in the bill.' 'I'll do so immediately, Sir,' tho tradesman cried. 'Ah! do,' returned the civil servant, 'and I'll filo it with the rest.'" " A brutal assault was perpetrated on Sunday night," says tho Bendigo Evening Neics, " on Constable Keating. It appears that the constahlo received information from a man, ¡whoso name wo have not ascertained, that ho was robbed of some £30 in a brothel in Bcrnal-streef; occupied by the renowned Mother Downey, and accompanied the man to tho house. The constable was refused admittance, and con- sequently burst open the door, when, he was suddenly struck in the face with a bottle by an Italian of the name of Diero, the stroke being so violont that a part of the jaw was broken and four teeth knocked out. The constable was at once conveyed to the , hospital, where he lies in a very precarious state." , " A strange fish was caught on Thursday by Mr. Berthon, in the River Barwon, at Inverleigh," says the Geelong Advertiser. 1 "The gentleman alluded to was fishing for blackfish, when he hooked, as he thought, a , finny monster. After a long fight, ho landed a platypus." A singular accident is reported by the Ballarat Star, which says :-" A man named Michael Crow, forty-five years of age, sus- tained an accident on Saturday night last, near the Rocky Castle Hotel, south Mel bourne-road, which it is apprehended will terminate fatally, no was seated in a dray in company with his brother, and the night being extremely dark tho horse diverged somewhat from the middle of the road, and the dray upset. One of the wheels passed over Crow's neck, fracturing the upper part of the vertebne, and thereby paralysing his entire frame. He is in a very precarious condition." An amusing rather than a serious series of accidents is reported by the Gipps Land Times of the 25th inst. in the following terms :-" A buggy accident, or rather a series of buggy accidents, happened on Thursday evening. Mr. Charles Henderson, of Loy Yang, and Mr. A. L. Pearson wero returning from Strat- ford in a buggy when they overtook Mesdames Peck and Busho driving towards Salo in a tilbury and buggy respectively. One of the springs of the latter vehicle had broken a short time previously, and Mr. Henderson, after having temporarily repaired the damage, vacated his own trop, and entered that of Mrs. Bushe with the intention of driving her home, Little more than half a milo of the distance bad been accomplished, however, when the remaining spring gave way, whereupon Mrs. Bushe took a seat in MTS. Peck's tilburj-, and drovo onward, whilst Mr. Henderson, alone, followed in their wake at a slow paco in the broken buggy. The ladies had not preceded him fat ere another calamity befell them, the horse having stumbled and fallen, pre- cipitating the occupants out of the buggy with much violence ; so great was the force of the concussion that Mrs. Bushe sustained several contusions, and was rendered un- conscious tfor a brief period, and Mrs. Peck suffered a dislocation of the wrist, together with sundry abrasions. Mr. Henderson shortly arrived upon tho scene of tho contre- temps, and, having placed the ladies in the tilbury, the party resumed .the journey homeward, and in due course arrived at Mrs. Bushe's residence. Mr. Henderson now procured another horse, for the pur- pose of driving Mrs. Peck home, which he did, and whilst returning to the stables of Messrs. Pearson, English, and Peck, to whom the horso and conveyance be- longed, the animal took fright opposite the Criterion Hotel at a number of dogs, and rushed madly down York-street, defying all efforts of Mr. Henderson to control him, and on reaching the intersection of Foster street, wheeled round so suddenly that the vehicle upset, and Mr. Henderson was precipitated out, and, although he alighted several feet from the conveyance, he suffered no injury other than a severe shaking. The boree now charged the shop of Mr. Target, diagging the capsized buggy after him, but the kerb-stone formed too effectual an impediment for this, and tho nag, after plunging and lashing out for some time, turned and dashed along the water channel, finally being brought to a standstill by the convej-ance coming in contact with the verandah post of Mr. Anderson's fruit shop. The buggy was much damaged, but the horse escaped uninjured." " On the arrival of the coach from Alex- andra on Thursday," says the Mansfield Colmer, " a mysterious-looking little parcel was handed to us by the driver. We opened it with eager curiosity, and read these words, written in a delicate Italian hand :-' This is the robber's mask found at the Pig and Whistle. See sticking-up case in the Courier.' The enclosure was-a very diminutivo baby's pinafore! Tho late bazaar is no doubt an- swerable for this exquisite joke." ' The Colac Observer notices the movements of a party of sportsmen in the following terms :-" A party of gentlemen, consisting of Mr. Manners Sutton, Colonel Rede, and others, formed a bivouac on the run of Mr. J. Robertson during four days of the past week, for the purpose of shooting, and were so suc- cessful as to bag the unprecedented number of 350 brace of snipe, besides an amount of other game of which wo have no account." "A circumstance, " says tho Geelong Register, " has recently occurred at Ondit, which has caused some excitement and more pity. A poor widow renting a piece of land, on which she hod erected a hut, was ejected summarily hy the landlord, her few things being placed on the road, and she left with four children thoroughly destitute. Tho picture of the poor widow and her four children sitting on one of the boxes in the public road weeping, is a sight thal should never be seen in tho country. It is no wonder that five pounds was quickly collected in Ondit to remove her more pressing necessities, and that a room was quickly placed at her disposal for the pre- sent, by one of the residents." " The township of Euston, on the Murray,'' says the Pastoral Times, " will soon be visited by one of our Chinese gardeners. Mr. Ah Kin telegraphed on Thursday to the station master there, and having discovered that the ground was unoccupied, the reply being that there was no garden of any kind at Euston, the Chinaman's mind was made up imme- diately, and he is off. The message and reply only took three" minutes, timed by John's walch. Every town in Riverina is being brought under John's operations in the gar- dening line, and he has long since reached Caipcntaria, where he is doing a good stroke in the vegetable line. In Deniliquin Chinese gardening is almost overdone, as wo have seveial companies, but John will push his way through the interior, and by his industry supply the defects of nature. Where there is water, soil, and manure, John will turn a wilderness into a vegetable garden." The Moama correspondent of tho Pastoral limes says :-" The Customs officer in charge has a good house, free. His salary is £400 per annum ; he has a junior officer at a salaiy of something like £200 per annum ; also, forage for one horso at something like £00 per annum. _ho most ludicrous thing is, this officer of Customs has no necessity foi a horse, having nothing to do ; and, as a matter of course, never uses ono, except he wishes to drive to Echuca (ono milo and a half), probably once a week. These ave Cuf-toms officers, fortunately, arc groal smokers-which whiles away tho time. There are something like COO cotes of gin in bond, which was placed last year in from Victoria, owing to the alterations made as charging foi a certain quantity. You'would bo doing II great good in exposing this misuse of the public money." "An accident consequent upon the careless use of fire arms has occurred in Gipps Land. The.îïmes says :-"A man named Keogh was shooting near what is known as Mont gomery's Island on AVednesday morning when his ramrod, a massive iron one, became fastened in the barrel of the gun inramminç home a charge. Fiuding all other attempt! to remove ,it ineffectual, Keogh incautiouslj resolved to blow it out, and on dischargin¡ the piece with that object, the barrel burs: about eighteen inches from the breach lacerating his left hand, which was held for ward to support the weapon, ina frightfu manner. A fragment of metal struck bin also on the tip of the ear, completely severin; a particle of Mesh. Keogh, after having Avashcd the wounds, walked into Sale, Avhere his injuries Avere attended to." A strange case of levanting has occurred at .Walter's rush, near Avoca. "It appears,1' ' says the Mail, "that Mr. Glover, the well known storekeeper of Cambrian Lead, near Landsborough, has been in the habit of sup- plying a storekeeper at Walter's rush Avith money for the purposo of buying gold for him. In accordance with that custom ho gave him the othor day the sum of £50, but on the following morning it AVOS found that the bird had flown. It is rumoured that im- mediately after receiving the money ho got ' on the spree,' and AVOS robbed, and not being able to endure the reproaches of his partner in business, fled from the place." A croAvded and brilliant audience assem- bled at the Theatre Boyal last night to wel- come back to the Melbourne stage Mr. Walter Montgomery, AYIIO made his reappearance as Hamlet, the part in Avhich ho first Avon favour here. That his impersonation of Shakspearo's great creation Avas productive of the highest enjoyment'to those who Avitnesscd it Avas mado manifest by the warmth of applause with which ho Avas greeted at the end of each act. Some important alterations in the cast of the tragedy had been rendered ne cessaiy sinco it Avas last played at this theatre, and these alterations can hardly bo pronounced improvements. Mr. Harwood's Polonais is a careful and meritorious per- formance, but it is nothing moro than a clever imitation of Mr. Lambert's inimitable impersonation. Of Miss Marion Dunn's Ophelia it Avould be unfair to say much, as Ave understand that this Avas her fiist appearance in any Shakspearian character. It may bo sufficient to hint that she has a very great deal to learn before she can hope to make a satisfactory figure in parts of this description. The Laertes of Mr. Munro was about as stiff and crude a peiformance us could well be imagined ; but he also is entitled to for- bearance, on account of{thc novelty of the position in Avhich he found himself. Mr. and Mrs. Vincent appeared as efficiently as ever in their old parts of the King and Queen ; and the grim humours of the graveyard scene Avere done fair justice to by Messrs. Stewart and Dunn. Mr. Gladstone enacted Horatio in hisusual painstaking manner, and Mr. Warde made a very respectable Ghost. Mr. Mont- gomery appears to-night as Benedick, in " Much Ado About Nothing." "Underthe Gaslight" was repeated at the Haymaiket Theatre last night before a large audience, the pit and gallery being crowded, and the great sensation scene Avas vocife- rously applauded. The Executive Committee of the Prince Alfred Hospital desire to leam from gentle- men Avho Avish to be upon the general com- mittee their desiie to be so named at the next meeting. The Sisters of Mercy acknoAvledgc the re- ceipt of £40, in aid of St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage, Emerald-hill, being a portion of the proceeds of the Easter Catholic pic-nic, per the Catholic Young Men's Society. We have received a very well executed photograph of Captain Black and his Biahmin bull, as they may often be seen driving through the streets of the city. The photograph is the Avork of Mr. Short, of 57 Collins-street cast, and was executed by that gentleman's electric process. The anniversary tea-meeting in connexion Avith the West Melbourne Presbyterian Church will be held, in the temporary build- ing, William-street, this evening, After tea the company Avili adjourn ir.to the neiv church, Avhcn addresse» Avili be delivered by several cleigymen. Mr. C. A. Donaldson, assisted Avith the church choir, Avili enliven the evening. An unusually fine specimen of typography has lately come under our notice. It is one of the numerous addresses presented by Victorian public bodies to His Iloyal High ness in respect to the late attempt at assassi- nation, but instead of being expensively illuminated by hand, it is printed with types. The peculiarity is that the types are of uncommon pattern, and_ particularly handsome, and the document is a very pre- sentable one. The printers were Messrs. Evans Brothers, of Collins-street west. The quarteily meeting of the Southern District Sunday-school Union Avas held last night, in the Baptist Church, South Yarra Mr. T. C. Crouch, the president of the union, in the chair. The secretary stated that of tAventy schools in tho union returns had been received from fifteen, and-that they were gencially of a satisfactory character. The total number of teachers connected Avitli these schools AVOS 130 males and 120 females ; total, 250. The number of children attending the schools was 1,005 boys, 1,154 gills, and 227 infants, being altogether 2,423. Mr. Simons, of Brighton, then read a paper on "Our senior scholars; liOAvbest to retain them," Avhich led to an interesting discus 