COUNTRY COKRESPONDENCK PORT AUGUSTA. August 3. On Friday evening, July 31, our HUtriomc Society gave another entertainment to a larye and highly-delighted audience. The evening's per formance commenced with the ' Artful Dodge.' which was well perronneiL ana a comic oong, 'The Organ-grinder,' called for an encore. 'Ihe affair concluded with ' Ihe Area Belle,' which j kept the house in oae continual roar of Liughter. | The whole was a marked success. The performers as amateurs are getting better up in their parts; and were the stage on.y larger, with suitable appliances, sta^e Aitings, &c;, tney wouid compete with any amateur Society in South Auslr-lia. 'J hey deserve credit for try ng to amuse the public generally. The weather is beginning to get warm again towards noon, but the nights and mornings are very cold. There are a great number of cases of hooping-cough amongst children, whilst older ones j are all complaining of colds, coughs, sore throats, I ac. The last few da-B there has been hardly any wind at all, the Valiant haviug been detained several days before she had sufficient wind to get steerage-way; but on Saturday last a light breeze sprung up about noon, and she made a start down the Gulf, the captain's patience being nearly *ora out She left here short- handed. One of the crew having proved refractory, was committed to Red ruth, and no seaman could be had. A few showers of rain wouid do a deal of good now before the hot weather sets in. NAIRNE, August L On Friday evening, 3lst ult, a lecture was ielivered by Mr. A. A. Light in the licensed schoolroom, on 'Natural History,' hi aid of the funds of the Nairne Christian Mutual Improve ment Associati-Tj. There was a moderate atten dance. The chair was taken by Mr. J. Rjder, President, who briefly introduced the lecturer. Mr. Light then proceeded to lay down the funda mental principles of the science in its division into kindoms, &&; then selecting the animal kindoin, he very lucidly referred to its various other classes and families, finishing his lecture with a concise description of the principal members of the class mammalia. The lecture, which was interspersed *ith many amusing anecdotes and illustrated by drawings, was listened to with the greatest attention and delight In responding to the vote of thanks Mr. light intimated hia willing ness to accede to the wish of the Association by delivering another lecture on the same subject shortly— an announcement which was received with great pleasure. We are also anticipating the pleasure of a kcture from Mr. John Dunn on his recent vibits to the neighbouring colonies. - BLJN&tAN;, August 3. The weather appears to have settled down fine, and is gradually getting warmer; and although we have from time to time had the satisfaction of re cording genial tho#ets, 1 am informed by a gentle inau who keeps a record from gauge that up to this time there is a great deficiency as compared with last year to same date, 1867 showing a fraction over eight inches, 1868 a fraction over five inches; consequently we are still dependent ou late rains to ensure a sufficieBcy of piass for the summer months. We hope August and September may supply the desideratum. The continuance of cold, frosty weather which has prevailed for some week* has retarded vegetation, and the grass has made very little growth. The mail-coach on Sunday last was full of pas sengers, under engagement for the mine; and on Monday niurning returned with a similar number, who, it is supposed, ate making tracks for the Gympie Diggings. 1 uuderstand the next mail is to go to the new Post-Office in the mine township. I am informed thai retrenchment is made in this department here, anil that the Postmaster— who has charge of the last sorting-office northwaMs, and who has to devote the afternoon and some hours of the night on Sunday and half the Monday in making-up and delivering mails, besides having ti.e responsibility all the week, and haviug to supply a twopenny stamp whenever required, also to give a bond with sureties f.r £100 -is remunerated with the muni ficent sum ot 5s. 9d. per week. In addition to the duties above enumerated, the Postmaster, at his own cost, has to find suitable offices. The Post master-General probably calculated that the con tractors f»r the conveyance ot the mail would require increased subsidy for the additional dis tance; and so to meet the case made the reduction in the Postmaster's salary. Here is an instance of increased duties and reduced pay. On Kriilny evening the natives who stop about the mine in considerable numbers indulged in a little warfare among themselves, the result being some severe wouudi about the heads aud bodies of the belligerents. The Protector, Mr. ButtfieM, discharged the duties of burgeon in attending ou the wounded. BTJRRA, August 5. The Rev. L. W. Stantqn. M.A.. gave a pleasing entertainment at the Institute on Monday evening last 'Ihe programme was exceedingly attractive, and the pieces elicited unqualified applause. Mrs. Smith commenced by executing an overtute on the piano ina masterly style, 'the Kev. Mr. Stantou read during the evening 'The Legend of the Beil,' 'Drat the Cats,' 'The Lost Hunter,' and 'Mr. Sprouts at Ascot.' Master Robert Cowperand Master Foider, two of Mr. Stamou's pupils from the Burra Grammar School, read the former the 'Fakenham Ghost,' and the latter 'John Gilpin's Ride,' with pleasing effect Mrs. Smith played another overture, and a duet with Miss Perry, and Master Cyril Stanton sani; with Miss Young 'The Duke of At hoi's C-ounship,' and a solo * By this heart cheri*heth ' Mr. K. Moody favoured with 'Come into the g;uden, Maud,' aud a duet with Miss Perry from the Christy Minstrels. In addition to these a duet played by the Misses Mary ami Maria Drew, ami one by the Misses Young and K. Stanton, tilled up the jitOiTaiume. A su.all sum was chaiged for admissiuu, to be dev te-l to the purchase of gymnastic implements for the grammar school. To say that the room was full would n--i convey a correct iilea of the numbers, as the building was literally crammed with listeners. The Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Society held a soiree in the schoolroom --n Tuesday even ing. Mr. J. R. Stephens initiated a discussion on the effirts of the poet, sutesm m. and warrior ou the civilized world. In this discussion Messrs. Ki-ij!way, Lane, and Oldham took part, and afi'mled amusement and instruction. Messrs. Lipsett, Oidham, Opie. Chewings, Bodinuer, Newlyn, and Hall recited with good effect A crowded audience filled the room, and testified approval by hearty applause. TUe Rev. D. S. Wylie presided. YANKALILL\, Augusts. The annual meeting of Yanfcalilla Institute was held or Tuesday week; Dr. Millner. J.P., Presi dent, in the chair. The report showed progieas during the year, about lO volumes having been added to the library, and a new book-case. 6e:its, and platform provided. Dr. Millner and Messrs. Foule and Howie were unanimously re elected Pre- iident, Treasurer, and Secretary respecti ely, and Messrs. Lewis, Goode. Gewery, Hibbart Skiuner, T. A. Martin, and Macfarlane were chosen as members of Committee for ensuing year. After the meeting a lecture was kindly delivered by Mr. B. F. Laurie, S.M., on 'Ancient English Poetry and Minstrelsy.' Mr. Lauiie is a good reader, and kept up the interest of the audience capitally. He was mu h applauded, and a heiuty vote of thanks was tendered. The fine weather of the last fortnight is bringing ou the crops nicely. We understand that a fhurch of England clenrv man is at last about to settle among us, Mr. C. W. Morse, B.A., of Cambridge, having accepted the nomination to Chnstchuich ami the missionary cure of this large district We believe the matter will be fi-ially arranged and Mr. Morse's ordination proceeded with as soon as possible after the return of the Lord Bishop to Adelaide. WILLIAMSTOWK, August 5. On Tuesday, August 4, we had an entertainment in the schoolroom for the benefit of St Peter's Sunday-School library; the Rev. H. Read, M.A., in the chair. Sweet duets by young lady amateurs, solos by gentlemen, and capital choruses by the choir were given. One very young gentleman recited particularly well ' Casablanca.'1 But the gem was a - 'audle Lecture by a humorous friend, who entered so thoroughly into the spirit of the piece that it was difficult to believe the reciter a bachelor. After other pieces, the National Anthem closed a successful reunion. The evening was delightful, aud a bright moon shone overhead. WELLINGTON, Augusts In noi icing the death of the late Mr. T. Lam pard in my last letter, 1 should have stated that it was 18 months ago when Dr. Herbert was called in to tieat him for cancer in the face, which had reached such an advanced stage that the patieut was rapidly sinking. As a last resource. Dr. Herbert skilfully performed a very difficult and painful operation, and I have been informed by com eteut authority that the worthy doctor was the means, under Providence, of prolonging Mr, Lamoard's existence for some time. SKILLOGOLEE CREEK, August 3. The district roads round here are about to be re paired, not before wanted, being in a disgraceful state. I wish I could say the Government roads were to he repaired. Disgraceful and dangerous as these are, they will get into that state spoken of by an old writer as 'abominably execrable ' before any steps ova raL'on Some are discovering incipient signs of red rust in the hill crops round here. It ia sincerely hoped that the curse of last year will not again deprive so many of the means of subsistence. The plains crops seem perfectly free from any symptoms o infection. _ MORPHETT VALE, Angus A meeting of ratepayers was held iu ihe Emu Hotel on Monday, 3rd inst About 20 were pre sent, and Mr. S. Myles took the chair, when a rate of Is. was declared on the assessment. The neces sity of a vigilant Ranger was pressed upon the attention of the Council. Payment by salary was suggested, but was considered to have a tendency in the wrong direction, and payment by fees was carried, The Tires Act came in for a share of criticism, there being different views of it, but all agreeing that a few alterations were necessary t-- make it effectual. Confi lence was expressed in our M.P.s dealing with it when brought up for review. We are being deprived of that necessary appen dage for the preservation of health- a dispensary— which has been kept here for the past year or two bv Dr. Bewicke. He is now leaving the district, and there is a general feeling of reeret, best wishes being expressed for his future success. The warm weather for the past week has given better hopes of the wheat crop, although already we perceive some fields submitting to that plague, in both senses, to the farmer— the takealL Labour is plentiful, and the Council are doing their best to abaoib it. MEADOWS. Augusta. The contract of Mr. Hough, between here and D?.sbwood'8 Gully, is so far completed that the bus is able to come along it This is a splendid piece of road, and reflects great credit alike upon the contractor and Overseer of Works. Mr. J. Fry's contract at Bull's Creek is progressing, and when these contracts are completed we shall have a good macadamized road to the city, with the exception of a patch here and there, which the Central Road Board will no doubt give their earliest attention to. On Thursday, July 30, the Young Men's Ascocia tion gave their monthly entertainment, consisting of readings and recitations, with vocal and instiu meiual music; Miss Julia Hull presided at the harmonium. Miss Fanny Ha'l sang ' Maggie's Secret,' 'Xo one to Love,' 'The Minute Gun at 'Sea,' and other songs, and was loudly applauded. The following took part in the entertainment :— Readings, Mr. J. S. Jones; recitations, Messrs. T. C. Simpson, D. H. 8impson, Z. H. Jones, W. Gibbs, W. Ellis, W. Pearson, I. Cook, and Masters Ellis Lymbomet and Archie Lymbumer 'A shaa breakdown.' Thu was the crowning piect, u ru amply unified by the applause following. The parts wen ao well acted that those in the secret thought it ni bonA fide. Ihe piece, an original one ni written by Mr. A. L. Lymburner for the occasion. About ttu person* were present The growing crops are looking healthy in some places, but are backward, owing to the extreme cold we have experienced, iu other spots thty are looking almost as bad u they can— the coo.* Dined effects of wet, rust and cold. KAPUSDA. August 5. On Sunday, August 2, His Lordship the Bishop preached two excellent sermons and confirmed eight young people at the Church of England. The new portion of the building was sufficiently finished to admit of their making use of it on this occasion. The attendance both morning and evening was very huge, aud I am informed that some people were unable to obtain seats. On Monday eveuiug the members of the Bible clas-i hi connection with the Congregational Church held a tea and public meeting. The tea was well attended, there being m- -represent than on similar occasions. The meeting was also well attended, the church being quite tulL Mr. VV. Lewis, M.P , presided, and commenced with a short address. The Rev. AL Williams followed with the report -m very encouraging one. Recitations were then given by Mmre. fi. Cameron and u. Green. The Rev. M. Williams followed with the first part of a dis course on Egypt of an interesting and instructive character. Recitations by Messrs. R. Thomas and A. Gates were next given, and, after some singing, the Rev. M. Williams concluded what he called a few remarks, but was considered a good lecture. Mr. Will delivered an appropriate address. Reci tations were again given by Hewn. Conigrave, Bishop, and C. vViil, and votes of thanks doted the proceedings, which had been most interesting ihluUKUOUt MOUNT PLEASANT, August 4. A pleasing sign is that this township still main tains its hold on public confidence, notwithstanding iu present depressed state, resulting from the failure of last year's crop. This is apparent iu the exten sive and commodious buildings now in course of construction, some intended for public business and others an residences for private individuals who are leaving other districts to settle in this, thereby infusing new life and enterprise into our midst Alterations on a large scale are being made in the Talunsa Hotel. Aheady over a thousand pounds have been expended, aud the work is still incomplete. A chance his also taken place in landlords. Mr. Daniels having assumed the maruute nient The new budding for the Bank of Souih Australia is, 1 believe, to be proceeded with imme diately. On account of. the site to be occupied, it will, when completed, greatly enhance the style and beauty of the township. A ball given by mine Host of the Totnes Inn to a large and fashionable party of this and ad jacent townships passed off with great iclaL Dancing commenced at 9 o'clock, and continued, with occasional intermissions for refreshment, until morning. Every one was delighted with the amusement kindly afforded by Mr. and Mrs. Schofield. Green feed is being cut. and the young crops generally are looking strong and healthy. The weather is all that could be desired, the sun's genial rays after the late rains causing the iirain to germinate and Bhow itself above the ground b an inciedibly short time. Some steps are being taken to obtain the services of Mr. Montgomery before he leaves the colony, and although a large number of our townsfolk have taken a trip to Adelaide to hear him. there are many who would gladly avail themselves of such an opportunity of hearing bo talented an actor. The contract for the road between here and Springton is being carried on vigorously, and when completed will be a great convenience to the districts. _ CLARENDON, Augusts Our long-talked-of Court-House has been begun, and the men are engaged at the foundations. It is a pity so handsome a building should be buried behind some inferior ones, which exist on the adjacent allotment, merely for the sake of an outlay of a few pounds, especially when one resi dent gentleman has engaged to defray part of the expense. It is gratifying to learn that the want of a resi dent medical man, occasioned by the removal of Dr. Motherall, is to be shortly filled up. The weather continues fine, aud the farmers are getting in their early potatoes, Sic. Pruning vines is also being vigorously carried on, and digxiug among them will shortly commence. AUBURN, August 5. The anniversary services of the Wesleyan Sunday-school took place on Sunday and Monday last. The days were beautiful, and a great number congregated. The Rev. J. G. Millard, of Adelaide, preached on Sunday morning and evening, and in the afternoon the children were examined on the life nf Samuel. On Monday the children mustered for a few hours' play before t a, and then did it justice, followed by the adults. Afterwards the chair wax taken by Mr. T. Thomas, supported by the Revs. Millard and Greer, and Messrs. Christ mas, Moyses, Johnston, aud Howard. Ihe Superintendent (Mr. Johnston) had hit upon a novel plan for explaining how the school had advanced since its formation about a year ago. He had a large plan, in the centre of which were the words, 'God bless the Sunday-school;' on the sides. 'Feed my Iambs' aud 'Jesus is the children's friend.' In addition to various emblems anJ devices in one place there were nix stars to represent the number first enrolled, then 49 others, the number now attending. Although 1 have Keen many devices for Sunday-schools, and heard many ways of explaining the statistics of a sciioo', tin* was the mo t novel and plain. Many mottoes were hung round the church, kindly sent from the Burra. The choir, which visited us three months ago, favoured us again, and their Bweet and hamonious voices tended much to the happiness and success ef the anniversary. The anthem 'The Earth in the Lord's' was beautifully sung. Several lengthened addresses were given by those txf ore stated, and Mr. Mi! lard's address was received with marked effect Amount collected, JE25 15s. The weather continues very warm, with heavy dews at night, which keep the feed back. Trade is not brisk, nor will it be until shearing time. _ GAWLER, August 6. M.Vertelli gave an enterumnitnt in Gawler on Monday, the 3rd. He walked across Murray-street on a half-inch whe tope and performed other feats, after which he went into the Oddtellows' Hall and with his .roupe continued the entertainment there. A large number of persons witnessed the outdoor performance, and possibly thinking it the best kept tiieir money ami did not go in. Those that dii tnter the Hall were pleased with feus of strength and skill. A lecture was delivered the same evening at the Corg eg itional Chapel, Gaw er, by the Rev. O. J. Kvans, on 'The Cities of Bashan.'* There was a fair a tendance, and the audience appeared much pleased with « hat they heard. The choir sang well several anthems, which were absurdly enough cheered in the same manner as ordinary songs or g)ee*8inirin*. Thanks were accorded to the lecturer and choir at the close. Mr. W. Montgomery gave an evening's recital in Gawler on Wednesday, the 5th. in connection with the Gawler Institute. The Hal} was com fortably filled with an appreciative audience. SALISBURY. Augusts. On Thursday, July 30, a meeting wan held in the Wesleyan Chapel for the advocacy of the Home Mission cause. There was a good attendance, Mr. We Scott presided, and animated addresses were delivered by the Kev. G. W. Patchell and Messrs. Gillingham and No vis. At the close the sum of £17 ISs. l'ii was announced as the Salisbury con tribution to the funds. On Mon lay evening an entertainment was given in the ABsembly-room in aid of the Institute. The programme was of a miscellaneous character— a lecture by Mr. C. S. Hare on Fiji and New Cale donia, and music and recitations — and the way in which all was carried out gave satisfaction to a large companv.. The lecture was graphic and inte resting, the music was for the most part creditably rendered, the vocalists being Mr., Mrs, and Mis* Poole, the Misses litclifield, and Messrs. Loades and liniiie. Two recitations were effectively given by Mr. Wm. Davey. jun., and Mrs. Poole efficiently presided at the piano, the brass band also con tributing. Thanks were accorded to thu Lecturer, the Chairman (Dr. FisherX and others. Yertelli and Company paid us a visit on Tuesday evening, and gave an exhibition of some of their gymnastic feats. The attendance was rather limited. The surface of the ground is becoming very dry and hard, and a little more rain is regarded as a desideratum. _ i- MOUNT GAMBIER, August 5. The Institute readings are beine resumed. Dr. Peel's motion hi the Committee to lengthen the hall 10 fctt and finish the building at once was carried. It is rumoured that the new Roman Catholic Church is to be commenced at once. A splendid darmonium has been purchased, at a cost of £125. It is by the well-known firm of M. Alexandra, and fias two rows of keys, extra pedals for the feet, has 24 stops, knee swell, and percussion action. Mr. J. H. Shatlock, Secretary of the Road Board at Mount Gambier, has resigned I hear that no successor is to be appointed. Mr. Wm. Attiwell, of Kingston, is transferred to Penola to undertake the duties of Telegraph Station aud Postmaster at Peuola. It is supposed that the new Hospital will be open in a few weeks, and indeed not before time. Next season'* crop k I eiuu purchased in limited quantities, and 1 hear 4s. 9d. and 5s, is the price given Mr. Angas Tolmie. Mr. Gardener, the new lessee of the Mount Fchanck Run. has been slaughtering kangaroos by wholesale. He has already shipped 12,0-h) skins to Melbourne, and yet the huntsmen say kangaroos are apparently as thick as ever. Mr. Jamieson Steele has had two splendid horses malliously poisoned. Forty pounds reward has been offered on conviction of the offender. Mr. Joseph Smith has lost 15 valuable sheep by the ravages of tame dots. It is said that the drainage works will be a great success. The weather is fair and frosty, and the public health is good. The District Council of Mount Gambier East are seeking for 3 Clerk, Assessor. Overseer, &c;,&c.; combined -in fact they require all an educated man's time for about £80 a year. Thw action of the Council is much condemned, as unfair to Mr. John lnglebv, the present Clerk. District Councils seem often to tare a penchant for making the situations of their officers as uncertain ana pre carious as possible, no matter how efficient and energetic they may be. It appears to be nothing in their e es to suddenly throw a gentleman, and, perhaps, Iiis wife and family, on any resources he can find at a moment's notice. The shipping agents at Port. MacDonnell have notified & reduction of 30 per cent in the shipping charges. The Institute readings on Monday night would have been a somewhat uninteresting affair but for the rendering of a Caudle lecture by Mr. Maiaey, and the recitation and singing of Mr. Ansell. The attendance was not good. Considerable dissatisfaction is expressed in some quarters at the anticipated removal of the Yen. Archdeacon Twopeny from this cure to Auburn. The climate of Mount Gambier is, however, far too damp for the health of the rev. gentleman. At the meeting to-night, to form a Corporation, » resolution to the effect that the time has not vet arrived for establishing » Corporation was earned by a majority of 38 to 17. The town wm badly re presented at the 'mtirgi ttd further agitation will be coidbkqcocL 