ONE more attempt amongst the many which have been made to form a Colonial Wine Company in Victoria is about to be taken in hand. The projector, Mr. Hen- derson, is not known to us, and we are therefore unable to pass any opinion upon bis fitness to achieve the task he has un dertaken, except such an opinion as his operations so far, in opening up the way for the proposed company suggest Looked at, as far as they have gone, Mr. Hen derson's proceedings do not inspire us with as much confidence as we could de sire in common with all who take an earnest interest in the promotion of the wine- producers' prosperity, we are anxious to see an influential company, possessed of capital, coming forward to engage in the domestic wine trade of Australia. And we see vast advantages to the vignerons and to the native wine trade, as a sure result, emanating from the operations of such a company. But we fear the false notions which have hitherto swayed vignerons generally, as to the market value and probable demand for their young and immature wines, and which have — more than any other cause— repelled pur chasers possessed of capital from them and their wines, have not yet been wholly got rid of, so as to make tho way clear and straight for individuals or companies with capital, going into the Australian wine trade in the extensive manner that is necessary to establish it securely as a branch of Australian commerce. It would seem as if the difficulties and embarrass ments inseparable from poverty struggling with aslow demand and a bad market must continue somewhat longer still, to force into tho minds of some wine -producers com mon-sense views of the mutual interests of themselves and of the wine merchant and retailer. The vinegrowers of the Murray and Ovens District, who have been lately holding meetings to hear Mr. Hender son's views on the subject of the pro jected company, must be in a sad case in deed when their condition is such as was described by one of their own number, a Mr. George Day, who stated that " must," or grape juice, was now sold there generally at 1s. 6d. per gallon, with a tendency to sink down to 1s. and to 6d. per gallon, and that " a large proportion of the purchase money had to be taken out in stores, and a three months' bill given for the balance." This is not a very fat condition of things certainly, but the wine- produce themselves are alone to blame for it. They would go on talking about L1 a gallon, then 10s, next, 5s, and at last anything at all as a price ; and in consequence they drove off every man inclined to go into the trade, and when at last they came down to a reasonable figure, they found there was no one left in the market to listen to them. Well, this madness, we fear, is not as yet all extinguished, judging by some of of the statements we see put forward in one of the local newspapers. However, adversity sobers men ; and, we doubt not, the high-flying which has nearly annihi lated the once promising Murray River wine trade will speedily vanish altogether. Reverting to Mr. Henderson and his project, as we have said, we have no means of forming an opinion as to his fitness for what is not a very promising task in these impecunious times, except by looking to what he has done in the matter. And certainly the affair in its present aspect looks crude. No prospectus has been issued ; but a written state ment has been forwarded to the various newspaper offices, in which Mr. Henderson briefly estimates that, from the acreage under vines in the three colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia, there may be ex pected to be something like 3,800,000 or 4,000,000 gallons of wine yearly produced in Australia at the present time. This may or may not be an overstatement ; but it has nothing to do with the plan of operations, which must be ably devised and carried out, in order to make an Aus tralian Wine Company successful, and which must be explicitly detailed at the outset to the public, in order to give them confidence enough in the project to take shares. It is not from any desire to find fault with Mr. Henderson that we refer to this utter absence of all proposals show- ing what the modus operandi of the com- pany is to be. Silence on such a subject in the projector begets distrust, either as to his capacity for the undertaking, or his trustworthiness ; and to remove this distrust, he must, if he would float his company, come forward with a printed scheme of operations, showing how he means to succeed, and why he thinks that that way of his, whatever it may be, is the best way to succeed in founding, esta blishing, and carrying on successfully a great wine-purchasing and wine-vending joint stock company. We perceive from the report of one of the meetings of .vignerons at Albury, given in the local papers, that Mr. Henderson hopes to raise a capital of L100,000 in L5 shares, of which he expects to get some L25,000 from the vineyard proprietors themselves, paid principally in new wine. The latter is a good notion, if it can be reduced to practice ; but we doubt if all the vignerons in the three colonies could together pay up in wine or cash, or both together, such a sum as L25,000. With reference to what the public would be inclined to subscribe to such an undertaking, it is certainly a hazardous proposal to advance for a person to say that L75,000, in L5 shares, would be subscribed by the general and mercan- tile public for a project which, though most deserving in its nature, is not, how ever, one in which people generally are disposed to have much confidence. L100,000 would undoubtedly be required to insure the first element of success ; and we do most earnestly hope it may be sub- scribed. But, as we have said, we doubt that it will. In addition to sufficient capital, the company would need to have a manager,; who would not only be master of the art of the proper treatment of wine in the cellar, but who would also be a man of capacity suited to pushing on a great commercial concern such as the proposed company. But for the present, we must retrain from entering more fully into the subject until the project is more deve- loped. ________ Matters political remain pretty much as they were. Mr. M'Culloch was in communication with His Excellency yesterday, but up to a late hour in the afternoon nothing further had been done towards the return to office of the M'Cul- loch Ministry, or the formation of a new Ad- ministration. Under existing circumstances, therefore, the formal opening of Parliament must be further adjourned. In the very awkward position in which the Governor is at present placed, members of both Houses can scarcely refuse to accede to the request of a further ad- journment, particularly as it is utterly impos- sible to transact any business whatsoever until the Parliament is formally opened. The delay may be very inconvenient, but nevertheless it cannot bs helped. The Kiakoura, with the Panama mails, arrived in Sydney harbour yesterday at 4 p.m., after a very rapid passage. Her dates are London 10th March, and New York 11th March. The telegram, which is unusually brief, will be found in another column. We ere informed that the P. and O. Company did not issue any circular stating their inability to furnish bills of lading in time for dispatch by the mail. Up to Saturday at noon they in tended to ship the gold that day and great bills of lading in the usual way; end when the non- arrival of the Avoca off Cape Schanck at 12 noon made it apparent that the gold could not be shipped in sufficient time to dispatch the bills of lading by post, the agent communicated to the shippers that as the gold would have to be shipped on Sunday, after the mail had closed, and as the terms of their contract prevented them from giving any extra facilities for the dispatch of letters, any shippers who desired could with- draw their parcels. No gold was, however, withdrawn, and we believe that the bills of lading were taken by private messenger. A late letter box would obviate all this difficulty ; and as for the next five months the outgoing mail will be dispatched on Sunday, we trust that the Post- Office authorities will take steps to remedy an omission which may lead to very disastrous con sequences. The railway policy of the present Government appears to consist in tasking the lines of as little use to the general public ns possible. Yesterday we announced that the Sunday afternoon trains to Ballaarat and Sandhurst had been discon tinued, so that there was no possibility of leaving town on Sunday at all. To-day we have to state that the fares between Melbourne and Geelong have been increased from 10s. 6d. in the first to 12s. Gd., and from 7s 6d. in the second to 9s. 6d. ; for return tickets, from 16s. to 19s. in the first, and from 10s. 6d. to 14s. in the second. The mixed train leaving Melbourne at 3 30 p.m. will leave at 3 20 p.m., and the train leaving Bal- laarat at 2.50 p.m. will leave at 2.30 p m. All these alterations commence on the 1st of May. The reprehensible and mischievous amusement indulged in by street boys of throwing missiles at the railway trains appears to be on the increase, and some severe example will have to be made before it has been put a stop to. At the Prahran Police Court yesterday, a respectable-looking lad, fourteen years old, named Wm. Snowball, was charged with having thrown an apple at the train in Windsor station. The prisoner, who was outside, and some other boys in the train were pelting each other, when one of the missiles, a very large apple, struck the edge of the window and split it. The apple was of course broken by tbe blow, and the guard picked up a large piece, which he produced in court. The Bench lectured the prisoner on his conduct, advising him to abstain from such larks in future, and fined him 20s., or a week's imprison ment. The executive committee of the Prince Al- fred Hospital will be glad to receive the names of any gentlemen who may be desirous of being added to the list. The New South Wales Government have, brought in a bill authorising the issue of Trea sury Bills. Large numbers of the ibis have been lately seen on the surface water near Deniliquin ; but they are, as a rule, allowed to remain in peace. Old bushmen have a superstition against killing them, and the flesh is particularly nasty to eat. We have received Mr. George Robertson's Monthly Book Circular, and a clearance cata logue of books offered for sale at reduced prices. With reference to the recent correspondence between the Sandhurst Water Supply Com mittee and the Department of Mines, the following communication was received on Saturday by the secretary of the Water Supply Committee : — " Mining Department, Melbourne, 21th April, 1868. Sir, — I have the honour, by direction of the hon. the Minister of Mines, to acknowledge the re- ceipt of your letter of the 22nd inst., renewing the request of the Sandhurst Water Supply Committee for an interview, and to inform you that circumstance still prevent a deputation being received on the subject referred to in your letter. Mr. Macgregor regrets that he cannot comply with your request. I have the honour to be, Sir, your most obedient, R. BROUGH SMYTH, Secretary for Mines. Mr. Hugh M'CoS, hon. sec. of the Water Supply Com - mittee, Sandhurst:" ' The Bendigo Evening News reports that " a brutal assault was perpetrated on Sunday night on Constable Keating: It appears the con- stable, received information from a man whose name, we have not ascertained that he was robbed of some L30 in a brothel in Bernal strcot, and accompanied the man to the house. The constable was refused admittance, and con sequently burst open the door, when he was suddenly struck in the face with a bottle by an Italian of the name of Diero, the stroke being so violent that a pert of the jaw was broken and four teeth knocked out. Tho constable was at once conveyed to tho hospital, where, we regret, he lies in a very precarious slate," That unfortunate young woman, Elizabeth Burns, of Ballaarat, reported as having been seduced under a promise of marriage by a man named Crowl, and afterwords charged by him with deserting her illegitimate child, was again arrested on Saturday by Sergeant Larner on the same charge. When brought before the Court on Friday, she made a promise that she would in future take care of the child herself, on which she was dismissed. The promise, however, it appears, she has failed to fulfill, as on Saturday she again deposited the child at the door of its putative father. A warrant was immediately issued for her arrest, and she was taken to the Eastern lock-up. It may be quite right that young women should be prevented from leaving children even at the doors of their putative fathers, but surely something could be done to punish such heartless personages as Mr. Crowl. The girl was discharged by the police magistrate yesterday, her father promising that she should not again abandon the child. It will doubtless interest many of our readers (says the Newcastle Chronicle) to hear from a person now in Newcastle something relative to the actual cost of transmitting messages by the great Atlantic cable. When Captaln Tidmarsh, of the ship Wennington, now lying in this port, arrived in San Francisco, after the loss of the Golden Sunset, he telegraphed to his wife in Liverpool informing her of his safety. The tele gram was dispatched from San Francisco between 9 and 10 o'clock on Monday evening, and was delivered to Mrs. Tidmarsh by 10 o'clock on the following morning. The message only contained nine words, and cost the very insignificant sum of L45. It appears after all that the navigation of the Gipps Land Lakes Is temporarily suspended. The Avon, with a cargo from Port Albert, attempted to cross the entrance on Wednesday evening; but as she found only 3ft. 6in. of water on the bar, she was compelled to return to the Port. The Thomas Norton brought up the passengers to Clydebank on Thursday. We may mention, however, that the tides have had no influence on the water for some days, and consequently it is not expected that the present interruption of traffic will be of long continuance. Tbe Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates yesterday committed to prison for two days, for prevarication in giving evidence, a storekeeper of Faithful Creek, named Thomas Heskin, who had been summoned to explain away the mode in which he became possessed of some property formerly belonging to Martin Marshall, of Faithful Creek, whose estate is now seques trated. Mr. Alfred Charles Baillie, lately an auc- tioneer at Wangaratta, was arrested yesterday at Geelong, on a chargo of absconding with a large quantity of property. In a few days he will be sent to Wangaratta. The Gipps Land Times regrets to learn that operations at the Thomson River Copper Mine have been temporarily suspended. It appears that the tributes were sorely pressed latterly by their creditors, and that as there was no possi bility of gelling in calls to meet the current expenses, they at last determined to wind up the company. The workmen are said to have agreed to accept 10s. in the LI, being all that the working company can afford to pay. It must be understood, however, that the prospects of the mine are still excellent, and that this unfortunate collapse has been in no way produced by any want of confidence in the lode. This temporary want of money is attributed in a great measure to the crisis, many of the shareholders belonging to the unpaid Civil Service. Seven or eight blackfellows, wearing coloured caps as a distinguishing mark of their profession, were parading through the streets of Brisbane a few days ago (says tha Queensland Guardian), trying to pick up a living by singing at various hotels and business establishments. The reper toire of this troupe of " Aboriginal Minstrels" is not extensive, as it comprises only one song— tho popular " Slap Bang," but the words are materially altered from the common version. Two or three female votaries of Terpsichore accompany the troupe ; and, from the elegance of their movements, we believe that that the talent exhibited by a clever company of ballot artistes at present in Brisbane has not been thrown away upon them. Some of our citizens declare that these original aboriginal performances are a great nuisance, but there's no accounting for taste. An inquest was held by Mr. Noyes, coroner, on Monday last, at St. George's inn, Deniliquin, on the body of George Richards, one of the numerous tramps that roam through Riverina. Richards was camping near Win- dooran homestead, and apparently paralysed, where he had been lying four or five days when he was visited by Constable Gibson, of Moula- mein, who removed Richards to that place. From Moulamein he was, on the 17th April, started in a dray by Palmer, a person in the employ of Mrs. Bradbury, of that place, distant seventy miles from Deniliquin. On Saturday afternoon the dray, containing Richards, arrived within two miles of Deniliquin, and was upset; it fall upon Richards and killed him im- mediately. On the evidence the jury found a verdict of accidental death, with the following rider: — " They severely censured John Colvln, superintendent of Windooran station, for his inhuman conduct in not only refusing to assist deceased himself, in his helpless state, but also in prohibiting John Davis, the cook, from rendering him assistance." Mr. Colvin has however, written to the papers stating that he never spoke to the man, and certainly never refused to give him any food. A short time since a Gipps Land Journal called attention to that interminable question, the clearing of the Latrobe bar, and is glad to see that its remarks have been beneficial in rousing the residents of Sale to a sense of their duty. Tbe mayor has called a public meeting to be held on the 29th inst., and every exertion is to be made to have the works carried out as soon as possible. The Colac Observer relates the following cha racteristic episede in colonial wedded life " Not long ago a well-known resident of this neigh bourhood — a farmer and noted breeder of dairy stock — having amassed a sufficient sum for Insuring himself s position of comfort at home, sold out of his farm nnd went homo ; only, how ever, to return after a short visit, but this time accompanied by a nephew and a niece. All went merrily on the passage out, with the ex ception that the wife had occasional misgivings to torture her concerning the extent of her husband's affection towards his female relative. After landing, this suspicion of all not being right was so strengthened in the poor woman's mind that during a spree in which her husband was iudulging, she engaged the young girl to a situation, and, as speedily as possible, placed her in it. On the uncle's return to his home his conduct assured the wife that she had acted with discretion in putting her niece out of harm's way. The new residence of the young girl was at a secluded homestead, nestled in the fast nesses of the Barrabool Hills, to which her uncle, in an excited state, hastened with a determination of recovering her. He presented himself in a cab to the astonished employer of the object of his search, who met him with an objection which necessitated his returning to Geelong for a substitute in the place of his niece. Having finally succeeded in his mission, he de camped with his prize. In the mean time his wife became anxious, and more certain that her suspicions were surely founded. After waiting awhile and instituting inquiries without avail, she came to the conclusion that he had again taken to the water, and armed with a photograph of the faithless one, betook herself to the office of the Black Ball line, in order to discover whether he had taken passage in the recently-departed Great Britain. An official opportunely remembered the features, and felt certain the he had sold the original a ticket. He, moreover, recollected that the party had been accompanied by a blooming damsel, whose description answered to that of the young lady who she felt convinced had supplanted her. A ticket for a passage in the Stag was the means which immediately pre sented itself for facilitating the pursuit which she instinctively meditated. She accordingly took it and embarked for home, feeling assured that she was on the track of the lost one, who, during this period of suspense and distrac- tion, had been informed by some con temptible loafer of every movement of his in jured wife. No sooner had the vessel sailed than he appeared boldly on the scene of his former colonial existence, having taken up some land in tbe vicinity of Colac, upon which he intends to settle down, with his niece trans formed into that anomalous being — an Aus tralian housekeeper." The Ballaarat Star states that a man named Michael Crow, forty-five years of age, sustained an accident on Saturday night last, about 8 o'clock, near the Rocky Castle hotel, South Melbourne road, which it is apprehended will terminate fatally. He was seated in a dray in company with his brother, and the night being extremely dark, the horse diverged somewhat from the middle of the road and the dray upset. One of the wheels passed over Crow's neck, fracturing the upper part of the vertebrae and thereby paralysing his entire frame. He is in a very precarious condition. The following results of meteorological observa tions made at the Melbourne Observatory during tbo week ending the 25th April, have been furnished to us by Mr. Ellery Tho highest reading of the barometer was registered on Satur day, viz., at 30.449in. ; and the lowest on Thurs day, viz., 30 920in. The highest mean tem perature was on Wednesday, viz , 64.8deg. ; and the lowest on Monday, viz , 49'5deg. The highest temperature in the shade was registered on Wednesday, at 78.0deg. ; and the lowest on Mon day, at 37.0deg. The highest temperature in in the sun was on Thursday, viz , 115.7deg. ; and the lowest on Saturday, at I01.3deg. The pre vailing winds were— on Sunday, S. and S.E. ;on Monday, N.E. and S.W. ; on Tuesday and Wednesday, N. nnd N.E. ; on Thursday, N. and S. ; on Fildsy, N. V, nud S. ; and on Saturday S.E. and S. RetiMl— ' Thursday, 0 OOaln. ' none during the remainder of the week. The weather was flao throughout the work ; closa and sultry on tbe 22nd and part of tbe Q3r;!; ntid lightning wna observed on tbe evening of tho 22nd. The Ballaarat Circuit Court, on Saturday last, was occupied during the day with the case of C. Seal and Mrs. Seal v. Webster Freehold Company, in which the jury found for C. Seal for L880, and for Mrs. Seal for L40. The other business disposed of was the case of Hardy v. Adams, for illegal impounding, in which the jury found for the plaintiff for L15. A local paper complains that owing to the very loose manner in which the electoral registrar at Stratford has discharged his duties for some months past, a large number of electors are in danger of being disfranchised. Mr. Gaunt at- tended the Revision Court at Stratford on Mon- day last, but as the registrar was not present and the list seemed almost unintelligble, he ad journed the court till Wednesday. On that day he found himself in no better position, and ad journed the court again till Monday, beyond which no further adjournment can be made by the Revising Bench. It. seems that the re- gistrar has been absent in Melbourne for a con siderable time, and it is supposed that he has no intention to return to this district; and although an absentee, he has not tendered his resigna- tion. He has appointed a deputy in Stratford, but that deputy is not in possession of the docu ments required by the Revision Court. There are no butts, no signature book, and no list of electors qualified to vote for the Council ; even the Assembly list is almost valueless, containing only a few names of electors resident on the Upper Dargo, and many of the names upon that list are not supposed to be correct. It is just possible that before the Court sits on Monday next, the registrar may have forwarded a more complete list with the electoral butts from Mel bourne ; but if he fail to do so, the Revising Bench can certify only to the names which are before them, and these only can be included in tbe electoral roll for the colony. The sheriff at Beechworth has recently sent circulars to the members of both branches of the legal profession, informing them that for the future that portion of the gaol regulations which refers to the admission of professional men to the gaol will be strictly enforced at Beechworth. By these rules no barrister will be allowed per sonally to communicate with any prisoner await ing trial, whether he be engaged to defend htm or not. Chinese gallantry may be estimated by the following anecdote from the Daylesford Mercury of Friday: — "Yesterday Cobb's coach from Ballaarat wss full of passengers. The inside in- cluded five ladies and a Chinaman, while the driver had given up the box to three other members of the fairer creation. At Creswick, a sixth lady traveller presented herself, and seeing John comfortably ensconced inside, ap- pealed to him to vacate his share of the space in her favour. His gallantry, however, was not equal to the occasion. He merely replied. ' You pay for ride ; John pay for ride too,' and sat firmly on his pre-emptive right." A curious incident, and one that might pos- sibly have had a fatal termination, occurred about 4 o'clock on Friday-morning, to Frank Florimel, a miner working in the Indigo Grand Junction claim, and residing at Christmas Town. At the above hour, while sleeping in his hut, Mr. Florimenl was suddenly aroused by a touch on his hand. Perceiving a strange figure near him he sprang from his bed and seized the intruder, who dealt him two severe cuts on the arm, and so managed to effect his escape— not, however, before Mr. Florimel had discovered him to be a Chinese. Another accident consequent upon the care- less use of firearms has occurred in Gipps Land. A man named Keogh was shooting near what is known as Montgomery's Island, on Wednesday morning, when his ramrod, a massive iron one, became fastoned in the barrel of the gun in ramming home a charge. Finding all other attempts to remove it ineffectual, Keogh incautiously resolved to blow it out, and on dis- charging the piece with that object, the barrel burst about 18in. from the breech, lacerating his left hand, which was held forward to support tha weapon, in a frightful manner. The number of prisoners confined in the Central Gaol on Saturday last was 346, classified as fellows :— For trial before Supreme Court, 5 males; before magistrates, 3 males, 3 females. Under sentence : Road gang, 7 males: hard labour, 155 males, 35 females ; Imprison- ment, 59 males, 53 females ; lunatics, 1 male, I female; in default of bail, 16 males, 5 fe- males ; debtors, 3 males. Total, 249 males, 97 females. A strange fish was caught on Thursday by Mr. Berthon, in the River Barwon, at Inver- leigh. The gentleman alluded to was fishing for black fish, when he hooked, as he thought, a finny monster ; after a long fight he landed a platypus. In noticing the present position of the Western Railway Extension League, the Hamilton Free Press regrets to notice that this movement— which at the beginning was taken up with a warmth that gave reason to hope that it would not meet with the almost inevitable fate of all its predecessors— has nearly lost all recognisable vitality. The causes assigned for its present languishing state are said to be twofold — first, that the patience and faith of the subscribers have been rather over-taxed at seeing their money frittered away in paying for useless depu tations, for on extravagant amount of " refresh ment " for same, and jobbery in general ; and second, that our political state does not even afford the reasonable shadow of a hope that any thing that could be either said or done now would be in the least degree likely to further the matter. The number of visitors to the National Mu seums of natural history, geology, and economic geolegy, applied to mining, agriculture, and the arts, for the week ending 25th April, was 1502\. The museums are open to the public dally (Sundays excepted) from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m., in the north side of the University, and in the unfinished portion of the National Museum building at the back of the University. The following is a statement of the number of cases relieved weekly by the committee of the Melbourne Ladles' Benevolent Society for the fortnight ending 21st April : — Individuals, 1152\. Families, 352 — comprising sick and in- firm, 74 ; widows, 151 ; wives whose husbands are absent, 25; deserted wives, 30; wives whose hus- bands are in prison, 10 ; wives whose husbands are partially employed or unemployed, 21 ; single women, 19; aged couples, 13; miscellaneous, 3\. Outlay during the fortnight in relief of cases, L112 19s 31. Subscriptions during the samo period:— Hon. T. H. Fellows, L5 5s.; J. S. Ogilvy, L1 1s. ; Hugh Glass, L3 ; Mrs. Sawell, L1 ; Mrs. Adams, 12s. ; Mrs. D. E. Wilkie, L1 1s. ; W. Hickinbotham, L1 ; Hon. J. P. Bear, L2 2s., ; Bell, Bruce and Co., L2 2s. ; Fowler and Sutherland, L1 ; William Siddeley, L1 1s.; Mr. Brahe, 10s. 6d. ; C. J. and T. Ham, L1 1s. ; Mrs. Henry Millar, L1 ; T. Y. Anderson, 10s. ; Lorimer, Marwood and Rome, L2 2s. ; Newell and Co., L1 1s. ; William Godfrey, L1 ; Moubray, Lush and Co., L1 ; G. Burgin, L1 ; Mrs. Dinwoodie, L1 ; Mrs. Cairns, L2 ; Mrs. Sharp, L2 2s. ; Hon, J. P. Fawkner, L2 ; Walter Bonwick, L2 2s.; Mr. Mooney, per Mrs. Johnson, 10s. ; collection, St. Mary's Church, Hotham, per Rev. R. Potter, L2 8s. 11d. The committee solicit special attention to the pressing want that exists of blankets and clothing for the poor. As the winter is ad- vancing, very urgent appeals are being made to the committee for these necessaries, which, for want of funds, it is totally out of their power to supply. The committee, therefore, earnestly entreat those who have it in their power to bestow articles of clothing, blankets, or cover ings of any description for the use of the poor, . £"Mny of wbcsa 'lioniea sickness' exists, and whose tufforinM hra greatly aggravated by the want of warm sml suitable coverings by nfgbt nnd'by d'ni' Tho fact that women and children constitute tlio great bulk of reclfientscf this charity jpceiall.pler.di for a' generous respenso to this pal1"0 np|icf.l i on. their behalf; Any contrlhull'ins will bo thoUkfully reeffvod by Mrs. Cairns, CUtlraftV Mama, Eastern Hill,; Mrs, HnudiitW, lifirPoter's Parsonage; Mrs. Rtind, Victor! j eticct; Kothr.m ; Mrs. Dunn, 108 little Lonsdale afreet west, or nay member of the committee. The I'raU: f.nM'opuhr Readings to-night will be fw th? Wncflt of the Prahrau' anil' South Yr.rrn 1st its' Brncvobitt Society. " . After .an absence of several months .fiom the Melhaiivne stogo, Mr; Walter Montgomery lijado Ills 're- appearance' ul the Thtalro Royaliast ulgbl, and was greeted by ono of the largest auo'Ienecii '< h!eh 1ms osr cmblefl t within this .building for imam flute past, Mr. Montgomery) who fa'dwemdly a groat favouriio wltli Ilia playgnlniS f'ttfyle of Melbourne, was accorded a .hearty welcome. "Ilnmlet" was ihq. piece-, '(elected for representation, the Drulsh Prince being ptir excellence Mr. Montgomery's finest, and bent stage- impersonation.' His Kndoihig of this . character., .has., been ed often criticised and so frequently commented on, that it is unnecessary to toy anything fur tber ilitU that ho played the part is. well as cvtr iio did i that, ns usual, bo complticlyj so- cured the earnest attention .of -tiro audlence'aud ' their .Wittmset cpnieuiatlsn. In the closet scone with lh:- Queen ho was subllmp, and in j the instruction to the players, cs„ well as faiths CoucluiUng fli't, lie moro than equalled his pro- ' - vlous efforts. Throughout his was undoubtedly a fine performance). Tho IClngand Quean wore played by Mr. Vincent and Mtrr, Cleveland respectively. ; Severn! bbaugta have , tilkcn placo In the east slnco " JIamlet" wai "last produced at this placo. Mies Marion Dunn web tho Ophelia of tho occasion, and considering that this wo3 her Tory' first attempt In essaying Shakspetlanpart?, she (icquiUcd herself nduilrab'y; Sbo may not bavo embodied all Hint wo expect to find In on Ophelia, but at any rate,- Miss Dunn succeeded ; lu giving exprsaslou and moaning to the dialogue oho,' has to speuk ; nnd in. thc.mad sceno in the fourth not, which., is tho moit trying, she wes very fuecessuii. Mr. Harwcod played Polonitts, and although not quite si) good lis his predcccesur ' in this part, ctmirlvcd to' give a close Imitation. Mr. vY aide's Ghost wao meritorious, and iho monotone was spoken with becoming dignity. Mr. Monro's Laertes wes not the best wa" have seen by a long' way, and tlic oamo nioy ba'aaid of Mr'. Ciiohdl r'.i Osrlc.. . ..This evening" " Much Ado About js'othlng" is to ha represented, with Mr. Montiroinery as Benedick. Lest dsigl't the performquco of " Under the Gaoilght" ' wes 'repeated at- -the Duke of Edih- rPlia«f»A (a n IaWaIiI wflllflltnfl Itnnao end whatever may be. the . literary, and con structive (lencrita.Jof.tbo ploy, it is impraslbla'to deny, that the .characters nr'o well played, nod the reensry wast Mlotivo. -The tcena on the Hudson Rive: by night; end; that at tlio railway ststien, whim the express.. (rata, crosses the siege jmt after tho Intended victim has been removid fn is tlio mils, are otartingly real ; and Mr. Ciieilfcs Halt's rendering of tho pBrt of Byhu well deijovves tho applause with which it is greeted. .... , r..-i .--in=r= 1 I 