(Fi-otu tlie Courier. 1 Gladstone. -' Saturday. — The sittings of the District Court were opened to- day,, by His Honor Judge limes. There Were no criminal casofi for trial, and, according to custom wider such circum stances, a pair of white gloves was presented to the Jullge. On the civil list, there were only two caees, in both of which verdicts for the defendants -were recorded. — The weather is very but. Rockhawton. — . Friday. — Humphreys, lessee of the Upper Ferry, hat been ftrrestea for danger ously stabbing one of his employees.-- The reefs at Cswarral are opening out well, and tlie reefers' - expectations are very sanguine. There is an imiueiiBe number of reefs in the locality, and the population is increasing. Svdnbv— JSotarda,),. -There was ijeautifui weather for the Homebunh Spring Meeting. The attendance we* not Urge, bat the Muing was excellent. The tSquakttri Stain of 3 sovereigns nach, with 40 sovereigns added, for horsat that never won over 30 sovereigns at the time of entrance. Onee round and a distance. . Mr. a Bouse, junrV, g t Flirt, 4 years. Sat 7U* ? 1 W. Winch'* b g Bungaby, 6 jean, 0 at 2Mx ? 2 W. H. Barker's br g ChumpKnS, aged, flrt SDw ? 3 .. 3te #em«fciu* Petty of 16 sovereign* «ach, with 100 sovereigns added. 14 mile. Entrance, 6 aove 'ISaswa* a dead beat between Mr. X Tait'adic TheEari.andMr.C. Bddwin'.AtBegsIia. Mr, B. Gobcroft's gr o pater, *»? beaten by a head. It was a splendid race, , ^- In tte run-off, Earl won by a lengUL The SrrrbtoCw of 100 sovereijro»JB tmecie, .Added toahandioanaweepstakesoIlOaovereigna. Smiles. Mr:tn&VbfBil3a;^43%ara,?*4n* .,., I... T. Ivorrt- Grey MomBS,5Te»rs,8st lib... 2 J.Tait^difcWar^'teed.Srtfflbs .:,. 3 . dangerondyinJoHS: %^C~* K..LL-; : added to a MumASet * aoveHugM each, terajj ' ' hone*. S«wmJ fe#ft.4»«tpsMfe*tatBs. Atamvi uB«B,«*c»SiMpB. Entranae, 8 SuttMatns. - OUaBaimlfibrgOotimt, aged L.. ? ... ' I after tt« n*» far Iftlfe \ -^^^^lpS S ' ' .*' ?' hu d«treyad£SO0O Worth of jra^y' . ? SramtT.— Monday.— To day wu ofaaernd as a ?trict holiday.— Tlie Balaam tygttia wu a aac caH.— Auckland papen report that the rebel* an , mining ground in the Tonuuki prorinoe. ' The Kakarunea and Wereros redoubts {utv'e been aban doned.— -13m 4ap Wartent Empire fa» pat into Hobart Town, die crew Wtog mutinied and attempted to murder tike captain. Notwithttanding ftednllneu of the weather, the attfflHJaprie at the Homtbugh spring meeting, to-day. wu larger than on Saturday last The Corinthian Cup of 4A aerereigni in ipecie, added to * aweepttake of 3 eovereigus each, for all hones, half forfeit; 14 mile. Winner of a price value oi'er£S0,,5 1U, extra t of £100, 7lU extra ; of £200, 14|U extra. Koa-probMJoBal rider*. Welter weight* for age. Entrance, 2 sovereigns. Mr. B. Rouse's, Jan., gr f flirt, 4 yean, lOst Colonel Waddy1* brg Ooinet, age£ MitVlb '' 2 The Bomtbuth Maiden Plate of 75 sovereign*, added to a sweeprtikes of 5 sovereigns each, naif forfeit, for all maiden hones under the A.J.C. con ditions; 11 mile. Entrance, £3 I5e. Mr. E. Cobcroft's gc Kaizer, 3 yean, 7st 41I« ... 1 J. Toil's cli c The Earl, 3 year*, 1st tibs . .. 2 W. Winch's b g Bunga.%, 6 yean, Bat 21ba 3 The i'/'fie Handicap of 6 ssvureign* each for acceptors, half forfeit, with 00 sovereigns added. 1 Weights, September 24. Onoe round. Entrance, , -..ivereigiui. Mr. V. C. Jones' brg Young Mormon, 0 years, 6stl31bs ? * ... 1 W. Winch's ch g KarooU, 6 years, 6st 121bB 2 T. Ivory's gr g Grey Moinu«, 5 years, 6st 6U* ? ' .. 3 Mr. Tait's oolt The Italian was nowhere in this race. ?'» The Strmday Stakes ot Iff sovereigns each, with 60 sovereigns added, for three-year olds : 1( mile. Entrance, i sovereigns. Winner of the Homelnah Derby to carry 61bs. extra ; second, £lus extra. Mr. E. Cobcroft'a Sailorboy, 7at 121bs ? 1 J. Matthews' br c Camel, 7st lib ? 2 J. T. Ryan's ch t Babbler, 7st lib ? 3 The Heller Skelter of 1 one sovereign each, with 20 sovereigns added : once round ; flat 71bs each. The winner to be sold immediately after ths race for 20 sovereigns. A dead heat was run in this race between Gar* diner and Af ricMi. The deciding heat was won by the former. Melbourne. — Saturday. — The racing at the Victoria Racing Club during Meeting on Saturday resulted as follows : — Queen's Plate of 300 sovereigns (half in plate and half in specie). Entrance, 1 sovereign, to go to the second horse. 3 years old, Cst. lOlbs. ; 4 years, 8st. 311)8. ; 5 years, lOst. lib. ; G years and aged, lust. 4lbs. Three miles. Mr. J. Tait's ch h Glencue, 4 years ? 1 15\. De McBtre's b h Tim Whitfier, (i years... 2 AU-Ai/al Stakes ol 5 sovereigns each, with lU sovereigns added. Fur 2 year olds, 4st. 911)8. ; 3 year olds, 7st. 511)6. ; 4 year oMs, 9at. ; 5 year olds, 9st, 711)8. ; 6 year olds and aired, 9st. 811)8. One mile. Mr. Tait's ch c Glencoe, 4 years ? 1 Hamilton's b g Sir. Solomon, aged ? 2 Tlie Oaks Slalxs, a sweepstakes of 23 sovereigns, 10 forfeit, with 100 sovereigns added. For three year-old fillies, Sst. lOlbs. each. One mile and a half. Mr. i. Wilson's \ir f My Dream ? I H. t'ishsr's br f Ragpicker ? . . 2 The Victoria Racing Club Handicap, a sweep stakes of 10 sovereigns, half forfeit, with 160 added. For three year-olds and upwards. Due mile and three- quarters. Mr. 3. Kerr's en b Sheet Anchor, 4 years ... 1 W. Craig's bg Nimblefoot, S years ... 2 Steeplechase, a handicap sweepstakes of 10 sove reigns, h. ft., with 2 soveieigns Added. About three miles. Major Baker's b g Babbler, aged ? 1 Free. Handicap of 100 sovereigns. For three year olds and upu-ards. Winner of the Melbourne -Jup to carry 10 lbs. extra ; of any other handicap of the value of 100 sovereiijus, 71bs. extra. Entrance, I sovereign. One mile and a-half and a distance. Mr. W. Field's b g Strop, aged ? I Melbourne.— Monday.— The R.M.SS. Bombay lias left with Bishop Selwyn as a passenger. The late dry weather has now thoroughly broken up. Since Saturday last we have had a succession of heavy thunder-showers. On Monday, at about half -past twelve, one of the heaviest storms we have experienced for many months came up from the suuth-west, and lasted for some considerable time, the wind Mowing very strong. So accidents occurred during the storm, but we have heard of trees having been blown down in every direction. At Ipswich (we learn from the Queensland Times) the storm commenced at half-past one, the rain coming down in torrents. Immediately before the rain commenced, there was a tremendous chip of thunder, the lightning accompanying which caused the sad accident referred to elsewhere. At Brisbane (the Courier says) the storm came up from thesouth vrest dead against the wind, which, up to that time, had prevailed, lasting in full violence for about twenty minutes, during which time the wind blew » regular gale. During the time the storm was raging, Captain William jDooley who lived on bis farm on the other side of the river, near Bulhnoa, was crossing over the ferry there. When the boat w«« about half-way over, it was capsued by the wind. The only other occupant besides the deceased was the ferryman, who clung to the boat till he was rescued. Captain Cooley, however, was drowned liefore aid could reach him. The wind also did no little damage to house property in various parts of the city. As an instance of its force, we may mention the fact that the iron roof of the Email tower on the Treasury Hotel and the railings eurjmunding it were blown clean off into George street. Fortunately the only damage which Abe falling substances did wu to break the telegraph wire running by the hotel. Sevaral other houses, , both in Brisbane and the suburbs, sustained injuries, 1 --ut we have not heard of anything calling for espe cial mention. Some of the gardens in the track of [the storm have been damaged, young trees being [uprooted, or nearly levelled with the ground. | It will be observed from the 'Selections of ICrown Lands,' published in another column, that Muring last week there were 26, 188 acres ?elected tit the Toowoomha Land Office, of which 12,238 bores were agricultural, 12,722 first-class pastoral, bad 1,228 second-class pastoral. On the Yandilla bun, 18,257 acres were selected; 7,395 acres on Peauaraba Run ; and 1,536 acres on the Felton I Oce Warwick friends have, we perceive, deter ?lined on holding their Christmas fiaoea on Tuesday ind Wednesday the 29th and 3O& December. A fceeting was held on Monday last at tie Down* ftotel for the purpose of electing office bearers, Ac. ?r the meeting, when it Was announoed that the» §*?? balance in bind of £16 4a. 6d. A «ubscriptioo ?rt was opened, aod it was decided that a ?nbscrin- Ion of JESosahouldwrtitleany publican to erect a ?mtaapott the count, tbe subscription to be {art ft days before the races., |us-»ir, beiag.tfce Prince of * Wales' Birthday, 'febtok* ind QonrsmeutflffiMpud tteuaiuai VlnUyn^wctstotlwday.bsdviUitheexoeptiea ? » tew fbg^ro fern *M then, tttweived do Ktourotittttautderttara on Saturday ?? apple lie on Ok fat* etltr. Little, xt QawfitOtttfc, m» tfnek bjr the lightning, end «m«l *f the' Aaehei were --inattswi- «m*'te wwttdah rf a» ?oe; but, *»«»ftaWyr*(*e of lkee»iJ'-r«»«- ? bra happ«9«4 1« be in the viciBity. H , ' \W« ireglad toasetW lie Darling Dow« Jockey Club have at lart issued their pregramme for the Hew f«an Baoas «nd that the priies are much bitter than at first antadpated. We trust that the fmbKe will now come forward and1 sapjwrt libmOly the Jockey Club in their endeavours to get opconsigaoduaweueiA for the Christmas Holi day*. WeunderMandth»t»ab»eriptioolistiVia»t once be issued, and we hope to we them well filled. Amom the items of 'estimated income' adopted by the Dalby School of Arts, we notice— ' Enter tainment* by the Dramatic Crab, £40.' Wesnould be happy to learn that Amateur Dramatic dubs ?re, as a rule, so successful in furnishing funds to institutions in distress, but local experience tells another tale. The Oottrier of Saturday contains an advertisement stating that a first-class vessel is about to be laid on at ^Sydney for the conveyance of passenger* and freight to Port Natal or Port Elizabeth. One of the inducements held out to emigrants is that the gold fields are ' only' 760 miles from the capital Bv the Government Gazette of Saturday last, we peroeive that the tender of Mr. J. D. Larkin for building the female ward at Toowoomba gaol has been accepted. The Brisbane Grammar School (Alfred College), of which H.R.H. Prince Alfred laid the foundation stone, has been finished. It will be opened for the reception of scholars at the end of the Christmas Holidays. The whole of the masters have, we be lieve, been appointed. Mr. Harlin, M.A., as was stated some time ago, is to be head master '? Mr. Donald Cameron, M.A., second master ; Mr. Keogh of the National School, Fortitude Valley, assistant master. ? — JSxprees. Thk Maryborough Chronicle has been informed that the operations at the Central Sugar Mills have this season been attended with great success. The production to the end of the season is estimated at 70 tons eugar and 76 hogsheads rum, the former averaging a price of £34 per ton. This is most en couraging, and must l«nd a vast impetus to the development of sugar cultivation and manufacture in the district. / The Schools of Arts at Brisbane and Ipswich are again in 'trouble'. A deputation of members of the former institute waited on the Colonial Secre tary to pray for assistance in their little difficulty ; the proposition that the Government should pur chase the institution, and convert it into a free library and museum, was rather coldly received by Mr. Palmer, and the deputation was dismissed with a ' little counsel and advioe,' and an intimation to call again. The members of the Ipswich Institute have appointed a committee to wait upon the Municipal Council requesting them to apply to the Government for power to borrow money under the Municipal Institutions Act, for the purpose of form ing the School of Aits into a public library. Tun Queensland Timet has been informed that, at a meeting of the Trustees of the Ipswich Gram, mar School, held on the 7th instant, Mr. Macrea, M.A., Edinburgh, was unanimously elected to the office of Mathematical Master, rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr. Harlin. lie is at present Mathematical Master of Geelong College, Victoria. Hie testimonials show that he is not only a pro ficient in mathematics and ancient ulasaics, but also an excellent English and science scholar. In addi tion to his University honors he holds a high car tfHcate of merit as a trained teacher from the ' Committee of Council on Education.' The Prince of Wales Birthday was observed in Ipswich (Bays the Queensland Times) as a general holiday, but there was a great scarcity of public amusements. The weather in the morning was rather close, and the clouds were threatening. There were no excursion railway trains or steam boat trips ; a crickot match, some Volunteer shoot ing at the butts, and a temperance tea-meeting in the evening, were the only public attractions. The perils of journalism have received another exemplification. Our Dalby contemporary of Satur day last contains the following significant informa tion : — The proprietors of this journal were yester day served with notices of an action, instituted in the Supreme Court of Queensland by Mr. Henry Thorn, in which damages are laid at one liwiuaiul pound*. The copies of writ do not specify the particulars of the plaintiff's claim, but we are under the impression that it has reference to a letter, signed 'An Elector,' which was published as an advertisement durinjg the recent election, Mi'. Thorn being the unsuccessful candidate. The Brisbane TattersoU's Club have issued their programme for one day's racing on New Year's Day. There will be four events. The first will be the Tally-Ho Stakes of £40, two miles, over seven hurdleB four feet high ; the second a Hack Hurdle Race of £15, once round the course, over hurdles 3 feet 9 inches high ; the third a Tattersall's Club Handicap of £50, once rauud and a distance ; and the fourth, a Novel Race of £15, onue round the courae. Hurry Scurries will also be run. The entrances for the Handicap close on the 21st Decem ber. At the present season the following remedy for sunstroke may prove invaluable where medical assistance happens to be very distant, and by adher ing to the rules laid down ninty-nine cases out of every hundred (can be relieved : — As soon as the individual is prostrated by heat, eit him up, and lean him against something firm, so that he will not throw himself down in any spasmodic effort, tben commence to pour about one quart of cold water at a time upon the head, and let it run down over the body. Continue to repeat this every one, two, or three minutes until the patient shows signs of recovery. Some kind of spirits should be given, to stimulate the system, as soon as it can be taken. Never letthe patient lay down until he revives. The following in reference to a late distinguished visitor is contained in the Courier of Saturday : — Some tidings have at last come to hand respecting the movements of the accomplished swindler who lately gulled so many, under the assumed name of Count Von Attems. Captain Howe, who was in command of the Hamlet's Ghost, writing from Somerset, on September 29th, tells his wife that he hu left-the vessel, and will shortly be in Brisbane. The Count (?) has set sail for the East Indies. How many of our readers will say bon voyage ! Information of the murder of a native black fellow, known as King Billy, was brought in (says the Courier) on Friday, from the Encliffe Vale Plantation, owned by Mr. Curtis. From the in formation at present supplied, it appears that the murdered black was first hamstrung, and then dis patched with tomahawks and spears. The blacks buried his body about daylight. A few of King Billy's tribe, who were present, made their esoape, threatening to bring more of their friends and take revenge on the murderer*. The deceased was fre quently about the street* of this city. He looked rather old, and used to wear a brass plate, with the name of his tribe engraved on it, on bis breast We are gratified to find that our colonial products sometimes receive their proper estimate, By the Bxprtm of Saturday we team that a vary handsome silver medal has been received by Mr. De≠, Chinese merchant, ?Bdward-rtBeet, a* ? jr-re for his exhibit of manufactnted ten, at the late exhibition of tfae Hunter Biver Agricultural and Horticultural A—xaation. U will be remembered that aome time ago attention was drawn to the excellent quality «t tin tea manufactured by Mr. Deans, and that he was invited by On AtaAciatkm we have iwtmaitmed to forward thea a (ample. Mr. Deaae tnviourijrtentmie tea to the exhibition laid n InrbtMl tmtVtM^tittAamfactBn -was ?I, „ - f— .fciiA ITT- ' nf '„ .' -. ?rTrit t 'til ???finis ? t h. 11. taor- tntarwtuB ttao liwr Sotjh Wales, hb actica *»? taken by Uw-)omaua-iiMer* «f Om aaamle. Tk* faawipaJB .W tk* B*dal tetemd to i* tin i-«ewB«t— *-W«si Jtaillojd Shew. 1MB. Pfo ?total to Obarle* tiewe, baw Brisbam, for excel fent sample At tea grew* a* Brisbane.' W* gather from tin Brisbane papers that a fatal accident took place at One Government 8%, Bris bane, during the thunderstorm on Friday, a man named Thomas Bird taring killed -fay the lighting. It appears the deceased was in the employ of Messrs. William and Peter Barjcpr, who pwn several pouts on the river, amj that, yestettiay the three named were at work on a punt anchored in the river near Breakfast Creek, At about half-oast four o'clock the. lightning wa* very vivid, and Bird, who was at the pump was recommended by his com panions to desist. He did nut do so, however, and, almost immediately after, a more than usually vivid flash came. It must have struck the three, for the two Barken «ay they were felled to the ground insensible. When they came to their senses, they missed Bird, and saw his hat floating on the water. One of them immediately dived for him, but it was some time before the body was discovered. Life was tben totally extinct, and the corpse was quite black. The clothes were torn in several places, and the hat worn by the deceased when picked up was fouud to be split almost clean through, being merely held together by a piece of the front rim. Several hours after the accident, which happened at about four o'clock, the black colour disappeared from the body of deceased, and in its place there was a red patch on the breast, tapering downwards, and end ing in an irregular streak. He was married, and had one child ; his wife lives at South Brisbane. He hail been with the Barker's some time, but his trade was that of a sawyer, which he worked at for several years at Oxley Creek in company with his father and brothers, before joining the Barkers. He was a fine looking man, remakarbly obliging, and well liked. There will be a magisterial inquiry to day. A fide took place at 4 o'clock on Thursday morning, in a large wooden building formerly known as the Bow en Hotel, Tipperary-street, off Bowen Terrace, and occupied by Mr, Hugh Lamph, An alarm was raised by constable Carroll, and shortly afterwards a number of the members of the new Volunteer Fire Brigade, with their engine and ap paratus arrived on the spot. Nothing of the building was saved on account of the BmaU quantity of water obtainable. The brigade used what witter they could procure in preventing the next premises fromcatchingfire. Mr Ltunph'shousewasuot insured ; some furniture was saved from it. The members of the Brigade present were Alderman Beattie, Messrs. Bcrnays, Duubar, Harley, Hayes, Stewart, Rogers, Rose, Lieutenant Vemey, and several others. — Express. The storm on Monday appears to iiave been felt very severely at Ipswich, and was attended with a fatal accident. The Queensland Times of yesterday gives the following particulars : — A shocking catas trophe was caused by the storm in Ipswich yester day afternoon. A little boy named John James Lackey, aged nearly five years, was seated by the fireplace in the kitchen of his parents' house, in West-street, when the electric fluid struck the top of the wooden chimney, scattering it in all direc tions. It thence ran down to the top of the post, at the foot of which the boy was sitting, and struck the poor little fellow on the crown of the head. Passing downward, it cut off a band of hair, about an inch wide, as clean as though it had been shaved, and, passing ronnd the neck to the front of the breast, went down the body and legs into the ground. His sister coming in found her brother lying on bis face, quite dead. The course of the lightning was plainly visible by the discolouration, and in some places the removal, of the skin. The hair and eyebrows were singed, and there was a small cut under the chin, probably caused by the fall ; there was also an extravasation of blood on the top of the head, where the fluid first struck. An inquest was held by the Police Magistrate in the course of the afternoon, when evidence corrobora tive of the above facts was adduced. Drs. Loss berg and Challinor were in attendance Rhortly after the occurrence, but medical aid was of uo avail. Thb Gympie correspondent of the Maryborough Chronicle, writing October 31, says:— The display of Rold in the bank windows to-day, was one of the grandest sights Queenulanders have yet seen in their own colony; Gympie puddings and cakes of the precious ore, confirming prospects of a large escort next week, uud of the rapid development of mining interests on this great gold-Held. The liank of New South Wales, at their new premises on Commie-, sioner's Hill, presented to the gaze of an admiring public, about 5000 ounces of gold, most of which was retorted ore from the New Monkland reef ; the balance being crude specimens from the St. Patrick, The former quantity was comprised in six large pieces, in shape like a double sized sugar loaf ; the latter filled a small tin dish. At the offices of Messrs. Wittkowski Bros., in Farley's Hotel, were to be seen six fine lure of smelted ore, weighing 1225 ounces, from the* crushing of the Caledonia prospectors, and a dishful of nice gold from the same claim. The Joint Stock Bank displayed a large sample from the Golden Bar, which, on Friday, yielded the prospectors twelve pounds weight more of the precious ore, just after their crushing reported to you in my last, had been cleaned up, for 45 ounces to the ton. The patch is a blow from the Nil Desperandum. Pre vious to the last rich find one of the party in the duim had, for his own reasons, sold out one-fourth of his share for £300. 