ADELAIDE. (From our own Correspondent.) / . July 14,1868. 1 here is a real exodus in progress now. The units and tens whose departure was attributed to the operation of our land laws are now being * magnified' into scores and hundreds. The magnetic attractive ness of gold has decided numbers who have been unsettled in their South Australian homes to repair to Queensland and explore the . hidden wealth of Gympie. Should favourable accounts . but come " there will be a rush almost equal to that of 1851 or 1852\. And trnly the diversion has come none too, soon.' The colony is fast falling into a very awkward plight, and a free cir culation of virgin gold will do much to mend matters. For one thing it ought to excite in our legislators a wholesome conviction of the necessity for throwing open the public land* on terms that wili have the effect of encouraging the" successful diggers to settle here. This object can Only be attained by their doing something to counteract the results of liberal legislation on . the land question in other colonies. The great Moonta difficulty, is in the way of being settled and in a very simple way too. After some thousands of pounds have been spent by the claimants in prosecuting, and the holders in resisting the , claim of Mills, friendly overtures have been , made through third parties, and I believe ac cepted, Whother the terms have been absolutely arranged or not I cannot positively I affirm, but the mystery affected by all parties j interested, shows that there is something in the wind, and general rumor does .not hesi tate to throw in the details. It is said the claimants at first asked a payment of £10,000 down and their costs, which,would probably swallow up another four or five thousand, but the opposite party are believed to have brought them to. mucn more reasonable terms. The sum generally mentioned is £8,000; and if so it is a cheap deliverance fcom the worry of protracted litigation, to say nothing .of what might bo the. possible, results." Of course ho one anticipated so long, as there was a technical point to raise that the holders would-reliquish possession, and it would have gone hard with their assailants if they were not actually wearied out of the field. They have; therefore, . acted discreetly in giving the go-by to the patriotic considerations which they professed to be influenced,, by and in choosing the one bird .in hand to the swarm of birds in the bush, which there ,was so remote a prospect of their ensnaring.. ^Surprise is expressed that the lawy^ys stjpgld have assented to a compromise so destrufxtove. to their interests, but I believe the lawyers have scarcely been consulted. It has -been, a sacrifice of principle, f$r the sake of peace, and few would suspect, legal. gentlemen . of counselling such a proceeding. , Mr.. J.' P. Boucaut will,.no doubt, receive a good - deal, .of badgering for deserting his colours, but as: a practical winner he can afford^ to laugh, and there i«t very little likelihood of the - un easy ghost of disputed possession being again raised "when once it has been laid. Probably many " adventurers would gladly.. harass the fortunate holders if they had" the . means of doing so, but it is not every At torney-General that would issue- a fiat authorising the renewal of the suit which-is now to be terminated. The proprietors may rest in quietness, sucking- iri their enormous dividends, and have the additional satisfac tion of seeing, .shares rise in value to the extent of £10 or £20 in a day. Some winegrowers of Adelaide are engaged in industriously taking the wind 'out of the sails of the projectors of the ,monster. Con tinental Wine Company. . A prodpe'ctiis, has been printed, headed by several influential names, informing the, public"that it is in tend ed to launch a new Company on 'Change/its objects being fourfold, "1st, to establish a faetory"for the manufacture and treatment of Australian vrines; 2nd, to purchase grapes, must,- and young wines for the purpose of1 maturing them and producing samples/of a uniform character; 3rd, the importation of such labor from Europe as may be deemed necessary to attain tliese objects;-4th," the carrying on of a distillery in connection with the factory; 5th, the opening up ..and .esta blishment of markets for the products with which it is proposed to deal." This is the very thing that has been long wanted to ensure the proper treatment of our " wines. I We have plenty of persons who can produce the raw material, the. must, but there, are few .possessed of the - requisite experience and skill to enable them to carry through the process of winbrmaking on the' best principles so as to. provide for the market a thoroughly high class article. No tirfie is to, be lost in putting the venture beforethe public and making preparations' for, ,d start,. .' "-.The Kobe troop of Cavalry are; I. see, getting very clamorous for existence;' They seem to appreciate^ Government ingratitude j and to wish to remain longer in the' service. ' The pretence urged by the Government for "disbanding them is that they are far -away from the city and not likely to be of any use even if occasion- for the services df the Volunteers arose." Why that very obvious ground for refusing to enrol them, or for dismissing them previously, has hot- been acted upon I cannot say^ . It certainly; is a grevious evidence of the impecuniosity of the Government that they should be - driven to perform such an ungraceful act as is in volved in decreeing their compulsory retire ment from the Force. I near that ;the memorial of the troops has been sent in to the Chief Secretary; is an butsp(jken document, and i f construed strictly will pro bably give the Cabinet some; justification for the course of procedure they have resolved upon. It is not: exactly submissive lir its tone, iand might, by a prejudiced, critic,' be looked upon as exhibiting a somewhat in suboidinate spirit. " Mr. Ba-bbage has returned from the'South East,after haying spent some weeks x in carefully surveying and taking levels for the projected railway between Lacepede Bay and;INTarracoorte. I have not heard 'the precise direction that the line is to take, but j understand the Ministry are quite ready to submitJheir scheme for this railway to -Parliament when it meets. Of- -course if approved it will necessitate the borrowing of another tolerable sum of: money. In ;the meanwhile Mr. Babbage is occupied in pre paring plans to be laid before-the Legisla^ ture. - . The Revenue arid Expenditure returns for last, quarter show that there is Unfortunately 'too much truth in the Government lamenta-" tion over failing coffers. Tho year 1867;"was not considered a. flourishing one;; but'the ' second quarter in it was able to contribute over £*200,000 to the public finances. . $ius Jyear nearly £50,000 has to subtracted from .that low aggregate, April, May, and June, ^fiotiaving, brought* in a - much largerrrrp« . Veriue than' £150,000. , Unhappily too,$jLe ;expenditure did not 'cprreipqnd -jvfithu.Jlia?.. reduction: arid the balance wniclThas proWd so valuable toneeidy Treasurersis now being ;ifast dissipated, j . . ;a. The other day a trial took place of. a very simple apparatus capable of; .converting salt water into fresh at the rate of fully .two .gallons an hour.... The. whole cost of it does ; not exceed.£5, and yet it includes an iron furnaee or stove, eight, gallon boiler, pipes, tank, and condenser. The process followed is the well-known one of. evaporation, but by a siihplification of the apparatus,-the mater, Mr. A. J.: Baker,. Superintendent of Fire Brigades; lias produced an article which may be turned/to good account in many pastoral districts, where fresh water is a luxury; j in providing a sufficient supply for domestic consumption without entailing any great labour upon the operator. The kangaroo nuisance ia beginning to at tract some interest in town.. The Advertiser has an article upon it and there is general yegret amongst sportsmen that the wild 'country of the South-East is not within an easier distance of Adelaide. TTLB Cheyenne Leader having asserted that j Cheyenne, a city of 7,000 inhabitants, waspro bably the only city in the w«rld free from "rats j the " Salt Lake News" replies that Salt Lake city is twice as large as Cheyenne, and twenty times as old, yet there are no rats there either. These are curious .. facts. A contemporary, however declares that Cheyenne ha9 still the advantage of Salt Lake, since it is not only free from rats, but also from Mormons. Speaking of George III., Erskine remarked that what we call firmness in a king we call obstinacy in a donkey, 