FROM. THE AMERICAN AND PACIFIC ' pafers. . . (From Groville and Co.'s files.) . "the ! American mind still runs strongly on annexation ec tig. Air Miller, Of Pa1., presented a joint resolution to the House, looking to the annexation of British Columbia.and Vancouver's Island.to the United. Statos, It is said that the parties locally interested are largely in accord with the sentiment of annexation— England, however, might 'have something to say in the matter.,,.. . ... ..Ainew indictment, it is considered probable, will be framed against Jeff. Davis ; the grand jury of the U. S. Court at Richmond are still taking testimony in the matter. At Charles Dickens's first reading at Tremont Temple, Boston; after all the tickets were sold, the box office was opened, and no less than 1000 tjekets. for. standing room were sold. In Virginia a curious plot has been dis covered. i - A ghost has been for some time dis turbing the perice of Albemarle, and it has been eventually discovered that the quasi- snpernaturil exhibitions were effeoted by a negi.o by the aid of a magic lsntorn, he having been effiplby fed by one Morris with a view to tfeftifjr the occupants of a certain farm, so that tHey miht teSll to Morris, and clear out. , ' rfmbS Brilm-Salm has beeii liberated by the Miekicans on the intercession of Mir Plumb, tlie U." Si Consul. ; i The opening of the portion already completed of the Union Pacific Railway has effected a considerable reduction in the time Of transit between California and New York ; the mails are now. run through in 16 days, so that allow ing 40 days for the passage from China to Cali fornia, abd nine or . ten from America to Eng land, n Liverpool merchant may have China advices by. letter in 64 days. Airiew international coin has been struck by I the French Government for circulation in France, Amerios, or England, having a cognisable value i in each country, viz., .25 francs, 5 dollars, and 1 sovereign, or 20 shillings respectively. This will teiid to facilitate monetary affairs. I sffjhe trotting season in America closed by a j ffiv' events oh the Union course on December 4. i Rate in harness did two miles and repeat in 5m 45s. Captain did four one mile heat9 har nessed to a waggon in an average of 2m 56s. By a telegram received by the Herald from Jamaica, under date Nov; 12, 1867, some very sensational information ia given — " A new insur rection is feared in retaliation for the punish ments inflicted by the British Government ; neither men, . women, nor children are to be spared. The movement is expected to take place at Christmas.' In Hayti (St. Domingo) insurrectionary troubles against the Government of Salnave still continue. A -malcontent passenger of the Quaker City Mediterranean excursion growls out a jeremiad in the . Weekly . Herald, N.Y., stigmatising the whole affair as a " do." and it- is hardly likely that the experiment will be repeated. The trial of Jeff. Davis has been further post- poned-till 22nd March next, wit): the under standing that if at that time it shall be deemed most advisable the casesb'all be put off till next term. The Herald suggests ironice to Congress the passage of n bill "giving a leave of absence of 20 years to Davis, as the easiest way of settling the difficulty of his trial. Prize-fighting is apparently becoming a po pular institution in America, the sporting papers giving an account of au " issue " of this kind between Sam. Collyer and \Vm. Kelly for 1000 dollars, in which, after 111 rounds, the former was the winner. . In another engagement be tween. Bussy and Duffy, for a like sum, near Chicago, 135 rounds were fought, and Bussy won apparently by virtue of superior powers of endurance. There was a most remarkable meteoric display observed from 2 till 4 a.m. of the 14lh Novem ber in various parts of America ; during about three Hours some 1500 were noticed; Weston, the American pedestrian, is astonish ing the natives, in America by attempting 1226 miles— Irom Portland to Chicago — in 26 secular . days for 10,000 dollars. Seth Wilber Payne has also started to wnlk from Hew York to San Francisco. in 160 duys, a distance of 3300 miles. He .will takfe notes us he goes for publication, as be is an authoT as well as a pedestrian. .A'iMr-' James Vemer, a delegate from the SnilOth' National -Emigration Society of Lon- dorijon Nov. 29, had an interview with the "President, to ask assistance in aid of i'—the" Itfilfe" of the journeymen tailors of London, who bad been ou striko for thff previous seven months. The President pre sented him 'with 50 dollars for tho abovo pur- pose, and in an address to Mr Vomer and his co-delegates gave somo of his early experiences asd tailor, and explained inter alia that the say- \- ing 9. tailors make a man" aroso from an in digent tailor being assisted by nino of his fellow- workmen and evoutuully coming to u high posi tion and wealth. .. . An explosion .of uitro«glyoerine look place at South Berjon, New Jersey, Nov. 24, by which nine men lost. their lives. In Montreal a little French newspaper is pub lished expressly to advocate annexation to the United States. . A circular has been addressed to the R. C. clergy of tho Baltimore diocese, directing the offering of prayer, tho collect Pro Papa, until further notice, and on Sundays, after the late mass, tho litany of the Saints, with five pators and ores for tho safety and. prosperity of the Holy Fathor. In a mixed assembly of Turks and English where a lady of tho latter country happened to bo present, a gentleman, a near relative, was overruled by her in somo undertaking, and ho, turning to tho Paecha next him, observed, " You see how tho ladies com mand us;" to whioh ho replied, with great unction, " I can assure you it is precisely the same with us I" 