OUR EPISCOPAL VISITORS. We had no fewer thau three bishops preaching in Melbourne on Sunday, the Sth November. The Bishop of Lichfiold; preached at St. James's in the forenoon ; Christ Church, South Yarra, in the after noon ; and St. Mary's, Hetham, in the evening. The Bishop of Wellington preached at Trinity Church in the morning, and St. i'etcr's in the evening. The announcement that the former was to preach at St. James's Church drew a. large number to that place of wuiauijj vjii »3uuiiihBv iiiuiuiug. j.jie urywu \v:is-5u large that it was impossible to find accommodation for all in the pews, and the forms which were introduced into the aisles were occupied as fast as they ware deposited. The audience; coiupriiicd representatives of every de nomination, aud in whatever direction one looked might be seen persona who way be briefly described as local notabilities. The secret of tho* attraction manifested on this occasion is not far to seek. Bishop Selwyn is no ordinary man. nor even an ordinary bishop. In his case it is not th« office that h:is given him prestige, but the character of the men who has been called to the office. He earlj- devoted himself to the arduous and obscure work of a missionary amongst savage tribes ; and for six jinn twenty years he has always kept at his post, laboring with a measure of zeal, perseverance and success surpassed by few of the most, famous missionaries either in ancient or modern times. Xor has his work been merely that of a. mis sionary ; for in the constant wars between the natives of New Zealand find the colonists he has acted the part of peace-matter, and to his honor be it said that not seldom has lie exposed himself to the hatred of t'-ie colonists by his earnest pleading for native rights. He is a remarkable man every wav ; equally distin guished for h:s athletic vi^or, his intrfllectu.il 'adapta- bility, and his spirit of philanthropy. As the conj?re g.itioa dispersed a'tcr the service on Sunday, they got together in little knots, and each one had some story to tell illustrative of the physical and mental manli ness of the preacher th'.y liad been to hear. As to the sermon which he preached we have room for nothing but the slightest hint of its purport, lleterringat the outset to some of the mysteries of Divine Providence which occasion .munnerinfr on our part, he thought the most feasible solution of these mysteries was to be f-mnd in the hypothesis that the scheme of Providence contemplated a gradual aud progressive development from a state of imperfection, and that happiness did not consist in the iictual attainment of perfection, but in the hopeful pursuit of it Applying this doctrine to circumstances of apparent failure a-id actual dis appointment, he proceeded to exhort his hearers to maintain confidence, perseverance, and hopefulness in every work which as Christian m*n they had to do in thtf world. The attention of the an ience never, fl.igged for a moment. In the evening his Lordship preached in St Mary's Church. Hotham. which was opsned for the first time since the addition of the new transept and nave. The building which now presents a noble and beautiful appearance in the interior, was quite crowned, aud many persons were unable to ob tain sitting room. There w.is full choral evening ser vice, conducted according to fligh Church ceremonial, the responses being intoned r.ml the prayers read or ciiaunte.i. The collection after, the service amounted to£lS3s3d. The Bishop of Tasmania preached the morning sermon in llichmoud, on the occasion of the celebration of the seventeenth anniversary. The Church was crowded. ' At the afternoon service, the Sunday schools at St. Stephen's. Cremorne, and Buckingham place, were assembled and addressed by the incumbent, and between three and four hundred memorial bouVs were distributed amongst the children. The collections made during the day amounted to £30, and will be devoted to the re duction ot the debt of the church incurred by the restoration of the nave. The Bishop of Tasmania preached in the evening at All Saints' Church, St. Kil.ia. in aid of the Meiaue=ian Mission, and in simple but forcible language impressed upon his hearers ihe ncc-ssilyof regulating their lives in the consciousness that their must secret thoughts .mil actions cannot be hid, but will follow them to the Judgment. His Lordship the Bishop of Liciilield preached again on 9th November. The Church selected was St. ?eter's, and, as was to be eyjitjcted, there was an immense crowd present, not only the pews and aisles being c ammed, but even the doorways, and many had to go away. The Bishop preached from Acts, chap. x. verse 34. ' Theu Veler opened his mouth, and said, ? Of a truth I perceive that God is no respoetor of persons ; but that in every nation he that fearetb. Him and workelh righteousness is accepted of Him.'* The preachers object was evident the moment the text was announced. Iu the course of his evangelical lahors he has too often encountered the unchristian spirit of exclusiveness and^contempt for inferior races not to feel that it is an obstacle in the way, calling for stern rebuke, and he did rebuke it in whatever form it is apt to manifest itself. Two passages in the sermon were specially memorable. Referring to the argument in support of slavery deduced from the in feriority of the African race, lie exclaimed in tones tremulous with emotion : ' And this was the argument used by men whose Anglo-Saxon forefathers, at the yery time when St Peter was taught the lesson that God is no resDector of persons, were regarded as the most abject savages th£t were brought into the Itoman slave m.irljet !' The other :emarkable passage was at the close of the sermon, when, taking up the preva lent notion that the aboriginals of Australia are utterly uncivilisable, and had better bo allowed to die out thau be bothered with attempts' on our part at convert ing them, he denied the iuherentincap^city attributed to them, questioitc'd the inevitableuess of the doom assigned to them, hinted that it was a question, to be left to Providence : .and finally implored his hearers that, just as a mother did not despise her dying child, but rather prayed the rrjore earnestly the nearer its death seemed approaching', so might they never cease to pray and labor for the conversion of the blicks so loug as a single family of the race was left in the land. At the close a collection was made in behal of the Melanesian Mission. The Bishop1 pronounced the benediction, and the large congregation dispersed. rKESENTATION OF ABBKEKSES. A large body of the clergyand laity after the sermon adjourned to the school-room, for the purpose of pre senting a Idresses'to his Lordship The school-room was densely crowded. His Lordship the Bishop was Eddressed by ; the Uev Mr Chase, on behalf of tho clergy. ' ' ' - '' ' ?'?? ?'- ': ' ' ?'??-??'?'?? ?????''- The Rev. J. Potter, of Ballarat, addressing his Lord ship, said: As one of . the xiR-cotuntry clergy, I have 'been requested to expi ess the great regret that is felt by the clergy in the country that they have not had ?an opportunity, owi:.g 10 time'and.circumstauces, of signing the address. VVe feel that you have been tho cause of stirring up our zeal for our Lord and Master, and have inspired ns with, new enthusiasm' for His holy work. We ask your prayers and your blessing. Sir William Stawell (the Chief Justice) then ai vanced, and read the following address on behalf of the laity :— ?' To the Right Reverend George Augustus, Lord Bishop of Lichfield, Metropolitan of New Zea land,— As laymen of the Church of 'England in tha diocese of Melbou+ne, we desire to tike tbe opportu nity given us by your Lordsaip's 3hort stay to avow ?s ? the deep veneration and afTection with which you are regarded by us, in common with the whole Anglican communion. To attempt to approach you with terms of panegyric would be an imptrtinence on onr part ; but when we think of your labors in JS'cw Zealand for many years, of the increase of its episcopate by means of your Lordship's efforts, of your voyages to the islands of the South 'Pacific, and of your origination of a mission in thor.e ' regions bovond you,' we arc ccu 3tr.-.inoil to bless the Giver of all good, who wrought eiTectutilly in him who has been lately styled in the pulpit of hi3 own university ' our Augustine of the South.' Your Lordship's appointment to the see of Lichtield has gladdeneu the hearts of our brethren in England, who, we rejoice to learn, have readily res ponded to your call to them to take part iu c nferences in the diocese over which we pray that you may long preside. We may be permitted to express our hope that an association such as that which your Lords. .ip has so happily inaugurated, may eventually become the rule in every Miocese of our communion, and that the united counsels and exertions ot cergy and laity may tend to the supply 01' what is wanting in our church, and to the strengttieuing of what remains in it. We subscribe ourselvss with great respect, your Lordship's dutiful servants. [About 500 siynai.ure3 were utached.j His Lordship Bishop Selwyn, having received the addresses, replied :— .My dear friends and brethren both of the clergy and laity, there is something pecu liarly touching to my mind iu the manner in which these two addresses have been presented, because they seem so completely, to carry out what has been our endeavor for many years past, viz., to unite the clergy and laity with their bishops in a more cordial coope ration for the I etfr r carrying into effect the work of Christ. This has been the main object of that synodi cal system whicli has been established iu the Austra lian 'colonies and in JSew Zealand. It is the same system whicli the address read by Sir William Stawell states has been carried, out in an. English diocese. There are, in fact, two or three English dioceses in whioh a system of the same kind has been established, and the fact is this, that it has secured to us that benefit from which we have felt the blessed fruits in this country, in the assistance of the faithful laity with the clergy in carrciin; out the work of the Church. From the first day I went to .New Zealand, I had the frank and cordial support of the Jate Chief Justice of New Zealand, Sir William Martin, and you have the assistance of your Cuief Justice, Sir William fetawell, 'and other Judges, laymen in the Church. Another point alluded to in the address, which commends itself deeply to my heart, is. the mention that is made of the Meianesian Hission.-. I do not consider it necessary to commend that work to you for any gi eater interest than you,, feel at present; I have found now deeply ? the characteEof-bishop. J^att-srson has impressed itself ?: on all your minds/ and his loving spirit, his self deuial and his humility are known aud felt by all those who have been brought in contact with him, or who have heird his addresses wherever delivered. I have no doubt that you will continue to support him. and that in the words of the cecoud esson read to-night, you '? will esteem him very highly, and love him for his ' woiks'sake I consider no greater blessing could be granted to any man than to have 'bishop Patterson for ' a coadjutor, liut in speakiug of him I would rather add to his name all those whom God hath given to us in this country since Dishop Broughton's arrival in it. When I first came to Sydney in 1342, Bishop iJroughio'n was the only bishop in th se vast regions. lie stood . alone with a small body of faithful men, whilst now we have to thank God that the diocese over which Bishop Broughton then presided is divided into nine bishop r:cs in Australia and five in New Z aland, besides the Meianesian Mission, making fifteen bishop; united. . The field which twenty-sis years ago was entrusted to ! one man has wonderfully increased, and there has been an increase of the clergy iu like proportion. There are now, I believe, in Victoria IU, and in New Zea- ?? Land. I believe, 105 clergymen, so that the clergy have multiplied twent.yfold by the division of the diocese. ' But when I speak of the number of the cleigy. I feel how deeply I need your prayers when I tell you that j the number of the clergy of till Australia and New j ZealandTanited are not quits equal to my own clergy in the diocese of Lichfield. You will understand why I desire your prayers for the support of God's spirit in the new work which I have undertaken, when I men tion that I have the charge of 900 clergy, of (500 parishes, and a pastorate qf 1.2C0.0u0 souls. I might have shrunk from the duties involved upon me had I been left to my own choice Hut it was placed upoa me by an authority to which I could offer no opposi tion, and laccepted it in the firm reliance that God would give me a arge measure of grace toTenable- me- to perform the work I shall never cease to think of these Australian colonies, and of my diocese of New ' Zealand. I am thankful that I have come among you even for so short a time, to talk with you as friends, so that we may remain united in heart, though separated' by half the circumference of the globe, and offering up our prayers to the same Throne of Grace look for ward to the time vrfien we shall meet together before that Throne, and enter into that kingdom from which there will be no separation, where all will be united one with another, and with that God who has made us one, and He and His Son are one. I beg 'you most affectienately to accept my parting blessing. May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God. and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with us all evermore, Amen.' His Lordship shook hands with several of the clergy and laity, and afterwards withdrew. 