i ??. .? f ADELAIDE. .? ., T j Saturday. Thó English mail stoamor snilod , thia -afternoon; at 3\. Thoro is a steady local - business - hoing - transacted ¡ intho corn markot. Prices romain unchanged, j Honnoui/ruiUT, Snow.-On- Saturday ovoning tho Horticultural exhibition closed, having boen opon sinco Wednesday, and visited by about Hf teen thousand pooplo. Tho whole of tho floral exhibits woro watorod morning and ovoning, and on Snturdny night, whon tho greater portion was removed, thoy still had a healthy appea- ance. Among tho additions; wore sugar boot, by Mr. Jules Joubort, tho first exhibited Tn this colony ; Í also samples of puro salt (chloride of sodium),. exhlbitod by H.. li. Jonkins, Esq. This salt, in lits nativo stato, was found at tho Nepean towors, und having been chemi- cally tested, is pronounced to bo pure. Mr, Patterson, medical botanist, oxhibited PeriBtoria oloatn, or dove flower. Within tho corolla thcro is an exaot represen . tatio'n of a doro : or.hcr, nest. At Peru this is callod the " Holy Ghost plant." Tho harness and saddles ex- hibited hy Mr.' Brookes, and,so much admired,,wore . mndoby.Mr. Hardy, his foreman, wo nio told, lato ot . Aldorson and Sons.. Tho cabbagetree hat presented to Princo.Alfrod weighs only OJ ozs. ?, Tho meat cured by Lang's process altrnotod additional attention oh Saturday. Tho curing of this meat is not effected by freezing, pickling, er boiling, yot Mr. Lang states ho can euro tho carcaso of a bullock, sheep, &a;, in a fow minutes, to keep it fresh and -sweet for years. , Thc Prince's* roso,'; similar- to tho - ono accopted by his , ltoyal Highness, ;wns in great demand, -Mrs. Lothebj receiving olghteonpenco and,two shillings each for thom. 'Tho skdlotonisod lea vos also; by Mrs. Tribe, re- ceived the attention, bf tho fair sex. ' Buring tho oxhibitioh MrvCrIpps suppliod rcfroehmcnts. Taken as a wholo, tho Horticultural Socioty has much, rea- son to bb proud of their tho w. , ' \- THB - ANNivKnsAnv- IIEOATTA.-Tho two.. scullers' ráeos postponed on Anniversary, Hay in. conecqiienco of tho, inclemency pf tho wenihor/-twero appointed to como:'off « on-'Saturday afternoon.1.-.'' Mr. H.' Drivor acted as starter. Tho first raco was- for All Comers pulling a pair-of-sculls in. light, skiffs, to bo. handi- capped by com m i I too. First prize, £10 10a. ; second, £8'8s.' Entrance, ills/ .?'..; ( ' Galatea, 45Iba-It Green -" --' ? ... i 1 ? Tho Barb,,80lbs. J. Bunnett. ...] 2 , Albert, feather-P. Mulhall '.: ' 3 Victoria, G01bs.-W. Hickoy ' Í ' Pat tho'nóv'or, 101bg.-E." O'Connoll Eoso of Oastilo, ölbs.-T. Punch " ' : Tho weather was fine, with a frosh S.E. wind, which turnod up a good sea in tho harbour, nnd rondercd tho liny most favourable for tho heavily handicapped mon. Tho nioh got off on'very equal tormsj ¡ and W. ' Hiókoy shot two or thrco lengths ahead before reaching -Hawes Point. Hore ; Punch - shot up| close to Hickoy, their boats carno in contact, and their seul s roma'ned looked 'until all tho others had'gained a considerable lead. . Tho boats rounded Goat Island as follows i^Grcon, first ; O'Connor, Dunnott, Mulhall Hickoy, and Punch last After rounding tho island, \Dunnott: led Green by about a length, and a splendid race ensued between theso two, and their positions, wcro 'hot altcrod .until' Fort Benison was rounded, whon Green gained first .place after a severo struggle, and won by about six lengths; Dnnnett next. Mulhall a good third, 0 Connor fourth, Hickey fifth. Punch gavo '' up,'> having lost ; all chance 'of the race through tho foul aboyo -mentioned. Tho .next race was for all, amateurs that had -nove-r s'j.rtod in'any rmco, pulling a-pair of sculls in i light skiffs.'_ First prize, £10; second, £3 ; third, £2, Entrance, £lls.:-^- t . ?'' ... ¡ . " . Camooi J. Jackson ?' - ¿.V *. 1 ...I 1 Dolphiri/T. Potsrlick ... - ..! - -ib« ...I 2 . Viotoria,-J.Hill ... ' ? .i. ''' -...j 3 A. fino Hold' of cloven boats stnrlod for this race, and it -was well contested throughout, although seven of them fonlod and lost their qhanco of tho race. Mulhall and Jackson ,took tho lead in tho first part of the race, and tho latter came in tho winner, closely pushed by, 'Potnrliolc; 'Hill third.' Tho rost in-tho following' order:-Simo, ; Boyd, 'Gh¡dgoy¿ Harrison,' MulhUl, Lumsdatno,'Johnson, Scholtz. ¡ .QITY CQONOtr'.-A meeting of Uio City Council will, bb held this day, nt 8 p.m., ati tho Town Hall, Wyn yard-squarey' >. . j Ix BI ninny.-Hichard Wolli,., who, was admitted into tho Infirmary on Thursday, suffering; from inju -rica received by tho kick of a horse died yestorday An inquost will bo held on ' the body to-day. ' Tho. warder from Darlinghurst gaol, wno was admitted .on. Thursday,; suü'erlng-from tho rebound of a bullot on his head, is progressing rapidly. ' - ¡ .E!»onÉ&\--Whonskilled,poople undertake engage- ments for Uie purposo of «musing tho" public, they agree to do ill that is sot down for thom on tho pro- gramme. . They, must dd this. But whon good-natured audionces insist upon having " re-domands,'.' supple- mented by additional matter, thoy commit a mistake. An ontortai oniont of two hours ought not be prolonged boyond that time. 4 Persons living in the suburbs 'aro told that thoir carriages may be ordered for 10 p.rm The carriages aro » in attendance, but pending what is going on, their owners do not like to interrupt , the proceedings by leaving tho room. But they may nevertheless have mode arrangements for doing so at the time annbuncodr in î tho newspapers. To those who cannot afford tho luxury of " n pair of horses," and" whoso homes aro some miles".distant ..from tho city, thc inconvonionco is still groator. Again, those de- termined pooplo who havo mace up their minds to quit a room at a certain hour will not be deterred from doing so by any fear of etiquette. This disturbs all who remain. On nil points, then, lt would bo judioious if people, would bo satisfied with tho si m plo acknow- ledgment of appreciation which a Sydnoy audience is novcr slow of paying to mont, instead of insisting upon somothing hoing done which hoB not bcon ad- vertised to b) performed, That magnificent master of the violin, Si vori, novor, under any pressure of np. plauso, went beyond the 1 programme Sims Bcovos, who understands, tho, rceiallio jrorth of t the profession of which ho is so groat an ornament ."engaged to do a certain amount of work por night for ÍCÜ. Ho told tho gentleman who had engaged his Bervices that if ho had to perform tho work twico ovor, tho cost would be "anothor fifty." It ls needless to say that tho oacoros woro not complied with. Verb. sap. ; PENNY READIHÖS,--The committoe of the Saturday Half-holiday Association gavo anothor of their ox eollont readings In tho Tomporahco Hall,'oh Saturday evoning,, the -Hov. Dr. ¡Wozlr ' Bog, Presbyterian minister. In tho .chair, 'As on former occasions, ,sp on Saturday evening, thc hall'was filled in ovory part, and the programme, whloh was of 'ah ottraotivo oharactor, ombraoing readings, 'recitations,songs, and duéts, was well carried out .- j ' OMOK¿T',MA'ÍOTI' AT*Irita ALOEIIT Gnonkn.-Tho match between tho Aboriginal- foam and tho Army and Navy, .Will-take place to-morrow, under tho patronage 0Í-H.B.U.' Prince 'Alfrod. ,"Tho Galatea Bond will attend.On .Wednesday,' a varioty of sports aro ndvor tlscel . 'AU persons who , received ' invitation from tho committee for ' Tuosdrty 'and ;Wodnosday last aro informed that they may avail themselves of thom for tomorrow ahd tho day fol'o ving.,:, ' .A DisTiieautsrrBD Aanivxr.-If! universal observa- tion can bo considered a test of tho importance of any Individual, wo must consider tho old gontloraan who arrived In Maitland about I o'clock yosterday, drawn in a small cart by a donkey, .to ba a most,prominent mombor of socioty. Tho donkey in question, with tho old man behind it, has mado its way from Sydney, occupying about a;week in tho journey, and the mastor was soon in tho metropolis purveying vegeta- bles. - Hore, howovor, ho appears disposed to jive upon the bounty ot tho Inhabitants,' If wo aro to boliovo tho information gi von us that ho bogged, as ho camodown tho pf^ft; : The «ld- master la a most extraordinary jib c .( a ''itnmlcd humnnlty, nnd sits on his small '^. Vita. .Jo'úíiuóil LAiliaiLuLV/uiiJistLilljiji by tho romuiiii or tim gazo, of, pnasors-by, whilo Noilly looks slcuU, and appears ts havo thrlvon, iiotwlth.itanding lils labour?.-.Maitland Mercury, I'>bmnry 1.' 