? BACK BLOCK SQUATTAGES.—No. 2. (CONCLUSION). THOSE of our readers who have paid any attention to this subject, and have carefully rend our last leader, must hare a tolerably clear notion of the troubles that beset the settlers on the back plains of Riverina. It will be readily understood why this class of settlers are at Buch a disadvantage when compared with the squatters whose runs have good water frontages—the latter being enabled to fence in their country, divide, and subdivide it, until the run itself is comprised of so many paddocks, varying from five to ten thousand acres or more. Tills is a great privilege indeed. First of all, it does away with the expense of shepherding, which is now felt to be a very wasteful way of sheep-farming. There are some advantages, we admit, to be gained in shepherding sheep—the sheep are tamer when^ shepherded — they are more domesticated, and the shepherd can drive his flock of fat sheep to market with almost as much ease as he can drive tli9m to their fold nightly. But these advantages are greatly outweighed by those to be gained by paddocking the sheep ; the latter throw a better and heavier fleece ; they eat up all the grass, and do not tread it down, and so partially render it unfit for use, as do the sheep driven in flocks of 2000 or 3000 ; they do as they like—eat, drink, and sleep, when they like; they are, in fact, more in a 6tate of nature, and do just as nature dictates to them, consequently they are healthier in every sense of the word. And then comes the difference in expense of paddocking sheep and shepherding them, which, in itself, will outweigh all other considerations. The Australian wool-grower, let it be born in mind, has to compete in the English markets with all the other wool-growers in the world. With France and Germany, where they have some of the finest sheep pastures, and where for ages they have been improving their breeds of sheep, until they have the best samples in the world. Ordinary well read men know these thiogs as well as we do. Some of the German sheep- breeders take AS much pains with their sheep as the Arabs do with their horses. In Germany, sheepbreeding has become a science, so that it is difficult to discover ill-bred sheep in that country. The Germans go upon the principle that it costs less to keep a well-bred sheep than it does to keep one of coarse mould, and as a well-bred sheep throws better wool they gain in wool and carcase. Many of the petty princes, before Bismarck committed havoc among them, devoted their bost energies to breeding sheep, and the highest "Vons" in that country did not think it beneath them to eheepfarm, and thereby earn an honest penny. And so in this latter respect we in Australia are following the examples of the Vons of Germany—we have scattered over the broad domain of the saltbush country sons of the English gentry — men educated at Oxford, Cambridge, or Eton, who do not fiud their classical knowledge any disqualification, provided they can keep their position in the physical world, and do a fair amount of work of a light character; " application" being, in the bush of Australia, the best feature in the character of the young pastoral colonist If he has industry, health, sobriety, and ordinary intelligence, he will fight his way ; and if he has a small amount of capital only, and uses it well, the avocation of a back block man has attractions and gains for such as these. If he has not these requirements, better that he never ventured into tho Australian bush. It is not the place for him—here he will go to the wall, for the race is not here at all times to the swift, nor in every case the battle to the strong; yet in no part of the British empire that we know of (and we have seen much of it), arc intemperance, idleness, or either of these vices, so sure to bring down a man, until he ceases to merit even our contempt, as in the Australian bush. Too many instances now pass our memory, of young gentlemen who have fallen from their true position here, until they have become the lowest of the low— have ultimately so levelled themselves as to find life an intolerable burden to them, and then they ended it by their own hands. Now, let us return to the many disadvantages which tho back block man labours under as compared with some of those who compete with him in the wool markets of England. They run about one sheep to four acres, or 25,000 sheep to every 100,000 acres. The Germans, we include North and South Germany, have all kinds of climate for sheepfarming purposes. They can grow heavy coarse fleeces in the north, or very fine fleeces in the south—their shepherds are skilled men, and work at one quarter the wages of the Australian shepherd. The German wool-growers are greatly in advance of us in breeding, and they are not one-sixteenth the distance that we are from London—the great wool market of the world. Now these are heavy odds against the Australian wool-grower in the far interior, where he has to pay £15 per ton, or more, for the carriage of his wool to market, and an equal sum per ton for return stores. And sometimes he cannot get the carriage (which must be paid for in cash), even at this price. This often throws him over a season—his wool is on his hands for six or seven months, during which time he is at heavy expenses; if he has overdrawn at the bank or at his agents, he has heavy interest to pay; in fact, like Sisyphus he has rolled the stone up hill to the very summit, and lie now finds it rolling down again—down, down it goes to the bottom; and in some cases the back block man is crushed by the weight of his troubles. The mortgagee takes possession, and the unfortunate settler disappears from tho scene, like one of Professor Pepper's ghosts on the theatrical stage. We here see what has brought him to the ground ; and we have, on a large scale, an example in the company known as the " Australian Pastoral Investment Co.," at Fort Bourke. If they could have had time they might have recovered their losses from drought and from being unable to send their wool in good time, 1000 or 1500 miles, to the seaport of Melbourne. Money lender. 5 ) are inexorable, and debentures must bo paid, so the great and small squatter share alike—the company with its 200,000 sheep, or the back block man with his 10.000 or 15,000 sheep. Until the Australian wool-grower can reduce his expenses to a minimum, and have peace in his calling—until the Legislature ccases to harrass him with foolish and needless new laws, each worse than its predecessor—his avocation must necessarily be one of great anxiety, great risk, and great toil. The back block men took up their country generally under a fourteen years' lease, which the Government of the day, when the lease ceases, may renew. The Land Act Ogives him certain quasi privileges, which are no privileges at all when looked into. If ho wants to divide his country into paddocks, so that uo sheep need travel more than two miles daily to water (sheep ought not to be compelled to travel more than this distance), he must have water in each paddock, which can be only secured at great cost; in addition to this, in order to secure to himself the benefits of his made waterhole for the sheep, he may buy a certain quantity of the land around it at 20s. per acre, perhaps double its real value; so that the back block man is overweighted in the race, and unless relief be given to him, by empowering him to demand a renewal of his lease at the end of the fourteen years, and in other ways, the inducement to invest in reclaiming the back country is not founded on safe premises. If ho had the right of renewal granted him, he might toil on and eventually surmount his difficulties; but uncertainty hangs over his head in this respect, as indeed it does over the head of the river frontage squatter. The first fourteen years are nearly expired, the back block men are still in difficulties, and the chief of these difficulties wc have pourtrayed. If he could get cheap and regular carriage for his wool to the port of shipment his chief burden would be removed, and nothing but cheaply worked railways can do this. There is arid territory unwatered now in Riverina, equal to keeping thirty millions of sheep, that must remain useless until the hack block squatter supplies, by artificial means, the defects of nature in regard to water supply. It is extent of country that backs up the Australian squatter against his European competitors in the wool market. In addition to this, in order to keep pace with the times, the Government of New South Wales will have to do something mora for him than extraot froin him rent and assessment, giving him nothing in return for it but permission to reclaim the country at his coat until it becomes attractive enough for the cupidity of men who regard the squatters' rented country* as fair game, to be "jumped" as unceremoniously as though ho were an intruder on the soil, and one whom we ought to get rid of at any cost, even at the cost of national honour and good faith. 