LOVE STRONGER THAN DEATH. % - y in the Author of "^TilteMars," "Tins Matrimonial i Chapter III. A.T it be considered that the pursuing ruffian was Horsemonger Jack 6 and not only was there the innate ferocity of his nature to be encountered and dealt withal. He was drunk savagely, madly, unmercifully drunk ! A state of beatitude, indeed, to which he always consigned himself when he had the means; possibly to drown some horrors of guilt and remorse, even in his hardened breast. But it usually rendered him yet more of a wild beast of prey than he was by nature, and ready to devour and destroy. And it scorned the poor child had awakened his drunken are, in consequence of his frightened blind wife at least, the woman he lived with as such laying the blame of her not having worked sufficiently at her basket weaving to procure him some further means of brutish enjoyment he had calculated upon on the harmless child. He had refused, she said, to go out into the cold and gather rushes. And it was between this frenzied ruffian and his tiny victim that my wife throw herself, with the most determined resolution to protect the child from his violence, but whatever danger to herself. Most fortunately, the millan himself was struck with a kind of panic on the appearance of my wife, with her covered-up head, between him and. his prey. He gave a sort of yell of dismay, stopped short, and let his ruthless weapon fall. Perhaps he took her for an apparition of that other most injured young mother; and he continued in a shake and tremble long after Mrs. Diamond had let him discern the realities of the case, by removing her Bknwl, and addressing him in her own tones and accents-in terms, indeed, of the severest womanly reproof and indignation. But he continued seemingly too surprised and alarmed to make any report, beyond a few mumbled excuses against the perverseness and laziness of the cursed little paper. nor did he attempt any opposition when my wife, catching at the words, intimated that, as the child was not this, he could have no right to lander what she intended doing, even if his brutality would not forfeit the nearest right, supposing him to have possessed it. And, taking the affrighted innocent by the hand, she stated her- determination to the scowling Herod of loading it home with her, and, whatever happened else, never allowing it to return to the custody of such a brutal taskmaster, whatever the fellow's position with the parish pauper infants in general might be. She returned, accordingly, with little Willy for it was no other, be sure tripping joyfully by her side, and dancing with happiness at the assurance that he should never be forced back to that place of terror and ill-usage any more. And it may be thought, when I recognised the poor little fellow, and heard some amazing providence described with the most rational and assured calmness the part of the mining able mother of my own dear little one -when I saw my Sernpha herself toddled out to meet us from her slumbers on the chair, throw her tiny arms round the orphan lad's neck, and ask if " dot was her poor little brudder came back again to us from heaven." It may he thought, I say, that I did not refuse the poor thing the shelter and protection my wife demanded of her fond husband for it, even in the name of our common humanity alone, but also in that of the Father of Orphans Himself. I vowed, in fact, that I would rather fight the burly ruffian, man to man, however inferior I wasinthew and bulk, than suffer him to resume his by musical possession and cruelties on that unfortunate little carcass, which we found covered with bruises and wounds ; and not only from his ferocious infliction, but the old woman's also, miscalled the pauper child's nurse. In truth, the whole family seemed to have a special spite against Willy, for I did not hear they ill-treated the other children in the old woman's charge in anything a like degree. And it is probable the little fellow's connection with the tragical event which had proved the ruin of the Deverell dependents, as well as signalised the completion of their worthy patron, gave them an extra sort of bad feeling and recent lessness towards him. I was right in one calculation I made in consequence of this brutality exercised that Horse monger Jock would not dare appeal against my interference to the parish authorities, and endeavor to resume possession of his victim. He dared not challenge the explanations I would assuredly have publicly made, in defence of my own and my wife's conduct, if a parish ever needed any for having an orphan pauper taken off its rates. We had no further trouble on the subject for some time forward and the more I discovered of the loving, active disposition, lively talents, and beauty of the orphan child-which came out wonderfully when my wife, with her own soft bands had given him his first gentle wash- ing, and put him in an impossibly reduced old suit of my painting-room velvets, in my dandy days-the better pleased I was with what she and I had done in his behalf. There was a mysterious interest, besides, with both of b in connection with this child. But neither of us ever for long after I think, again alluded to the circumstances of the visitation each believed to have experienced from the supernatural world on his account, after I had exchanged experiences with Mrs. Diamond. It seemed too sacred and awful a fact to become the subject of household gossip. And when kelly had ascertained for herself as she speedily did the dreadful legend of the lad's maternal orphanage, she seemed more than ever averse to speak on the matter. Only she told me more than once Depend upon it, George, we do not know the whole truth yet, nor have we seen the end of its She was right, and yet the end of it was nowhere apparent at the time, nor any solution of the fearful mystery of the Red Stable made tangible by aught that had occurred. And we were neither enlightened nor molested by any further intercourse with that troubled mother's spirit for a good time after. All seemed going on well, when the circumstance I must next narrate occurred. I should premise that I had had the curiosity to verify some part of Horsemonger Jack's "revelations in our scene together, so far as related to the Flommock family. I learned, from more reliable sources, that Miss Flammock-a young lady of marked intel- ectual ability and accomplishments re "married to now near her twenty-ninth year, with her father, on account of her attachment to Captain Deverell 2 a person whose union with her he had disapproved to the extent of declar- ing his intention to disinherit her if she carried it out. During the captain's exile of seven years, Miss Hammock had remained true to her early affection and engagement. But the rascally jockey had truly stated that Sir John Flam mock's ill health rendered it likely he would not long remain an obstacle to the lovers' wishes j but he was supposed to be gradually yielding to his daughter's devotion to a suitor whom the most partial spoke of as unworthy in all respects but personal beauty of the noble-minded woman. It was destined that I should myself be convinced of the unalterable character of this senti- inout towards its undeserving object, supposing that only true which was certainly and publicly established against the handsome and ruined turf gambler of Deverell Ward. One day, when I was busy brightening to a yet more formidable glare the lurid reflection of the armour of my William the Conqueror, in any " Battle of Hastings, with the sunset of the memorable day, typical of the fortunes of Saxon England, upon it, old Claymore came to me from the house, with a statement that a lady on horseback, but without a groom, had called there, and desired to see me. She had declined an offer to go into the house, and wait while I was sent for saying her business was with the gentleman, who, she was given to understand, was an eminent artist, and with him alone. I came at once, and, as I approached the lady, received very clearly that she was one of distinction of a very tall person, but with indifferent features, cast in too large and strong a mould for a woman, and very sallow, und darkened in the line as if by effects of correcting anxiety. And over all was spread an expression of languor and weariness, which seemed to have taken from her either the will or power to sit upright in the saddle. I do not know how it was, but before he had in the least let fall anything that could declare the fact, I said to myself, " This is Miss Ham- mock." She was, indeed, a good while before she mentioned her name, merely stating in a complimentary manner that, having heard of my abilities as on artist, who desired exceedingly for me to do her the favor to paint a life-size portrait of her exactly as I saw her then, on horseback, and in a riding habit. " It is for a person," she added, with a faint blush, " who is very fond of horses-most particularly so, in foot-and will like best to see me in that way. Not my father I am Miss Platnmock, of Flanimock Hall-but another dear friend ; and as I am specially desirous to surprise him with the gift, I trust I can depend upon you, Mr. Diamond, to keep my intentions and their execution a secret until I-until we until I shall myself give you leave to declare the fact." I was interested in the unhappy lady's appearance, and pleased by her courteous manner, which seemed to ask a favor in conferring one. But I had a suspicion whom the portrait was meant for, and did not like that, nor the clandestine style of proceed- ing marked out. However, when I politely though coldly, I fancy expressed my acquiescence, Miss Elammock took me at once upon my word, and seemed desirous to lose no time whatever. " If you have canvas to begin a sketch of me, pray let us begin at once to- day," she said. " The friend to whom I wish to forward the work complains terribly how long it is since he has seen me, and will have it. He must have some refresher for his memory or he learns wholly to forget me. I have not an hour to spare for the purpose. My father is better to-day, and has gone out to visit one of his farms in his carriage. I am only to meet him at five, at Deverell toll-bar, where I can easily ride smartly in half an hour." I made no objection, and assuring her that she had no occasion to dismount, or make any alteration in her picturesque riding dress, with its black velvet hat and scarlet feather, but could ride into my extensive studio, and take up a position there for the sketch, I pointed out the way, and preceded by a few short steps to open the Red. Stable door wider than was, of course, necessary for my own movements in and out. But while I was completing this arrangement, I suddenly heard a great clattering on the stones of the precinct, and, looking back, I perceived that Miss Elaroraoek's horse was rearing wildly, snorting, and glaring, with its large eyes dilated to twice their proper size, before it. In fact, such a picture of terror and refusal in the view of some terrible object that at once struck upon me the conviction how unapproachable nature excels art, in the contrast of the frenzy and horror of the attitude at once assumed by this living, frighted creature, and that which I had so laboriously worked out upon my canvas. And the restlessness continued to such an extent that, perfect horsewoman as she evidently was, Miss Flammock appeared to me in no little danger of being unseated by her animal's desperate plunges and efforts not to respond to her impulse forward into the Red Stable. A struggle, indeed, commenced, of which I was for some time a really anxious and alarmed spectator, especially as the young lady's temper seemed roused, and she applied the whip rather unsparingly to her steed's smarting flanks. Still, without effecting the object. It went through every variety of manoeuvre of which a well-bred and well-trained creature of the kind is capable rather than obey. But Miss Flnm mock was equally obstinate. " Don't be alarmed for me, Mr. Diamond I never knew Gentle Dick, as I call him, so per- verse before. But I must get the better of him, or we shall never get him into the place at all and I can't be painted, I suppose, in the open air, she said, resolutely. But, on a sudden, I noticed that she herself gave over the struggle, and stared, with an astonished look, over the tossing neck and mane of her steed. "Dear me, Mr. Diamond !" she then exclaimed, in an offended and much surprised accent, " what can be the meaning of such antics as those that young woman yonder in the shadow is playing, and which are frightening the brute from his obedience the young woman in the tattered red cloak, with tbatdreadfully bloodless face, who keeps waving us back like a mad creature from the horse- box there !" I was struck dumb for a moment. Then I answered, unadvisedly, perhaps, but, in my con- sternation, hardly knowing what I said " Upon my honor, madam, there is no living creature within this place with me 5 and, if you see anything, it is the justly-irritated apparition of the unhappy female who was murdered by At to! the see In pot yOB, who was murdered, I do verily believe in the foulest and most barbarous manner possible, in this building, though pretended by the agency of a brute like the one you cannot force now to cross this unhallowed threshold, either by coaxing or whip." Before I had well uttered these words, I re ported them. I saw that Miss Flainniook turned of a deadly paleness. "You, also, then," she said, with passionate disdain in her tones, " share the unjust suspicions of my prejudiced father, and the scandal of the low, knavish wretches about here, whom the Dorerells have always been obliged to coerce roughly into some decency of behaviour, and abstaining from downright open pillage of the Crown. I am sorry I have troubled you at all, therefore, but will not repeat my offer." She drew the ruin to turn her now very willing steed's head, when I saw her put her hand to her own in a dizzy manner, and shudder and bond backward in the saddle as if falling over. Of course, I sprang forward, and gave what assistance was in my power I and, as Miss Elam mock still continued ill, and complained of increasing giddiness, I insisted on her going to the house, and alighting, to partake of of some refreshment. I believe she was too much confused and stricken in her own mind to make the refusal who otherwise might, and allowed me to lead the horse, and prop hor occasionally until we reached the gate of the house. By that time, my wife, hearing something from one of the maidservants, came out, and anxiously shared my efforts to be of service in the restoration of my visitor to her composure. Wo prevailed upon Miss FlanimooV, but, I believe, rather from her own consciousness of inability to proceed than anything else, to alight and enter the house. But the very first use she made of some return of a feeling of the situation, under the influence of according administered, was to burst into tears, and make an appeal to the kind, ministering follow-woman beside her, against what she declared to be the hardness and injustice of a stranger against one of the noblest, though most unfortunate and persecuted of men. And hurriedly describing our scene at the Maria-Martin stabling, demanded, soothingly, of my wife, whether I had not made a most ungentlemanly and unkind some jest of her, pretending that a miserable tramp girl, who, Bho supposed, was Billing to me as a model for some artistic purpose, was the phantom of an unfortunate, whose doplor able oud had years before brought so much unmerited obloquy on Captain Deverell and all about him Gentle as she was by nature and habit, my wife had a good deal of firmness also. Possibly she was not pleased at the disparaging question as regarded me. She answered, therefore, by an observation to the effect that, if Miss Flam stock had seen anything of the kind she mentioned, it must have been the spirit of war in juries and barbarously-maltreated young men turn, whatever else she might be, and which could not rest, nor ever would until her cruel murder was avenged, and her child, it might be, reinstated in its just rights and position. " What child ? What do you mean ? Is this a lunatic asylum, and are you all mad people here?" Miss Flannnook inquired, as wildly as if she was herself entitled to a strait-jacket among us, in that case. But, precisely as she put the question, the two children who had been out in the forest gathering blackberries, to amuse themselves, and compose the staple of a much-relished paid- ding-entered, with their arms round each other's necks, and the little boy carrying a basketful of the fruit, eagerly stretched out for his mammy's notice, So now he called Se rnpha'B mother his mother too! He was wonderfully improved in health and appearance, beautiful child as he had always been. But the moment Miss Flammock cast eyes upon him, she shrieked aloud " Good heaven ! what is this It is Dovo roll's very picture-his imago with the exception of the black eyes ! Who can it be ?" " It is the murderer's son I do not doubt it now at all!" exclaimed my wife. "I am satisfied now, please or displease whom it may, that the poor young creature the mother of this hapless orphan- met her barbarous fate, if not by Captain Dovoroll's contrivance, by his connivance or appointment, that he might marry a wealthy heiress, and repair the fortunes his prodigality had wasted with her gold." " If this child is that woman's infant, my father has been right all along in his hateful imputations, and Deverell is the most savage of assassins, unworthy of any human woman's regard !" shrieked Miss Flammock. And, rushing forward, She seized the boy with such violence and ferocity, as it were, of examination, that he wrenched himself away with more strength than seemed possible in so small a frame, and fled to my wife, screaming and crying for refuge. She covered him with her arms, and Scrapha was at his side in an instant, shrieking to papa to save them both from the wicked lady who was trying to hurt her Willy dear. Even then she seemed not able to separate her childish destinies from the boy's. But Miss Flammock had by this time gained some composure, though she listened with a species of stupefaction rather than attention to the narrative my wife now thought it proper to make of the story of little Willy, so far as she herself or I were aware of it and all the time I saw that she furtively, but with the most de- vouring scrutiny, examined the child's face and figure in the minutest details. " Except the eyes except the large, black, liquid eyes he is Deverell's exact likeness and copy to every camel's hair stroke!" we heard her murmur at last, after a considerable pause of silence had awaited her comment on the revelations made. " Those, I suppose-the eyes-are his wretched-yes, his murdered mistress' murdered to make me a wretched wife ! I am convinced, if only by the dreadful vision I have myself seen to-day ; and thus I tear him from my heart and memory together !" And she made a violent gesture, as if having some heavy weight from her cheat; but at the same moment the unhappy lady sunk in a swoon on the floor. When she recovered from it, she seemed, however, to recover, in some marvellous manner, the firmness and obstinacy of character which had hitherto supported her against her father's wishes, and, possibly, the convictions of her own powerful mind. She demanded to see the child again, whom my wife had prudently, as I thought removed from the room ; and this time behaved to it with a careBBing gentleness that speedily won upon the affectionate and I- generous nature of the little fellow. og leav prêt best with the ron lea ml vic who ii of her as to the Bu ngr me in for de mc Bu It A "111 have two mamma, and so shall 'Aplin'" he exclaimed, in delight "I ought to have two mammas, to make up for the one that was killed by the wild horse ' Whenever I see her, she seems to smile, and say I shall, but I have not seen her for a long time now Ever since now mamma was so good to me " " Yes dear boy, I will be his second mamma Yes, Ahs Diamond, you must let me share your holy deed," Miss riammock said adding softly to herself, "I shall never be a mother now, unless to this poor orphan boy I will do all I can to l pm the mischief my wealth has already wrought the poor lad, Mis Diamond, with my wealth itself, when I have it in my power And, alas! I fear I did not regret the con taint) that it soon will be so much this mornings I now do Poorfnthor' at whatever ofsonownud watchfulness have you presented me from a murderer's arms' Continue the mother you have hitherto been to him, dear, kind Airs Diamond God will reward you, if nothing else does I did not believe the story I thought it was as I was told is the villain, Horsemonger Jack, swore to me and that the woman was an acquaintance of his own only I did not 01 on know the poor victim's infant survived, but for his barbarous father, I denounce him for over, and now '" She rose with dignity, and looked solemnly upwards, as she uttered the words, and upon my sacred truth, I did most distinctly hear at the moment, a sound like a long, melancholy front of music from an Eolian harp from the Red Stables to my ears ' Shortly afterwards, Miss Flammook took her departure, again on horseback, refusing all the conduct, and assuring us she was quite well as before, and would speedily pay us and our pretty little ones a visit again. It was the case, I have no doubt, that from that time she broke off all correspondence with Captain Deverell, and that needy unddospoiato profligate, who imagined himself on the point of real loving all he had lost, in a pecuniary sense, by the death of his enthralled lioness' progenitor, was forced to the conclusion that something g had occurred to make his hopes / as illusory At the same time, he might reasonably ap gathered that his demands for explanation never reached Miss Flnminock-wore intercepted or that the usual channel of communication, Horsemonger Jack, and at last sold him to the father, in consequence of the failure of funds which followed, when Miss Flaminock no longer devoted all her private resources to his early mont Whatever the results, he determined to return to England, at every risk to his personal safety from his creditors, and ascertain what he had to fern It was to this resolution was adopted, I suppose, for a a visit I received, just as I was putting the last touches on my great picture of the " Battle of Hastings," and consider the best means of conveying it to London for exhibition at the Academy It was the nightfall of a windy, wet Milich day, in the spring following my arrival at Doio rell Lodge, when two persons presented themselves, under old Clnymoro's convey, in my studio Like Miss Flummock, they had refused to enter the house, and desired an interview with the " artist gentleman " alone But they had the civility to wait while the old soldier brought-up word of their request, and I gave orders for their admission One was a remarkably tall and elegantly made young man-" aristocratic," as the phrase runs, even to excess, in tlioiofinomont and grace of his appearance and manners But a moment's consideration dissipated the first favor able impression The originally extremely handsome face was so deeply marked by the traces of evil passions and dissipation to a degree, indeed, that involuntarily compelled me, in my own mind, to liken him to one of Milton's fallen angels The other who came with him, and whose odious physiognomy looked deni linn deemed in every sense, was Horsemonger Jack Nor did I think his appearance at all improved by having changed his coarse country clothes for a misfitting gloom's lorry , evidently all second hand I know Captain Deverell at once by his like ness to his boy, and I did not give him time to explain who he was before I pronounced the name, with a cold expression of my wish to know what had procured me the honor with a peculiar stress on the word-of the visit ' He smiled bitterly, and folded his arms over a cloak he wore, as I thought at the time, to steady himself under some strong emotion And I could see that his eyes peered forward into the gloom over the fatal stall of Hell In re Dick, with a fearful and yet earnestly anxious pryinguess of observation But he replied, with seeming sang-froid I am obliged to you for the expression, Mr Diamond There are not so many people in this part of the country as there were once who deem the visit of a Deverell an honor But you are no stranger, I am aware, to most of the particulars of my unhappy fortunes Still, I confess I should feel much gratified to ascertain how you came so readily to know mc, who am become, as it were, a stranger in the house of my ancestors ?" " from the likeness of the boy, you know, sir I told you all about it, how the painting gentleman took him away from me, and would have it the child was yours and Miss Nora Clare's ' But it's my belief the ghost told him all about it said the trainer, in a curiously affrighted and panic stricken way , but anxious probably to get before me in an explanation of the means by which I knew so much as I did j "The ghost' Surely a man of the world, and a man acquainted with the laws of human existence like Mr Diamond, cannot give credit to the superstitions of peasants and clod hoppers '" said Captain Deverell, smiling scornfully "There are laws, I firmly believe, Mr Dee roll," I answered, " above mere material regulations and experiences For example, smile as you will, but I conscientiously believe I have seen the spurt of the injured woman who perished so terribly in this very enclosure ' But the direct information I may see occasion to let you know I am in possession of I derive from the lips of the horrid ruffian who stands beside you I said, in my turn " Me, sir '-mc, Mr Diamond ' How can you say so'" yelled the fellow, in reply. "I thought this scoundrel was playing me false I have thought be for a long time, but if I once discover--" A terrific gleam lighted in the young man's eye, and he seemed to glide from the topic, nd and bro read as t of a Dm ous Iti tor -] and the six the Big STV ] por yo qu IS M wi hu of saving his threat unfinished, but evidently im- ' pressed upon the cowed and trembling wretch beside him while Captain Deverell continued, with an easy gracefulness and courtesy that for the moment imposed upon me also " It is very true, sir, that a poor silly young creature, who had been very dear to me when I was a young madman, at the outset of life, and removed freinds! good advice and control, did leave her poverty stricken home and parentage in Ireland would follow me over here, with a view to man all my prospects with a woman whose personal appearance was by no means of 11 reassuring character against the insinuations of her relations, who pretended I only sought her for her money And I do not progress to a man of the world, whom I can have no interest to deceive like yourself, Mr Diamond-but that there was good reason for the suspicion But I did not wish of coma, to furnish proofs against myself, and, therefore, I was, with much reluctance, driven to older my beautiful mistress to leave me at liberty to pursue in fortune I was even, I admit, driven to utter despair and desperate by the failure of a means of policy on which I find staked my all But upon my honor as a gentleman, I decline I take it upon my salvation, since you look so incredulous of that association, Mr Diamond -I had nothing whatever to do with placing her in the position whole she came by) her accidental, but truly terrible death What do you mean, sir, by mooklin' me with that gionnP Do you doubt the word of a gentleman ?" he broke off, in a i ago " It was no expression either of assent or an) other feeling on my part, Mr Deverell," I replied, feeling my) own heart set off boating ion fast "I uttered no sound whatever?" "No, scene, captain, its sho at it again' You remember what I told you about herman ing her appearance to the child, and-and the horse to mop ' said the jockey), who looked round, and whose teeth chairs rod with fear "And that's one of the reasons Whylie got you to come and talk to the good gentleman here yourself, and get him to see things Jonson able like and give us time to take the body up and give it Christian burial at last I'll never rest till then depend upon it, su, of lemon oil tormenting all concerned And you know sir, how I liinicrinonstritid with you before I could make up my mind and the thatched I full bearing creature into the stable, where you pretended to have hidden her out of sight of a | roaring company you expected from the laces, not to shame Your wife and the mother of your only child, until you could make up Clings to acknowledge him and him properly ' But I ow ii I am who was there, myownwi etched blind creature that now is told me it all as soon as I came in, and how sho had Been j on lighting the poor, fool Bore, broken hearted, but always loving and faithful young el endure, to the place And I let the key tall twice and you picked it and put it in my hand twice again and gave me a bumper of brandy neat-before I could make up my mind to it So I say, and would before all the judges and juries in the land, it was more you than me a hundred times that did it But I don't believe it, even that that troubles him so much, and won't let her hand rest, for, in course, what she considera- the lunch at measure) of all is to be buried under a heap of cobblestones in a stable, with the murderous brute that bIow'iI horrors of the way of the crowner's 'quest, and Sir John Flammook his inquiries to put his daughter up to the truth I saw where this betraying accomplice wife looking with, all the might of his story, yellow, bloodshot eyes "Do not concern yourself any more on this point, Mr- I have never heard your real name , but trust to see you hang by your truly called nick one before I have done with you," I Bald, with a really supernatural effort at calmness while Captain Deverell BOcmcl literal]) petrified by the revelation "If the body of that unfortunate betrayed woman is buried under the stones there, with the cm non you speak of, I will speedily do what in me lies to quiet her perturbed spirit by removal to a more hallowed grave " " cowardly scoundrel ' you will nobly deserve the tallows indeed' ' exclaimed Captain Dover oil, i dallying with a great effort " And, meanwhile, you have ruined yourself as well as me for it is plain this man you have revealed all to is my enemy, and will make his market with Sir John Hammock with the papers that were buried with her also in the little iron easket who brought them in, which proves that Nora Clare was in reality in) wife Her parentage all that is necessary to prove motto prove me -what would these (honoraries not prove mc traitor? and and yourself' " Good sakes, sir, don't make such a rumpus' What does it matter now whether she was your wife or not And don't you come prepared to make an order that no man in his senses no man that is not over well oil in his circumstances himself and w huts a painter clasp ? could dream of refusing' Mr Diamond, I promised I'd stand your friend, and I've pic- vailed on the captain to go snacks, to the tune of ten thousand pounds even, with you, if you will hide off you know, and all the ghost has revealed and give me the child to smuggle over to foreign ports for ever out of the way and stand master's friend, with the conveniences of the house here, which is his own property, to carry out his courtship with Miss 1 hammock, now the old squire is drawing so fast to the end of his reign and tyranny!" said the meditating power, stepping back, though, from the glance that fell upon him from my eyes " Rascal ' But I did intend-I do intend, Mr Diamond-to make you any offer within the bounds of reason, that will leave me, I may say, any fair margin to recover ra) self from the utter poverty and degradation into which I find myself plunged For I must confess I am driven also from the Continent by some unhappy follies I have committed there " Deverell now resumed, putting a strong curb, I could easily Bee, on his haughty and useful temper, and taking the course pointed out to him by Ina menial "I have no other resource, though I do not scruple to avow that I shall have to overcome a strong personal repugnance to the arrangement which, whoever sees Miss Flammock must appreciate Why, again, do you sigh, like a broken hearted woman, Mr Diamond '" "You seem to know the sound, Mr Deverell, but I cannot congratulate you on you knowledge Look you here, sir I replied, indicating my revolver by a gesture, " I will rather discharge every barrel of this pistol into different parts of my body, ending with the brain, than consent to become the accomplice of the vilest assassin the world has ever seen or heard of, in his almost equally nefarious designs on the person T Indi mug who oft will that I had left self the get rush nig jot that and fortune of one of the best and most honorable of ladies Who is well aware, also, of the reasons there are to look upon you, at all events, as the most perfidious of seducers and betrayers of female innocence in the world '" "There, at least, you are mistaken, Mr. Diamond If it is the only manly and generous act of my career, I married Nora Claro It is true she would on no other terms consent to be mine, and I loved her to distil action once -I love her still, of this undying remorse and anguish would not be gnawing at my heart, though it does not take the form of vulgar superstition I see no ghosts, nevertheless, that mangled form is never absent from my sight '" Deverell now exclaimed, with a convulsive shudder But he speedily regained his habitual self possession " Let me now renew the offer I make for your assistants, sir, and it is very little I do quno Simply the shelter of this roof, which is rightfully mine, to obtain an actor now with Miss Hummock I know she cannot see me without my resuming the empire I have always had over her affections, with a glance, in spite of all the fathers in the world' I shall be restored her inheritance the moment it lapses to her, and her father is most assuredly dying non ' ' " He is dead! and the interview you demand can be had now at once, upon this blood-stained floor '" said an awful voice at this moment, which had hitherto taken no share in the col- today And, in truth, Miss Flammock, who had been enabled for the first time for months, by her father's lolcaBo from suffering, to come out, and had yielded to her strong desire to see the child of her barbarous lover again, but had concealed himself behind my great battle canvas on hearing stringers announced-Miss Ham mock made her unlooked-for and truly crushing have gone on the scene " " He is dead, and his daughter is here, Mark Deverell' to tell you with her own lips, nine you will not believe in her words at a distance, that she has renounced for ever from the bottom of her heart, and in that author's dying ear, who blessed her for it as he died, the felonious and unnatural slayer of his wife, and the mother of his only lawful child !" It would be impossible for pen and pencil to do justice to the honor of retribution Msiblo m Doioiolls handsome, but fiendish, visage as the ruinous decree was pronounced " I am an utter and hopeless bogged, then he shrieked, gnashing his teeth, " and must ex parte the madness to which I was driven by a losing all my crimes were perpetrated to gaunt Be it so I accept my full ' Nora, sentences you glaring so whitely at me from your unhallowed grave, your vengeance shall be accom- plished fully accomplished he reiterated, with gi Hiding fury and despair in everyone and, making a sudden dm tat my revolver before I could make any effort alprovontioii Returned round on Horsemonger Jack, shattered his un shapely skull with a bullet, put the weapon to his own, and committed murder and suicide almost in a breath He had however, still power to stagger forward to Ihn filial horse stall where he fell dead with a groan , which I knew not whether li was all his own, or the mangled clay beneath gave that last utterance of grief and anguish over the n revocable deed Old Cluymoio afterwards averred he heard the sad ill yell of a horse, as if in triumph and joy, when the first shot misfired, happening to have remained at hand, not much relishing two strangers with his master in that remote spot But I heard it not Perhaps it was but his fancy T ) 4 a * * * All this occurred so many y caps so, that it is possible I may be mistaken, or exaggerate in some of the minor details But of the main facts them is not, and there cannot be, the shadow of a doubt. No one can dispute, at all events, what all the newspapers reported at the time, that the desire torment of the body of a young female flour a stable in Hampshire, where she had been foully murdered, actually took place. As for the minor and suicide the Dovorclls were reported subject to paroxysms of madness, and no one was surprised at the captain's explosion of wrath with his trainer, and the net of self destruction after it And how can the other particulars to gum say ed when at this moment the bel 1b are ringing to announce the min rings of my daughter, Scinplia, with the hen of that ancient race, whose legitimate bath has been established, and position more than justified by the bequest of Miss rinmmock, of Flununock Hall, who adopted him for her own child, and dying unmarried, left the bulk of her property to the bone of her who had been so cruelly required on her account, and whose love for him had proved " Stronger than Death lip whose religion is ever on his lips has Beldam any of that valuable treasure in his heart, it keeps watch, like a liveried porter at his door, but there is nobody at home, and there is nothing to steal, if it were well lodged in his soul he would not be be afraid of its escape Ho who vouches for his own truthfulness by an oath will tell a lie the next moment without a blush Death and Sifpi -In brotherly embrace walked the Angel of Shop and the Angel of Death upon the earth It was evening They find themselves down upon a hill not far from the dwellings of men A melancholy silence prevailed around, and the chimes of the evening bell in the distance ceased Still and silent as was their custom, at these two beneficent agent of the human race, their arms entwined with cordial familiarity, and soon the shades of night gathered around them Then arose the Angel of Sleep from his moss grown couch, and strewed with a gentle hand the invisible grains of slumber the evening breeze wafted them to the quiet dwelling of the tired husbandman, enfolding m Sweet sleep the inmates of the rural cottage, from the old man on the stuff down to the infant in the cradle the sick forgot their pain, the mourners their grief, the poor their car of All eyes closed His task accomplished, the benevolent angel of Sleep laid himself again by the side of his grave brother " When Aurora awakes," exclaimed he, with innocent joy, "men praise me as their friend and benefactor Oh, what happiness, secretly and unseen to confer such benefits ' How blessed are we to be the invisible messengers of the Good Spirits ' How beautiful is our silent calling '" So spake the friendly Angel of Slumber The Angel of Death Bat with still deeper melancholy on his brow, and tears. such as mortals shed, appeared in his large dark eyes "Alas'" said he, "I may not, like thee, rejoice in the cheerful thanks of mankind they call me, upon the earth their enemy and joy killer " ' Oh, my brother, replied the gentle Angel of Slumber, " and will not the good man, at his awakening, recognize in thee his friend and benefactor, and gratefully bless thee in his joy' Are we not brothers, and ministers of one Father?" As he spake the I eyes of the Death Angel beamed with pleasure, and again did the two friendly game embrace w each other. 