"WH, ULADSTONB'S Sl'BKOH. THE great debate on Mr. Gladstone's motion for a committee to consider the Acts relating to the Established Church in Ireland, commenced on the 30th March. We give from the Times the report of the proceedings prior to the opening of the debate, and the address of the right hon. gentleman. In a future issue we purpose giving Lord Stanley's speech on moving his amendment. On the motion of Mr. Disraeli, the order, of the day were postponed until after the notice of motion relative to the Established Church (Ireland). Mr. Gladstone : I move, Sir, that the Acts relating to the Established Church (Ireland) be now read. The Clerk then read the titles of several Acts. Colonel S. Knox moved that the 5th Article of the Act of Union be r. ad. (Cheers.) The Clerk then read the following Article : "That it be the fifth Article of Union that the Churches of England and Ireland, as now by law established, be united into one Protestant Episcopal Church, to be called the United Church of England and Ireland; and that the doctrine, worship, discipline, and government of the said United Church, shall be and shall remain in full force for ever (loud cheers) as the same are now by law established for the Church of England; and that the continuance and preservation of the said United Church, as the Established Church of England and Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be an essential and fundamental part of the Union-(cheers)-and that in like manner the doctrine, worship, discipline, and government of the Church of Scotland shall remain and be preserved as the same are now established by law, and by the Acts for the Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland." (Cheers.) Mr. H. E. Suiteee moved that the Clerk read that portion of the Act of William and Mary that now applied to the coronation oath of her Majesty, The Clerk read the following formula prescribed for use on such occasions by the Act referred to " Archbishop : Will you solemnly promise and swear to govern the people of this United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the dominions thereto belonging, according to the statutes in Parliament agreed on and the respective laws and customs of the same? " Queen : I solemnly promise so to do. " Archbishop ; Will you to your power cause law and justice in mercy to be executed in all your judgments r " Queen ; I will. " Archbishop : Will you to fks utmost of your power maintain the laws of God, the true profession of the Gospel, and the Protestant reformed religion established by law, and will you maintain and preserve inviolably the settlement of the United Church, of England and Ireland, and the doctrine, worship, discipline, and government thereof, as by law established within England and Ireland, and the territories thereunto belonging ? And will you preserve unto the bishops and clergy of England and Ireland, and to the Churches there committed to their charge, all such rights and privileges as by law do or shall ap- pertain to them or any of them ? (Cheers.) " Queen : All this I promise to do. " Then the Queen, taking the coronation oath, would say these words :-' The things which I have here before promised I will perform and keep. So help me God.' " Mr. Gladstone, who was received with loud cheer- ing, said I now rise, Sir, to move that this House will immediately resolve itself into a committee to consider the said Acts-that is to say, the Acts relat- ing to the Established Church in Ireland and I CBnnot for a moment regret that the gentlemen who have just interposed motions, accepted as matter of course by the House, should by the passages they have caused to be read from the existing laws of this country have reminded us upon how solemn a duty we are LOW about to enter. (Cheers.) I likewise construe those motions as implying that there are in this House men who intend to meet the plain, the broad, and intelligible propositions which I ask the House to accept by other propositions equally plain, broad, and intelligible (cheers), and that the great controversy, and solemn controversy, for such it is, in which we are about to engage, is not to be degraded into a warfare of trick and con- trivance (cheers and counter cheers), but it is to be conducted on the other side of the House, as well at on this, in a spirit which befits the magnitude of the issue. Now, Sir, I originally proposed the resolutions which I have placed on the paper under the expecta- tion that I should have explained thou to a Committee of the Whole House ; but the noble lord (Lord Stanley), exercising a perfectly legitimate discretion, has appended to the comparatively formal motion, as far as its words are concerned, which I now propose to make an amendment raising the merits of the case, and hoB thus thrown upon me the responsibility and duty of endeavouring to explain to the House without delay the general nature of the proposition which I wish to submit to it in antagonism to that of the noble lord's. Sir, I intend to ask the House, if it should go into Committee, to assert in the first place, that in our opinion the time has come when the Established Church of Ireland should cease to exist as an Establishment. (Hear, hear.) I do not think it would become me, either at the present moment, or at any subsequent stage of the debate, which may or may not follow, to make myself responsible, in all its important and complex details, for a plan which shall have for its aim to give effect to my purpose. It would show, I think, entire forgetfulness both of the limits of my duty and of the resources which I have at my command, and likewise forgetfulness of the limits of duty pertaining to a party in opposition to her Majesty's Government, were I to undertake responsibility for the details of such a plan. At the same time I think, on the other hand, that I should not be justified in endeavouring to shelter myself under the freedom of a member of the Opposition from distinctly indicating to the Government, the House, and the country, the general bases and conditions of the measure which I wish to suggest for consideration. Therefore, Sir, I say, partly repeating and partly enlarging words which 1 used on a former occasion, that the aim and purpose of that measure is to cause the cessation of the Established Church of Ireland as far as it is a national establishment of religion. (Hear, hear.) That cessation must in my judgment will not merely say might, nor ought, but in my judgment absolutely must be subject to the condition, in order to make it an honourable and worthy measure, that every proprietory and every vested right shall " receive absolute compensation and satisfaction. (Hear, hear.) And! beyond that I go one step by says ing that as in an operation so extended there will necessarily arise matters to be considered which are as much or more matters of feeling than of strict rule and principle, and as there will be likewise points which may be subject to fair and legitimate doubt, my opinion is that every disposition should exist to indulge and to conciliate feeling when it can be done-(hear)-and in every doubtful case to adopt that mode of proceeding which may be most consistent with principles of the largest equity. Sir, if I am asked what I look upon as the conditions under which the Government would endeavour to enter upon a new state of things, as far as regards the religious establishment in Ireland-if I am asked what it is that, in endeavouring to put an end to the present establishment I renounce for the future, I would again say that that which I renounce for the future is the attempt to maintain, in association with the State, under the authority of the State, or supported by the income of the State or by public or national property in any form, a salaried or stipendiary clergy. (Uheeri.) But as those connected with the established religion of Ireland are not the only persons interested in this matter, it is right that I should say, regarding other bodies, who now receive grants for purposes of religion, either directly for religious worship or for education having religious worship for its ultimate end, that in my opinion the more limited cases of those bodies must be met by the application of analogous principles of justice, equity, and even if I must use the ward, intelligence (hear, hear) ; but beyond that I hold that the aim of all these proceedings may be to comply as far as I understood the words read by my hon. friend the member for Sheffield-to comply with the. language of the prayer of a petition he has presented, and to put an end within the realm of Ireland to all grants from the Consolidated Fund to be applied for purposes of any real gious denomination. (Cheers.) Having said this much I think I have only to add one more proposition, and to say that, after satisfying every just and equitable claim, we shall have to contemplate at some future time the application of a residue that residue will have, in my judgment, to be treated strictly and simply as an Irish fund for the benefit of Ireland. (Hear, hear.) I think that with these words I have satisfied the duty incumbent on me, not of proposing a distinct and perfect project upon this great subject, but of indicating to Parliament the line in which I humbly ask it and would fain urge it to pursue. (Hear, hear.) I cannot fail to observe, in the preliminary skirmishing on this important question whether it be owing to a I scarcity of other arguments I know not, and, perhaps, it would not be fair for me to insinuate that it is BO, I but, undoubtedly, there has been, thus far a most Copious UB6 of that April of argument which sometimes I indicates a scarcity of other kinds-I mean the large centum ad hominem. Much blame has been bestowed j action Liberal Governments and upon the Liberal | party for right living sooner addressed itself to a settlement of the question of the Irish Church, and it has been contend, d that as the Liberal party has not done. so in former years, it is neither entitled nor warranted to attempt it now. There is no doubt about the effect that for thirty years, that is to say since 1838, no serious effort has been made by the Liberal party as a whole, or by any Government, Liberal or Conservative, to open up the question of the Irish Church, and those who may think fit to review the various motions that have been made by members anxious, at all events, to keep alive the discussion will find that for the most part they have been motions of an exceedingly indecisive character, sometimes for a select committee, sometimes for a general consideration, of the matter, sometimes to recommend it to the consideration of the Government, but never going to the root, never proposing that the existence of the Irish Church as an Established Church should now be brought definitely to a close. And, for one, I do not hesitate to say that in my judgment the Liberal party and Governments of all kinds, both Liberal and Conservative, have been perfectly justified in that course. There has been no state of things, in my opinion, in. this country, and especially in the feeling and opinion of Ireland, which would have enabled this great question to be opened upon a basis of that breadth which it requires and I own that the votes which I have myself given upon various motions have been given against partial measures intending partial application of remedial principles, and those votes I am willing to admit I would repeat. (Cheers and counter cheers.) 1 town, Sir, that those who profess different principles in this House are open to no charge of having failed to bring _ under discussion this great question with a view to definitive settlement until they saw that the time had arrived Ministerial and counter beers) this is a matter which I am not going to assume, but which I shall presently endeavour to prove until they saw that the time had arrived when there was a prospect of carrying their views to a successful issue. (Hear, hear.) Sir, as to myself, nothing could be more lowering to the tone of the debates in this House than that I should for a moment suppose that considerations personal to myself can affect the issue of a contest such as that which we are about to try. We have heard so much of late, not only of apostacy, but of sudden apostacy, that I will venture, without detain- ing the House for more than two minutes, to make this observation. Suddenness is a relative term ; (Laughter.) there are many in this House who know it to be a relative term. (Cheers and laughter.) All I will say on that point is, that a change which extends itself over a quarter of a century, when estimated by a fair standard, with reference to the ordinary length of human life, is hardly to be esteemed a sudden change. (Hear, hear.) In 1846 I was invited by a person of great influence, having then lost my seat on account of the Corn Law, to oppose a member of Lord Russell's Cabinet, and thus endeavour to obtain for myself a seat in Parliament. I have in. my possession the reply which I made, and in which I state that it was impossible for me to oppose that gentleman-first, because we were then engaged in Sir controversy of free trade, in which we had fought upon the Barrie side; and, secondly, because upon the other great question which I then thought night come forward, the Irish Church, he was opposed to it, and it was impossible for me to pledge myself, upon principle, to maintain it. (Loud (Cheers.) In the following year I had a more search- ing test, for I had a contest of four months' duration for the University of Oxford. Application was made to me to know what position I took up with respect to the Irish Church, and my answer was that I did not anticipate the proposal of a plan which would lead me to vote for a change in the ecclesiastical Establish- ment of Ireland ; but that to maintain it in principle I must entirely decline. (Cheers.) I saw no such likelihood. But in the year 1865 it appeared to me that in the then coming Parliament we probably should have to deal with this question of the Irish Church. And therefore I took the opportunity, for the fair warning and notice of my constituents, of making a speech in which I detached myself entirely and absolutely from the maintenance of the Irish Church, either on a larger or on a more contracted scale. Having given them that notice they, as they were perfectly entitled to do, took advantage of it and the consequence is that I am not member for Oxford University, but member for South Lancashire. (Loud cheers.) I pass on to describe what I own I have a string persuasion has not presented itself is full to the minds of hon. gentlemen on that side of the House perhaps not in full to the minds of hon gentlemen on this." Having undertaken the great and heavy responsibility for a heavy responsibility it is of making this proposal, I wish to indicate concisely to the House the position in which, as it appears to me, the proposal, if accepted, would leave what I should then have to call not the Irish Established Church, but, for the sake of distinction, I will call it "the Anglican Communion in Ireland. (Laughter and " Hear, hear.") We should begin by a recognition of every vested interest. And I am bound to say, in speaking of vested interests, that it appears to me at least a matter for argument and consideration, whether we can strictly and absolutely limit the phrase to those who are in possession of benefices, or whether some regard ought not possibly to be had though it would be premature to give an opinion upon the point to the case of those who have devoted themselves to an indelible profession, that separates them from the great bulk of profitable secular employments, in expectation of the benefits which we have kept in existence by law under our authority, even though they may not actually have entered upon them. (Cries of " Oh, oh ! " and "Hear, hear.") Do not suppose that I wish to commit any- one by any admissions upon that subject, or to say that these cases rest on the same foundation as well defined vested interests. I say nothing of the kind. All I say is that I, for one, do not at this moment absolutely shut the door against them. (Hear, hear.) Well, there is a recognition of vested interests. I apprehend that if the Irish Church were disestablished, one would propose to deprive those who have worshipped in its sacred fabrics of the future possession and use of those fabrics (hear, hear), provided they are willing to maintain them, and to apply them to religious purposes. On that subject feel the utmost confidence, and I feel almost an equal confidence that the very same lenient judgment which goes to the Church would go likewise to that which is inseparably connected with the Church-I mean the residences of the clergy. In addition to this, we are told, and fairly told, that the great bulk of the proprietors of the soil of Ireland are members of the Established Church of Ireland. I apprehend I am not wrong in assuming, first, that the proprietors of advowsons would have the strictest and the most absolute claim to full compensation for the value of their property and secondly, that these proprietors of advowsons who, I am aware, are not nearly as numerous, relatively to the whole number of benefices, as they are in England, the benefices in private gift in Ireland only amounting, roughly, to one-sixth of the whole-are, in the vast majority of cases, members of the Established Church, and to them would be paid the money which the State would find to be the value of these advow- sons. (Hear.) There is another class I am afraid not a very extensive one-the category of recent en- dowments; of persons, some of them even now living, some of them but lately gone from among us, who have out of their own means and liberality built churches and devoted funds for the purposes of the Established Church in Ireland. Such endowments, I apprehend, would, under all circumstances, be respected. (Cheers.) Now, putting together these various items and this is but an imperfect sketch, it has no pretence whatever to be a definite state- mental believe that the effect of this much dreaded disestablishment of the Church, conducted as I have endeavoured to describe it, would be this, that if the full money value of the entire possessions of the Irish Church, fairly sold in open market, were estimated, certainly not less than three-fifths, possibly two-thirds, would remain in the hands of members of the Anglican Communion. I know not with what feeling gentlemen may listen to that announcement. It is an announcement which, as far as I am concerned with it, I make quite irrespective of the reception it may meet with it is a matter of fact. (Hear, hear.) It is the best estimate that I can make: and my belief is, that between these limits of three-fifths of the whole and two-thirds of the whole would be found the share remaining to the members of the Anglican Communion in Ireland. Nor let it be said that that which is paid on the score of vested interests would not be paid for the purposes of the Anglican Commu own; because, I apprehend it is quite clear-indeed, I assume, without argument that when you say you will respect vested interests, you do not intend to say that you will give to the bishop and clergy, for doing nothing, incomes which they now receive under an engagement to do something. Their duties to their flocks, slight as they may be in some cases, onerous in many others, would still remain and those gentlemen would still be available and remain engaged in the service of the religious communion to which they belong for their lives, even after the disestablishment of the Church Well, but that proposition, whatever it may be, the Irish Church, the Anglican Communion in Ireland-tall it what you like would not only possess, but enjoy. It would hold its property no longer amid an estranged and alienated population, it would hold it, I believe, with the perfect and cordial goodwill of all sects, all parties, and all persuasions, both in this country and in Ireland. (Hear, hear ) And along with that share, at least, of its temporalities which I apprehend it would receive-I have no authority to say so, but it appears to me a logical and moral necessity in the case along with that, from the very moment when its title is cancelled as an Established Church, it must receive that freedom of action (hear, hear), that power of days back on its own internal energies (cheers), and developing them for its own good, which so many religious communities in this country value at such a price that they feel it to be a treasure far greater than all that the State can protect or that the law can give (Cheers ) I own I cannot see that the condition sketched prospective for the members of the Established Church in Ireland is, in itself, at all a lament- able or a deplorable condition That, however, is no reason why we should do the act that I now recommend. Nor will I endeavour to recommend that last by any policy which, as I can perceive, involves exaggeration It is, in my opinion, an exaggeration to make the Irish Established Church, in its present form dating from the Reformation, responsible for the great grievances of ascendancy and of national estrangement in Ireland It is very true, as has been said, I think, by Dr. Brady -I 'mean Dr Maziere Brady (much laughter) who has written on this subject,-" The Establish- ment was Papal but anti-Irish from 1172 to 1860, and from 1860 to 1863 it was ante-natal and ants Inch too " (Hear, hear ) There is no greater authority on this question than Mr Burke in his tract upon the Popery Laws" he gives it as his opinions' Either that a religion not very remote from the Protestant ' prevailed in Ireland before the English came there," or at least " that Papal authority was much lower in Ireland than in other countries," and he winds up by saying -" No country, I believe, since the world began, has suffered so much on account of religion or has been so variously harassed both for Popery and for Protestantism " Now, in examining a charge of that kind, I can only say that the case is much strengthened when we con- sider that it has been the particular misfortune, the dark fatality of this Church question, that all along religious establishments under English protection have been associated with British power, and, instead of tending to unite the feelings of the Irish nation in unity with the people of this island, have unhappily feeen-as Mr Burke says, first for Popery and next for Protestant-hall along a cause of estrangement and disunion (Hear, hear ) Well, now the arguments very generally advanced for the maintenance of the Irish Church are something of this nature - "That to disestablish it would be contrary to the Act of Union and dangerous to the Church of England, that such a measure would be injurious to the Protestant religion, that it would be subversive of property that it would be contrary to the assurance given by the Roman Catholic party and that the time is paid by the landlord (Hear, hear ) Now, I think the time is not paid by the landlord, and as for the assurance of the Catholic party, I cannot consent that any such assurance should bind me to uphold what I conceive to be unfair to the Catholics and injurious to the empire. (Hear, hear ). In this matter I say we should exercise I our own freedom and judge what is for the common good and it is for the common good I ask you to consent to the disendowment of the Established Church in Ireland Then it has been said that such a measure would be subversive of property I have not heard that in the present controversy, though it was in vogue with high authorities five-and-thirty years ago I shall therefore wait till the argument IS revived As for the measure being contrary to the Act of Union, I don't think that at this time I need dwell upon that point, but one remark I may make with reference to it, which is this-that when we come to argue the point in detail, it can, in my opinion, be shown that the view of the great Minister who framed the Act of Union was as far as possible from the view of those who are now maintaining that an Established Church in Ireland is the particular privilege and monopoly of the Protestants. Mr Pitt, according to his biographer, used these words, and they are very important, as showing that he did not contemplate only a relief to the Catholics from political disability, but that his large and comprehensive mind contemplated putting them on a footing of religious equality with their Protestant fellow subjects as soon as the opportunity for so doing should arise He said - By many he knew it would be contended that the religion professed by the majority of the people would at least be entitled to an equality of privileges" What was Mr Pitt's answer to that > " No man could say that in the actual state of things, while Ireland remained a separa-' e kingdom, full con ccBHcns could be made to the Catholics without endangering the State, and shaking the constitution of Ireland to its centre " I think, therefore, there is ample room for the opinion that Mr. Pitt contem- plad at least a syst in which is now becoming wholly impossible namely, that of general endowment (Hear, hear ). But that general endowment was but a means by which he sought to attain an end, and the end which he sought to attain was nothing but religious equality. (Hear, hear ). That we are endeavour- ing to reach by the means now open to us, and in doing so we are acting in accordance with the views and the spirit of Mr Pitt (Cheers ) But it is said, Sir, that this disendowment would be dangerous to the Church of England This appears to be a favourite argument. Assertion may be met by assertion, and while no doubt, many persons may believe that the disendowment of the Irish Church would be on injury to the Church of England, I claim for myself the liberty to hold an entirely opposite opinion I maintain that to relieve the Church of England from a position which politically is odious and dangerous, and which socially is unjust, will be to strengthen her foundations, and give her fair play in the exercise of her great mission. (Cheers.) We shall, no doubt, hear much more on that subject, out there is at least one form of that objection with regard to which, I think sufficient attention has not been paid There is a famous saying of Mr. Hallam, of which I don't remember the words, but of which this is the sense that there is no medium in the policy of a State between persecution and expatriation, and toleration and admission to a footing of equality. (Hear ) Certainly, as far as the history of Ireland is concerned, it tends in a remarkable degree to afford proof of the wisdom of that proposition. I have, with such materials as were open to me, endeavoured to obtain the estimates formed at different times of the respective numbers of Roman Catholics and Protestants in Ireland. It is very remarkable, but this appears to be the case that the unchristian, barbarous, and abominable penal laws were in a manner successful. The number of the Roman Catholic community in a certain degree, though slowly, diminished so long as the pressure of these penal laws weighed upon them ; but from the time when the feeling of liberty and civic life began to glow in the breast of the Roman Catholic, and there was some field for the exercise of his abilities from the tune of our embarking in an intermediate system to maintain the Established Church in Ireland-our experiment has been a total failure , the proportion of Roman Catholics to Protestants has increased in a remarkable degree In lt>72, Sir William Petty gave numbers, which when I reduce the fractions to a common denominator, as I have done in respect of all the figures I am about to quote, show that the Protestants were at that time to the Roman Catholics as three to eight, or 45 to 120. In 1730, or about that date, a very careful inquiry took place, entirely under the direction of the Government, and it was found that the Protestants were as two to five as compared with the Catholics , they had grown to the proportion of 48 to 120. But at that time, according to another authority, Bishop Butler, a Roman Catholic prelate, the Protestants were as two to four, or as 60 to 120, when compared with the Roman Catholics. In 1762 Bishop Butler published a work, in which he complains that under the influence of the penal laws and the charter Schools the Protestants had steadily increased , but, as there is no precise estimate of the numbers, I cannot give them In 1784, only son years after the first relaxation of the pen»!4aw6, a computation was made, which must necessarily have been of a loose character, but to which great value appears to have been attached by persons of authority. I dare say it will create a smile in the House when I mention in what way this estimate was made. It was founded on the number of beggars who came to the House of Industry in Dublin. (A laugh ) There were no Poor Laws at that time, and, as it was believed that the applicants for relief at the House of Industry included persons from all quarters of the country, it was thought that they represented the different religious creeds in about the proportionate numbers which the members of those creeds bore to one another in Ireland. The result is important, as showing that in 1784 the proportion was the same as in 1730 namely, that of 60 to 120 or as 2 to 4. In 1861 an estimate was given from the Protestant side by Sir Richard Musgrove's "History of the Rebellion in Ireland," second edition the second edition was published in 1801, and I suppose the figures refer to 1866 there is an estimate which shows that the Protestants had sunk to the propor- . lion of 40 to 120. The Catholics themselves claimed still more. In 1834 there was a great investigation made under the authority of the British Government. By the census returns of that year it appears that the Protestants had still further sank. Instead. of being as 60 to 120 in their proportion to the Roman Catholics as they had been 100 years before, or as 40 to 120, as they had been in the beginning of the century, they were only as 30 to 120 or a trifle under one-fifth of the whole population. In 1861 they were a trifle over one-fifth, but the change was so slight as to be scarcely worth notice. If we are told that the removal of a public religious establishment from Ireland will be injurious to Protestantism I would ask what is the meaning of the words, " injurious to Protestantism ? " The meaning must be this-that the maintenance of this religious establishment has been beneficial to Protestantism. And yet it is shown by evidence which, although in all its details it may not be perfectly pr< case, is nevertheless clear and conclusive for every practical purpose, that ever since you receded from the cruelty of the penal laws the attempt to maintain your establishment has had this effect-that along with it there has been an immense increase in the proportion of Roman Catholics to Protestants in Ireland. It may, indeed, he said, " Yes, the case is very bad, though it would have been still worse but for our religious establishment. I trust, however, that that argument will not be used in a House of Commons which, by an overwhelming majority, is a Protestant House of Commons, for dismal, indeed, is our condition if, as professors of a certain religion, we cannot look our Roman Catholic fellow-citizens in the face and meet them on a fair field, and if, the moment we are threatened with civil equality, we are obliged to utter doleful vaticinations about the extinction of our faith, and to confess that we have only been prevented by extraneous and fictitious aid on the part of the State from being swallowed up in a great vortex. (Hear, hear.) At the Sine time, I am bound to say I am not one of those who greatly regret the loss of what was termed the Appropriation Clause. I repeat undoubtedly of certain arguments which I used against it in speeches, of which the most recent was delivered thirty-two years ago (a laugh) ; but that Appropriation Clause did not satisfy the principle of justice, and it certainly tended in my opinion to give a new character to the Protestant Church, upon a principle of pure personal preference to members of that communion, and to place it on a footing which, in my judgment, was not tenable in equity. But there are other reasons why it is very well that these thirty years of trial should have afforded us an opportunity of arriving, as we all wish to arrive at a determination as nearly perfect as possible, and I think it but fair to the Established Church in Ireland to admit that, until very recent times, it has not had a perfectly fair trial as a religious community, for so incredibly perverted was the system under which Ireland was governed during the last century, that the Established Church could hardly be called a religious institution. (Hear, hear.) I must ask the House to listen to a most remarkable passage and it is the only other one which I shall read to the House-from the writings of Mr. Burke. He is describing the spirit and operation of the penal laws, and he says : " From what I have observed it was pride, arrogance, and a spirit of domination, and not a bigoted spirit of religion, that has caused and kept up these oppressive statutes. I am sure I have known those who have oppressed Papists in their civil rights exceedingly indulgent to them in their religious ceremonies, and who really wished them to continue Catholics in order to furnish pretences for oppression. These persons never saw a man (by converting) escape out of their power but with grudging and regret. I admit it is difficult to realise the whole spirit and meaning of these words, and to see to what depths of degrada- tion a politico- eccleaiastical system misapplied can unhappily descend. But undoubtedly those days have gone by, (Hear.) Between the beginning of this century and the year 1830 there was a great revival of piety and zeal among the clergy of Ireland. But by the year 1830, which was about the date when you had for the first time a zealous and active clergy in Ireland, they found themselves unhappily involved in the tithe wars, and at that unhappy period, before the passing of the Tithe Commutation Act, the collection of the tithes was in the hands of the tithe proctors, who levied them from every occupier of the soil. In such circumstances it was almost vain to think of the propagation of religious truth. This difficulty, however, was taken away in 1838 by the passing of the Tithe CommutationVAct. Undoubtedly many of us are open to some reproach, for having, by the Tithe Commutation Act and the Church Tempo- ralities Act, wasted to some extent the ecclesiastical property of the country, in order to work down the argument drawn from the existence of the tithes. A commission of 25 per cent, was given to the landlord for collection, and undoubtedly that was a most liberal percentage. I do not, however, into and by that remark to weaken the landlord's title in the slightest degree, for I believe that the arrangement which was come to has been regarded as a final arrangement, and therefore what has been done cannot be undone. (Hear, hear.) But during the thirty years which have elapsed since 1838 what have we had in Ireland. In the first place we have had the clergyman pursuing his vocation in perfect tranquillity, and without an external barrier of any kind to impede him. In the second place, we have had a clergy claiming and well earning the name of an able a zealous, and a pious clergy. (Hear, hear.) What more could be desired to test the capacity of the Church ? And yet, Sir, more there has been because there has been a great calamity-a famine, which pressed principally, though not entirely, on the Catholic population of Ireland, and which gave to the Protestant clergy, as the dispensers of alms, access to every cottage in the country, and placed in their hands such a level of social power as can hardly be over _ estimated. The plague was followed by emigration, and all these burdens weighed chiefly on the Roman Catholic population. Yet with all these advantages on the side of the Establishment, and with that terrific calamity reducing the numbers of the Catholic population, it appears from the census of 1861 that, although some change has taken place, it is so insignificant that we may fairly call it imperceptible, for I believe, if we contemplate the conversion of Ireland at the rate indicated by these figures, some 1500 or 2000 years at least must elapse before we complete the task. (Laughter.) I have dealt with these general considerations, and now I will endeavour further to justify the proposal which I am going to submit to the House. I ask the House in substance to do two things. The first is to make a declaration which by itself is in the nature of an abstract resolution namely, a declaration that it is necessary that the Established Church of Ireland should cease to exist as an Establishment, due regard being had for vested interests and the rights of property. But I also ask the House to take a further step, I ask them to arrest appointments which might be made from this time forth with a view of reserving, in the most convenient form of which circumatances will admit, the final disposal of this great and complicated question. The object is to arrest, in the first place, episcopal appointment, the state of the law being such that where a vacancy occurs in a see, and no provision is made for filling it up, the law itself provides for the exercise of jurisdiction and the performance of all necessary spiritual acts. I need not, I think, go into details for the purpose of sustaining the correctness of this statement, nor do I think it will be maintained that any intolerable grievance would arise from a. short suspension of these episcopal appointments if we are to judge of the capacity of bishops to fi form spiritual duties for a given amount of pope ation by the scale which prevails in England, and which, on the whole, is not an unfair scale. (Hear.) Undoubtedly there is in the case of the twelve bishops of Ireland, with their 790,000 adherents, abundant space and scope to enable temporary provision to be made without any serious inconvenience. With respect to capitular appointments, I think the policy of suspending them still more clear. As to parochial appointments, I do not propose to attempt any interference with that limited number of parishes which are in private patronage, for we can- not touch those parishes without interfering with proprietary rights, and we can only deal with proprietary rights in a satisfactory manner when we come to consider the conditions of a final and conclusive measure. With regard to parochial appointments not in private patronage, I may point out that provision is already made for the case of certain parishes in Ireland which only contain a very few Protestants, and in reference to parishes having a larger proportion of Protestant inhabitants, there are provisions suitable in the main for the purpose to which I am now referring. Beside the stopping of such appointments, it appears to be necessary to stop the proceedings of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners in Ireland (hear, hear), and this like the suspension of appointment can only be done by passing an Act of Parliament. It would, in my judgment, be most un- constitutional, and I do not think the House would entertain it if I were to propose it, that any of these things should be done by the mere will of the House of Commons. It is plainly the affair of the Legislature ¡ it is the business of the Crown Estate and the Bishops' Estate to continue to fill the office until the law is altered. In the same way it is the business, I have no doubt, of the Commissioned to do all they are now doing with the large revenues which they possess until the law steps in to retain them in my opinion it is very necessary that the law should step in to restrain the Commissioners, and for this reason th ir duties are not confined to meeting the exigencies of divine worship, whether in the case of the expenses of service or the expenses of the necessary repairs of fabricS The Commissioners, fr m year to year, lay out large sums in the entire refitting of churches, and in the renovation of the fabric, and in the foundation of the new churches Not only so, but I find the erection of new benefices is within the jim diction of the Commissioners, and from time to time they per- form that operation. In order to show how far I am justified in asking the House to endeavour to reserve the status quo, and to prevent the growth of new vested interests and new permanent charges, I would just take two cases of benefices Newtown Lennan, in Lismore diocese, was erected into a separate benefice in 1867. It was appointed to by the patron - the Crown or the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland That new benefice, I understand, erected in 1867, has a population stated to consist of four Anglicans and 1143 Roman Catholics daughter and. hear, hear"), and the net annual value is £331. The other case is Kilmoylan with Cummer, and the appointment u 1868. Here the statement shows that the population is four Anglicans and 2769 Roman Catholics (laughter), and the net annual value is £291. The number of four Anglicans is so very remarkable that, if I had not received the same from a person of some authority, I should have suspected the accuracy of the statement, but whether it be accurate or whether it be not, in my contention -as is said in courts of justice these new benefices ought not to be erected, if the House of Commons intends to deal seriously with the question of the Established Church in Ireland. (Hear, hear.) By the first part of the proposal I have to make I wish to test the question whether the House does or does not think the time is come for dealing thus seriously with the Established Church in Ireland, but if we do think that the time is come, then I must say that I hope we shall not be content to launch forth upon the winds of heaven that most unsatisfactory creation of human wit, when it stands alone, which is known within these walls by the name of an abstract resolution. ("Hear'' and laughter ) During all my public life I have seen nothing but discredit, false hopes, and butter disappointments come from these abstract resolutions. I do not think I have ever been responsible for one and I am not willing to be responsible for one on this occasion I know very well that this Parliament, competent as it is in all authority, and not less than any Parliament that has ever sat in this House, must, notwithstanding, look forward to a limited existence It would be folly to attempt to charge it during that limited period of existence with duties which are beyond its capacities and its power The duty I would point out to the House is this not of forestalling, not of determining the final arrangement that may be thought fit for disposing of this whole question, but the duty of preventing the fresh and constant growth in the interval which is yet remaining before a final measure-an interval which may be shorter or which may be longer-a growth ofanewcroD of vested interests, a creation of permanent engagements which may fetter to a most serious extent the judgment of Parliament. In order to assume the importance of that topic, suppose that we were in circumstances in which I could ask you, and in which you could agree to pass a conclusive measure at this moment for this disestablishment of the Irish Church. If you chose to make the course for that measure such as Coleridge describes to be " the course of the cannon-ball, shattering that it may reach, and shattering what it teaches," then indeed you would have but a short future on which to reckon. But every man in this House denounces that. You are determined to give the fullest consideration, not only in a matter of propriety, but of privilege and of duty, to those who are now in possession But, right and indispensable as this is, let us not conceal from ourselves that the practical effect is to involve the many complex differences, and to postpone the sensible operations of measures for many years, and the final and full operation of it for almost one generation ; because it will not be ten years For twenty years it will. hardly be thirty years perhaps, unless prudence in the meantime should dictate, with the goods! of all parties (Laughter from the Ministerial and cheers from the Opposition side ). If you think it is right, in the language which will be proposed to you, that the Established Church should cease to exist as an Established Church in Ireland, and if you choose to adopt the mode of operation proposed, the final effect of this resolution will have to be postponed Is it not obvious common sense is it not necessary, in order to give assurance in all good faith and to maintain our credit, that we should without hesitation do that which is perfectly simple in its character namely, arrest the progress of operations which tend greatly to fetter the future discretion of Parliament ? (Hear, hear ) My noble friend opposite has given notice of an amendment upon my motion. I think indeed, I have such a respect for the noble lord's knowledge of the English tongue, I feel some satisfaction that that amendment has been drawn so as to allow of a critical consideration in regard to its terms, because, if my noble friend can contrive to show that an inquiry now in progress can be called a pending inquiry, he certainly would be a new light upon the English language (Laughter ) But, passing from that trifle, I ask myself what benefit is to be attained by a dilatory amendment such as that of the noble lord It is, I think, a safe assumption that that amendment will carry no consolation to the mind of the Irish Church (Cheers.) I will illustrate my meaning Suppose, instead of proposing the disestablishment of the Irish Church, some member of wise counsels and intentions had put upon the notice paper of this House a proposition that it would be expedient, with due regard to vested interests, to make provision by law for the extinction of the House of Peers (a laugh), would the noble lord have gone forward and have told us that he thought it was possible considerable modifications might, perhaps, appear to be expedient, as the result of the great constitutional change which he recently has been an instrument in bringing about, but that he was of opinion that any proposition tending to the dis- establishment of the House of Lords ought to be reserved for the decision of a new Parliament ? (Laughter and cheers.) That may seem like a jest, it is but too sad earnest It indicates a mode in which, so far as depends upon the counsels of the Executive, this great question of the Irish Church is to be dealt (Hear, hear ) For myself, I avow that I have carefully avoided all endeavours to stir agitation. I have waited until, as it appeared to me, the hour had come when the call of duly summoned (Laughter.) That having come (hear, hear) I have thought it but due to justice as well as to every one concerned to to speak in the plainest language, and we are met with a motion that says that the question of the dis- establishment and disendowment must be reserved for the decision of the new Parliament Well, Sir, much shall I be surprised if the House of Commons adopts an amendment such as this (Hear, hear ). That amendment cannot be meant to show respect to the new Parliament, because it only does, and I think much less perfectly, that which will be effected by the motion namely reserves the final handling of the question to the councils and deliberations of that Parliament. The very words of the resolutions I propose contain a reference to the decision of the new Parliament In that respect, therefore, the motions are alike. But, again, perhaps I may be told that if we are not going to legislate finally on the question it is not expedient to express an opinion on the question. Then, why are we omitted to admit that "considerable modifications (hear, hear-and the temporalities of the United Church in Ireland may, after the result of the present inquiry, be found expedient > " Why, I ask, is this House to be called on to give that opinion The difference between us is this, the opinion I ask the House to express is an opinion no one can mistake, every one can understand. Who can understand what are these " considerable modifications a " What kind of modifications are they a Do they mean to carry the tithes of Connaught to the congregations of Dublin and Belfast S Do they mean to investigate the question of surplus, and, after having competently provided to all eternity for Protestant rectors and curates, to hand over to those who are not Israelites the crumbs that fall from the table ? (Hear, hear ) Why go into the assertion of such vague generalities as these of But the noble lord, I contend, shows no regard to the coming Parliament I invite him to join with me if he is anxious to show regard to that Parliament I am trying to show regard for the coming Parliament by keeping out of its way all those embarrassments which if these resolutions are not adopted will infallibly grow up (Hear, hear ) I certainly must say that the vested interests are a very great embarrassment. Why, it may be the duty of the Commissioners, for aught I know they may be erecting a new benches at this very moment. I so respect the judgment of the new 1 Parliament that I will endeavour, so far as depends on me, to clear up the ground on which it is to enter. But it is said there is no end to these concessions that a liberal policy has been long pursued-that it has not produced its natural fruits-that the Roman Catholics still continue dissatisfied, and that, instead of gratitude, we are met with fresh demands. (Hear, hear ) Well, sir, my answer is As we have sown so it e reap. (Cheers } The method we have pursued according to laws higher and deeper than any we can make, has produced the fruits that were inevitable, and that we ought to have foreseen. It is quite true that we have conceded. There has been, as I said before, a corner ion of 700 years. Almost the whole of that connection has consisted of I a succession of storms fierce and bitter storms- | and uncertain, temporary calms. From time to time the Irish problem has been dealt with, but it never has been dealt with by removing the whole cause of dispute. For one hundred years we have been moving at least in the same direction. In 1778 a great <vn cession was made. In 1798 another onward stride was effected in the Parliament of Ireland. In 1860 the promises of Mr Pitt for a moment gilded the sky of that island. In 1829 our Roman Catholic colleagues in this House feast took their seats among us and obtained a substantial equality, which I rejoice to think was carried within the last year or two to its farthest limits by the removal of a useless and objectionable oath. (Cheers.) But what have been the circumstances under which these changes have been made ? Have they been freely made of Have they proceeded from our spontaneous bounty ? Have they been drawn from us in our melting mood by our recollection of the woes and sufferings of Ireland ? Sir, the dates, I am loth to say, speak for themselves. The first step was in 1778, when the prospects of the American war were growing more and more gloomy. The second was in 1793, when you began to be locked in a struggle of life and death with France. The third was in 1890, when that struggle, great and formidable as it was at all times, had assumed perhaps (its very darkest aspect. And the last was in 1829 ; you gave to the Roman Catholics seats in this Howe, when the Minister who proposed the measure intimated to you, in terms distinct enough that, unless you were prepared for concession, you must look for civil war as the only alternative. And when we thus have written, inscribed, engraven upon our own acts the motives from which they have proceeded-when we have ourselves, by the time at which they were carried, taken care to characterise them as more properly the fruit of our fearful anticipations than of our generous bounty, can we be surprised that they have failed to elicit the abundant gratitude it seems we were to expect ? (Hear, hear.) I believe the laws of human nature have been too strong for us, and they ought to have enabled us to predict what has happened. Hence it has been that the proverb arose, England's difficulty was Ireland's opportunity, and that Mr. Grattan, speaking of the indi per, dence of the Irish Parliament, said: "The weakness of England made the strength of Ireland, for Ireland was saved when America was lost. When England conquered, Ireland was coerced ; when she was defeated, Ireland was relieved." (Hear, hear ) Now, at last, let us see whether it is in our power to make some amendment upon this deplorable method of proceeding. (Hear, hear.) I hope it is not too late. It is certainly not too soon. (Cheers.) I have urged that there is a crisis in the affairs of Ireland, and I am answered that the crisis is one made and got up by me (ironical cheers as if I were like the mysterious person who in a theatre behind or rather above the scenes has custody of what are termed the thunder, the lightning, and rain, to do with them as he pleases. (A laugh.) Sir, that is not the character of the Irish crisis. Much depends upon this, Let us gift the questions to the bottom. We had a crisis in 1829. What followed? Certainly nothing like completeness of calm. But about fifteen years afterwards the attitude of Ireland again became formidable. Sir Robert Peel endeavoured to meet the exigency of the day by measures he proposed of a highly liberal character, one relating to the establishment of the Queen's colleges, the other to the exclusion of the grant to Maynooth a grant opposed by the right hon. gentleman now the Prime Minister of the Crown, on the ground that Sir R. Peel was a person totally unfit to make that proposal, since his policy up to that time had lain in a different direc- lions. (Hear, hear.) But it pleased Providence to interpose and to check the currents of the political atmosphere by the tremendous visitation of the famine. That famine gave another turn to the minds and thoughts of men. But we have gone on, I am afraid, less alive than we ought to have been to the real demands of Ireland. It has only been since the termination of the American war and the appearance of Fenianism that the mind of this country has been greatly turned to the consideration of Irish affairs is and it is in vain to attempt to preach in the wilder. neSB, to anticipate conclusions at which the nation has not arrived, even though those conclusions may be recommended by forethought as well as justice. But what has been happening all this time ? Has Ireland been in a stationary condition ? I don't speak of its material condition. I speak of other causes. The discontent of the agricultural population has continued, and the virtual pledge given by public authority in the report of Lord Devon's Commission, twenty-three years ago, has for all these years remained without redemption. If millions of the Irish people have taken an acuter view of their own rights and wrongs than we may approve, and the cheap Press, which, with myriad wings, we have sent among them, have stirred from time to time those breasts, that cheap Press, if causes of dissatisfaction had not existed, would only have attached all classes to the institutions of the country. It used to be said that steam had bridged the Channel -it has now bridged the Atlantic. Steam now bridges the Atlantic, and the echoes of whatever dissatisfaction exists in Ireland come back to us over the waves of that wide ocean. These are fatal and enormous changes-they are changes preparatory and predisposing to the latest manifestation-the manifestation, I mean, of that Fenianism that has come into this country, which, and I say it upon the authority of the noble earl, who stated the fact in words that cannot be forgotten, found existing in the hearts of the Irish people a great amount of dissatisfaction n we may almost say of disloyalty and of dislike to England and to the English rule, the small occupiers to a great extent sympa' having with it, and in several of the large towns in the South the population being deeply tainted with it, and ready to participate with it to any extent. And then, with these words falling from the mouth of his own colleague, that colleague being the responsible Minister for Ireland, the Prime Minister for the Crown denies that a crisis exists, and ridicules it as the creation of a fevered brain. (Hear, hear.) I want to know what is the sign of a national crisis. To those who refuse to read it in the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act four times, I think, successively, what answer is it to say to us, " You yourselves proposed the suspension ?" Certainly we did, but this is an act which grows not less, but more significant by repetition. Does the right hon. gentleman suppose that when we asked the House of Commons to suspend the Habeas Corpus Act we were not aware that that suspension would draw after it political consequences ? It was my duty on that occasion to follow the powerful and impressive speech of the hon. member for Birmingham, and what I said was, I don't deny that we must persevere in legislation in the direction in which we have been engaged for some time, and which has already in a certain measure produced most satisfactory results. What I pleaded for wes this, that we should provide for the exigencies of the day, for that is an absolute duty which cannot be deferred." On all occasions when the suspension of the Habeas Corpus has been renewed the same course has been pursued, and no impedi- ment has been thrown in the way of that proposal. Indeed, we found that the Government were almost ready to complain of those who now propose remedial measures that they did not oppose that suspension. My opinion is that the readiness and the cheerfulness \- no, that is a bad word-the readiness and full conviction with which the House had acceded to the proposal is a true measure of the conviction that the House entertains that it must at the earliest possible moment address itself in earnest to the work of remedial legislation. What does the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act mean ? It means the giving up of the charter and palladium of personal liberty in that country. And what are its accompaniments in Ireland ? A police which is virtually an armed force for purposes of repression, admirably discharging its _ duties, but not discharging the same duties that are discharged by the police of England and of Scotland. An army maintained in Ireland, unhappily not for the same purposes for which an army is maintained in England and in Scotland, but for purposes much more nearly approaching those which are most peculiar to some of the worst governed States of Europe. For my part, I know not what is worse than tranquillity purchased by the constant suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act, unless it be that last extremity of public calamity civil war. (Hear, hear.) For my own part, I am not willing to wait. It appears to me that our responsibility is quite sufficient for having waited this long, and that it be- fits us now to do all that the time will permit towards clearing our account with Ireland. (Hear.) I know there is a feeling in this matter which I admit, it is difficult to get over. There are many who think that to lay hands upon the national Church Establishment of a country is a profane and unhallowed act. I respect that feeling. (Cheers.) I sympathise with it. (Loud cheers.) I sympathise with it while I think it my duty to overcome and re press it. (Hear, hear.) But if it be an error it is an error entitled to respect. There is some thing in the idea of the national establishment of religion, of a solemn appropriation of a part of the commonwealth for conferring upon all who are ready to receive it what we know to be an inestimable benefit, of saving that portion of the inheritance from private selfishness, in order to extract from it, if we can, pure and unmixed advantages of the highest order for the population at large there is something in this so attractive that it is on image that must always command the homage of the many. It is somewhat like the kingly Ghost in "Hamlet," of which one of the characters of Shakespeare says "We do it wrong, but THAT SO majesties, To offer it the show of violence ; For it is, in the air, invulnerable, And our vain blows malicious mockery. (Hear.) But, Sir, this is to view a religious establishment upon one side, only upon what I may call the etherial side. It has likewise a side of earth, and here I cannot do better than quote the lines written by the present Archbishop of Dublin at a time when his years were devoted to the Muses. He said, it' speaking of mankind, We who did our lineage high Draw from beyond the starry sky, And yet upon the other side To earth and to its dust allied. And to the Church Establishment, which regarded in its theory and in its aim, is so beautiful and attractive. Yet what is it but an appropriation of public property, an appropriation of the fruits of labour and of skill to certain purposes, and unless those purposes be fulfilled that appropriation cannot be justified. Therefore, Sir, I cannot but feel that we must set aside fears which thrust themselves upon the imagination, and act upon the sober dictates of our judgment. I think it has been shown that the cause for action is strong-not for precipitate action, not for action beyond our powers, but for such action as the opportunities of the times and the condition of Parliament, if there be but of ready will, will amply and easily admit of. If I am asked as to my expecta- tion B of the issue of this struggle, I begin by frankly avowing that I, for one, would not have entered into it unless I believed that the final hour was about to sound. " Venit summa dies et ineluctabile forum." And I hope that the noble lord will forgive me if I say that before Friday last I thought that the thread of the remaining life of the Irish Established Church was short, but that since Friday last, when at half-past 4: o'clock in the afternoon the noble lord stood at that table, I have regarded it as being shorter still. (Cheers.) The issue is not in our hands. What we had and have to do is to consider well and deeply before we take the first step in an engagement such as this, but having entered into the controversy, there and then to acquit ourselves like men, and to use every effort to remove what still remains of the scandals and calamities in the relations which exist between England and Ireland, and to make our best efforts at least to fill up with the cement of human concord the noble fabric of the British Empire. (Loud cheers.) The right hon. gentleman concluded by moving the resolution of which he had given notice. The question was then put "that this House do immediately resolve itself into a committee to consider the Acts relating to the Established Church of Ireland." _ 