THE GHOST IN THE LIGHT-HOUSE. THOSE who have visited Fortress Monroe— that great bulwark which preserved to the Union the control of the tide-waters of Virginia and Maryland during the late civil war— have doubtless noticed an old brick light-house, standing jußt in front of the water battery, and not oTer a hundred yards from the wharf. For years it had stood there, answering back, with its Bteady rays, the bright, cheerful flashes from the light on Cape Charles, and guiding the sea men in from the dangerous ocean, to the calm and snug anchorage of Hampton Roads. It is a very plain tower, some sixty feet in height, with an ordinary old-fashioned lantern j and the only changes made in it since its erection have consisted in giving it, from time to time, fresh coats of whitewash. Looking at it, you would never think that it could have a story connected with it. And yet it was the scene of a regular ghost story, which was, for the time, about as dreadful and mys terious as anything could be. About six years before the war, the light house was kept by a widow woman, who had been reduced from wealth to poverty, by a sad train of circumstances, and who had secured the pittance afforded by the position through the influence of the officers of the garrison, and a number of the gentry living in the neighbor hood and in Hampton. The duties of the situ ation were performed by her son —a lad of six teen or eighteen—whose promptness and faith* fulness won him the praise of all connected with the post, so that such great ratisfaction was given that Mrs. Lane—as we shall call her for presenc uses—was continued in her place for two successive Administrations ; a thing almost unheard of in the United States. The month of March is cold and blustering everywhere, but especially so at Old Point Com fort, as the garrison of Fortress Monroe can well testify; for, during that month, they are visited with many fearful storm?, which sweep over the narrow sand neck with such violence that it almost seems as if the massive fort itself would be blown over into the water. One cold, raw night in March, in the year 1856, Mrs. Lane was sitting before her fire, dozing, when she was aroused by a loud knock ing at the door. Opening it, she found one of the guard at the fort standing before it. " What is the matter ?" she asked, in sur prise. "The lamps have gone out in the light house," replied the soldier. Turning towards the shore, the widow saw that the man's statement was true. Old Point Light no longer warned the mariners of the dangers of the coast; and the wind was blow ing a perfect hurricane. "Dear me!" she exclaimed, in distress; " what shall Ido ? Dick is over at Hampton, and will not be back to- night; and lam hardly able to stand against this wind." "If you will get the materials for renewing he light," said the man, " I will go down with you, and help you." Thanking him, the widow Boon wrapped her self comfortably in shawl and hood, and started for the light-house. She had a hard time struggling against the wind j but, with the aid of the soldier, at last reached the tower. They entered, and were about to ascend the long flight of winding steps which led to the lantern, when they heard a strange sound which made them pause. A Tramp, tramp, tramp! The sound came heavy and dull from the top of the tower, like ■ome one slowly and heavily decending the steps. " Mercy on me!" cried the widow. " Some one is in the lantern." ! " Who are you ? and what are'you doing up j there ?" cried the soldier. ; There was a pause in the sound; and then a wild, hollow voice rang through the tower, " Woe, woe to the ships ! woe to the ships !" The soldier and the widow waited to hear no more ; but in another moment found themselves on the beach, at the foot of the tower. In a few minutes, a dark figure issued from the door- I way, and moved slowly down the beach, until it disappeared in the darkness. A guard was summoned from the fort, and • the light-house examined. No one was dis ' covered j but it was found that the lights had been put out by having the extinguishers placed j carefully over them, thus showing that it could ; not have been the work of the wind, as was at first supposed. It was a strange affair; and the story of Mrs. Lane and the soldier made it still more singular. Extinguishing the lampa in & light-home, with- out proper authority, is a criminal offence; and a reward was immediately offered for the per petrator of this crime. The next night, the commandant of the fort stationed a Bentinel near the tower to watch if any one should at tempt to enter it, and to arrest or fire upon whoever Bhould do so. It was a dark night, and the wind was howling wrathfully across the bay and along the Boads. Towards ten o'clock, a fierce, shrill blast struck the Point, and dashed a quantity of sand into the sentinel's eyes, completely blinding him for the time. When he recovered the use of them again, he glanced at the tower, and, to his dis may, found that it was in total darkness. He had been unable to see for about the space of five minutes; but, previous to that, he was sure no one had entered the light-house. He hurried to the tower, and entering it, sprang up the stairs, gun in hand. He paused. The footfalls the widow had described were heard again. In a moment, a tall figure was seen descending the steps. He sprang towards it; but a powerful hand dashed him aside, and a wild voice rang through the tower, " Woe, woe to the ships!" Still undismayed, the soldier hurried down the steps, and when he reached the beach with out, he saw the figure disappearing in the dark ness. Instantly he raised his gun and fired. The report of the sentinel's musket brought the guard, with torches and lanterns. The beach was searched, but no one could be found. The excitement in and around the fort was intense the next day. The commandant avowed his determination to discover and capture the culprit, if it took the whole garrison to do it. It was the strangest affair that had ever hap pened at Old Point; and the superstition and curiosity of the inhabitants of the little penin sula -were excited to the highest pitch. During the day, Dick Lane, who felt that his credit, and perhaps his mother's occupancy of her position were at stake, waited on the com mandant, and asked permission to watch the light-house alone that night. He said he would arm himself, and take his position in the lantern, and would promise that the light should not be extinguished again. The permission was granted; but the commandant gave orders to have a guard of five men kept in readiness, just outside of the fort, to proceed to Dick's assist ance as soon as they Bhould hear the report of his pistol. The night was as wild as either of the others; but Dick took his post in the lantern, undis mayed, and prepared to await the coming of the ghost. About ten o'clock, he began to be sleepy, but was at length aroused from this state by the sound of heavy footfalls on the stairs. He listened. The sound came nearer; and then he heard a wild, mournful voice, crying, " Woe, woe to the ships!" For a moment the lad felt his blood run cc Id ; but summoning up his courage, he prepared himself for the encounter. A tall, muscular figure, clad in a faded blue uniform, with a haggard face, overgrown with beard, and with long matted hair, entered the lighthouse lantern. As it saw the lad, it glared at him savagely, and then sprang towards him with a howl of rage. Dick raised his pistol and fired, but missed his aim. In another in stant the figure seized him by the throat. The boy struggled manfully ; but he was no match for the powerful strength of his strange anta gonist. He was forced to the floor; and the gripe about his throat tightened, until he grew unconscious. * When he recovered his senses, he was lying on the beach, and the commandant of the fort throwing water in his face. Springing to his feet, he asked, hurriedly, " Are the lights burn ing ?" " Yes, my lad," said the commandant. " You have kept your promise nobly ; though it was near being fatal to you." Dick learnt that his pistol-Bhot had been heard by the guard, who had hastened to his assistance. They had arrived just in time to save him from death at the hands of the ghost, who was secured after a desperate struggle with him. The mysterious personage proved to be a deranged soldier, who had escaped from the hospital at the fort. In his madness he had been seized with a violent desire to put out the lamps in the light-house. He was sent to a lunatic asylum ; and, after that, Old Point light was never more extinguished; and the light house was never again haunted by the presence of a ghost. 