THE 'TATE MIS3 HOLI.tNG'FORD. From Ai.t. the Year Round. (Continued from Our last. J CHAPTER IX. Tire winter was passing away at this time, and spring days were beginning to shine. I walked out of my bedroom iuto the bright March world, and saw the primroses laughing in the hollows. I thought my Heart broke outright whan I heard the first lark bpgin to aing. After that things went still further wrong. John came to take me out for a drive one day, and I would not go. I could not go. Aud the Tyrrells were staying at the. hail. Whether it was that Rachel shunned me of her own wish, or because she saw that I had learned to despise her, I do not know ; but we kept apart. My poor soul was quito ndrift. Anguish for the past, disgust at the present, terror of the future, ail weighed on it. If I had known of any convent of saintly nuns, such as T had read of in poems and legends, who took the weary in at their door and healed the sick, who would have preached to me, prayed with me, let me. sit at their feet, weep at their knees till I had struggled through this dark phase of my life, I would have got up nnd fled to them in the night and left no traco behind me. I hated to stay at the hall, and yet I stayed. Mr Hill — kind heart 1 — said ho would bar the gates, and set on the dogs if I attempted to move. He and his wife botli fancied at this time to mako a pot of me. I had been ill in their house, and I must get well in their house. They would warrant to make tlio lime pleasant. So the Tyrrells were hidden to come and stay a month. Grace Tyrrell arrived with her high spirits, her frivolity, her odour of the world, took me in her hands, and placed herself at once be tween me and Rachel. She found me weak, irritable, and woe-begone. She questioned, petted, and coaxed. Partly through curiosity, and partly through good nature, she tried to win my confidence, and in an evil hour I told her all my trouble. I listened to her censure, scoffs, counsels, and my heart turned to .steel against John. She was older than I by five or six years. I was a good little babe, she said, but she, she knew the world. It was only in storybooks, or by younglings like me that lovers were expected to he true. Miss Leonard was an "old flime," and if all that was said might he true, would he heiress of Ilillshro'. Yes, yes, she knew I need not blaze out. I had made myself a hero, as simple hearts do, but my idol was clay all the same. Wealth and power would do for John Ilollingford what his father's misconduct bad undone. It was utter silliness, my abas ing myself, saying that Rachel Leonard was more loveabie than I. I-Ier rich expectations were her superior charm. Oh me ! how people will talk, just to ho thought knowing, just to be wise, just to dazzle, and to create an excitement for tbo hour. I do think that Grace Tyrrell loved me after her own fashion, and that she thought I had been hardly used ; but the sympathy she gave me was a weak sympathy that loved to spend itself in words,. that was curious to sift out the matter of ray gric-f, that laid Httle wiles to prove the judgment she had givenne -true. She had watched them (Rachel and John, she said, and John's manner was not the manner of a lover, though he affected it as much as lie could. Ho was trying to bind her with pro mises, hut she would not ho bound. Yes, she, Grace, had watched them, and would watch them. Every night she brought mo into her room, and detailed her observations of the day, and pitied, and potted, and caressed her poor darling. I was weak in health, and unutter ably lonely and sad, and I clung to her pro tection and kindness. But -instinctively I dis trusted her judgment. I disliked hor coarse views of things, and followed her counsels doubtingly. I havo not described her to you yet, my chil dren. Imagine then a showy, "frivolous-looking, blonde young woman, fond of pretty feathers, nnd flowers, and gay colours ; pretty euough in her way, good-huinored and talkative. I thought, then, that I had every reason to he grateful to lier, and I blamed myself for not loving her spon taneously, as I had loved, as I still fought against loving Rachel. I think now that I had no rea son to he grateful to her. If she had not been always by ray side, so faithful, so wnt'cliful. so never-failing with her worldly lesson, I think I should have found a way out of the darkness of my trouble. I think i should have softened a Blue wnen menm met me in the gallery, twineii i her soft arm round my neck, and asked me why ' we two should be so estranged. I think I should have wept when John took my hand between his two and asked me, in God's name, to tell him why I had grown so altered. But I was blind, deaf, and dumb to their advances. Their re proaches were meaningless, ttieir caresses treach erous, and I would have none of them. I would stand where they themselves had placed me, but I would draw 110 nearer to set their con science at rest. And then there was Captain Tyrrell at the hall. "Why did Grace Tyrrell want me to marry her brother? Ids not know; unless because she liked me, for she was fond of him ; unless be cause my substantial dowry would be of use to the needy man of fashion. I had heard before that he had made two unsuccessful attempts to marry an heiress. I was not an heiress, hut the hand that I should give to a husband would lie pretty well filled. At all events, he was ever by my side, and Grace (I ara now sure helped him to contrive that it should be so. I did not like him, I never had liked him. Before I had coinc to Hilisbro' ho had wearied me with compliment and attentions. When be had visited me at the farm, elegant as he was, I had contrasted him unfavourably with the absent " ploughman," won dering that language had only provided one word-, " man," by which to designate two crea tures so different. Ho was the same now that ho had been then ; but I, who soared to things higher, had fallen. Any ona was useful to talk to, to walk with, to drive with, so that time might pass ; any noise, any bustle, that would keep me from thinking, was grateful. So I toler ated the attention of Captain Tyrrell, and lie and Grace hemmed me in between them. Rachel looked on in silence, sometimes with contempt, sometimes with wondering pity. John kept fur ther and further aloof, and his face got darker, and sadder, and sterner to me. And this it was that bewildered and chafed me more than any thing I had suffered yet. Why, since lie had turned his back upon me, would lie keep con stantly looking over his shoulder? And, oh' me!, how Grace did whisper; and how her whis pers fired me with pride, while the confidence I had foolishly given her daily wore away my womanly self-respect. My children, you will wonder why I did not behave heroically under this trial. You despise a heroine who is subject to the most common faults and failings. The old woman now can look back aud mark out a better course of con- duct for the girl. But the girl was gone — the put is past, the life is lived I was full ol the humours and delusions ol nineteen years, and I saw the glory and delight of my youth wrecked. Existence was merely inextricable confusion in the dark. I never dreamt of a path appearing, of a return of sunshine, of a story like this to be afterwards told. Rachel's conduct was variable and strange to mo at this time. She kept aloof from me, as I have told you, looking on at my poor little frantic (flirts to he careless with n grand con tempt. She watched me as closely as Grace watched her j but one day, I know not how it happened, some word of jealous misery escaped me, and Rachel grew very white and silent, and there was n long pause of days before either of them addressed the other again ; but Rachel's look and manner was altered to me from that moment. A long, tender, wistful gaze followed me about. She did not venture to dispute Grace Tyrrell's possession of me, but it made her uneasy. She was observant and sad, patient and kind, while my manner to her was often irritable and repellant. One night she stoic into my room when I was sinking to sleep, and bent over mo in my bed. " My darling, my sister !" she said, "let me kiss yon, let me put my nrms round you. Oh ! why will you always turn away from me ?" I did not answer, except by moving my face sliudderingly aside. " Margery," she whispered again, "tell me why vnu have turned against me and John Ilollingford ?" "You and Joim," said T, . opening mv eyes and looking at her. "Yes, that is it. You and John. Dear me ; am I not grateful to you both ? How odd !" " Margery, shall I swear that you have no reason to be jealous of me." " Oh, no, Rachel," I said ; " don't swear. Go away and be happy, as I am, and sleep soundly." She moved away a step or two, hut came back hesitatingly. " Margery," said she, " I want to tell you — if you will listen to me — I have a great trouble." "Have you?" said _1. " To., think of anyone having a trouble in this world ! I can't believe it." " But Margery," she said, putting her hands on my shoulders, and looking down at me, " I have a secret, and I came here to tell it to you, and you must listen, for it concerns you." " Does it ?" said I ; " then you had better not trust me with your secret, Rachel. I think I have a wild beast chained up in me somewhere, and it might do you harm. I advise you not to have any thing to do with me. Good night." " Ah !" said she, bitterly, turning away, " was ever nny one so changed in so short n time. This is Miss Tyrrell's doing. She is a spy upon rae, and yet I defy her to know anything about me. She has filled you with her own cruel prejudice." " Do not say anything against the Tyrrells in my hear ing," I said. " Tliey arc the dearest friends I have." " If that be true," answered Rachel, thoughtfully, " I have nothing more to say. The thing that I was going to tell you does not con cern you, and I have been spared a humiliation for the present. When you know all, you can cry out against me with the rest. Remember," she added distinctly with proud bitteruess, " I give you full permission." She turned away and moved across the room ; she stopped before the dying fire, standing above it, and looking down into it. I saw Iter dark figure between me and the fading glare, her head lowered on her breast, her arms hang- ing dejectedly by her side. She mused tiiere a few minutes, and then went noiselessly, out of the room. cnArxER x. Early summer was already upon the land, flowers were blooming, and the reign of sunshine had begun. Tlio cuckoo haunted the hull gar dens, rabbits basked in the glades, and the woods were alive with the singing birds. A little tiling happened which surprised me. A troop of in were riding one day along the moor, and by the outskirts of the road, I being fore most, espied two figures at a distance among the trees, n'nd recognised the girls from the farm, I pressed on and came on tliern unawares, where they were down on their knees, gathering mosses out of the grnss. Mopsie was on my neck in a moment, but Jane was a little shy. I had to coax hor to he frank. She thought I mu3t be changed, she said, I stuyed away so long. If I cared for tliern any more, I would have come to see them. Mother was not very well, and John, when at home, was dull. He fretted nbnut something.. Did I know what it wns about ? " Whether I come or stay, you must neiieve in me, jane, sain a ; " I am not one of those that change. I will go back with you now and see your mother. Here are tlio rest of our party coming ; we will meet them and tell them what I am going to do." " That is Miss Leonard," I added, seeing Rachel riding foremost. " Are you not curious to spo her ?" June said " yes," and walked on beside me. holding my whip. The sun was in Rachel's face till she passed into the shade right before us. She raised her eyes then and looked at us, started violently, gave her reins a sudden wild pluck ; the horse reared, plunged, and flung her. I screamed and sprang to the ground, but Jane stood im movable, looking at'Rachel where she lay, star ing at her with a face which had changed from glowing red to white. I pushed her aside to reach' Rachel. She turned quickly round, and, without a word, began walking rapidly towards home. She passed out of sight, without once looking hack. It ail occurred in a minute. The other riders came up ; Rachel was not injured, only a little bruised and faint. She was too nervous to remount. Our party rode home, s and I sat with Rachel on the grass, till a servant | came with a pony carriage. Tim man took our horses, and I drove Rachel home. She cried hysterically all the time whilst we waited in the wood. I did not see any more of Jane, and, of course, I did not pay my proposed visit to her mother. Rachel did not attempt to explain the cause of her accident, and I did not ask her any thing about it. I remembered Jane's face, and I puzzled over her strange conduct in silence. It was impossible not to think that she had beheld in Rachel some ono whom she had not expected, and was not well pleased to see. Yet this young girl had been a child when she had come to Ilillsbro', and she had not known Rachel by name. My head ached distressfully over the puzzle, hut I could make nothing of it. Jane was an odd girl ; she had conceived a prejudice against Miss Leonard, and had taken a whimsically rude way of showing it. This was all the conclusion I could como to on the subject. One evening we had a dinnerparty, and a good many young people being present, we danced a little. I danced more gaily than the rest, for my heart was unusually sore. Grace Tyrrell had told me that day that she purposed leaving the hall next week, and had pressed me to go with her to London. I thought I had better go, yet I had refused her. I knew I must leave 'Iiiils- bro', yet I shrank from the great effort of tearing myself away. Here Ibad been loved and happy ; the trees and the moors knew it ; even the strange faees of the country people passing on the roads had seemed to be in my secret, and had played their simple part in my dream. I felt that, once gone, I could never return, and I must first havp an explanation with John, and put an end to our engagement. Yet how to seek him fur such a purpose ? I had kept at such a distance from him lately that it seemed impossible. 1 felt that he would be relieved by my absence, and glad of his release, but my own woe pressed upon me. I feared to make a fond of myself if he was kind as of old, wlipn we said good-bye. So I was dancing with the rest, and Captain Tyrrell was my partner. "We were very merry. Grace was playing for us, and looked approvingly over her shoulders. John had been with us at dinner, but I had lost sight of him, and as I did not see Rachel cither, my fancy saw them walking | in the moonlight without. For it was a warm evening, the windows were open, the stars bright, | and people went in and out at their pleasure. The flowers smelt sweetly in the dew, and the nightingales were singing. There was a game of hide and seek on the lawn, and when the shrieks and laughter were subsiding, some one began to sing within. Rachel, entertaining the old ladies and gentlemen, and the rovers flocked round the windows to listen. I had sauntered with Captain Tyrdl into a grove to bear a nightingale, and I was weary to death of his company. He was trying to mnlre me promise to go to London. " Oh, let it rest," I said, " we will talk about it tn-mnrrow. Let us be merry to-night. We will play hide and seek again !" and I darted suddenly among the trees, and lay close behind n great oak. My squire lost me ; I heard him go past plunging through the underwood, and swearing a little. I lay still till he had given up the search and gone towards the house, and then, like the silly lamb in the spelling-book story, I came forth in the moonlight, and if I did not skip and frisk about with delight, I at least enjoyed myself after the only dismal fashion I could command. Captain Tyrrell was to me, in these days, a veritableold_nian„of_the sea. I .could, not get rid of him, and sometimes I thought in my most despairing moods that it was going to he my lot to carry him on my shoulders for the remainder of my .life. I was walking slowly, musing ruefully, when I saw a figure advancing to meet me on the pnth. I saw at a glance that it was John Ilollingford. The time had been when I would have flown gladly to meet him, linked my arm in his-, and seized the opportunity for one of our old talks about pleasant fancies. But this was not the friend I had known, nor was I any longer the simple girl who cnuld open her heart to trust, and delight in shining dreams. The pleasant fancies had been proved cheats, tho stars had fallen) I no longer looked up at the sky, but down to the ground. For a moment I shrank back, and would have hidden, hut then I thought bitterly, what did it matter? Unpleasant words must he said bctwpeu us, sooner or later. A very few would suffice. Better they were said at once. "Margery," said John, "people are looking for you, and talking about you. I have come to fetch you to the house. To tell the trutli I am glad of the opportunity of saying something which Iilb been long upon my mind. Will ycni hear with me a few minutes ?" " Yes," I said, " certainly. As long as lie pleased." And I tossed little pieces of twig over my shoulder, and prepared myself to listen. Oil, my dears, how defiant women will be, just for the fear of being pitied. '' You must know very well," lie continued, " what I am going to say. I havo a right to ask you for an explanation of your conduct for the past few weeks. People are couplirjfyour name Wjitli that of Captain Tyrrell, and with good reason.' You are so changed that I scarcely see a trace of the Margery I once knew. Child ! if you repent of the promise you have given me, tell me now nnd I will set you free. I remember the circumstances under which that promise was given. You, perhaps, exagger ated your own feelings; you have since renewed your acquaintance with peoplo and ways of life that suit you best. I will try not to blame you. Speak out at oiicp, and do not think of me." The truthful ring of feeling and reproae.h in his voice startled my ears, and set my heart struggling for liberty to give an honest response to this appeal. A few simple words would have been enough, but the recollection of all that I knew came hack too quickly. To conviction of his insincerity and injustice suddenly bewildered me with anger, keen in proportion to the desola tion I had suffered. " Sir," said I (we said sir tor politeness in tnosc days, my uearj, s loftily, coldly, and in utter despair, "I take you 1 at your word. Let the promise between us be i broken from this moment !" He. heaved a great sigh of relief, I thought, < and being near the house we parted with much politeness. Thus we put an end to our engage- i merit. Holy and indestructible I had believed it to he ; but then I was an ignorant little fool. People shake hands and say good-bye every day, and never dream of being so mad as to spoil to morrow with tears. As for me I did not wait for to morrow. That night wns piteous with the rain of my grief. But Graco was at hand to comfort, to counsel, to instruct, which she did with Iter own peculiar figure of speed), " You aro a brave little thing!" she said. "I am glad you had spirit to act on the first notice to quit. It would have been so much more humiliating to havo waited for a forciblo ejectment." Aud I promised to accompany her to London. CHAPTER XI. Mrs Hill had a pretty little bedizened boudoir, blue silk hangings elegantly festooned with bird cages ; couches and divans for its mistress's dogs and cats ; with a spare seat for a friend who might venture in at any time for a dish of private chit-chat with the lady of the hall. Into this apartment I was confidentially drawn by Mrs Hill on the morning after my moonlight conversation 'with John, as with heavy eyes and hectic cheeks, hut with a saucy tongue in reserve, specially sharpened, and a chin held at the extreme angle of self-complacency, and no toleration of interfer ence from others, I was sailing majestically down stairs to put my melancholy fingure as usual into the pie of the pleasures and pastimes of the day. " Come in, my dear," she said, mysteriously, with her finger to her lip, nodding her fittle fat face good humoredly at me, and making all her curls shake. " I think you are a very safe person, my love, and, besides, so fond of Ilachel. I would not trouble you with my news only that it is a secret, and a secret is a thing that I never could endure any length of time without bringing on hysterics. You are not fond of my darlings, I know. There, we will send away the noisiest." And Mrs Ilill hereupon tumbled some half- dozen fluffy bodies out of the window on the verandah below, and stood for the next few moments wagging her head and conquetting down at the ill-tempered looking brutes, who whined and 'scowled their resentment of the disrespectful treatment they had received " IIo, my beauties 1 ruu, skip, jump !" cried the lady, throwing up her little fat nrms. And the dogs, rolling their bodies into the sun at last, her attention returned to me. " I must tell you, my love," said she, drawing a letter from her pocket, and smoothing it upon her knee, " I must first confide to you in strict secrecy that our dear Rachel is engaged to ho married." Here tlio ecstatic fury of the singing birds reached snch a deafening climax that their mistress was obliged to pause in her communi cation, and to go round tho room dropping extinguishers of silk and muslin over the cages. " When -the pie was opened,- the birds began to sing," thought I, the pio being Mrs Hill's budget, and I had also time to consider that John must have sat up very late last night, or risen very early this morning to have ma le matters already so very happily matured. "I wonder if Grace would mind travelling a day sootier than site named," was the third thought that went whizzing through my head before Mrs Hill could proceed any further with the news that she had in store for me. " Yes," said Mrs Hill, " it is true that we are destined to lose her, and it is very kind ami sympathising of you, my dear, to look so miserable. You can readily imagine how I shall suffer— I, who have loved that girl far more than it I had been ten times over Iter mother." And the little lady wiped her eyes. " I told j<oii. my dear, that the matter is a secret. Old Sir Arthur wants his son to marry another lady, and Arthur Noble cannot marry without his father's consent. But, in the meantime, the children nre engaged, hoping for better days. And now there is a letter from the dear fellow saying he will he here this evening. Only I am" not to tell Ilachel, as he wants to surprise her. You will keep my counsel, Miss Dacre?" I murmured " Oh, certainly," but the things in the room were swimming about strangely, and my wits were astray. " And do you know, my dear (I feel I can tru3t you thoroughly), do you know I am exceedingly glad of this for many reasons. I have noticed poor young Ilollingford ! Rachel is__an attractive creature, and I fear a little in considerate. But the queen of beauty must he excused, my dear, and she is a queen, our Rachel. We cannot help the moths getting round the candle, can we?" After this I curtseyed, and made my escape as quickly as possible. " Poor young Ilolling ford ! Oh, John, John ! why have you brought yourself so low as this ?" I cried, across the wood to the farm chimneys. My children, there is a rambling old garden at tlio hack 'l,e hall, a spot which the sun never leaves. Wild tangles of shadow fall now as then on the paths, from the gnarled branches of moss-eaten apple trees. In the season of fruit, blushing peaches and plums, yellow and transparent as honey, hung from its ancient lichen- covered walls. Raspberry brambles, home out of their rank's by the weight of their crimson berries, strayed across the path. There were beehives ranged against the fiery creeper on the far end wall, and the booming of the. bees made a drowsy atmosphere in the place. This, together with the odur of stocks and wullflr.vers, was deliciously perceived as soon as your hand lifted the latch of the little green door, and regretfully missed when you closed it behind you. You know it, my children. I need not tell you that it is a homely retreat compared with the other gardens near, costly, curious, and prim, where the beds are like enormous bouquets dropped on the grass, and tho complexion of every fbwor is suited with that of its neighbour. But this old garden was always a favourite, for its unfailing sunshine, its murmurous repose, and the refreshing fragrance of its old-fashioned odours. Well, my dears, nil day long I stayed in my room, fighting a battle of sorrow and passion, and when evening came I stood at the window and saw the sun go down behind the trees of the old garden.. I bethought me of its soothing sights and sounds, and fled away to it, as to a sanctuary. Tliero is at) arbour under the wall, in the midst of a bed of lilies. I hid myself there, and looked out on the lily-cups brimming with sunset light, on the diving up and down of the birds, on the i:ttle golden clouds transfixed in the glory of the heavens. Not a soul breathed within the four high walls but myself, till the latch of tho little green door clicked, ami who should come hieing along the path but Rachel, her white evening dress tucked to one side, and a watering-pot in her hand. She had a favourite comer in this garden, which it was her pleasure to tend with her own hands. Tl\e inn was aown, ana me plants were thirsting. Ilachel was kind to all : kind to the dasies and me, kind to John, kind to her betrothed, Arthur Noble (I had not failed to pick up tho name), who was coming this evening to surprise her. Wlten and in what ccrner would the kindness end and cruelty begin? Watching through a rent screen of tangled flowers, tho fairy shapely figure flitting and swaying in tho after glory of the sunset, I wondered about it all. How would she act when her other lover arrived ? Would she turn her face, in which lived such pathetic truth, first on one, and then on the other ? Would she for a time give a hand in the dark to each, lacking courage to fling love for ever over her shoulder, and declare at once for the world ? Would she honestly dismiss John, confessing that she had chosen her patli ? or would she bravely destroy that which was unholy, nnd givo her hand to him before the world ? Contemplating the possibility, I felt my heart swell with some thing that was not selfishness ; aud I built a palnce in the air for John. Having done so, I heard the garden door click again, aud starting, looked, expecting to see John coming in to take possession of his palace on the instant. A man caine in, but lie wns a stranger. He took first one path, and then another, and glanced about him witli eyes un usual to tho place. Here, then, was Arthur Noble, arrived. He passed along the path below tho lily-bed, nnd I saw him well. He was a fine-looking fellow, sunburnt, like one who had seen foreign service, and handsome ; physically handsomer tha i John, I could see, with more of the dash of gallantry nnd air of the grand gentle man, hut with less of that something I have (tinted at before, soul-spirituality — what shall I call it, my dears, to escape being smiled at ? You have known John Ilollingford, and you will recognise the charm that I mean, something that — sick, or alllicted, or disfigured, or aged — must always make him' loveabie, and attract the pure of heart to his side. Well, Arthur Noble wns of a different stamp. How he would have looked out of tho sunshine of prosperity, I do not know; but he seemed made to he gilt by it from head to foot. He had a pleasant face, sunny and frank, a high bred niusterfui air, and an amiable courtly man- ner. Physical ly ho had all the fine points of a Saxon hero, fair hair, blue eyes, powerful frame. Yet gay, and debonnuir, and happy as lie looked, I pitied hira a little, going past to find Rachel. A little, not a great deal, for I judged Lira (wioogly, as it afterwards proved), to be one who would love iightiy, nnd he easily consoled by a world whoso darling he must he. I saw their meeting, and John's aerial palace crumbled away into dust. There wns no mis taking Rachel's face,' the glow that transfigured it when she turiiud by chnncemnd saw the figuro advancing towards her. She sprang to meet him with hands extended, gown tucked asido ns it was, and visibly flying feet ; nnd he, striding on, opened his arms to receive her, and folded them reverently about her, liko a true knight embrac ing his bride. " And what nbnut John ?" I said, angrily, as I watched tho two walking up and down between the roses, talking ns eagerly and joyously as if thy had just received a charter for pprpetua! happiness. That was a dull evening for some of us at the hall. Rachel and her betrothed sat apart and talked. Grace played chess with Mr Hill, nnd, to escape from Captain Tyrrell. I kept close to Mrs Hill. " I am quite in a dilemma, my dear," she whispered to me. " There is young Holling- ford, who lias been coming about the hall so much, and will lie coming about ; and then here is Arthur Noble ; and you know, my dear, or perhaps you do not know, that there has been a dreadful feud between their fathers. They were once friends, hut poor Mr Ilollingford — you know all about him, and Sir Arthur Noble wns a heavy loser. Sir Arthur is very vindictive, I must say. I do not think his son is of the same temper, but it might be unpleasant, their meeting. Mr Hill, who is quite bewitched about young Ilol lingford. will say, 'Pooh, pooh ! let the lads meet and be friends; ' but I am not. at all so sure that there will not he an awkwardness. 1 declare I am quite at my wits' end." I professed myself unable to give advice on this subject ; and, in deed, I felt that I ought now to regard myself as a dying person, who lias no further concern with the interests of people around mo. I saw a reason why John Hollingford and Mr Noble were not likely to he friends, even il their fathers had been brothers. And the little lady's petty grievance worried me. And all things troubled me, for in three days I was to leave Ilillsbro' for London with the Tyrrells. crurTF.it xii. The next morning I set off for a solitary walk to the farm. I was going to ask of Mrs Hollingford formal permission for my visit to London, and to say good-bye to her and the girls. I cried sadly to myself walking over the happy moor and through tlio wood. I felt unutterably lonely and woebegone. I was going to part from my only friends, and the separation was at hand. I knew that Mrs Ilollingford would blame me, nnd I felt it hardly worth my while to defend myself. I had quarrelled with John, and broken our engagement. I was going to London with gayer friends. Everything was against me ; all the wrong seemed mine. I knew that the dear old lady would say little, only look- sad and disappointed, thinking in her heart t hat things were turning out as she had prophesied ; would give mo fuli permission to go where I pleased, and do what I pleased ; would kiss and bless nie ; and then I should have the wido world before me. It was a radiant May day. A saint lias said that " pea'ce i3 the tranquillity of order ;" ami such a peace brooded ovnr the happy farm as I crossed its sunny meadows, heard the bleating of its lambs, the lowing of its kino, met its labourers coming and going. An idl>-r was piping somewhere in the fields, the rooks, were cawing, the leaves on the boughs just winked in the breez", the hall door lay open as usual. I did not see a soul about, and I walked in without summoning anyone. I opened t .e parlour door ; the plaeo smelt of May and myrtle, and tliero were fresh roses in tho jars, hut there was no one there. No ono in the kitchen, dairy, still-room ; tho maids were abroad this glorious noon. I went up-stairs, looking for a face in vain till I came to our school-room. There was Jane alone, sitting at the table over some hooks, her head between her hands, her hair thrust hack from her face, looking older and paler and thinner since I hud seen her; a stern, sad-looking young student, with her hack to the sun that burned upon the lattice. Her face turned scarlet when she saw me, and then became paler than before. She gave me her hand coldly, as if she would rather have held it by her side. Her mother was oat, she said ; had gone to vi-.it at a poor house where there was death and trouble, and would not he home till evening. Mopsie had taken the dogs for a ramble. Then we both sat down and were silent, and Jane's eves wandered over everything in the room, hut would not meet mine- " I am going to London, Jane." I said, " and I came to hid you 'good-live." "I knew," she said. "John told me." And she blushed again fiercely. " I am very glad. .1 have thought for a long time that London was the place that would suit you best. I knew you would_sqpn tire of the farm." " I have not tired of the farm," I said, " but the farm has tired of me." She glanced up amazed, then smiled bitterly, and turned asido her head without speaking, as if such utter nottsenso could not be thought worthy of an answer. " However," I added, " I did not come here to talk about that' ." " No," she interrupted, hastily, it is not worth your while to make any pretence to us. We do exoect to have friends ; we never thought of it till you came. In time we shall get used to the curse our father left upon us." " Jane, Jane," I said, angrily, " how can you he so wicked ?" " How can I help being wicked ?" she asked. " I heard that it was prophesied of us that we should all turn out badly, because ill conduct runs in the blood." " You do not deserve to have such a mother," I said. " Oh ! my mother !" she said, in an altered tone. " But she has given all her sweetness to Mopsie, and — to John," she added, with an effort, a tear starling iu hor eye. " But I am my father's daughter. She would cure me too, if she knew of my badness ; hut she is n saint, and thinks no evil. 1 work hyd at my books, and she culls me a good, industrious girl. I will never pour out my bitterness on her. But if my father were here, I would let him know whet ho has done." Tho hopeless hardness of her young voice smote mo with pain, but I could think of nothing to say to her. I felt that she thought I had been false to John, and that her sympathy for him had stirred all the latent bitterness of her nature. " And haw is the young lady at tho hall ?" she asked, suddenly. " Do you mean Miss Leonard ?" I said. " Oil, yes — Miss Leonard," said Jane dropping her eyes on the floor with a strange look. " Very well," I answered, thinking of the jubilee that was going on at the hall. " There i3 . inoro wickedness in the world than mine," said June, still frowning at the carpet. "She is false, and you aro false — every one is false, I only know of two grand souls in the world — my mother and John. But the wicked ones wil prosper, see if they don't — those who are gaj and charming, at leust. Bad ones go down like a stone, and lie at the bottom." At this moment an eager treble voice wai heard on the stairs, and the next Mopsie and I were crying, with our heads together, on the lobby. " Oh, Margery, Margery I" sobbed the little one — " dear, darling, sweet Margery I why aro you going away ? You promised you would always stay. Oh, ol), Margery !" Ah hour passed heforo I could tear myself away from the child. Jane prepared luncheon, which was not eaten; but she did not nttempt to share in our sorrow nnd caresses. When I turned from the door Mopsie wns prostrate, weeping on the mat ; and Jane was standing upright in the doorway, straight, stern, and pale. So I went sorrowing hack to the hall. And I had hot seen Mrs Ilollingford. Had I seen her that day, had her errand of mercy not taken Jier away from her home and kept her away while I stayed, the whole current of my life and of the lives of others might have been changed. She would then havo had no reason to come and visit me the next morning at the hall, as she did. I was busy packing in my own room, enliven- ing my work by humming gay airs, just to make believe to myself that I was very merry at the prospect of my visit to London. The door open ed quickly, ami Ilachel came in, walking on tip toe, with her hands to her lips in trepidation. Her face was as pale as snow, and large tears stood in her eyes. " My mother, my mother ! " she said, liko one talking in her sleep. " I have seen my mother." " What do you mean, Ilachel ? " I cried, quito panic-stricken ; for I thought that her mother was dead, and slio must havo seen a ghost. " My mother— Mrs Ilolliiig- ford ; you know her; you are her truo daughter; for I am nobody— a liar, an outcast. Oh, oh, Margery ! she <li«' not know rae. Am I changed ? I wns a child then. And she— oh, God ! how sunken her eyes are, and dim !— she did not know me. 'And this is Miss Leonard!' she said ; and I hung my false face, aud curtseyed from the distance, and ran nwny, Oh, God ! my mother ! Margery, Margery ! " The strange confused words passed like light into my brain. First the room grew dark, and then so bewildering light, that I could see no thing. But presently Rachel's white face, with its piteous look, came glimmering towards me. I stretched out both my hands to her, hut she melted from my toucli ; what colour of life re mained in her face faded away from it, aud she fell in a swoon at my fpet. To be concluded in our next. 