Wht (¡Erogue FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1868. THE advocates of a Customs union aro again agitating in Viotoria with a view to tire* adoption of their theory, and tho Chamber of Commerce in Melbourne has passed a resolu- tion inviting the Ohambor of Commerco in Sydnoy to join in endeavouring to induce their respective Governments to take steps to bring about the result it is desirod t9 accom- plish. The ; necessity for tho initiation of the Zollvoroin principio and the advantages to be dorivod ari not very clearly stated. It sooms to bo considered desirable that one uniform tariff should exist in tho Australian colonies for the purpose of re- leasing trade from its trammels, and thus enabling merchants to interchange com- modities between the colonies without the .interference of so muoh of Customs super- vision as beaomcs nooessary for revonuo pro- tection. It remains for the xneroantilo mon of New South Wales to consider well the advantages promised without losing sight ,of the possibly greater benefits to ¡be derived by the quartor from whioh tho proposition comes Tho disadvantages now suffered by "Victoria cannot be of over- whelming magnitude, for whenover a really reliable return is furnished it will be dis- covered that an enormous amount of business is carried on between Viotoria and Queens- land in which New South Wales has no in- terest beyond carrying «¡he goods between the ports. The Sydney merohant has no sharo whatever in this traffic, and is in a largo measure debarred from it by tho pernicious stato of things brought about by the infliction of ad valorem duties. In Viotoria the bonding system admits such facilities that very little loss is incurred beyond the cost of rc-pa»king. In Sydnoy, on the. oontrary, nineteen^ twentieths of the goods subjcot to ad valorem aré, when they are exported, Bubjcot to a positive loss of 5 per cont., tho law not allow- ing drawback on re-packed goods. It may safely be asserted that any falling off there may be in the export of goods from this colony to Queensland is mainly attributable to the manner in which our. commerce is hampered by ad valorem duties, and by the greater facilities open to tho Holbourne merchants, by tho bonding and drawback system. We remember that.u boast was onoo. made that every opportunity would be offered to merchants to sort and deal with ad valorem goods in bond. But it is quite oertain that merohants in Sydney, never having cared to take advantage ol suoh ' real or imaginary opportunities, must have been placed at a serious disadvan- tage in executing Queensland orders, and that consequently Melbourne travellers have beon able to offer goods at rates below those sub- mitted to by Sydney men. Why is it that wo are called upon*by Vic- toria to give our adhesion to a system of com- mercial communism ? We bavo a treaty now existing with Viotoria, and thc sooner we are rid of it the better it will be for our interests. So far as we can at present understand the question, tho desire of Viotoria to secure a Customs union is on tho ono hand to fasten protective duties on the whole of the colonies, and on the side of the Viotorian freo traders-a wish to plaoo the trade of the ether oólonies on the same footing with their own, with all its acknowledged defects. It is a question whether it is desirable that one: uniform tariff should bo adopted for tho whole of the Australian colonies. The circum- stances of caoh colony are so dissimilar, and their interests so oonflioting, that it ap- pears an impossibility to agree upon unifor- mity in the construction of a tariff, unless'it is narrowed down to so small a number of articles as that now contained in the British tariff.; If spirits, wine, tobacco and cigars, tea, sugar, and coffee, were the only articles subjected to duty, there might be loss diffi- culty in meeting the views of.'our Viotorian neighbours, and a large stride would be ac- complished in securing, just so muoh of free trade as Great'Britain now possesses But we know quite well that all tho colonies are more or less'loaded with debt, and that of late yoars new taxes have been the rule, even to meet current expenditure. Under these circumstances, the degree of liability must in- fluence the extent of taxation ; and wo may be quite sure that Viotoria is not prepared co pare down ber tariff to tho article's we havo above named. Thc efforts of free traders in Now South Wales are directed to the return to a simple tariff, and we trust that this may bo accomplished at no vory distant date ' by the substitution' of almost any other form of taxation than that of ad valorem through!., the Custom House. ; Is it reasonable that tho hands of a Treasurer should be tied by pre- venting him from obtaining any increase from the Customs, exaent bv. the consent of all the other colonies? ; supposing it possible to agree .in tba firs: instance.' - Even on the' articles subj oat to fixed duties there ¡is a considerable dilterenoe ip the amountB levied whiphcould not easily be adjusted. The idea that the adoption of à Oustoms;uniou: would greatly lessen tho coBt of¡eolleótipn of the revenue by eoch (government is so absurd that we wonder any deliberative body could have committed itself to such, a notion by' resolution. If ships could arrive and bo allowed to discharge and load without hindrance it might in a measure brin); about a reduction in the cost,of collection j but as each colony would have tb keop a staff to oolleot duties on all goods imported subjoot tb duty, from ports and, pjaecB other than the contracting colonies^ the prospect of a reduction is .highly improbable, especially when it ia con- sidered ; that i a system of permits' and certificates without end would . soon be ¡ brought about to check tho fraud and miaro presentation à Customs'union would engender. Tho argument, of a reduction in the cost of collection looks v.ryi well .on paper. It might lead to a reduction of expense if tho ¡colonies were joined together, for other pur poste. It might be urged that one Governor. could represent her Majesty foi tho whole c the colonies. It might be argued that on Parliament would bo quito sufficient to rul over the length and breadth of Australii Our experience proves otherwise. Viotori cried out long and lustily to be soparate from New South Wales, and is noi so proud cf its achievement tba she celebrates tho day on whio! tb at separation took plooo. Wo all noi admit the wisdom, of the step, and aoknow lodge the benefits wo have rcoeived from i Queensland followed in due oourje, and th progresa of that colony since separation he ' been most astonishing. Is all this to b ¡undone? Are we,, whoso differing interest made it imperative to divido our groat conti neut, to retraoo oar steps by agreoing to CuBtoms union, tho effeot of whioh will cer tainly bo to trammel our trade and cripple ou energies by joining us together on'a questioi in whioh the groatest freedom and latitud is required, and which is likely to be .1 fertile Bouroo of misunderstanding ? Th proposal to distribute tho amount of Customi duty oollooted by the union, on the basis o population, is in itself a m¡3tako. Wo pai now for that which we consume; but ando* tho systom proposed, the colony paying th< greatest amount in Customs taxation miga 'receive the smallest amount in tho distribu- tion. This soho me would not tend tc abolish thc preventive servioo. It would still be necessary to keep up the same staff foi statistical returns. It would not" give an j greater facilities to shipping. It would fasten upon us an objectionable modo of taxation, land iflfliot upon us an unsuitable tariff. Wc are rather young as colonies to oommence reciprocity treaties, or any othor incum branccs, on that free notion so desirable in a young community. ; A telegram from Mclbourno reports the arrival papers from Batavia, stating that tho person calli: himself "Count Von Attorns,"'- at least a pers claiming to be an Austrian Count-had arrived Sourabaya from Austrnlia ia his yacht, which, 1 presume, is tho famous " Hamid's Ghost." A ft days ago wo quoted from a northern Queensla: journal to the effect that tho soi-disant Count had li Somerset, Cape Yorke, towards tho end of Augi la6t, probably about the 2-lth er 25th, after leavii despatches for the captain of the expected " Austri; frigate," with orders to follow him on to Timor, ai also letters for his " Sydney bankers," whieh it is ba hoped that thoy hnvo duly roceived. Batavia pape of tho 21et October following scorn to bear out t! fact that this adventurer did roally proceed to Jav but instead of going on at once to Batavia, as it w understood that ho intended to do, ho pulled up aboi four hundred milos to tho eastward of it, at Sourabay in latitude 7 degreos ll minutes 39 seconds soutl longitude 112 degrees 55 minutes east, not fi from the Strait of Bally Batavia is latitude 0 degrees S minutes south, longitude 1( (logrees 52 minutes east, and lies near tho Strait Sunda, at the extreme opposite end of tho Island < Java, "Whother or not tho " Ceunt," had a specii desire to discover how the " trade winds" bio between Batavia and Sourabaya we ct only conjecture- It seems, however, th tho great success of his previous enterpiis encouraged him to similar ventures amongst the Dutt East Indians, for we learn that tho authorities, su pecting something, and having learnt a little moro probably through some arriral at Batavia-suspecte the " Count's" bills of exchange, which ho had ncgi tiated or attempted to ¡negotiate; and so, to maka sui of him, placed him in oustody until inquiries could h made. Wo may presume, therefore, that the Hamlet' Ghost has been put out of commission and laid up i ordinary; and it is not impossible that ehe ma yet find her way back to her disconsolate own< in Brisbane, who' would no doubt bo glad t give bock in exchange . the bills which he has nt found at all exchangable. As to any further restiti tion, whatever gratification may bo felt by others wh suffered their adoration of supposed rank te mislca them may feol at the superior vigilance of our Bate neighbours, they may bid farewell to the proceed: net or gross, of all bills of exchange, promissor, notes, 1.0 U.'s, or other documents which they ma; hold as security for gooda sold, or cash advance on account of this adventurous and epecu lativo voyage. When tho warrant to arree the "Count" arrived at Somerset he had bee: two days gone; and it was not long before h got clear of British waters, At Sourabaya. th nearest point of tho Australian mainland, Oap Bougainville, was some nins hundrod mileaaway, am he was justified in considering himself pretty eaf from Australian warrants. Tho Dutch traders om colonists, however, are very strict guardians of com mercial good faith and honesty, and, when they hav settled thoir own business with the " Count" they wil not be anxious, perhaps, to interpose any strong inter national objections to any one endeavouring to got bin within British'jurisdiction, if any should think i woith while. Aftor all, perhaps, tho best courso fo: tho victims might be to take Dogborry's advice-ti let bim go, and .to be thankful that they have got rit of a knave. Whore he had intended to go to fron Sourabaya cannot be known. Ho had certainly man aged his voyage, thus -far, very successfully; but hi c >uld not have expected to negotiate much paper a1 Borneo: while at Cochin China he would havo fount that the French knew too much for kim, and all u¡ tho China Sea ha would have fallen in irith shrew customers to deal with, if not old acquaintances, Hil career, however, seems to hare been etoppod for th< present; but, whether that be so or not,.ho'will novel again find a community HBO that of Australia-sc capable of' driving a hard bargain and of exacting !th< strictest securities when dealing with commoners, bm so cosily .smoothed down and jed by tho nose whet they believe Uaemselves to bo honoured with tb< patronage of d nobleman! i POLITICAL.-It is' generally understood nmonj those who profess to be well Informed in such mai tere, that as soon as .Parliament reassembles th Government.will be met bys votii of censure ii reference to the non-pdit cai status' of tho presen .Attorney.General, abd tho transí-r:'of asmó of th! ditties and patronage of that office to'the Ohief Socro tory's Department It ia said that ' tho motion wil be brought"ferwari by Mr. Parkes, and thit he wil haye the co-operation of ITr.'ilartia and hie friends. i Tas MiKiSXEB ron-LASns.-The Hon. Wm. Forstel roturnod to Sydney yesterday raornin.-,- at half-past £ o'clock, per 1'ito King, steamer] which left Cundletown on Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock, «nd crossed' the bar it 0.30 on Wednesday morning. Wo uudérstiiid that after tho election, tho'hon; gentleman' rode ' from Port Alaiquaris; lp Cundletown in two days, arriving there last linday. November 20th, about 2.p.m. On tho next day (21a-) ilr. Forster had à meeting in'thoùittle town obovdimantioned; and having Bpoken-f er a couple of hours, got th« usual vote-of ^confidence. On Mon- day, November 23rd, a .meeting 1 was held at; Taree, about four miles .-iuxther up- th« Manning Hiver, .with . ubstnntialy the enme result' 'Mr. Horace M)tan I oecôndod a Tote, cciigratulaiing Mr. Forster ùpori|bis I reelection. ¡. : i 