THE NEWS OF THE DAT. Tho trustees of church reserves, a great many of which aro superfluous, received warn ing somo six or soven years ngo, that if not improved according to the conditions of reser vation, the lando would bo resumed. The Com missioner of Grown Land and Survey is now taking action upon that notice. The iirat taken psssession of is that .poition of land held in reserve by tbo Presbyterian body, consisting of two acres running right through from Victoria - street to Albert street, East Collingwood. Thia fino block of ground has been for years let to per Bons who have erected thereon a number of squalid tenements which aro a displace to tho locality, and no steps have been taken to carry out tho original intention of tho reservation, except to bnild a school nnd a school master's dwelling on one corner ef the ground. On Mr Grant's intention becoming known to submit to auction the unappropriated portion of tho land, _tt deputa tion from tbo Presbyterian body waited upon him and protested against the sale, alleging that the land was required lor tno erection oi a manso and a church. Mr Grant thought there wasnotinnch necessity for a church in _ that locality as there was a large roaprvo within less than a quarter of a mile on whioh a church was built (Chalmers Church), and if a mans9 was required, there was ample room to erect one behind the schoolbouso, which ho would with hold from sale. It ib the intention of the Lands department to offer tho remainder of tha land for sale in sis allotments, leaving a right-of-way between them and tho slip of land occupied by tho school and schoolmaster's dwelling, and tho sito of the manso. It ia said to be the intention of tho trustees of this land to apply for an injunction to the Supremo Court to prevent the sale. Such a step will bo of little avail, for if a deed of grant had been obtained, any departure such as that complained of from tbo purposes for whioh the land was granted would justify the Crown in resuming posses sion, and in all deeds of grant this Btipnlation is definitely set out. A similar step has boen taken by Mr Grant with a portion of the land adjoining the Bishop's Palace, and reserved as a site for a deanery. It is^ but recenwj ^uat stepa have boen taken, aad a building com menced for a deanery, but only one-half of the ground set apart by tho Crown has been appro priated for that purpose, the remainder being divided- off by a fence and used as a kind of backyard and paddock by the Bishop. Pre viously the whole of the ground had been used as a paddock and Bown with green sinff. It has been decided to sell the northern portion of tho ground, about half an acre in extent. The action taken by Mr Grant towards the Pres byterians and Episcopalian Churches haB alEO been pursued towards the Wesleyons. A re serve of two acros at the corner of Hotham and Powlett street, which has been in pos session ot the Wenleyon body for some years, ftnd which lias not even been enc'.or.sd or bnilt upon in any way, will be wholly withdrawn and offered for sale. Several reserves belong ing to the other denominations will bo similarly dealt with. It is tho intention of tho Government to submit to public auction the land known aa tho Eastern-hill Water-tank llaserve. Tho sale will shortly be gazetted. The investigation into the charges ngainst the trafiio superintendent of tho Victorian Eailways, and tho counter charges against tho secretory, will bo at once proceeded with, tho hon. Mr Bindon having been appointed chair man of the board. Thia appointment may bo looked upon as a guarantee that tho inquiry will bo conductod in a manner at onca search ing and impartial. Vigorous exertions aro being made by tbo authorities to prevent tho waste of tho Yun Yfliui water in t\ie suburbs. Fonr persons were fined in Prahran yesterday for allowing the water to run to waste ; and ajt the Filzroy Court no less than fiftoen householders wore fined 10s for tho same offence. If the 10a fine bo insisted upon by the magistrates, tho practice of wasting the water will soon bo put a stop to ; but hitlierto the line— generally either Is or 2s Gd — has boon [much too small to deter wrongdoers. An application was yesterday made to the judges in Banco for tho rulo nisi for now trial in tho case of Samuel Benjamin, acquitted at the Criminal Sessions on tho charge of fraudu lent insolvency. The ground of motion was that Mr Justice Molesworth, who tried tho case, had wrongfully declined to allow deposi tions at tho Insolvent Conrt to be taken as evi dence. Their Honors refused tho application, holding that ths caso waa not of such an ex traordinary nature as to justify a departuro from the general rule that a prisoner when onco ac quitted on a charge coald not be tried again for it. A meeting of tho inhabitants of Northcate and tho district was held last night at tho Peacock Hotel, Northcote, to consider as to tho desirability of advocating that tho Ovens Railway ought to be taken on the lino of Yan Yean trnmway instead of by the E3sondon line. A motion affirming the meeting's preference for tho Yan Yean tramway boing adopted as tho line was carried unanimously, and Messrs Bas tings aud Mitchell, members of the Epping Road Board, were appointed delegates to at tend n meeting of other delegates from Fitz roy, Marong, -freston, wmtcieBoa ana iipping, to bo held next Monday at tho Foresters' Hall, Preston. A meeting of tho Pilot Beard was held yes terday, to inquire into tho cause of the striking of the ship Kmpress of the Seas whilst enter ing the Rip on tho 5th Novomber, under tho charge of pilot Singleton. Tho sitting was, however, adjourned until Monday next. At the usual weekly meeting of the committeo of management of tho Benevolent Asylum, held yesterday, there were present Mr Mara den intha ohair, Rev. M. Rintol, Messrs Hinds, Wild, Zos, Carson, Sturt, Tankard, M'Pherson, Dickson, O'Brien and Dr. Fetherston. The state of the house was reported as follows : — Males 3G1, females 141. Total 502. Mr Zox said that in consequence of Judge Molosworth having decided that the £1000 appropriated to tho asylum from tho Taranaki relief fund Bhould ba voated in trnstees under tho seal of tho institution, he gave notice of motion that trustees bo appointed and a seal for the corpo ration bo procured. Messrs Reed and Barnes, architects to tho asylum, wrote expressing sur prise at the resolution passed by tha committee at tho previous meeting, providing that all plans paid for by tbo oommitteo should remain their property. Tho writers stated that they could not assont to tho annulling of a long established legal right of the architectural profession. They acknowledged the incouvo nienco and oxpeuse caused by the committeo not being in possession of tho drawings con nected with tho institution, and had been ?will- ing to do their best to remedy it by giving tho committeo copios of all geueral drawings and specifications prepared by tkem for fnture works, and to consider such as donations ts tho institution ; but thoy considered them selves precluded from doing this while such a resolution as that passed last week remained in force. Oil tho motion of Mr Dickson, it was agreed to consider tho architects' leiter at the next weekly meeting. A donation of clothing was announced from Dr. M'Carthy. There were nineteen applicants for admission, of whom six were received. Tho tender of Mr Enoch Chambers has been accepted for tho erection of a tank and engine in the Botanical Gardens, for the purpose of raising water from the Yurra for tbo irrigation of the gardens. The price is £59 IO3. The Rev. G. MacMo writes to us in reference to a paragraph on what is known as tho Albnry scandal case, which appeared in yesterday's issue. He says thero is no scandal affecting tho Presbyterian minister at Albury, who baa occupied his present position thero for 17 yearB, without the slightest suspicion having ever been breathed against him. MrMaokioadds that tho Presbyterian form of church govern ment renders it certain that if a scandal ariso against any minister amenable to its jurisdic tion, it will very speedily and very fully bo in vestigated, and the community will kuow tho end of it. We may remind oar correspondent that tho paragraph of which ho complains was simply a quotation from a leading article feund in a local paper presumed to know something about the matter in question ; and that instead of attaching any importance to the alleged scandal, tho opinion was expressed most de cidedly that it was ' totally wanting in tho appearance and evidence of truth.' Wo say further that if wrong has been done to a good man by tho admission of tho paragraph into our columns, it has been done unwittingly on our part. A curious caso ef mistaken idoutity oc curred on Wednesday. It appears that on the recent arrival of tho immigrant Bhip Conflict in the Bay tho whole crew was paid off, amongst them two men named Thomson, one second mate of the vessel, aud the other an ordinary seaman. The latter went to lodge at the house of a person in Spencor-terrace, off Spencer-stroet, and indulged in an. almost uninterrupted drinking bout. On Monday morning ho was in a state of delirium, and in endeavoring to force his way into tho street in his nightdress at 5 a.m., fell upon his head and burst a blood vessel in the brain, of whioh he died soon after. An inqnest was hold on the body on Tuesday, before Mr Candler, and owing, it is Btated, to information supplied by Mr Shillinglaw, tho Government shipping master, it was understood that tho deceased was Thomson, tho second officer of the Con flict. It happened that £9 wages was coming to the mate, and Captain Boyd, on hearing of the supposed death of tho man, intimated to tho police that ho would advance tho amount for funeral requisites. Daniel Thomson, tho mate, was not a littlo surprised to read in the morning papers of Thursday a report of au inquest held upon himself. Ho immediately presented himself at tho oflico of the shipping master, who wns not a littlo startled at the ap parent resurrection, but ia a short time the mystery was cleared up, ao far as ho was con corned. Wo have Adelaide liloa to tho 2-lth inst. Ac cording to the Register of that date, all the South Australian colonists in London appear to be highly pleased with the appointment of Sir James Fergu3son to the Governorship of the colony. On Monday a carte, de vhite of Sir James was exhibited at the Exchange. It came from tho Agent-General, bearing his ' regards to tho colony of South Australia.' Judging from tho appearance of tho photo graph, it is not a recent one, as it makes tho new Governor look much younger than ho is at tho present time. From private letters received by the mail, tho Register learns that numbers of tho Northern Territory land-order holders regard with anything but satisfaction the Northern Territory policy, of which they have received notice. Ono gentleman says : ? » 1 hardly daro trust myself when writing on tho Northern Territory.' Another writer remorkB :-— ' I called upon the Agent- General yesterday, but he would not commit himself by a single word as to what wonld be tho rosult of the Northern Torritory debates. This morning I was startled at reading in the Times city article a paragraph cautioning tho public a'ains,t tho loan, as the good faith of the colony just at present is not in tho most un questionablo position.' A third correspondent observes that the letter in tho Times will likely cause the colony to lose some thousands of pounds. The Pall Mall Gazette having revived Dr. Knox's prediction that England must ulti mately lose her colonies, because, being Saxons, the colonists will insist on governing themselves, the Duko of Manchester suggests, as a meanB of averting such an event, that tbo colonies ' should obtain a share in tho government of tho empire by means of a council composed of representatives of the United Kingdom und of tbo colonies in dno proportions, and this council should bo con sulted on nil questions ?which affect the colo nies as well at the United Kingdom, or more than one colony.' The arrangements for the raising of the City of Lauuceston are supposed to be com plete, but there ia a preat deal of superiluous mystery assumed. The Resolute steaming proceeded to the scene of the wreck yesterday nnd returned, and as far 03 can bo gleaned Mr Maqnay has got everything dowa, and is only awaiting a favorable opportunity to commence lifting. The Resolute was to have started again this morning, and remain till tho experiment has proved a success or a failure. In reply to a request from a number of per sons resident in Ballarat, a notification has been received from tho Chief Secretary's de partment, stating that arrangements will bo made for the holding of Civil Service examina tions in Ballarat. This will, no doubt, tend to promote wholesome emulation in education, both in tho town and tho neighboring districts, as tho expense of a journey to Melbourne has prevontcd maiiypersons attending the examina tion there. Tho swindler who, under tha name of Von Attem, has been representing himself as an Austrian count, has come to grief. After victimising a few people at Capa York, ho soiled in his yacht, tho Hamlet's Ghost, to Batavia, where, on attempting his usual game, he was quietly lodged in jail, pending further inquiries. We shall likely hear more of him by and bye. Wo are informed that James Madden, mes senger at ono of the Government offices, has not yet been found. It is trao he was seen near Raleigh's Punt on Monday last, but nothing hasboen heard of him since. Any informatiou will b6 thankfully received by his wife or tho police. At tho meeting of the Sandridgo Council last evening, the town sarvoyor submitted a plan showing how the Sandridgo lagoon might bo converted into a dock for vessels drawing from 12 to 15 feet of water, at a primary cost of .£7300. The council decided that a deputation should Beek an intorview with tho Commis sioner of Public Works in rcBpact to opening tho mouth of the lagoon by sheath-piling to inako it available for dock accommodation. A woman named Julia Langdon, aged thirty seven years, residing at Collingwood, was admit ted to tho Melbourne Hospital last evening, suffering from the effects ot a doso of kero sene, administered by herself. A matrimonial squabble is stated to havo boen tho causo of the foolish act. An adjourned meeting of tbo Williamstown Racing Club was held last evening at Withers's Steam Packet Hotel. Several gentlemen were elected members of the club, and somo formal business was Uaesactod. Tho amount of sub scription necessary to bo paid to become a member vras reduced to £1. A very gratifying report has been received of the operations of tho 42nd section of the Amending Land Act in tho Rokewood district, including tho parishes of Comaneralghip, Corandhip, and Warambino. Thoro are 82 holdings, including about 3000 acres. The value of the improvements is set down at about £10,GQ0 ; tho value of tho mate rial and crops about £4000; and the number of acres undor cultivation about 000\. Tho improvements on ono allotment, consisting of 3 acres 2 roods and 3 perches, are set down at £1000. The buildings consist of a publichouso, butcher's shop, cottage and a largo stable, all of substantial timber. Tbo valuo of tho matorials and crops on the land is estimated at £500. Within tho parishes named there are about 300 persons located on tho land, and the improvements range from £25 to £1000. The season has not proved so favorable to tho now settlors as could bo de sired, but they indulgo ia hopes of improving their condition evory year. In reviowing a book entitled ' Australia in 1860,' written to discredit the Australian colo nies in tho estimation of the mother country, tho English Independent spiritedly denies the alleged failure of tho political institutions of Australia. ' Confining ourBelves,' it says, ' to Now South Wales, we assert that under tho leadership of Henry Parkes and Jamea Martin tho Legislature of that colony has placod upon tho statute-book within tho last three years acts that would add lustro to the hiBtory of any country. When Bhall England have enrolled among her laws the right of all her children to be odncatod ? When shall wo see in action a complete scheme for tho pre vontion of crime and tho reformation of young criminals? With'in the same period an important bill establishing municipalities throughout tho land has boen passed, whilo railway and telegraphic communication — a work entirely in the hands of Government — has boen forwarded with amazing oarnestnass. Do these facts tell of failure or incompetency 1 ' It also condemns the spirit in whicli the writer invariably treats tho public, men of whom he writes who happen to be opposed to his own views. A concert was given in tbo East Colling wood Orderly-room, Victoria-parade, on Wed nesday evening, in aid of tho fund for enlarging the Trinity School buildings. Mr J. H. Allen was the conductor, Miss Allen tho pianist, and the ladies and gentlemen who gave their ser vices on the occasion wero from tho choirs of several churcboB. Miss Watson Bang several soIob with great taste, and the same may bo said of the'.Misses Livingstone and Ivey. Tho latter has' a lino mezzo-soprano voice, and is evidently capable of moro effective per formances than even those of Wednesday evening, if u more suitable choice of pieces were made for her. Tho gentlemen soloists were Mr G. A. Johnson, Mr Clarke and Mr R. Spensley. Tho rich bass tones of the latter gentleman, wero greatly appreciated. The spirited daet, ' Love and War,' was ren dered by Messrs Johnson and Spensley with immense effect. Mr Clarks's tenor songs were also inneh admired. The choruses and part songs went au the whole very well ; tho beat of them wero perhaps, 'Tho Lily' and ' Sleep, gentle Lady.' A vote of thanks was accorded to all the contributors to the entertainment on the motion of tho Rev. Mr Wollastou. Tho Kyneton Observer is informed by Mr W. E Hughes, cabowner, of Kyneton, that he is about to institute proceedings in the Su preme Court ngainst Mr Windsor, of tho MI. A. Mail office, CusUomaine, for allogod false im prisonment, laying his damages at £500. Mr Hughes was given in charge to the police by Mr Windsor laBt week in connection with some dispute that, occurred betweon them as to a cab fare which Mr Hughes considered Mr Windsor liablo for, and which that gentloman declined at first to pay, but afterwards paid. An appeal caso, Beauchamp v. Sturt, post poned from tho last General Sessions, was heard yesterday in the County Court, before Judge Pohlraau and Mr Grooves. The appel lant, Beauchamp, it will be remembered, was fined £100 for having in his poesossion a number of obscene photographs. Tho photographs were discovered on the promises of Mr Davies, by whom the appellant was employed, but as it appeared the prisoner really hud them in his possession ho was fined on thui, account. Mr Aspinall yesterday prosecuted the appeal, and Mr Dunne supported the decision of tho city bench. When the case was callod on Mr As pinall urged that the conviction was bad on the face of it, inasmuch as it alleged that the prisoner was convicted for being concerned in having the photographs in his possession, whereas thero was no power in tho statute to convict for having snch goods in possession. After hearing argument on the point raised the court deoidod that it was a valid ono, and dis charged the original conviction. A singular case was heard before the Balla rat Police Court yesterday. Daniel Walker, a rough looking child of about ten years, Mary Walker, his mother, and Michael Daly, his uncle, wero brought up charged with stealing £131 fcoin Jessie Gait. It appeared from tho evidence of tho girl that she was playing with some children at the Garibaldi claim, and on knacking over a stoiio she found a bag con taining a quantity of money. Tha lad Walker immediately claimed it on behalf of a lad named John Ryau, who lived in the bush. Allan Gait, father of the prosocutrix, deposed to hearing from hia daughter of tho finding of the monev. He went to Daly's house, aud while he was there, Mrs Walker came in and claimed the money us hers. Detectivo Eason went to the house of Mrs Walker and asked her for the money. She produced three bundles of one pound notes, making £30 in all. When told that thero waa a groat deal more than that gho said she had put it away nnd did not know where. Sho somo minutes after pro duced £100 IB notes and a sovereign, am said thst 'Danur,' her son. had taken tha money from her bed once when bn had beon locked up in tho room. Sho said the had been sis years saving the money. She was apparently in poor circumstances, anil formerly received money from tho Benevolent Asylum. Sergeant M'Cullagh t-tited that on two occasions the mother had complained of the boy stealing money from her, and wished him sent to the Reformatory. Mr Clissold said there was no caso against the boy, and ho wan interrogated as to what he had done with tho money. He said he bad taken it from the bed, and on. going to tho Garibaldi claim dropped it out of bis pocket. The bench then remanded tho prisoners for inquiries to be made for a week, at the end of which time if no owner was found the money was to be given np to Mrs Walker. Accidents which might have baen attended with serious consequences seem to have oc curred very frequently of Into in tho usually quiot regions of the West. The latest occurred on Wednesday, at Colao, by which Mr and Mrs M'Millan, Mrs Mercer and daughter, met with, some injuries, but not of a severe character. It appears that thoy wero neoring Colac, and just driving down Cameron's-hill in a buggy, when ono of the bolts connecting the shafts to tho carriage broke. Tho shaft dropped and struck tho horse's feet, when ho began to kick and plunge to clear himself. Tho buggy was then dragged along by tha remaining shaCt for somo littlo distance, and at length overturned. Fortunately at this moment tho other bolt broke, and tho horso, feeling himself free, started oil at f nil gallop down tho hill with tho shaft behind him, and hurried with impe tuosity into the lake, whore ho soon found himself out of depth ; and had it not been for timely assistance the animal would havo been drowned. Tho ladies wore a good deal shaken. Mr M'Millan and Miss Mercer were each thrown heavily down, and received rather sovore cuts about the back of the head. It appears that Hotham rejoices in a young volunteer who seems to bo remarkably desirous of being continually 'in arms,' and is more frequently prepared for ' frays ' of a certoia objectionable character than is at all desirable. The young ' citizen soldier,' by name- William Short, appears to be of a very excitable tem porament, and yesterday, when in one of his paroxysms of frenzy, he seized his rifle and ammunition and threatened to exterminate every ono to whom ho owodanygrudge,hismotheranil himself included. The police had to be called in to prevont his doing any barm, and it is BtPted that they intend applying to tho volun teer authorities to have Short's firearms and ammunition taken from him. This is the second time he has broken out into a violent spirit of this kind. Wo glean from the Hamilton Spectator scmo particulars respecting a murderous attack made on a man at Penshurst. On Tuesday room ing, at about four a.m., a man named Henry Hobbs, a laborer, residing near Penshurat, in a hut situated about one mile on tho Hamilton road, returned home, and on knocking at the door it was opened by a stranger, who gave no proper account of tho cause of his prosenoe. In a fit of rage and indignation Hobbs seized a shovel, or spade, and cut tho intruder down, inflicting a deep wound on tho forehoad o£ about an inch, cutting down through the bone, and presenting a formidable appearance. Tho cheek under the loft brow was cnt clean open, and tho eye above was closed. Tho face waa otherwise contused, scratched and covered with blood. Mrs Hobbs, who, it seems, is a woman of rather weak mind, and who can scarcely ex plain what happened, gave the alarm, and eventually tho injured man was conveyed into Hamilton. Tho account the man gives of him self is ; that his name is Thomas Doyle, that he is a shearer, and that ho was last employed on Mr Richardson's station, Mount Mistalce. He Btates no reason why ho took up his quar ters at the hut of the man Hobbs, bat thero is no doubt the latter suspected that he had come, thero with no very virtuous iutentions. It does not, however, say much for the domestic fidelity of Hobbs that he should have been away from his hut until nearly daylight, leav ing his wife and family of young children em tirely unprotected. It is fuir to say that Hobbs bears o good character, although he is occasionally given to over indulgence. The injuries inllicted on Doyle are severe, but if it be true that ho took up his quRiters in the hut with a felonious intent — a surmise that seems borne out by the facts— ho has himself to blame. Mr Carroll, formerly Mayor of Hotham, was yesterday summoned to tho Hotham Mica Court for wasting tho Yan Yean water, and also misappropriating the precious beverage. It seems that tho local authorities havo em ployed tho proprietor of a privato inquiry office to patrol the streets and rights-of-way of the borough, and proceed aguinst any persons discovered wasting water or putting it to purposes other than that for which, thoy pay for it. This functionary the other day, observing a considerable flow of clear water in a certain portion of a street, took the trouble, like an amateur geographical dis coverer, to traco it to its source. He succeeded in doing so, and found that it took its rise in tho yard of Mr Carroll, who koeps livery stables. Whilo on the premises he also ascer tained that Mr Carroll used the Yan Yean for washing horses, and he accordingly summoned him for the offences before indicated. In court Mr Carrell made a most clnborato spoech in defence, and though tho snbjeot waa rather a watery one, ho throw enough spirit iuto it to render it palatable. The beuoh, however, fined him 2s Gd and 2a Cd costs for wasting the water, but as ho stated that he paid water rate for per mission to wesh his horses in Yan Yeau, the second charge was postponed for a woek. At tho City Police Court yesterday, 0 cab man named Richard Condron was charged with negligent driving, by which serious bodily iujury resulted to a lad named Philip Rice. It appeared that on the 7th inat., Coa dron was returning from the races at Fleming ton with a load of passengers, and wanting to pass through tho gate of tho Royal Park at tho Flemington cutting, ha asked Rico, who happenod to bo herding closo by, to open it. Tho boy did so, and it was allogod that before ho had timo to get out of tho way, tho cab man drove his conveyance through the gate, knocking down ;the lad with hia vehicle, and inflicting very severe injuries on the head. Whatever doubt there may be of the crimi nality of the cabman, certainit is that he drove sn after the poor boy was knocked down, and neither ho nor any ono of his five male pas sengers thought it worth whilo to return and see to what extent Rice was injured. The M was remeved to tho Melbourne Hospital, ana ever since has been an indoor patient, and is yet receiving ontdoor treatment. Tho police did not succeed in arresting Condron till Wed nesday last. For tho defence, soveralmt noBses wero produced, who swore that Condron was not to blame for tho occurrence, which they attributed to tho boy's imprudence ; and tho bench, 'undor tho circumstancos, Ma no alternative but to discharge the accused. Wo have seen a return issued frosi tho Railway department, which shows that be tween the 1st of January and 23rd November, 18G8, thero was forwarded from the station at Runnymede 0025 bags, or 1054 tons of gram alone, independent of other goods. Yet there is no shed or any other accommodation for the purpose of forwarding goods by railway to or from this station. In tho Equity Court yesterday, Mr Justice Molesworth heard arguments upon an appeal from the Chief Commissioner in Insolvency s suspension for six months of the certificate of G. O. Babtie. Judgment was reserved. In the County Court yostorday Mr H. J. Hart sued Mr Carrick, tho carrier, for ±J, damage dono to three cases of varnish, wlnca had been carted for plaintiff by defendant, lne lattter brought forward evidence to tho ellect; that tho cases leaked when his employes ro coived them from tho Riilway authorities, ana a verdict was thon givon for defendant. A robbery was committed on Wednesday evening at tbu Meat Preserving Company Hotel, Maribyrnong, near Footscray. I he articles stolen wero a side of bacon, storeif, and some bottles of grog. In roferenco to tho late Sergeant Hall, mur dered by ex-constable Flanuigan, at Hamilton, on Friday, the local paper saya :— ' Much con sideration is expressed for Mrs Hull, who is a daughter of Mr Wright, Into of this town, and who had only been married a few months. It is, however, some satisfaction to know that her huBband has not left her unprovided for. His life was insured for £500, in addition to which he leaves other moneys. As the widow will be ontitled to ono year's pay on oc count oi her deceased husband, it is thought that she will have about £1000. For her, poor woman it is indeod well that her husband had the ferethought to make provision for her eveu i (i.o eirliost --fnc:'- ot ttwir mnrrioge. On» »hin^ in connection 'with the tragic L,n° is woifu recording, as another Line o! the ? warninS3' that nre said to Ib freqneiitly given to thosa whose eml is Inroachiug. We sborrtd not mention this instance hut lor the fact that, having maclo innniry, we find the story is substantially correct Sergeant Hu3 lias, on Boveral oc casions, expresssd to his wife ana friers that ??- had n presentiment of death — although \nff himself in good health— and it is said ui'at thn 'is'1 preceding the dny of the murder he started np in bed, apparently ranch ngUated, d told h;s wife that ho believed he was about to die. So Btroni? was this conviction on him, flint ho ' burst into tears.' How 1 nlly his pre sentiment has been proved it ia needless to say. Since the year 1819 no deliberate murder has been committed on the Grange.' Hib remains wero interred with masonic honors in the Hamilton cemetery on Sunday afternoon. Ono or tnro items of news regarding the oberHnal crickotcra tnrn np in tho English capers- At on exhibition by them of native Australian sports at Bootle, near Liverpool, a boumorwig, thrown by Mnl ]a'lr, was carried by the wind among the nJectators. It struck a gentleman ou the head, tho brim of. tho hat saving the lace from. lacoration. As it was, the booms= rang cnt through tho hat and inflicted a severe wound ncross tho brow. Surgical aid was at once procured, and tho gentleman was able to return home. At a special meeting of the committee of the Ballarat District Hospital, held on Wednesday, jo determine on tho acceptance of a design for the now wing about t° be erected, a report was read from Messrs Donne and Caselli, in ac cordance with a reqnest previously conveyed to them, as to the respective merits of two designs chosen by tho building committee from among the six sent in. These two were marked re spectively ' Pavilion' and 'Scalpel.' There port leaned towards the former as the best ar ranged plan, provided that the samo or nearly the same accommodation could be obtained. In their opinion too total cost of ' Scalpel ' would be from £12,000 to £15,000 at least ere it conld be completed, which would bo more than conld bo raised even if the requirements of the district should be so extensive as to call lor it. Much deliberation ensued, the com mittee being evidently divided in opinion. Finally, the design of ' Scalpel' was accepted by a majority of 7 to 5. The envelope of the successful architect wb« opened and found to be from Mr J. H. Jones, of Camp-street, who is the designer of tho new portion of the Me chanics' Institute. The Annum. Bam. of tue Pentridge Rifles mil be held to-night. Recmved from Mr A. J. Smith, bookseller, Sf anston-street, the October number of Good Words. The number maintains the high standard of excellence at which this magazine has long aimed. A. Preliminary Meeting was held lost eve ning, at Mr S. Jones's Stanley Arms, Mttribyr nong-street, Footsoray, for tho purpose of de vising means to hold some amusements in Footscroy, on Boxing-day, when it was sug gested that it consist of horse-rucing, pedes trian and aquatic sports. It waa resolved, after considerable discussion, (hat placarda bo printed, and a public meeting be called for Monday evening next. U.A.O. of Diujids. — The brothers of the Mistletoo Lodge of this ordor celebrated their anniversary by a dinner at the Lodge-room, Eicelaior Hotel, Bourke-strcet, on Monday last ; A. D. Bro. Solomon in the chair. About fifty sat down to table, and after the usual loyal and Druidical toasts had been drank, tho re mainder of the evening was spent in harmony. In tho oonrso of the evening tho secretory read a financial statement, which showed that the lodge was in a vory satisfactory condition. A Lecture was delivered last night in tho United Methodist Free Chnroh, Box-hill, Nnnnwfttfinor. bv thfl Kov. J. Walker, for the ienefit of tho Molboarae Hospital. Sub ject:— 'Tho Mother of the Wesloja.' In the absence of tho hon. the Attorney-General, who was to havo presided, E. Cope, Esq., M.P., took the ohair. The lecture, which was very interesting, was listened to for upwards of (wo hours with unflagging interest to the close. A collection was made amounting to £5 Is 7d. The Treasurer or the Hoknbbook Ragged Scnoot Association gratefully acknowledges re ceipt of the following contribntions to the ge neral fund : — From Koort Koort Non-* station, (tot--3 forfeited by abscondors) £5 2s Cd ; W. P. wuir, Esq., manager, Land Mortgage Bank of Victoria, £2 2s ; J. Curtayne, Esq., manager, ?Union Bank of Australia, £1 1b; Gr. R. Tys j sen, Esq., manager, English, Scottish and Aus tralian Chartered Bank, JE1 ; G. Walker, Esq., accountant, English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank, £1 ; Rev. G. Packenham Des pud, Sandhurst, 10s. 