ARRIVAL OR TUB ENGLISH MAIL '. VIA SUEZ , . ' From our ConiussroNDENT. TnE Geelong from Gnlle on the 8th, arrived at King George's Sound on the 23rd. A great hurricane swept over England on August 22nd. A largo number of vessels wero destroyed, and scores wrecked in the Mersey, accompanied with great loss of life. Tho Times, newspaper demands telegraphic communication 'with Australia and Europe via India. Formosa won the St. Logor. War probable between Prussia and Italy. Female suffrage disallowed. Tbo Emperor of 'Russia visits the King, ol' Prussia. ' The King of Prussia opened the Chambers with a warlike speech. : Nhpoleou is intriguing for. commercial union with Holland and Belgium, with a view to ulterior projects... - . War with' France and North Germany imminent. King Victor Emmanuel narrowly escaped being, killed while chamois huuting. The revolution in Spain successful, and the Bourbon dynasty .declared, at au-eud. Queen Isabella fled to France. , General Prim enthusiastically welcomed at Madrid, and the army and navy have declared in favour of the insurgents. Sir John Young lias been appointed Gover- uor- Geuornl of Canada. ! Bishop; Turner appointed to the see. of Grafton, Richmond River. A. war of extermination has been com menced in America against the Indians. Wool Sales.— No foreign competition ; liom buyers fully supplied. Prices fully 3d. lower thau Juno rates. 1 . - September 26. Wool.— PrieeB firmer. Forty thousand baits held over. Hides firm at previous rates, and quoted in good request. ' : Australian securities firm. Victorian 112 to 114, Sydney 98 to 100. Queensland 106 to 107. Tbo Ariel won the China race. Fine sheep tallow 45s. to 46s., in good demand at an advance of 8d. Australian securities in favour, Quoeu's health failing.- Tim Poor' Blacks. — Tho Mackay Mercury refers to the inactivity of the Native Poiivo force at Uiooius- bury, ami tlint during tho absunce of their officer, Mr Gough, who hns boon summonsed to tlio Burdckin, these Exetor Hall pets lmvo boon employing tho in terim in their favorito pastimo of spearing cuttle ou ail tho surrounding stations. Wo ure informed that tho gentleman left temporarily in charge of the foruo lias no other nltornutive than to declare that tho " offieor of tho police wns absent." Then what, wo ask, is the " goutloman left iu charge for ?' ' What aro his duties ? If ho is loft in charge, it arguos that he stands in tho shoes aud wields tho anthurily of the. persou he repre sents and whose powers ure dologatod to him. If tho " gentleman in chnrge" cannot uct iu oases of emer gency, Mr Gough's place should have been supplied 'by an offieor of tile force, or measures, should have beon taken to officer the police during his absence. ThcJo has always boon terrible mismanagement with regard to the Native Police ; tho wholo thing is douo - in Sueli a slip-shod maimer, that it is deprived of half its elficiono)-. Tho squatter is heavily taxed for tho proteotion ho is supposed to receive, nnd in nine cases out of ton, ho has to dofond his property from the dopredntions of tho blacks boeause oither the Native Police are not within reaoli, or their " officer is absent." Why should the officer be called awuy from liis duties without his place beiug proporly supplied P Every uovumuut of the Native Police is thoroughly well-known by tho bluoks, and no sooner is tho coust \- clear than cattle camp9 are rushed, and cows, calves, and bullockB resemble so many animated pincushions, :Btuuk all over with Bpears. The loss to the squ tter is not only the number of bonstB actually killed, but in the number that die from their wounds, and tho loss of condition . consequent on disturbing tho cuttle in their cainp9. The squatters should have a carte blanche to protect themselves. The only law fit for the. blacks is. tho bullet; thev aro Bavages of the lowest and most degraded type, and should be toured as such. Wo havo hithorto opposed tlio disbanaraent of tho Native Police, but iffthis is tho way in whioh thoy aro managed the sooner tho foreo is broken up tho better. Mors Gold Discoveries. — Parties are busy pros- peating Broadmouut, where gold is reported to havo beon found in payable quantities. As yet wo havo not beon able to obtain auy reliable information respecting tho success of those prospecting, but expeot shortly to bo iu possession of full particulars. t . Gold Rewards. — As. there can bo no doubt that muoh of our future advancements depends upon tho oxtont anri value of our gold discoveries, evory oxer- ' fion .should bo usod by our Government to encourage prospecting, and a regular soalo of bonuses should bo awardod for newly formed fields. Tusmauia boeaino eclipsed as other Australian colonies becamo gold-pro ducing, and her population was absorbed by Victoria ( whose tuiues afforded attractions she did not possess. Fully ujivu to the golden charms of her neighbor, Tasmania, in tbo hope of luring buok a portion of her absenteo population, has taken tho very wiso course of udvortising the following suulo of rewards for tho dis covery of profitable gold fields : — £1000 for a gold- field yielding 100 ounces wookly ; £2000 for ono yield ing 150 ouncCB weekly; £3000 for ono yielding 200 ozs. weekly ; £4000 for one yielding 300 ouueoBweekly ; and £6000 for one yielding 400 ouncos weekly. This is a good oxnmplo, and tho sooner wo follow it the bettor. ' As a husinoss speculation alone it would pay and add indirectly considerably to tho revenue. The Government oun't loso, and may win, Hibernian Rbkv. — The prospectors of tho Hiber nian Reef sent two tons of their quartz to be orushed ut tho Vulautino muchino, which resulted iu the highly satisfactory yield of 4 ozs 6 dwts to tho ton. Tho prospootors aro, as a matter of course, highly delighted, aud express great satisfaction at the care aud attention paid by tlio manager of tho Company's machine during the process of tho crushing. The above high return, although partly expected, eausod great rejoicings on tlio othqr sido of tho rivor, and iuspirod the various roofers with tho strongest confidence, while it has urged tho vnrious parties prospecting to push on with increased diligonco. State op Hospital. — Admitted during tho weok, 1 ; discharged, 7 ; died — 1, from paralysis ; now re- maiuing— mules, 18 ; females, 3 ;. totul, 21. Strikino His Flag. — Our contemporary tells us in his leader of the 27th, und in vory plain terms, too, that he has given up tho Northorn cause and intonds for tho future to fight in tho Southorn ranks : from this wo oortainly draw a conclusion that in his opinion Mr. Macalistor .will most probably bo called upon to resume the roiiiB of power. ThiB keon eye to business cannot be too warmly ppprooiated by the shareholders who. have interests in the North prcforablo in many ways to tlio stork they hold iu tho Bulletin Co., hut, patriotism of course weighs up privato interest. Tlio artiole referred to gives both diroot and indircot praiso to tho Opposition, " thoy set thomsolveH determinedly against tho repetition of tho furco of lust session, when two private members (Messrs. Archer and Fitzgerald) exorcised the functions of tho ministors nnd succeeded in onrrying measures which the Government had noithur tho will nor tho ability to initiate or carry through themselves. This wns effected by tho netive support of Buuthorn members. Thoy objoct to maintain a bastard Govcrnmon'i any longer. So far, we thoroughly approve of tho ground tukon by tho southorn purly." Hero nro.throo hits, one against tho Government, ono against Messrs. Archor and Fitz gerald und ono in favor of tho Southern party. We are further told that tho present Government " have proved thoniBolros utterly wanting in capacity cither to iuitiato or to carry into eifecb auy great measure ;" " they promiso freely without tho ability to perform ; they rely ehiclly iu tho ncgativo virtue of doing no harm, arid do duty as stop-gaps to provont others getting into 'oflico who might to du harm." / it is therefore evident our contemporary prefors a Ministry that might do harm, und has a strong liking for those who effect great meusures ; — g cat in their mischief ; in othor words ho prefers a Ministry whioh would ruin the_ country by great measures, to ono that would hesitate to pusB little ones unless they considered llieiu beneficial. Wo cannot join issuo with this (opinion. Even if tho Government were prepared to bring in a Provincial Council Bill, wo are assurod " they havo not tho legislative capacity to do their part." In fact, thoy have " no go" ut ull iu ihein." For our ports we would ruthor liuvo a horse that lmd " no go in him thun one which if we backed him, wopld bo sura to break out' neekB. Wo have yet to leuru whereabouts / lies the wonderful legislative capacity in tho Opposi-' tiou ? Muculistor's " pitBC career wns one of reckless .extravagance," this the Bulletin allows, therefore it would support " reckless cxtruvugaiico," and consider it und not cautious economy a proof of legislative capacity — he prefers tho action of a Yurro to the prudunce of a Fabius. Messrs. Archer and Fitz gerald ucied ' as dry nurses to the Government for a bantling which the Government repudiated." These gentlemen have beon taxed with being the parents of this bantling, and if wo recolloct rightly, it was most sadly UBod by the Opposition. However, wo may bo wrong. "Our sympathies on general quoBtious are with tho Southern party. . vVo wish to -know from them in definite terms what they ore prepared to do. We want un assuruuca that the Southern party of to- day is not the aggrandising and 'centralising parly of tlirco years ago.". Our contemporary is vastly confid ing ; his sympathies' arc with thoso of "huso principles und uims he is ignorant! lie' places taitli in them, and yet does not know what thoy are going to do. His sympathies aro with an old aggrandising and cen tralising party before he knows whethor or not they are going to play the old gnme again. Voyily faith carries some people along way. Whother tlio party remain the sumo backsliders of yore; or whether they havo reponted thorn of their sins, tho Bulletin are with th.-m. This is candid and above board. The North should > kuow its . enemies, and an open one iu better than a lukewarm friend. We have hithorto fought its battles uluiOBt single-handed, .and regret not the defec tion 'of our contemporary, who ovidently looks upon Mr. Muculistor as tin- " coining mail," 'and is'trimuiing his suits accordingly. Tho value of suuh support will doubtlessly bo proporly cstimutod by both tho public and the leader of tho Opposition. Sugar.— Wo are glad to announco tho first ship ment of sugar from Mackay ut this port. -The Black Swuu, whiuli arrived on Wednosday ovening, brought with her 777 . bags of sugar from Messrs. Davidson and Co., of the Alexandra plantation, Mackay, 450 of which wore consigned to Messrs. Huntor and Co., and 850 to Messrs. Headrick and Co. The sugar iB of first-rato quality, equal, if not superior, to any that has hitherto beeu received hero. The Tinou e, which learss Roek hampton on Monday for Northern portB, will bring back it is expected 30 tons of sugar. The prices aro ns follows : — Messrs. Hunter and Co, from £36 to £40, Mussis. H'eudrick and Co. from £36 to £38 ; although this tariff is not below that of the Sydney housos, still the sugur is of so Buporior a quality, that it is con sidered by competuut judges to be cheaper. Assault and Batters. — On Friday William Tutli- son, butcher, was summoned by Henry Morrison, for having unlawfully assaulted nnd beat him on Friday, the 23rd. — Mr Milford for tho plaintiff, und Mr Dick for tho defendant.- Henry Morrison, tho plaintiff, stated that ho was shopman on Friday lust to Mr W. L'attison, the defendant. Witness saw him in the ovoning of that day, going townrds his shop. He askod him if ho would be kind enough to settle that smnll account of a fortnight's wages 'due to him (plaintiff.) Defendant did not make any reply, but wulkod inside his house. Plaintiff remained outBide until he came out, when he asked him again. De- fondant threatened him about a prison or prisoner. Witness understood linn to say I lmt ho was a prisoner. Plaintiff replied thut ho was novor a prisoner to him or his father, nor ono in Yan Diomiin's Land. Defendant immediately followed plaintifi' up, und struck him several times, knocked hiin down, and then kicked him all over Lis body. The marks of Mr Pattisou's violence was visible. Witness was obliged to go to bed, and then sent for Dr. Callaghan. When he' was knocked down, he wns rendered aonsoloju. ' lie did not know how long Pattison kiekod him, but he fancied it was about six minutes. Ho wub perfectly sober. Tho signature to the medical certificate produced wns Dr. Callagliiin's. — By Mr Diok : Mr Pattison dis charged plaintiff on the Friduy morning, about break fast time His week was up on tho next day week. When plaintiff discharged him, ho tendered him a ohoquo for £2 10s., saying " there's £2 10s., call back in a weok nnd I'll givo you -your notice money." Wit ness took tho cheque in his hand before the forogoiug words wero used. Ho then took the ohc'que away, and returned wiLh it in about forty minutes add saw Mr Pattimn iu his office, and told him that ho had dono wrong in giving him that choquo, as it was not at the ruto of 50s per woek ; tho best thing he could do. would be to settle with him at once and have no more trouble, as ho did not wish to bo coming about his premises. Mr Pattison replied that if he did not like it,a hemightgo to court, as plaintiff was quite capable of doing that and ' a great deal more. Witness roquii od £3, which would have been payment up till next day, Saturday, instead of £2 10s. Witness was paid fortnighlly. When ho left Pattison's placo, ho went over to the Freemason's Arms, arrl there spoke about Pattison. Ho said thut he hud discharged him about a leg of mutton. Ho tried to make him a liar before a shop-full of people. Witness never said that he_ would punch Pattison's head, as ho had not a pair of. handB to do so. Witness saw Pattison in the aftornoon. Boyd was with him. He again asked him if he would settlo with him. Ho made no answer. He did not ask Pattison if ho was to t urn to work in the morning. Ho never dreamt of such a thing. Pattison then went into his own liouso, and plaintiff waited outside for him, Witness swore on his oath that he never said he was waiting for that big fat b— r, and he'd give him such a damned good hammering. Neither did he say that he know Pattison's b——y old thief of a father, nor invited him outside to have a little bit of Hobart Town. The provoking words were used on Mr. Pattison's side. Witness never dared Puttison to come out, nor did ho strike him on tho breast.' Never laid a hand on him. Plaint iff did not go up to Patti son und try all in his power to provoke a row. Wit ness's hands wero both incapacitated. Witnoss did not piny baaatolle last Monday. — Dr. Callaghan, M.R.C.S.E.', stated that ho luid beon attending Morri son professionally since last Friday. Ho was sufforing from bruises on tho body. Witness found a bruise on tho right eye which was much swollen. There were also bruises on tho ribs and loins. Tho eye was beginning to discolour. Witness examined him that morning, aud found disooloration on the parts of the body where Morrison had previously oompluined of having much pain. Witness prescribed -for him. — By Mr. Diok : A full might have caused it, but a blow would not, — By Mr. MUford : Morrison has nob tho perfect use of his hands. — By Mr. Diok : Ho could strike a blow well enough. — Robert George Catt, olerk to Mr. Pattison, hourd Morrison say 'between tho houi-d of fivo and 6ix on Friduy afternoon to Mr. Pattison, " Will you give mb a cheque now ? " Mr. Pattison said " No, if you call at. tho end of tho week I will give it you as I promised." Morrison then put himself in a fighting attitude, saying " come out here you b—— r, and I'll give you tho Hobart Town touch." Pattison then wont to tho doorstep, and Morrison struck him on the breast with his fist. Mr. Pattison returned tho blow, and Morrison felt backwards. - Saw him lying there. — By Mr. Milford : That was all ho know about the matter, and ho was there the whole time — Geoi'go Boyd, u butcher to Mr. Puitison, stated that ho saw Morrison at Mr. L'nttison's pluce on Fri day ovoning. lie enquired the reason of his not iinsvtoring him when ho spoke to him on tlio rood. Witness said he did answer him. Morrison told liiin that ho might be in tho BUino predicament, as he was some day. He remarked that ho was waiting for that big b——r to punch him, or any other one in the house. By Bench i Morrison was quite sobir, but seemed a little excited. — Joseph Marshall was calledi but did not appear. — Mr. Dick und Mr Milford addressed the Bench, and his Worship dismissed the information. . Perjury. — The two adjourned of N, Murphy v. MoCoo, for penury and forcible Jiilry, ocoupiod the attention of the Court nearly the whole of Thursday. Tho avidoneo adduced was of a, most contradictory character, and exhibited both parties in a liht which, to say tho leaBt of it, was disgraceful. Neither party appeared to have tho least hositatiou in swearing to anything that would benefit his own cause. The evi dence of tho defendant was in diametrical opposition to thut of tho pluintiff, and from wliut wo could ob- sorvo, ono was equally guilty ua tho other , of endea vouring to make hie Bharo in a vory dirty transaction appear as fuvorablo as possible to himself.'. His Wor ship, liowevor, wus not to bo misled, ho plainly saw the full ius und outs oi tho caso, und after displaying a vast amount of patience ultimately dismissed botn eaecB. Mr. Milford for the plaintifi', aud'.Mr. Diok for' the defendant. . "if Cawaural. — Tho road from tho North side to the Cawnrral is now in excellent trim, and may bo safely called ono of tho best bush roads in the colony, thanks to the; energy of our Engineer of Roads,, who bus dis played great zeal in meeting the requirements now in existence for quiok communication between this. ten and tho diggings. Tho banks of. the crocks have otam out down, gullieB oither filled up or bridged, and all impediments removed right iuto the township, which is beginning to ubbuido souietliiiig like an nppouranco of well-to-do-ism. Stores are boing fust built, a public- house is in tho course of erection, aud a temporary post-office at Mr. ' Frank Aslcll's store is in existence, where tho A.naus papor may of eoursu be procured, tho proprietor of tho said store calling attention to the fact by a largo chalk drawing of an " oyo" on a board over his door. There iB only one butcher's Bhop in tho township, and tho minors aro consequently many of them compollod to ride to a station, q distance of nearly four miles, for their daily supply. . A bakery is much wanted," d we believe Mr. Astell is about to put up an oveii for tlio purposo of vending the staff of life to those who wore sworn ut Highgute,- and prefer good breud to doubtful damper. There is no surface wator near tho township, but a plentiful supply of capital spring water is easily obtuinablo by sinking a few feet. 'There are about 4,50 miners and othors on the ground, amongst I hem may be recognised many town faces, all of which look uncommonly happy and healthy, although the owners thereof are all suffer ing ucutely from attacks of the gold fever. Those who aro now ro tiding there, declare that thoy wouldn't eomo buck to Roekhampton for a pension, the Bua air bracing them up and giving tlioui tlio appetites of woWcs. Tho first prospecting olaim before tho township is . reached is on tho"Dun O'Counell and -owned by Messrs. Cunningham and- party ; Sevoral other ulaiuis are marked out, the parties awaiting tho striking of tho reef by the Prospector's before thoy sot to work. Tho noxt is about throe miles onward, and to -tho loft of tho road the roof, known as Hill tho planter's, from whicli a trial crushing of tho stone was made on Thursday, at the Hector machine and yielded 1 oz. 8 dwts. 5 pre. to 1 ton 16 owt. 2 qrs. of quartz. This stone was picked by Captain Hunter for trial qb a test of tho value of tho reef, tho quartz 'from which does not exhibit one particle of gold to the nakod eye. There is an amazing body of stonoand from tho caso with which it iB worked the return is regarded ' as porfeetly satisfactory. ThiB stono is peculiarly free from the sulphides generally found to exist in tho .reefs around Roekhampton. Ou the Eleanor Reef about a mile aud a half further, tho largOBt body of minors aro congre gated, the chief olainiB boing tho Prospecting claim, on which thoy have sunk 30 feet and struck tho roof, in somo pi ices snowing a thickness of 5 feet, and It is impossible to pick up u stono without, seeing gold, although of a vory fino .character. The other claims most nonfccablu aro thoso of Messrs. Millur on tho North, Messrs. Murray on, the South, and Messrs Willis' on the cross reef; all these look well, und the proprietors are in excellent spirits, await ing anxiously tho trial crushing by the Company's machine, which is fust approaching compl«/-k>n under the management of Mr Young, whusoI' expe rience as an Australian and Ctilifornian qu&'/z reefor, wurrunts us in pluciug reliance in the high opinion ho has formed of the value of the Cawurral. About two miles further we came upon the Eliza claim on the Royal Alfred. This roef is believed by tho miners to compare favorably with thoso on Gyrnpie, for although it may not return so many ouncos to the ton, still its great magnitude, und tho equal distribution of the gold, will make up for what it lacks in extreme richness. Stono is being raised rapidly ou this us- on tho other claims. ' Tho Hibernian will he' almost cer tain to turn up trumps, if we may judge from the re turn of the first trial crushing, which gave 41 ounces to the ton-. There are numorous other reefs boing opened, and matters look most cheerful. The Co operative Company's machine, which is to be fixed near tbe Hibernian, has not yet urrivedj but every thing is being rr.ado ready for it. The Welcome Reef.— Tho rod nnd white stono taken from No. 1, North Welconio, which has been crushod at tho Morinish machine, has resulted iu a yield of nearly 2 ozs. to the ton,' ; Raglan. — A gentleman who was visiting Raglan station came by accident upon .what he describes, to be "an inexhaustible gold-beuring reef ;" the quartz crops out on the surface, aud tho pro is plainly viable. Nymmis of the Pave. — An old lady well known ii; the town, and as his Worship remarked, who frequently was conducted into his presence by the police, sum moned i. Hen- God win, a younger Cyprian, 'for baring .violently assaulted her; . Mr. Milford informed his .Worship that ho appeared for tho poor old lady, and Mr. Diek stated thut he was employed by tho defen dant. Upon the ease boing called, neither of' the ladies appeared, and the publiu was spared a full and particular account of u most disgraceful scone. False Report. — Thoro. was a report in town- on Thursday that a large natural reservoir, filled with ox- cello'nt wutor, had beon. discovered, at the. head of Lake's Creek. Yesterday Mr Alderman Burnet, ac companied by tho Town Surveyor, started upon a tour of investigation, but they returnod without having found auytliing to reward thorn for their trouble. We are almost afraid somo very wicked porson spread (ho rumor as a hoax ; if so, he perfectly succeed- J, put the same time we have to .oongratulate M.- '.'i : ,- o upon this display of publia spirit. Theatre Royal.— -Tho Theatre wiib vo-oi "; -! Nat night, and we find that Mr Wieland, one of our cleverest acrobats, will- re-appear this evening a long absenoc. The protty comedy of " A .7oi>.c!;o;' Taught" Will also be produced, in which Miss Stvph-v. son and Mr Douglas will play the principal chr.vucS .v. Mr Johnson will sing some of his favorito bul'.n.i-, tho evening's amusement will conclude with the .laugh able farce of "My Husband's Ghost." Wo ui: .i..:r- stand that fresh arrangemouts aro boing made, and „ it is probublo a strong company wilt atte. upt once again to revive our little -theatre and to nuiko ii. .-;c attractive us it was this time lust year. A Daniel Come to Judgment.— The Brisbane cor respondent of the Bulletin Bays that " he hopes that Archor and Fitzgerald will vote against the Govern ment, if they do not, the Southorn men have deter mined in no wuy to support thorn to oarry their North ern measures, but," oontiuuos tho writer; "by adopting this eourso it must not bo considered that tho Southern membors either wish to diolate to the Northorn, or to rofuso to bring forward measures atfe." jg tiie North, should the coming ministry be chbstTPftom iimor;. tliein." 1 If this bo not dictation, intimidation, and a.. ? other kinds of Southernation, we should really like to know what is ? We call it a pure examplo of the " no compulsion only you must" doctrine. Wo will put " our correspondent's" remarks into different (not bpt- . tor) language. Tho Southorn members say; " My dear follows, we don't want to dictate to you, nor to bully you, nor to constraiu you to act against your, con sciences — whiuli by-tho-byo aro things we dqi$ 'possess . , und don't want— but by tho Lord Harry, if yo'ii don't' do what wo consider necessary — if you don't betray the interests of the North — break overy plodgo you have - made— voto against the blackguard ministry und help to carry in King Mac — why, then, wo wojfc allow the North to have a voice in the House, — wo won't amend one of " its grievance — anil ' with n majority a't our elbows, we will do just what wo , please, in spite of you. Therefore, my fino fellows, my beaux coys , just tnko care what you aro about. Bo with lis, mAtve don' tpromise to liolp you, but bo against us, hang us, if wo don't crusli your constituencies. Wo are quite woll aware that the Opposition intend to carry things with a high hand, and that tho knock mo down argument will bo usod, and probably with -good'- offoot, but is disagrcoablo to be romiuded by this miserable soribblor of -what is - in storo for ub, and that too, in language that we should call ao; k-a-hoopy , emiuontly suggestive of tho man wlionce it emanates. There is evidently another Saul amongst tho prophets, And we wish theni joy of their now associate. : Neeibah fsixmongerr.r— Messrs. Porter, Forster, ' nnd Ghivers liavo rccolved a vory excellent scrow press, manufactured purposely for them by Mr II. Edgar, of . Bookhumpton. ' Wo arc' glad to notify that our town. (, can now supply muohinory for suoli a purposo ns press ing wool end skins, and wo liopo- that boforo long wo hall be ablo to supply all our local wants of this descripjAgh without going to Sydnoy nnd Mclbourno. Tho was turned by Mr Sponco, at the Builway Works. Port Denison. — Woquoto tho following itoms of hews from tho 1'ort Denison Times : — " Tho bluok- fellows are very troublesome at Inkerman— speuring cattle oloso to tho landing. Tho drought still con tinues, and t.lic country is vory much buriit up ; feed and water are evevywhoro scarce. A mooting of persons disposed to join a voluntoor corpB was held on Wednesday evening j tho ut-tondanco was vory limited, owing doubtl- ss to the mooting having been advertised' to be held in Georgo's Victoria H'qkd, by permission of Mr Bournor,' who atterM-ards informed the honorary aoorotary that he would uot allow volunteers to moot ' in his house. Thoro is much complaint about the: main road out of town, within tho municipal boundary , several bullock drays having beon lately ' stuck in the" and. Tho blacks hare lately murdorcd a Chimiuiaii sear Jurvisfield. They concealod tho body in a; water- - bole, and fearing it might be discovered, removed it to another, — a stockman from Woodstock linpponing to camo by tho latter on tho following' 'evoning;, t-hcy came down during the night, and again removed it- to' a thiid waterholo. Tho next day some gins camo into' the camp and gave information of what had been done, nnd: the body was found." Mr; Fitzgerald. — A writer under tlio soubriquet of " Irony " thus addressed tho' Maekay. Mercury upon' tho charactor of tho monibcr for tho. Kennedy Mr. ; Fitzgerald is a maii who requires, to bo - known to bo, appreciated,, a second Bayard, sans peur el sans reproche. Hitherto lii conduct has. been an.oxamplo- to tho young; his probity in business mutters a house hold word. Ho is a man of many attainments and deep erudition, -jut "Zand" has boon his forto and in land has he distinguished luraself. To him ill quest of freeholds cumo tho storckcopor, the labourer, the widow and tho strangor ; he was always- acccssablo, always obliging, and he roceived them m-ith a smile and open hand. Itich and poor, tlioy fared aliko, lie lived in a house with many doors and ' gladly took thein in. Still, although a friend to all he never dabbled in land himself, and to his credit bo it said that not fifty acros of the fair lande of Maekay stand in his name, perhaps becauso ho was a gbvernmout survoyor, perhaps because ho was too ooiisuiontious ; I prefer to think tho latter. However, Fortune has ut length given \- him his due, for in n few weeks the broad acres of the Alexandra plantation will cull him lord and. master. Virtue is its own re waul !! ! How one person can legally hold 4156 acres under sugar regulations is a mystory ; but so it is, and Mr. Fitzgerald is a remark able lucky man. His political career has been marked by a cautious and disiuiorestcd lino uf action worthy of' imitation. - He assisted at' passing tlie J and Act ; he introduced tho question of Provincial Councils, and with charactcrestic discretion lie absented himself from the House during the turmoil which ensued on tho passing of tho vote of tho want . of confidence in the Ministry. Thoro uro, I fear, pooplu ill-natured 'enough to suy that he gained uiore than any man in this district" by tho new Land Act; that lie proposed Pro- vinciul Councils increly with an ' eye . to his own- aggrandisement, and that ho absented himself front the House during tho latp .crisis ..because'-, lie did not quite kuow which side would win ; those who. kuoir him will see how unfair such a stricture.,!?.' Jf ho -continue to roprcsbnt us wc arc indeed foi-lunato beyond tho ordinury lot of men. Ho.will- do his best to cheapen tho. price of land " aiul take all' he can (merely to cncourugo us to do 'likewisoj' j. he will intro duce Provincial Councils and act ns President with a alary of any number of thousands per annum, and after that will do all ho can to benefit the -district in whioh he intends to lidld the uirest and best pur- i tions. Phi's is tho man vqjjr . correspondent wislios to. distrust. Ho might save hunscif the trouble ; . wo lliost of us thoroughly uiidurstand and appreciate our honourable Member, and although with Bumsn resorvo we mask our feelings for thp present, ho may safely count upon us to do him justice whoii tho fitting timejpiCjYcs." \ 