GENERAL NEWS. A criminal action for libel haa been commenced by Mr. J. Cherry, the Official Assignee, against Mr. G. M. Allen, the editor pf the Sqtiriit. Messrs. Stow and Bruce have been retained for the prosecution, and the 'case will be brought before the Police Magistrate in the course of the week, There was a meeting of the electors of Gumejacha atBlumberg on Monday, at which all intending candidates were invited to attend, j Those! present were Mr. Alexander Hay, Mr. Alfred Hardy, Mr. Ebenezer "Ward, and Mr. John Robertson, of Golden Grove, hfr. A. B. Murray, was - also present as deputy for Mr. A. Blyth, who is new on his way to England. After the candidates had severally addressed the meeting, afid been pretty well catechised by the electors-present, votes were passed in favor of Mr. A. Hay and Mr. E. "Ward,r as the most fit and proper persbns to-represent the district. A vote of thanks to:Mr. S. Eandell, the Chair man of the meeting, was moved by Mr. A, Hay, and seconded by Mr. Ward, both of whom also thanked the electors present for the expression of their confidence. We believe that Mr. I). G-. Daly, Private Secretary to' the" late Governor, will occupy the same p sition in relation to the Acting Governor, Colonel Hamley. The following; tenders have been re ceived at the office of the Engineer and Archi-r tect:—For fencing police paddock at Wellington —W. Lyons, £348 lis. 9d. (accepted); H. Gardner,-jub;, £363 9s. 6d. . • • ' ' At tlie1 half-yearly meeting, of the South Australian Coal,Cqmpany, held,at White's Ar bitration Room; oh'Monday, the. 2nd inst., a dividend of 10 per cent", was declared. As there wfere not enough shareholders present to carry on the other business, the meeting adjourned. Another "Song of Australia" has just made its appearance, composed by Herr Carl Taeuber, and dedicated to His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide. The melody is in the open key, and suited very, well for a robust tenor, voice, though the modulations are too abrupt, and might just as well have been omitted alto gether. The accompaniment is written in the bass cleff, which is objectionable, and makes it rather.difficult. With these exceptions it is rather pleasing and free, and will no doubt become popular. The words are by ''Ellie;" it is lithographed by Penman & Galbraith, and published at Woodman's music warehouse, Rundle-street. The third half-yearly meeting of 'the Daly and Stanley Mining Company (Limited) was held' at the, Exchange .Hotel on Saturday, February 29.- ;Mr." JohnBullock, on. taking the chair, |said'"the bismuth ore ^eht^'Hoihe to test the market had 'realised £120 per ton.' • A fur ther shipment-of 16 tons had been made by the Murray,: and if the price obtained was equally satisfactory, the shareholders could look forward to' a dividend at an' early date. Mr. Burtt, the manager at the mine, was now engaged in sinking a shaft on Bullock's lode, so as to ascertain the character of the ore at a \- depth of 35 fathoms. The shaft wa3 at pre sent down six fathoms, and the last sample of ore at this-depth 1'gave on'assay, a small'per centage ;of.siiver. ...The Horn'H. Mildred was at present on a visit to the mine, and no doubt he would bring to Adelaide some valuable informa tion for the benefit of.. the. Company. The balance-sheet was. read and adopted. A ballot having been .-taken; the Hon. T. English and Captaia James-English retired from the direc-' tors, and Messrs. Andrew Jones and'Adolpli Gaedech.ens ,;were. elected to fill the vacancies. MrJ 0." G. Ive was reappointed Auditor. The balance-sheet, and estimated liabilities and assets gave rather a satisfactory state of affairs, viz; in addition to. cash in Bank, there were; 16 tons of bismuth ore shipped per Murray, and 50 lbs. of metal shipped per Darra, on which no monetary advance had been taken. Votes of thanks were passed to the managing Director, Mr.; H. C. Gleeson, the retiring Directors, and thejChairman, and the meeting terminated. The ' Melbourne Herald says:—"The latest intelligence from Fiji states that nothing I had been done by the Chief Thalcobau, to punish the murderers of *he late Bev. T. Baker. He had) however, promised to send an expedition I in April. It seems likely that he will keep his word,1 as'he has designs of his own which involve the subduing of the tribes of the interior. In the | meantime the Nay'osa tribes, which fur nished' the murderers of Mr. Baker, are strengthening themselves by alliances. A Mr. Kinross and his wife also applied to Thakobau for protection against the frequent insults^ of:| some of the inland tribes, and the chief sent 'one ' of his judges, supported by an armed party of whites, to demand the offenders, who after some time were reluctantly surrendered.: The corres pondent of the Sydney 'Herald, from whose communication we obtain these particulars, ap prehensive that the murder of Mr. Baker and the treatment of the Kinross family may deter persons who had intended visiting Fiji from doing so, says :—'.It is only in the interior of Vitn Levu where danger is to be apprehended; on the coast of* evei-y island in Fiji—in fact, everywhere where the people have embraced Christianity—the white residents are as safe as if in George-street, Sydney. Cases of insult on the coast we never heard of, and there is far less thieving here than in Sydney. ' A vessel came into this-port the other day, the captain of whom seemed to have horrible fears of Fiji ovens, and of everybody who lived; as he sup posed, near them. A gentleman went alongside to.seeifhis wife and family had arrived, when he and-his companion^ were ignominiously liur-' ried back over the ship's side into their boat. They went on shore, when in a short time the ship's boat followed, the man in charge-being sent for the! . gentleman who had been ; ordered off. The captain, to excuse himself; I believe, bad to:confe'ss-t6 his fears.'" f - -- Thi half-yearly riieeting of the'.National Marine-Insurance Company was held at the offices of the Company on Monday, .March 2.:. There was a moderate attendance, and thi* chair was occupied by Mr. Wm, Townsend, M.P. The; Directors' report and' balance-sheet were submitted, and from the former we'extract the followingAfter writing off the preliminary expenses, comprising legal costs, alteration of premises, and ^charges incidental to the forma ■ tion; of a new Company,' amounting to £418 13s. :5d. (in addition to the current'chai-ges and losses), a balance appears to the credit of profit and loss account'of £4,750 12s. 6d. , a sum equal to 7s.~7d.—per-share;—Your-Directors are of opinion that;an increase of capital is necessary for tHe Company's transactions, and therefore recommend the appropriation of the sum of £4,75012s. 6d. as follows,, viz.£3,125 .to be carried to the/ capital account, being at the fate of 5& per shhre,\and.'£ljfi25 i,2s; 3d. to a resefye( fund. To |iffect;ythis>i#mnsfer,incoifformifyj witti the de|d;of settlemefitidt will be necessary' to declare a 'divMendAf 5& per shared'whichdhe Directors proposed to mate' payable'/on-tbe^ilh .of March, 1868 ;~'andj-also make a call of"fis. per share, payable on the 3rd of March, 1868 ; and the shareholders will, pjeaselaccept this notice of call accordingly. :Ths"capital, paid up will then be the amount m per balance-sheet, £6,250; from the call of lOth Eebruary, ;1868, Ss. per •share, £3,125; do. do.capitalised' as,above, 5s. per share, £3,125- total, \£12;500. ' Carried to the reserve fund, £i,62512s. 6d. Messrs, Law rence, Clark, and Joyce,:; have been 'appointed agents in England, and Messrs. Woolley & Co. •in Melbourne." The report "concluded as fol lows:—"Ip establishing the Company's business the Promoters and Directors were anxious to avoid unnecessary competition with ! existing .local associations, and they,are gratified to find that; during its progress this has been success fully; carried out, affording as it does a proof that insurers are. disposed to , give, their cordial support to ^institutions of a colonial character." The Chairman, mpye'd; the . adoption, of ,the report, and referred to'its gratifying character. Mr. J. Colton, M.P., .seconded, remarking-that he very much questioned whether any .company .had been, more successful—(hear, hear)— perhaps not so successful—as that during the .past ; six months of its existence; and he .believed." tbh next half year would be as-go6d, and probably better Of course, « at present, they participated in the dulness of the times, but he doubted nQJ^h^wquldcontinne'fi)-obtain increasing support!.,and ere long be enabled to declare regulbFly/a.-half-yearly dividend, (Hear, heari)'" The.Chairman stated that be had, in his opening!.' remarks, omitted to! mention that, the whole of their profits had been exclusive of what they expected to realise from their English agency. Mr. T,' B;_. Bruce enquired whether there would he any objection tp the premiums being placed upon two lines, the first showing . the - actual amounts earned, and tfie second" the amounts in suspension—being the ppenuums still • run ning. The Chairman was" glad tha| Mr. Bruce had asked the question, ■ but thought Jit unnecessary ,to place the; pre miums upon two lines,because the reserve.fund (£1,625 12s. 6d.) would serve to reinsure -. all the outstanding risks at the close ,of. the half year, leaving the sum capitalised as clear profit. The Hon. Thos. English, M.L.C., proposed a vote of thanks to tho Chairman, aiuj. the other Directors, and in doing so took occasion tp allude to the prosperity which had attended the Compaiiy. Mr. Bruce seconded, and ex pressed a hope that dividends wauld not be declared until the Company .was placed upon a firm foundation. iTbe proposition was carried unanimously. The Chairman, in acknowledg ing the compliment, ihtimated that the Direc tors intended.to act aS'Mr. Bruce hoped, for it was their earnest desire to place the company upon a substantial..basis. The meeting then closed. V"--"'"' An eleveii of the Munno Para Bas Cricket Club and another team got together by Mr. C. Tompkins played a friendly game of cricket at Smithfield on Mbndajq March-2." The umpires, and captains -were Mr. Keys and Mr. . Ifouid for/the Munno Pai>ag,<.and Miv: Harvey and Mr.. Tompkins, for the ..other. The game commenced by the Munrio Paras going to the stumps, ;which they defendeduntil 76 runs were acquired, the largest..score being-that,; of J.'. Hamlin,;i6. runs.\ Mr;,Tompkins's team.,then took' their place,, mid "ran up. a. score; of7 i runs,.: Mr. Hillier m aking a capital innings, .of 30" runs. Mr.' H. Kobertsj; oiie^of the; players,'had the. misfortune to sprain his knee in this" innings so' veiy seriously as to,completely put a;stop,to his playing, for the remainder of the day, and another man had to play for him. This unfor tunate occurrence, together with'the. fact that they only had ten men in the field, placed Mr. Tompkins's team at a considerable disadvantage.; At the'dinner,' which took place at the Smith-' field Hotel'' after: thfe first inning's,, the rival teams, after partaking heartily of a good spread by Host Hubble, pledged the healths' of each, other insuitable terms, and- with three' times three. Mr. P. Gaylard was in the chair, and Mr. C.- Tompkins in the viceLchair;:'The willoW was next handled bythe Munno! Paras,"twho r'anr up; a'score of :85,' 34 :of which were well made ; by; J. Loftes, The; others-'then went in,, but-' owing to their having to leave by it He train were ' unable to. finish the innings, consequently the: - game was decided by the first-inningsf/ A ruSh was made for the train, and the party left'for town amidst. Hie cheers of 4 their ^successful antagonists, having; spent. , a ' -very'-pleasant though; warm day,; but there was fortunately i plenty, of cool refreshments provided by Host < Hubble. ' The following fe the? score ' { Monno Para East CltjB;; ; i • ! .'First Innings.;; Second-Inning^. , "W.I Loftes, c. Tomkins:.. \6 b; Hillier ... 1 R. Patterson,- b. Roberts - 9-b. Stack . . 0 R. Loftes, c. Reedman;.'. 9..b. Hillier, . ' .'.i 0' J. Loftes, b. Hillier ,.... ; 5 not,out < j3i J. Hamlin, h.'Morcom... 16 h. Hillier , A: J. Burden, b. Hillier ... 0 b. Stack .... 8. ■R. Wilson, b. Hillier ... ,1 b. Stack ; .,. 3. T. Hewston,,o.: Nottage. 4 c, .Npttage,,1, S. Buttfield, 'is. Hillier... 8 .bi;Stack .3 E. L. Ifoiild, b. Hillier . 4 b. Stack,...5. H. Buttfield, not out ... 0 b.. Stack' . ... ,.,0 ; Byes. , . ... ..-. 11 , Ryes ,,.: ;...-24 WideV; ,.i 3 Leg-bye .;. ,1 Wide , ... . 1 85. Mb. Tompkins's Team. S. Walder, c. W. Loftes 4 b. R. Loftes ... 6 E. Reedman, b. R. Loftes 6 b. R. Loftes ... 6 W. Hillier, run out •'... 30 b. J. Loftes ... 0 S. Morcom, b. R. Loftes 0 b. J. Lofte3 ... ; 5 H. Roberts, not out ... 6 W.Patterson,r.o.l J. Nottage, b. W- Loftes 7 b. J. Loftes ... 8 J. Stack, c. R, Loftes ..; 4 b. R.- Loftes ... 4 C. Tompkins, c. R. Loftes 3 c. W. Loftes v.. 3 H. Cox, c. Hewston ... 4 runout ... 0 O. B. Towley, b. W. Loftes 0 not;out » i: .5' Substitute, ;b. R. Loftes. 7 notout- -. :...v Oi Wides ... 3; ; "Byes ... 6 ' : :Wides ... 3 74, .47 On . Monday evening, March 2, Mr. Coppin opened. at the .Town,. Hail, and ■ -was. favored with, a bumper house, eyery part .being; well filled, and the gallery densely crowded. The attractions were sufficiently great to draw an Adelaide audience in the^dullest i of tiines-r->' the ancient fondness for Mr. Coppin, the- im inense popularity of Mr. Greville, the expecta ; tionS raised respecting Mr. Anderson's appear ance!, the rising reputation of one; or two other artistes, the novelty of seeing theatricals in such a place, and possibly the recollections of the entertaining and 'occasionally exciting discussions respecting the propriety of devoting the people's hallito such purposes, all combining to.'bring the citizens to the opening night.:,:;;~-The great anxiety was relative to the effect of the arrange ments upoxrithe acoustic properties of the rotim, and po .far the success, has not, been quite com plete. The "beat' elocutionists "of rthe 'company managed ; to make themselves generally heard, but their ; lower ? notes' were, • often' lo3t, so nariing. the .effect of the text; ' while of 'lie 'majority of the actors not a word was heard. fdistinctly, and1 • their '"performances were in dumb: show. Against all 'these disad vantages the piece was played'with effect, and was jvell; received. ■ As Hamlet, Mr." J. Ander son secured immense applause, and'"will be a favorite. His fine'presence and bearing, his voice, and elocutionary ^talent, ''are ail'im-' mensely in his favor. The true ideal of 'Ham let lias ever ; been a much debated point, and probably will: remain so. Tho vexed ques-' tiou of his sanity:oiv insanity " might" almost' be' adduced as a proof of this, and upon that matter Sir. Anderson's rendering could hardly' be expected to.throw, much light. ... The scenes in which he was iriosf undeniably successful were! the'meetings With' the Ghost,' Halmlet's withering reproaches of his mother, the actors* scene, 'that so discomposed • the guilty monarch;' and the scenes at Ophelia's grave, arid the finale. If there was a defect; in Mr. Anderson's rendering of the' character it Was an occasional want: of flexibility of , tone and manner iri passing' fromjone mood to another,, from veiled invective td mere off-hand banter, jfrotn fierce reproach to; cold hut-biting sarcasm. We offer tliis opinion, however,' hesitatingly,! as it was impossible to. do Mr. 'Anderson justice when much of .what he; said, land often every word uttered by those he. was iu.dialogiie with,iwas' unheard.- < -His tact-1 ing was warmly applauded, and he was greeted with [tremendous cheering; ou his first ^appear ance,' and was, frequently applauded during the. piece; The part of . the Ghost was appropriately acted! by Mr. Holloway, and Mr/1 Lawrence's: rendering of. Laertes, was; very creditable, though it was cruel to leave out the lines— i ; "Too mu And therefore I forbid taiy tears'." ' .' - c,i But forgetfulness was"-: forgivable • under the harrowing circumstances. ^ Id'the" last scene Laerties' was'acted' adniirribly.1'The 'theatre-; going! public may safely look forward 'with 'plea- -' sure 'to seeing Mr.1 Lawrence on the stage agaiui We do • not think Mr. Welsh treated Polonius fairly. That Polonius was not an ab solute fool, his. advice to his1 son on dismissing him for his Paris journey 'should be taken as a sufficient proof, and there is. certainly, no war rant for representing him as a mere pantaloon. When Hamlet addresses him as a' calf or a dotard, he does so in his mad humor, just as Pasgtiin speaks of Gladstone' as an idiot', Derby as a mere jockey, - and Bismark as ah ass." King Claudius was represented by Mr. Metcalfe, who. Undoubtedly succeeded in making him very un like: Hamlet's portrait of the departed'king. ■Claudius as we 'saw him was, . decidedly un kingly, as far as our'conceptions of royalty go'; and, exoept iff one or two instances, seemed" singularly unimpressed with the gravity of his situation. Mrs. 'Holloway performed her part of the Queen1 with considerable judgment and feeling; and in the scenes with,Hamlet and Ophelia was very good, and met with much ap:, plause. Miss St. 'Dems: played "OpHlia very ' cleverly and naturally,' arid has evidently studied Her part with akeeu appreciation !of the cha- ' racier she: had to render/ '■ Mournful as the madness of poor Ophelia is,' a', ludicrous air might too easily be given to.it by! an' unskilful or nervous actress,, audi rounds, of . applause greeted IVJiss St., Denis op her getting safely through her difficult vole. The ovation of, the., night, however, wasreservedforGrevillej who.was, unable to commence. his ipelahcholy operations for some minutes, on^account' of the prolonged and frequently reriewe&'applause, with which he! was greeted. . All his quaint humor was dis-, played in his attitude,'get up, voice, and man ner, and he succeede'd;iri keeping, the house in roars of laughter. No one was heard more dis tinctly in the hall than he, every word sound ing clearly in every part of .the holding. For. the rest' of the; performers, we scarcely, heard them, and this was. a drawback, ,'for it, is very awkward to hoar drily one side of a conversation. Their acting was. of itself some what tame, arid wanting in harmony with the scenes or the dialogue— At.the close of the-piece, in answer to a vocjferous' call,!Mr. Anderson.appeared before; the curtain, and thanked the. audience " iqost cordially, sincerely,. and gratefully" for the hind and hearty reception they had given him. -He- felt great-pleasure in meeting an Adelaide audience, q.nd owed that pleasure to Mr. Coppin, towards whom he cherished the warmest feelings of esteem. Mr. Coppin's in* dustry,. talent,,and the,energy and liberality with which, he ~ proyided'"amusdraprit: for the whole of Australia jnerited reward, and he had no doubt he would be largely and heartily sup ported .in Adelaide. \ Mr. Anderson; then re tired amidst renewed cheering. To-night "Othello" will be played, with Mr. Anderson as Othello. The catering arrange ments were excellent, and were thoroughly appreciated on so exliausting—and thirsty, a' night. TEe cloak _ rooms and the bal cony were fitted^ up with bars and tables, and Mr. Aldridge, with a numerous and efficient staff of assistants,; were iuUy employed in sup plying .with cooling- drinks and; solid refresh ments the crowds who poured in between the acts.'"' ■■■ v 