IMPOUNDINGS. BACCHUS MA.RSH.-Iimpoundedd at lhacchus Marsh, by W. Cruikshank, trespass 6d. Grey mare, slightly fleabitton, fore feet shod, P off neck. If not claimed and expenses paid, to be sold 2Bth March, Wih. ANDEaSON, Poundkeeper. BALLAN,-Impounded at the Ballan Pound, 27th Feb., by Mr. Radley, trespass 6d. each, Bay horse, star and snip, off hind foot white, collar marked, blotch like 0 near shoulder, 55 off shoulder; brown mare, saddle marked, U over JR conjoined near shoulder, M over i off shoulder. If not claimed aid expenses paid, to be sold on 25th March, On 2nd March, by D. Maopherson, Esq., trespass 6d. each. Fleabitten grey mare, collar marked, | over like TA near shoulder black horse, star and snip, collar marked, WB near shoulder; bay filly, W over B over B near shoulder, P over blotch near neck. Notice to supposed owner. If not claimed and expenses paid, tobe sold on 1st April, SY, CooP?r, Pound. keeper. MELTON.-Impounded at Melton, on the 25th February, by Mr. Geo. Cowsay, trespass Is. 6d. Bay horse, black points, slightly collar and saddle marked, like G reversed near shoulder. If not claimed and expenses paid, to be sold on 25th March. JoHN M'DONALD, Poundlkeeper. GISBORNE.-Impounded at Gisborne. Bd : and white heifer, about 18 months, star, brand (if any) not visible. If not claimed and expenses paid, to be sold on 18th April. H. 1. DIxom, Poundkeeper. WYNDHAM.--Impounded at Wyndhmn Shire Pound, Little River, 25th February, by Mr. R. Edgar, trespass 5s. Chesnut mare, near fore and both hind feet white, 1l near shoulder, JP con joined or J blotched off shoulder, off fore foot deformed. If not claimed aud expenses p.id, to be sold 25th March. EhD'ED?IIO RYIanM, Pound keeper. KEII.OR.-Impounded at Keilor, 20th Febru ary, by the Managers of Keloler United Cominon, trespass 6d. each. Black mare, star and blazo face, near fore and both hind feet white, medium draught, like SD or GD off shoulder; chosnut mare, blaze face, near fore and both hind feet white, saddle marked, like JF conjoined near shoulder, 1H near rump, saddle marked. If not claimedl and expenses paid, to be sold on slt April, E. BONIEInI), Poundkeeper. CorE.aDGE had a favourite story to prove the impossibility of ghosts, which was to this effect: Some one dressed up to represent a speotro entered the room of a young man, from whose pistols-which he was known to keep loaded beside him, and to be not unpreparud to use-the bullets had been previously drawn. The sleeper awoke, grasped and levelled a pistol, and after warning the intruder and meeting no response, fired. The supposed apparition gaily flung a bullet at him, as if he had caught it, and were returning it. T'he young manu fill back --in an. instant he was dead, ''lie moiment h blioved.in. the reality of the apparition, the shock killed him. Hence Coleridge trgued, if any matn were per suaded he had really seen a ghost, lie could not have survived it. THE principal of an academy gave a pupil who was an aspirant for the situation of school teacher a certificate, which Mud, "This young min is. capable of filling any position for which lie is qualified." " No saemouxr all'wed hero." said the captain of a steamlboat to one of his passengers, an rishiman, who was puffing away at a long nine. " And surely," nzswerod Pat.. " I'm not smoking aloud." AN Ohio paper contains an advertisomont of an enterprising trail:siman, who, at the. end of it, aunounces:--" inistera of the Gospel supplied with goods at, cost, if they agsvre in mnution the Sfact to their congregations." 