The Sydney Morning Herald. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1868. In the Legislative Council, yesterday, there were present the President, Mr. Docker, Mr. Allen, Mr. Blaxland, Mr. Gordon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lord, Mr. B. Bussell, and Mr. E. Deas Thomson —not enough to form a quorum, and the President adjourned the Council to 4 p.m. this day. In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Mr. PARKES, in answer to a question, said that the papers in Mr. Charles Tibbey's case would be pro- duced to-day. The papers were subsequently laid on the table. Mr. DODDS brought up a report from the select committee on the claim of the Rev. James White. On the motion of Mr. JOSEPHSON, it was ordered that the House should on Friday next go into Com- mittee to consider the propriety of placing £182 7s. 9d. on the Estimates, to reimburse Mr. Bush for services on the Gold Fields in 1851 ; and a select committee was appointed to inquire into the removal of Mr. Rowland Hassall from the Commission of the Peace. The petitions of Mrs. Eliza Colwell and. Thomas M'Cormack were ordered to be printed. Leave was given to Mr. FORSTER to introduce a bill to amend the Stamp Duties Act of 1865. Mr. ROBERTSON moved that, in failing to carry out the joint recommendation of the Speaker and the President, the Government had been guilty of an invasion of the powers of the House. He deprecated any attempt to deal with this matter as a party ques- tion ; and to show that he had no such intention he moved that the Speaker's statement be read, express- ing his intention to make no speech himself, but to take that statement as his address in support of the motion. The statement of the Speaker was read by the Clerk at the table, and a letter of the President's was also read. Mr. LUCAS seconded the motion. Mr. PARKES thought that if it were desired to put this question on a satisfactory basis, this motion should have been put in another form, for he maintained there had been no infringement of the power of the House as declared by the resolution. But supposing there had been, a mere resolution of one Parliament was not binding on any other that succeeds it. He quoted several cases in which abstract resolutions had been carried, and been treated as a nullity by the then Government. Presuming, however, that this Parliament had adopted the resolution, the Govern- ment had done nothing in opposition to it. They had not sought to make any appointment other than on the recommendation of the Speaker. Reviewing the statement of the Speaker, he asserted that, so far from the recommendation being an actual nomination, as the Speaker regarded it to be, the House had intended nothing of the kind. The resolution certainly gave the recommendation to the Speaker, but it left to the Government the power of consultation ; so that if they saw any objec- tion to the recommendation, they should state it before appointing. Mr. Murray, the President of the other House, a very old legislator, having been a member of the Legislature since the first establishment of repre- sentative institutions in the colony, held this view. In his statement made before the other House he had given expression to this view. The hon. gentleman was about to quote, from this statement, when Mr. GARRETT objected to any portion of the President's statement being read. Some discussion ensued on this point, it being urged on the one side that it would be unfair to exclude the President's statement after that of the Speaker had been read ; and on the other, that it was opposed to the rules of Parliament to refer to the proceedings of the other House. Mr. Speaker ruled that the state- ment could not be read. Mr. PARKES was commencing by alluding to the unfairness with which he was always treated, when Mr. GARRETT again rose to order, and appealed to the Speaker to know if he was to be charged with unfair- ness. Another small discussion ensued, the Speaker ultimately ruling that Mr. Parkes was quite in order. Mr. PARKES said, as he was so pertinaciously in- terrupted, he should not trouble the House with any further remarks. Mr. PIDDINGTON, taking the same view as Mr. Parkes that there had been no infringement of the resolution, entered into the circumstances under which the resolution had been carried in 1860. He next showed how it had been set aside by the Forster Government in the same session, and by the Robert- son Government in the same Parliament. This last Government, acting under the resolution, had claimed ' much more than the present Colonial Secretary had done, for when the office of Sergeant-at Arms be- came vacant, the Government proposed three names, from which they wished the Speaker to select the person to fill the office. The Colonial Secretary however, had done no more than what he was undoubtedly entitled to do. He had stated only on a recommendation being made the objections which had occurred to him against the person recommended. Mr. S. C.BROWN, Mr. GARRETT, and Mr. LUCAS supported the motion, insisting that the intent of the resolution of 1860 was to leave the appointment of the officers of Parliament in the hands of the Speaker. Mr. J. STEWART and Dr.LANG opposed the motion contending that the Government ought to have the right of veto. That they could not get rid of the responsibility attaching to appointment, and were consequently bound to supervise the recommendations of the Speaker. Mr. SAMUEL supported the motion ; and Mr. WINDEYER expressed his regret that, on this occasion, he was bound by principle to vote against the party with whom he acted, and in favour of the motion. Mr. MARTIN denied that he had ever given any recommendation to Mr. Marsh. On the contrary, he had told that gentleman and his friends that the office ought not to be filled up, but that the salary ought to be saved. With regard to the matter under discus- sion, all the Colonial Secretary had done, had been to ask the Speaker to reconsider the recommendation he had made. This he had been perfectly justified in doing. Whilst the Speaker had declined to do this, the President had done so, and had withdrawn from the recommendation. As a consequence the joint recommendation no longer existed, and in that posi- tion of affairs it would not be courteous on the part of the Government to the other Chamber, to make an appointment in which the President did not agree. It had been said that the President had no right, having joined in the recommendation, to withdraw from it. But was it to be supposed that a mere nomination was to be regarded as irrevocable ? Such a motion would be absurd, for even an appointment might be annulled, for the holder might be dismissed : how much more, then, might a mere nomination be withdrawn before it was acted on. Mr. FORSTER quoted from the speeches of the Attorney General made in 1860, when the reso- lution quoted was under discussion, in order to show that at that time Mr. Martin had contended for the absolute power of dismissal and appointment of officers of the House being solely in the hands of the Speaker. As to the motion, the Government admitted that the joint recommendation of the Speaker and President would be considered by them as final. On this the whole case rested, the admission settling the question con- clusively. It had been said that the President had withdrawn from the joint recommendation. He de- nied, however, that the President had done so, or that he could do so ; and asserted that the joint recom- mendation existed at this moment as valid as when first signed. It was only by the common concurrence of all the parties that a document jointly signed could be rendered void ; and the President could not with- draw without the consent of the other party, the Speaker. Thus the document was still valid, and under the admission of the Government, must be acted on. Mr. FARNELL, upon somewhat similar grounds, supported the motion, but objected to the offensive way in which it was worded. He moved an amend- ment, to the effect that the House approved of the nomination by Mr. Speaker of Mr. J. C. Walker as Parliamentary Librarian. Mr. ROBERTSON replied ; and the amendment was lost by 38 to 4. The original motion was then put, and negatived by 23 to 19. Mr. MARTIN moved the adjournment of the House ; and after some remarks from Mr. GARRETT and Mr. FORSTER, the motion was carried ; and the House adjourned, at nine minutes to 11, until 3 o'clock this day. THE departure of the PRINCE will restore this community to its wonted calm. All recol- lections that men can stir up or bring to light from the past will, no doubt, for a time ripple on the surface ; but other interests, enmities, and passions will soon occupy the public thought, and from their less absorbing and general importance will divide the attention of society. The influence of stirring events in educating the people, in sobering them and rectifying their judgment, has been repeatedly observed. We have often seen a strange expansion of mind and development of faculties in young persons when face to face with great dangers, responsibilities, or when sequestered by suffer- ing. It is so with communities and nations. Profound agitations of fear and hope stimulate the moral and intellectual energies, and we, while passing through them, seem to live fast. Thus the colony has been occupied for months ; the more active members of society in providing entertainment for the rest ; the reflective in calculating the cost of things, tracing emotions to their principles, and forecasting the future by the present. How much in all this has there been of gold ? How much of dross ? How far have generous sentiments been diluted by egotism and vanity ? What has been the effect upon the rising generation, and at what angle have they surveyed the scenes that have passed before them. These are points of ra- tional curiosity, but there is no rule by which they can be fixed with exactness. There will, however, be beneficial re- sults in refreshing the sense of a national life, which the isolation and indi- vidualism of colonies have a tendency to, destroy. To those who were born in the country there was a faint impression of the greatness and unity of British empire. That grand idea which combines all the parts of a system in one whole, and com- municates to every member a part of the universal dignity, splendour, and power of the entire body, has been represented and enforced by the visit of the Galatea and the celebrations to which it has given rise. No doubt, the influence of this precious sentiment may be impaired and weakened, and the warm emotions of the hour be followed by reactions. Such seems the law that over- rules all things. But still remains the great fact that when the Sovereign of Eng- land desired to give practical proof of the glory and power of the British Empire, she sent her son as the messenger of good will, whom we have sent back with testimonials of un- bounded regard. There is always a dullness in the mind after a holiday, but the relaxation from long-continued brooding upon narrow views will show its benefit, we hope, in the body politic as upon the human frame. It is true that in certain quarters there has been no intermission of quarrelling and scrambling. They have, how- ever, excited but little attention, and the taste for their peculiar form and character has been probably abated. After travellers returned, having now gazed at broad fields and high mountains, we shall now feel that much in do- mestic politics is insufferably flat. Necessity will, however, now impose upon us attention to our affairs both public and private. The question of money, mean and prosy though it be, is imperative and inexorable. Those splendid shawls, velvets, satins, and ribbons, of all the dyes of the rainbow —those manifold 'tis-buts of subtle accumulation in festive days —those postponements of payment which gather their formidable bulk with mush- room rapidity —all will appear in a terrible sum total. Honest people will shake their heads, but proceed by economy, effort, and industry to regulate their accounts. They will make the self- denial of one part of the season atone for the luxury of the other. These things have been done before, and may be done again ; and so another class of lessons may be imposed upon the community. People who are not honest will declare, and so instruct the dealers in costly commodities that they, too, are interested in the moderation of the people. We have observed with plea- sure the willingness of all classes to facilitate the enjoyment of their neighbours. Employers have readily consented to the holidays if of reasonable appointment. We should be glad to see some final arrangement in respect to stated days, excluding from public recognition any that are not asso- ciated with colonial or loyal observance. There can be no objection to any man cele- brating St. George's, St. Andrew's, St. Patrick's, or St. David's Day. The English- man may sport the rose, the Scotchman the thistle, the Hibernian the shamrock, and the Welshman the leek ; but Australia should recognise no fete days that are not Imperial, colonial, or unless such a.. have been set apart by ecclesiastical tradition. We have seen the mischief of multiplying these sectional holidays, and imposing them upon the whole people. They belong to an era and a state of things passing away. They have ceased to be connected with acts of worship, and they pro- duce no useful result in Australian life. The leaders of the Trade-Unions of England have succeeded, though not without some diffi- culty, in persuading Mr. GLADSTONE to have a conference with them. Mr. GLADSTONE is not now in office, but he is recognised as the leader of the Liberal party, and is sure to be in office again before long. It is not to be supposed that this conference will really explain much or settle much. Its value will depend on the fact that a friendly discussion should take place at all be- tween the two parties. For on both sides the interlocutors will be representative men. Mr. GLADSTONE thinks and feels with the educated middle classes ; the delegates will express the opinions and aspirations of the artisan class. That there is need of a rapprochement be- tween these two classes is abundantly evident. The Sheffield and the Manchester disclosures, and the evidence taken before the Commission, show plainly enough that a different political economy prevails amongst the working class to that which obtains among the middle class. The two classes are not moving forward on the same, or even on parallel lines. They are on diverging routes, and every day the separation seems to widen. The trade unions, originally established as mutual benefit societies, and which have developed into wage- regulating societies, can as easily be continued into political societies. Precisely the same in- fluences which prevail with a man to strike in obedience to orders from head-quarters can be made to prevail with him to vote for a particular candidate. The Reform Act, there- fore, places the political power not only in the hands of the most numerous class, but the class also that is best organised. This has created an uneasy feeling, because the whole commerce of the country might be imperilled if a false commercial philosophy became dominant in the House of Commons. The policy of the Unions has consequently been discussed more fully and more earnestly in the English journals than it ever has been before, because it is discussed under a sense of danger. The working classes have been entreated to study political economy, and to see how inevitable and irreversible the laws of nature are. On the other hand, the Unionists, compact as they are, and conscious of their power, are not altogether indifferent to the adverse public opinion that has thus been awakened against them. The better portion of them seek to justify the position they assume and the doctrines they avow. Admitting that they study the question from the wage-getters' point of view, and that their principles have been gradually developed out of a struggle for class interests, they contend that experience has vindicated them. They avow themselves prepared to explain and defend their policy as one calculated to elevate the condi- tion of the working man ; and it is in this spirit that they have ventured to seek a conference with Mr. GLADSTONE, that through him they may address generally the large body of educated persons who have an honest sympathy with the welfare of the masses. That there should, if possible, be a better understanding between the different sections of society, is in the highest degree desirable. Nothing so much weakens a State as intestine divisions. Uniformity of condition is not to be expected, but unity of sympathy may be. Strikes are so many local civil wars, and they not only impoverish large districts, but they tend to divert and reduce the trade of the country. Great Britain is the only continental country in which trade-unions are tolerated, and the abuse of the liberty is, by comparison, found to be injurious. It is contrary to the spirit of the age that this liberty should be withdrawn, and contrary also to the free institutions of the country. The remedy, therefore, must be found in a fuller education, in a better mutual feeling between employers and employed, and in a deeper sense of community of interest. The late Exhibition at Paris impressed many observers with a deep conviction that artisan skill on the Continent is becoming of a higher grade than that in England. This is partly attributed to the want of technical education, but still more to that part of the trade-union policy which forbids the development of skill. Human capacity only unfolds itself by effort, and the effort is called forth by pressure. The competition of life, and the ambition to rise in the world, supply that pres- sure. If that is removed, the energy relaxes. It is charged against the unions that they minimise the measure of a full day's work, that they restrain the cleverness of a superior workman, that they dissuade a man from seeking to rise above his colleagues, that they make good work a subordinate considera- tion to good pay, that they ignore the interest of the employer altogether, and that they not only sacrifice the interests of a superior work- man to that of his class, but that they sacrifice the interests of the whole of society to that class. It is against these accusations, and such as these, that the unionist leaders have been called upon to defend themselves ; and it is to their credit that they are willing to respond to the call, and advance their views, not merely by the power of numbers but by the force of reason. THE PRISONER O'FARRELL. —At a meeting of the Executive Council, held on Monday, it was decided that O'Farrell should be hanged on the 21st instant. EQUITY BUSINESS. —His Honor the Chief Justice sat yesterday, for a short time, in the absence of the Primary Judge, to dispose of such equity business as required im- mediate attention. The only business thus disposed of was of a routine character, of no interest to any but the parties immediately concerned in it. PRESENTATION TO NURSES BY THE PRINCE. —It will be remembered that when his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh was lying ill of his wound at Government House, two of the trained nurses, under the superin- tendence of Miss Osborne, attended on the Royal sufferer ; in recognition of their services his Royal Highness sent on Monday for these two nurses, and presented each of them with a handsome gold watch and chain. ADDRESS OF SYMPATHY TO THE PRINCE. —The pupils of the Balmain Commercial Academy presented an address of sympathy to his Royal Highness through his Excellency Earl Belmore, to which a reply has been received from his Excellency's Private Secretary that his Royal Highness had great pleasure in receiving it. PRINCE ALFRED PINE. —During the stay of his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh and suite in the colony, they have bestowed a liberal patronage upon the Double Bay Exotic Nursery, whence they were regularly supplied with flowers, and as soon as it was ripe, with the delicious fruit of the Japanese date plum. The Messrs. Guilfoyle and Son, gratified with this distinction, were desirous of commemorating the favours they enjoyed by associating his Royal Highness's name with a new and remarkable plant recently imported from the Island of New Guinea, and the Prince, through the Hon. Eliot Yorke, signified his intention of paying a special visit to the nursery for the purpose of inspecting and naming the little treasure. Whether the visit was deferred to too late a period, or was precluded by other engagements, it was necessary to take the will for the deed, and the name "Alfred Pine" has been given to it independent of its scientific designation, which has yet to be fixed. The plant has qualities that eminently justified the distinction bespoken for it. It belongs to the beautiful Taxis tribe, but the leaves are unusually fine, long, and graceful. Its most remarkable feature is that both the upper and under surfaces of the foliage are frosted with a silver tint. Some known species of Taxis have their leaves silvered on one side, but none wee pre- viously known having the same colour on both sides. During a visit to the Gardens another novelty, a very elegant pine (also a Taxis), with long leaves divided into pinnæ, of a bright grass green, was given his name by the Hon. Eliot Yorke. Amongst the other new attractions is a fine fern from Menogoni, one of the Loyalty Islands. No such plant has yet been described, but in character it appears to approach nearest to the Aspleniums. Its novelty is not its only commendation ; its colours and form are very fine, and its habit extremely graceful. These three plants are valuable additions to the large and choice collection of plants at this establishment, and their intro- duction fresh evidence of the enterprise of the firm in bringing into notice the interesting flora of the Australasian and Pacific Islands. FULL LENGTH PORTRAIT OF THE PRINCE. —Mr. Montague Scott, the well-known artist, had the honour, immediately before the departure of the Duke of Edinburgh, to be commissioned, through the Hon. Henry Parkes, to paint a full-length life-sized portrait of his Royal Highness in oils —destined (as it is understood) to ornament the walls of the Legislative Assembly, opposite to the admirable portrait of Mr. Wentworth. This noble encouragement, to what we may, perhaps, be allowed to claim as an Australian artist, will prove the means of perpetuating amongst us a vivid recollection of the manly form and dignified features of the Sailor Prince, endeared to so many thousands amongst us. The price of this picture is to be not less than 250 guineas. The Duke honoured Mr. Scott with an hour's sitting at Government House, last Friday afternoon, for the purpose of enabling the artist to make a hand drawing for the intended picture, and the Prince was further pleased to order that all his decorations, sword, hat, uniform, &c.;, should be sent to Mr. Scott's studio, at 392, George-street, for the necessary photographs. This was done on Satur- day morning last. His Royal Highness at the same time expressed entire satisfaction at the execution of the work of photographing the officers of the Galatea in two groups — one set round a medallion of himself, and one round a similar picture of Commander Campbell. In respect of the portrait ordered by His Royal Highness, it is only fair to surmise, from the great success already achieved by Mr. Scott in this branch of his art (and especially as displayed in his splendidly finished portrait of Archbishop Polding), that the painting will be well worthy of the subject. THE ROYAL ARRIVAL GALOP. —Mr. John Hill (a member of the Royal Band) has composed a dashing Galop, in commemoration of the visit of the Duke of Edinburgh to Sydney. Though last in the field, it is decidedly not the least of the many compositions that have been offered for the patronage of the public, and will, we imagine, become a general favourite. Mr. Hill is a musician of recognised ability, and, therefore, this morceau will, no doubt, meet with due recognition. MEETING AT BALMAIN. — A public meeting was held in the Oddfellows' Hall, Balmain, last evening, for the pur- pose of adding to the committee already appointed to collect subscriptions in the district towards the Prince Alfred Hospital. Mr. Henry Perdriau, the mayor of the borough, was voted to the chair, and explained the objects of the meeting, and the reasons which led him to convene it. A sub-committee to canvass Balmain for subscriptions had, he said, already been appointed by the central com- mittee. That sub-committee, however, consisted of only four gentlemen, namely, Messrs. R. T. Ford, T. Macarthur, P. Wilkinson, and H. Perdriau, —and as the district was a large and important one, it had been thought desirable that the number should be increased; and having received a requisition, he had convened that meeting in order that additional names might be proposed and added to the sub-committee already appointed. Sub- scription lists had been delivered at nearly every house in Balmain, and it was mainly for the collection of those lists, together with the subscriptions, that additional assistance was required. It was then moved by Mr. Webb, seconded by Alderman Marshall, and carried, — "That the aldermen and clergymen of the borough and district, and Messrs. G. Reed, E. Hunt, A. Gow, M. Ireland, and C. Cane, be requested to act on the committee; and that the committee have power to add to their number." A vote of thanks to the chairman was then moved by Mr. Webb. In seconding the motion, the Rev. G. F. Dillon urged upon the inhabitants of the borough and district of Balmain to be liberal in their con- tributions for an object so noble and charitable, and thereby testify their affectionate regard for Prince Alfred, and their abhorrence of the occurrence which had taken place in this colony. He entirely approved of the movement which had been so earnestly taken in hand, and he sincerely hoped and believed that it would be brought to a successful issue. The Mayor having acknowledged the compliment, the meeting separated. ASHFIELD. —YASMAR Sabbath School. —The eighth anniversary of the above school was held on Friday last. A very large number of children, with a good attendance of adult friends, principally ladies, assembled together at 3 o'clock, in the commodious schoolroom at Dobroyde. The building was filled in every part. There could not have been fewer than 150 children present. The interior of the building presented its usual imposing appearance as on similar occasions, in the shape of wreaths of flowers and beautifully wrought mottoes, the handiwork of the ladies of the neigh- bourhood. The Rev. Mr. Mackenzie, pastor of the church, occupied the chair, and the meeting having been opened by the singing of a hymn, and prayer offered up by the Rev. Mr. Howden, the chairman briefly addressed the children. He expressed the great pleasure it gave him to see so many children assembled. He gave a brief history of the school from its commencement. Eight years ago a few children assembled in Mr. J. Learmonth's house. On the erection of the present school-room six years ago, the children formerly meeting in Mr. Learmonth's house, steadily in- creasing in numbers, were removed to the school-room, and it was truly wonderful and a matter of great thankfulness that in eight short years, the children had so rapidly in- creased, that the school was at this moment one of the largest and most flourishing schools out of Sydney. Mr. Learmonth, the superintendent of the school, in giving a report for the past year, said they had much cause for gratitude and thankfulness. During the past year there had been a great amount of sickness among the children ; two of them God had been pleased to remove by death ; the attendance on the whole, however, had been very satis- factory. The conduct of the children in the school had been all that could be desired, and he urged upon the children the duty of remembering on their way to and from the school, that they were Sabbath School children. He particularly inculcated upon them the duty of remem- bering with their teachers the Sabbath school at a throne of grace, and feelingly reminded them of the prayer he had often asked them to offer —" God bless the Yasmar Sabbath school." The missionary box, he said, told a very gratifying tale, the sums collected for the past six months amounting to £12 13s. 6d., a larger sum than had ever been previously collected in twelve months. Mr. Learmonth closed his address by reading a letter he had that morning received from Lieutenant Haig, equerry in waiting to his Royal High- ness the Duke of Edinburgh, expressive of the regret his Royal Highness felt that he would not now be able to lay the foundation stone of the new Presbyterian Church here, which he certainly would have done but for that dire calamity which so recently filled all our hearts with deepest sorrow. The Revs. Dr. Steel, T. A. Gordon, J. Kinross, — Howden, and Mr. Hossack, having briefly and suit- ably addressed the children, Mr. Learmonth proceeded to distribute a large number of prizes which he had purchased for them. After singing the National Anthem, and pro- nouncing the benediction, old and young retired from the schoolroom to the adjoining grounds, near the Yasmar Gate, where they were plentifully supplied with tea, cake, and other good things, kindly provided by the Yasmar family. After tea, the children amused themselves with their different games, and when the sun had set dispersed to their respective homes. —Communicated. DONATION BY H. R.H. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH. — In addition to the donations made by His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh to various charitable and benevo- lent institutions, noticed in a recent issue, His Royal High- ness left a cheque for £50 for the Home Visiting and Relief Society. Letters to H. R. H. the DUKE OF EDINBURGH. — During the stay of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh in Sydney he had a very large number of letters addressed to him by all kinds of people, on all sorts of subjects. Many of these were from the secretaries of different societies asking for subscriptions, but by far the greater number were from private individuals, asking assistance and support, or for influence to obtain employ- ment. As His Royal Highness was unacquainted with the merits of the cases brought under his notice, he referred the letters to the Chief Secretary, Mr. Parkes. On Mon- day morning last, prior to the luncheon at Government House, Mr. Parkes had a conference with His Royal Highness, by request of the latter, when they went through the cases brought under notice, and His Royal Highness expressed his views thereon. He also expressed his opinion as to how the several cases ought to be disposed of, and charged Mr. Parkes with this duty. O'FARRELL'S PISTOLS. —His Royal Highness the Duke ot Edinburgh, having expressed to the Colonial Secretary desire to have the pistol with which he was shot by the assassin O'Farrell, at Clontarf, and that picked up immediately after the arrest of the prisoner, Captain M'Lerie was requested to procure both weapons. The pistols having been obtained, a small cedar case was manufactured and fitted up for their reception. On the inside of the cover of the case is a small plate bearing the following inscription :—" The pistols marked A and B were exhibits in evidence at the trial of Henry J. O'Farrell, before the Central Criminal Court, Sydney, New South Wales, on the 30th and 31st March, 1868, charged with shooting with intent to murder H.R.H. the Duke of Edin- burgh, at Clontarf, in that colony, on the 12th March, 1868\. ' A ' is the pistol from which the shots were fired, one taking effect in the body of H.R.H., and the other in the foot of Mr. George Thorne, of Sydney. B was found on the prisoner when appre- hended by the police. Office of Inspector- General of Police, Sydney, 2nd April, 1868." The pistols were placed in the case in the same state in which they were taken from the assassin, four of the chambers of that marked A being charged, and the whole of the chambers in that marked B. The bullet extracted from the body of his Royal Highness was also placed in the case. This missile was considerably indented and flattened at the conical end, showing, beyond all doubt, that it struck a very hard substance in the victim's body. On Monday morning the case was presented by Mr. Parkes to his Royal Highness, who, having thanked him for procuring the pistols, examined them with a good deal of interest. The case was then placed on board the Galatea to be taken home as a memento of the event which has had such an important effect upon the proceedings of his Royal Highness. THE PRINCE ALFRED YACHT CLUB. — At the regular monthly meeting of this club, which was held last evening, at M'Grath's Hotel, King-street, the prizes won at the recent club matches were paid to the respective winners then present, and amongst other business transacted, it was decided that the visit to the colony and preservation of the life of H.R.H. Prince Alfred —patron of the club —should be commemorated annually in such a manner as the mem- bers of the club may agree upon. CAPTAIN COOK'S MONUMENT FUND. —The gentlemen who have interested themselves in providing funds for a statue to the memory of the enterprising sailor by whom that which is now known as New Holland was first discovered are endeavouring to raise funds for the object by a series of public entertainments. For this purpose the Pavilion recently erected in Hyde Park has been granted by the Mayor and Aldermen of the city. Last night the entertainment consisted of acrobatic performances by the celebrated Ridgway family and a musical entertainment, both of which gave great satisfaction. THE GRAND TEMPERANCE DEMONSTRATION IN THE PAVILION. —A meeting of the committee appointed to carry out the above was held on Monday afternoon, in the Temperance Hall. The following letter, received from Lieutenant Haig, was read by the secretary :—''Govern- ment House, 3rd April. Sir, —In reply to your letter of the 28th March, I am directed by his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh to acquaint you for the information of the committee of the Temperance Demonstration, that the state of his health will not permit his Royal Highness to be present at the temperance concert, which, under happier circumstances, his Royal Highness would so gladly have attended. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, ARTHUR B. HAIG, Equerry in Waiting. S. Goold, Esq." As his Royal Highness could not attend, it was deemed desirable to abandon the project of holding a demonstration in the Pavilion. It was, however, determined to have a soirée and a public meeting in the Temperance Hall on an early day. A deputation was appointed to wait upon his Excellency the Governor to invite him to preside on the occasion, as he had kindly consented to do so, had the demonstration been held in the Pavilion. THE COLONIAL MONTHLY. —The April number of this periodical sustains its position. "Long Odds" is con- tinued, and then follows a paper on "Religious In- tolerance," which is, in effect, a plea for Ritualists, although the writer claims " to have no sympathy with the Ritualists or their proceedings," who he says ought to be allowed to "govern their conduct according to the dictates of their own consciences." A poem by F. S. W., Sydney, styled "Floating Away," has merit, and is unpretentious. "My Story," enters the third book in the April number, and the reader is taken to the Blue Moun- tain Ranges. A history of Fenianism and its probable consequences is ably dealt with. The best portion of the periodical is, however, a discursive article on "Election and Representation," with reference to colonies, in which Mr. Hare's system is highly eulogised. An amusing sketch will be found in " Peggy's Christening," but the ghost story, contained in the " Stone Safe," is decidedly of the Reynolds' Miscellany style —houses with marble-floored vaults were not in existence on the gold- fields of Victoria seven years ago —and old then. A tribute to the late Mr. Charles Kean is paid in a paper entitled "Exeunt." RIFLE SHOOTING. —The usual monthly shooting for the cup and prizes presented by Corporal Cooper to No. 1 Com- pany took place on Saturday last, on the Volunteer Rifle Range. Private G. Faithfull and J. Armstrong tied for top place with thirty-three points, and in shooting off the prize was won by the latter, private Faithfull obtaining second prize, and privates Maddocks and Howison tieing for third prize. The conditions of this cup require that it must be won three times before it becomes the proporty of any competitor, and although the competition has now ex- tended over several months, no ono has succeeded in doing so. Mr. Cooper is deserving of great praise for his uniform kindness and liberality to the younger members of the com- pany, and it is evident that the stimulus given them by the competition that is now going on for the cup has had a very beneficial effect upon their shooting. ARTILLERY PRIZE CUP. —The competitors for this cup met for the tenth and last time on Saturday last, at Pad- dington Rifle Range, when Sergeant-major Mackay, of the Royal Artillery, succeeded in making the highest score, and having previously headed the scorer's list was, with loud cheers, declared the winner of the cup. It must be gratifying to the men of the Royal Artillery that their Sergeant-major has proved the victor in this long-pro- tracted contest, especially as he has had to contend with so many good shots amongst the Volunteers. The day was anything but favourable for shooting, the wind being high and boisterous from the south ; this will at once account for the indifferent scores, as given below :— Sergt-Major M'Kay, R.A. 59 | Sergeant M'Mahon, R.A. 38 Bombadier Gordon, V.A. 55 | Captain W. Wilson, V.A. 37 ergeant Bennett, V.A. 51 | Qr.-master Sgt. Evans,V.A. 31 Captain Clarke, V.A. 46 | Gunner Bacon, V.A. 30 Bombadier Heaney, R.A. 46 | Sergt.-Major Brackall, V.A. 28 Bombadier Rogers, R.A. 44 | Sergeant Griffiths, R.A. 25 It is intended to present this cup to Sergeant-Major Mackay on the Queen's Birthday, 24th May, and it will be placed in the hands of Captain Purcell, R.A., for that purpose. RECEIVING MONEY, KNOWING IT TO HAVE BEEN STOLEN. —It will be remembered that, about six weeks ago, a Mrs. Ardern and her two daughters —one being of quite tender years —were committed to take their trial for receiv- ing from a girl, named Moore, certain sums of money, knowing that she had stolen them from her father. The Attorney-General has intimated that it is not his intention to put them upon their trial. FATAL ACCIDENT AT THE FOUR-MILE CREEK COAL PITS. —On Monday morning (says the Maitland Mercury), a miner named James M'Brian, working in Mr. John Mitchell's pit, at Bloomfield, met with his death, in the following manner : —He was working in company with another man named William Baker, when a mass of coal, estimated about six cwt., fell from the roof of the pit, and crushed him so completely that when taken up he was quite dead. Baker was thrown forward by the descending mass, and though he had sustained severe injuries in the back, the doctors think he may yet get over it. Dr. Morson, was sent for immediately upon the occurrence of the acci- dent, and attended promptly ; and though his services were of no avail to M'Brian, he did what was possible to alleviate Baker's sufferings, and in structed his friends to send him to the hospital. An inquest was held yesterday by the Coroner, at the Willow Tree Inn, East Maitland, when it appeared from the evidence that the deceased (who was five and twenty years of age), was working with a maul and wedges, taking out the "bottoms," whilst overhanging him was a layer of coal called "the tops" kept up by a band of stones and fire-clay ; and the precaution of securing this upper layer from falling by propping it up had not been taken. The verdict was, " Accidentally killed in a coal pit by the fall of a quantity of coal." According to a witness (a coal miner), it was the duty of deceased and his mates to have propped up the overhanging coal. A NOTABLE CONVERT. —Under this heading a para- graph has appeared in several of the papers, founded upon an announcement in the Guardian, stating that Dr.Hugh M'Neile was present at St. Alban's, Holborn, last Sunday morning, and communicated at the High Celebration. Dr. M'Neile writes to the Record (the Evangelical organ), in which he says that the most charitable supposition is that some contributor to the Guardian was misinformed or mis- taken, and, if so, he hopes that this unfounded falsehood will put the editor of that paper on his guard for the future. He says that he has not been in London since November, and adds, "You will oblige me by adding to this that I am so conscientiously persuaded that what is called the High Celebration at St, Alban's, Holborn, is idolatry, that I could no more consent to share in it than I could to be wilfully guilty of Sabbath-breaking, adultery, or theft." 