[?] ; .The P. and 0. Company's' eteamBhip Gee-; \- long, from Sydney,' ere route for King George's, Sound and Point dp Galle, arrived in Hpbson'sj ? Bay at : three p.mv - on Saturday, and' haying! taken on board*1 a large freight of gold arid' the: mails for transmission to India and Europe, left again at two p.m. on Sunday. Amongst : her passengers home from thiB port is Mr Niel,' of the firm of M'Callum/Neiljmd'Co., and,; notwithstanding the' boisterons 'state of the ' weather, a large number of hisfriends escorted 'him onboard. ' ? :'?'-.?:?? :-\\.'f ._.,! '-'.I- ; ?:???; From a.CaBtleinairie journal we, learn that 'at the meeting' of teachers helclin the I local .! mechanics' institute, oh Saturday, to take inta /consideration the general , regulation of, the Board of, Education,, recently issued, relative' to . examination of /schools , under, standards,. _ there wa? ho difference of opinion 'oh the se-, verity . of the regulation, ' whjch will severely interfere with ; the business arrangements of teachers, , who have' been calculating; ph re-; ceiving their ' resulW,' to meet .the legitimate demands of their families at the end. of each half-year, as they' became due ; but by the operation of(this rule, the amount, due at the end of tlie month will not be paid until some . time next year, arid so on from year to ^ear. A [ memorial to the Board, setting forth some of the hardships to which the teachers, as a class,' , would, be subjected! by the rple, arid praying that the Board yrpuidayert the hardships cori ' sequent on the long interval between the pay? orients, was unanimously adopted. , But of course, the, Board will carry out their own sweet will, even if the teachers were to, suffer much more. : ' ^, :'?'?','' ''','??'', ? ; We , have been requested to announce that , the reception of visitors at Tpprok will be dis-i continued until Tuesday! the 30th inst., when they ', 'will b'e resumed. . ;; ; .-'.. ,. , : In accordance ; with the Civil Service regu-j r latie'ns* £he Minister of : Mines has : given ex-! : pres3 permission, ! in ' writingi to ? W»- 0.' Kernoi ?; to ihold or discharge the office of Jepturer on .'(Surveying at' the Melbourne University. :,. .??? -??: i ' -; A return laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly on the 18th- iristi, relative to the! 1 appointment of Mr Haokett to the judgeship of ? the County Court, Geelong,5 shows that he wiis! \- called ta the Irish bar in ? 1843, and practised both inilreland' and India for ten years,' arriy ; ing in this colony in 1853; ' ' '??'?' ! Official returns 'show that during ; the 'week ending 13th June, there 'were j 151. births and 72 deaths registered, in the i1 nietrbpplitiitt and suburban ;distriotsi' Fifteen but 'of the twenty- foar'idGath's 'registered' in South'' Mel-| '? bourne -occurred in public institutions.— The; number of births recorded in North Melbourne is unusually large (51) from1 the inclusion of the returns ' of 'the * Lyirig-iri-Hd'spital for one; month. The general public health in all the districts iairepartedupott most favorably. 1 i ??'. On the. arrival of the ship vKent in the; Bay! on Saturday, i a -number -ol gentlemen, among whom were the Bay. Mr 'Hetherington, Messrs Lorimer,, Gavin Brpwnv &c;, went Lon board in; order to welcome the ^ Rey. Mp lienzies. ?? ,.- 1 In reference to the statement in a;telegraphici ; message from Adelaide'! to, the , effect that in' ^consequence. ; f.bL the sudden 'death .of .' : Mr ' . Dahlke, the secret.of :-,th:e filter ? introduced by! , him into , these colonies isVilost, , we; have learnt that' Mr R.T.: Adams, of Williamstownj : is, in. possession of; the whole modus operand^ ? ho having purohased .the secret referred to ;. f rom Mr , Dalilke. in .'December- :last: ; .and.thei .Victoria , Filter Works, are mill carried on by! him, on behalf of the company, on the same i principle, and with the same efficiency as here : f.nf f\ra. ?? ?: .-.,.?? ' . , ? .? . ' An accident,1 *' which might have resulted in ? more serious consequences,' occarred at Malms-! bury railway station en Saturday- night; ' On the arrival of the 4,45 train at Halmsbury, the ? engine caught ' the semaphore ? wire, tearing; away both - wire and posts; At the ? same time the wire caught one of the men on the tracks and dragged him off. ' : Fortunately 'he did hot' sustain' any material injury, having! managed to get clear of the traini i j I ? Melton ' is the theatre, of a;, little scandal which promises to culminate'iri' the law courts.! It is said that a contractor for, tho1 mason' work' of a local' school,' finding the secretary and; cierk of worksto the school riot Bnffioiently ex peditious in passing the works for ^ayinerit.i has retaliated' by' circulating, reports dainagirig: to the repute of the said Official. According to! the, West Bourhe Guardian, a double trial is pretty iure: to be: the result :— First,' thecbri 'traotor is to sue the;olerk' bf works-'for certain! 'lbsseB which he!says: he has sustained; ithei BeconB is - bylOthe volark of ' works before' a '- 6hmch,cbniti(toiwhiba they are both amenable) ;*or uttering false'1 and ; malicioufl statements , . nrjorious to hia character; ' l ' ' i - , It has latterly becpine quite common for our bounceable contemporary in CoUins- street to be snubbed by Bpme of its own satellites. For example, even Vtho 'M, 4. Mail summons rippluok enough 'to' lecture in this style V-r-1 'Has all management and tabt and sagacity j disappeared frotii the councils of the Argus ? I Where on earth! is the polioy of Jpubliohing ! (Buoh articles as that on Mr O'Shonassy in its yestei;day's issue ; articles which con , do no i IppsBible good to tho causo j { whiohT; place ithe Argus itself ?' in' hostile' relations to' the leaders, and,, are , really little j ,mbre ; than j Belf-^ecliuratipis. of its want of political, influ ence upon them, to Bay nothpg of tthetpri donoy to foster diflsbnsion at';'a,moirierit when unanimity is eBsentidl.' What' , ynjl 'he retort upon such ^sentences as the following '?':'—* '.It is surely no .miadem'eanor ;t6 seek! t» penetrate themyBteriesbf'that august arcana .| What; isjan arcana? apd what figure did it, present to thQ,mirid of the'iwrit'er .wherihe.^yrbte it j And does he call th'e'Courioii ariJai:cana on the ^ame prinoiplef -tji^t' O'Corinell oalled b fish wpman, tax , hyitothenuse ,?' Not bad for the waft.', ,?,'.;;?./,',;.?-;:.; ?'...,. ;,;;' :.??,?. ;'::: fc-( The (fouriens.irifprmecl that Mr Fellows, 19th inst., gaye, an opinion to the Buninyong Shire Council to ,-tho; effect; that the: Recent lotter.of Mr- O'Grady, alterjuiig the boundaries ;pf tho Shire and ^Bnngareq Rpad Distriqli, was illegal, tho Commissioner, of Public Works haying, rq authority under the: Looal Gpyorrimont Aot,tp make such alteration. According to tho 2?aZZ« ratPodt, ?? the political gossip-mongers arqoir culating rumors to tho effect that Mr O'Gradyi Minister of Pablio Works, has a shrewd pyotp dn early vacancy for Ballarat East ; arid they' aver that his recent pioco of astute manipula tion of the Buninyong Shire boundaries was specially affooted with a view to winning the sweot voices of tho highly civilised denizons of Buugnrco. Tho potition of Mr 0. E. Jones ! against the return, of Mr Humffirayi further affirm, the gossip-mongers, ; is already vir-i i tually, successful. , Judgment goes .against' the sitting member: ,by , default., The defendant in the case, does ; not defend either! his seat or himself. In faot,, he never put in1 an appearance at all. Ballarat East,may,there-; .lore, look to have another 'election at another! day,; whether the lorig-threateried dissolution ,, comes' or not, and Mr O'Grady is pretty certain to be a candidate.' As a, pendant ;, to. this, we may add that Mr Rodier publishes a letter in1 the Star, insisting that Mr . O'Grady 'gaye his decision^in this case without any party bias' .whatever,' whereupon Mi William Clarke, .in, a; letter to the Post, takes Mr Rodier, severely to task for meddling in a matter of which he : practically knows so little., , ,: ( -., .;, j ; . Apropos of ^^the Melbourne project for pre paring beef and mutton for the home and foreign markets, the; Bendigo Advertiser 'Bays that- private enterprise has been . at work up' the country with a similar object in view.' ?;,.??; Mr. Wm, Anderson* ???of Lake Boga,. having made an-angements with squatters there for a supply of sheep, has begun to; : make mutton hams., : ,. His establishment is pretty .extensive for. a private effort,, some twenty-five men being employed ifl the various . processes of , curing the. meat and making the hams. Mr Anderson has at present some thirty tons of hams ready for the market, and he is prepared to supply the Sandhurst market with them at; fourpence per pound. It is his intention to1 try ,the markets of 'the neighboring: colonies, and also the London market. Should this speculation prove .successful, Mr; Anderson purposes extending operations in other direc tions, fiBh curing being one of thejn. - The supply of fish will be procured from; Lake Boga, which is connected iwith the Murray and swarms with oodfiBh.' ., v . ',?:.; .? .,??.. . : In reference to the last report' respecting the city missionaries, wherein it is stated that they hadnot redeived iany; remuneratioh for their services for the last two months, a correspon dent suggests that the fifteen churches should adhere totheir-promisesi and that they shotdd havethe collections/ 'We have been assured that to the; valuable services rendered by these missionaries many can testify,' arid that their ?knowledge of , ' : and sympathy with, the poor .and afflicted is well known in the Collingwopd .district. ????? , ??'?????:.'?' ?' . --'?? ? -?'' [ '? ? ? .'' ..:: | We have received the Government astrbrib mer's report of meteorological bbseryations! made during the weekending 20th June. The weather .was, fine and cold on the l&th;, 15th,1 and 16th inst^ , but dull ' aiid boisterous during! 1 the iremamder of the week.- : There was a! dense fog on the _ morning .of . the_ 15th,1 sliarp frost and ice on the night of the . 16th,| and1- ; heavy ? showers J throughout ?' toe' J 20th.| Northorly winds : prevailed ; from Wednesday to Fiiday, changing : on Saturday fto! N; arid' N.W.' The rainfall up to nine o'clock p.m. onj : Saturday waabnerfifth.of an inchJi.!. .v..i -; i-^ The inquiry into the alleged Tthiscbridupt of ;a; r Sandhurst policeman, 'in 'making imprope'r! overtures to a young female on her way home ; ifrprii her employers, has resulted1 'in,' an' ao-j qnittal. ? No doubt has been1 thrown upon thei ' girl's stbry, but the identification of bier assail iant'didnot satisfy the pe'nch'J When the'eon stables were first paraded for her inspection, she1 pointed out one oonstable Dunne, whom: she was '♦ ahnost sure' was the man ; on the' Second - parade, she pointed out constable' M'Manus, and positively charged him with the assaulti M'Manus obtained a good pharacteri ffomhis superior officers ;: and thisi as w.elli as the hesitation of the : girl as to Dunne, ' seems to have induoed the bench to acquit the prisoner ' without ft stain upon his reputatiori.'' That the assault was committed, however; was1 not disputed. Ceunsel for the defence implied that the culprit might be one of the railway; omciais. ' ? '??? ?-???' . ? Says the Bendigo Evening News ;?— ?' ' We understand apph'cations are being made to in dividual inembers' of the protectionist party to; join the Censtitutional Association, on the! strength of falsely asserting that one of the leaders had joined. We beg to put the people : on their guard against these attempts of the; advocates of law and order.' A correspondent oalls our attention to what ! he considers an abuse or a delusion, in connec tion with the 'popular readings,' now so , common in the suburbs. He states .that seve ral of the favorites at these gatherings are be- ' ginning to exact more than mere thanks for ; their services. One amateur comic singer , we ! ;are surprised to learn, took until lately! 7s . : 6d per _ song for his efforts in aid ? : of ? the charities for which tho entertainments' were given, 'and has now raised his! charge , to half a guinea. Those much ad-' mired amateur 'performers who have so quietly! and coolly converted themselves into 'profes-; :sionals,' and: established a regular tariff for' their ' gratuitous' services, ought certainly to be publicly announced as subh. , The threatened spoliation- of the shire of Buninyong by Mr O'Grady, to the aggrandise ment of Bungaree, will not be carried out. The incapable^ Ministry appear to-be incapable even of mischief . -: :? . . ; ; . ?? 1 The Registrar of the; University of Mel ?bourne favors us with the foil© wing informa tion respecting the Vice-Chanpellpr's new prize : —The Vico^Chancel^or (A. C.' Brpwnless, Esq., M.D.) offers a prize of twenty guineas for the best English poem',' ' open to all matriculated stu,dents of tho University, not of standing, for the degree pf master of arts; ! Subject;: 'JPririce Alfred's 'visit ^to Australia.' ' The composition to 'be in the Spenserian stanza or in rhymed heroic yorsej and not to be less1 than' 200 lines or more than 400. L '^;'' '; ,; ' ( The traffic returns on the Victorian 'Gbverh ment Railways, for the week ending 18th June, show' receipts £9045 Is lQd as against £8514 12s 7d, reoeived during the. cbrre sponding week last! year. Thp' aggrogatore peipts, for the year up to date amount to £258,828 9s ; whflo during the corresponding year of .1867,-. tho rodeipts were only £247,028 15s Id, .Thus tho traffic still' exhibits' a der pfdpd improvement. '?''.,': :- 'Aqobrding to the P.astoral Times, uJ80fiue fat ;s]aeep, belonging to the hpn. P. A. Jon nings, ,,of Deniliqnin, were gmotherod' at the Melbourne terminus ' when ; landed there from the_ railway trucks this wook.: As the re mainder sold at 9s each, Mr Jennings thus lost £81^1683 commission).,,' Surely thoro was great neglect on tho part of tho railway offioials.' ,. .T,he barque Mpander^whjoh was telegraphed on tho 17th inst. from Cape Otwoy as having sprung a leak, arrived in tho Bay on Monday for repairs, &o.; She loft Wallaroo, in ballast, on the 13th inBt., for Nowoastlo, and had got as far on her voyage as Cape Ofcway, when she sprang a Jcnk during a strong N.E, brooze ; ; the pumps shortly afterwards became choked, and at one time there was fully five feet of; water in her hold. ?; The captain then deemed it prudent to, put in here for an overhaul. She entered the Heads at noon on the 19 th, but has .sincebeen detained in the South Channel by fresh adverse winds.; -';..' A large steamer, supposed to be a steam ram,! was sighted by the barque Sarah Ann on the' 19th inst., twelve miles north of King's Island. She was; when first seen, steering to the S.E.,; but her course was afterwards altered to N.N.E. .This would in all probability be the Blanche, last heard of as being at King George's Sound,, en route for Sydney. . .--. . Saysr the Pastoral Times ':— ' Victorian deadlook still continues. We saw a letter this, week from pne of the Melbourne offioials to a! party ;in this town, offering twenty per cent'.! in terest on i a loan. We are suffering from this ruinous deadlook, as, commercially, we are' ?Victorians— so the applicant is fishine in shal low water.' :: I \- : ;-**-!jBc Jacob Abraham's ; insolvency' elicits this/ timely caution from a Deniliquin con temporary :— ' We hear that a party in Mel bourne offered the creditors ten shillings in the pound for this estate, and it has not been accepted. So long' as Abraham stuck to hawk ing, and only kept a small store, he was getting on very well; but immediately he launched out and ordered thousands pf pounds worth of goods from Melbourne trouble befell the house of Jacob, and he becariie non est. A disinte rested (?) individual in the meantime toek possession of the absent Jacob's ' store, and placed over the door therepf the name of him who so kindly took possession of the ,Mel bourrie goods, forgetting there was anything to pay' for' them. In no part bf, Australia are there' gfeatter lots of Jeremy Diddlers thanin SouttRiyerina. Hunted out of the more set-; tied districts, where short reckonings are the ®rder of the day, the Diddler tribe flock' hither to carry oh their rosy little games. , We warn Melbourne houses against beirig too confiding in regard to giving credit to the Diddlefs! trading on false pretences in this part.of the! country ; we dp so because the really honest ! tradesmen here;, of :whom.'w6'.have a goodly number, cannot compete wiih' those who never pay their debts.' ;; ;; Some curious metropolitan scandals are raked together by the Sydney correspondent of 'the Yass: Qourier,. now and then. For ex ample, this is the latest: — 'There is a case .jWhich is exciting considerable .interest just ;nb\v in the region of scandal here. It;hqs been .kept ^in bidden darknes3 as completely as it; could be,' although Blight glimmers Jpf light ,haye been, thrown upon it, sufficient to make! it a tppip'fpr aselect few of the curious. The ! .'friends, of a ^gentleman of lortune,:and greatly esteemed, were lately concerned at his, sudden absence from a daily routine! that for years ,he chasvbeeri, with great regularity, acisustomed, to; follow. , Upon inquiry it was ascertained that \ he waa confined to his house and. to his bed ..rath a serious; illness that had, suddenly .laid': ...iiiiin prostrate. Of.-, course sympathy ' ^7as , rthe ; only f eeUng , evoked, , , , and many 'we'rethe inquiries as to his state of health, to , which the invariable reply was, that he was pro .gressing favorably, but- could not be seen by , ? anyone^' Gradually the feeling of sympathy merged into one of astonishment, when it became; known that during his illness the gentleman's wife, to, whom, he was tenderly jattaohed, had ; never been seen near him, and that the children had been sent out of the house to a relative at a distance in the coun ,try. Rumor, with her hundred tongues, ,told a tale ahnost pf romantic interest. But it is only fair to say that the tale is repudiated by : the gentleman's friends whenever the slightest ?allusion to it is, made. That a gentleman, the :bosom friend of ; the subject of my paragraph, whose intimacy at his house has often beea: observed, though with no ap proach to blame, should, as well as . the lady, be absent at a time of sickness, doubtless has given rise to the remarks that have been made. But if the suspicions this circumstance has given birth to should turn out to be correct, it will cause a profound sen sation in the circle of polite society, of which the parties were at one period the i centre. Another matter has been the subject of conver sation for some time past. The son of one of our merchant princes is reported to have sold, ;b'y bjll of sale, his furniture and other property successively to three persons, requesting each, ; as a particular favor, not to register the bill. He got so involved that at last he had to take leg-bail for it, when it was discovered that his liabilities, contracted within eighteen months, amounted to the respectable sum of £5000. Of course bis assets are mythical,' -?? Intimation has been given the Star that the late inanager of thte Ballarat and Clunes Com pany, Mr W. L. Tyndall, who recently ab sconded, has safely readied Shanghai, letters having recently been received from him dated at that port. The company has obtainedfrom the Guarantee Sooiety the amount ©f the absebnder's defalcations. . . We have redeived a copy of the statistics of the dioceso of Melbourne for the year 1867. The total receipts of the general fund of the diocese amounted to' £2862 7s Id, and the disbursements were £384 15s 7d in exceBB of this amount. The income de rivable from ohurch property is £2787 17a 7d per annum. The number of places in whioh Divine servioo had been hold during the yoor was 356. ' ?,. The Governmeht steamer Pharos left tho Bay on Tuesday for the West Channel, to seek for and piok up a portion of the wreck of the Sea Bird, which has boon of lato floating about and impeding tho navigation. , On. .Saturday evening a meeting,' convened arid presided over by the; Mayor, was held at the Quarry Hotol,Brun8.wiok, with reforonce to dangerous . riflp shooting ; from tho Carlton butts. - A number of bullets found; in tho streets. of Brunswick were exhibited, and this piroumstance creatod; quite a sensation. A memprialto ;0io hon. the Treasurer was un animously adopted and largely signed, in whiqhitwas stated that so far, no person had been , struck,,; but that many very narrow escapes had ooourred, and that occasionally in the volley firing ' soason '] the mon in eomo of the quarries had to retiro from their work for safoty, so: thick did the bullets fall. A do putation was appointed to proseat .the me morial. : ; The Neto Zealand Advertiser thus dosoriboa tho arrangements of the Telegraphic depart mont in the colony:—' We are glad to notice that a Bystem recently established by the Go vernment in connection with tho Telegraph department, whoreby, in effect, nearly 200 tolegraph stations tiro acWefl to tho list of those already known as such, may be said to be a most decided success. For those of our readers who are ;not acquainted with this extension of telegraphic, facili ties, we will briefly narrate: its prominent features as follows:— In those country dis tricts where the electric wire has not as yet been carried, or where it has been considered unnecessary to establish stations, the post-1 masters have been supplied with telegram' forms, on which a persen wishing to forward' a telegram writes bis message. He , then en closes it in an envelope, and addresses; it to; the nearest telegraph station. The post master has then to see to its transmission as a letter to that Btation. , On its arrival' there,! the officer in charge pf the station opens it,; and transmits it by wire in the ordinary way! to its address. The number of post, offices thus: supplied is, we believe, about :200,.distributedi : over the Provinces of Hawke's - Bay, Welling- j ton, Nelson; Marlborough, Canterbury,; Otagoi and Southland. It can be readily . seen . thei great advantage to the public this system, must be, bringing, as it does, thousands within reach of the telegraph where, otherwise, they would be compelled to depend upon the not always top rapid postal carriers in up-country dis-: tricts. A man now resident in Wanganui,1 wanting to communicate with Dunedin,.can post his telegram to Wellington, from whence ; it can be forwarded by wire to Dunedin, reach ing there within a few hours of its leaving Wanganui; while without this system he would; have had to depend on the post office* and to wait, a fortnight.' ' . ; The Tarrengower Times, although poli- ? tically opposed to Mr Williams, member 'for Maldon, finds it necessary to defend him from: the silly sneers of the weekly ' organ of the, faction :— r' In the Australasian of last, week, Mr Williams, M.P., !is stigma tised as a ' shire agent,' because he kmdly in: an emergency executed a slight com mission, for the shire secretary. ; We need' scarcelysay that Mr WilliamB deserves ho such insinuation. In public shire matters he i has been indefatigable and able, and deserves the thanks of the community, which we hereby tender him.. He, it is well known, is quite; incapable of degenerating into on agent in the .ordinary acceptation of the term.' ?, . ; , . . An Ovens journal reminds its readers of thei fact that a man named James Kelly had had! sentence of death recorded against hiin at the! last Beeohworth Circuit Court, for deliberately1 setting fire to a house at Greta in the night, ia which were three women and :' thirteen i children, The crime was avowedly committed! from a feeling of revenge, and, 'as bur cPntem-i porary remarks, 'the whole of:the inmates; might in all probability have met with a j ?shocking death, but that ' the » women, \ suspecting him, providentially reinained awake, and. were enabled to save1 them-! selves ? and the children.' Yet Kelly's! sentence has been commuted to ten years' hard - labor on the roads. This is '?? not all, however, j -By affecting reformation this scoundrel may be relieved of the best portion of the' penalty - and set at large to complete the atrocities he I had only attempted. : . ? ? From a return of all lands sold and leased1 from' July 1st to December 31stj 1867, it ap- ! pears that there were Bold by auotion 2000 lots ? containing 55,281 aores, realising £103,115 ' 10s 4d, or an average of £1 17s 4d per acre. The total quantity of land sold and leased was '? 2923 lots, containing 181,947 acres, and rea lising £279,274 15s. ; ; The Daily News mentions a rumor to the ' effect that 'certain ? Constitutionalists' in ; Castlemaine have decided to make application to the Board of Education, to remove Mr ?Hayden, of Horcourt, from his position as teacher, he having made a speech recently at the- Theatre Royal, on the ' Deadlock,' with which they are very much displeased.' We cannot believe that the spirit of intolerance is so rife, even among such a section of the com- i munity ; but at all events, if so, the demon ia now to be effectually extinguished. j A writ was served on Dr. D. B.Reid, of Geelong, on Saturday, at the instance of Mr Barhett, whose wife was examined as a witness at the proceedings held at the local hospital a few weeks since. The plaintiff' claims £500 damages for injuries sustained by his wife having lost the use of her arm through alleged negligence and maltreatment on the part of the defendant. A communication from Major Pasley, the colonial agent in England, addressed to the late Treasurer, was laid before Parliament, Wed nesday, intimating that the Royal Society had desired him to convey to the Government of Victoria the strong sense entertained of the admirable character of the great equatorial telescope constructed in England for use in this colony,' and of the very valuable and im portant contributions to astronomical science which might be expected from the employment of such a valuable instrument. From a return laid on the table of Parlia ment on Wednesday, it appears that the sum of £5000 paid to the Government by the Mel bourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company in acoordance with the terms of their act, for ob- ' jects connected with the giving access across their line to the Emerald-hill Borough Council, has not been invested. The money was paid in 1865 and placed to the credit of the public account. The Minister of Justice, Mr Fellows, was asked if the sum should be invested, and gave an opinion in the affirmative, but he sug gested that the Treasurer should consult bis colleagues, as there might be a question as to the custody of the debentures. It has been pointed out to us that a complete edition of the Mining By-laws for the various districts throughout the colony would be a great desideratum to miners, the legal profes sion and. the public Tho matter was men tioned a few days ago in court by tho Chief Justice, who said tho bench were often put to considerable trouble in searching files i! of the Government Gazette for these looal by-laws, upon whioh issues were constantly raised. We believe that a handyr book of tho by- laws is published in nearly every district, and it ought to.be worth some one's while to collect theso books for publication in aBingle volume. The Government steamer Phoroa roturned to tho Bayou Wednesday. It appears that the Sea Bird's mast t had carried away, so a buoy was left over' the vessel to indicate ita position. ' As a local contemporary observes, the caso of Mr Dickson, a storekeeper of Moonairibol and Presidents tho Shire Counoil of Avoca, should servo as a warning to those who, regardless of the publio safety, keep a quantity of gun powder on their promises in excess of that allowed by tho Btatnto. A lengthened hearing at the Moonambel Police Court was terminated by tUo deleudaat admitting the fact of hia re* taining some kegs of blasting powder in hia possession, and which had been left in his pare on the, stoppage of two mining companies. He had done so he said in ignorance of the law. The'bench had no. alternative but to inflict the full penalty, naria'ely, of 5s' for each pound seized, and which amounted to the large sum of £356 10s. ' The Wahgunyah correspondent of the Ovens Advertiser^ describes the capture of an accom plished swindler, but omits the fellow's name : — 'A forger who has left his mark in many -places in Victoria and New South Wales, re cently passed through this township, but, un fortunately for the ends of justice, by some neglect the police here received no intimation of his delinquencies until he was many miles beyond their reach. The New South Wales' .police, on receiving the Tequired information, . behaved with more' jthan. their usual energy.. Sergeant Fullerfcon and constable Barry, of the Corowa police, started off, and never drew rein until they tracked the scoundrel into Wagga Wagga, where he was arrested. / The criminal is one of no ordinary stamp, for having com menced his career at Belfast, in Victoria, he actually passed leisurely through both colonies,, passing his cheques and stealing horses with impunity during a period of time which re flects anything but credit on the boasted acti vity of the Victorian police. This is another instance of how easily people can be imposed on by this system of paper money. Now that the. New South Wales police have him, they will no doubt stick to him.' According to an Ararat contemporary, ' Judging by the preparations which are being made in all directions for the boiling down of Bheep after the next shearing, there is every prospect of the market price &i; good though not prime qualities being less than it has yet ? been. It is not at all improbable that an eat able quality of . sheep may be purohased at Is 6d to 2s per head, while inferior qualities will . be quite unmarketable.' . ? ?? As considerable curiosity has arisen as to the distance the sound of the Dean Lovatt Memorial Bell cari be heard on a calm day, at St. Augustine's, Yass, the Cduridr' states that ' on Sunday last it 'was heard as far off as nine miles and a half, the sound as loud \ as that of a bullock bell.'; : ;r . Mary Ryan, a child eleven years old,; wtte committed for trial at the Yass Petty Sessioiis last, week, on a charge of cattle stealing ! From the local journal it might be inferred that the child consented to suffer in order to shield her father, the real delinquent.-' '-':- ;V:: Daringthe hearing of the case Goodrope y, LongTongiin the Warden's Court, Daylesforfl, .the other day, a defect in the. by-laws' was re- vealed, which, as- the Mercury 'observes, :tlie Mining Board would do well to remedy. ' So far back as February last, defendant took up'a sluicing olafen at Deep Creek, and went to ' the expense of 'getting the ground, surveyed,', re gistered, &o.; As,' however, there was rib water in the creek, he could not work till rdinfell;, about a fortnight ago. Upon his then cbKii imencing _ -work, the complainant, ; Goedrbpe, stepped in and demanded possession of the claim, on thfc ground of a prior title; in Decem ber, but since which time he had done nothing on the spot. On reference to by-law 16, the! warden found that a sluicing claim is protected while the owner is waiting for water, and ac cordingly decided in Goodrope's favor, with costs. Had the by-laws compelled him to' put up a notice on the ground that the claim was protected, defendant would have been saved considerable expense, as well as loss bf time.'' The coroner's inqaest on the body of Mavticj Rsoney, at Bullock Creek, having resulted m a verdict of wilful murder against John Hoganv that individual has of course been committed for trial. The evidence elicited on Monday corroborated what had previously been fur nished, but added no new fact of any import ance. . In the case of James Taylor, charged with adininistering deleterious drugs to his children, and remanded to the next Ballarat Circuit Court, the Courier regrets to hear that 'un- less some additional evidence is forthcoming the authorities will be disinclined to proceed with the charge, for though there can bc'.littlb doubt of the guilt of the accused, the testimony of the various witnesses is at present insuf ficient to ensure a conviction.' The Tarnagulla Leader calls ' attention to an ingenious attempt to make the 22nd claus'o of the Amending Land. Act subservient to selfish schemes of individual aggrandisement. ?' A person named Eynon, lately returned from Tarrengower, has made application under tho above clause for ten acres of land situate at New Chum. A more barefaced attempt to obtain valuable land for a nominal price has seldom, if ever, been made in the colony. Thei land is contiguous, not only to the township oS Llanelly, but also to some of the richest mines in the locality. One corner is abutting thb ground held by the Prince of Wales Company, and it lies in a line between the celebrated Cambrian reef and the Sandstone. It is there fore probable that some of the richest mineral deposits yet discovered are embedded beneath thiB ten acres, which our'unsophisticatedlriend from Maldon is so desirous to improve ; and. it is beyond all doubt that the greater por tion of the land will be required for roads an-3 building purposes.' A Ballarat correspondent furnishes the fol lowing account of an interesting foundation, service : — ' The ceremony of laying tho foun dation stone of a new Primitive Mothodist church took place on Tuesday, at Sebastopol. At half-past four o'clock, the Rev. S. Brace well was introduced by Mr J. Tickers, who gave a short account of the rise and progress of the Primitive Methodist Church at Sebasto pol, arid requested Mr Bracewoll to lay the= stone. The stone was then lowered to its place, and the mallet and plumb having been applied, the reverend mason declared the stone to bo well and truly laid, in tho namo of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. A largo sum of mpney was placod on the stono by tho specta tors. -About 300 sat down to tea, after which a large public moeting was held in the Congre gational church, addressed by tho Rov. Messrs Wilson, Tranter, Davies, Hunt and Bracewell; Over £100 was obtained towards tho building fund during the day. Tho site is a good one, and freehold. Tho building will be 45 feet by 80 inside, and will cost £S00.' During a dispute between two brokers at tliq Ballarat Corner on Tuesday afternoon, re specting tho delivery of sonio shares, ono called the other a liar, and received in return a blow which made him ineasr.ro his length on tho pavement. Preferring to use hard names as his weapon of attack, ho repeated tho word as ho was in the act of rising, but noticing that hia opponent was prepared, to bit him again and make him once more fall on the flags, he adopted a dodge known in the ring as '| going down to avoid punishment,' and of his own free will deposited himself on the footpath. Some bystanders interfered, and the matter was ended by the knight of the fist waj&ing; away, and the knight ef the ' lie direct' p«Jk .;' ing himself np. ' ' The attempt of the ' Constitutional' organs to fasten npoa Mr Hoffman's supporters the odium of the ' D. H.' memorandum was scarcely less disgraceful than that docu ment itself, because it was abundantly evident that the Liberal eleotors of Emerald-hill had no ? connection whatever with the business. Will the same virtuous indignation be expended upon the tactios indicated by the follow ing letter, the original of which has' been forwarded to us for- publication : — ' To! the Chairman of the Cab Committee, Mr' Whiteman's election. Dear Sir,~In engaging! ? the cabs, will you kindly consider the claim of ; John O'Regan for employment ? There are 5; votes in the family. Yours, &o;,., John White-, . man,' We were not aware that Mr Wbiteinani had a namesake who would take so deep an in-| terest in election matters on the Hill. Of course; we could not for a moment imagine that the writer' was the honorable member himself. As for the O'Regan referred to, with the ' five votes in his family,' we are quite confident that, upon ascertaining the nature of the transaction hinted at, his Milesian gorge rose at once, and be indignantly rejected so discreditable a compact. We are glad to observe that the committee: of management of the Melbourne Hospital are ; taking active measures to avoid the contingency; of closing the doors of the institution. In conjunction with the appeal to be made to the inhabitants of the city and suburbs, it was re Bolved, at a special meeting held on Thursday afternoon, to raise £5000 by loans in sums of £100 and upwards, without interest, to be re paid out of the first available funds. The fol lowing gentlemen undertook to lend the under noted sums, as soon as promises for the above amount were received : — Dr. Gillbee, £100 ; Mr Henry Levy, £100; Mr F. W. Heinecke,: £100; Mr Edward Cohen, £100; Mr David Lyons, £100; Mr George Harker, £100 ;: Mr J. Solomon; of J. Solomon and Co., £100 ; and a Resident, £500 for six months. Gentlemen willing to assist the committee are invited to; intimate the same to Mr Edward Cohen, the; treasurer ; or to the secretary, at the Hospital. A Ballarat contemporary understands 'upon ? unquestionable authority,' that in the event \- of a vacancy in the representation of 'Ballarat! East by the unseating of Mr Humffray, Mr H. B. Chalmers will come forward to contest the election with Mr O'Grady, if nothing interferes^ , to prevent that seatless Minister endeavoring: again to secure a seat. A highly creditable scene in a court of justice ' is described by the Ballarat. Post .?— ' Our irascible friend, Mr Townsend M'Dermott,; made another exhibition of, the feeling of; animosity he bears towards the stronger party; in the State in , the General Sessions court, to-day. In defending the prisoner Worth, Mr I M'Dermott introduced political: matters,! and indulged in his usual frothy 'wind- and fury' style of address, to the intense, amusement of every one. The torrent of: nonsense, that the learned gentleman poured: !out went unchecked until its close, when Mr : . Nolan desired to reply. Mr M'Dermott ob jected that this could not be claimed as a right ; but his Honor said that as a fresh issue had; been put to the jury, and supported by docu mentary evidence, Mr Nolan was perf eotly en- ; titled to reply. On hearing this decision Mr ! M'Dermott became greatly exasperated , threw I down his brief, dropped his gown and made a i summary exit. The prisoner Worth was; 'acquitted on the second charge preferred; against him, but sentenced to three years in j gaol on the former indictment. It appears that Mr Clarson, of Clarson, Shollard and Co., was shot in the. eye during his recent excursion to Barwon Park. The : .party had good sport until the accident occur- ; red, having shot some eighty couple of rabbits.; Fortunately the accident is not iikely .to be' serious. j Some local gossips having got up a contro-j versy as to the origin of the name of the town- ? ship of Yea, ' Antiquarian' sets the question ; . at rest in a letter to the Alexandra Times : — \ 'You appear to. be ill at ease about the origin; ef the name of our little township. For the : sake of future antiquarians, you may make it \ known in your next issue that Captain Clarke, i our former Surveyor-General, named the township after his- friend Colonel Yea, who! fell at Sebastopol, I think at the storming of the celebrated Redan. The name is pronounced Yaw. The origin of the TJ 'Tj Creek, I may also mention, is from ' Ultima Thule,' given to it years ago by Mr Ker, of Killingworth, who then could not have dreamt ef a Wood's Point beyond it. A Mr John George Goodman, residing in Arthur- street, South Yarra, spent the evening of Wednesday last at a friend's place at Toorak, and left at a late hour for home, apparently in his usual good health. So far as has been as certained up to the present/he was not again ; seen alivo, but the next morning was found lying dead in the channel of Gardiner's Creek road. There was a great gash in the right side of the head, as if ho had fallen against the kerbstone. The deceased was formerly a clerk in the office of the Curator of Intestate Estates. In the Bendigo Neivs of Thursday we find the following statement, which we hope is too bad to be true : — ' This morning the whole town rang with most unpleasant rumors of what took place last night at a meeting of the directors of the Energetic Company, at Mr Craig's office, View Point. The most reliable was one to the effect that a certain barrister of this town advocated the dismissal of every man on the company's works who did not forthwith enrol himself a member of the. Constitutional Association. One of the directors, a well known quartz-miner and protectionist, resisted the tyrannical and ungentlemanly suggestion, end was threatened with strenuous opposition if he ever stood election for the directorship of any company in which his learned but not very wise opponent had a vote.' A correspondent, writing from a station situated near Deniliquin to a gentleman in Ararat, relates the following anecdote of a mysterious ' tramp' :— ' I see that some of your newspapers are taking up the subject of * tramps.' I don't think it much use, except a very radical change bo effected, for ' tramps'— I mean men who have spent four or five years at it — will be trampg, no matter what induce ments are offered them to become industrious, and they will be housed and fed and sup* ported in their idleness so long as there is grass to burn, the consuming of which inflicts loss upon the squatter. This is the plain truth, and the secret of the good times which - tramps' enjoy. Talking of queer characters, one of the strangest I ever7 saw visited ua the day before yesterday. He was evidently a gentleman, although his clothes were almost in tatters. 'He was considerably . above the middle height, had venerable grey, hair and beard, which with a clear quick eye made him really imposing looking. I wil-: lingly gave him shelter, and sent him to the( Mtohen, where I joined him after supper. He, was very reticent about his past history, and of; course I did not press him much ; but as I came! in he was reading by the fire-light, and onj ?looking over his shoulder I saw he was intehtj upon— what do you think ?— a volume of Livy,; ?or my eyes deceived me. He put the book; away rather quickly. In the course of coriver-' . sation he asked me if I knew of any parents; in the neighborhood who were anxious to have,' their children taught French. I aBked him toi stay next day, and he consented with an akj that really made me feel he was conferring a; -favor upon me. You know I am fond of the' foils, and it eked out that he could play withi them also. We had a set- to, but I had not the, remotest chance with him; indeed he soon showed me that I knew very little about them, lam quite sure from bis style of fencing that he is a Frenchman j and I think he has been1 in the French army, although he speaks English with but little accent. I then asked him to stay a week, whioh ho refused, he being, very distant. I gave him' a short note to a neighbor of mine who has a couple of daugh-; ters and a couple of sons. I cannot help think-, ing that my late grey-haired visitor is a French nobleman; How. proud F ? would be, and: the sons and daughters, if they could say they' had such a tutor. The man might make his, own. terms.!' - , ??. ; Wo have been officially informed that; a pamphlet containing the Acts, Orders in Council, and the by- laws and notices relating; to the gold-fields, is now in course of prepara-; tion, and will shortly be published by the -Mining department. The Minister of Mines, has directed that it be prepared with a,s little; delay as possible. ' ' . ' ; ' The Daily News' makes a good point touching the attempt to create political capital; out of the petition dodge :-±' Referring to thej Maryborough and Castlemaine petitions, the Argus says :— ? They come from constituencies! whioh returned five members who sit in Opposition.' We supplement this by stating that the Castlemaine 'Constitutional' petition: is said to have been signed by 1300 persons.' At the general election Castlemaine returned! three Liberal members, 4526 votes being polled for them. Messrs Patterson and Harrison, their opponents, polled together only 1985 \ .votes ; so that there is nothing to boast about' in the Constitutionalists' petition having 1300; signatures, even if the names were. all genuine.] We have reason to believe,; hpwever, that quite .650 of the signatures to the petition- referred to are dummy names. Itis so very easy to.get! up petitions of this character. Where were the j thirteen hundred the night of the mass meeting at the Theatre Royal? . Or /why, if there are: thirteen hundred 'Constitutionalists' in Castle- j maine, do they not convene a public meeting to I give effect to their views?' - -V A decision of some interest; to the inhabi- j tantsof Ballarat was given by the judges in ? banco on Thursday. The council of the. Western Municipality have lately been .at considerable expense to improve the approaches to the abat- i toirs in their borough, and towards the close of last year they obtained from the' Commis- J sioner of Lands and. Survey, at a deputation, [ leave to form an important roadway .in the vi- ' cinifcy of the Hand and . Band Company's ! olaim, and across a Government reserve. In; May last they applied to have:; the j road gazetted, but were informed that the request could not be complied with, as the road \ lay within the parallels of the Hand and Band Company. Emboldened by this, an individual i named M'Mahon (formerly rate collector of Ballarat East), occupying a part of the reserve, - chose to build a wooden house encroaching j upon the road. The council, through Mr; M'Cullagh, one of their officers, proceeded i before Mr CliBsold, P.M., against M'Mahon for j the purpose of ejectirig'him from the place, with i a view of removing it. Mr Clissold decided '? that the council were in the. wrong, as the road, although made under a by-law; giving j the power of making roads where necessary, ! had nefer been gazetted, and.1 the council's; order could'not override the reservation' to the ; mining company. The complaint was dis- i missed with £5 5a costs. Their Honors, how- j ever, on Thursday allowed an appeal against the decision, and ruled that the council had not exceeded its powers. The case was ordered to be remitted to Mr Clissold, with this expres- ; sion of the opinion of the court. Costs were; also given to the appellant. .' \ The chief officer of the barque Sterling, ; from Boston, Gillman D. Merritt, died from , disease of the heart during the voyage to Mel- ?, bourne. He was a native of Haujpduu, Maine, j Mass.,'tr.s-. ? - ;:- ' ? ? ; ????.: ;? .,-? ; //; :. ; The estate of Adelaide Vale, the property of ! Mr John Harney, was; submitted to public! competition on Wednesday at the . Shamrock j Hotel, Sandhurst, by Messrs ' L. M'Pherson j and Co. The highest offer was £4 per acre, i and as there was no further1 advance, Mr Neale offered £5 on behalf of the owner, and 'stated ' Mr Harney would still be glad to treat privately ; with intending purchasers. He wished to re- ! move an erroneous' . impression which had; gained currency that the reserve put on the : property was too high. This, he assured them, ' was not the case. An opinion was 'expressed by some of the parties 'present that the pro perty would realise a great deal more money if \ put up in ten or twelve separate allotments. 