NORTHERN DOWNS. from our vagrant reporter. It seems strango at first sight to imagine that thcro should bo somo mysterious con nexion between tho pilfering of newspapers and the sittings of our Colonial Parliament. Strange, however, as it appears, my experience 1n«la mn (a din Ann(>1n«inii tli nt. thorn b nmn co-naturalness between tho two. For months previous to tho closo of tho last session I was pcrpotunlly annoyed by tho non-rccoipt of some ono or other of my papers— -sometimes it .was.your own journal, sometimes tho ' Dolby Horald/ but moro frequently tho 'Guardian.! Of course I grumbled and complained to tbo Post Office authorities, but could obtain no satisfaction. Directly Parliament ceased to meet my papers ceased to go astray, and oil through tbo recess I bnvo received them with wonderful regularity until last mail, and then the old gamo began again, and I suppose will continue to go on so long as tbo talking- shop in Brisbaoe is open. Newspapers in this colony aro not so expensive that any ono need stoal them, and rather than any ono ahould be driven to such extremity, I would willingly pay a subscription to savo tbo unfortunato from guilt. Perhaps bowover, some kind- hearted individual fancies I got too many for the good of my health, or koowing that I am . only a vagrant, and vagrants aro only common people, tboy imagino that a vagrant's properly is common also. However, t would justro- mind such delinquents of their awful f&tc;, couohcd in vagrant's language " Ho that prigs what isn't his'o. When ho's cotched will go to prison." _ Since tny last, wo have been visited by tbo Rev. Father Hodeburgh, who hns left this dis trict, intending to proceed to Europe. His rev erence celebrated mass both here and at Moraby, g&vo; spiritual instruction, and administered tho offices of tho church to tho rnembow of bis own communion. Several marriages wcro celebrated, and as the fatbor's visit was quite unexpected and unprepared for, wo- had some very amnsiug and practical illustrations of the popular melody, " Haste to the Wedding." Tho Panama mail service would seem, from the envelope which I enclose (for your own satisfaction, to be a somewhat arbitarv sort of arrangomcnt. It is quito clear, from my having received tho lcttor a fortnight before the Suez mail arrived, that it came by that route, and it iu equally clear that it cost only sixpenoe. Many of my friends, as well as myself, wfao have considerable correspondence, would liko to know" bow it isr-tliat' a singlo lottor from England to Australia coats only sixponco, while at tbo same time one shilling and fourpence is charged for the &aroo; thing from Australia to England. Perhaps, bow over, your advertised scale is wrong. If so, we shall be glad to have it explained. Our sportiog friends will now have to con gratulate themselves on tho addition of ano ther course whereon to show their prowess, and exhibit the mettle of our northern horses. Tho Maiden meet of tbo Ulcbah Jockey. Club is to come off on Thursday, tho 20th instant. Tho Club bas put forth a very respectable programme, and tho prizes are anythiog but despicable ; and I may add that the residents of tho district are indebted in a great degree to tbo energy and activity of Mr. Hcotor Bceton, landlord of tbo Ulobah Hotel, for this addenda to their amusements. If any of your readers should not koow the whereabouts of the place, I may state for their information that' it is situated about fifty miles from here, on the Roma road, and should tbey over travel in that direction host Bccton will bo b&ppy; to cater for their comfort end convenience. Iam glad to see that the Groom testimonial Is now an accomplished fact, and is an event in the history of the colony. Certainly the amouot was not as much as might havo been expected, but the exigencies of tho times will account for this, and I am quito sure Mr. Groom must be gratified by such a recognition of bis services. I anxiously conned over till my eyes ached again, tho published list of sub scribers to the testimonial, and the amouot of presentations as given in your contemporary, expecting to find tbo oarao of R. B. Cooke, P.G.M.P.B., as the contributor of bis "most happily" given " quota," and bis presence re corded as gracing the feast and exhilarating the company with " cataracts of sparkling eloquence ;" but no Cooke was thcro, neither his name on tho list, nor his presenco at the feast. To say the least of it it is strango, especially so immediately after publioty de claring that " his admiration of" Mr. Groom " bad not been on tbo wane," " that bis friendly feeling bad not become alienated," that " tho warmth of bis zeal bad not coolod," and that " he panted to prove his indomitablo porsoveranco in forwarding the object." After this I think I may say without any scandal, that Mr. Cooke must bo something moro im palpable than a ghost. I sincerely hope that tho alarming symptoms from which ho was recently suffering have not culminated in making him tho victim of " furor sycophaa- tisis.' If Much is tbo melancholy fact, let me know, and I will write an ' in mcmori&m.;' There is not much to chroniclo in the way of curront events. Fverytlring iu the shape of business is as dull as ditchwatcr. I am sorry to say that host Wallace, well known and respected as landlord of tho Condamine Hotel, has been obliged to succumb to the prossuro of tho times. His stock and furniture were sold by auction, under a bill of sale, on Tuesday lost. This has beou tbo only stirring event of the week. Tbo weather is fine and seasonable, tbo young grass springing beautifully, and the ground in first-rate order for ploughing. ' Great Western Railway. — It was stated in a recent issue of this journal, that, in con- soquonco of tbe person whoso tender for tbo construction of No. 7 section of tbo Great Wostorn Railway wa9 accepted having failed to deposit the £5000 cash required by tho condition?, fresh tenders for the work would bo invited. Before advertising for fresh ton- ders, however, a re-considoration was given to tho other tenders, and several difficulties pre senting themselves, the matter, we understand, was submitted to tbo Cabinet, when it was thought advisablo by tho Ministers again to submit tho work to publio competition. Ac cordingly tbe Ministor for Works bas given instructions to advertise for fresh tenders. The section referred to is sixteen milies and sixty-six chains in longth, and the cost of con- fitrneiinn will, in all nroh&bilitv.; be something over £200,000.—' S. M. Herald.' A Negress, speaking of one of her children who was lighter-coloured than tho rest, said, " 1 nebbcr could bear dat brat, 'cause, be show dirt to easy." 