Small Debts Court— Auoust 20. Breach of Contract. — Welman v. Hayes, .rl. , for breach of contract, adjourned from last sitting. Mr Freestone appeared fur the dofendant. J. O. Wolman deposed that in February last dofendant came to him, and after a good deal of talking, agreed to plough fifteen acres of land at 15s. an acre : on tho 25th February he came with his team, and after taking two or three bouts in tho paddock _ came out and went away : defendant said the ground was too hard then, but ho would come back after it had rained ; he did come back, and was asked when he was going to plough : defendant re fused to do the work then for less than 12. per acre. To Mr Freestono : Witness told defendant that if ho did not go to work, witness would find some one else and make him pay the difference in price: be (witness) had ploughed abrnt eight acres at 12. I a week, the remainder he could not get ploughed : thero was a difference of 22. on the land ploughed, | and he estimated the-balance of his claim as the loss of his crop of oats, which ho should have had on the other land : defendant was to plough, sow, and harrow. A witness was called to speak to the i conversation between plaintiff and defendant, but f his evidence was not very material. Mr Freestone submitted that the ease should be dismissed— first, as thero was no mutuality —there was nothing to bind the plaintiff to pay the defendant; next, that it was not shown that "the contract was to be com pleted in one year. Mr Pearee said that if dofend ant had come into that court for tho money agreed upon, he would get n verdict. Mr Freestone again ohjootod : that thero was no time limited, and therefore no breach of contract ; next, what was the estimated damage? it was only 22. It was not shown that plaintiff had exerted himself to get. the work done ; nor had it been shown that there had been any rain. Mr Maokay ' It was shown that defondant came back after the rain. Mr Campbell : I can see no weight in Mr Freestone's objections. Mr Pearce expressed a similar opinion. Mr Freestono then cnlled the defendant. Thomas Hayes, who deposed that he agreed with Mr Wel man to plough at 15s. an aoie. somo time in Feb ruary last : there was no quantity of land named: he ploughed three or four rounds, but finding tho groundloo hard, ho knocked off and gave him ilia plough : afterwards Mr Welman asked him if he was going to do the work, saying ha was careless about doing it. as ho could nlways buy his flour cheaper tiian he oould grow his wheat. Mr Wel man, addressing tho bench, said that ho had not brought the man to court for the sake of the amount claimed, but to f uniab him for coming to him to get n job when he could not_ get work elsewhere, and afterwards breaking his contract _ when Jio could get moro money. Ho would h 'satisfied with the 22. paid extra on the land ploughed. Mr Free stono mado a few more objeetions which the bench overruled, and gave a verdict for the plaintiff. 22. with costs. Mr Welman requested that the amount might be handed over to the church or tho school. The bench accordingly determined to hand it over to the funds of the school now being initiated at the woolshed. Cunningham Plains, under Mr Camp bell's auspices. Messrs. Campbell nnd Mackay then left the bench. — Mining Dispute. — Harris and party summoned Mr Hooper for trespassing on thoir olaim No. 1 north. Groat Australian Reef. Mr Freestone for plaintiffs. Defendant pleaded justification : that the shire he had jumped was not registered according to the Gold Fields' Regulations. Tho substanco of this case was that a share in the claim had been sold to John Murphy of this place; the man he had put to work for him had left the job, and de fendant thought ho might legally jump the share. It was shown, however, that there wore too many on the claim during the week in which the share was jumped, and defendant was told that the share he was seizing belonged to Mr Murphy. Defendant had moreover shifted the pegs, which Mr Freestono told him amounted to a misdemeanour: he having admitted that the claim was occupied. George Smith, a shareholder in the prospecting olaim of the same reef, proved that there were two men on tho ground of No. 1 all the week, and he did not consider their shares were jumpnble. Mr. Pearce to defendant: If yon were going to jump- Mr Murphy's share (he being a sleeping shareholder), you should have given him due notice. It was one of the most unfair practices — that of jumping — where a man, instead of looking out for a reof of his own, only watched his opportunity to take ad vantage of the labours of other men. There was nothing in the regulations to warrant it. Defend ant was ordered at once to vacate the ground. Mr Freestone asked for costs, which were allowed, attorney's ooBts 12 Is. and costs of court 6s 6d: payable in three weeks. Harris: In that case your worship I Bhall waive ray right to take out a summons for shifting my pegs. This closed the business of tho court, which was adjourned till 17th proximo. The magistrate, however, being still on the bench, Mr Freestone said that he wished to make a statement, and desired that his client, HayeB, be called in. It appeared, however, that Hayes had gone away. Mr Freestone then said that he had just lenrnt that Hayes had stated in court on last month that ho had retained him for bis defence ; such report being very injurious to him, he wished to contradict it. He never was retained by Hayes till thnt morn ing. In faot he had refused to come to Murrum- burrah last month. He was sorry that Hayes had gone away, but ho felt bound to contradict the re port which had gone nbroad, Mr Pearee expressed himself satisfied that Hayes was altogether mistaken in saying ho hnd retained Mr Freostone. Burrowa Police.— Senior-constablo Gibbons has boen transferred from Burrowa to Young. Mr Gibbons is one of the most intelligent members of the police force, and is deserving of promotion. His removal to Young will afford him a wider field for the exercise of his intelligence, and we hope to hear soon of his wearing the three chevrons. Teachers' Examination. — The result oftho ex aminations of teachers of schools held at Yass. Young, and Queanboyan, ha3 been communicated to the several teaehors, and wo are glad to learn that in more than tho one instanco mentioned in our last issue a higher classification has been ob tained. of course accompanied with an increase of salary. Mr J. Shannon, teacher of St. Patrick's Catholic School. Burrowa, hns received tho highest classification that could he ob tained by n teacher not previously examined by the Council of Education, nnd has been advanced three grades over tho classification formerly held by him. which was one of tho highest allowed hy the old Denominational Board to any teachorout of Sydney. We have frequently had occasion, in our corres pondence from Burrowa. to publish remarks com mendatory of the tenoher of St. Patrick's Sehosl, and it is highly' gratifying to u3 to find our cor respondent's opinion more than confirmed by the result of a strict examination. We are also pleased to learn that Mr R. S. Stevens, the teacher at Marengo, has been promoted to a higher salary, tho result of a successful examination at Young on tho 16:h June last. It must be very satisfac tory to parents in the localities referred to to find that tho resident teachers aro of acknowledged ability, and that they possess attainments and practical skill deemed by the Council of Education (after strict examination) worthy of higher posi- I tion and increased salary.. A great amount of good must follow the classification of the teachers in tho country districts, and it will have the effect of increasing confidence in the minds of parents that their children will receive a sound education at tho hands of teachers rceognisod and .classified by the Council of Education. Wilful Destruction. — Next to the crimo of sacrilege thero is nothing moro offensive to tho mind than the destruction of those mementoes that grieving parents or other relatives with lingering hearts, place around tho grave 'ho departed. The ordinary instincts of humani'y should over guard those affectionate recollections against the luthiess dostroyer. But such instincts havo ex ceptions in Yass. The grave of one young crea ture in the church-yard of St. Clement's has been three times robbed of the flowers of memory i and those little shrubs that had adorned her rest ing-place liavo been stolen hy hands that knew no "heart. This is not a solitary instance of sueh desecration. Other grnves havo been equally robbed, and it is time that tho law should be put in force for the punishment of thq invaders of our last homo. There was an Act passed on tho 21th August, 1817,. in which, amongst other matters, it is provided : " That if any porson or persons shn.ll wantonly or wilfully do, or oauso to be done, any damage to any monument, vault, tombstone, build ing, erection, railing, shrubhory, tree, or plant in the said cemetery (necropolis, Sydney), ho shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and being convicted thereof before any two or moro justices of the peace, & c.. who aro hereby authorised to hear nnd determine, &o;„ &c..; shall be liahle ior every sueh offence to a penalty not exceeding 202., or to be committed hy such justices at their discretion to any gaol. &c.;, thero to remain for a reasonable timo not exceeding three months; nnd any person who shall do, &c.;, nny injury to nny such monu ment. &c..; whether the same shall have beon done wilfully or otherwise howsoever, shall bo liable to pay a reasonable sum of money by way of damages and compensation therefor, whioh said sum shall bo reeovorablo in the Supreme Court of the colony, &c..; either at tho suit of the trustees, or by the nerson. ifco., entitled to any vault, &c.;" This Act has been extended to all cemeteries throughout the colony, and therefore the thievish fingers that have lately been so busy at work should be taught that there is a commandment swifter in its punish ment than tho divine one which can overtako thorn. New Postal Line. — An application is about to be mado to tho Postmaster-General for mail con veyance to that largely populated district which is principally wntero'l by Morool Creek. Tho pro posed route will bo by Marsden's to White's, on Humbug Creek. 36 miles : from thenoo to Narria (Lowis's), 23 miles; to Grant's, Molongia, 20 miles: to Clarence, Oonopnrln or Scrubby Range. 25 miles. By this route there would bo another direct communication with Wagga Wagga. At tho present timo letters and newspapers addressed to tho places mentionod, beyond Marsden's, aro con veyed to Narandera, and nro there forwarded to their destination. ' A by-weekly mail to the places indicated, with a central post-office, Bay at Molongia, would ho of great advantage to tho in habitants of that part of the south-western district. Teacher's Examination. — Wo understand that tho result of teachers' examination held in Juno last has been communicated to Mr Millar, teacher of the Presbyterian school. Mr Millnr has boen informed by the secretary of the Council of Education that the Council, having considered the examinor's report upon his attainments and practical skill, as elicited at the examination held on the 13th >Tune last, has promoted him nnd in creased his salary, to tako effect from the 1st August. — Communicated. Ornitholooioal.'— A pelican, tho largest of its genus over seen in this district, was shot the other day by Mr Toohoy. at the Chain of Ponds, and brought into town by Jenkins, the mailman. It measured nine feet six inches from tip to tip of the wings, six feet three inches From tip of tho tail to the bill, and the bill was six inches long. This mammoth bird has been placed in the hands of Mr Pearce to be stuffed. It would bo desirable now that our Mechanics' Institute is about to take fresh shnpo and form by the eroction of a new building, that arrangements for a museum be made. There aro abundant mncerials in the district for the purpose. The natural products that would arrest attention nnd be the cause of advancing the locality, are absolutely lost for the want of a depository. Accident. — On Tuesday night Mr John Garner met with an nccident which might have resulted most seriously to him. He has taken up some land under the free selection clause of the Lands Act, and in order to conform with the legal requirements usunlly Bleeps thero. On the night referred to. while kindling a fire with some bark an explosion took place, evidently caused by gunpowder, and immediately beneath- the place where he was light ing tho fire. He fortunately sustained no further injury than scorching the skin of the face and his whiskers. Whether the powder had been design edly put there yet remains a mystery. Police Court. — On Saturday last, before Mr Laidlaw. John Green was charged by Mr sub- inspector Brennnn with having 'stolen a saddle, the property of John Wado. He- was remanded till tho following Wednesday (this day) for the production of wituesses. Chaff Cutting by Steam. — On Monday last Messrs. Hedley and Oo. commenced cutting their oaten chaff by steam, their trade in this articlo requiring a quicker process than ordinary horse power. The first driving of tho engine (4 h. p.) attracted a number ot the friends of tho firm who desired to observe the success of the undertaking, and we may state that tho steam steed did its work admirably. A ton of hay was easily cut in little more than an hour. This propelling power will enable' the firm to carry out their orders with punctuality and despatch. Mail Service. — The Government has called for tenders for the oonveyance of mails botween the following places, either hy coach or on horseback, for one year, from the 1st January, I860, to tho 31st December, 1869, or for three years from the said 1st January to31scDacember, 1971. Tenders to be sent in before eleven o'clock on Monday, the 19th October, with a certificate of a magistrate to he written on the baok of each tendor. Southern Boad : — To and from Goulburn. Oolleotor, Gun- daroo, Ginninderra, Canberra, and Quennbeyan, three times a week. To and from Gunning and Dalton, twico a week. To and from Yass and Burrowa, vid Limestone and Lang's Creek, threo times a week. To and from Burrowa, Marengo, aod Young, twice a week. To and from Young, Morangarcll, and Marsden's, once a week. To and from Yass and Gunduroo, vid Mundonnan, nnd by Ynss River route, twice a woek. To and from Gundngai nnd Olarondon, onco n week. To and from Tumut and Kiandra, once a week. Official Promptitude.— It is littlo more than a fortnight ago that application was made by letter to tho Hon. tho Minister for Works, to cntise the road along the Yass River, in tho direction of Gundaroo, to bo put in repnir. as in many places it was untravellablo. Wo are hnppy to lenrn that Mr Byrnes has instructed Mr Meldrum, superin tendent of roads for tho Southern District, to in spect the stato of tho road referred to, nnd to re port on tho necessary repairs. Sad Accident.— On Saturday last an accident occurred to a young man named Duffy, who resides at. the Springs, a few miles from Yass... He was " stumping " trees, when missing a blow the nxe entered his foot, cutting away tho first toe near the lowest joint, and making wounds on tho great nnd third toe. Dr. Campbell attendod tho sufferer, who is progressing as well as possible. The WkatiIer.— Tho change of the moon yesterday is prognostical of a change in the weather. Tho season has been unusunlly dry for tho fanners, and much of the into sown wheat is only just appearing above the surface. Thero are paddocks that were ploughed soon after harvest, and sown at the latter end of May and the begin ning of Juno. Tho wheat there is well up. and in somo plaecs even rank During this month whoro there isrnnkness the crop should be eat down, and then rolled ; during next month rolling is the only process by which to prevent the premature growth of the wheats. This is the dictum of experienced colonial farmers. Insolvency. — A third meeting for the proof of debts. &c.; in the estate of Charles James Woodman will be held at Sydney on the 23rd September. Friohtful Railway Accident. — About seven o'clock on Friday evening, tho engines belonging to Mr Faviell. the contractor for No. 7 section of the Great Southern Railway, was going up the lino from the direction of Barber's Creek to Marulan. driving two ballast trucks, when a collision took place with a truck of firewood that had been left on the line. Thero wero two men on the trucks in addition to tho engine-driver (Dixon). One of these was literally smashed to pieces, portions of the body being picked up in several places. Tho other had his leg broken. Wo have not ascertained the name of either. Dixon escaped upinjured. When our informant passed through Marulan an inquest on tho body was being held beforo the Goulburn coroner. The injured man was brought to the Infirmary yester- day. — S. JL Herald. Shearino on the Murrumridgee. — Tho Narandera correspondent of tho Wagga Wagga Express writes : — Owing to tho large number of men— shearers and others— having gone down the river, most, if not all, the sheds are reported as full; and to-day I Baw a number of new hands, who aro returning up tho river, being unable to "get on" at any of the sheds below for that reason . Mr Martin and the " Freeman's Journal." — We ( Freeman's Journal ) "havo nothing much to communicate to our friends respecting tho lawsuit against the proprietors of this journal. Our case is in the hands of our solicitor, who hns retained tho services of two of the lending barristers, who will give the Hon. tho Attorney-General some trouble in getting the better of them. The declar ation on the part of the Grown, and our plea in reply, havo both boon filed, and it only roraains for the court to fix the day of trial. Whether this will bo during the present or next term, wo are not in a position to stato i for tho law is a cum brous maehino, and moves slowly along. In tho meanwliilo. wo feel highly gratified to find that all over tho colony the act of Mr Martin is denounced as a piece of tyranny, ami locked upon as an at tempt to crush the only journal in which Catholics and Irishmen can give expression to their opinions. From the action taken hy our subscribers it must be ovident that the Attorney-General has under taken a task which' he will nover succeed in achieving: ho could hnve had but a faint idea of tho hold which the Freeman's Journal has upon its readers, and he must already begin to regret that ho has begun the dirty work of crushing a journal because it was opposed to his political conduct. If Mr Martin lives fifty yenrs longer, his present action against the Catholic journal will bo thrown in his face whenever lie shows himself in public. Most of tho readers of tho Freeman remember the timo when ho was hunted from constituency to constituency, and it was only wlion he appealed to the priests and Catholic electors to support him that ho found himself returned by two electorates. What a picture of political regeneration have wo not witnessed since that time ! From the friend of the Catholics he has Veoomo their bitterest op ponent: but greater men than Mr Martin have dis appeared from public lifo during tho turmoil of a general election. One of tho darkest pages— if tho life of the present Attorney-Qenernl bo written — will bo that which chronicles tho framing and passing of tho Botany Bay Treason Felooy Bill and his political prosecution of tho Freeman's Jour nal. The " Count" and his Religious Charity. — The " Flaneur in Sydney " who communicates to the Empire, writes :— Why did Hamlet's ghost, or rather tho Count, as his friends in Sydney at no very recent date styled him. choose to bestow on the building of a Cathedral Church two horses and twenty- fivo pounds ?-Was there any concealed attempt at satire in tho gift ? Why should tho authorities of the Church decline to accept tho donation, and why should gift horses be looked in tho mouth P If the cost of every stone of a re ligious edifice is to be scrutinised in this searching manner it will he necessary to bo careful. For tunately it may bo assumod that tho horses have not been sold and tho procoeds applied ; else bow could restitution havo been made P Temples may he founfl in our streets upon every stone of whioh I could moralise by the hour : and in my mind's eyo Lcould almost trace the donor's mark as clearly as wo can trnco the mark of culprits who assisted to rear a building with an unprepossessing exterior at Darlinghurst devoted to tho custody of unprin cipled persons who ovorstop conventional limits in so coarse a manner as to lead to loss of personal liberty. Well, I of course admit it was good sense on the part of the committee of St. Mary's to refuse to share the plunder. But what is Bnuco for the goose is held to be equally suitable for tho gander. Bo consistent and demolish tho templo. Let us bo honost and go back to the whitewash, and confess our transgressions, even in a comfortless bam, as our forefather's did whon, for conscience sake, they denied thomselves civil privileges. We have been ndmonished that " Where property can be dis tinctly traced to theft, it should be renounced by all who profess to inculcate tho principles of moral- ity." Lot us go to work to " beparata tho produce of honeBt labour from the gains of chicanery and fraud." and what a work of demolition will bo the result. Who will bid for tho unholy things, and who is bold enough to raiso his voice and cry aloud — This man gave away that which he had not gathered ? I am on dangerous ground ; I will keep these things to myself. The Count gave horses where ho found quadrupeds of another cha racter. Tho story is an old ono, tho point is a sore one. and I prefer to pass on. Murrumbidgeb Pastoral Items. — Still no olinnge to record in the weather, which to all ap pearance is now settled fair with every indication of a dry nnd early spring. Monday was rather showery and in the evening thero was a heavy thunderstorm of very Bhort duration. Tho raia poured down in copious streams for about a quarter of an hour, and then cleared off; and since then tho weather has continued uninterruptedly dry. Lambing has now generally concluded with, on the whole, satisfactory results. In ono paddock of Mr Adam M'Neill's, of the Yanoo, tho increase reached the high rate of 97 per cent., and the average increase of the whole of that gentleman's flocks is expected to be fully up to 87 per cent. On tho Mncquarie the lambing is also reported to bo over, and considering the severity of tho season tho roturns have been good. But few lambs died, and the ewes are in very fair condition. From the Burrowa district the lambing accounts are also favourable. Shearing hns now oommencod on tho river, nnd hands are unusually plentiful, so much so. in faot, thnt numbers of men, finding all the labour wanted on most of tlio lowor river sheds already engaged, have turned hack, and are now seeking a chancoofemploymenton thelaterahenring Btations higher up, Tho shearing rntos generally ruling aro 17s 6d por 100. instead of the nvcrago of 20s paid last yoar. — Wagga Wagga Express. Tub Accused Man Hooan. — In consequenco of tho absence of tho Police Magistrate, the man Hogan. remanded till yesterday (Friday), on suspicion of being concerned in tho murder at tho . Ten-miio, was not brought up. — Burrangong Argus. The Murder of the Brothers Ponr.man. near Wagga Waooa. — It will doubtless be in the recollection of our readers, says tho Hamilton Spectator, that somo time ago two German hawkers brothers, named Pnhlmin, were' mur dered. and their bodios partially burned, near tho New South Wales border. On Wednesday last constables Flannigan and M'RIroy. of Hamilton, arrested, a man named James Campbell, whom thoy suspected as the mnrderor. He was brought before tho bench on Friday morning, and, on tho application of sergeant Hull, was remanded. A telegram from Melbourne, dated Saturday ovening, states— Tho man Gampboll, who was arrestod at Hamilton, on suspicion of murdering tho brothers Pohlman, in Now South Wales, has beon discharg ed from custody. An alibi was satisfactorily proven. Berrima Gaol. — Last Sunday morning, at about half-past nino o'clock, a daring attempt was mado hy ono of tho prisoners to stab the gaolor, Mr Small. It appears tiiat tho prisoner, whose nnmo is Drynob. has for somo time pa<t beon under tho restraint of separate treatment; hut on tho above ' mentioned morning be became very insubordinato in his cnnilnct. and was in tho act of being convoy ed by Mr Small to one of the dark cells, when, on passing the kitchen (tho door of which was opened), Drynob mado a sudden rush in, seized a knifo that was on tho tablo, and was in tho net of attacking the gaoler, whon that officer, with great presence of mind, rushed forward, and with one blow felled his would-be nssassin to tho ground and secured him. Drynob is undergoing a sentence of fifteen years fur robbery with firearms and attempt at murder.— Goulburn Herald. Blundering in the. Lands Department. — On Monday Mr Fitzpatriok, tho ander- seoretary for lands (savs tho Wagga Wagga Express) attendod, by previous arrangement and advertisement, at the court-house, for the purpose of effecting a thorough enquiry into the circumstances attending the disputed seleotions recently made on No. 81, Wantabadgory resorve. All the parties interested wero present, and wero addressed by Mr Fitz patriok, who stated that his sole purpose in visiting the district was to cause a searohing enquiry to Lc made in order that tho whole matter might ha laid before the Honourable Minister for Lands nnd decided upon its merits. The Bovoral parties in terested, as well as thoso of their solicitors who wero present at the timo tho selections were mado, wero invitod to state at length the. circumstances of tho case. This occupied about two hours, nnd Mr Fitzpatriok, having then obtained all the infor mation he desired, thanked tho applicants for their courtesy in personally attending and giving their evidence, and promised that tho whole question in disputo should receivo the earliest and fullest con sideration at tho hands of his cliieF. Tho compli cations that have arisen in consequence of tho ad vancement of so many rival and apparently equally valid claims to the samo portions of land on this reserve have been entirely causod by official mud dling nnd want of foresight. Ever since the Land Act came into torce, notices have Irora time to time emanated from the Land Department with holding from conditional purchase, until surveyed, certain defined portions of land, and in order to guide the land agents throughout the oountry in tho performance of their duties, and to clear up any doubts thnt might arise in their minds as to tho meaning to be attached to the words " until surveyed," a circular was issuod on the 11th Juno, 1862, instructing tho agents that even whan to their own knowledge they knew notified reserves to be surveyed hy an officer of the department, they wore not to consider them as suoli until they had been supplied with n copy of the approved plan of survey, nnd the public had been informed by a notice in tho Gazette thnt tho lands were open to conditional purchase. When lands of this class havo boen in so many words distinctly gazetted as open to conditional purchase, the public lm70 naturally concluded that the notifications have meant exactly what they hnve stated, and tho qualifying conditions containod in the circular to the agents in roforenco to the receipt by them of the approved plan, of the existenoo of whioh the public of course knew nothing, will probably be found to bo legally worthless and inoporativo. The land agents hnvo. howevor. been bound by thoir instructions, and if tho Btrict carrying out of these has led. as in this case, to a general chaos of en tangled bemuddlement. the blame cannot in fair ness be lnid upon their shoulders, but must ha borne by the higiier officials who have carelessly omitted to take tho preliminary steps for tho pro per fulfilment of their own instructions. On the 4th June last the office of tho land agent hero was besieged by a posso of conditional purchasers, sixty-one applications in all being lodged, and all for various portions of this No. 81 resorvo. Tho agent hnd then no official knowledge of tho faot that tho land in quostion hnd been gazetted as open to selection, and not having received the " approved plan of survey " he, in accordance with his instructions, refused to receivo the npplioations. The applicants, or at any rato a portion of them, had learnt by telegram that the land had been gazetted as open to selection. and ono of their num ber formally placed his application on tho table, together with the necessary cash dsposit, for tho conditional purohase ho desired. A second party, at tho samo timo, obtained some forms of applica tion, nnd commenced filling them up, but seoing the agent ohjccting to receive thoso tendered by his rival, did not make any cash doposit. On the 10th Juno, six days after these applications had been tendered, the " approved plan of survey," in the absenco of which the land agent had been in structed to receive no npplioations, was posted from tho Lands Office in Sydney, and on tho 13th it arrived in Wagga Wagga. On the 18th, tho next land sale day, tho office of tho unfortunate agent was again inundated with sixty-one applica tions, and still, sticking to his instructions, ho con sidered thnt tho formor onos had boon irregularly tendered to him, and resolved to treat them all as having been simultaneously put in. This was, of courso, strongly objected to by the original ten derers, and especially by tho tenderer of the re- jected deposit, nil ir.nde at a time, bo it remember ed, when it was known that the land' in question had been actually gazetted as opon to eouditional purohoso, and hence the present disputes. To make the matter still more complicated and involved, most of these applicants have applied for several distinct portions of land of an aggregnto area of more than 320 acres, tho maximum conditional purchase allowed by law. A Judoe in Self-defence.— A' humourous incident (writes the Ballarat Courier) ooourred in Buninyong recently, which has ocoasioued con siderable gossip in tho locality. It appears that his Honor Judge Rogers stepped into the news- shop of Messrs. Ashburner, and having ensoonced himself on a chnir near tho window, took up one of the daily papers, and was enjoying a quiet read, when Mr Joseph Innos, a farmer, residing at Mount Buninyong, entered the shop, and, being under the infiuenco of John Barleycorn, ho oiasped tho judge in his irreverent arms, at tho same time exclaiming, " How are you. old judge ?" The dis penser of law and justice, not brooking suoli inter ference, gave his too free and oasy acquaintance a blow in the " breadbasket," whioh sent him through tho window, nnd subsequently summoned Innes for nn assault, but has sinoo offered to withdraw the case, provided a suitablo apology is tendered, nnd the damage to tho window repaired. Accepted Tenders. — Tlio tendors of Mr William Johnston, for tho supply of forage to the undermentioned pinces for six months, oommenoing 1st September, havo been acoeptod : — Murrum- burraii, Binalong, Wombat. Oootamundry, and Marongo.- —Burrangong Argus. DEATH OF AROHDEAOON M'ENOROE. Another link between the present generation and the earlier days of this country has just given way. having been sundered by the decease of an aged Roman Oatholio clergyman, whose namo will long be honourably remembered in tho religious and sooial history of this community. Archdeacon M Eneroe. a man full of years and greatly esteemed, has been called to his rest, having expired at the Presbytery of St. Patrick's. Church-hilt, on Satur day evening, tho 22nd instant, at half-past seven o'clock. For some time past it was but too clear to many that tho constitution of tho rev. gontloman. who had already attained to the advanced age of aoventy-three years, was gradually broaking up : yet from his mental and physical energy, and ab stemious habits, his bodily frumo seemed cnnblod to make a strong stand against the inevitable in- rondB of decay until within a few days past, whon it became evident that his death must-be near at hand. He was, never tlioless. sufficiently convales cent on Monday last to bo taken out for an airing through tho city, in which lie so long laboured amongst his own flock, and for tho general well- being of the inhabitants. On Friday afternoon he received tho viaticum, six prelates of his com munion being presont for some hours previous to his dissolution. Those who approached tho death bed of tho old priest appear to lravo been deeply moved and greatly edified by the calmness, the simple faith, and Christian resignation which he manifested in his last moments. By his parish ioners in the northern part of this city ho was especially beloved ; nnd to them, as to many others, his denth, though not unexpected, is of course a sub ject of profound distress. The funeral knell of the Archdoacon, as it clanged heavily from the great bell of St. Mary's last Saturday night, awoke a sudden, painful thrill in the hearts of many thousands of our fellow-eitizens, and the mourn ful boom was Boon heard re-echoing from the Bteeple of the Sacred Hcnrt Church, nnd from that of St. Benedict's. The tenor of St. Mary's (silent during tho long interval which has elapsed since the romoval of tho wooden belfry) was first soundod on this sorrowful occasion from its new position in the south-western tower, the only portion of tho old edifico which escaped from tho great conflagra tion of the Cathedral upwards of three years ngo. When the wailing, well-known tono9 of their old ohurch bell wero again henrd in the busy, crowded streets, tho Roman Catholics of Sydney, nnd their friends of other denominations, knew that all was over. The following brief biographical notice, from an authentio source, comprises some of the principal events of the Into Archdeacon's life, and will doubt less bo read with much interest by a very large number of our readers. " The Vcnorable Arohdenoon M'Eneroo was born at Tullamane, nonr Oashel, on St. Stephen's Dny, 1795\. At 19 years of ngo ho entered St. Patrick's College, Maynooth, and was ordained priest in the Octave of Penteoost. 1819, by tho Most Rev. Arch bishop Murray, and was soon alter appointed to assist tho Very Rev. E. O'Reilly in conducting tho Diocesan Seminary of Meath. In 1822 ho went to lnbour on the American Alission, but had to re turn to Ireland in 1829 in oonscquenco of ill-henlth. On bis recovery bo was employed for a time by the Archbishop of Oashel in raising subscriptions to wards the completion of the provincial college of Thurles, nnd was shortly afterwards selected by the President of Maynooth and tho Archbishop o"f Dublin to proceed to this mission. On Juno 10, 1832, ho landed here and joined tho Rev, Father Thorry. who had during many sorrowful years previously laboured in carrying out the work of the oburch. Thoro wero severnl incidents connected with the Vcn. Archdeacon's first oall to this de partment of missionary duty. Ono of these was that being in an assize town and seeing a cart containing a number of prisoners about to bo transported drivon along at groat Bpecd. he threw Beveral prayer-books into it. Many years after wards when he was in New South Wales, ono of these very prayer-books was brought to him by the person to whom it had been so given, and who came to express his gratitude for the gift. The Venerable Archdeacon MEocroo laboured uninterruptedly as a priest in New South Wales and at Norfolk Island for many years, and did not quit this part of the world until lie was specially deputed, about six or seven years ago, by the Council of the Roman Oatholio Oollego of St. John to choose its Rector, when lie proceeded to Europe accordingly, and in conjunction' with Cardinal Wiseman and Oardinal Oullon, selected tho present Reotor of the Institution — tho Very Rev. Dr. For rest. Originally raised by his Archbishop to the dignity of Dean of St. Mary's, the Rev. Johr M'Enoroo was subsequently promoted to bo Arch deacon — with immediate pastoral charge of the large parish of St. Patrick s in this city, which ho retained till tho day of his death. The Rev. John AI'Eucroo was a Roman Oatholio priest of the bid school, one who was worthy to be the ooaijutor of tho Venerable Father T'herry and the Rev. John Flynn. Ho was remarkable for tho indefatigable performance of his duties as a clergyman and as a citizen, thnn lor any position 1 which he cared to assume, either as a preacher or as a controversialist. Mis hearty devotion to his own Church and his foarloss vindication of what ho deemed tho unalienable rights of his co religionists, never embittered his social relations with those who were conscientiously opposed to tho Roman Oatholio fnith ; his unswerving indepen dence, sterling friendliness, and manly candour, . being thoroughly appreciated by all. Where he oould agree with any of his fellow-citizens — Oatholio or Protestant— for any good common end, ho was ever glad to co-operate with thom : whero he knew himself to be conBoientiously and hope lessly opposed to their convictions it was his wont to remain silent, rather than be foolishly disngree- ablo, and needlessly aggressive. Whether admin istering tho laBt consolations of his religion to an aooomplished prince dying afar from his royal relatives, or praying by the death-bed of a miser- able pauper, it was the same plain John M'Encroo — ever ohrnoterised by a homely quiet earnestnoss. nnd integrity of purpose which olothed all his acts with a singular naturalness and dignity, of which he seemed wholly unconsoious. The Most Rev. John Bode PoldiDg, the Roman Oatholio Arch bishop of Australasia; Dr. Murphy, tho Bishop of Tasmania-, Dr. James Quinn, the Bishop ot Brisbane ; Dr. Matthew Quinn, tho Bishop of Bathurst; Dr. Murray, the Bishop of Maitlaud -, nnd Dr. Lanigan, the Bishop of Goulburn, were the prelates who surrounded bis dying bed. The body of the Archdeacon lay last night in state at St. Patriok's Cliureh, whioh was visited by many thousands of persons in the course of the evening. A mortuary Mass will be said at the temporary Oathedral of St. Mary's, to-morrow at nine o'clock. It is understood that tho corpse is to be buried in the old Roman Oatholio burying ground in Devonshire-street, in the same vault as that in which rest tho remains of tho Venerable Arohpriest Therry.— .S. M. Herald. Committal of a Olerk for Embezzlement. — At the Central Police Oourt, Sydney, on Thursday last, Augustus O. G. Brewer surrendered to his bail on a ohnrge of embezzling 28 1 19s 9d, the property of the assignee of insolvent estates. Senior- constable Martin Grnoe, stated : I arrested prisoner at the Queen's Arms Hotel, South Head Road, on the 4th instant, by virtue of a warrant dated 19th January last; Prisonorsaid " I thought it was i)ll settled ; I thought the money had been paid. Why did you not arrest mo before P" I replied that I had not seen him. He snid " you had better be careful that ynu have the right person ; I knew there were two warrants for me, but thought they wero cancelled." I looked him nP_ end shortly after read the warrants to him. Ho said ho was not guilty. I searched him, and found the sum of 5s 2d on him, a knife, a portrait, and soma memoranda. Archibald Campbell, registrar of Insolvent Oourt department, said : Prisonor was third olork' in that department, and by virtuo of bis office was entrusted with the receipt, custody, and control of moneys, the pro perty of the Queen. I produce tho papora in the insolvent estate of John Higman, Yass. They consist of petition and order of sequestration, dated 2nd November. 1867, by Ohief Commissioner, nnd the appointment of Mr Humphery as official assignee. I produce the examination of John Higman before tho Ohief Commissioner. Frederick Thomas Humphery deposed : I am official assignee in the estate of John Eligmnn, of Ynss. After the examination of William Henry Higman, I applied to tho eommissionor for a warrant of attachment, which he issued, and I produce. It is dirootcd to prisoner as special messenger. There is an en dorsement on the warrant, signed by prisoner, dated 25tli November 1867. I gnvo prisoner in structions to give tho usual printed notice of at tachment to William Henry nigman. I told pri soner to get the money. I expected to roceivo it. but have not. William nenry Higman stated : I rosido at Newtown. I was examined in tho in solvent estnte of my father, John nigman. in November, 1867. I saw prisoner on that day. Prisoner produced to me tho warrant and demanded tho money I had, which was said to belong to the insolvent estnte. I refused to give it liirn till I bad legal advice. I saw him again that day at my office. Ho showed mo tho attachment, and said iio thought I had bettor givo tho mon«y up. for it might got me into trouble. I said I would, and gave him 28/ 19s 9d. h was the money the Chief Commissioner told mo belonged to my father's estate. I took r.o receipt for it. I hnvc not seen prisoner since to spoak to him. and do not know what became of the money. By prisoner: T can not swear that I gave vou exactly 28/ 19s 9d: but it was over 28/. I did not ask you for a receipt. Tho prisoner said " I have nothing to say now." and was fully committed for trial at tho Central Criminal Court on 1 Ith September next. Bail allowed, himself in 200/ and two sureties of 100/ each. Prisoner askod his worship to restore the portrait and few shillings that had been taken from him. saying ho had a wife and child in very distressed circumstnnccs. Tho portrnit was banded to him ,- but ho was refused the money. — Empire. Obstruction in the Public Road. — Wo havo to call tho attention of tho authorities concerned, to tho fact thnt the parties cngnged in clearing for the telegraph lino from Young to Burrown are falling the troe3 across the public road to such nn extent as to mako it, for tho first three miles from Young, almost impassable nnd highly dangerous. Should this praetico bo persevered in, the money voted for road purposes will bo swallowed up by the cost of removing the fallen timber. It may be as well to inform those persons who are causing the obstruction, that they are liable to prosecution for tho offenco. — Burrangong Argus. The Mail via Panama. — The R M.S. Knikoura arrived at Sydney on Saturday morning, six days before oontrnot time, bringing news from England by cable to July 8. Prom New York to the 9th, and San Francisco to July 6. Wiiitworth Scholarships. — Friday's Govern- ment Gazette contains a circular despatch from the Right Hon, the Secretary of Stnto, rospoeting scholarships for mechanical scienco endowed by Mr Whitworth. The following is the text of the despatch : — At tho request of tho Lords of tho Committeo of Council on Education, I have the honour to inform you of tho endowment, by Mr Whitworth, of certain scholarships for mochanical science. As will be seen from Mr Whitworth's memorandum, he proposes that " thirty scholar ships, of 100/. onch. should bo open to all of her Majesty's suhjoots, whether of tho United Kingdom, India, or "the colonies, who do not cxccod the age of twenty-six years, nnd bo held either for two. or three years, us experience may provo to be desir able. Fine Beep.— Mr T. R. Watt had a very fino carcass of beef hanging in tho front of bis shop on Thursday Inst. It weighed, wo understand, ten hundred and fifty pounds, nnd was bred on tho run of O. Ohurch, Esq., at Bland. — Burrangong Argus. Sydney Wool, Tallow, and Hides Markets. — The usual weekly snlos of wool and skins were held on Thursday. Very few lots of wool wero submitted, and those few were indifferent samples. Bidding was languid in the extreme. The result cannot be takon as a criterion of the market. A largo number of sheepskins were offered, nnd many heavy lots quitted at last quotations. They realised from 5Jd. to 5Jd. for tho beat quality. For boiling-down from 3£d. to -lid. per lb. was i had. Tho usual saloB of tallow, hidos, &o.;, wero i hold on Friday at tho produce stores. In tallow, i tho extraordinary demand of last week for supplies for Mauritius having been met. trade lias fallen i back into its ordinary channel. Little is doing for shipment, and local requirements are nil that i supplies nro nskod for. For theso on Friduy there i wns a fair domand at former quotations. Hides continue firm and in good demand for extra heavy i weights, some of which realised as much as 22s. 6d. each. There wns a goo.d supply, and a large number wero quitted. Stock Reports. — Goulburn. August 21. — Messrs. Finlay and Co. report:— Fat stock : We havo sold a draft, on aocount of Mr Wm. Boasloy. at — 1st yard, 6/: 2nd ynrd.'-l/ 17s 6d; 3rd yard, 4/ 10s. Prime cattle nro very searoo, and those coming to hand aro far from being what are termed ripe ; anything very good readily commands an outside prico, whereas plain onttle are only takon to supply immedinte wants and to placo in paddocks for fattening purposes. Those possessed of ripe cattle cannot do better than take advantage of the present demand. Prime, heavy, and weighty we quoto at 6/ (in tho yards) ; plain, about 4/, Store cattle : Buyers cannot get supplied. At present there is a splendid opening for store stock, and those having such cannot do better thnn bring them to market. We could without any difficulty sell six hundred hend of bullocks at about 3/ 5s ; and equal sexes at 2/ 12s 6d. Settlers having small lots of quiet dairy cattle would do well to bring thom to tho ynrds, as, from the existing competition, they will get, in our opinion, muoh higher prices than they would- by selling privately. Fat shoep : This market continues very notive, and sales have taken plnco in advance of former quotations. We have sold this week 2305 — viz , 1200, on account of John Oropper, Esq., Lake Bathurst, at 9s : 200 of Ohns. A. Massy, Esq.'s, at 10s : 400 of Mr Best's, at 8s 6d ; and 505 of Mr John P. Ryan's ; these Inst were unfortunately sold by the owner, without oonsultiag the auc tioneers, at a vorr low price, on the road, and were subsequently re-sold at 8s Od ; their market value we considorod 9s. We have plaaed a flock of 1000 under offer at 10s ; nnd havo numerous inquiries for prime flocks, which have been sold up to 13s; but this Intter prioe has only been realised for one lot. Store sheep : The market continues active for good lots of breeding ewes and wethors. We sold a flock of 529, rising 2 and 4 years old, at 7s 4d. Horses : None coming in and no inquiries. Messrs. F. S. Oohen nnd Oo. report: — Fat cattle : Really prime beef is becoming very scarce, and the market but barely supplied with anything that onn be considered prime or first- class. Good onttle having quality with woight are now worth from 16s to 18s per 100 lbs. Wo have no sales to report. Store oattle : There is a large demand for good store cattle. We could readily plaoo 500 or 600 head in lots of from 50 to 150 at Bntisfaotory prices. Quotations : All bullocks, 3/ 3s to 3/ 7s 6d ; mixed sexes, 2/ 15s to 3/. Fat sheep : Very few are being brought forward for sale, as nearly all have been purchased by outsido buyers, who are holding for higher prices, which would certainly find their way into the pockets of the grnziers. did they but oommunioate with agents who study the markets, and are in possession of all the latest information. We have buyers for any number of really prirao wethers, whioh can be quoted for 60 lbs up to 12s. We note a sale of fat wothers on a station near Queanbeyan nt I3s, whioh is certainly an outside prioe, and nre informed that tho sheep are extra good in quality and weight, being up to 05 lbB. Store aheop: There nro a great many inquiries for young ewes to lamb next month, and we should adviBO parties having this description of sheep to sell, to do so at onoe, as there aro a number of buyers now for small lots who will bo out of the market after shearing. Wo sold this week on account of Mr McQuinness, 010 ewes, 2 years to aged,' at 6s 3d to Ga Od. Horses: Good upstanding horses are inquirod after ; but none are ooming to market. Sydney. August 21. — Mr G. M. Pitt reports : — Fat cattle : In consequence of a short supply thiR week the ranrket is very firm, with) an upward tendency for best quality. Any offering of this kind meets with spirited competition. A small lot of paddoak fed heavy weights brought long prices, yesterday, at Annnndale; one ox made 11/ 2s. I do not anticipate any change for some time to come, from the long-continued drought, there are few places to look for fat cattle. I quoto best quality fully 20s. per 100 lbs. My sales havo been 05 head Pyo's at 5/. Fat sheep : Market fully suppliedT chiefly of middling quality: prices havo not advanced nt the rato anticipated. A sale to-day in tho city of prime sheep wont off slowly, from what cause I cannot tell, unless it be the wnnt of money or tho market being so long over-supplied. I quote best wethors from lis to 13a ; second quality from 8s to 10s. Hoi.loway'3 Ointment and Pills. — Colds, influenza. — Until within a very few years these complaints were treated with bloodletting, blister ing. nnd emetics. Now a moro rational method of cure has been ndoptcd : Flolloway's ointment and pills purify. Ileal, and strengthen. They neither weaken the body, nor disconcert the nervous system. Depiction, doubtless, arrested thoso disensos. but at the same time it took away nature's means of restoration. Hollowuy'a remedies on tho contrary, while working tho oure, aro laying the foundation for perfect reoovory, not only of the nfiPcted. but every othor organ. Hollowny's pre parations nre also tho best preservatives against the whole list of winter ailments ; they throw out impurities and preservo the vital prinoiple from disonso or lead it back to honlth. 