lo tie Edior of thle Queeusland Times. Su,-There is doubt but at certain periods flun keyism takes hold in Blrisbane somewhlat in Sio same form as an infectious disease. Take, for instance, Onptain O'Connell and the Governorship. Tile people who utter.thlis nonsense must be well aware of the absurdity of it, otherwise they are little better thau a peack of idiots. It is really .disgreeful to tlhe common selse of tlhe.colony to hvaeo such stuff pub lished, and I would allow it to puss unnotibeod were it not for thel amount: of unmerited- praise that is bestowed.upon a gentleinon .whoe conduct upon a recent occasion has been a'subjeclt of commont through. out the colony, Keed I allude to thePrine's vrisitto the Grammar School, and Captast O'Ooolell'e con duct to hisi superior (Colonel Graj) whlen lie allowed thie bravo venerable old man, with hIis hard-eirned honour. upon his breast, to remain nnnotieed on thisl nuspiQious occasion. Yes, when he knew no other toan in Queeosland or any of the other colonies had tile same claim .for being introduced to his Royal Highneus, and certain I ant therec is not anotlier in the colonies whose Ilsand his Royal Highness uould uooner grasp. But tihe brave old Colonel weas put under a kind of'extinguisher by thie Captain of Spulns: mier eensries aud Colonel of Queensland Volunteers. Tihe hero of a crack British regiment, with his medals and clasps, Isad tlo-stand aside and look on at the antics of o0e of Spain's Jezacbel oficers. It was, Sir, an insult to the whole British army-au insult that he wiso gave it ouglht to be made to swallow-and an insult that every mua woman and child in Queensluand ought to resecntl. 1 well know it weas strongly felt by all who hIeard of it, but let me ask for a moment twho is.it would suppose that 1the perpetirator would in so short a time receive, as hie has done, the plaudits of the Brisbatie press-plcudits whiohl have gore the length of somie thing idiotic-- plaudits lwhich could emanate only from tile impure sources of a Brisbane eommunity. After all, perhbps, Isabella's Captain did .right, for altlhough, to use Sir George Bowen's expressions his get up may. he good,-his medal .would cut a sorry ifgura alongside ofa bit of British stuff; the com parison would put onle in mind of the crafr of a tinker to that of a goldsmith. No doubt this view of the case Isad everythling to do with thie result, and I would thilerefore ask is this thie man to be called the firse gentleman of Queensland, one whso has shown himself defieient of thie aocquirlments of On ordiiary dressing maid who, in the worn out dress of her mils tress, believes herself to be hier superior. Yours, lir. Editor, THE GHOST O P1ICTON. 