HOMEBUSH RACES. The Homebush Spring Meeting was brought to a close yesterday, with a fair attendance of the public, and is an excellent day's sport. The number of people on the course was considerably greater than it was on Saturday, and the racing mob almost as good. For the Corinthian Cup the field was reduced to two, Flii t and Comet, the former being the winners-. The Maiden Plate was regarded as a nice little certainty for the Earl, but Kaiser upon this occasion proved too much for him, and the representative of the " yellow and black had to be content with second place. Kaiser, by the way was ridden by Ramsey, who has, Recovered marvellously quick from the severe fall which he had on Saturday. The boy was loudly cheered as; he returned to scale. For- the Free Handicap Italian had been their reigning favourite at even money, until he was displaced yesterday by Karoola, about whom people took. 5 to 4 freely. Grey Momus, and even the' Moor, found supporters, but Young i Mormon was almost friendless, and even his t owner thought he had not " the ghost of a chance but "Ty You never can tell till the numbers are up," and in this > instance the despised outsider upset the certainty. Karoola I was > indifferently ridden, or he must have won it; and for that matter Young > Mormon might have been ridden better, for the boy began to U'iC his whip far > too early in the race. Grey Momus ran up very well at the finish, K -.-ji'un,! was nowhere, fho weight, the heavy ground, the iv 10in the pace at which the light-weight division travelled, I. was somewhat beyond his capabilities.- Young Mormon, . may remain k, was ridden by Finn, the boy who had charge of one of the horses, and who was injured at the late railway accident at the Sydney pillion. The Earl was scratched for the Birthday Stakes, which left a field of Duco; and the winner was found in Sailor Boy, who had not much difficulty in deposing of the pretensions of Camel and Blubber. The Hcltor Skelter produced a dead beat between Gardiner and African, which was run off, the former prov- ing the e, ill or. Thus the meeting, which in a racing point of view v as one of the most successful that ever took place at Homebush this brought to a close. In our report of Saturday's racing we omitted to mention that in the Derby the rider of the Earl i Ashworth) lost one of his stirrup irons, and but for this accident he feels confident that he would have won the race easily. We should also stated that the steeplechase was just about three miles instead of two, as stated in the programme With this by way of preliminary, we append a more detailed account of the racing. First Race The Corinthian Cup of 40 sovereigns in specie, added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovereigns each, for all horses. Winner of a prize value over £50, 5 lb. extra; of £100, 7 lbs. extra : of £200, 14 lbs. extra. Non prof sessional riders 11 mile. Sir It. Rouse, junior's, gr f Flirt, 4 years, lost 5 lbs (Mr, Terry) .. 1 Colonel Waddy's br g Comet, aged, 11st 7lbs (Lieutenant Churchill) 2 Betting 2 to 1 on Flirt. The pair got off together and ran side by side up the straight running and to the turn down hill, where the mare went to the front ; she increased her lead up the hill along the back stretch, but on approaching the half-mile post the Colonel's horse closed up, and there was every probability of a good race home. The pair were within a length or two of each other as they entered the straight running, there Court's rider pulled out his whip, and it was then seen that the mare had the race in hand. Comet continued the struggle to the post, where he was about a length behind the mare, who won hard hold. Second Race. - The Homebush Maiden Plate of 75 sovereigns, added to a sweepstakes of 5 sovereigns each, for all maiden horses, under the A. J. C. conditions 12 mile. l Mr. E. Cobcroft's gr o Kaizer, 3 years, 7 st 12 lbs, 3 lbs over- weight (Han-pay) .... .... 1 Tait's ch c The Earl, 8 years. 7 st 6 lbs (Coker) .... ... 2 IV. Winch's b g Bungabee, 5 years, 8 st 7 lbs (Bishop) 3 , Betting : 5 to 4 on the Earl, even money against Kaiser, 5 to 1 ngninBt Bungabee. The three appealed to get away upon equal terms with each ethergram immediately after the start. The Earl was taken to the front. He led up past the stand followed closely by Kaizer, Bungabee being a couple of lengths behind the grey colt. Mr. Tait's colt continued his lead down the hill, but on ascending the other side Kaizer closed up and at the back of the course went to the front and led by two lengths. After passing the half-mile post The Earl made his effort and closed upon Kaizer but could not pass him. At the distance post the boy upon The I Earl pulled out his whip and plied it vigorously, but to no purpose, as the grey colt came away and won easily by a length untouched by" whip or spur. Bungabee a bad third. Time, 2 minutes 55 seconds. Third Race The Free Handicap of 5 sovereigns each for acceptors, with 60 sovereigns added. Once round. Mr. D. C Jones's br g Young Mormon, 6 years, 6 st 12 lbs (Finn) J W. Winch's ch g Karoola, 5 years, 0 at 12 lbs (Sher ringworm) .... .... .... 2 T. Ivor>'e ctr g Grey Momus, 5 years, 6 st 6 lbs (J. Brown) 3 Tait's br of The Italian, 4 years, 6 st S ¡bu. ' De Clouett's bl (t The Moor, 5 years. 7 st 4 lbs. J. Scatb, jun's, br g Bracelet, aged, 7 st 9 lb. C. Yorke's cb g Cupid, aged, 6 st 6 lbs Betting: 5 to 4 against Karoola, 6 to 4 against Italian, 5 to 1 against Grey Momus, G to 1 each against Young Mormon and the Moor. The start for this race was not quite so good as some of the preceding races, and the favourite got rather the worst of it, having the outside i mining. Most of the horses were I all together as they passed the stand, and then Young Mormon began to take a prominent position and at the turn down the hill he had the lead, and next to him was Karoola, the others being well together in the rear. As they ascended the hill the leading pair, Young Mormon being a length in advance of Karoola, increased the gap be tween them and the ruck and it seemed that they weregoingto have the race to themselves, but at the back of the course Grey Momus, who had been running side by side with the Italian and the Moor, went forward and decreased the distance between him and Karoola. Then Bracelet made his effort and collared and passed the Grey, but could not reach the favourite. At the half-mile post, Young Mormon's jockey began to ply his ship, and as the boy upon Karoola fat still it appeared that he had the race in hand ; but all up the straight running the pair raced neck and neck, Young Mormon's jockey still flogging, While Karoola's rode as though he could win the race at any moment. In this he was mistaken, and making his c fieri too late, Young Mormon defeated him on the post by a head. Grey Momus was third, several lengths away, while Italian was completely beaten off. Time, 2 minutes 39 seconds. Fourth Race The Birthday Stakes of 50 sovereigns each, with. 50 sovereigns added, for three-year olds to be handicapped. Winner of the Homebush Derby to carry 5 lbs. extra. Second, 2 lbs. extra. li mile. Mr. Cobcroft's b c Sailor Boy, 7 st 12 lbs (Ramsey) ." ... 1 J. Matthew's bro- Cornet, 7 st 4 lb, (Green) ... ," 2 Ryan's ch c Blabber, 7 st 4 lb, (J. brown) .... 3 Betting : Even on Camel, 2 to 1 against Sailor Boy, 5 to 2 against Blabber. The thief got away together, and so raced for a couple of hundred yards, when Sailor Boy showed in front, attended by Camel, Milk Blubber in the ear. This order was main- ~ turned up past the stand, down the hill, and to the back of the course, where Carne, pulling double, went up to Sailor Boy. At the half-mile post Blabber made his effort, and from this point the race was a very pretty one, Sailor Boy and Camel contending for first place, and Blubber a short distance in the rear. Eventually Sailor Boy proved himself the better horse, and came up the course with strong lead, which he held to the post. Blabber fell off, and finished on indifferent third. Time, 2 minutes 56 seconds. Fifth Race The Heifer Skelter of 1 sovereign each, with 20 sovereigns added, 10 st. each. Winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race for 20 sovereigns. J mile. Mr. P. Kelly's b g Gardiner (Kelly) .... ," Tl T. West's br h African (Martineer) ... ". ... +2 Freeman's b guard James (Gallagher)... 3 Woodcock's gr m Dolly. \+ Dont heat. Betting: even on African, 3 to 2 against Gardiner, 2 to 1 against Hard Times, 10 to 1 against Dolly. All four jumped off together. The black horse was the first to show in front, and next to him Miss Gardiner, the other two being outpaced from the start. African held a slight lead down the hill, but when they entered the straight running Gardiner was up to him, and a neck-and-neck race all up the course resulted in a dead heat. Hard Times wife and third, and Dolly pulled up. Time, 1 minute 22 seconds. The dead heat was run off twenty minutes afterwards, Gardiner being the favourite at 10 to 7- The black horse again jumped off in front, but close to his girths was Gardiner, and another fine race between the two took place up to the distance post, where the favourite went to the front and won a good race by a length. Time, 1 minute 25 seconds. The winner was put up at auction, and bought in for £26. This was the last event upon the card, and the people on the course at once made a move homewards. The general settling will take place at the same time that the prizes are paid over, which we believe will be to-morrow evening. 