j I BOUAGHTON VALE. il.Teum rocent meeting of theo Mutual Improve. mant Society is well worthy of public notice. It took place on tho evening of Monday, the SOtlrnlteno. There was a crowded audience, of which tbohe ladies constituted n fair propor. to4. Theo chair was occupied by the presi dent, Mr. Thomas Boyco; and the minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. Mr. Joseph Sproule was unanimously elected a hember of the institute. Tile president thon read tbhe programme for next mooting; and after the subject for debato hoad eeoo settled, called ,on the: gentlemen who had been ap pointed to tatke part in the proceedings of the evbning.-Mr. Donald Robinson gave a select reading on the advantages of" I'Phllantorphy," whloli was very well received,-Mr. William Morrow thoun read a selectlon from " Austra lian Capers,' by Old Boomerang, called "Tim Rafferty, or the Cow's Ghost'" The peculiar humour of this pico caused considerable amuseniont.-Mr. Robert Tindal recited a poem, entitled "Matrimonial Conversatioln," whlch*was evidently interesting to the whole audience.-Mr, John Roblnson next gave a re citation, entitled, "Tho slave ship." , The poem was of considerable length, which he (Mr. Robinson) went through with great freeoo. dom and oaso.--The essay was prepared by Mr. William Gray, "On th' causes and effects of war.', It was carefully written, and well delivored. The mooting soomed'to appreciate the lino of reasoning pursued.-Tho president called on the debate; tho question being, " Oan a hobristian consistently become a sollier ?" Mr. George Thompson opened the debate in the afmirmativo, dwelling on the negative anr guments in favour of his position, tliat wlien our Lord healed the Centurion's servant hie never once intimated the inconsisteonoy of the profession of a soldier. Ho also brought for ward many other Biblical arguments to sup his views, and closed a speech of conisiderable length and force by expressing his conviction that thoro is no inconsistenoy with Christian rinciple in thebo profession of the soldicr.-Mr. William Miyno led in tho negative. ni thought it unohristltn to dostroy lifo; and hold that it was against the Gospol law " Love your enemies." The wara of the Old Testa mont should not be used as arguments for war under thb present dispcnsation ;. for no details of wars are given in the Now Toestamoent. HIe urged the advantages of Christian prlinciples bdecomlng universal amoigi modern natiois.- Mr. Joseph Tindal viewed the question as affecting modern rathller than anolont warfare; and while hieoandomuod aggressive ware, lie considered defensive wars were quite consis. tent with the profession of Chrlstianity.-Mr, John Wilson thought the principles of war and of the Gospel did not coalesce; yet the pro. f'ssion of arms was ~eoassary to maintain our liberties, 'religion, properties and llvee.-llo felt induced to take part with the afilrmative. -Mr. Win. Cooko and Mr. Win. Gray sup ported' tho amlrmatlo.--Mr. Cook, a visitor from thoboxground, took the negativb view, and arguod that war is opposed to the spirit of the Now Teostnmont.--Isaers. . M offltt and T. H. Davoy spoke ably ini favour of the aflr mativo.-'Tho president, Mr. Doyeo considered tbo arguments on botl sides had boon very good, Heu spoke at souno length ih reviewing the question, and concluded by saying that he felt bound, under tlihe preselt oircumstances of Chrlatianlty ansd the world, to support the aflrmativo.-Mr, Thompson, in.reply, urged the conclusiveness of his previous arguments. -After a few. further remarks from Mr. Mayno, in the negative, the question was put to the voto, and carried in the affirmative by a considerable majority,-The President an. nouncod tllat tho nyxt mooting will be hold on the evening of.the 28th inst.-Tho mooeting ,' was then brought to a closo by slnging thio National Anthem, ... ? r . 