MISCELLANEOUS. (From American Papers.) THEY have a Dogberry in Brooklyn in the shape of Justice Cornwell. A fellow was brought before him, charged with an attempt to pick a lady's pocket, he having been caught in the act. After hearing tag positive evidence against himself, the prisoner was about to plead guilty, when the Justice cried " Stop !" and, turning to the plaintiff, inquired, "Was there anything in your pocket, ma'am?" Her reply was " No 2" when, turning to the prisoner, Dogberry continued : " You may go ; if there was nothing in the pocKet, no undue n«?^._"s""^ 2 Under this do brine, an empty-headed man might be assaulted Owl un punity. A Southern Conservative journal says ?-<. A great many papers in the South, and some in the North are endeavouring to prove that General Grant is a fool. We have too high a respect for the genius of Lee, Johnson, Bragg, and Beauregard to believe it. Indeed, we have heard his pot-metal howl at times when we have thought that he was entirely " too smart." Two gentlemen had a smoking match in New York the other evening. One human chimney consumed twelve cigars and a quarter from 8 to 12oz, The less enterprising only got through ten and a half. The difficulty of the foolish feat of the winner depends very much on the strength and size of the cigars. A match to see which could smoke the slowest would be much more reasonable at the present price of tobacco. New York paper states that at a recent funeral service in the lecture room of Mr. Beecher's church, a lady discovered that her pocket-book was missing, and communicated her loss to two lady friends who sat near her. This led to an examination of pockets, which revealed the missing wallet, minus the money, in the pocket of one of the friends of the victim. This must have been the work of a?, expert. House rents are so exorbitantly high in New Orleans that a " grasping landlord " advertises to let *' a splendid hogshead, just vacated by the former occupant, who leaves it for no fault. The premises are a sweet location for a family with young children, are in thorough repair, with bunghole centrally situated, and hoops in good order." Common brass clocks may be cleaned by immersing the works in boiling water. Rough as this treatment may appear, it works well whenever they stop from an accumulation of dust or thickening of oil upon the pivots They should be boiled in pure rain water, and dried on a warm stove or near the fire. The new Chassepot rifle has cost the French army 20,000,000 dollars thus far. Russia, for the Reming- ton rifle, has paid 22,000,000 dollars, and Austria 16,000,000 dollars. Great Britain has paid 1,000 90s dollars for the new Snider rifle. Its first cost is less than that of the Chassepot, but it is ultimately dearer, owing to the expense of its cartridges. Hendrik Conscience, the celebrated Flemish story-teller following the example of Mr. Dickens, is recit- ing his own tales in Amsterdam just now, to crowded and gratified audiences. Now, we suppose, like our Treasury Department, he will be bothered with conscience money. Mr. Spurgeon defends the system of replacing the present sectarian system of English schools with a purely secular one. He says that " village lads could generally carry in a hollow tooth all the religion they receive at the charity schools," High Church parties think Spurgeon is spurgin too much. Hayes City, Kansas, may be thus summarised: 400 whisky dealers sell drink to the other 100 inhabitants. Services on Sunday consist of draw poker, monte, and fare. Amusements free, consisting of burglaries and cold-blooded murders on the streets. Courts are not yet organised, but hangings are frequent. General Brisbin, who is writing "Grant Papers" for the Cincinnati Gazette, relates that at a clam lunch in California he once asked the General (then Captain Grant) how he liked claims. The latter dryly replied that he thought them a very good substitute for " gutta percha oysters." An inventive genius in England advertises " noises less beats," which are especially recommended to clergymen, physicians, and barristers. Why clergy- men should be included in this category it would be difficult to say. In churches it is the people rather than the person who offend the ear by their creaking boots. English papers report the detection of three Spanish ladies " of the very highest distinction " in the act of stealing a quantity of gloves, silk stockings, per- fumery, and other small articles from a store in Paris. They were a mother and two daughters. The first was locked up and the others allowed to go home. A correspondent of an English paper proposes to settle the Irish question by a plan similar to that of the " marriage fund association." He wishes the Government to offer a bounty to every person of Irish descent who marries one of English or Scotch ances- try, and a premium of 10 dollars for every child born of such marriages. A young man, newly married, jumped from the boat at Fall River, Mass., after it had started for Providence, recently, as he had forgotten to tell his wife of his intention, and was fearful of the consequences if he should depart without doing so. He managed to swim ashore and afterwards fish out his bat and cause. T. Tilton recently said that Michigan was J sitting with her fingers on her forehead, pondering the question, ' Is the negro a man ?' " " She now sits,' says the Boston Post, " with her thumb on her nose, gyrating the aforesaid finger at T. Tilton." Some bold robbers of Hungary lately turned off the gas in the railroad station at Szegedin, just as a night train entered it, seized, gagged, and bound the post office agents, and stole the whole mail. There is no trace of the perpetrators of this audacious outrage. It is reported that a party of treasure diggers are at work in the vicinity of Nashville. That may well excite astonishment in Tennessee, for from the accounts of the Press in that State nothing has been left there, either to dig or to steal. There are a hundred writers in magazines and newspapers, from Grant's own father to General Bris- bin, who are constantly adding to our stock of knowledge about Grant, and to Grant's stock of knowledge about himself. James Ferguson, of Barnett, At., new ninety-seven. years old, a native of Scotland, is in vigorous health and unimpaired intellect, and works every day. via wears a coat whose cloth was woven 190 years ago in Bushlivat, Scotland.. Two men lately obtained a license to marry the same woman in Mississippi. The successful rival was shot by the disappointed, who also thrashed toe minister who united the couple. , Thurlow Weed says the chairmanship of the Dickens banquet belonged to Mr. Greeley, as the senior city editor of New York, and denies that he absented himself because the honour was not conferred on him. .". . -i The ghost of a woman killed on an Illinois rail- road is said to haunt the scene of the casualty, and the accessories of a spectral train and l,ôcPm°ïlv°.°*! not wanting. H it would have some of the directors the effect would be finer. straw than The grasshoppers have hatched out thicker than ever on the prairies of Iowa. Neither ram, fire, and, nor frost seems to affect the constitution of these insects. They are said to be very tough lo-oustonwre.., 