CHRI3TCHUBCEL SCHOOLROOM. On Saturday afternoon. September 26, the foundation-storm of a schoolroom in connection with Christchwrch was laid " by Mrs. Hamlcy at North Adelaide, in the p-esence of a large number of ladies andgentlemeu. The site of the proposed new schoolroom is on a plot of land in Jeffcott street, immediately" opposite the church. The building itself will be of a neat design; its dimen sions 60 x30 feet in the interior, and 25 high. It is to be const! ueted of rubbie-stooe, with brieve dressings; the principal entrance, which wilt be from JdScott-street, will haven porch and verandah, with a three-light window above, and at the sooth east angle there will be a wooden bell-cote spire. The "contractor, Mr. G. Brailey, lias taken the work rtt about £930. and expects to have.it com pleted in three months. 3Hse following financial statement was issued by the Building Committee:— . Tender for new building, as accepted ^including gas and water and usual Architect's commission) £1,:0I6 0 0 Paid for land 162 5 S Estimated cost of ferms, &c; 50 0 0 d£l 228 5 8 Proceeds of bazaar held in 1866 £63711 4 Subscriptions 819 6 Estimated pioceeds from sale of pre sent schoolroom 90 0 0 Deficiency 491 14 10 £1,228 5 8 "The Committee hope to meet this deficiency by collectionscnade at the iayingof the foundation stone and at the opening of the school; by a bazaar, proposed to be held fe the early part of nest year; and by subscriptions, which will be thankfully received." The place'was gaily decorated with flags for the occasion, end His lordship <£he Bishop, accom panied by His Excellency the Acting Governor and Mrs! Hamley, and a number of ladies, entered the enclosure at the time appointed. There were also present the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, the Dean, Kev. Canon Farr, and the Bevs. D. J. H. Ibbetsoe, W. B. Andrews 'G. Dove, S. Green, E. A. Jenkins, T. R. Neville, S. Poltitt, H. M. Pollitt, and F.'Garrett. The children of tbe Sunday-; school "marched to the spot in procession wi&; their banners, and after 'the ceremony was over ■ escorted His Lordship and Mrs. Short back te| Bishop's Court. The service was commenced by singing the; 164th Hymn. The J22ud Psalm was then chanted, and prayer was. offered by the Ardk deaccn. The 127th Psahn having been chanted, Mrs. Hamlet came forward, and was presented by«ne of the architects (Mr. Hamilton) with am elegant silver trowel bearing a suitable inscription. The customaiy formulas were then observed,-anH. the stone lowered into its place, Mrs. Hamley declaring it to be well and truly" laid, usicg'ihe words, "In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation-stone, iu the name of the Father, the Son, and the Hoiy Ghost." A bottle was placed beneath the stone contain ing the usual articles and the following document:— '"The foundation-stone of OhrLstaiiureh School ■was laid in the name-of the Father, and of the Son, -•and of the Holy Ghost, on Saturday, the 26th day -of September, a.d. by Mrss."*H.amley. wife of ♦His Excellency the Acting Governor, in the 32nd ryear of the reign of<£jueen Victoria, in the £2o(l of ■the Episcopate of Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide, and in the 32nd of the foundation of the •colony; Colonel Hamley, 5'ith Regiment (Queen's Own) being Acting Governor of this province; 'Charles Marryat, XL A., Archdeacon of Adelaide, being Incumbent rtf Cbristchnrch; J. Winnal], J. JS. Bellbouse, Wardens; T. W. Mitchell, P. Wick Steed, H. Gawler, Sidesmen; F. J. Sanderson, Bath, W. A. Hughes, and G. Young, Synodsmen; the Lord Bishop. XL fllacDermott, H. Gawler, W. Hartley, F. J. Sanderson. Trustees. Of this Echool Archdeacon Marryat, Messrs. F. J. Sanderson, J. Winnall, J. S. Ksllhonse were the Building Com mittee; Messrs. 'Wright, Woods, & Hamilton, architects; G. Bradley, builder. God bless the Church. God save the Queen.'" Prayer was then-offered by His Lobdshx?. While the 229th. Hymn was being suue a collec tion was made en behalf of the huildiug fund, realizing about £31. Prayer was again oKered by the Abchdeacok, -and the 222nd Hymn—" Eternal Father, strong to save"—haviug been sung. The Bishop remarked that he had double cause for thankfulness en that occasion, because of the arrival of those ^dearest to him, and ttisir de liverance from peril on the sea," and also because of the auspicious circumstances under which they were assembled to lay the foundation stone of a school which might be the means of instructing future generations of young Aus tralians in those principles which alone could secure them the "promise of the life that mow i--, as well as of that which is to come." Godliness was the foundation of happiness, and without this there was no goodness. 13 e did not believe in tbe J tower of intellect without goodness to impart lappiness or worMlv success. He then aSiuded to the words of the.4.22nd Psalm, which prayed for the "peace of Jerusalem and plenteousness within her palaces." What was this world without peace within and peace without, and how could they expect any plenteousness of blessings upon their efforts, temporal or spiritual, uuless "the peace of God" rested in their hearts. He feasted such would be tliehlessed result of that day's work in founding the -school. "He whose voice the waters beam" and were stilled inta peace could impart that same peace fulness to the troubled spirits of men, and he trusted that God who had protected his wife and daughter on the -ocean waves would give "the peace which passeth understanding" to all those assembled there. He hoped, too, that plenteous ness of grace and blessing would attend the labours of love within those walls, and that plenteousness of earthly blessings-would follow on the abundance of God's grace shed abroad there. He did not believe in prosperity founded on anything but the fear and love of «}od, and he trusted that the children there instructed in divine wisdom vrould prosper even "as their souls prospered" under the ministry of him who, under the providence of-God, had been placed over the spiritual charge of this parochial district. His LobdsbiF then-pronounced the benediction, And the assemblage dispersed after three cheerefor Mrs. Hamley. 