Civ i M E-ii B O DEN-E; v(i : 1 11 ' TriioM' otiri own correspondent. ' : . ' Saturday, August 22. _ i ')We)haye;had hEss'Braddoris novels with their startling' arid,' atrtlie first blush, extravagantly sensational) and fictitious incidents, and we have had'tlie ingenious Frenchman insuring a' life in France, "and then' soine eighteen, months after wards. burying - an empty coffin,' and by artifice and other means getting the requisite documents to enable him .to claim ,on the policy ; bu a' ense lias, come . to my knowledge which is quite as ) sensational as any of them, whether true: or fictitious.'/ At present the particulars cannot he divulged, hut the cool, calculating, and persistent exercise of/ womanly, craft and : ingenuity and more than woinanly daring which will be one day disclosed will1 furnish materials -for a story of no slight interest. Tlie name of a gentleman at one time!a.'resident"of Castlemaine has beoriused in such )an elaborate scheme of deception that when (discovered it placed the gentleman in question in possession of his oivii' obituary card, and a full truo.and> particular account of his decease, by an ,acbideri in Sydney, where lie liad riot been for.a number of years. Tho object of course, yvas money, and tlie consummate: skill ivhich aDpenrs to have been exercised has effectually deceived the unsuspecting Victims 1 of a woman's/ decep- tiori. ' - 1 ' : .-.it ) , !A new territorial magistrate) Mir John TiniriiSi of -Mount-' Hesse, Oridit, took 'the ' usual oaths tcridajr) before His Honour Judge Molesworth.1 : 11 t xne, aisnnguisneu iqreigner. wno lias lately been patronising the New South Welsliriien. had, i it appeal's, hoforo -.omharidrig ,for.) ?' j' known," in "his "splendid yacht, " given somo I .of ;tlie ; Queenslanders a; taste of. his ,)generqus condescension. This is the latest about liim from 'the ' Cleveland Bay Express':-'! -Airiongst the new arrivals this week wo have the; pleasure of announoing'- that of Count Von Atens. This nobleman is taking a J tour for pleasure) 1 and arrived - hero- on -Monday; tasti/inhiS'Spleiidid yiicht 'Hamlet's Gliost.' . "niiabeaiitiful' little vessel is without) exception hp) prettiest' model we 'remember to liaveVeen oii our waters). The Count last .evening entertained, several i of our leading townsmen with a; supper- at Wilts Hotel," after which- it. mayi ,be/addedT-Hamlet's!,Ghost van ished, Count tuid.tdl))) .. ..... - ....... ... A ruriiour amoiintirig' to another clerical scan dal refi.che.dmo lq)day.: bul'for the truth1 of which I . cannot youchr1 A marriage took :place: somo time' ago ;iii Melbourriei'/but.a inonth /after "tlio celebration of. the nuptials, tlio husband' found to his,,intense. disgust that his (wifo ' was;, encierilc. Upon being taxed with .her deceit) hie "unfortu nate-; woman- confessed , that- some Jmqnths. 'before the marriage she had been seduced by tho revo- rend- gentleman who tied ffie riuptial: knot: ; ' Tlio indignant husband at ouce ;commrinica'ed :,ivith the gu'l)s father, who thereupon proceeded 'to'thd minister's house, arid relieved1 rhiB (feelings)1 "by. ..smaBhirig in tlie windows thereofv- ond/rioirig other daniage. I hear to-day ' that !tlie'cleri'6al geritlomdri to avoid on expose is about to'.siart for New Zealand. ') ':');5r ";'.) :j For some time past Mr John Bryan's. Indian styptic has been before I ho public). asaippio7of convorsatioiii all being, as it Avere 'a.iriatterof hearsay, and to-day, on the invitation :of Mr B., a largo number of representatives, oft ho press met nt the Haymarket to witness some experiments with lie " curative." Three fowls woro"subjected to the treatment — an opening being made in tho ) neck and a blub vein selected, in' the 'absence of competen anatomists, in the neck as the jugular, 1 itrivas' cut, and blood in each case flowed rapidly, hut was instantly' stopped or conciliated by tho i application of the " Lon hliund k tliale," wliat- ; ever tlint may menu. Tho first fowl appeared i rather to like the venisectory treatment, and took I to' his maize immediately after the operation, much !tortlib' amazement of tho witnesses to the foul treatment, in an anatomical point of view, to j which he had been subjected. Tlio other two experiments were more satisfactory, a vein in tho | neck having been severed, and afforded a eonsi- i dorable flow of blood, the styptic was applied, and I tho birds fell into a state of coma, a " faint " from | which the exhibitor of the curative affirmed with : confidence that they would in a few hours recover I and appear in their usual vigour, 'flic expori- ) mentees will bo visited to-night at 10 p.m. by an , nppointcd gentleman, wlio will report on their , condition. There is certainly something won derfully styptic in tho preparation, but before ox- pressiii" any decided opinion on the matter, I should like to see its effect upon hemorrhage of a moro exteusivo character, such for instance us tho larger animals— n sheep, or bullock. It is assorted that it is a most wonderful curative in its effect upon soresorotwT1 81 penments will I triI V le, '"Junes. more satisfactorily devclon ?ade' W# 9 Much has heeii fi!m n ! 3 Value' Sti" 9 tlio extraordinary com Vntten'«alli; 9 other faculties in the eZ 0rt !DR 9 tunately deprived of that nL ,S(Mvl>o«re J 9 sight, and apropos of the S -t!t blessine 9 tion for tho blind, I ninv of 8 of the above fact the cas?oUU in 8 son of a mercantile pontlem!, y?u,lR raj j? 9 goes about town as freely ami IolboWid « other people on business a m"8 quic% as ,!)! 8 for 17 years his eyes am "?gh fiS I ai-e aware that it is a Winn sei> 50 thai r H liis vay _ along tho busy Mk - 8 commercial accounts to IIc idivJ 1 with unerring acourucv i r„ 0Use'. to sti the stroet tl, Mother U. WlS I did not stop nor make "any 6ign )leU? .tlle latter 11 father in the evening of their hi en>lnilftl ti H not long since undertook tlie n |0i!ig Ih 8 blind man across the busy streeu tf a anollf"' 8 he applicant for such aid not beinl 1 he was seeking assistance from "L"!7?6"'" - M under tlio same disability. . DmL laboS If sudden turn of a vehicle iebnaSi .',0"055! t)iesuperiordiScernmentJ7fnS!r)i,rai b« I man raved them from accident f 11,6 W&g; 8 