TÏIE SEPTEMBER MAGAZINES. Place aux étrangères; and first to the Rivista Contemporánea, which sees the light in the stateliest street of Turin. The présent number opens Avith a carefully-weighed and earnestly-written article on the present situa- tion in Europe, in which the writer contends that it is both tho duty and thfi interest" of Italy to ally herself with Prussia, in the event of France malting AA'ar with that power. Poland should bo reconstituted, Turkoy in- corporated with Greece, Austria enlarged by the annexation of the Danubian Principali- ties, France endowed with the Rhenish Pro- vinces, Rome absorbed by Italy, and an im- passable line of demarcation drawn around the European frontiers of Russia. Such is the programmo of Italy ; Avhilo the island of Corsica is to bo ceded to tho Pope, in com- pensation for the loss of the Eternal City. Thus, it is argued, will Europe bo delivered from that armed peace which involves an annual expenditure of £120,000,000 storting, lobs industry of the services of -1,000,000 of men in the flower of life, and exhausts the. sources of national Avealth and welfare. A memoir of Arnold of Brescia pays a just tri- bute of admiration to the character of one of the most ardent champions of political liberty in the mediaeval ages. An essay on the limits of political economy, by Dr. Andre, of Pisa, exposes some of the errors of Say, and points out the want of lucidity and precision in some of the definitions of the most im portant terms employed by economists. Tbe learned professor anticipates that the science is destined to enter upon a new stage of de- velopment so soon as its first work shall have been accomplished—that of breaking down all fiscal barriers and destroying all privileges ; and that it will then become one of the speculative sciences, proud of its past triumphs, and rejoicing in its motto, Laissez faire, laissez passer, which is justly reputed to be the first principle of all true political eco- nomy. Somo unedited documents relating.to Morone, the last High Chancellor of the last Duke of Milan, in the first half of the six- teenth century, aro interesting to Italian readers only ; and the same may bo said of the reports of tho jurors on the Exposition at Turin. Besides a continuation of the Odes of Horace rendered into the Tuscan dialect, there is a musical poem in honour of Beatrice, read at tho first literary festival of tho Dante Alighieri Society, held in Florence on tho 17th of May last. The charm of tho poom, hoAvevor, consists rather in its expression, than its thought ; and as you read it, ' you cannot help asking Avhether tho pos scssion of so plastic and assonant an instrument as the Italian language is not more of a temptation to verbal artifice than a serviceable medium for tho conveyance of elevated ideas on the part of most modern poets ? It satisfies the car, but leaves 'tho mind ungratified. Wo gather from the literary notices that there has just been pub- lished in Milan a splendid edition of Dante, in threo volumes quaito, Avith an oncyclo piedic commentary j Avhilo from Assisi there has been issued an autobiography of TÛllio Dándolo, tho son of that illustrious cha- racter whom Napoleon pronounced to bo one of tho only two great men to bo met with in Italy, the other having been Mclzi. An article, of which the seasonablenosa is not less obvious than its interest and value, appears in the .Revue des Deux Momies for the 15th of August. It is fiom tho pen of M. Marc-Monnior, and is styled "Italy at Work . from 18C0 to 18G8." It shows that there is an industrial renaissance taking place in, the Italian peninsula, and brings togethor a mass of authentic information with respect to Avhat is being dono or what is projected, for tho economic progress of the country. In agriculture, commerco, national instruction, public works, and political activity, the newly-created kingdom is putting forth some of its best energies, and Avith its unequalled advantages of soil, climate, and geogiaphical position, Italy bids fair to resume a foremost position among European nations. M. Biunouf prosecutes his inquiries Avith respect to tho science of religions, and having traced them to their geographical ceutie, and shown the unity of tho primitive theory Avhich underlies them all, ho proceeds, to examino the causes of tho diversity of ciocds, churches, and communions, A souie Avhat paiallel investigation is commenced in. the present number by M. do Saporta, AVIIO occupies himself Avith the pioblom of man's origin and with the subsequent divisions of the human family, availing himself of tho aids afforded by the paleontology of language. M. du nailly gives his impres- sions of NeAvfoundland, founded upon a six months' lcsidcncc in that colony ; Avhilo tho mischievous consequences of tho war between Brazil and Paraguay aie forcibly oxposed in a masterly articlo by M. Reclus. An essay on tho ballad pootiy of Switzoilaud, somo moro of Georgo Sands' lively lettois of a traveller, the conclusion of M. Uchard's story of Jean do Chazol, and M. do Mazndo's chioniclo of the political events of the fortnight, completo tho table of contents. The last-named Avritor does not scruplo to remonstiato with the Ficnch Government on the repressive policy it is pursuing towards the press. By so doing, he observes, "it unwillingly gives importance to certain manifestations, and confors success Avheio it Avould fain rcduco to silence. It oficia tho singular spectacle of a hand-to hand duel engaged in by a GovornmontAvith an activo pon which Avounds neither Avith modeiation nor justice. In line, it doubles tho effect of roillciy by sliOAvingits own hypcr sensitiveness to it. And Avhon it shall happen to haA'c destroyed somo of tho adventurous soldiers of the mind, and to havo stilled ionio of the newly- established journals beneath a load of penalties, Avili it have advanced ono step '! Will it havo changed public opinion ? Opinion resists and is bhaipcncd by this kind of opposition. Nothing results fiom doing it violence. Liberty has no doubt its storms and its ennuis. It is better, aftor all, not to dread it, but rebolutely to accept its robust conditions, and to ai rango to live Avith it, moro especially as it will be difficult henceforth to livo without it. For tho Government it is no longer a question of opportunity only ; it is a question of necessity." It is a pity that tho practical sagacity of observations Uko these does not meet Avith tho sanio recognition and respect from tlie Imperial but impotent peisecutor of of M. Rochefort and La Lanterne, as they will obtain from ninoty-nino mon out of ovory bundled AVIIO lead tho Revue des Deux Mondes. The sixth of the historical akutches of tho îeign of Georgo theSecond, to which the placo of honour is aAvarded in Blackwood, deal» with tho character and career of the young , Pretender, Avhich aro touched upon in a. sympathetic spirit by a Avritor whoso emotions sometimes inspire him with eloquence, Avhilo they bias his judgment. Sir Waltor Scott would havo smiled approval upon the passage in Avhich the end of tho ill-fated chovalier ia narrated :-" Thoro sank a man in wreck and ruin Avho AVOS a noble prince when th» days were. If ho fell into degradation at the lost, ho Avas onco as gallant, as tender, as spotless a gentleman as over brculhod Eng- lish air or trod Scottish heather. And whoa tho spectator stands by Canova's marblo in the great ¡ Basilica, in tho fated land whoroj with all ¡the Ciosars, Charles Edward lias, slept for nearly a century, it io not the silver trumpets in tho choir, nor tho matchles* voices in their Agnus Dei, thal \iaunt the ear in tho silenco ; hut somo rud'<j long-drawn pibroch note, wailing over 1-And and sea wailing to earth audhcaven- -for a lost causo, a perished bouse, and, n-,ost of all, for tho darkening and shipwreck and ruin of a gracious and princ«)^ souL" The cream of the Baroness Bunocn'a memoir of her late husband is desirously skimmed off by a reviewer, and those who have not the leisure or the inclination to consult that voluminous work, will find a very fair epitome of it in the article under notice. Then comes a new serial story, entitled " Madame Aurelia ¡" fol- lowing which we have sundry commentaries upon the topics of tho day, by " Cornelius 0'Dowrl,"nwho naturally takes up tho cudgels against thosp who would disendow diplomacy, and insists, upon the utility of small missions and diplomatic training. Ho has something . to say, also.'upon the brazen images by which priblic men are caticatured in Englandi upon tho political and social transformation of Austria, and upon that " glutton of shame- I ' facedness, General La Marmora," who is cen- sured as vain and incompetent, and de- nounced as the easy dupe of the Emperor of j theFiench. The letters of a staff officer with ! the Abj'ssinian Expedition have been brought to a conclusion ; and no one will lament it. Finally, wo have a further instalment of that elaborate panegyric on Mr. Disraeli which denäonstrates the writer's devotion to his party rather than his independence and ju- dicial impartiality. In striking contrast with the last-named paper, is tho caustic attack, upon the same gentleman in Fraser, by a writer who applies to the "Caucasian champion of tho Church" a portion of Macaulay's scathing invective against Barere. The advocate? for the legal suppression of the sale of alcoholic liquors have enlisted one of tho ablest contributors to this magazine on their side. Ho mentions a few facts which will probably be as new to " the majority of our readers as they were to us. Ho says :-" In tho United States, the chief Of tho Senate, tho president of each House of Congress, and great numbers of tho most eminent peisons in the Northern States aro prohibitionists. So far has this gone that the halls of Congress are freely used for temperanco meetings, no opponent thinking it of any use to object. A senator may be in the chair, and senators around him on the platform. Nay, wo read in a lotter from AmericabyGcneralNealDow, that no member of Congress is allowed to get his customary glass of wine or spirits in the dining-hall ; aH such liquois being voted out of the entire building." An essay on the recent develop- ments of Protestantism enters into a caieful analysis of the modern critical movement, which it chaiacterises as " in some sense a reaction against, in somo sense a progress beyond, tho supremo error of ecclesiastical Protestantism in adopting at the Eefor mation tho dogma of infallible inspira- tion." Elsewhere the writer, adopting a figure of speech, obsorves that "modern criticism has recalled us to tho sim- plicity of religious truth, as contiasted with the hugo system-building of the theolo- gians." A ponderous article on the school and univeisity system in Scotland is mainly directed to expose the deficiencies of that system, in regard to supei vision, organisation, and inspection. The succeeding paper, which is both short and succinct, while it acknow- ledges tho substantial tiuth of the Darwinian theory as regards the lower animals, contends that natunfl selection foils in the case of mon, because the operation of the law is counteracted and suspended by our high civilisation, " Among savages, the vigoious and sound alone suivivo ; among us the diseased and enfeebled survive as well. . . The careless, squalid, unaspiring Irishman, fed on potatoes, living in a pig stye, doting on a superstition, multiplies bice rabbits or ephemera. The frugal, foreseeing, self-respecting, ambitious Scot, stern in Iris morality, spiritual in his faith, sagacious and disciplined in his intelligence, passes his best years in struggle and in celibacy, marries late, and leaves fow behind lum." This passage gives the key-note of tho writer's aigument, and both his data and his conclusions desei ve attentive study. The Cornhill appears to bo regaining some of its lost prestige, and although the articles in the present issue aio fow in number, they present a great diversity of subject, coupled with a uniformly sustained ability of treat- ment. Besides Mr. Lovor's story, and a clover novelette, there is an excellent essay on thoughtfulncss in dress, a vivacious sketch of the past history and present condition of pocket boroughs, anda vindication, by Mr. Macfarien, the composer, of tho musical tastes and capabilities of the English people. The disbelief in these ho declares to be a vulgar prejudice, springing from domostjc mistrust, rather than from foreign deprecia- tion ; and dating back about a century and a half. He takes a rapid survey of the history of music in the mother country, and shows thatjfromaperiodlonganteriortotheConquosi the English people were celebrated for theil musical proficiency ; that the art was sys tematically cultivated and universally popu Jar ; and that it was not until the early par of tho last century that the dark age o English music set in, its decline being con temporancous, strange to say, with the risi of an English school of pictorial art. Ac cording to Mr. Macfancn, the main obstacle to the iccovery of our character as a niusi cal people are-1. Tho popular fallacy tha the English language cannot bo happil; manicd to music ; and 2, the inofllcten rudimentary instruction commonly impartoi to artists and amateuis. In point of variety, as well as of litorar meiit, the articles in Putnam aro entitled t special commendation, Out of two-and twenty theiu is scarcely one that would dis credit a first-class periodical in Great Britain while wo might icier to Dr. Griinbaum' pleasant disquisition on proper names, to Mi Johnson's comprehensivo sketch of Frene journalism and journalists, and to the ir tcresting discussion as to the identity of th Rev. Eleazcr Williams with Louis the XVII as papers which ought not to be passed ovc hy tho desultory render, The last-name article is from the pen of tbo Rev. Franc; Tinton, of Trinity Church, New York; " gentleman," says tho editor, "whoso big chnractci ns a cleigyman and as a learne and logical investigator, will command t once tho most entire confidence in the in partial accuracy of his statements and grot respect for his conclusions." Tho array i «videnco which he pioduces in suppoit of h views is ceitainly very powerful, and it wi lead thoso who feel an interest in this vexc question to await with some eagerness ti publication of Princo Talleyrand's Monmir ns that diplomatist was cognisant of all ti eil cumstances connected with the abductic of the Dauphin from tho Temple, and mu have been acquainted with his destiuatioi "When tho Duke of Wurtemhuig was i America, he saw Mr, Williams walk across ti chancel of Grace Church, Brooklyn, and wi so much struck hy his countenanco that 1 exclaimed, " Who is that? Ho is a Bourboi Hcisthg image of Charles tho Tenth." also appeals that on submitting his should to tho examination of a brother clergyman: 1853, thcro was found a cicatrix, hithorto u known to and unsuspected by the bearor the sear, agieeing exactly in shape with th described by tho Duchesso d'AngoulGme, wl had said, when the claims of a pretender ho tho Dauphin had been rejected, th " when her brother Bhould bo discovorod, ho'wcro yet alive, there would be found on ti back of his shoulder, tho mark of tho lane in the shape of a crescent, which was mai there by the surgeon, at tho time of tho moe Intion of tho Dauphin, for the purpose identification." 'The existence of this sear i . Mr. Williams's shouldor was also testified by a certificate from Dr, Francis, a phyaicii of high repute. The Broaduxty has dropped its hybrid oh ractcr, andnow appears as* ft London magazi: at the orthodox price of onff shilling, with i excellent list of contributors, and four wo engravings, two of which aro oiTûcrablo. Jl Henry Kingsley and Miss Ani^m Thom have each commenced a serial st/wy > ^ James Honnay furnishes the first o/ ßT appreciative and well-written studies of Thackeray as a novelise, humourist, essayist, critic, and poet ; Wait. Whitman contributes some verses which are not much below Tupper ; Mrs. Lynn Linton (wo presume) is to ho credited Avitli the authorship of a paper entitled " Oursolvo3,"in which she sides with the Saturday Review in re the women of tho day; the Eev. Newman Hall writes a prosy description of his voyage from Liverpool to New York ; there is an opportuno sketch of M. Rouher ; and the residue of the articles in the current number aro up to tho average of mugazino Avriting now-n-days. There is some solid intellectual food, de- manding deliberate mastication and vigorous digestion, in the Fortnightly Review. Pro- fessor Bain contiibutes a dissertation on tho distinct operations of our intelligence, but dwells more particularly upon tho careful economy of the memory, relative to which ho offeis some advice, the utility of which Avili bo readily recognised by most students who havo reflected on tho subject. Dr. Parkhurst is energetic in contending for the right of women to voto under tho Reform Act of 18G7, basing his arguments on" the theorem that tho word "man,'' being generic, includes both man and woman. A very one-sided notice of John Wilkes, by Mr. Rae, says all that can be said in favour of his political principles, but leaves tho question of their insincerity and of his de- praved character almost untouohed. The philosophy of Comte and Buckle's theory of the science of history finds an ablo exponent and illustrator in an American contributor, who assumes as incontestable that social, Uko physical, changes conform to tried and ascer tainablo laAvs; and Avith moro confidenco and less reason declares that the ancient notion of an arbitrary Providence, over- ruling natural laws, and occasionally setting them, aside, influenced by human petitions to bring about special results by extraordinary means, and singUng out nations or individuals as tho objects of its favour or displeasure, has long been com- pletely abandoned. The editor's article on old parties and tho now policy discloses the not very hopeful view taken of tho coming Parliament by a certain class of thinkers in the mother country, According to Mr. Morley, the next House ot Commons will be an assemblage of golden mediocrities, dic- tated to by irresponsible and anonymous journalists, and entertaining a timorous re- pugnance to thoso cieative ideas Avhich the country most urgently requires. A poem by Georgo Meredith, and a continuation of Mr, T. A. Trollopc's Italian story, constitute the garnish of the present number. Particular attention deserves to be called to an article on " American Reconstruction," in St, Paul's. It is evidently from the pen of tho editor ; and as he has been from first to last opposed to the secession of the Southern States, lie Avili not be suspected of any undue leaning towards them. He shows that Avhile in the North the negro is virtually excluded from political life, in the South, where ho was yestorday a slaA'o, ho is to bo politically omnipotent-the ignorant master of tho educated white; this "foulest of political crimes " being perpetrated in order to maintain tho supiemacy of a dominant party throughout the Union. "There never has been a tyranny attempted," adds Mr. Trollope, "so Avide in its reach, and so cruel in its measures." And it is rendered additionally infamous by the fact of its being inflicted for the sake of a faction which finds nothing too corniptfor its political conscience, nothing too oxtravagant for its political ambition. "The Americans," he observes, "aro no longer proud of their public men. Asa peo- ple, thoy arc ashamed of their Congress. They declare openly that votes are bought and sold, The necessity for established agents between A'enal legislators and thoir clients has mado a new profession. AU. mon knoAV it, and tay it openly; and yet it is continued." Mr. Tiollope, it may be remembered, has just returned from on official visit to tho United States, and his statements with refcienco to this subject aro fully con- firmed by another writer; in this in- stance, an American, the author of an inter- esting series of papers published in Tinsley'8 Magazine, under the title of " English Photo- graphs." In a sketch of the Imperial Legisla- ture, ho asserts "that a direct bribe in money is exceedingly raro in the British Pailiament, and deplorably frequent in tho American Congress ;" Avhilo Congress itself, ho observes, " is in no respect so representativo a body as the English Parliament. All tho prominent men in England are woU educated ; there are very few educated men in Congress. . . . Tho learned men of America never thiuk of offering themselves for election. . . . Such a philosopher as Mr. Mill would become the editor of a weekly newspapor, and the founder of a now sect in America, for the doors of practical political life Avould be shut and haired against him." This, Ave repeat, is the testimony of an American wiitor. The only other noticcablo paper in the curren I number of Tinsley is a " savage and tartarly' criticism on Matthew Arnold's pootry. 01 fiction, there is moro than enough. Putnam's and tho Atlantic Monthly aro running a hard iaco for the first place in the monthly literature of the Eastorn States of America, although wo believe that the circu- lation of Harper's New Monthly is con Biderably in excess of that of both of its com- petitors put together. Its litorary contents, however, are much inferior to those of its younger rivals ; whilo wo observo with plea- sure that an Overland Monthly has been esta- blished in" California, and exhibits an amount of ability and vigour which may bo accepted as the piognosticof success. In tho Atlantic will bo found a paper which throws somo light on the physical phenomena to which the spiritualists attach so much importance, and which mayporhops assist in elucidating tho mysteiy of tho Cock-lane ghost. It details the case of an Irish girl, aged eighteen, who took service last year in a respectablo family in one of the larger towns of Massachusetts, and whoso rcsidonce in tho house was productivo of tablo rappings, the ringing of bells, and a genoral disturbance of the furniture and crockery. The writer of the article, who is a thorough sceptic with regaid to spiritualism, concoiving that the phenomona might bo occasioned by tho highly electric condition of the gill, who suffered from hystoria and som- nambulism, caused her bed, tho tablo at which sho sat, her chair, &c;, to bo insulated, and tho movements censed. A thoughtfully written paper on ideal proporty contains some cogent arguments in favour of copy wiighr. The following is well put:-"Tho ownership of body and soul is the founda- tion of liberty. The closer to thoporson, tho moro sacred the proporty. Reputo, goodwill, trado- mark, property in copy, invention, all How out from the porson to the public ; and the maintenance of their creator's property in them, and his exclusive control over them by act and deed, is only less important to the establishment of that personal and individual royalty or kinghood of each mombor of so> cicty which forms tho true foundation of a free government, than liberty of religious and intellectual thought and speech, and the right of each man to control his own manual labour." The advocates of total abstinence ought to be grateful to the author of the article entitled, "Will the Coming' Man Drink Wine ? " for wo have rarely'mefc with a moro tching and effective plea for the dis' use of all alcoholic liquors whatsoovor. After the moro solid'[faro served up a ti the monthly banquet of intellectual food, come tho dessert, made up to a .great extent oi candied fruits and lon- bons ; to which descrip tionof refreshments belong Belgravia, with its four fictions, !aU keeping well abreast ol each othor, arid its i interludes of fugitive verses and vapoury proso, and its redundance of illustrations ; tho Argosy, in which Mrs. Henry Wood is endeavouring to shoAV that she has inherited the mantlo of Anno Rad- cliffe ; St. James's, Avhich is also under the conduct of a lady novelist, who persists in introducing us to disagreeable peoplo, in whom sho succeeds hkowiso in in- teresting us, and Avho takes extremely un- comfortable and depressing views of human life and human nature ; Temple Bar, which wo shrewdly suspect r¡ under feminine ma- nagement, like the three magazines Avhich wo have just enumerated ; and London Society, which belongs to the mediocrities, and only now and then challenges attention by an article or a story written hy a contributor of repute. Of all this batch, Miss Braddon's venture has taken and kopt tho lead. In tho neAV story, "Bound to John Company,"tho writer conducts her heio to London-tho London of 1750-and depicts tho various fea- tures of its social life with the utmost vividness and realistic poAver ; while the dialoguo has a certain flavour of Smollett about it, and tho iucidents remind us of thoso which he and Fielding and Richardson havo famiUariscd usAvith. Equally good in its Avay, although dealing with another epoch and with other phases of character, is the stoiyof "Kitty," in Temple Bar. Its heroine is essentially " a girl of the period," and as much a reality as Becky Sharpe, or as the wife of Steven Law- rence, yeoman. And this reminds us that in an article which appears in the Broadway, and to which reference has beon incidentally made above, " A "Woman" assures her readers that the fast girls and frisky matrons who havo beon so soveiely scarified of late are no fictions, but loud and staring facts. "In the park," she says, "the streets, tho drawing-room, you see their painted cheeks, their dyed-red hair, and liberal ox panse of bust and back, and you hear their spicy talk, well-seasoned Avith slang, and always hovering about that doubtful line of topics at which bold men laugh and modest women blush. We may Avinco as much as Avo like, and flounce and flutter and dony, but the fact remains tho same. Hero, in the very heart of what is called good society - here, as tho companions of our daughters, the Avives of our brothors, the playfellows of our sons, and the fiionds of our husbands, is a sect of women, young and mature alike, who have taken tho Detail a? of the day for their models, and who paint, and diess, and talk, and make up their lives as near after tho pattern sot by thtir prototypes as is possible to them." This being so, she urges that the reproaches di- rected against those who expose and satirise these classes should be directed to tho women AA'ho provoke tho censure and invite tho satiie ; and claims as the faithfulest friends of heises the wiitors who have been so much abused for "traducing" tho girls and matrona who disgrace and degrado it. 