FUNERAL OP ARCHDEACON \'-> M'ENOROE. I " --- . - . Tho funeral of this good priest and oxeollent gen '.loman took place yoatorday, the ceremonies attending it being witnessed by an immonso oonoourse of peaplo. On Monday evening the body had bson removed from;. .St Patriot's Ohuroh.to tho tomporary cathodral of St Mary's, and thero lay in stats all night , About half post 0 o'clook yesterday morning the final o fl] cos wore performod, the building being crowded in ' every part The coffin, covered by ? a purple o'oth, on which a gold cup and jewels wore placed, stood in front of tho altar enclosure, and was sur- rounded by a numbor of lighted.tapers, , His. Grace the Archbishop in full canonicals, attended by Father Poupinel and tho Hov. Doan O'Oonnoll likowiso.robod, eaton a raisod throno to the loft of tho altar, tho five' bishops now in Sydney, allrohadin canonicals, occupy- ing a position opposite, and a large number of priests ? sitting in front of tho altar ; the wholo forming a most impressive spcctaolo. Seated thus, tho priests chanted a solemn dirge, accompanied by all the impressive ceremonies of tho Church, the choir occasionally joining in with . eficot This concluded, a Ilequiem Mass was por for mod, the celebrant being the Vorv Iteverond the Vicar General, assisted by Father Garavel (Bean,) and Father Garvoy (Sub-Bean), , The celebration of the mass was marked by tho most impressive solemnity. Those present wero moved to tears, and nothing, save the grave voieo of tho celebrant and tho ohorus of tho priests, was hoard amid all' the vast assemblage At certain intervals tho ohoir chanted the " Boquiem," Mrs. Cord nor and another lady, whose name wo could not ascertain, singing a portion with .wonderful pathos Mr. Oordnor, organist at St Mary's Cathedral, and Kr. Horsloy, acting organist of St Patriok's, conducted tho musical arrangements; tho foamer leading the Requiem, and Mr. Horsley playing.with his visual skill Beethoven's " Grand Funeral March,", and Handel's "Bead March in Saul." Upon the termination of the mass, Father Bigney SBOendod tho pulpit and pronchod a short hut impres- sive funeral sermon from the text " I heard a voice < from Heaven, bloused aro tho dead who die. in tho Iiôrd, henceforth t hoy eh si I rest from their labours." Tho reverend priest, in alluding to the great calamity whioh had befallen them in the death of tho late Aroh doaeon, referred to his -virtues in ' terras thnt-drew a tribute, of tears from those who. heard .him. When ho spoke of tho ' close > relations , of fiiendship in whioh tho deceased had stood with ''his Grace tho Archbishop, that venerable prelate was deoply affected ; and indeed no more oloquent illustra- tion could have been given of the deep affection with which tho late Archdeacon had been regarded by his flock and his follow priests, than tho emotion which Father Bigney'a few but touohing > words inspired among the congregation. -Upon Ute con- clusion of the oration, his Grace the' Archbishop and tho attendant Bishops approached the coffin, where tho final ceremonies wore porformed, and incensó was burnt in front of tho altar. Then tho cross-bearer, Fathor D'Arcy, followed by tho bishops and priests, and lastly by his G ra co tho Archbishop and attendant priests, preceding tho «offin, formed a procession, until outside tho Church,'whon it was arranged in tho following ordor ; The Students of St Mary's College, Lyndhurst . Tho Members of St Patriok's Christian Doctrine Feoiety. Tho Members of other Parochial Associations of a' kindred character. Tho Officers and Mombers of' tho Ho'y Catholio Guild ." of Sf Mary' and St. Joseph". Tho Fellows of St. John's College. r Tho Olorgy 'of tho' Diocese amounting in number to ovor thirty, , The Very Bov; tho'Vicor-Gonoral (on fool). Five carriages, containing the Bishops of Maitland i Bathurs', Goulburn, Brisbane, and Hobart, and attendant Chaplains. His Grace the Archbishop and Chaplain. The Hearse containing tho body. Five Mourning Coaches (The first of whioh was occupied by Dean O'Connell and Dean Hanley, of Yass). . Tho Congregation of St Patrick's .- (Four abreast), Tho Genoral Public. Ditto. And about 160 Carriages, Somo of whioh had been cont by tho loading rosidonts of tho city and suburbs. The Cathodral bolls rang muffled peals as the pro. cession moved on. . Frcm the lower end of St. Mary's Bead, along King.street and George-street, right up to tho gates of the burial ground ' in Daronsbire street, tho pavement was crowded with spectators, many shops in George street being' olosed. For at least an hour boforo the arrival of-tho procession, the throng came'pouring into Devonshiro-strcot, and tho uounl numbor of Women with children in their arms were tobe obsorved in the thickoit of the crowd, utterly regardless, in their anxiety to obtain a good view, of the serious danger tho infants ran of being crushed. Tho yard of tho Bailway-atation, facing the burial ground, was occu- pied by à oomp'ot« mass of people bf Doth sexes, stand- ing on truoke, boxes, .bundles of hay, palings, or anything else affording a prospect of an uninter- rupted sight of the procession. . ' At 1 o'olook, tho first part of tho procession (which was about a milo ' and a quarter in length) arrived, consisting of the jnvanile members of the schools and Christian Doctrine Society. These, on arrival, flied off" past the gate, and wore drawn ap in rank, two deep, on the opposite side of the road. Next came the students'and fellows of St John's College, followed by tho olergy, over thirty in number, amongst whom was ' t e Vtry ? Boy. Mr. Sheehy, Vicar- Genorol who ro?eived the bishops and mourners as they drove up. The Bishops of Maitland, Bathurst, Goulburn, Brisbane, and Hobart wore' the next to enter the churchyard, followed by tho vener- able Archbishop, who was much affootéd, and was assisted into the churchyard by his chaplain (Father Collotti) and tho Vicar-General. Then came the glass hearse, containing tho coffin, covered by a purple velvet pall, and followed by five mourning coaches, tho first being occupied by Dean O'Connell and Dean Hanley, of 1 ass. These were snoceodod by the con- gregation of St. Patriok's, walking four abreast, over four hundred in number, the major part wearing hat- bands, and all attired in mourning. Tho goneral public followed, a vory : largo number of private oarriagSB bringing up the rear. Immediately tho eon groitation of St. Patrick's had entered, tho gates of tho burial ground were closed ; and thia caused somo disappointment to the immonso crowd near tho gates, who began to press forward, causing a torrifio crush, and readoring it necessary to lift several children among them over tho railings of tho burial ground, to prevont their being hurt Many of tho poorer class in the crowd wero deeply affected, and spoko earnestly concerning tho worth and benefloonco of tho doceas:d. Alargo numbor of Beman Catholio olorgymen from the motiopolis and country districts wero prosent at tho interment At tho Cemetery his Grace the Archbishop, tho Very Bov. tho Bishop of Maitland, and tho Vicar Goneral, nssiatcd by Deans O'Oonnoll and Hanloy, Fathers Goravol and Garvoy, performod tho lost obsequies. Tho coromony of intermont was .over in about half-an-hour, and the crowds gradually dispersed, talking ovor the closing sceno thoy had witnessed in tho careor of the Venerablo' Archdeacon, who by his exemplary lifoandopen handedohnrlty won tho respect and cstoem oí all scots of tho community in whioh ho lind lived. Tho police arrangements wore carried out nndor tho supcrintondonco of Inspector Held, and though somo confusion was at first rausod by tho temporary sus pension of traffic, of which no notice had been givon, tho difficult task of keeping order among forty or ilfty thousand spectators was very satisfactorily dis- charged. Tho crowd was so denso that fow porsons could approach tho gravo during the final ceremony. LacTURB OK Onr.MisTBv.-A lecture on chemistry is to bo given by W. li. Symons, Esq, at tho Sohool of Arts, thia evening, and as it is tho . first attempt of tho season to revort to tho educational oourso, for which tito institution is professedly dedicated and llbcrallj ondowed, it is to be hoped there will bo a full nttondnnoo of mombers on tho occasion. Should such ba tho case, it is net unlikely that the oommltteo of managors will mako arrangements for a frequent supply of lecturas during the appronahing session. ? IwsrEOTiojf OP TUB NxwoAsrra HOSPITAL.-Miss Oaborno, tho Indy superior of- tho Sydney Infirmary, arrived in Newcattle by the first train from Maitland, yesterday morning, and at once proceeded to tho New- castle Hospital for tho purpoao of inspecting tho insti- tution. Sho was accompanied by Mr. Isaao Gorriok, s member of the aoting-oommittca of the Maitland Hos. pi tal, Mr. Solomon Cohen, a member of tbo noting com- mittee of our own institution, ono or two ladles, and Dr. Harris. Tho lady superior was shown over the hospital by Dr. Harris, who conducted her through the différant wards, and also oxplainod tho working o£ .tho institution to her as regards tho treatment of patients, - diet, &o; Miss Osborne considered tho ventilation of the hospital dofootivo, and tho shape and position of the.windows of tho wards and rooms unadapted for thoir respootivo purposes. At the close of the inspeo-,. tion she visited tho patient Miss Slattery, upon whom the recent critical operation was performed by Dr. Harris, and convorscd with her in reference to the operation, which, sha stated, had bern mado tho sub- ject of much favourable comment by the medical men of Sydney. Another operation similar to that of Miss Slattery 's is about to bo performed upon Miss Sweeney, of Slngloton, by Dr, Harris.-Nowcastlo Ohroniolo of, ' yesterday. TUB ADOMQINAI. CMOKETEBS.-On Thursday, the * Australian aboriginals hold an athletio mooting at the Oval, but, with the exception of the- boomerang and " speer throwing, tho proceedings were only of an ordi- nary nature, their visit to tho Derby und untrained condition preventing tho blades from showing them- selves in thoir true colours as athletes. Bullocky threw tho cricket ball 105 yards, beating Buckle (the Surrey ; professional) and several others ; and Dick-a-Diok bore off tho palm ' in tho hurdle race. Tho boomerang :i throwing olaims moro notice st our hands, being a novel performance to most English .spectators. Tho : boomorang is a strong, broad, curved lath, convex on its uppor, and flat on its lower surface It is thrown forwards, cutting tho air with a long whirr, and when - it has touohed the ground with ono end it instantly risos and continuos to gyrate in the most wonderful manner at a great height until it fairs, sometimes . near the man who has thrown it, sometimes a considerable . distance behind him. The motions' ' of tho boomerang aro so orratio that one can hardly imagine how it ever can bs useful ? cither ia warfare or tho oVio.se; and its employment for pastime will need a wider field even than Kenning ton Oyal, where on Tuesday it came flying twice or - thrice among tho spectators, cutting ono person's hat nearly in half. . Tho only other performance ot . the blacks that calls for special notice was Dick-a-Dlck'Sv marvellous display of proficiency in dodging cricket < balls. Armed only with a long narrow shield, shaped . like a osnoe, and with a strangely - formed club, he' ' stood up boldly to bo peltod at by expert.throwers, not ono ot whom . touohed him. Tak-ng rio notice of a ' ball that passed an inch or two from any part of his body, he baffled ovory straight ball with surprising: cleverness. His attitudes were picturesque, ahoV' sometimes throwing his olub and shield on tho ground, he would drop bn ene knee, stand or dance, simply dodging tho balls with a' side motion that was both, elegant and tasy.-London Sporting Lifo. BsOAFE OP TUB "HAU HAUS " FltOlt CHATHAM ISLAND.-The Wellington Independent gives the fol» lowing roport, of the officers bf the Stormbird, the vessel that was despatched to the Chatham Islands l'- Un arrival it was discovered that tho account of tho., escape formerly published, and said to have boon fur- nished by tho fugitives, was incorrect in maoy par« ' ticulars. One man of tho guard, named Harnett, ie« " sistod, tho Maories while thoy :were making him captivo. He was immediately tomahawked and killed.' Th reo prisoners still remain. Thoy wero averse to the rising, and informed tho guard of the intended surprise Their information, through some-, unexplained reason appears not te havo been token ad. vantage of. - These three prisoners had,to secrete. > tliorfir elves until the departure of their countrymen. " On tho afternoon of the 4th July tho prisoners attaoked tho redoubt, scoured the guard, and killed ono of them". They then ransacked tho Custom-house, taking from tho ehast £000 in cash. A portion of the* money be- longed to the Government, and tho remainder to the. inhabitants, having been deposited .in tho Custom- . house for safoty. The prisoners thon took 4000 rounds of ammunition, and from twonty to thirty stand of arms; ¡Thoy seized Captain Thomas, the gentleman who was in cbargo at the islands, and marched him * handcuffed from tho redoubt to the Custom-house, telling him that they would not hurt him... if ho would show thom where tho'money was. - The leader of tho mutiny was a Mohaki native named To Kooti Pikarangi, who gavo himself the character of a prophet, and who has a: now religion, and affecte authority amongst tho people Tho plan of escape1.' [ was arranged with skill and caro, and kept profoundly secret until the arrival of tho Iii doman prosentod tho i opportunity to striko the blow. After the departure of tho Rifleman with the Maori prisoner's, nu attempt ' I was made to float tho sohooner Florence for tho pur* poso of proceeding to Wellington. The attempt wa»'.' unsuccessful. A native who was assisting became entangled beneath tho bottom of tho voesel, and was < drowned. Tho Florence now lies on tho boaoh a total ? wreck. She has been purchased by Mr. Ritchie, of Christchurch, for £00. .TUB ATLANTIO TELEarurrr.-Now that the Govern mont ii about to tako tho control of tho telegraphs into its own hands, and to ofloct a largo reduction in the., tariff, any information respecting tho effect of lowered ? charges on tho revenue, is particularly interesting. At tho meeting of the Atlantic Telegraph Company just» bold, Mr. Cyrus Field stated that under tho £25 tariff tho receipts of the company wore £505 a day; undor tho £10 (tariff,, £570; under tho £6 5a. tariff, £003.. . As the company is in a position .to do six times the-" amount nf business it ls now doing without incurring an additional shilling of .expense, there seems"no ro'ason why the tariff should not be reduced to a guinea " a message. -: TUE .PSBODO-COTOT.-Tho ysoht Hamlet's Ghost, Captain Yorke, left Cleveland Bay on the 4th instant» bound northerly. The Brisbane correspondent of tho Queensland Times obsorvos: " A story, whioh I believo is quito true, is told of tho counterfeit Count Yon Acorns, whioh goos a littlo way in itself to show ho wis an impostor. The Count honoured a ball given, hero during his visit with his presence, and lamented,: with a mont lugubrious countenance, to a lady, that he was put about for a laok of fnnds-not, howovcr, that ho wanted the lady to lend him'any, but by way of braggadocio. "My dear madam, I can assuro you sat I have only got aix zousand pounds to last me for von fortnight, and I . veol quito miserable."''* He paid' the owner of 'Hamlet's Ghost for the y adit, but, I am afraid, got the money on tho itrongth of certain papers, from another Brisbane gen. tlomao. Tho Count was very profuso with'his (?) money both hore and on tho way from Sydney, and "shouted" ohampagnoin tho most extravagant manner. He took a way ¡with him, as captain of his yacht, Mr. Hamlyn, late of tho Q.8.N. Ge's servlco, but they, ? fell out at Rockhampton, and separated, A young fontloman throw up his situation In the Oustsm-hsuse, (aryborough, to go with tho Count, but ho also loft tho yacht at Rockhampton, and is either baok, or on his was back. Thoro is very littlo doubt that we shall . hoar of tho Ghost boforo sho gets to Batavia, supposing that to bo hor destination ; for sho is a gimoraok orafty ' and it is untikoly the now owner would care to go far from land in hor. A man namod Qeorpo Broadbent, a borea trainer,, died at ll o'clock on Thursday night, en board tho stearaor l,ady Bowon, whilst ou her passage from Sydnoy. Tho deceased left Brisbane about a fortnight ago for S.vdnoy, on a visit to his sister, who was, . dangerously ill, but who died shortly after his arrival! thoro. Dr. Hancook held a post mortom examination of tho body, and stated that tho deceased died from,, consumption. ( The Molbourno correspondent of tho Alexandra Courier contributes tho following item:-" I saw a., machino at work tho other day which is likely to onuso a groat chango in tho shcop farming interest ; lt Is no loss than a machine to shear sheep by stonm, and' from what I snw of it, it ia likely to bo a complete' sucaess. Tho machine is íniulo of brass, somothlng in tho shnpo of n umatl trowol ; tho moti m Is got up by a turbino wheel about threo inches indinmor, and thu)1 ls geared into another wheel on which is fixed a cutter; in front is a oomb which serves as a guide and guard nguiu et cutting tho skin of tho nlicop. The slonm is convoyed from the boiler by a tubo of india rubber; thin tubo or pipo is double, having ono inside the othor ; thc innor ono is tho injection and tho space botween tho two Is the ejection. Tho machino can be hnndloil quito easily, and will bo used just in tho same fashion ns tho ehonre, but will cut much quicker and tar eleanor, without tho least dnngcr of injuring tho ficoco or tho shoe p. It is expected (hat It will be all completed nnd publicly tested In tims for this season's clip Tho invontor hnB boon about thrao years at work on it, and has just got it into what ho thinks aporfost Btatc' 