GISBORNE. (m1OI OUR0 OWN COnRRESPONDENT.,) A NUsmarn of friends of tho 1Rov, J. eook, Gisborno, maot at the manse, on Friday, to present him with a buggy, horso and harness. W. Robort son, Esq., of \ ooling, addressing Mr. Meeook, said: -"I have much pleasure in being present on this occasion, and being the medium of presenting to you this handsomo testimonial of tho affection and good will, not only of the people forming your congregation, but other friends. I trust you will be long spared to enjoy it, and that it will be the means of enabling you to conduct your ministerial labours with greater ease and comfort. I sin cerely hope, sir, that the result of your exertions among the peopllo will at the great day of reckon ing be tohat many among thorn may shine as jewels in your heavenly crown. It will, I have no doubt, sir, add to your gratification to know that the money required to purchaso this gift has in every case been freely and voluntarily given, and always accompanied by expressions of good will towards yourself. I have now very much pleasuro in presjenting to you this buggy, together with a sot of harness and whip; the Columittec have not yet been able to lind a suitablo horse, but have a sum of I25 in hand to purchase one." Mr., Meek replied that ho felt when his heart was fullest, his lips were not always most cloquent. That this gift was only in keeooping ith the very kind and considerate way in which he had been treated over since settling amongst 'hem ten years ago, his peoplo being ever anxious to outomoto the ease and comfort of his family and h1,nsolf, and always charitable towards his many fai!ings and deficiencies, The gift would be much pribed, not only for its own sake, but as a manifestation of the kind feeling that exists between poopis and minister; and that it was very gratifying to him to tilud that a hint thrown out by their Worthy Soecrtary should within two months result in such I a very ha~ndsome gift. Mrs. Meek, he was glad to say, would now be enabled to have more frequent intercourse with the families of the congregation than hitherto, and altogether he trusted that the result of the day's proceedings (which would be long remembered by his family and himself) would be a still greater degree of faithfulness to each other as minister and people. The buggy, which was built to order by Mr. Crutch, of Latrobe-streot west, is much admired, being new in design, substantial, and handsomely finished, the harness and whip (the gift of W. K. Thomson, Esq.) being in keeping with the buggy. The total value of the present is over £80. The Rev. T'1'. B. Garlick, incumbent of St. Paul's Church, Gisborne, finding it necessary on account of ill health and other reasons to resign his incum boney of this parish and district, a number of his congregation and other friends resolved upon pre senting hint with an address expressive of their respect and esteem towards him, and also' a sub. stantial token of their appreciation of his services amongst them, in the shape of a donation of £1.1. The following is the address and list of sub scribers :-" To the Rev. T. 13. Garlick.-Reverend and dear sir-Your parishioners and subscribers being desirous of showing their respect and esteem towards you, also their regret on hearing of your departure, beg respectfully that you will accept the accompanying token in appreciation of your past labours amongst them. They wish at the same time to express their sorrow that your health should have suffered in this cold district, and sincerely trust that health and strength may be restored to you in some more congenial field of labour. Wishing every prosperity to yourself and family, they subscribe themselves your sincere friends--T. Pearce, £?; W. J. Clarke, £5; W. Benson, 10s.; W. Thornton, £1; H. J. Wills, 10s.; Jas. Tweddle, £1; H. R. Dixon, lOs.; H. Town send, £1; J. Watson, 10s,; J. Fell, 12s. Gd.; J. Benson, 10s.; Graham and Gilby, £1; IH. Gardner, £1; E. Cherry, £1; Mrs. Cherry, 0ls.; C. Widdis, 10s.; J. Sharpe, Os.; C. C. Palmer, as.; D. Morand, 10s.; John Smith, Riddell's Creek, Gs.; B. Dod. dridge, 5s.; W. Johnston, 5s.; J. Wernenor, s.; J. Spencer, Ss.; B. Johnson, os.; B. Johnson, jun., Gs.; John Todd, £1; M. A. Rands, Gas,; R.. Hamel, £1; D. Jenkins, 10s.; W. Farroll, Gs.; H. Hussey, £1; Holmes and Brown, Os.; J. Williams, lOs.; James. Smith, 10s.; 0. Devlin, 10s.; H. Campey, 2s, Gd,; W. Carter, is.; Mrs. Turner, s,; ''. Harrop, 5s.; Mrs. Bureholl, s. ; A. Turner, 5s.; C. Cogger, 2s. Gd.; J. L'Estage, 10s.; Mrs. Hill, 10s.; - Hill, lOs.; - Patterson, 2s. Gd.; B. Sansom, Os.; - O'Connell, Os.; - Palmer, 10s.; J. H. Miller, £1; Mrs, Beer, Ss.; Mrs. Davis, sa.; H. Brooking, lOs.; T. Lennon, Os.; R. Perry, Gs.; Mr. Tydd, £1; C. Martin, 10s.; Mrs. Hassell, 2s, Gd.; T. Parkes, Gs.; - Perry, Gas.; - Sillonce, s,.; Thompson, Os.; S, Williams, 10s. Gd,; Mrs. Williams, 10s. Gd.; T. Williams, s., Gd.; Mrs. Clements, £1; total, £41." Mr. Garlick acknowledged receipt of the above in the following written rely:-" Parsonage, Gis. borne, 30th May, 1868.-My dear friends-I bog to i'oquest that you will accept my most sincere thanks for your very kind address, expressing your respect and esteem towards me, and your regret at my departure from among you. I also most heartily thank you for the very substantial token of generous consideration with which your address is accompanied. I sincerely approoiate your sympathy, and hope that I shall ore long realiso your wish that my health may be restored to me in some more congenial field of labour; and I especially thank you, my dear friends, who have bestowed so much time and trouble upon this matter, which must have been considerable, con sidering the great distances apart some of the subscribers reside. Many of you are aware that for a long time past I have not only been anxious but have endeavoured to procure a more suitable post, for it is not only the cold weather which is too trying for me, but I do not liossess physical strength at all equal to the country duties, which necessarily require a groat deal of horseback. riding; and in consequence of my total inability for this sort of parochial work, I have felt it a duty which I owe to the parishioners, as well as to myself, to resign my appointment as incumbent minister of this parish and distriot; and although I have recently boon distinctly informed that there is no prospeoot of another more suitable cure (that of a parish only) in this diocese available for me, yet I cannot believe that after I have laboured to the best of my ability for twenty-five years in the Lord's vineyard, I shall be permitted to want such a post long, especially in a country where the. harvest is plentiful and the labourers few. How. ever, I shall use all proper means to obtain one previously to my going elsewhere, and hope with God's. blessing I shall succeed. And now that the time of our separation has arrived, I do most sin cerely hope that this parish and district will soon be provided with an earnest and faithful pastor, possessing all thoenecessary qualifications, physical and mental, for the wants of the whole district; whose only object will be God's glory and the' eternal interests of the sheep of his pasture. In taking leave of you all, my dear friends, I com mend you to God, and the power and keeping of' the Holy Ghost, through Jesus Christ our Lord; and I sincerely pray that you may abound in all. things pertaining to faiths and godliness, lacking nothing in every good and perfect gift, anild daily waiting for the glorious appearing of our Saviour Jesus Christ, and finally that we all moot at the' hlast great day of the Lord around the throne of God in heaven.-I remain always your sincere and, faithful friend, Txos. B.. GAB?ICKO. To M8essrs. Williams, Pearce, Tlhornton, Cherry, and other frioends whose names are attached to an address presented to me at the. vestry of St. Pmuls, Gisborne." 