GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE PRESBY TERIAN CHURCH OF NEW SOUTH WALES. Session the Fourth. - First Sederunt.— The General Assembly of toe Presby terian Church of New South Wales met, on Tuesday even ing last, in the Phillip-street Church. A large attendance ministers asd elders from different pari* i-f the colony -were present, with a mixed audience of the laity. The retiring Aloderator— tbe iiev. Dr. Robert Steel, the minister of St. Stephen's Church, in M acq uarie- Btreet— preached the accuBtomed sermon, selecting for his text the forty ninth verse of the 24th chapter of the Gospel according to St. Luke : — ' Behold, I freed tho promiso of my Father upon you : but tarry ye in the City of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power irom on high.' The Pkeacu&k; began by stating that primitive Christianity had Iobe: been the eager desire of many in the Church of God, because it had been judged to be the healthiest and beat form of religion— bu tlx in respect tf inward experience and of outward form. All did not, however, seek the primitive Faith in the same position. By some it was sought for in the age nearest to tbe Apostles, when the doctrine and the government of the CbujT-h were supposed to have been more fully and more correctly expressed than even in the Apostolic age. By there the early Fathers of the first three centuries were chiefly esteemed as models; in preference oven to the mepircd twelve. Others, again, filed upon the Apostolic age generally as that exhibiting tbe highest expression of Christian life, and the best development of eecle«ia-ric*l organisation. Such persona saw in the geal and order of the Apottolic times the mould in which tho piety and policy of the Church should still be cast. It was, however, the period anterior to both of these, the Pentecostal period ?f the Church, that immediately consequent upon the ascension of Christ — when a life of faith and prayer ^prevailed more than order and discipline— which many were disposed to regard as that upon which they should desire to model themselves, and to frame the constitution of the Church. That was a period in which men would find what was more essential than any form of worship and «rder of government, they would find the spirit of life : — a something superior te external means and activities, giving to them all a special value and efficacy. Whilst the Church of Christ was waiting for tbc 'promise of the Father' — the out jwjuring of the Holy Spirit— they had not only beep con stant in pi ayer, but had waited in faith, and iu patience. Praying through the Only Mediator, whom they then, for - the first time, more fully understood, the heavy affliction they had undergone had only served to increase the devo tion of the Ditciples of Our Lord. Their prayer was, moreover, of a united and social charactcr, and was, after a few days, abundantly answered by the descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost. The preacher described, in animated terms, the glorious success of the efforts which were thereafter made by the Apostles and other followers of our Blessed Lord. In this grand success, by which in one day 3000 souls were added to the Church, God had angered the prayers of the devoat, Joving« and liberal Pentecostal Church. The Father made good his promise to the Church, and He still vouchsafed His spirit as the answer to fervent prayer, although the gift of tongues and the power of working miracles had ceased. If they hoped to see the ministry of the Word successful in these days to the saving of immortal souls they most be fervent in prayer. Ihe preacher insisted strongly on the dignity and import tence of the ministerial office, and earnestly besought his hearers to .pray that the preachers of the Word might always he upheld in the performance of their duties* as heralds of the Prince of Peace ; enabled at all to cpeak with such power as to carry conviction into the hearts cf their hearers. After service the Moderator constituted the Assembly with prayer, and the Assembly at onoe proceeded to business. . The minutes of the last Assembly were duly confirmed, and ordered to be signed by the Moderator. The roll of the Assembly was then made up according to the certified rolls cent in from the Presbyteries — the members present answer ing to their names. The Assembly proceeded to elect a Moderator for the ensuing j^ear. The Clerk read the nomi nations of Presbyteries which had been received by him ; when it appeared that ihe choice of the Presbyteries had fallen on the £ev. William Boss of Goulburn. His selec tion had been signified by a very large majority. The Retiring Moderator (Dr. Stbel) thanked the General Assembly for the hearty co- operation which he had received during his term of office, and expressed the gratification which it afforded him to find that his successor in the Moderator's chair was one who had been one of the pioneers of their Church in this colonv — a gentleman whose name had, for the last thirty years, been honourably associated with the history of Presbyterianism in this Und. The Rev. William Ross, of Goulburn, was thereupon declared to be duly elected, and was formally conducted to the chair by the late Moderator, the members of . the Assembly testifying their respect by standing whilst he took his seat. The Moderator then proceeded to address the Assembly as follows 'Fathers and Brethren, — 'Permit me to thank you sincerely for the honour you have conferred upon me by placing me m the chair of the 'Mod eratorship. My great fear is, that I am not possessed of the qualifications which are required for filling the office with that success to be expected by you. At any rate, as far as my ability goes, as far as good will for the cause will carry me, as &r; as unfeigned love for our Zion -will influence me, and as far as the genuine spirit will animate me, I will not be very far behind the cbiefest of my respected and esteemed predecessors. I must tell you candidly that for many years I have had but little practice in Church Courts, and, indeed, the leaning of my mind wa» never much attracted in the direction ef the details of ecclesiastical jurisprudence. Therefore I am diffident in entering ob a duty not fully in accordance with my ordi nary predilections — aduty demandingaknowledge of greater reach than I can lay claim to — a duty necessitating a breadth of discrimination beyond my powers. Bat relying on the kindness, the forbearance, and assistance of my fathers and brethren in the ministry and eldership, I take courage, and proceed to the work with the manly and straightforward determination to consult with you the \- of God, the order and good of His house, and the advancement of true and undefiled religion in our land and axuoLg our people. ' buffer me now to offer a few remarks on the following points. First — our duty as ministers of the everlasting . Gospel. It may seem .needless to address this General . Assembly on such a subject, when the diligence ani the experience of the ministers in this the most glorious of all ?callings, in this the most solemn of all earthly engage ments, are considered. The duty has been long practised and liaithfully performed; it has been your joy to preach Christ and Him crucified ; it has been the delight of your hearts to sow the seed of eternal life in the several fields in which you are labouring ; it has been your comfort, many difficulties, and in the solitude of many excursions, to sound the trumpet of salvation to your fellow immortals— it has been your exceeding honour to proclaim as the Lead's ambassadors the message of peace and reconciliation to them who are afar off, and to them who are nigh — and it has cheered you, as by a sweet diaim, soothing your spirits when you have warned sinners of their danger, opened the treasures of redeeming and pardoning mercy, and unfolded to them the glad tidings * God is love ' in Christ Jesus. 44 If it be so, why should any more be said ? Oar Inten tion is to o≪ to your remembrance, and star up your pure minds by the associations of your past triumphs, and strengthen them with the hopes of increased success in your future ministrations. Think of the way the Lord has hitherto led you and blessed you, — and will you not be in vigorated to ran, as you have run, even to the end. The past of a minister's service, with its lights and shades, reminds him of the oppositions he met and over came, and nerves te meet and overcome present and coming oppositions. A sense of former successes . in defence of the truth, and in vindicating it from the designs of open and secret foes, is a powerful mean of making him bolder still in defending the truth. Ho fought the battle before, and felt him sell to be victorious, and thus doubly armed with his veteran experiences, he goes when called upon, down, down to the fight, a soldier who has no fear but for the 'ark of God.' Our warfare is sot carnal, but spiritual— our arms should not bear the 'sheen' of defiance, but the bright and lustrous adorn - . ment of lovingness to the angry enemy. The sword we ; wield should not be sharpened into a point of piercing bit terness and rancour, but made keen and penetrating by mercy's sweetness and charity's kindliness. We are the ministers of peace and goodwill from Heaven to a rebellious and perverse generation ; we should therefore use the inild . sees, combined with the manliness of persuasion, yet at the same time never compromising the firm resolve of contend ing at ell hazards, under all resistance, for the faith once delivered to the saints. Tho existing dangers by which the Church of Christ is .surrounded ought to stimu late to increased watchfulness at our posts— to stir up a broad and wide, and far-looking care, lest the approaches to the citadel be occupied, and the circle of our operations be unhappily narrowed by any sudden and stealthy inroad of the perverters of the Gospel ; to quicken into activity the powers of defencc with which we are provided, and which never fail in the hour of need, against the banded hosts who maintain error and false doc trine; and to 4 stand to our arms' with valiant, undis mayed, and unflinching hearts, whenever and wherever the alarm is sounded that 4 the enemy is advancing.' How glorious iB the kingdom to whou King we have sworn allegiance, in whose cause we are enlisted, and for whose .honour and crown we are called to do battle a gainst the mighty. How precious the liberties, both of thought and conscience, of worthipping every one under his own fig tree, without any to make us afraid, with which we are solemnly entrusted, and as solemnly enjoined to hand down unimpaired 1« the generations to come. How noble and invaluable the privileges, designed to elevate and 1 reform the moral and social condition of our kind, to promote all that is virtuouB, and deitroy all that is evil, which we have to recommend. And how excellent ' are the doctrines of the dispensation committed to us, bripht with salvation, immortality, and heavenly bliss, which we are ordained to preach to the world. O/is it not aduty, an honour, a pre-eminence, the worthiest dignity beyond comparison, to teach sinners the plan of pardon and justification ; to run out the line of hope to the grasping hands of the perishing ; to let in the light of promised de liverance upon the captives of Bin ; to bring back the wanderers to the homo of welcome and cheerfulness, and to administer joy to the sad and hopeless outcast. 'To preserve this boon of God is- the sublimity of ft * faithful Christian ministry ; here is the stronghold - of treasures that must be kepffroxn the spoiler, opd protect^ , V ith a vigilance, a jfaloupy, fttid determination 'which will : defy thefcblut «s voiles the, m«s?. plausible attempts of thoM — rnd their name is legion— who are not obedient to th«? Gofpt'l of tbe Son of God, holding the truth ia un righteousness. ' It if not to be denied that much has of late been writtin sguinst the genuineness of the Scriptures, as ihey Lave been rt-*ived and believed in by the ancient and modern evimpelical Churches — liberties of the most un warrantable kind are taken with the .Divine tentimony ; refections of tbe gravest character are oust upenthe in tegrity snd truthfulness of the 4 living omclfa scholar ship cf the highest order has sought to undermine the book of inFpiration j a searching criticism has boldly ventured to pronounce an unfavourable decision on the deliverances of the holy men who spoke as they were niovnd by the Holy GLost. There efforts to meddle se unceremoniously with the sanctities of Scripture are imngined to be necessitated by the sge of progress, and the requirements of a vastly -nliu-ged inteUeclutuism ; it appears to my humble judg mrnt that the progress of the age, and the enlarged intellectualicm have presumed raahly to adjudicate on a subject as much beyond their legitimate province as it is beyond the reach of their boasted capacity. 'Who can comprehend God in the works of creation, whether in th»;ir greatness, or their lit thnt't-af Who can mea&uie; tbe infinity of ppneo in which the countless orbs of thew henrene are n-Uinc? Who can conceive adequately of the Being ^ho upholds in such beautiful harmony tbe thronged worlds that are looking down upon Ub in twinkling radiance from distances that til nigh transcend the powers of numeration? And yet the Gt-d who nmde Orion and the Pleiades, who has gar nihbed space with starry nebula}, in contp irison with «-me of which ? ur milky way, mighty as it is in circumference, brradih, aud depth, sinks into smaDnet-s. is the Author of the Bible. Scan the omnipotence of Jehovah in the firma n.cnt, and be very bumble and chastened. Ca-t your eye on the wonders of redemption as they are unfolded in the twk — be not high- minded, but adore, and rejrice with tumbling.' If the loudest and most thrillinp note in the 'muMC of the spheres* is, 'the hand thrtt made as is divine,' the softest sweetest note in the hong of redemp tion is, ' God so loved the world, that He Bent His son not to c- i.deran, but to save the world.' uKow it is our prerogative, ns it is our duty, to declare what God has spoken, and just as he Has ppoken, that s-mls may be Hived — to be instant in urging on eur people the ' authority of the word, convincing them that 1 He hath set Bis word above the heavens,' that it contain* iu fallibly 4 Bis will for our salvation.' Thus, will we fiilfil our duty as ministers of the everlasting Gospel) approve our- ; selves unto the consciences of tho ppople, be food stewards of the iruth as it is in Jesus, be faithful distributers of the inheritance of the Church, and be workmen who need not be ashamed in the husbandry of God, 'I would say to my younger brethren, if they will bear with me who can count more years in the ministry than . seme of tb-m probably can count as the term of their life, study the Bible, drink deep, deep of its spirit, prayerfully : consider its teachings, by type, sacrifice, prophecy, pirablf, ; miracle, promise, and hope. There you 'will find narrative ; unrivalled in simplicity, and desenptiveness ; eloquence f unequalled in sublimity, because natural and unaffected ; poetry unparalleled for beauty, for imagery, for stately grandeur of expression and sentiment, for sympathetic! tenderness, for uie finest illustrations of human affection, for Ihe most homely but elegant touches of family life, ( and for the noblest songs of praise that could raise the heart and soul to adoration and heavenly love. There you ? will find divinity which is clear and plain, the direct com munication of the Divine mind, freed from the dust and ' dreariness of human argumentation, bereft of crusty,? churlish, and bitter sectarianism, and illuminate* through- ' out with light to guide you to the preaching of the whole : counsel of God with power and efficiency. That the; servants of God may be thoroughly furnished for their' office, let them seek out the word of the Lord, andj bestow their utmost diligence in ' acquainting them- ; selves with the theory and practioe of the Divine1 revelation, and we can say with Dr. -Chalmers,! * There is a brilliant perspective before us, which! we doubt sot will in time he realised. There seems both; an intellectual and a moral convergency towards it. In asi far as controversy originated in the spirit of a rash and; unbridled speculation, this is a source which, with our now; better philosophy and our better understanding of the1 limit between the known and the unknown, is fast drying) up ; and there is, partly intellectual and partly moral, a' profounder recognition of the authority of Scripture asf paramount to all other authority, and perhaps on all sides' a greater moral fairness in the interpretation of it. When these habits are consummated controversy will cease,! because the provocations to controversy will be doue away.j Its technology will fall into desuetude, because, formed a a- it was for the special object of neutralising the heresies rjVhich no longer exist, its employment will be uncalled-for.' Cod's own truths, expressed in God's own language, wil^ form the universal creed of enlarged and harmonised and happy Christendom. Men's faith and their affec tions, when this intermediate and temporary apparatus is at length taken down, will come into more direct' contact with heaven's original revelation, aud the spirit of good will to man which prompted heaven's message wili be felt in all! its freshness and power, when the uproar of controversy is stilled, and its harsh and jarring discord^ die away in everlasting silence. There will be system and generalisation still, but founded on the generalisation^ of Scripture, snd the doctrines in which many .now terj minate — as if they were the ultimate truths of the record — will be found themselves, to be subordinate to the one] and reigning expression of heaven's kindness to th^ world, by which the whole scheme of oar redemption is pervaded.' | * I'm apt to think tbe man 1 That could surround the sum of things, and epy 1 he heart of God and secrets of His empire, ; W ould speak but Love— with him tbe bright result, ) Would change the hue of intermediate scenes, And make one thing of all theology .' And, in the words of the author of ' Christian Certainty,' let rue conclude this part, * The religion of Christ is true ^ then it is tremendously true. Let us bold fast the profession qjf our faith. Let us not cast away our confidence. Let no man beguile us of oar reward. Let us endure as seeinrr Hiuo who i6 invisible. Sixty centuries are looking down upun ns. We are encompassed with a great cloud of witnesses We have the evidence of things not seen. Let us be strong and quit ourselves like men. Let us gird np the loins or our minds, bo sober, and hope to the end. While, from those ' statutes ' which we have taken fbr our ' songs ' ft the house of our pilgrimage— stirring as the blast of a martial trumpet, soothing as the sound of whispering j eaves — there comes a strain of Heaven's, own music. Ye, beloved, building yourselves up on your most holy faith, pravipg in the Ho y Ghost, keep yourselves in the love of God, waiting for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ' j ' Secondly, — The duty of the people to whom we minister in holy things— as there is a duty on our parts, there is it corr&pcnding; duty oh the part of the people ; a minister s inexcusable if be preach not Christ, Tne people are equally inexcusable, if they refuse to receive the word of reconcilia tion at bis mouth. Tbe people are bound, by Scripture aud conscience, not to forsake the assembling of themselves to gether on the Lord's Day, when opportunities offer. Tub niBsy are sadly lax and forgetful in keeping the Sabbath or the Lord their God. In many ingtjmraa this arises from Divine worship being held at IoBg intervals, although at stated times, in their neighbourhood, more than from actus! indifference ; from an exppience of some duration, I make : bold to say, that the desire to wait upon the ordinances remain — only its separation, from the regularity of gratifi- J cation, renders it lees anxious, but it is not entirely deadened. The obligation of the duty is. acknowledged, and its advantages are freely confessed — on . their own ad mission they are contravening the fourth commandment, and neglecting a duty which they ought to perfonn. And ought not this to constrain them to avoid contracting a wilful guilt and sin of so heinous a character ? It is theu duty, save in cases of ' necessity aud mercy ' to attend the 1 public worship of God — it is their privilege to cuter the sanctuary and commune with Him, who is its glory aud its beauty. Frequent absence from church is followed by 1 failure in all other spiritual exercises, while it weakens and 1 disconcerts the minister. Beading the Scriptures^is for- I gotten — prayer is abandoned — the family altar is deserted— ! the whole atmosphere of sacredness is poisoned— the map | loses his dignity when he loses his reverence and love for the things of God— and we tell all who have oeased to call the Sabbath a delight and honourable, that they are walk ing in disobedience and rebellion against the Most High. ' It is the duty of the people to value the ( holy things,' which are distributed among them by the ministers of tho true God. .What can be a greater dereliction in duty than despising the gifts of grace, and trampling upon the blood of the covenant ? If the riches 01 the Gospel are re garded ^ as ( common things,' unworthy of respect, and of possession, how can religion succeed ! how can our labours be appreciated, when the people take no interest, and loolt on .with indifference, They must be told, and we now tell them, that for their own sakes the}* ought to value the gifts of God, to rejoice always in being reminded of the ' faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation,' that Christ cainu , into the world to 6ave sinners. We tell them they ara despising their own mercies, loosening the bonds of sacred- i ncss, rising to the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost, and 1 scorning the majesty of redeeming love, when they venture on disclaiming, by open and habitual neglect, the message from heaven to earth. 1 By this conduct, tliey are guiltv of unbelief in its most deadly form, and chargeable with injuring the usefulness of the Christian ministry. Let tha'in then remember the end of all, who will not come unto Him who has the words of eternal life. It is the duty of the people to support the ministry. The ministry is for thair. good. We are their servants for Christ's sake — and tliey, on the high principle of Christian honour, on the ground of receiving great for little things, are bound to sustain, by th$ii means, and according to their ability, with the liberality of a dcccnt and genteel maintenance, the Ministers of the Sanctuary. The spirit of stinginess is to be regretted. There should be no exlTacting of the Minister's remuuem ticn. It is distressing that his dues are often doled out ! from the lap of plenty by a process of excruciation. Why, is -t charity? It is not. We are not beggars. We work for you and yours, and a honest heart wili never grudge to be liberal in God'a cause. The ordinances of religion are | not a burthen to a people, if they took the proper view of *. it. It is toot' a compulsory excise; it is an appeal to i Christian sympathy and its free- will offering. The economics of some, in contributing to the Church are 1 curious phenomena, which wear the appearance of vast uprightness, and yet, when examined, are covered all over with the unwillingness of the churl. We could wish that the people as a whole could be enlightened on the subject of giving. Generosity is duty. I believe, if I- preach the gospel, I have a claim on the people, sot on the low ground of commercialism, but on the lofty and pure ground of 1 Christian principle, as righteously due i& the sight of God Ffidxm* ' It would be well, then, to tetl them plainly, that if we ure to pr» ach, we must live, not in hierarchical splendour, lul in ordinary, and, if you witi, in middle-class comfort std r- nipctenrv ; and surely, it tB- not too much to ask, not *he cttofeiTing of a favour, but the performance of a duty* I would rrject the gift of a pitying charity aaan itsult to my office, and independence of mind. I am not a mnial, 10 be fed by crumby from the table, I am the am* liu-tadr.r of my Prince, and expect to be treated as such by those to whom I convey His behest*. Let the people un dirsinnd their duty. Let them act upon it, and the cry of pov-rty, and the mites of the said poverty, tbat crush the niHnlint** out of a minister, and plunge him into the vortex of hflnt?-io-u'outh living, would very soon be unheard of, «shHti-ed of, and execrated too, by Cbrisrian-minded&e;&s.; Let th-m be told this, 4 if we have sown unto you spiritual things, if. ita great thing if we shall reap your carnal things.* ' Thirdly, How to quicken that which is ready to die, and bring Sack into vitality «nd energy the life and interests t f our Church. '» On this subject, at once so important and deserving of attention, our observations will be directed to what we con ceive to be the bett and most likely means of suscess. A serious consideration meets us at the very outset of the irqriry, and whilst it is one not easy to deal with, it must tc gr'ipled uitti determinedly end resolutely, and no doubt the difhe-ulty of our ecclesiastical position will find a solu tion, so fur at least as present cireumntanoee will admit, and present wants require, asd the range of our action will ; hIIow. It is obvious, painfully obvious to us all, that our k n nchinny is far from sufficient for the work it has to - aec» n pluh. Excellent as it is, and encouraging as its per- | . tbriiit uces have been since the Union, within the sphere of - its o] eintien, there is a large and outlying territory, which ! ; it o.riM.T ovettake, however well its attempts are bestowed, \ { and it^powersetretched and strained, Anenlargemeutofits ' efli- iency i- a necessity, in order that it may bear a propor , tionete r«e to the exigencies of the Chunh. The limits \ ; to vbirh it is now confined catt loudly, not for its recon striH thn. but for fitting to it appliances of expansion and ' cfiectivew ss. Unless this p-nn be done wisely and shortly, ) j the Chbreh will sot, and cannot, be expected to flourish, 1 ! as otLei wise she moat certainly would flourish. Iu spite; of {flora which prosiised well, and' were liberally sup- / ported, ve have tallen short of the expectations .enter- j *tH'nid. We hrtve before ns a Presbyterianism which we' Idifp to come at, but which is escapiug from ur, for so other cause than the inability and powerlesnness that pre- ? vents tbe enlargement of our tents. We are looking from our wutch-towcr6 on the wastes whero eo many of our pie are shepherdless. desirous of being ministered uuto, ' und * c can only pray that shepherds may be seat forth. ? to gather together these still-remembering and hoping' shei pol our pasture. 4 4 The Presbyterian Church has much to recover in this , land. There is a goodly heritage waiting for her to take pot- session, and her exertions, both for the Bake of duty - and prosperity, must bo strenuously and in the face ot ovci thitduwisg obstacles devoted t-t the initiation of some ' t mpotary scheme that will be happily instrumental in pro ving fur existing and crying necessities. The Presby-: tenon element is not dead in the districts lying beyond our . present borders; it only slumbers, and could now be aw likened to ith dutifulne&a; by the songs of Zion aud the living voice of the preacher. There is a tenacity in the,' Tresbyterian mind that clings to its principles, and long, ; luLgisit, ere it becomes relaxed. On the whole, it holds! during life, and seldom will Presbyterianism, if of the!' right stamp, forego its con&dentiouMnehS.; ' 14 Kow, this Presbyterian faithfulness, amid many die-1 couragements, is, I feel convinced, existing among bur: people in a very stroBg degree indeed, and it demands from this Assembly a calm and deep consideration of the best way -' in which it can sot only be continued, but brought to the; advancement of the Church. The people of our persuasion! are ready, if we could use their readiness and bring it into action* This is only to be done[ by raising np .a ministry in the colony, asd' furnish from our Australian youth ministers to supply the; localities where Presbyterians are residing, but have been,' and are now. destitute of instruction from the Church. The] fact going * abroad that measures are onftot to provide for, the leligious wants of these stedfast members and adherents! would of itself tend to maintain their adherence and oo-' operation. It would be, let me say it, * a wee birdie' come! to their door from the Church of their sympathies and afiec-J tions, telling them you are sot unmindful of them, and that that which was Jong far away is coming now at last , 1 u St. Andrew's College is yet in the future, and we seedj present speedy aid. Our staff of preachers requires to be? recruited quickly. Let us have a less pretentious drill) ground to discipline our men that they may carry Janus, and| Be fitted to go forward with a fair share of useful theological' education to do the Lord's work. Why, if we cannot get them off the quarter- deck, let us have them from the fight ing deck. If we have no first battalion men, let us drawl fiom the second battalion for service. Granting they are. sot so perfect and'finished in manoeuvring in the field, they 'will make .brave and invincible soldiers in the day of our seed. I would respectfully suggest to this venerable) Assembly the propriety of establishing an institution in which surh suitable persons as may offer will be in-! strutted, at the least, in those brandies of theology, thati will enable them to undertake, with credit and success, thrf . duties of missionaries, at first, among «ur scattered Presby-j teriflss. It is the paramount question with us, aud surelyj merits the notice and the action of this court If Turkey, is dying for want of Turks, our Church is languishing for? want of ministers. Where are they to be found? Opon a! -lecture hall, give the opportunity, and if none come fromi the University, candidates will come from elsewhere to fill your ranks. Have we no competent men in the walks of theology amongst ns ? I know we have, and I am surd they would deem it an honour to be engaged iu training students for the Gospel ministry, and that they would enter upon the duty with zeal, foitnfulness, love* Again 1 would press this on the consideration of thei Assembly, and tonasten it in due time. 1 44 Further, I would take the liberty of stating that, in th^ meantime, it might be not a little advantageous to our cause, could we obtain men of worth, common sense* an-j piety, who, under the supervision of the presbyteries^ might be sent to read to and exhort and visit the families of our communion in the most necessitous places. This is to be simply preparatory to the eventual settlement of ordained ministers.' I think this pioneering, when en? trusted to prudent and God-fearing men, would prove satisfactory to the people, and be helpful in promoting the welfare of the Church As we are situated .at present, it is clear ithat something must be devised, even on the most moderate scale, to remedy, in eome degree, the inadequacy of wbtVh we are all sensible. 1 trust, therefore, ih£ Assembly will in its wisdom see fit to organise a scheme tp provide Jur tho wider religious instruction of the people of its charge throughout the whole colony, and collect th^ nia^s of our Pre&byterianism;, so as fo under its for-s available, and thus build up a strong Church in Australia. ' ' Having offered these remarks, betore I conclude, let rjfe call upon the elders and ministers of this Assembly, as they are about to enter upon their duties, to bear in mind whose sen ants they are, in whose cause they are engaged, ana the important consequences of their deliberations on the Church over which they preside. Let the spirit of peade and brotherly leve prevail. Whilst there is boldness 4f speech, let there be the amiability of Christian affeutionate sess ; and whilst there is warmth in 'debate, let there tie exhibited kindliness of bearing to each other, so that up unseemly bitterness disturb the harmony of brethren. And may the Great Head of the Church command His blessing upon us, direct us by His own wisdom, enrich us out of the fulness that is in Himself and make us greatly instrumental in advancing the Church which he redeemed by His blood.' ' The Modebatoe then called for the report of the Com mittee of Bills and Overtures, which was brought up by the Rev. J. B. Laughton, the Clerk of Assembly. The Assembly settled the order of business for Wednes day, the 14th instant, and also fixed ordinary hours of meeting every day during the session— on every lawful day between 10.30 a.m. and 2.30 p.m., and between 6 p.m. ana such time after ob the Assembly should determine. Hourfe, except in certain specified cases, not to be altered, except on motion. A diet for devotional exercises was fixed for Wednesday morning, at 9.30. Tbe Assembly adjourned at twenty minutes to 10 o'clock until the following morning at 10* Secoxd Sederuxt. — The General Assembly met yes terday morning, pursuant to adjournment, at 10 o'clock, asd after devotional exercises pruoeeded to business. ADM16FION OF THE REV. 6. HUMPHRIES. ' The Clehk of Assembly read a report from the Pres bytery of Sydney relative to the admission of the Rev. Samuel Humphries, of Sydney. It appeared that Mr. Humphries and his congregation had been admitted by that Presbytery, subject to the approval of the General Assembly. Afrer some discussion (in which Rev, Mr, Patterson, Dr. Lang, Mr. Adam of Carcour, Mr. Adam Thomson, Mr. M'Phee, Mr, Geikie, and Dr. Moon tpok part), it was resolved that the case be postponed until te* morrow (Thursday^ morning, and that the clerk of the said Presbytery be instructed to produce all papers in the case. ADMISSION OF THE IIEV. MR. GALLOWAY. The General Assembly approved* of what had been done by the Yass Presbytery relative to the admission of the Kev. Mr. Galloway, lately arrived in this colony from Scotland. SAEHATH OBSERVANCE. The Clerk of A*8rM»LV read a communication received from the Presbyterian Church in South Australia, re specting Sfljbdfti observance on Itonrd hor Majesty's ships viie*s King in harbour. The South Australian Church invited co-operation in the courso they proposed to take £n thismutt«r. After some remarks by the Hev. Adam Thomson on tbe form of the document, which he thought should have been addressed to tbe ' General Assembly' rather than to the 'Moderator,' the communication was (ou the motipn of the Kev. J. B. Laughton) referred to the committed on religion and statistics. heathen missions, etc. Tbe Clebx of Assembly read a letter addressed to him by tbe Rev. George Mackie, of Albury. The letter, which contained information relative to the progress of missionary work in the interior carried on by the Presbyterian Church in Victona, was as follows : — 'Manse, Albury, 9th October, 1863.? | ' Ify dear Mr. Laughton,— Expecting to have been ia Sydney about this timp, I was instructed by tbe Commission of our Assembly to appear smonp you and present our fraternal congra tulations. Bat, from having been from borne three weelu in mission work in the bnsb, I find It impossible to proceed to Sydney at present. I am sorry for this, for it would have been a true pleasure and a great oenefit to be among you at your annual gathering. 1 should have liked also to thank your Assembly, in person, for your second handsome donation to the Jwri* of our hw|hcB jni»]o&i;| It h&i; been I great help to us, and it Is at tbeeamo jjme a token of brotherly nndDess and te- 1 putd. Tbe vorK' of 'tbesp 'missions continues lo'prospef. At It»tn«b ? Yuchl, in Gipps Land, the aboriginal miasisn, under IroiLur the Rev. F. A. Hagermann and hia excellent wife, is now fairi- established upon* solid basis. 'Very -?e6ently there were fldtkdfour,yciurgmeaby baptism, There is now a Chrisiion congregation of dboUl twenty, wbo,With their wWes a&A;'tihlldreu aod acquaintance*, make up a general opngrfgatiai( of about sixty or seventy in attendance o& tbe tnca&sdf; grace. We have k\n com pleted a huge school-house, where the children are to be kept as boarders and carefully instructed in the truths of the Gospel. In regard to tbe Chinese Mission, *e.hpVehad.lheRev-Ur, Matthew set apart aa its superintendent, and in tua way tike Church wul 1 bave reason shortly to confide .In the prudence and wisdon of the *oik. In Maryborough, and Ballarat, and Melbourne, aotive exsrtions are betap put forth, and the Chinese are everywhere villfr.g to Ifoun to tbe missionary. We trust coon to have a convcrt let t part for th* work in Beechworth, and my brother of Kiama wilt be able to inform you that we we taking means to pi ovideaChlnese m i*stanary for your Heathen Missions Committee. 1 hope step to beabletobaTedefisite information tooommunioate on this ' matter. In your venermble Assembly may tbe Great WaetPT be-present, din-cting.and controlling all your deliberations : for Bis own gUry and for your people's comTort. | i ' Again expressing my sorrow at being debarred from being with you, . j ' 1 beg to remain, I ' Yours in the Lord Jesus, and most faithfally, ] 'Gboro* Mackis. ! ' To the Rev. Mr. Laughton, Clerk of Assembly.' j The General Assembly ordered that the letter be re- j ceived, and instructed the Moderator to reply to the same, j CORRESPONDING VBMBER. I On the motion of the Rev. .Adam Thomson, the Rev. | Mr. MacKray, a minister of the Church of Sootland, was invited, Amidst loud expression^ of approval, to take his seat in the General Assembly, as a corresponding member. The Rev. Mr. MacKray expressed himself emtremely . gratiiied by the manner in which ho had been received by tbe Assembly. The Modekator intimated to Mr. MacKray that aiTange ments would bo made fur that gentleman to address the General Assembly to-morrow (Thursday) evening, at 8 o'clock. CASE OF MR. ARMSTRONG. The Rev. W, Purveb moved that the General Assembly do authorise the Presbytery of the Hunter to proceed to license Mr. Armstrosg (admitted on the 9th of March last) when the presbytery shall be satisfied as to his qualifica tions. The Rev. John Dougall seconded the motion* 4 The Rev. William Bain (of Newcastle) sustained the ; recommendation of the Presbytery of tha Hunter, and . spoke highly of Mr. Armstrong's qualifications. Mr. Arm- i strong was a Master of Arts of the University of Ediu- | burgh. : The Rev. W, Purvea explained what had been doue by ! the Pie*-bytery of the Hunter, and stated tbe exercises » which Mr. Armstrong had already submitted to th'ern. ? A long and ratherdesultory discussion followed, in which ; the Revs. Messrs. J. B. Laughton, A. Thomson, J. Coutts, | Japes Bcnvfo, Dr. Fullertun, Dr. Beg, J. M4Gibbon, W. f Purvey Mr. Patterson, Mr. Kinross, Mr. Adams, Mr. I M'Keneie, Dr. Moon, J. Dougall, and other members! of the Assembly took part. The character and per- ' sonal talent of Mr. Armstrong were spoken of in! the very highest terms by. several of the speakers, \ and the justice of thoce terms was not iu any* degree queisbuned ; nevertheless, in the opinion of some, it 1 was thought as ra tnattei* of principle tobenotdesirable fort the General Assembly to give an absolute sanction to thei proposal of tbe Presbytery until Mr. Armstrong should! have gone through some further and more special course of; theological study. - The Rev. Mi*. Purves said that all that was desired wasj to have by asticipation the sanction of the General Assembly! 1o the licensing of Mr. Armstrong by the Presbytery of the I Hunter, whenever it should appear to them to be right and! proper to take that step. ' The duty so to try . and examine! all candidate* for the Ministiy was certainly one which rested with the Presbyteries. . -Ultimately the debate was brought to a dose by the* Assembly passing netnine eontradicent e the following' motion, moved by the Rev. Adam -Thomson,—^ That, the Presbytery be authorised to take Mr. Armstrong | on trial, with a view to lioense; it being, at the! . same time, an instruction to the Presbytery to proceed to' license only, after having.folly satisfied itself as to Mr.: Armstrong possessing competent qualifications ill. the! several departments or theological study.' ' j CASE OF MR- NAIRN: j This wbb a similar matter to the preceding. The Geu-s eral Assembly called upon the Presbytery ;of the Hunter, for a full report. ~ s . ROUTINE RD8INE6S. ; The remainder of the sederunt was occupied with thei consideration of,fcrms of procedure* the appointment of- auditors, &c.;, and the appointment of committee to review! records of Presbyteries. Third Sederunt. — The General Assembly met again in the evening, at 6 o'clock. f CHURCH EXTENSION COMMITTEE. f The Moderator called for thfe report of the Church^ Extension Committee. 1 The report was then read by4he convener, the RevJ Adam Thomson. ' The report (which contained severs^ pailiculars of interest to the Presbyterian community); suggested that deputations be appointed, annually, to visit ' the different missions, and ' the congregations generally. It. was thought that such a plan would be found to be highly conducive to the - promotion of Evangelistic) religion. It was urged that the numerous members of the Presbyterian Churches might, by the work' ipg out of such a system, be . led to take d more lively interest in the Church of their fathers. Td them and to their families the benefits thus to be.bestoweJ could hot fail of being .very great. For the want of du^ ministration of the means of grace, it was painful to thinlf of Ihe chi dren of many members of their communion is the interior. The report earnestly set forth the necessity for a more enlarged provision to be made for Church ex« tension in the interior. It behoved them folly to set their case — as regarded the wants of the Presbyterians in th£ country districts— before the home Churches, and to request th-mto assist the Church here both with men and with money. ? _ j Tbe Rev. l)r. Steel said that there were now no less tli i:T. Us distiicts of the colony in which ministers were required ; but he knew of only two ministers who were eligible )o supply these vacancies. We knew of none who were coxaiDf; out from home, but it was stated that the Free Church Committee could have sent more men if they hod had money. He urged upon the Assembly the neces sity of mnking more strenuous efforts to »btain additional labourer*, li was neceroary that we get at once as many more ministers as we had money ia hand to pay their paa K-ge. Ko doubt tbe selection of ministers waa extremely difficult, and it was almost next to, impossible to get suit able men unless by the conference of ministers from this colony. He thought that the difficulty would b? increated if we cu-ked the Churches at home for money, as well as men. He believed that there were districts abb and willing to support settled ministers in the colony, if they could only get the right sart of men. We ought to devote ourselves more earnestly to . the securing of a colonial trained ministry. We had already done some thing in this regard, and had produced a few veiy creditable specimens. Eut our catechists were now nearly all received into the ministry, and there was no appear ance of further supplies irom thiB souroe. He thought that the Church had suffered from placing inexperienced men from home in remote districts where the practical working of Church affairs was not very beneficial. Several of these gentlemen had left the district before the time stated by the committee, and we ought to insist that no man should leave the district to which he had been appointed without supply, because tbe effect of so doinghad been to damp the ardour and bind np the liberality of Christian gentlemen who had previously undertaken to subscribe their stipends. He should like that the committee shonld never surrender a sphere which it had once taken up, and we ought not to support new charges at the expense of letting the old ones go to waste. That had been the case with several, Tain worth among the number. We should have ministers sent to seek out new districts and to organise new spheres of labour. We ought to make a resolute endeavour to over take the needs of the colony. He moved,— ' Receive the report, and thank the committee for their labours, and especially recognise the many services in connection with this committee the Convener has rendered to the Church. The Assembly further expresses its sense of the immediate need of additional ministers to occupy the locali ties, with stated supply of the ordinances of the Church, and instructs the committee to use all expedition for pro curing ministers from Europe, and by means of deputation throughout tbe colony, to increase the interest of members of the Church in the operations of this committee.' The Rev. Mr. Niven seconded the motion. He said that while gnat difficulty in getting ministers from home was felt b}' thiB colony, the same difficulty did not exist with regard to New Zealand and Victoria. He thought that the cause of our ill snccess was not an unwillingness on the part of ministers to come out here, but from an absolute ignorance that existed of the claims and needs of onr Church. As had already been suggested, we had not tuade any progTero since tlia union, and bad dose little uioro than maintain our own. The Rev- A.' C. Geikie moved the following amend ment,—' That tho assembly receive tho report, commend the' diligence of the committee, and especially the labours of the convener, and refer tho consideration of this most mo mentous Fubject, together with the maLagemcnt of the 8upplLmontiity fund to a committee of the whole House.' Be moved the amendment simply on the ground that there was not now time to consider ibe mattir fully. He strongly animadverted on the picking and choosing that hod been going: on in refer ence to the work of tho Church. He was bound to his own place ; and so wire all the old settled ministers. But sumo seemed to regard the guarantee of the committee of £200 for two years to those whu came out as a sort of travelling fellowship ; and they abandoned their appointments as they liked. Squatters find other rich men were naturally and properly dibgusted with this sort of thing ; and every fresh effort that was made under the present system waa only finding to alienate the support nf those who subscribed for ministerial iwrvice they never got. He thought that tho powers of the Church extfnsion ought to be full and tummary, and he considered tbat the help given to bongre gations ought to be periodically revised. The help of the Church was intended to bo for a moment, and not tor ever. Be was not opposed to a* ting for pecuniary assistance from borne ; and while he was willing to admit that the Church at home had sent us pome good men, yet he siid tbat unless they sent us suitable men they had better keep them at home. The Rev. J. M'Gjbbon seconded the amendment. Ihe Rev. Sr. Steel withdrew his motion. The Rev. Dr. IjAko considered that the practice of ministers drawing their stipends and returning to Sydney witfcont fulfilling tbe time tor wfeioh they were appointed, was cne whith ought not to be allowed. It was nit the with of the eiiiiiniHIee'»bat they should do sn, nnd it only proved that the men who were chargeable with this oonduat were not fitted for the work of the Church in the colony. There were other nieb. however, who entered npon their arduous duties with willingness and success. The n*ult was that in some instances tbe whole of their stipends were cheer fully subscribed on the spot. With regard tothe suggestion of Dr. Steel for tbe appointment of deputations, he was not ?uite convinced that it was the beat thing to be done. He thimpht (hat the American practice — the appointment of a paid and properly qualified secretary — would be far better. He was quite sure ihat, if the rituation of the churches of the colony was presented to 'the ohurches at home, the money as well ob the men would be forthcoming. It was manifestly impossible to maintain the ordinances of religion in New South Wales as they were maintained in populous localities at home. ,He cordially agreed with the motion of Mr. Geikie. Tbe Rev. James Cahebon expressed Ins admiration of thf very able report which the Convener of the committee had submitted. He regarded the question of the supDly of ministers from home as a question which involved not merely the extension, but the conservation of our Church. On every ground this question was the most vital and prcsting at the present time. The object aimed at by the appointment of deputations was the right one, and he tbuught that if we had an organising agent to work up new spheres, it would do away with that peripatetic practice to which reference had been made. He did not think that it was nccessery to appeal to the mother-country for pecu niary help, for we had at the present time from £500 to £1100. Such en appeal yfould dc most prejudicial to the ChurUi in this colony,' and he strongly deprecated our going to the home country in a begging attitude. It would be also extremely desirable if steps could be taken to secure the publication of correct and comprehensive acoounts of tbe state uf the colonial Church in tho home periodieals. 1'he operation of such a plan had already been found to be very beneficial to the Church, and had frequently awakened a lively interest in our affairs. The Kev. Mr. Mackie, whom they all knew, and who still entertained a great interest in their affairs, had himself personally expressed his warm approval of such a course ot proceeding. He thought it also desirable that from time to time ministers should be sent home, who, on visiting the mother country, might be enabled to give their - fellow church iron a proper idea of what it was that was here required and also of tho opportunities ,cpen for ministers. Such agents, duly accredited on their behalf, could not fail of acting very . beneficially. He had himself felt that if so ac credited whilst absent from' the colony, he might have induced many mors ministers to come out to this sphere of usefulness. The Rev. W. Pcbves argued that the Church at home properly shared with them in the responsibility of having to pro-vide for Presbyterians in tbe interior of this colony. It was only right, therefore, that they should be invited to co-operate in providing the means ef graoe for those who were now without them. Tho Ber. Mr. Adams, of Carcoar, concurred in the - remarks which had fallen from a previous speaker in favour of baving;Comprebensive accounts as to the state of the ' Church published in the home periodicals. It was through ? ? what be had seen in one of those periodicals that he had come to this country. , ' The Rev. Mr. Kikkosb suggested the adjournment of' the debate until Saturday morning. The Rev. Adam Thomson rather regretted the course ' the argument had taken, And earnestly pressed upon the Assembly the importanoe of the question. He hoped the ' Assembly would bear the whole matter in mind, and not , lose sight of the practical suggestion that it was most de- ; arable for the Church, at home to be earnestly called upon to assist with pecuniary aid as well as men. i The Assembly then, agreed to a vote of thanks to the Convener of the Committee, and the subject was ordered to stand over until Saturday morning next. ' COLLEGE COMMITTEE. The Rev. W. Purves, convener of the St. .Andrew's , College Committee, brought up the report of that oom- : mittee, and read the some to the House. The Rev. S. B. Laughton moved that the report be : received, ' the convener thanked, and the committee re quested to continue their labours. The Rev. Sr. Steel thought that the motion proposed would not be sufficient, and stated mhh' technical grounds fur bis objection. After some discussion of a conversational character, The Rev. J. B. Laughton withdrew his motion. He had risen tc make that motion because no other member had seemed prepared to speak. It was too important a matter to be suffered to fall through. The Rev. Dr. Steel moved that the report be received, and that the convener be thanked for his labours. The Hev. Jons M'GiBBoif wished to know whether this f* reception ' was equivalent to an ' adoption ?' The Hev. Dr. Steel : Certainly not. I only moved that the report be received. The Rev. Jdr. Bain moved, as an amendment, that the report be adopted. The £ev. Sr. Land could not see the necessity for bring-, ing the matter before the Assembly, The committee had received instructions how to act. The Rev. Mr. Patterson was opposed to both the re . reption or the adoption. The amendment, moveftby the Rev. Mr. Bain, was ulti mately withdrawn, and the motion made by Dr. Steel wss carried tiem. eon., and the Convener thanked for his labours. assembly's expenses. The Rev. Mr. Adah brought up the report of the com mittee on (he Assembly's expenses, and read the same to the Assembly. ' The Rev. J. B. LArGHTON thought that the case pre sented by the report was one of the dearest and most just that could be brought before the Assembly. He hoped the Assembly would deal fairly with the subject, and settle it once fer all. The Rev. Mr. Bain moved that the report be received, tbe Convener thanked, and the report reserved for future discussion ; the time for such discussion being fixed by the committee of bills and overtures. Tbe Rev. Mr. Pckves seconded the motion, which was put and carried. The General Assembly adjourned at ten minutes to 10 o'clock. GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE fRESBY terian church of new souni WALES. [Continued from page 8.] focBTH Sedehlnt.— Tbc General Assembly of the Frus bvterian Church of New South Wales meton Thursday, the l&th; instant, at 10 o'clock a.m. ; and, after prayer, pre ceded lo buMncro. ADMISSION OF THE RET. 6. HUMPHRIES. The WoDEUATon called for papers in the casg of the application vf the Reverend Samuel Humphries for ud uiiw-ion. The pepprs cxillc-d for were produced by the Rev. R. S. Faterson, Clerk of the Presbytery of Sydney. The most, important of \bcfie dwuwwrts were thereupon Tead,UTuucW« 4he petii ion of the Kev. S. Humphries, the petition from his coDgre^mion, imd the report of committee of the Pres bytery ot Sydney appointed to inquire into the circum J.IU&CC;& of tho ca^e. Tbe Rev. J. 13. Lavghton, while testifying his willing ricts to receive the lU*v. Samuel Humphries a* a Christian ij.iuUter ol loug sir riding who desired to join ihcir Church with bis conprt frniiuu. thought it right to draw attention the fnet tbflt tlellev Mr. Humphries had nor been orddinel a minister by ihe luyfafr on of the hand' yf Presbyter*, as va6 tbe established form of their Church. He BU^K^ted tbat some notice fhouM be t/ikunof that fact in the wording ?of tbe motion ior Mr. Humphries' reception, to prevent the proposed rec**ption of that geutleuian without that ordina tioii from belli? drawn into a precedent. The Bev. Dr. La^'g waa understood to intimate his approval, in general kra^, of \?hat vs*a» now proposed, lie whs string])* in favour of the admission of the ltev. 3Ur. Humphriig*. TbcRev. Dr. Fi ixehtok ww also for the inimeamte reception of the Kev, Mr. Humphries, and earneslly depre cated the raiting cf any question us to the jforra of ordi nation of a clergyman who had already laboured with acceptance as a Christian minister for more than twelve years. He begged to move tbat this Assembly approve of the admission of the Rev. Samuel Humphries and hits ?congregation by the Presbytery of Sydney. Tbe motiiin having been seconded, The Rev. J. B. Lavgtiton moved, as an amendment, that a rider be appended to thi6 motion for Mr. Humphries' Admission, namely— that the case should not be lojked uprn as a precedent. The Rev. Mr. Thomson* did not think that the special -circumstances of this case were such aa wete ever likely to occur again. In this case the Rev. Samuel Humphries had been the pastor of a Christian congregation for the last twenty years, highly respected and universally recognised .as such.* He was a gentleman whom he and many more of liis brethren present highly esteemed as a minister and as a man. He thought they were bound to receive him, The Rev. John Dor gall spoke earnestly in favour of tbe immediate admission of 'he Rev. Mr. Humphries. He did not think that there was any necessity for either reordination, or fur such a special exception in the wording of tbe morion in this case as was called for by the Rev. Mr. Laughton. The Rev. Mr. Geikie fully concurred with the last speaker, considering that the status of Mr. Humphries as aTChristian minister was incontestable. Mr. Humphries -was, moreover, as it appeared, thoroughly calvanistic in his \itws, and therefore, in. every point of vie'w, desirable to be amongst them as one of tbe ministers of that Church. The Rev. Mr. Lavghton consented not to press the rider tc had proposed to have attached to the motion for the ad mission of Mr. Humphries. This withdrawal, or rather non-ins is tan ce of his proposi tion, was (it seemed) due to the desire felt by Mr. Laugh ton, as well as all other members of the Assembly, that the actual vote for the admission of Mr. Humphries should be -a unanimous one, divested of anything that might appear to be any opposition thereto. It was evidently supposed that the effect of this withdrawal, or non-insistance, of this ^proposition would be to have it affirmed separately after ?wards without opposition. The Rev. Mr. Kinross was surprised at the light esti mation that some of his brethren appeared to hold ordina tion by tbe laying on of the hands of the Presbytery. For fcifi own part, he could not see that it would be at all -derogatory to Mr. Humphries even if he were to submit to the form of an ordination by the laying on of the hands of the Presbytery. Still he did not wish to insist upon that. Tor himself he confessed he attached very great importance to the Aposloiical practice of the Church in ordination, ^he laying on of hands was not a sacrament — though that -was, by-the-bye, an un scriptural term — but it was an ordi nance of the Church. It was one thing to recognise a man sea Christian minit-tcr, and another to receive him as a -clergyman of their own body. He made these remarks, of course, wholly irrespective of Mr. Humphries. He had Jvnown and respected Mr. Humphries 'frr many years, and ? *wos aware that, he was a most scriptural preacher and a -thorough Calvinist. He thought, however, they should -guard the practice of their Church. The Rev. John* M'Gibbon sympathised with his ?brother, toe Rev. Mr- Kinross, in his remarks regarding ordination. He considered that they would do well to make such addition to the motion as had been proposed by the .Rev. J. B. Laughton. It might be bo expressed that the .peculiarities of the ordination of the Rev. Mr. Humphries -shciild not be drawn into precedent. (No.) With the ^question of the property of Mr. Humphries1 church they oould have nothing to do. In the case there Was a remark able instatce of outsiders coming in to by and prevent a -congregation lroui continuing to hold their own property. Let Mr. Humphries be received by aU means, but let them take care wluit they did. Let them not allow the slightest .ground for anyone to suppose that they were not aU unani onous for the admission ol Mr. Humphries. The Rev. Dr. Steel spoke in support of the general Tnctsssity of ordination by the lnying on of hands by the Prcfcbytay ; which, divested of any over-importance Tehicli some might be disposed to attach thereto, was, he eaid, an ancient and npostoiic ordinance of the Church. The Rev. Dr. Beg thought that they ought to receive Mr. Humphreys gladly, and in the course of his remarks, -pointed out that 44 ordination by the laving on of hands ' iad not been exclusively the mode of admitring Presbyters th ihe Church of Scotland immediately subsequent to the iRcfccmaiion. The Rev. W. Bain said that the polity of the Church ?ought, at all times, to be respected, and that everything \casnot lobe done in Euch matters as these by the lower ' Church Courts, without the direct authority and sanction of the General Assembly. He considered that the im position of hands by three Presbyters 'was the regular and scriptural mode of proceeding ; be was, nevertheless, quite drilling that Mr. Humphries' admission should be made absolute, but should be regarded as an exceptional case. . ; The Rev. Dr. Steel explained that Mr. Humphries aid | his congregation held, as he believed, the property of their church irrespective of any overruling claim on the part of any particular tecuon of 'the Christian Church, The Hev. Mr. Laughton having formally withdrawn liis proposition, The motion moved by the Rev. Dr. Fullerton was put and passed ticmwe contra dicente. The Rev. J. B. Laughton then brought forward (as a ?substantive motion) ihe same proposition he had already submitted to the House. Tho proposition he had submitted — which he had vithdravro to allow of the motion of Dr. .Tullerton to be affirmed by a unanimous vote— was as follows: — ' That inasmuch us it appears from the docu ments produced in the cane of Mr. Humphries, that Mr. Humphries was ordained in d manner not in accordance -with the usages of this Church (though in accordance with the usages of the Congregational body), namely, 'without | imposition of hands, it is resolved that this formal defect ! - shall not be drawn into a precedent in this Church.' The Rev. W. Bain scconded.the motion. On this being put from the chair a discussion of a very -animated nature arose. The Rev. J. B. Laughton protested against the opposition of some members of the Assembly, .stating tbat he had net insisted on what he now moved solely on the tacit understanding that if he forbore to press the adoption of what he bad proposed it should, after the motion for the admission of Mr. Humphries, receive a' unanimous aspect. This tacit understanding was altogether denied by several speakers taking part in the ^iscusbion, and as censta&tly; affirmed by others. In the course of the debate, for the most part of a conversational character, the Revs- . Messrs. Gordon, Gibson, M 'Gibbon, Steel, Geikie, and others, addressed the Assembly. Mr. Eodgehs (an elder) expressed his earnest hope that the General Assembly weuld, nt all times,' carefully main tain the ancic-nt rules and ordinances of the Presbyterian ?Church. One of the^e ordinances was the ordination » of .ministers by the layiug on of hands by die Presbytery. He had understood tbat Mr. Laughton' s proposition was to . be carried by the Assembly 9ftor the motion for the admission of Mr. Humphries should have been passed. But for that tacit understanding he certainly would not have consented to its withdrawal. The laity regarded the setting apjrt -of the ministry by the layiog on of hands as a matter of ? deep importance, The Rev. Mr. Paterson said there hod been, beyond aU doubt, a tacit understanding that Mr. Laughton' s reso lution should stand as a separate motion for their adoption when he had previously been asked to withdraw it, . The Rev. John M'Gitjbon took the aame view. It waa that there might bo an entire -unanimity of vote on the reception of the Rev. Mr. Humphries that Mr. Laugh ton's suggestion hod been withdrawn* It ought not now to jfce opposed. Here there was a long discussion on the point of order whether the ltev. Mr. Humphries should not properly Lave been received before the proposition moved Tjy Mr, Laughton could be entertained by the Assembly. The Rev. J. B. Laughton complained of the course which had been adopted by those who opposed his motion, and urged upon the house the necessity of having the n.otion he hod brought forward at once pressed to a divi sion. Hp wished to guard tho Church and that house in respect of Presbyterian ordinations. The Rev. W.'Puiiveb proposed to substitute amotion in the place of that moved by the Rev. Mr. Laughton, in which due regard Fhould be had to the fact that Presby terian ordination, by the imposition of handr, was to be recognised as the rule, but avoiding any direct reference mcde to the case of Mr. Humphries. The Her. Mr. Xaughton declined te accept the alteration proposed, bfit eventually, with his seconder, consented to let the motion stand as follows : — t( That inasmuch as it appears from the documents produced in the case of Mr. Humphries, that Mr. Humphries wa6 brdaincd in a manner not in accord .anoc with tbe usages of this Church, it is resolved thAt that want of form in his origination shall not bo drawn into a precedent in this Church.' The Rev. Adam Thomson proposed, an an amendment to the motion now made by the -JRev. J.SB. Laughton, 1 'That the house do proceed to the next business.' This ^rould be, in fact, a motion for the previous question, . trte Rev. Dr. Fullest -SK seconded the Amendment, lbc Kev. John M'Giimotf and the Rev. J. B. Laugh ton objected to tbo amendment ft* being out of order. The Lnii*e wns clearly bound to come to a determinate vote. The Rev. John Dougall objected to Mr. Laughton's motion, and contended that the General Assembly ought at once to proceed to the formal reception of the Rev. Si Huiiipbrif*. He was decidedly in favour of the motion of llic Rev. Mr. Thomson. The motion moved by the Rev. J. B. Laughton, as alxivc modified, was earned, ona division, by a majority of liO to 19 votes. The following members of Assembly diaaentcd The Rev. Mi'Mi-« Thomson. FuUerton, Purven, Caiueroo. JBhunj June* Pau-rsun, Gtikie, Dougall. JohnBton, and Gibson. The Moijehatou then rone, and received the Rev. Snniwl Humphries ne r ministi-r of th«» Presbyterian Church of N- w Stuth Wales, giving him the right hand ol ft-llout-bip. The lvev. tlie Muueiiatou said : I am very happy to inform you that I am deputed by this Gent'.t\d Assembly to admit you h iiiiniMfrof our Church. Wu are pors mally utiknoVn to me, but, from what X have heu-d from so uihny of my ix v« rend brethren here to-day, 1 h tve no doubt \\\Late\er but thai you will at all times be active nnd zoalouh in your duly an a minister of this Church. 1 wil lingly extend t«» ^u the light hand of fellowship, and, uhUbt h- doing, 1 feel coutidcnt that, your ministrations vili be acceptable and lem lirial to the flock of Christ whom }i-u ►hall have in your charge. The Hveral nicinbot- of the Assembly then warmly mtti-d the Rev. Mr. Humphries. M't AMJllEWS' riiE.SHYTEblAN CHl'ECH, l'AUHAMATTA. llu lit' v. Mj L'amekun nad a m-ni-rm of -tweu-y-tive iiu:mbt!- ot the Cou^rcgaiion of fc-u Anircwa* Presbyterian Cl.*:rcli. leltniw to certain alleged innovations in ihe per* toiD.riiC* of Divine Scrvice in that church. Thoinnova ?ioi;t. coji.phiinj'd «rf consisted of tbe introduction of a new li-ii-n aiid of n practice of kneeling in prayer instead i»t titahdiut/i sa.ii « t' standing up to sing hvmu-' aud psUois, jihimd ot to Mhg hs hereiofore. It app*ired that 'be arrflDgt-u.eU c-mpl.iiueii of by the memorialists, jis ngMdid the hymn bo: k. iiad been mode by the authority '1 the miniMC'i- anu of the Kirk Session. As regarded the p»*luie* -yf numbers of the congregation ia pmyer aiid pi him'., &c.;, those had been such as it had Imii phasing 10 the individual members to adopt, the Kitk N\\----i«-n t.ot having made any f-pesial rule there anent. 'Ihe pHpere who brought before the Assembly by Ihe Pres bjtery of the Ha\\\ kef-bury. In the papers presented there wan a strong t-ignification of approval of the mode of con /iuctinjf set vice ut thin chui'cb, iuad-j by a great majority of tbow wbo attended the rellgi jus services there held. The lJne-byit-iy of the Hawkesbury bad felt a difficulty in deciding the quesiious raised by tbe memorialists first Lefore-alluded to, nnd had brought it to the General AtfCUibly to oetermine. ! The reference having been sustained, Mr. Ratteay (ouc of the n»emoriali«ta complaining of the use olthe hymn book and of the posture*, &c.;, during Divine service) was heard in snpport of the complaint mode, und in favour of the prohibition asked for. The matter was adjourned at the end of the sederunt. Iiith Sederunt The General Assembly met in the evening, at 6 o'clock. 11EFEKENCE FliOM SINGLETON. The Moderatok culled tor papers from the trustees of the church at Singleton, requesting the Assembly to tanction the application of a sum of money from the pro ceeds of tbe Cliurch and School Lands. The Rev. Mr. PuitvES explained what was wanted, but said that he doubled whether the Assembly could interfere as requested. The Rev. J. Dougall thought it would be premature in the Assembly to take this matter up. until the question as to these Church and School Lands should be settled by the Legislature. After some further rcmnrks from Mr. Purybs, * The Rev. Adam Thomson thought it was quite clear tbie was a matter in which they could do nothing. The AEsembly not being in a posiuon to take action in the matter, he would move tbe following : — u That, inasmuch as applications for aid towards the building and repair of churches have not hitherto been before this Assembly, and as the question of Church and School Estates of the colony, through which «Ione uuch aid could be derived, has not,' so liar as is known to the Assembly, been finally settled, the Asseu-bly feels itself precluded from adjudicating on the present application.' This was seconded by the Rev. Mr. Dougall, and agreed to. MISSIONS TO THE HEATHEN. The Rev. Mr. Kinhoss brought up a report from the committee on Missions to the Heathens, and also an appli cation &om; the Rev J. G. Haussman to be allowed to form a mission on ibe Tweed River, to which was added a sketch of hi6 life end testimonials, the latter being laid upon the table. The Rev. Dr. Steel, in moving the adoption of the report, said he was called upon to offer some explanation of matters contained in it. He congratulated the Assembly, that . the Church had now received the services of a missionary of its 'own in the New Hebrides. Mr. Gordon made an offer of his services to the Church at tbc end of this year, and that offer had been accepted, subject to the approval of the General Assembly. After his brother had fallen a prey to the people ot Erromango he yolunteered to become a mission ary to that blood-stained soil. H^ had gained a footing on Espctetu Santo, one£ of the New Hebrides, but, being so well received by the natives of Erromango, it was con sidered desirable that he should stay there at present hop ing the Church would recognise his motives for so doing. The next matter was the support of the missionary vessel Pay Spring, without which the missions to these islands could not be maintained. The Church in Victoria had promised £500 a-year, the two Cigurches in Nova Scotia £250 each, and $2ew South Wales and Tasmania had can tributed liberally ; and the committee resolved to recom mend to the Assembly that the committee should be autho rised to contribute the »'''»! sum of not less than £290, which would only require to be gathered from the Sabbath scholars. The next proposal was in reference to the insurance of the vessel to the extent of £3000, and this also was recommended by the committee. Coming to die subject of the depsrtation of natives from the New Hebrides to Fiji and Queensland, be referred to statements of cruelties having been, practised in the di-tricts where these men had bran settled, and said it was important that some check should be given, and of necessary the Assembly should be asked to petition the Government on the subject. The question had already been brought under the notice of his Excellency the Governor, and papers on the subject were now before the British Parliament. It must be mentioned that the missionaries said the men were mad to go ; wanting to sea the world, get a little money, and come back again. But to many of the males were said to be taken away aa to leave some of tbe islands with onlv children, infirm males, and females. With regard to the application of Mr. Haussmann for appointment as a missionary catechist, and the establishment of a mission on the Tweed River, on the border of Queensland, where there were a considerable number of blacks. The committee recom meiided the favourable consideration of this proposal, if the Afsemblv were satisfied on further inquiry of its practica bility. ife concluded by moving that the thanks of the Assembly be given to the committee and convenor for their labours during tbe year— that the services of the Rev. Mr. Gordon on the New Hebrides be accepted — that £290 be contributed towards the support ot the missionary vessel Day Spring— that the proposal of an insurance fund of £3000 be approved of —and that the committee be instructed to inquire into certain evila stated to exist in connexion with die deportation of natives from the New Hebrides, and if necessary, to prepare a petition to be presented through the Moderator to his Excellency the Governor. The Rev. Dr. Lang seconded the proposals, and went into a description of the state of things he found on a recent visit to M.r. Raff's plantation, ubout thirty miles from Brisbane, where a large number of these islanders woe employed. He admitted that ihe kidnapping' «f islanders by tbe masters of vessels was a matter to be dealt with only by the Imperial Government, and required the surveillance of the naval forces on this station* He spoke very favourably of the character and abilities of Mr. Haussmann, and recommended the acceptance of his ser vices in tbe office of missionary catechist in the northern portion of the eastern coast* The resolutions were agreed to. A11DHESB. A very able address on matters relative to the condition of the Church of Scotland, and on the eubjcct of Presby tcriun Union, was delivered by the Rev. A. M. Mccknty, who was commissioned from the Free Church of Scotlsnd. The thanks of the Assembly— moved for by the Rev. Dr. Steel, and seconded by the Rev. Mr. DocgKll— were conveyed to Mr. Mockray for the obligation conferred. , The Assembly adjourned at five minutes to 10 o'clock The following report of the Church Exfension-Comaiit- . tee— called for by the Moderator of the Ge-neral Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of 'New South Wales— was read to the Assembly by the Convener (the Rev. Anam Thomson) on Wednesday last. It was then taken mto consideration, and its further consideration eventually postponed until Saturday, the 17th instant : — , ItEPOET OF HOME MISSION AND C'UCBCH EXTENSION COMMIT! EE. Your committee, in prt-sonting tbeir annual report, regret tbat 1h« ir operations dursr g tbe pa*t year bave bwn »-adly incouimeu burtiie with tbe magnitude of the work lying to tbem. They bave endt avowed to turn to tbe best account tbe resources at their command ; but thrir refourcra have been limited. It ifi satisfactory t«- hav« to report that four of our congrega tions, vacant on tbe date of last rc-pnrt, have been supplied with a settled miiiie'ry. In the mouth of December labt, the Rev. J.iines BeiAie, who bad arrived in the eolonv only a few months before, was iaducted iu tbe important change of west Maitland. In the Djontn of July, the Rev. Itor.ger M'Kionom ali-entiow of our own Church (after bavin? long acted bp araoet efficient catechist In it), wap ordained by th»* Pret- bytFry of lllawarra, ar.H inductcl in tbe S&ttoral; cbarge'of WoUongonjr. ThcJ ltev. Henry Macreadv, who ad b*-en received in the close of laat year, as one of too ten additional ministers applied for from thr* mother c.'Utttry, wap, after occasional services elfuwhcre, appointed to supply liraid wood, and having been unanimously called br tbe congregation tbere. waa in the mouth of August last, inducted as minister of the charge by the Preebytery( of Goulburn ; aud tbe Ucv. Archibald Gilchrist was, in tbe month of September, ordained by the Preebytcry of Sydney orer the congrrgution of Newtown. In connection with the additional ministers applied for from the homeChurcbis, tbe cnmmltteo bave to exprcts their deep scrrow tbat the Bev. ltabert Markland, tneotionrd in lout report as shortly nxpr-ctert from tbe Established Church of Bcclland, died on hie pasrage out He was a young minUtcr of hiph promiFo, and we were looking forward to hia arrival with much interest aba valuable accession to our Cburch. He left Scotland, supposing his destination to be Australia, but the hovtreipi Ruler, who ie Lord, not only of both hemit-i-heru6, but of both worlds, ordered u jrore dlftaai translation. Of the agents (otber th in catecMita) who were luUonring under I the direction of. your committee, at the tote of last report, tho 1 lU'V, ^dam Gordon continues bin useful noiftfstration^tTaralga; tbe it#T« Tbotn continue* At# also, with the dil/f'»ce and fflf-d(lrtsl c2?-racte» Istic of him. in the Richmond Kiver «4iatrict ; the Rev. tVlllisai Thorn* after fulfilling a cix m on tha' appoint ment to tbc district of Dnbbo ami 'Wellington, is now employed , * ith much acefptantc In tbat or Penritb, and St. Mary's, Boutft I Creek : while tne Kcr. M'U'lbmM'Cultsph, after labonrlng for a I short time at Tamwortft, left for Tasmania ; and the Rev. John Jouiistnn, irbo was employed for six months at Twofold Bay, at-d mere recently at Camptrtl-tows, is about to return to fcotland. Apail from those already named, (wo bave been added to our eu fi of minister* and probationers during the year. One is the Rev. Joints Galloway, an ordained minfrter of tho Free Cburch of Scotland, und received by the Prertytery of tydney from tbe Church in Victoria, who waa sent some months ngo to Porbra, on the Luchlan, where be still continues to labour, 'ibe other i6 Mr. Ulue, a licentiate of our own Church—having btiB liccr.wd, in the course of the present year, b? the Pres byter; of lllawarra, within the bounds of which he bad long ?abound with eximplary fceal and dillgencc in the subordinate cpacity cf cattcbirt. Mr. Blue, after supplying for a ehort time, at Forbif, on tbp Luchlan (previously to 'the appointment oi Mr. Galloway), and afterwards, for a longer period, Kockey ncuth hiici L'lmurrti. on the Clarence, ta6 latterly been employed at L-'en, liega, :-Dd pjnbula. Twofold Bay, wbere he received a call to Mtllc at- minisu-r ; which call, however, he ha9 seen it to bi hif duty lo decline. Of the cMtf-cl iets mentioned in la*t report, two still labour in that cflphcitj— Meftr6. Nairn and^Mood. Mr. Nairn continues with uieigy in his work at Wallsend, wiih tbe out-stations ol Vurutuh and SJitimi on tbe Lower Hunter. Tbe district is self-supporting ; . and at Wallsend, a churcb, capable of containing 250 persona, has bron erccti d by tbe people during the year, at a cost of £510— oiie-halt ol wbich bus been aiready p.ld ; the congregations are good; A ?? mutual improvement society' has been established, iitid tbitt it a flourishing Sabbath-school. Ur. Mood has broken mw ground at &utl;*ii k'oribt aud KaUai, Mvttagong; at both, of MhicnpiBct* thire U a coi:siderable Presbyterian population, « bile there bad hitherto been no provUioa for supplying tbem with rcligioui* ordinaccis in connection with their own denomi nation. The peculation in tbe neighbourhood of Nattai is likely to ikcrtatc rupi'.ly on the resumption— wbich is cxpected — of (?Dirliii-g opMaiums at the neighbouring Iron ntine6. Both at Hottoi; Kon*t and Natta', Mr Mood bas been cordially welcomed ai-d libermlly supported. He gives occasional services also at lierrilua, Burra»nng, Varrawu, and Kangaloon. Hia work is aiGUuuc, but he hai entend on it with great zeal, and with much ucci i.iuiice on ibe part of tbc people, and there i$ reason to hope thiii Li* labour ' thall not be in vain iu the Lord.' Huch in a hurried recital of the operations under the direction of jour committee during tbe past ^ear. Tbey have been far fhort of whMtbe requirements of the colony end iu claims oa «'Ur Cburch dtmtind. Ot the spiritual effect of these operations; f-uth us they are. mc are unable to ppcak. We sigh for more of vit-ible ftuit. Still, wc cannot doubt tbat good has been done; which is btyond our cognisance, and of whicb we can give no report— for *' the Kingdom of God is as if a man should cast seed ii.io the ground, ar.d t-bould sleep, endiise nigbfand day, and (be reed should spiing and grow up, he knowctb not how.' -The good se«a of the W«rd has been sown independence on the Divine blessing ; and we cannot doubt that God ' will give the iucrt-ate.' U e cannot, however, but deeply lament that the su« ing of tbe seed— or the sowing of it in favourable circum fc-tances— hes beea much hindered by the insufficient contact biiwixt the Church and the several fields of labour, and by the paucity of labourers at our command, and— partly in consequence ol .tbii*— the sbiftiug and incoi-tinuous character ol their labours. In reviewing the «o;k which has devolved on them dariog the pafct Ttur, there are twohuggestioas which your committee would tainc sti; proa on th* General Assembly. One is, that deputations be appointed annually lo visit the several mission stations of our C'buicb, for acquiring fuller information as to their actual coc diiten at-d want*, stimulating and encouraging the people ia the work of tbe Lord among tbem, and deej-euing the interest of the Churcb at large in that work,— and to visit tbe congregations of cur Cburch generally, with tbe view of giving a new impulse to all, alike in of internal edification and of combined action in furtherance of the common cauee. A well- arranged t-TFtrm of annual Deputations, throughout the length and breadth ot the Cburch, would, it is believed, exercise a salutary influence -very way, nnd not least in the direction of united Evangelistic iffort. Our other suggestion |6{ that renewed, and very earnest, solici tation be made to the various Home Churches for aid,ia tbe work of meeting th- spiritual wants of the vast interior of this colony. The w ork is not Ires theirs than ours ? Who are they that call for bilp ? Tbe thousands, and - tens of thousands, scattered throughout our far-stretching rural districts, who are be j ond the rcach of all eiatcd religious ministrations, and wbo are in danger of sinking, with their families after tfartn, in absolute heathenism ? Who are they? \Te do not t-peak ot those who are set down in our public census as belong ing te other denominations, but of those who appear in . it as Prehly iiiiaas. Wbo are they ? They, or their fathers, have come, all of tbiin, from the Presbyterian Churches of the mother country. And have tbese churches no longer any concern in them — cofcctra la tfeeta ?? brethren, thelt kiuiwaen according to the flcub !' Are they willing-to let these thousands and ten6 of thousands retain tbe aame derived from themselves, and given to them in tbe census ef the population, as if in bitter mockery wbiie fctidom or never does a Presbyterian minister ever visit tbim, and they recall with despondency the privileges which they once enjoyed in tbe land of thtir birth, and look around with far deeper oe»pondency on the condition and prospects of their chil dren, and are tempted not onlv to reproach man, but. because of man's neglect, even to reproach God, saying 'Where is the sound ing of thy bowels, and of thy mercies toward us ? Are they restrain! d ?' \Vc know the churches of our fatherland too well to believe that, if tbe crse were fairly laid before them, they would withhold help. We know tbe number of men whom they robly send forth year by year, and the large amount ia money w bicb year by year tbey nobly expend for carrying the Gospel to heath ei lands; and it can only be because they are in the dark us to tbe real facts of the case, that those wbo were eo lately tbeir own people, and connected with so many of their own fatni lies still— those pbo are ot the same race with themselves, of the same cfcUTcbcs with themsefcea, spea&ng; the same mother tongue, and worshipping formerly in the same sanctaaries — tbeir brethren alike in tbe flesh and in the Gospel— are now destitute of nil the public means of grace, and tbeir children growing up without ever knowing what it is to go to the house of God — and yet they do nothing to aend to them the gloriooB Got-pel of the blesseid God, with all its accompanying* privileges. The blame lies far more with tbe churches of this land than with the churches at home. V7bat could be expected of the latttr when they do 'not know bow things really are with us, and we have never fairly told ib(-m. The borne churches are apt to think of us as having over flowing coffers in this land of gold, and they send us no money. Lett to suppose, too, that we are in the way of raising up ministers from amcng the vouth of our own churcb, they have a 1 but ceasrd to send \ s men— gifted, devoted men, fitted for . intelligrnt, energetic, earnest Christian work. It is time for us 'O let tbem know that we cannot as yet provide the men needed from among ourselves. Onr ultimate reliance, indeed, must be on a native ministry, and every really living and earnest cburch will provide such. But, in a new countxv, there are many hindrances; and. with our means of theological training, ecarcelv yet initiated, a native ministry must be of slow growth. And it ie time fur us to let them know, also, tbat our pecuniary iteouTces arc eo limited that we cannot as ytt provide fully for tbe maintenance of efficient ministers if we had them. Such Is tbe simple fact, and why should we be ashamed to tell it ? Oar congregations here, or at least many of them, will match in the amount given for religious purposes, or even more than match, in proportion to their numbers, with congre gations anywhere. But our congregations are almost universally small— email, indeed, as compared with congregations at home. Ihe consequence is that, with scarcely an exception, they have a struggle to support rtllgioue ordinances among themselves, while many cannot even do tbat, but require tbe aid of their brethren. Bow, then, are we to provide for tbe wants of our vast interior, with its scantv hut acattered population, spread ever an area — — we speak of New South Wales t-lone — of more than three times the extent of Great Britain! Oar people in the interior them selves, Indeed, arc witling to contribute liberally, so anxious are they for the ministration amongst them ot ' the Word of Life.' But. conetituting only a small minority in so widely dispersed a population, aU that tbey can give, added to what ia raieed by our aggregations on their behalf, is totally inadequate for supplying them with anything approaching to a regular and stated supply of religious ministrations. Let us only tell all this to our home cburcbt-s, reminding them of the mighty influences which prompt and large-hearted action, or the want of it, must exercise in moulding tbe character and deciding the destiny of a petple before \thom a great future lies— a people wbo have brought witb them the spirit and energy and manifold thment* of power characteristic of their parent stock, and are laying the foundations of a nation which may yet wield an influence on thia side the world worthy of its high ancestry on the other; let us only approach the home churches thus Uying our case and claims before them, and asking tbem with all earnestness to ponder their responsibility and obligation^ ; — and can we doubt that it will be put into their hearts, alike : s to men a iid money, to come forward and help us in what is tot only their work and ours, but the Jjord*s . Whatever help, however, we may ask or expect from others, let us never forget the obligations resting on ourselves; and Jet us look beyond all endeavour of our own, and all human help, to God, our strength, bftseeching Him to 'help us, and that right early.' 'Now unto Him that is able to do exceeding abund cntly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that workeih in us, unto Him be glory in the Church, by Christ Jt6us, throughout all ages, world without end. Amen.' 