MR. WALTER MONTGOMERY'S RECITATIONS. Mr. Montgomery gains more and more upon the estimation of the public, as was testified on Saturday afternoon, when there was an exceed ingly large attendance at White's Rooms, con sisting not only of young people, but of those of more advanced years, and including many of our leading colonists. That Mr. Montgomery should achieve this success is, however, no more than his rare and versatile talents are worthy of. In him dead men speak again, and it is at times difficult to realise the fact that we are simply'listening to a recitation. . Every gesticu lation, eveiy-expression of countenance are in keeping with the words that are being uttered. There is nothing labored, no visible anxiety evinced to produce effect, although it follows as the natural result. Undoubtedly; Mr.; Mont gomery has largely the faculty of employing art and, at the same time, concealing its use; His recitations are calculated at once to enter tain, refine, and instruct every one. , The programme commenced with two selec tions from Shakspeafe,' Othello's Address to the Senate," and " Wolsey's Farewell." Othello's indignant repudiation of the charge of'-haVing used witchcraft in securing, the affections of Desdemona was admirably given,- and Wolsey's relentings and sage counsel to .Cromwell were equally well; rendered. ' / Theh'followed " The .-Bells," executed as on previous occasions, with, an effect almost incredible, there being distinctly, y heard in the reverberation of the speaker's voice the sound .of the different description of bells. Next came two of ■ Tom Hood's : humorous poems, viz., "BenBattle" and " Mary's Ghost." Mr. Montgomery is as much at home in the comic as in the tragic, and these pieces kept the audience in .coars 'of.laughter. Not a pun wa3 lost; the cleverness.of Hood—a''.man of in finite jeaf'^-was shown to the.best advantage. The programme closed" with" one of Lord Macaulay's Lays of Ancient Rome, ''The Legend of Horatius"— a ^magnificent specimen of compositionj and.' Mr.; Montgomery, did the great-historian full justice. His rendering of the descriptive parts was as. the narration of something he had personally seen. The. poem is lengthy, but the attention of the audience was enchained throughout its delivery, and they appeared for .the time as much interested m the fate • of 'Horatius as -the - Boman spectators were, and when the noble fellow had " struggled through the raging' flood safe to the landing place," the company- could have joined in the cheering, so' thoroughly were their feelings aroused. In the evening there was .a very good-though not crowded attendance. The front-seats"were very fairly fille'd, and we noticed His Excellency .Colonel and Mrs. Hamley among those" present. The entertainment' commenced ,with-the. reading of the scene from " Borneo and; Juliet,'' in which Mercutio and Benvolio tease" Borneo . about his love,"whereinhe stibkestuptotheears }"andthe former gives the charming description of Queen Mab, "the, fairies', mid wife." J(r. Montgomery's rendering ibf,.l.fhis" selection'was sufficient to stamp hitrt as ap'effect.ma'steryofhis; art; but his greatest triumph was reserved'-for the-trial . scene froin1 th'e'.".Merchant, of Yenice," in .which with marvellous' and 'exquisite' skill he indiyidualised - the.: wholes' of1 the ; characters, I from; the'.Jew;to the" Ilecdrderjof the.Court, rri'introducing' the'selection* he'"said^it- was the most.,difficult_.task he; had-"yet^'under taken ;ih'that'rboni'; add .certainly it was .^eV,'t'mo8t'f:ge°®ni^;j'of.!'; W? ' snccesseft-f The other -^ces>'dti:tK&V;'^granime'fvrard:The Bells" and, .'.'.The-rBloomsbuiy Christening," both of which were given with that degree of " taste* and expression which Mr. ;Mqntgoinery possesses in an eminent f degree'.abOve'-aBpublic elocutionists we have previously had here.. In 'answer to thejoud plaudits which followed the recitation of'" The'Belis,'!ahd at the particular request, as he said, .of a gallant friend, he gave Hood's hum6rmis-po!em " BenBattle." During the; entertainment, in announcing that his Headings would be" limited to" next "week; ex 'cept iipon an occasion for the benefit of a public charity, he returned.his.'hearty-thanks-for the patronage; he had met with ; and said he. had not expected :such large;audiences. as .he, had beemfavbred with, after .the.receptiqn he had had "at the Theatre, and which, had placed a large amount" of money into his and Sir.' Cop '.pin's. .pockets. . .This evening : he will recite " Macbeth" from memory, individualising.every character. •; . ■ . 