PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The annual meeting of the Presbytery was held in Chalmers Schoolroom, North- terrace, on Tues day, May 5; the Rev. John Anderson, Moderator, in the chair. The meeting was opened with the usual devotional exercises. Commissions were read from various Sessions appointing representative Elders for the ensuing 12 months. The Treasurer's accounts were read, showing a balance of about £31 in favour of the Presbytery Fund. The Moderator then delivered a valedictory address, ia which he congratulated the Presbytery on the progress which had been made during the past year, and nominated as his successor the Rev. James Gordon, of Gawler, who, with the con currence of the brethren, at once took the chair. Mr. Murray was re-elected Treasurer. The Committee appointed to confer with the Rev. John Macbean aud the congregation of In verbrackie reported that they held a meeting with them of a most satisfactory character; that the minister and people had expressed a strong desire to be connected with this Presbytery, and had signed a document a copy of which was embodied in the report expressive of their hearty approval of the basis of union, and of their readiness to conform to the rules of the Church. The report recommended that Mr. Macbean be at once received into his church. It was moved by Mr. Haisisg, and seconded by Mr. Gasdser. that the report be adopted, and that Mr. Macbean be at once received, and the motion was carried unani mously. At this point the Presbytery engaged in devotional exercises conducted by Mr. Haining. Mr. Macbgax having signed the formula was kindly welcomed by the Moderator, and received the right hand of fellowship. Mr. Macbean addressed the Presbytery in a few suitable remarks expressive of the delight which he felt in the important relationship he had just formed. The Committee appointed to communicate with other Churches on the subject of the visits of H.M. ships-of-war to the Australian Colonies, and on the practice of opening these vessels to the public for inspection on the Lord's Day. submitted a draft of a letter which had been forwarded to the Mode rators of Presbyterian Churches in Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, and to the Presby tery of Tasmania. The report was approved, and the Committee was instructed to continue its labours. Memorials from the congregations of Clare and Ettrick, praying that Churches should be formed in those places, were received. 'Ihe Presbytery expressed its high satisfaction in the desire contained in those memorials to enjoy the full advantages of Church membership. Messrs. Davidson and Law were appointed to take the necessary steps to form Churches in those places respectively. Mr. Gardner intimated that he was about to proceed to Tasmania, and stated the arrangements he had made for his various services during the period of his absence. The Presbytery cordially sanctioned the arrange ments whieh Mr. Gardner had made, and wished him God speed, and empowered him to represent this Church at the annual meetings of Church Courts in the other colonies which he might have an opportunity of attending. Mr. J. H. Gordon read an essay on 'The argu ment for the existence of God from design,' which was cordially approved of by the Presbytery and sustained. Messrs. Anderson and Michie were appointed to examine him on HodgeY'Outlines of Theology' and Latin. Mr. Roddick intimated that there was a young man, Robert Mitchell, connected with his con gregation, who was desirous to devote himself to I the work of the ministry, and who had already made some progress in the study of Latin and theology. It was unanimously resolved to receive him as a student of the Church, and Messrs. Anderson and Michie were appointed to prepare subjects of examination for him at the next meeting. After engaging in devotional exercises the Pres bytery adjourned till the evening. Evening Meeting. The evening meeting m connection with the annual meeting of the Presbytery was held in St Andrew's Church. There was a moderate atten dance, and the Rev. James Gordon presided. After having been read by the Chairman, the Rev. John Gardner offered prayer-. The Rev. J. Gordon then gave an address on the subject of home missions. After speaking of the existence of that class of persons which such a mission was intended to benefit he mentioned that in the city of London, with a population of 2,0u0,000, only about half a million ever entered a place of worship on the Lord's Day; and this would apply also to all the large towns in England and Scotland. He was not in a position to say what the proportion was in the colonies, but believed there was a smaller proportion of what Dr. Chalmers called the outfield population. The Home Mission was one of those agencies which was required to bring a certain class of people under the rule and fear of God. The question then aroEe, how was this matter to be dealt with in 'order to remove a reproach at present upon a Christian age? A man having love in his soul for perishing sinners could not sit down regarding the matter as impracticable r and it must be considered what agencies were likely to be most useful in the work. Ha did not wish to discharge the City Missionary as a paid functionary, as he believed there were many engaged in that manner— men of burning zeal; but he would not have him labour alone in these vast fields of corruption and death, white unto the harvest. It was not by money, but by men that God worked, and he thought this was a work that came within the province of the Church. He had tried it himself, and not altogether without fruit and could not they all do something? How little were some of them doing for Jeaus Christ; how many were doing nothing at all. This was not a subject to be talked about, but one for activity and in which all might assist and he hoped they would not lose sight of it (Applause.) The Rev. J. Anderson, of Strathalbyn, next gave a short address on 'The Sabbath, its obliga tions, duties, and privileges.' He said it was not necessary to say much upon the obligations of the Christian Sabbith. It came to them as the insti tution of God for all men carrying with it His com mand, and surely that was enough to make the obligation binding. By some it was said that it wa3 a Jewish institution. This he denied on the authority of the Word of God, for it there appeared that it was set apart by God as a season of holy rest and special service to Himself. Christ also and His apostles enforced its observance both by precept and example. Th/.n it had its special duties — as distinguished frora everyday duties— of religious education, and devotion ; and with what joy did every true Christian welcome the Sabbath morn— that day when he and his loved ones were privileged to enter the sanctuary, and hold converse with the God of Israel. There were privileges connected with it which they would not forego on any account however little the infidel, the formalist, the careless, and the uncon cerned judged them. Some pertinent remarks had been made on the subject of Home Mission, and let him add that there was no true child of God of the household of faith, however limited his influence, but could do much for his Lord and Master in saving the perishing bouIs around him. It was the bounden duty of all who called them selves disciples of Jesus Christ, and who professed to recognise the obligations of the Sabbath, to j make known its privileges and induce others to share them. There was no gieater hindrance caused to the Church of Christ than by professing Christians holding so lightly the obligations which they did not realize as they ought to do; and while persons of this class failed to appreciate its privi leges so would it influence those who cared nothing at all for the obligations of the Sabbath. The Rev. J. Henderson then read the following address:— 'The subject which has been assigned to me is 'Presbyteriani3m: its nature, adaptations, and claims;' and in speaking upon it for a few minutes, I desire that the law of charity may govern my thoughts and words, and while seeking to set in order some of the things concerning our ecclesiastical polity which are most certainly be lieved among us, 1 desire to do so in uo other spirit than that of sincere respect forother branches of the Christian Church. Grace, mercy, and peace be multiplied abundantly to all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and m truth. So far from being an invidious procedure, it seems right and fitting that on an occasion like the present the characteristics of our polity should claim some share of our attention; and certainly neither in the pulpit nor on the platform can it be charged upon us that we are given to self-assertion orto an undue obtrusion of the peculiarities or tradition of our Church. If, however, we believe that our ecclesi astical system is sanctioned and distinctly traced in outline in the Word of God— if with any mea sure of filial gratitude we remember the struggles of our ancestry in conservating and transmitting intact the elements of our polity— it outfit not to be at unequal and distant intervals that we expound the principles of Presbyterians, or borrow the language of apology in doing so. It will pre sent itself in the light of an imperative duty— a duty we owe to tbe Church with which we are con nected—to all those with whom we differ— to our selves—and above all, to the Great Head of the Church— not only to hold fast that which we have received, but to avail ourselves of all legitimate occasions of holding forth to others, in a clear and intelligible manner, the polity of aChurch scriptural in her doctrine, apostolic in her constitution, and primitive in herdiscipline. Presbyterianism occupies a middle ground between Prelacy or Episcopacy on the one hand, and Independency on the other. It is tne doctrine or ipiscopacy that there are three orders in the Christian ministry, viz, Deacons, Presbyters, or Elders, and Bishop. The Bishop only has the right to ordain and confirm ; he has the general supervision of a diocese: has the chief administration of spiritual discipline; and has in cluded iu himself all the rights and powers of the subordinate clergy. It is the theory of Inde pendents that each church or congregation is entrusted with its own government, and that go vernment is conducted not by the office-bearers alone as its representatives, but by the office bearers and congregation conjointly. Judical functions are exercised by all the members- the oil as well as the young- the inexperienced as well as the most mature and patriarchal. Between these two Presbyterianism holds its position, affirming on the. one hand that since the Apostles left the scene the Word of God recognises no office-bearer above that of a teaching Elder; and on the other maintaining that the government of the Church is committed, not to the members collectively, but to chosen office-bearers, spoken of in Scripture as Elders or Presbyters. Another office is, indeed, clearly indicated in Scripture— the office of Deacon; but as almost all sections of the Christian Church recognise this office, though they may differ in respect to the nature of its functions, we shall not further allude to it at present but proceed to trace out the leading and more distinctive features of Presbyterianism, and— 1. The people, the members of the Church. They are not a promiscuous body -a mere crowd driven together by accident or impulse— but asso ciated together from the high motive of love to Christ, seeking mutual edification and co- opera- tion. They are a select or chosen company— saints or holy persons— who are not admitted to their position as members of the Church until they have given satisfactory evidence, both of their know ledge of the Gospel and of their faith iu Jesus and obedience to Him. While the Presbyterian Church makes no pretensions to ascertaining infallibly the moral and religious state of men's souls; while we make no pretensions of having in our exclusive possession a crucible which enables us with unfailing accuracy to detc.t tlu spurious and to recognise tne true— yet we do require that the members of our Church should possess an intelligent acquaintance with the truths and doctrines of God's Word, and give evidence by a life and conversation becoming its high and holy teachings. Thus acknowledged, they have their allotted place as members in the Church, they have responsibility which they cannot forego, and privileges which are inalieuabie because sacred. Whatever may be their difference iu attainment, in education, or social position, as members pt the Church they stand upon the same level, enjoying the same privileges, claiming the same right.-, and bowing to the same law of responsibility. With out recognising authority external to themselves, they are at full liberty to maintain ordinances, aud to choose by a free and unfettered suffrage, and elect their office-bearers of every grade. In all things affecting their internal management— their internal schemes and organizations— Presbyterian congregations are as free as the most ardent Congregationalist could desire. 2. With re spect to office-bearers, it is the doctrine of the Presbyterian Church that the New Testament clearly shows that these office-bearers were of two orders— the . Presbyter and Deacon. The dogma of a third order — the Bishop — with official jurisdiction over sub ordinate office-bearers, and with the exclusive right | of ordination, confirmation, and discipline, is a dogma which we believe has no foundation in the Word of God. It is true we find the three titles of office in the New Testament We there read of Bishops, Presbyters, and Deacons. We have the three names. Have we not the three orders? A very slight examination shows that two of the names belong to one order, and that Bishop and Presbyter are titles used interchangeably in the New Testament Take an example— Paul in i'ounieying to Jerusalem sent for the Elders of gphesus to meet him at Miletus, and he exhorted those Elders ' to feed the Church of God over which the Holy Ghost had made them Bishops'— rendered in our translation overseers. (Acts xx. 17.) The same persons designated Elders in the 17th verse of the 2Utli chapter of the Acts are designated Bishops iu the 2Sth verse, and how could it be made more manifest that the two designations respected one class of office-bearers ? Again, we find in Titus. 1st chapter. 5th to 7th verse, Paul saying to Titus— 'For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain Elders in every city, as I had appointed thee. If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children, not accused of riot or uniuly. For a Bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God.' Here we have in the one verse a requirement to ordain Elders, in the next verse their requisite qualifications, and in the verse succeeding a reason why such qualifications were to be demanded of them, ' for a Bishop must be blameless.' It will be observed that the term Elder used at the commencement is exchanged for the term Bishop at the conclusion, while the same office- bearer is spoken of. An Klder must have such and such qualifications. Why? Because a Bishop must be blameless as the steward of God. Does not this show that the office of Elder and Bishop are identical? That Eldei and Bishop are designations of the same office, and convertible terms, is the belief of the Presbyterian Church. With respect that order of office bearers, from which our Church derives its name, Presbyters, or Elders, the New Testa ment affords full and varied instruction, In the recorded transactions of the Apostolic Church, and in the Epistles of the Apostles, we mark a dis tinction clearly traced between two classes of Pwxihvtpra ? th» fenrhinn Elilstr and the ruliva Elder. We read of Elders who * rule,' and of Elders who, in addition to rulin/. 'labour in word and doctrine.' We find in every Church planted by the Apostles a plurality of Elders, and that in no instance is an organized congregation placed under the ministry of a single Elder. We find no trace of such a thing as pre-eminence or prelacy of one office- bearer invested with jurisdiction over other*. The New Testament as we have just stated, indicates in various passages that while all Elders were rulers, only some of them taught publicly, so that a distinction existed among them of teaching and ruling Elders. In the Epistle to the Romans (Rom. xil 6-S)-'Having. then, gifts differing according to the grace that is given unto us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith: or ministering, let us wait on our ministry: or he that teacheth, on teaching; or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that givetb, let him do it with simplicity; he that ruleth, with diligence ; he that showeth mercy, with cheerfulness.' No candid reader can follow this train conjointly with the Apostle's allusion to the members of the human body without perceiving that the persons spoken of here are represented as having distinct offices, like the members of the body, and are cautioned against making the difference between them an occasion of yam-gloriouB strife. He that ruleth a a. mgmbeir of Christ's mystical body, hold ing a distinct office— an office which may be held separately from other offices, and he ought not in consequence of any views enter tained as to Ub relative importance either to despise others or be despised by them. A passage still more decisive ia that of 1 Tim. v. 17— 'Let the Elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honour, especially those who labour in word and doctrine.' It is to be remarked that in this passage Elders are spoken of as a class compre nending all Piesbyters, and that from this class of the same office-bearers the term 'specially' singles out a select portion distinguished by a specifiet peculiarity-some taught some ruled. They all ruled, but they did not all teach, and those who taught— that is, those who laboured in word and doctrine— were to be accounted worthy of double honour. If it be allowed then, that the Primitive Churches, under the direction of ths Apostles, had Elders appointed to rule, and Elders appointed both to rule and to teach, we are inclined to believe that I adhering to the Presbyterian form of Church polity as at present constituted, we are only standing fast in the Apostles1 doctrine— a doctrine not merely taught in their epistles, but evidently illustrated in their practice. But once more. That the Elders appointed in the Apostolic Churches were not all teaching Elders appears from their number. Every Church planted by the Apostles, however poor and small, had a company of Elders, and the supposition that they were all instructors is at tended with inseparable difficulties. There were a plurality of Elders in the Church at Jerusalem, at Ephesns, at PhilippL We read that Paul and Barnabas ordained Elders (not Elder) in every city. If they all taught if all the Elders referred to were public instructors, where was there room for that exhaustive labour to which reference is some times made by the founders of the Christian Church? If all taught where was there room or scope for the exercise of their gifts? And with twelve, six, or even three teaching Elders placed over a handful of people there would have been an example of improvidence— a waste of means which is nowhere else to be met with in the Divine administration. A plurality of Elders in each congregation we can understand when their functions are to rule; but when it is affirmed, as it is by Independent brethren, that the Elders re ferred to taught confusion seems to settle down upon both the teaching and the procedure of the Apostles. Nothing is more clearly made known than that in the early Church a plurality of Elders was ordained, and when this was effected in any particular Church, that Church seems to have been completely organized or furnished with everything in point of external arrangement which the Spirit of God judged necessary to the edification of its members. These rulers being appointed, it follows that they must have possessed the power of meeting together and adopting such measures as were agreeable to the mind of Christ for the edification of His body; and thus was formed an Eldership; thus sprung up in the Apostolic Church that which we here this day humbly hope to call into existence among ourselves— a session to which belong the government of a par ticular congregation of this congregation. 3. We have seen, therefore, how sessions sprung up, and were constituted in the Primitive Church. The rise and recognition of Presbyteries is also clearly indicated in the New Testament As the Church increased; as congregation after congregation arose, each with respective equipments of teaching and ruling Elders, they did not range themselves as separate and altogether independent with no bond of connection recognised among them. Our reading of the Word teaches us that the very oppo site of this was the case. Among those separate congregations a bond of union subsisted. They .were one body, and are presented to view as the ?Church, of God in the particular city or district of country 'in which they were planted. Unable to assemble or worship within the same walls, or under the same roof, they were still one Church, and the unity of their fellowship was maintained and manifested by the joint meetings of their Elders to superintend their common concerns. Here, then, we have the principle of Presbyterian Church government in all its scriptural simplicity —an organized Eldership of a number of congrega tions united and forming one Church. We have an example aud illustration of these views in the Council meeting which is recorded in the xv. chap, of the Acts of the Apostles. Tins Council or Synod, as we read, assembled to consider a reference from the Church at Antioch, in which Paul and Barnabas were representatives, and tbe decision of which Council or Synod was binding on all the Churches. In this case there were no doubt specialities arising from the presence there of extraordinary rulers; but setting all its specialities aside, this recorded instance of the Primitive Church government clearly shows that the Churches then existing were in a state of union; that there union was evinced by a joint meeting of their Elders to deliberate about their common affairs; that they met by delegation; that a case was brought for consideration and judgment from a smaller to a greater meeting of Elders; that a judgment or ' decree' was passed (not by apostolic authority, but result of free discussion), and that all the Churches were 'bound 'in the Lord' to submit to that decree. These are the elements of that subordination of Sessions to Presbyteries, and of Presbyteries to Synods aud Assemblies, which characterized that Presbyterian Church to which we belong. It is not pretended that the minutiae of the system are detailed with particularity in the Word of God. It is principle and example rather than detail which Christ has given to guide His Church in matters of govern ment and any particular form of government is to be received or rejected according as it agrees or disagrees with what He has spoken. Here, then, we have an outline of Church government founded on the word of God, in which the rulers are n-it lawgivers, but simply administrators, and which is applicable to any Church, whether large or small, proving itself an instrument of unity and order, while, at the same tune, it secures the rights and liberties of the obscurest individual. It contains provisions which are admirably fitted, on the one hand, to prevent the restless and ambitious from attaining an influence adverse to edification; and, on the other, to pro tect the timid and retiring from injury or oppres sion. Any member of a Presbyterian Church, however poor, may, by the power of appeal which is his right, have the judgment of the whole Church through her united Eldership— through the men. namely, whom the Church in her several congregations has chosen to rule over her, because she confides in their piety aud prudence— may have the judgment of such men, we sav, on any point which aggrieves him, whether in doctrine, or in dis cipline, or in government. Such is a brief sketch of the Presbyterian Church. We think it scriptural. We believe it to be good. It is equitable and com pact orderly and well-balanced— adequate for any- work, and sufficient for all interests. The authority it claims is love in exercise, not authority displayed. The rulers have no dominion over the faith of the people, but they are helpers of their joy ; and the very design of the system is to render oppression impossible and to secure the just liberties of all. This form of government is favourable to sound doctrine. The provision that imy member of the Church may briug any error or any offence before the notice of its highest Court there expose it to the public gaze, procure its condemnation — places both truth and morals under the safe keeping of the entire community. It is friendly to education, for its members must be instructed in that knowledge which maketh truly wise, and education in its highest forms is a talent which the Church reuuires. It i3 friendlv to national liberty. To the misguided Queen Mary of Scotland the freedom of Assemblies was a deep and ever-fretting annoyance. She schemed, she plotted, she manoeuvered to fetter and s-ilence them; but Knox's eagle glance detected every intrigue, and his well-known retort shows his estimate of the .danger—' Take from us the liberty of Assemblies, and you take from us the Gospel.' Presbyterianism, with its freedom of utterance, with its unity of organization, with its well-balanced powers, and, above all, with its en trenchment deeply laid in the verities of God's Word, has ever been the offence and the terror of despotic Kings, tyrannic Parliaments, or servile Assemblies. Again and again has it fought the battle of freedom, and in the Council Chamber, and on the floor of Parliament and on ths battle tented field it has many a time fought and van quished the emissaries of oppression. It has been defended and illustrated iu the writings of men of profoundest genius and learning; by men of the most commanding eloquence; by men of the most dauntless heroism. Many a moor of the purple heather of Scotland, many a darksome glen, many a mountain pass, can bear witness at what a sacrifice of blood our forefathers contended for the rights and liberties of tbeir country and this Church; and what troop3 of noble-minded loving-hearted men were raised up in successive eras to maintain the contest until every oppres sive measure was neutralized, and our rights and privileges placed upon a basis as immutable as truth-Knox, Melville, Henderson, Rutherford, Erskine, Gillespie- each man in himself a host and the influence of whose character and writings is destined to live for ever. Oar Presbyterian Church is friendly to all who hold the Head Christ and to every Church that is a faithful witness for the truth. But the Presbyterian Church is far from Iwing a perfect Church. She may be scriptural in her ecclesiastical polity; but we have not forgotten the voice of its Head—' Not by might nor by power, but my Spirit saith the Lord.' Our Church may be fashioned to the minutest particular to the pattern shadowed forth in Scripture; but all will be naught and in vain unless quickened by the Spirit— unless made the channel through which flow the waters of life. As a lamp without oil, so is the Church without the Spirit What would have been the temple of old bereft of the Glory which shone between the cherubim? And the Messing will come if we earnestly seek it A. praying people is ever strong; a praying Church is ever safe. Let us wiestle and we shall prevail ; let us plead the promise and it shall descend in a plenteous rain.' The Rev. Mr. Michie then spoke on the claims of foreign missions, with special reference to the New Hebrides Mission. The missionary enter prise, he said, did not spring from the mind of man. They were apt to think it of recent growth, but it had commenced with Christ Himself, and the term apostle was synonymous with missionary. He had read a review in one of the papers the other day on a book of Max Muller's, and in the renew the writer said the missionary enterprise had not nroduced results, and he also stated that he had taken the language of the author aa his authority. It seemed to him strange that a man like Max Muller should promulgate a state ment of this sort; but if such was the case they muse at once reject the testimony of apostolic and modern history, vvhat had made Britain's power felt to the ends of. the earth but foreign missions? And who were they to believe on the subject- a man like Livingstone, who, from actual experience, stated there existed 250,000 professing Christians in Africa reclaimed from heathenism, or those who had not had that experience? Then there were over that number of converted natives in the South Pacific, and a distinguished Indian officer informed them that there were 120,000 Protestant native Christians in India. Were not these results? Who could estimate the value of the souls so rescued from darkness and ignorance? They were not to take the assertions of those who gained their experience from studying Brahmins and Buddhists. After the command of Christ to 'Go and teach all nations,' if they rejected the mission work they must reject Christianity also, and the sacrifice of Christ would be of none effect But His work must increase, and by the efforts of the Church. They roust all take the responsibility upon themselves of exerting themselves for Him, and every one of them who had received into his heart the love of Christ would ste the necessity of communicating it to those who were ly ng in darkness. With respect to the New Hebrides he knew very little, but he would mention one thing. They were apt to do these islanders an injustice by regarding them as a bloodthirsty nee, whom it was impossible to Christianise. But who made them bloodthirsty f Many a white trader had gone to the islands, and before leaving shot down numbers of the natives without the slightest provocation; and was not this sufficient to render them bloodthirsty? One of Her Majesty's ships had brought them the information that a vessel visiting one place for sandalwood, after obtaining a cargo, had, in order to enhance its value and prevent other vessels going there, shot down several of the natives before going away. There was, however, a good work being carried on in the islands, and he asked their sympathy and aid for the missionaries who had for the love of perish ing souls cut themselves oS from civilization, an 1 who were living isolated lives. A collection was then made towards tbe Presby tery Fund, and the meeting was then closed with singing. ? Lecttjbe on Egypt.— On Monday evening an interesting and instructive lecture on ' Egypt and its RemaiuB1' was given by the Rev. John Gardner in St. Andrew's Church. Wakefield-street to a large and respectable audience. The rev. lecturer was listened to with very great attention and delight and at the conclusion of the lecture a most hearty vote of thanks was accorded to him by those present. During the course of the evening some choice anthems were sung in 3 most ma3terh manner by an admirable choir, and the meeting closed by singing the National Anthem, 