MR. MONTGOMERY'S RECITALS. The Saturday afternoon's entertainment at White's Rooms was largely attended, thero being a great many ladies and children present to enj -y the excellent programme which Mr. Montgomery had prepared for them. Amongst the pieces which be gave, Macaulay's 'Horatius' and Hood's ' Mary'* Ghost' were much applaudsd, and the entertain ment generally seemed to give the greatea satis faction. In the evening the entertainment coiutvenccd with a scene from "Romeo and Juliet," after which Mr. Montgomery gave the audience a taste of his lest quality in the trial scene from Kliylock The vengeful impassioned Jew was brought out in strong contrast with the somewhat tame Christians, his creditors, and the clever though M as it seemed rather pert young doctor from Padua; In fact, the Jew appeared to be the only man amongst them, except perhaps the crier of the Court, for he by no means allowed his light to be hidden under a bushel. The next pieces wen 'The Bells' and Hood's comic ballad of 'Ben Battle,'* which were as well received, and deservedly bo, as on prtvious occa sions. Then came 'The Bloomsbury Christening,' which, as previous notices have stated, is one of Montgomery's greatest successes iu tho broadly humorous line. The actor who went to h ve his portrait taken, and drove the pain.er mod by pre senting a fresh countenance every time the bewildered artist looked up from his easel, could not have been a greater master M making facet than Mr. Montgomery seems to be. Indeed, he squints with such vividness that it is d:ui|{etou.s to look at him too much lest the complaint really should be 'catching.' Throughout the present week Mr. Mon'gomerr will each evening give that fine descriptive poetn 'The Bells,' and to-ntaht the tragedy of ' Macbeth' will be presented as the great leuturu , of the programme. Mr. Montgomery- *ho is fond of fraterniz ng with his audience- explained to them on Saturday night that the reading of this tragedy would be a considerable effort, uud that he counted upon public sympathy and sii|.p irt, I* cause he always gave money1* worth for thai which he received. The present week will be really the last nt White's Kooins. But Mr. Muntgoineiy kindly expresses hia intention of doing something tor thu charities of the city before hu leaved south Australia. ? THE "AUSTRALASIAN TURF REGISTER," 1868, -We have received a copy of this exceedingly useful compendium of sporting information for 1868\. It opens with an account of the Melbourne Hunt Club Steeplechases ol October 12. 1807. and proceeds to give the other meetings, *uu;tu-politan md provincial, in chronological order, ihe cum* piler evidently does not undertake to give particu lars of country races occurring clsewheie than in Victoria, but so far as that colony is concerned every event occurring subsequent to the date above given is duly chronicled. South Australia has her two principal meetings— the spring and the autumn —duly recorded, with the names of nil the homes, the pedigree of winners as fur as linotn, and the. iitne taken in avcraginK the prescribed dmuince. Ia .-very instance where rues are described the Stewards', Judges', andSuitera' name* urc given, aa well as the owners, weights, colour, and riders of the horse?, and the betting before the tart. But lot only is the "Register" retrospective; it .lives the entries for coining event*, toother with the rules, colonial and Knulish. for racing, kteeple chasing, trotting, and txutiui:, brides particulars -i the principal mces iu Ureat Britain and Aus tralia. There is a void amount of information oinpressed into small »p.ice, and to the sporting man the book cannot fail to be other than u great .anrisition. It is very well got up, nnd is pub isued for the proprietors of iht Australasian by oullwell \ Knight, 7$, Collins street Kust. MORE ABOUT THE SPERWER. — The Argus of the 21st contains the following:— "Amongst the pas- senders by the Penola yesterday from MacDonnell Bay was Captain Gascoigne, of the cutter Sperwer, which arrived at MacDonnell Bay last week from Batavia. The story of Mr. Gascoigne is one of a romantic, and, in some particulars, tragic character. He was for years master of a vessel belonging to the late firm of Young &Martin.; He, jointly with them, owned the Postboy, schooner, and was employed in salvage pursuits in Torres straits. Dluring his last expedition there his vessel was wrecked. He with his wife and crew fell into the hands of the Malays, who treated his wile in a most barbarous manner, tearing off her earrings and the rings from her fingers. By some means the Dutch Government obtained the news of their captivity, and immediately, in a most humane and business like manner, despatched a man-of-war to rescue them and punish the Malays. Mrs. Gas- coigne left for these colonies in a French vessel, which sailed under Dutch colours, and no tidings were ever heard afterwards of ship, crew, or pas- angers. Mr. Gascoigne then visited Brisbane. He had lost his all through shipwreck, and the dishonesty of his previous employers; but several gentlemen in Java, who had some knowledge of him before his misfortune, on his return there pro- cured for him a diving-dress, &c.;, and employed him in the salvage of a cargo of hemp from the wreck of an American ship, large quantities of the salvage have arrived here in the Qautre Bras and Johannes Antonius, and it is certainly strange that the master of the latter could give no infor- mation of Captain Gascoigne. The latter left Java for the purpose, we learn, of buying a larger vessel, and once again endeavour to better his position." Proposed Conference of Anglican Binaop3.' -The Melbourne Church News of the 18th inBtant has the following: -'It has been announced by the metropolitan UUhop of Sydney that he intends to invite a conference of Bishop* on the occasion if the consecration of Sydney Cathedral, in Sep '.ember or Oeto!-»er next. We hear of the an louncement with pleasure, if only for this reason —that it indicates a reasserlion of that relation ship between the metropolitan ami his suffragans which at one time seemed to he but timidly acknowledged, if it was not practically dis owned. A year or two ago it seemed as if the only 'province' which was tj be iicogniscd »it Sydney was the Colony of New South Wales and a new and very 'colonial' Beuse was to be given to tins time-honoured (ilmse, 'a provii c al synod.' The troubles connected with Cape lotfn and Natal were timught to have un settled all the rights of metropolitan bishop*. And it was thought better, we supi-ose, to claim nomine, in order that nothing might be n fused, But now courage and hope Heein to have revived. It is seen that though a metropolitan bishop ba not clothed by the law of the state with 'coercive juris* diction,' he can s'ill exercise a real power and in fluence over those who are willing to acknowledge him for their metropolitan. And it ii remembered that in the dioceses ot Australia and Tasmania such acknowledgment ha* always been cheerfully given to the tee of Sydney.' The Strathalbyn and Middleton Team way. - In the Southern Argot the following extract is given from a letter bent by Mr. VV. Everard, M.P. :-' Seeing that some doubt existed in the minds of my Victor Harbour friends as to the completion of the railway within the time named, viz., by the 1st of January nex% I hare hid an interview with the Commissioner of Piblio Works and also the Engineer-in-Chlef, and have both their awmrance that the line will t-e com pleted by then. The delay has arisen from the vessels by which the fishplates were to come out nut being in yet The Ettie has one portion and the Uoolwa another; but the Comnmsary, shoitiy expected, brings 20 tons -Bay 3d,b00- which are hUtlicient for one line; nml Iain nfr«id that the rails cannot be laid without them, as ihey must be fixed as the work proceeds.' Cdicuex Bay BoilinoDowh and Meat PBE8KimNaCoirpANT.---Jur correspond nl.writing »n the 25th, remarks that the experience of the past has suggested to the proprietor* of the Uuichen Bay boiling down establishment the advisability ??f combining meat preservation with boiling-down opi ration* in the coming season. For the belter earning out of these extended operations they propose to form a Company of 2,000 share*. Many influential settlers in the district have promised support. Copies of the prospectus nro now being disseminated, and 1 believe will noon be adveitised. The Inch prices realized hi England l-y meat preserved in Sydney by Morgan's proem («.l. per lb.) suggests that meat cured by some of ihe im proved processes might become a profitable ex port and mode for disposal of our surplus Block. No particular process is mooted in the prospectus, but it is stated that the services of a gentleman of great scientific attainment have been secured. It has been thought best to leave the selection of » process till the Company is formed. The salubrity and evenness of temperature of our climate, and the facilities for shipment to Ade laide. Melbourne, or direct from here to London, makes Kobe a very desiiable site for the success of auch an establishment. It is further proposed to Improve the cooking range of the establishment by substituting one furnace far the present three furnace*, which beat* a steam generator, from which pipe* to each trj ing boiler convey the steam necessary to reduce the contents. This plan is said to be more efficient and economi cal in fuel and labour. A proposed fellmongerlng department in connection will make a very complete establishment and be a useful addition, for last season's skins were peeled at sudi a rate that our present very efficient local establishment could not cope with them. Another Mkat-Pbesebviko Pbocbbs.— The Argus of the 2Ut says:— 'Some 30 gentlemen aat down at Garton's Hotel yesterday, to lunch off a new description of cured mutton, that they might test the value of a meat-preserving process invented by Mr. John iittlewood. ham and bacon curer, of Northcote. Mr. Iittlewood has, after many experiments in meat-curing processes, at laat succeeded in curing an entire sheep, which was served up in different dishes at this luncheon. The sheep was a remarkably fine one, and the carcase weighed 113 lbs. It was a cross between a I^icester and Lincoln, bred and fed by Mr. David McAuley. of WilUneid, Whittleneo, Upper Plenty, and aged only 20 months. It was killed two months ago, and then laid in a trough containing a certain fluid invented by Mr. Littlewood. Here it remained three weeks, after which it wan hung and smoked for another three weeks and then it wa* hung for a fortnight in Mr. Bennett'* butcher's shop, m Bourke-street, exposed to all the varieties of weather Melbourne has known during that period. Yesterday, leg and loin were f-erved up boiled, and both were found toothsome and savoury to an unusual degree, the fat especially presenting eveiy sign of perfect preservation. Tbs company were unanimous in their praise, and ' Success to the New Invention' was, on the motion of the Chairman (Mr. II. K. Hammond), seconded by Dr. Crooke, who acted as Vice- Chairman, drunk in champagne. Mr. Littlewood gays that his process has nothing in common with that in which bisulphite of lime ia used, that its cost is from 03 d. to Id. per lh. of meat, that with a trough suffi ciently large he could cure whole bullocU in tho same way, that the cured meat wouM Maud any voyage, aud that it need only Iw packed ua hams are, either in barrels or bogs. It was remarked by the company that the taste of salt was scarcely perceptible, aud that the meat was very juicy, whicn is not usually the cose when much salt is used.' 