[?] THE DOOM OF WARNHAM. Chapter II. — (Continued.) The departure of the stranger was the signal for a general loosening of the tongues of the. groups that were scattered here and there through the room, « Well,' said the host, after a gaze of wonderment towards the open door, and in answer to the general inquiries as to who the stranger might be, ' guests of that sort ?were not usually received at Waruham Castle when 1 was house steward there, before Lord Charles went away. I was in it since I was a boy, and ought to know .something about it ; but surely if he's going there, he will have company good -enough for him in Jemmy the huntsman.' 'What a change there is over that place !' chimed in a voice from the group ;around the fire. ' Where is the young lord, or is he alive at all ?' 'I know no more about his lordship,' said the host, ' than you do. And it hurts me sometimes to think that ; for I loved the boy, a fine open hearted boy he was. It's now twelve years gone since my eyes beheld him. He galloped down from the castle that day as if he was mad, to this house, which I was after getting. He ' rode his favorite hunter. Rattler, and though it's only three miles to the castle from this spot, if the horse was after goin' forty, he could not be worse. The sweat was rolling off him like lain, and he blew as the hardest run ever he went with the dogs never made him blow before. ' Get me a carriage, Jones,' he shouted at me, ' and put your best horses to it ! Quick, man,' said he, ' quick ! I'm mad !' ' 'What did you say1?' asked one of the listeners. ' Say ! nothing ; I could say nothing ! He wasn't a man to be trifled with when he wanted any thing done. I got the carriage ready for his lordship, and he went into it, and my eyes I never laid on him since. The next news I heard was that all the establishment was to be broken up. The horses were sold — all but Rattler, which it seems he ordered to be kept while he lives ; the dogs and carriages and furni ture, except in the old rooms, were all auc tioned off too ; the servants were dismissed and no one kept but three, — Jemmy M'Cabe the huntsman, the housekeeper an' Hugh Dalton, the son of the head game keeper. A bad sort, that same Hugh was.' ' There was a cause for the haste of the lord that day,' said the former speaker irom tnetiresiae. ' Oh, there was,' answered the host, shak ♦ ing his head ; ' but the dead ought be let rest, and especially when the absent can't defend themselves.' 'That's a strange story,' said his inter rogator, ' about the Ghost's Hunt.' ' Oh, yes,' replied the host ; ' all great families have some legend following their name ; and he said, with a touch of pride, why not the Warnhams, who are amougst the oldest families of this or any other country ?' ' I never heard that leo-enel rightly,' pur sued the interrogator ; ' what is it ?' '' Well, it does not want many words to tell it,' said the host of the Warnham Arms for it is all printed in a book in the library of the castle. I often read it. In the time of the invasion of Ireland by King Henry the Seventh—' ' Second, you mean !' said the speaker who had forced the tale from the host. 'Well, Second— yes, to be sure, Henry the Second. One of the barons that came to Ireland was Ralph, Baron de Warnhani. His father had' come from Normandy with the Conqueror, and when the Normans settled in England, he received vast estates there. He was a fierce fighter in war, and a grasping man in peace, and profitted by both. He died at last with many a manor and castle in his possession ; and died sud denly too ; and his son Ralph de Warnham succeeded him before he was of age. He had all the bad qualities of his father and united to them a reckless disposition, and an utter want of fear of God or man. In the society of the coarse uneducated chivalry of the time — for it was even a wonder for kings to be able to write and read— Ralph de Warnham was first in all manner of devilry ; possessed of immense resources from his lands, his life was a round of profligacy and waste. He staked fair estates on a single cast of dice, and won with, incredible luok ; often he fought du6l with defeated gambler* as readily as he made a wager, and in play and combat was equally fortunate. For a long time this was his fate ; but it had a turn, and he lost, He lost all his ill-gotten gains first and then he staked what his father, the first baron, had left him. ' Fortune wavered for a while, but like a jade she deserted him at last. Manor after manor, lordship after lord ship, fleeted with her, and ' wicked Ralph' found himself at last with only his sword as his seignory. He lived for. some time as best ha could, but he found the pain of dependence a hard pain to bear, and got cold looks and co'd welcome from those with whom he had r«3velled wildest. It was about this time the expedition to Ireland was projected, and the invaders, by all acounts, could have no readier swords man or more desperate leader than Ralph de Warnham amongst them. Ralph de Warnham had no better choice. He joined their troops ; and every one else having been provided for, Ralph got leave to provide for himself wherever he could; and when he had chosen his ground, he was to have all the land his horse could go round in a day. This is the story. He was keen now ; the experiences of his changes from a rich lord to a poor adventurer taught him wit, and Ralph chose a summer day to take his ride for fortune. With the proper witness he set out at sunrise, and rode round a circuit of fifty miles before night. He ended his journey at the house of an Irish chief, which stood where Warnham Castle stands now ; and fierce Ralph, in his most gentle manner, for he was used to courts and nobles, and could be gentle, craved hos pitality and rest. He got it freely, and in the morning dawn rode away to Dublin. There arrived, he described the princip ality he possessed by virtue of the king's privilege and the fleetness of his horse, and promised booty and wealth to all who would aid him to take and keep it by the sword. Many a man-at arms he got, and not a few of better rank to join him ; and before the summer was gone in its glory from the hills, Ralph de Warnham was one evening at the gate of the fortalice of the Irish chieftain. The gate was open as it was the custom of those ancient people and that armed train entered it. The Irish ckief questioned Ralph what he and his retinue wanted, and he answered, jug gling with him, ' The shelter of your roof.' That was cheerfully given. And with ge nerosity such as they always exercised, the board was spread with all that the hospi tality of the time could give, and the strangers made merry and ?welcome. Li quors were served of all descriptions, and the guests enjoyed themselves well, but sparingly. In the midst of the merry making the Irish chief sa*d, as his guests must be wearied, and as they might be travelling on the morrow, they might wish to retire. ' 'Pardon, sir chief,' said wicked Ralph ; 'there is yet a missive I must notice you with. Guard the door!' he exclaimed to his esquire. ' In a moment all the Normans stood up forming in two bodies, the one beside Ralph, and the other at the door '' Your liege and mine,' he exclaimed, 'has granted to me, Ralph- de Warnham, all those lands around in a circuit which I have described and marked. Wilt be his vassal?' u The Irish chief was so surprised he could not reply ; but in an instant he dre,w his dagger, which it seems they carried, and calling on his men to join him, rush d upon wickesl Ralph. Though many a sword was levelled in murderous aim at his body, he eluded every blow, and, before Ralph could avoid him, caught him, and notwithstand ing his great strength, flung him on the earth, and lifted his hand to strike the dagger into his throat. But just as it was descending, a dull sound was heard—the axe of De Warnham's esquire fell upon the chieftain's skull with terrific force, and cut him down to the neck, De Warnham, freed from his gripe, rose with all his worst passions in their wildest exitement ; he set the most dread example of murder in that house. They slaughtered and butchered all they met, and kept the doors so that none could flee. Not a human creature of the chieftain's household escaped alive but one. He was a youth, the son of the dead chief ; and they say that the horrors he beheld had so evidently unsettled his reason that I they did not think it worth while to kill ' him. He was crouched in a corner utter ing cries of terror, when a man at-arms wa- I about to despatch him, but was withheld by I a superstitious fear of the poor mad boy. He got off ; but the stranger was lord of his house and lands, and he appeared in his own foolish way. to know that. He fled to the woods about the castle, and did not leave them. But he never came near the home of his fathers ; and if he saw any ot the soldiers, or if they came across him in their rambles, he used to scamper into $ hiding-piace in the thickets with incred ible rapidity. He lived this way for some years ; and. from springs and snares they found in the woods, the retainers of Ralph de Warnham understood that he existed by catching game ; but where he concealed himself they never could find out. In the mean time, the o'd castle was fortified and rendered fit for defence ; and though the murder of the Irish chieftain was noised about,— for murder always speak aloud,— nothing was done to avenge it. The country was then as much divided as it is now ; and when they thought of proceed ing against him, Ralph was too strong to be rooted out of his position. One morn ing, however, after a night's debauch, Ralph went out with his men to hunt in the woods : and for a long day, where game was always plentiful, they could find nothing to hunt,— not a solitary hare nor a bird worth having they ever met. Wicked Ralph was in his worst humour, and swore it was the idiot boy who had ^killed his game. '?'.Oh, that he crossed my path now !' he ground out between his hard set teeth. .The words were hardly out of his mouth when a rustling in the underwood before him was heard ; and like a deer breaking from covert, the idiot lad bounded into the path before him, fast as a hare speeding away. ' ' Unleash my bloodhounds !' roared Ralph with a horrible oath. ' ' Oh, no. surely !' said the nrm who held them in the slips. ' ( What !' said wicked Ralph, with his hand on his sword. He looked murder, and would do it too. ' It was enough ; the dogs were un loosed, and,with a savage yell, they bounded after the boy Wicked Ralph hallooed and madly rode his horse along. It was an exciting race. The boy ran for his life ; \ and it is said had the poor creature posses- j sed sagacity enough, his speed was so ex traordinary, he could have distanced the murderous brutes that hunted him ; but though he ran like the hare, he waited like her too. Hours passed over in this awful chase. Dogs aud men and horses, it seems toiled and strode as if the passion of hell for human murder was in possession of them. They cried to the dogs when they ran gamely on the scent ; they cursed them when they missed it ; aud when they , found a.^ain, they laughed a horrid laughter, \ which the woods re-echoed as if there were ' more voices in it than those of the hun ters. ' At last . they came to a check longer than the rest ; the sun was sinking, and the horses wearied ; the dogs top were fa tigued, and there was no hope of again finding ' the trial. Wicked Ralph seemed insane m his desire to catch the , poor human quarry. He got off his horse, ? and, entering a dense mass of brushwood, \ beat about it as you do for a hare or a J fox. . '' ' I have him !' he swore ; c he is no such fool as I thought. He has jumped into! this stream here and run along it, and, by Heaven, if he has put the dogs off the suent, I shall hunt him through eternity !' ' A horrid laugh was heard as the echo of the words came back—' through eter nity 1'.. Each of the man looked at the other in startled surprise. ' ' Which of ycu laughed V roared Ralph. ' 'None of us,' was the answer. ' ' Dismount,' said he, 'and leave your horses with one. Let the rest come after me.' f- 1 1 will not,' said one. c I don't mind killing a man by knocking him on the head in a fair fight, or taking him unawares if he is an enemy. But hunting an idiot is not to my taste. I shall bunt him no more, Baron de Warnham, for fear of worse company in the chase.' ' Nor we !' shouted all the men in a breath. ? ?' ' Curses on ye I white-lirered dogs that ye are!' said wicked Ralph. . 'I shall follow the game myself.' *' TliO aieu YVtuU j.iuiiio-«;u\i , ii'.t. i., chase went on. From the woods after the night fell there rose voices in halloo, faint and distant, but clear, and there were more voices in the cheer than Baron de Warn* ham's. Tones broke on the stillness of the night that startled the sentries at tbeip posts in old Warnham Castle, and made men who never quailed before, shiver and pray. Awful shrieks of laughter, too, rose on the air, and the yelp of ravening hounds mingled in the chorus. At last, in the dead midnight, it all ceased. There was & human shriek of concentrated ago y hoard, by all in the Castle — there was a dog's yelp, and a chorus of dread bnirhtev (/nee more rose. Nothing was ever more still than the dead night after that, and all knew that the horrid hunt was ended. 'Ralph de Warnham did not comj home that night, nor did he come home with the morning dawn. A party was detailed to go into the wood to search foy ' him, and saw a fearful sight at last, Lying across the baron they found his favourite bloodhound strangled ; and nea? lay the idiot-boy with a gaping wound vsx his throat, that the dog tore out. In the boy's hands were tufts of hair tightly clenohed, which by its texture and hue was seen to be the dog's hair, which he had, plucked from him with dying grasp. '^The baron was breathing, but insensi ble. They bore him home, and he awoke; to the skill of the leech, to fall back again, and rave of an awful sight he saw and aft awful doom to be his in eternity, when he was to be Hunted by his own dogs as a punishment for his cruelty and his mur» der. They recovered him. : but he was an/ altered man ; fearful of shadows he lived j and though he waxed in wealth and secured his lands and lordships, fearful of shadows he died ; for they say he talked ot sights around his deathbed that horrified even the holy men who sought to bring him com* fort and faith, and sought to do so in vain, He died with curses on his lips and halloog, as on the evening he set his bloodhounds on the scent of the hunted boy. There were strange sights at Warnham until hft was buried ; there were strange sounds heard at night too ; for the ghost-hunt went on. But when he was laid in his clay they were heard no more, except at long intervals. Whenever there is sorrow or death over the heir of Warnham, again through its woods the hounds that hunt its founder are let loose, and — ' The story had been going on towards its. ! completion whilst the storm had been rising ? and the terrible thunder-peal that Jemmy the huntsman heard in the lonely avenue, now bursting over the Warnham Anne, gave it a startling conclusion. The listeners ventured a few remarks about the fearful nature of the night ; but they seemed to have got enough of the super natural, and listened to the thunder as it crashed loudly through the air. A short while passed on in this mannera when a carriage was heard drawn up at the Arms. 'Bless me,' said the hostj ' another visitor !' The postillion who had been at the door before, now entered, all dripping with rain that flowed down like a waterfall from his clothing. H I'll stop here,' he said, ' the night wid my horses ! I lost my way in the darkness, and would lose my courage and never get it back, only I kep' bio win' my horn.' No doubt he was accommodated with all . he required at the Warnham Arms ; but it is necessary we should leave him and its guest, to follow the thread of our ' owep true tale.' (To be continued.). During the political campaign of 1866 General Joe Geiger was speaking in Butler county, Ohio, The audience was attentive with the exception of one. fellow who interrupted the general with pointless remarks and questions. At length Geiger said : — 'Young man you seem to have a. mighty open countenance in the dark ; suppose you bring it a little closer to the stand, so that we may have a squint at its beauty ?' The fellow, urged by those around him, was simple enough to go forward, when Geiger, with great solemnity, said— 'Young man, La /e you ever searched the Holy Scriptures?' ' Certainly, I have.' ' Have you ever l'ead in the New Testa,* rnent of the man who was advised to be bora again?' 'Yes,' 'Well, my young friend, that was the counsel of inspiration. For the -sake of yourself, your relations; and public mee.tj« ings, follow it ; go through that interesting pro* cess, and the next time you are born be aiiU bom!' Mr. Stephens, at last accounts, \yas living quietly with his family in Paris, earning a snug and independent livelihood, and it is not at ajj likely he will twit America at an early day. 