William III. William III., of Nassau, Prince of Orange, and King of England, was the son of William, Prince of Orange, and Mary, daughter of Charles I., was born at the Hague, 1650. He married the Prin- cess Mary, daughter of James II., then duke of York, and became stadtholder of Holland in 1672. He was also nominated general of the troops of Holland against Louis XIV., and made a vigorous resist- ance to the French armies under Luxem- bourg, whom he defeated in 1674; but was repulsed in his turn by the Prince de Conde. In 1688 the arbitrary measures, both against the established religion and the constitution, of James II., induced many nobles and others to invite the prince of Orange to take possession of the English crown. He embraced the occa- sion, and landed without opposition at Torbay, the same year. James, finding himself unsupported, withdrew to France, and William took possession of his throne, in conjunction with his wife, the daughter of that unfortunate monarch. His corona- tion as king of England took place in 1689\. The year following, William went to Ireland, where he defeated James at the battle of the Boyne. In 1691 he headed the confederated army in the Netherlands, took Namur in 1692, and in 1697 was acknowledged king of England by the treaty of Ryswick. On the death of Mary in 1694, the parliament confirmed to him the royal title. His death was owing to a fall from his horse, by which he broke his collar-bone. Died at Ken- sington, 1702. ———————— A Marriage of Mutes.—The New York correspondent of the San Fran- cisco Times, writing on the 24th April last, says :—On Tuesday afternoon last the quiet, unpretentious-looking' brown stone Church of St. Ann's, in West Eighteenth-street, was the scene of a most interesting and peculiar marriage. Be it known, that this sa- cred edifice is devoted to the spiritual edification of deaf mutes, under the pastoral charge of Rev. Thomas Gal- laudet. Here every Sunday may be witnessed the unique and benevolent service which teaches these poor un- fortunates, deprived of the faculties of listening and articulation, the truths of the Gospel. Yesterday afternoon the deeply-dyed altar window, with its crimson and purple and amethyst stains, was reflected in the brilliant costume and variegated bonnets of the numerous fashionably dressed ladies who attended the nuptial service per- formed between Robert T. Bailey and Miss Harriet Cornell, both deaf mutes. The street was lined with carriages, and the sidewalk and vestibule of the church were filled with the curious and eager spectators. Ladies streamed and rustled their silks against the pew knobs, and young gentlemen, with ivory-headed canes and artistic scarfs, lounged in, and assumed atti- tudes of respectful but careless devo- tion. The bridegroom was Mr Robert T. Bailley, a clerk in the Surrogate's office, a good-looking young gentle- man, and the bride was Miss Harriet Cornell, a niece of Mr Charles G. Cornell, well known in New York local politics. Bride and bridegroom were both under twenty-five years of age, and were a well-matched and handsome couple. Bouquets were plentiful in the church, and beautified the edifice by their sweet odors. The bride and bridegroom, though both deaf, could speak a little. Miss Cor- nell, when a young and beautiful girl, lost her hearing and hair by a terrible attack of the scarlet fever. The Rev. Thomas Gallaudet performed the mar- riage ceremony, assisted by the Rev. E. Benjamin, rector of the Free Church of the Holy Light. It was a solemn scene when they stood under the rays of the stained altar-piece to be made man and wife for better or for worse. These two young people loving each other so well, and never hearing the sound of each other's voices, now to be joined in matrimony's bands, until death both put them asunder. No need for them to speak ; love is stronger than words. The clergyman, attired in his white surplice, came on the altar and invoked the spirit of the Holy Ghost upon all present. Then did the priest ask the man: "Wilt thou have this woman to be thy wedded wife, to live together after God's ordinances in the holy estate of matrimony ?" And, as the clergyman asked the question in the vernacular, Mr Gallaudet made the mute signs across his fingers, and by similar signs the bride and bridegroom assented to the solemn questions destined to make them one. The ring was put on at a sign from the priest, and troth was plighted as it has been plighted in the hearts of those who have lived for 1800 years, and in silence the couple went out of the church to the street, where, while taking their carriages to convey them to their home in Brook- lyn, the handkerchiefs of many fair ladies were saturated with tears. 