? ilAJon Brown — Ob a Short Cot to Glory. To tho land of tlio gorilla Went tlio' dauntless Major Brown j Took ho neither sciip nor siller Whon ho loft his native town. - ; Nothing took ho wheu lio startod, ! * Saving leave of Mrs B. ; Nothing said he whon thoy parted, ' Only 'You'll romombor mo 1' ' Crossed lio then thp stormy ocean ' In tho Al p icket ' Punch . Gave ho to the soa a notion. ? Of, tho thingB lie had for lunch. . Called himself a wretched simier When the vessel heaved the most ; I Fancied giving up his dinner Worso than giving up his ghost. ' Land at'ldst,' and nil the wonders - That are Alrio'B Hoon ho know : ,: Afric's native black who plunders, Kills, and cooks, and oats you. too I All the man-and beastly dangers,' ' Bird and fish, -a fearful liost— ' Such as wolcomo littlo strangors j Like tlie Major to its coast. When at first tlio king of monkeys Met him with an ugly grin, Boing somewhat in a funk, his Bullet barely raised tho skin ; But instead it raised tho dander ' Of that most. malignant ape, .Who, with ono adroit ?, left- hander, Knocked tho Major out of shape. After this ho got on better; . Kiljed, gorillas by the. score : And an extract from a lotter Dated April, sixty.four, Says, ' herewith, my dearest. cousin, My return of game I send : . Full-grown monkeys — fiftoen dozen ; ' / ; Smaljcr animals — uo end.' Years elapsed, and thon to London Homeward .travelled Major Brown, . And his great deeds— done aud undone — - Soori wero common talk in town. . . ; . All the Leo Hunter party , : ? . Took tho Major by tho^hhnd ; . '. ' : Head his journal, bought his' Onrte-dc- . Visito, arid a banquet planned. , .' ' So, my friends nnd fellow flunkeys, Soo how easily fame is wori ; Pay your passage, pot your monkoys, ' Presto, fly 1 tlio deed is done ! . Bag tho boasts, as onco Orion ? .Did in Chios— southward roam : Go abroad, and be a ' lion ? ? You'ro an ass to stop at homo ! (Non) Diilce et Decordm.— Tho widow, of Brott is to loceiva £25 from tho Treasury.;. Judy thought at first that there was a mistake here — that tho words 'an annuity of' had boon un accountably omitted somewbord. Lord Derby, she imagined, would soon correct tho obvious error. Inquiry, howovor, hns ended tho uncertainty. Tho widow of Brett is to recoivo fivo nnd twenty pounds — no loss and no more. Some timo ngd an illiterate nnmod Young rccoivcd a comfortdblo annuity. He stuck to his patrons, and found his reward therein. Poor Brett only stuck to his duty, and tho munificence of Parliament Is exhibited towards his orphaned family — with fivo and twenty pounds. Pertinacity is promptly ponsioued, and £25 is the weregild for a faithful sorvant of the Queen. How imposture must laugh at starving merit {—Punch. Dr. Abornothy rnroly mot his match, but on one occasion he fairly-owned that ho was beaten. Ho was son t for by an inn-keopor, who had had n quarrel with his wifo, who had scared his faco with her nails; so that the poor man was blooding arid much disfigured. Abornothy considered this nil opportunity not to be lost for admonishing tbo olTonder, nnd said : ' Madam, are you not ashamed of yourself to treat your husband thus — tlio hus band, who is tlio husband of nil — your head, madam, in faot?' 'Well, Doctor,' fiercely re turned the virago, 'and may I not scratch my own head ?' A respectablo family in tlio oastond of Glasgow recently had causo to mourn tho death of a child, undor vory singular circumstanoos.- A littlo boy reached over tho sink in tho kitchen -o holp him self to n drink from tho ' Bwnn-neckod cran' through which tho wnter runs. Having slightly overbalanced himaelf in tbo effort, tlio poor littlo follow was unablo to recover so far as to got the pipo out of his mouth, nnd tho consequence wns that ho was ohokod almostlinstiiritnneously by tho flow 'of water under full pressure. His frionds woro quito, within ronch at tho time, but the event was so suddon that they could rondor no assist, ance. The unfortunate child was about six yoars of ago. - . Pauperism VAirp .EiiiduATiON,— The distress in 1 EaBt-Londbri cbiitinuei', ?nggraynted by tlio, action , of- tho. trades unions, and tho, foolish conduct of ' the men. . O.f pourso/tho unions dony having any thirig'to do with. the matter, but after tho'rosults of tlio Sheffield inquiry, wo must tako such denials for what- they aro worth. A curious illustration of tlio results of tho depression of trade which has led to so much misery in tho riiotropdlis and in tho provinces, hiB beon furnished by on official return giving tho nhmos of ] GOO persons who have notified their intention to discontinue koeping carriages, and claim, thoroforc, to bo oxompt from tho payment of carringo duties. Another effect of tho distress has been to stimulate tho tide of Celtic emigration to Brazil. The new land of promise is becoming exceedingly popular wilh the Irish in this countiy. Ono of tho Irish Romnn Catholic organs, tho Universal News, 6ays : — - '? Tho Emperor of Brazil lias, it appears, boon long anxious to soo tlio southorn part of his vast but sparsely populated dominions settled by Irish Catholics, and his commercial representative in this country has, in conjunction with Father Montgomery and othor priests, organised the prosdrit immigration.' 'Do not go to Amcricn, above all do not go to Australia,' say tho leaders of tlio now movemont, ' Brazil is tho real land of hopo.' ? It is a porfoct El Dorado, according to the published reports. 'Its lands aro recking with richncss derived from the vcgotablo deposits of countlcss ages, and tho merest scratching of the virgin soil id sufficiont to produce crops of embar rassing abundanco and highest quality. Its wild natural productions aro valuable, abundant, nnd varied— its specios of timbor, fruit, and plants nro utmost innumerable.- Its cotton is excellent, and from ltio do Janeiro coffeo, cocoa, sugar, mm, tobacco, dyes, hides, tallow, horns, tapioca, rice, and othor grain, and a large variety of othor vcgo tablo and animal productions, aro annually cx portod to tho value of several millions sterling.' This is tempting enough, in all consoionce, but thoro is moro to como: — 'In minerals, perhaps no country in the world is richer than Brazil. ?Gold- nnd diamond minoa abound, and iron of n' superior quality is plentiful. Salt is also exten sively produced, and it may bo said in gonoral terms that it possossos everything whioh grows upon tho surface of tho earth, or is dug out qf its bowels.' Of course, Now South Wales, like the other Australian colonies, is not by any moans ovor partial to n largo influx of tho Coltic olomont, but it would bo most injurious to its interests if, in the abseneo of a propor system of immigration, tho^ colony should liavo to experience the mortifi cation of beholding the increasing development of Brazil as a wool, tallow, and gold producing country. Tho success, of tlio Irish settlor in Brazil is certain to be followed by a rush of English and. Scotch. The first batch of omigrants will bo very fortmmto in somo respects. ' Their pnssage money is to bo found for tliom, tboy are to receivo ton dayB* miiiiiteiianco freo on landing in Brnzil, and to havo the option of purchasing lOO.acros of land nt 2s. por ncre— tho purchase money, together, with tho passago money, to bo repaid within five years. The land forms tho great temptation. This shows the vnlueof nn immigration 8chpmo based on principles akin to those contained in tho ill-fated measure Introduced by the Martin Ministry. True,, Mr. Parkos's cx pcrionce in England woro not of a most encourag ing nature, but ho oamo to this country at a timo unfortunate for the success of his ciideavours. Considerable changes liavo taken place since thon, and thousands of skilled labourers aro to be had almost for the nsking, A few months hence.' arid it may be otherwise, so rnpid and numerous aro tho vicissitudos of trn.de. At present, Canada is tlio most popular colony, so far ns our 'artisans aro concdrned. llore, again, the land constitutos the.chiof .-attraction. As oxplaiuad by the Onna 'i1''' (.agent in London. Mr.,Lynii, brothor to Mr. W. Thynno Lynn, of Greenwich Observatory, tho now Canadian free-grant systein consists of a grant of 100 acres of land to any able-bodied sottler over 18 yoars of nge, the patent of tho land in freehold to be givon him free of all charge at tho expiration of fivo years, on proof of residenco for that period on tho location, and tlio porformsmco of tho settle ment duties ot clearing not loss than fifteen acres of land arid tlio erection of a bouse thereon at least sixteen by twonty foot in s'zo; nnd in order Jo givo groator oncouragoment to settlors in the back territories where such grants would bo made mz, between tho Georgian Bay and the Ottowa liiver] a homestead law would bo extended to them for tho protection of tho house and land from seizure for debt for twenty years after the date of settlement. Nothing can be moro tempt ing than this. Still, supposing that a fair pro portion of our unemployed population found their way into'other colonios, tho question aB to what wo should do with our immonse burden of chronic pauperism would rom; in unsolved. Every day its importanco becomes more and moro deeply felt by us. Wo have palliatives without number proposed, but anything like a systematic remody has yet to bo propounded.— S. M. Herald. An 'Adventure wira a Lunatic. — A lunatio advorituro, ludicrous ns it was dangerous, occurred last^ wee.k to Mr. Fitzgorald, of - the Mininera Station, and anothor gentleman' whoso namo wo tlijnk is , Armstrong, near tlio residence of tho former. Mr; Fitzgdrold, in company with Arm strong, was . walking along a road not fur removed from the home station, when, thoy observed n strange-looking figure upon- horseback somo dis tance away, and riding in tlioir direction. Whon the man approached near enough to bo socu moro distinctly, ho presonfod rather a curious appoar ance.. Besidos tho stylo of his attiro, which was in itsojf suspicious, tlioro was a wildncss in his face and posture which donotcd tho lunatic; and, as'ho was armed with a long-handled hayfork, he looked, sufficiently formidable. . On meeting tho two pedestrians, tho man pullod up, and brought Ilia hayfork to cliargo, at tho samo timo inquiring of Mr. Fitzgerald what his namo was. On boing told, ho said, 'I thought so, I havo como to run this hayfork through your- ? g— — s ;' thon turning to his companion ho asked his name, and stated that whon .ho had finished Fitzgerald, ho would immediately repent tho same operation upon him, and that ho would detain .neither of them vory long, as ho had much work of similar description to perform. Tbo two gentlemen were thus placed in a very awkward predicamont ; thoy woro afraid to rush at the horso and tho hayfork, and seize both, lest ono of tliom should fail in tlio attempt, and thoy wore afraid to consult upon tho matter lest they should hurry the operation fore shadowed by the lunatio. Luckily, however, Mr. Fitzgerald, hnd n green net voil upon his hat, and this -catching tho eye of tho horseman had tho effect of ohanging his purposo. ' Ho, ho ! you wear green upon your hat, do you?' said the rider, whose nttontion becamo controd in the fact. ' Yes,', replied Mr. Fitzgorald, in his most con ciliatory; accents. ' Thon take it off.' Accord ingly the hat- was denuded of tho veil. 'Now throw it in tho dust.' Believing discretion to be the bettor pait of valour in this iustance, tho veil was thrown upon the rond. ' Now danco upon it.' And still pur&uing; the conciliatory policy, Mr. Fitzgorald commencod dancing quito a lively mcoBuro upon his voil. Whon tlie pas setil was finished, tho horseman appeared to think that ho had dono enough, and somewhat mollified by the wiso obodionco shown to his commands, ho in formed tho two mon that for tbo present ho would defer tho operation of running thom through, but the noxt time bo mot them lio would carry out his intontions in this respect. As soon as they wero roleasod, Mr. Fitzgorald returned home, and; harnessing his horse to tho buggy, drove post haste into Wicldiffo, whero ho informed tho policeman in chnrgo of tho. circumstance. . Tho poiicemanj sallied put to 'seize tlio culprit, whom ho . mot a short distance outside of the, township; .but ins 'soon na tlio latter saw him, and not having the feat of tbo law or its myrmidons beforp^his eyes, he^again .brought the hayfork ' to charge; 'and iuvitod the constable to 'come on.'' ' But the constable ...by .no means liked tlie appearance of things, and thought a conflict under such circum Btnnpos might remain doubtful, longer than wbb desirable. Ho accordingly dOolined tho challongo, and returning to . Wicldiffo, obtained tho sorvices of fivo volunteers. This force, wo aro happy to say, succeoded in disarming and capturing tho man, Bomowherd in the bush. — A rarat Advertiser. Acoording to a correspondent of the Lancefield Ghrowie'e, nn unseemly scene took plnco in Lanco field Churoli on Sunday week.' Aftor the morning sorvicc, the llev. W. A. Lind had occasion to offor some remarks, to dispel a cliargo that had been made against him for systematically nogleoting to visit n sick person, whereas he hnd no know lodgo of tho fact, but had only hoard of tlio case in cidentally, and had thon attended ; also taking tlio opportunity of asking his peoplo to let him know of any case of, sickness in tho district, ns it wns his wish and custom to visit all such, bc lioving that nt Buch times words of comfort and tiuth woro most needod and beneficial. Having pronounced tho bonodiction, ono of the members of tbo church got up, and with somo warmth said, 1 My freens;' but the congregation boing scandal ised at such a display of tho want of docency on tho part of the individual, quickly dispersed, and loft the person interrupting to finish bis ill-timed haraiifejo to tho empty Boats. 