SA TURr.DA; oCTro.?S 31st, 18ss. As we premised, his Excelleii-y the Gov. ernor refused the application of the late Premier to dissolve Parliament, and his "Ministry had perforce to resign for others to take their place. The stand taken by Mr RtGAIatwith reference to Mr DUNCAN's dismissal was the apparent cause of their overthrow; but itis. luite Intent to all that the late Treasurer and his colleagues were blamoable for the dismissal ?o Mr SDuNOCN, and so far we cannot but see that Mr'- PAREs wVias justifiable in withdi'awing from the MIinistry if. his principles: did not agree with othose 'of the rest of the Cabinet. We have some hesitation, how 'ever, in believing that the late fight for r" subordin'atlon in the Civil Service was the real c-ause of the resignation of. the. Milm. istry. That occurrence 'no doubt gave effect to the resignation ; lt itl has been; seen for a long time: by those well versed .in politics that a Ministry so constituted could not last for a very' long period, the ?more especially as the late Treasurlr was 'known't'o be politi.:ally utterly incompe tent' for thodunties of a finance Minister. :Yet: Mr MARTIN seemed so wedded to the '~igires of his Treasures, that witho'ut liin le believed the country was ruined. TWhat now becomes of the ghost of the murdered Fenian referred to by the mom ber for:Kiama ? : The probability is 'tlhit 'the' .disturked shade is effectually. liid, with the obsequies of the defunct Cabinet.. Wu hiave now a new Ministry, and of" course politics-will change like the sea sons, and, notwithstanding his late avow.. als to :the contrary, we shall find Mr MAIRTINas willin: to perform a few tactics in the I-Ioose as' any other 'member of the Opposition, and relying on the strength of his party endeavouring to oust the pre ient Ministry. ' The office of Treasuirer is the most im. : pitant in the Cabinet. and requires to-be filled by some one well versed in outlay and expenditure, as well as tile calculation 'of receipts to cover the same. One of the first duties of the new Treasurer will. be to modify-the present system of taxation, and adjust the expenditure, so as to give the country satisfaction for what contri butions it-pays into the treasury. At all events we shall have a new budget pro . posed, and which the Assembly will deal with; and we have the consolation -of knowing that in this respect it is highly. probable the present Treasurer will give more. satisfaction than his 'predecessor. Again, Mr RonErllsoN, who has given so much attention to the land laws will be the most likely man to amend those laws in < order to secure the rightis of free selectors as well as those of the crown tenants; and as: a long time has now elapsed since AMr RBonnaRsoN's first land bill was passed it can be ascertained what sections have oper;ited contrary to the general good. It seems pretty certain that a riew land t bill will be introduced t'`an early period; and'ywe.truist tlhatV-the business of the (c country vwillnot be-impeded by thosefiac-. , tious oppositions s: pi:evalent durinig ast session, " " . - i 'lThe old adage:- a new'broom sweeps clean i"-my'be exemyilified in the pro sent .instance of na change uf._Ministry; but a new Cabinet is just now better than a dissolution ; and if a proper budget be passed by. the Assenmbly, so that the pub lic works .of the colony can be carried on, the :much-needed and long-promised re trenchment adopted,new-land lawspassed, and a proper system of economy inaugu rated, a dissolution would only be a delay of public, time, tnid the entailing of an expense on the country which present cir ciinstanices ilo not warrant. Even if a "dissolhiion wgr~r granted, in a large nudi ber of constituencies the existing mdm hers would be returned, by large majori .ties, as may be instanced by the return of M r "T'fou ius ,r 'Northumberland \with a poll of i?darly 500 votes over his opponent. Dissolutions may properly take- place upon great questions; iunt to dissolve Parlia "ment upon the matter dfl dispute which bhad arisen out of the Customs affaii, or any consequiences following, thereupon, wbuld have been highly ainpolitia, however desirable it :.might: have_ been to Mr. MARTIN ?and his colleagues.' Mr RoB iRTsON has. been. Premier. be-. fore, and is a legislator iwhose .opini,;cs are of great weight in :t!he 'House; his suppor.ters are th iso of knlown. political Character; and we douiibt n:ot that Mr ROBeaRTsoN and his colleagues will, on the. re-assemhling of Parliament, i:.,roduce such measures as will'tend' to thid prDs perity of, the colony.. And we trust .the first. of these ,will be the intro duec ion of a measure of liberal poli y, relating to the di':. osal .of the public lainds, giving every facility for the extcr. sion and security of. the several land interests of tihe colony'. - 