BURLESQUING PUBLIC OPINION, The voice of the country is making itself heard in an infinite variety of tones and with wonderful confusion of purpose. Meetings of electors great and small are being held daily. Opinions of every kind, from the shallowest platitude to the most unfathom- able profundity, are being enunciated by can- didates of every grade from insignificance to fame. If the country should emerge from this chaos with the slightest knowledge of its own mind on any given subject, it must be invulnerable to humbugging. Public opinion is, after all, but a heterogeneous col- lection of private opinions, which public men have to arrange and render as intelligible as they can. When done in good faith and with the utmost impartiality it is a difficult task, and every departure from that rule increases the difficulty. Before we can say that the true voioe of the country has been heard, it is essential that its various organs should be reliable, and that all should be able to place confidence in each other. Our political life is a system of mutual trust, and whatever weakens its fundamental principle must pervert all its results. The public have two special modes of ventilating and discussing public questions— the Press and the platform. These, when properly conducted, are the most powerful agencies in a representative government. So power- ful indeed are they that, like every- thing else which can excite envy, they are liable to be counterfeited. It is easy to establish a newspaper and to assume the external symbols of Press influence. The most insignificant clique may have its own organ, and regard it as a very important exponent of public opinion; or it may call public meetings a la Tooley-street, and deter- mine the future policy of the country over pipes and beer in a bar-parlour. By merely counterfeiting the true power of the Press and the platform they may even work them- selves in time into actual possession of it. Universal suffrage and representative government open a very wide door for such abuses, and in our own case the means of ingress has not been offered in vain. We do not as yet suffer much from counterfeit newspapers, but the cheaper expedient of counterfeit meetings is growing common. The public has been deluded by them much more than it would like to think. No political agitation of the past three or four years has escaped their pernicious influence. In some districts the getting up of them has been reduced to a system. The abuse has, in short, risen to such a height; that we deem it our duty to put our readers on their guard against it, the more so as it is not always possible to detect the ring of the baser metal. The other day an instance occurred in the North, than which we could not desire a finer illustration of what we have been objecting to. In the Observer of February 29 the following advertisement appeared among the electoral business :— "A meeting of the electors of the County of Light will be held at the Railway Hotel, Freeling, on Wednesday next, March 4, at half-past 2 o'clock "Candidates are requested to attend. "Michael Kenny." In the same paper a meeting was adver- tised by the Smithfield Farmers' Club to be held at Smithfield on the same night at 8 o'clock. A special reporter left our office by the midday train for Freeling, with instruc- tions to return by the 5 o'clock train to Smithfield, and thus report both meetings. The train arrived at Freeling at a quarter to 3 o'clock, when the only evidence of Mr. Kenny's proposed demonstration was a small group of loiterers in the bar of the Railway Hotel, of which Mr. Kenny happens to be the Landlord. There was no Chairman at hand, no resolutions prepared, no local orator but Mr. Kenny himself to propose them, and no reporter but our own to com- memorate so exciting a political event. Only one of the candidates had accepted Mr. Kenny's laconic request for their attendance; and, in short, not the slightest idea was obtainable as to the probable business of the meeting. Two hours passed, and the electors of the county of Light still remained con- spicuous by their absence. At length one or two Tritons of the neighbour- hood dropped in to condole with the disappointed promoter of public meetings. Like philosophic politicians, they resolved to make the best of what the gods had provided in the way of rhetorical entertainment. Within a quarter of an hour of the train being due the chair was taken, and, on a hint from our reporter, business was about to be proceeded with at double speed, when the engine whistle was heard in the distance. The reporter, bundling up his notes, made a rush to the station, followed by a volley of characteristic threats from the landlord of the hotel, the mildest of which had some incoherent reference to a vote of cen- sure which would there and then be passed upon the Register. To prevent misunder- standing, our reporter returned, at the risk of losing the train, and appealed to the meeting if he would not be justified in going. The Chairman and one or two others ex- pressed their opinion that he was not to blame for any disappointment which might be felt, and with this salve to his perturbed spirit he quitted the very freespoken town ship of Freeling. This is not the first time that meetings of the Electors of Light have, under the auspices of Mr. Michael Kenny, been blighted in the bud. It is not the first nor the second time our re- porters have accepted an invitation to the Railway Hotel, and on reach- ing the banquet hall have found them- selves almost the only guests. It is not the first nor the second time that Messrs. Kenny, Barrow, and Company, have declaimed to empty benches, and got their declamation palmed off on the country as the sentiments of a large and influential district. At the meeting on Wednesday afternoon there were not more than a dozen persons present when our reporter left. We do not grudge the expense of having placed a special reporter at the service of these twelve devoted apostles of Kennyism We should have been happy to have given them a column or two of our space the other day had the Freeling time corresponded better with the metropolitan. But it is in- cumbent on us to explain to such of our readers as may be unacquainted with the political organization of Freeling, that these meetings are only an echo of Tooley-street, and not of the District of Light. In future it would save misunderstanding if Mr. Kenny, instead of adopting the usual form of advertisement, would give it a more select and fashionable turn, something like the following: — "Mr. Kenny's compliments to his fellow- electors of Light, and he will be glad to see any of them who may find it convenient to call during the afternoon of Wednesday next; candidates for election, metropolitan stars, and special reporters particularly invited." We would undertake to accept such invitations as readily as the more official one published by Mr. Kenny last week, because Freeling reports are always interesting for their own sake, if for nothing else. If their representative value be limited, their literary piquancy makes them an oasis in the desert of ordinary pro- vincial politics. We are far from resenting Mr. Kenny's hasty indignation against us, the more so as he seems to have repented of it before the meeting closed, and seconded a special vote of thanks to us. Let us be friends, then, Mr. Kenny, and when you hold another "kettledrum," may we, in the fervid language of John Gilpin, "be there to see." Election Meetings.— The following meetings have been advertised for this week .--This evening, at Gawler, Gumeracha, Aldinga, and Mintaro; to morrow, afWilliamstown, Lyndoch Valley, Strath albyn, and Lobethali Wadneaday, at Eosenthal, Tanunda, the Meadows, and Houithton : Thursday, at Nuriootpa apd Angaston; Friday, at Stockwell and Truro. On^apabinga DiSTBiCT.-An election meeting was held at Caliington on Fiiday evening, March C, when Messrs. W. Townsend, M.P., and Thomas Playford were unanimously approved of as mem bers for the. diatript. ' ' - ^ ?- Dbtbictof Babossa.— A meeting of the electors of Barossa was held at the Oddfellows' HalL Gawler, on Friday evening. March ft for the purpose of hearing the political sentiments of Mr. P. Santo, M.P. There was a very large attendance, and Mr. J. Martin, M.P., presided. A proposition in favour of Mr. Santo was put and carried with only one dissentient A vote of thanks was accorded the two retiring members for the district —Messrs. Duffield and Martin— for then; past services. The proceedings, which were throughout of a very orderly kind, dosed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman and the Press. London Missionabt Society. - A juvenile missionary meeting will be held this evening in the Hindmarah-square Congregational Church. The children will be addressed by the Eev. 8. Mnpf«rl»p« and others. ? Ljoknseio Dat.— The annual meeting of the Bench of Magistrates will' be held to-day for granting publicans', storekeepers7, cattleslaughter ing, and pawnbrokers' licences, as per announce ment in the Government Gazette, p.p. 298-302. Thb Lam Case.— 'We have been requested to state that the case Mr. Beddbme referred to in the committal of Allen was the former charge against the same defendant heard before himself, and n-t the Bunyip case as appeared by eur report, F-QDrrT Coubt.— The Primary Judge will sit in Equity this morning, at 10 o'clock. Adelaide Police Coubt.— On Saturday, March 7, a charge of violent resistance and assault upon a police- constable resulted in a committal to the Supreme Court ; bail allowed. A charge of careless driving being proved, the defendant ijad to pay a fine' of 10s., Vith cofts-£2 3s. in all A female offender, charged with the use of obscene lan guage, was fined 10a, YoiUHTRKB Dam*.— The customary bi-monthly drill of the Adelaide Regiment (Prince Alfred's Rifles) took place in front of the Armoury, North terrace, on Saturday afternoon, March 7. There was a somewhat smaller attendance than usual, on account chiefly of the heat The eeneral command was assumed by Lieut-Colonel Mayo, assisted by MajorsClark and Baker. After niarly an hour's exercise, the companies were informed by Lieut Colonel Mayo that Colonel Biggs had instructed him not to harass them by a long drill. The men, who evinced audible sums of satisfaction at the intimation, were then dismissed to their private parades. ine iiatnct of Stonley-the third edition just about to be completed. Our Vineyards and Orchards, by E. ward; together with Rust in Wheat and other seria/s. +u°?f D^Py^f,the ' Comet' bound up with the ' Bella Gallico,' or the Invasion of Gall. Mackxrday's Tracks across the Interior, by J. Davis, Rundle- street; together with 'Essay on raising Green Crops in warm climates. ' (Very scarce. ) A Daniels come to judgment— dedicated to the public and the auctioneers of South Australia. Then, in addition to the foregoing works, there are the following new pieces of music : — 'The Hart that can Feel for Another,' addressed to the electors of Light. 'A Maughan's a Maughan for a' that,' together with the 'Low-backed Carr.' 'Where the Bee Sucks there Suck I,' as sung on the Port-road. A new version of 'All that's Bright must fade,' by W. Barnet (Gawler). 'Blow, Blow, thou Winter Wind,' ad dressed by Town Clerk to the Councillor for Kobe Ward on proposed reduction of sakrv Accompanying these there is also a new song by the Secretary to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, commencing — 'The minstrel boy to the war is gone, At the head of the poll you'll find him : nu own canoe he's paddling on, And Cavenagh'8 far behind him.' ' With all these valuable works, then, as well as with many others, His ltoyal High ness has been duly presented, and it is understood that when he has carried out his determination of making a library of them, Mr. T. P. Hill will be appointed perpetual oratorical reader, with 110 other duty than to elucidate and expound their contents to the enlightened British public. That His Royal Highness himself suffered slightly from ophthalmia before he left Victoria was caused, I need hardly say, by his endeavours to peruse the whole of the works presented to him. Indeed, this labour must have become so arduous that if the dedicators themselves had come within hearing of the Prince they might possibly have met with some such compliment as that which the Cardinal d'Este paid to Anosto on receiving from him a copy of ' Bombastea Furioso' — ' Why, where in the name of the devil have you found all this nonsense?' Turning now to more local matters, I have to complain of the Adelaide Corporation that they are becoming as circumlocutory as the Parliament itself. First a subject is dis cussed by the Council, then it is referred to a Committee; next the Committee refers it back to the general body of members, and then these get rid of it by handing it over to a 'Committee of the whole Council,' where it is discussed and disposed of with closed doors. Mr. Chambers's sanitary scheme, for instance, seems to have been sent upon a voyage of this kind, yet it is a matter which vitally affects the health of the community. As a proof, indeed, of the inte rest which the citizens take in the question, there is the following splendid outburst (new edition) by the llundle-street poet:— Know ye the land where the fattest of turtle Would melt to a frog in the heat of the clime. Where the mud of the street ana the dust of the dirt-hole Now crumble to powder, now moisten to slime? Know ye the land of the 6g-tree and vine, Where the grapes are delicious till made into wine. Where the light coats of zephyr, with plenty of room, Are better than tweed from the Manchester loom Where the ants in the summer eat all the beal fruit, And the charming mosquitoes' hum never is mute; Where the dust of the earth and the heat of the sk j Bring pain to the temples and tears to the eye, And the people's red noses are deepest in dye; Where the virgins are soft, if they ever recline In summer's hot beams when at midday they shine? 'Tis the clime of the South— 'tis the land of the Bun Can he smile on these gutters that nauseously runi Oh ! wild as the accents of lovers' farewell. Are the citizens calling for Charabers'a bell. The announcement of a ' corresponding clerk' wanted, carefully withheld from the pablic ken by the Government in their weekly periodical the Gazette, induces one to ask why they don't introduce a correspond ing system with the one which has been established in Victoria— that is, the system of filling up all vacancies by competition! This would relieve the heads of the depart ments of all charges of favouritism, and would also, relieve the heads of the junior clerks of much of the nonsense which they are now apt to be filled with on account of their extremely select notions about the public service and the proper mode of filling up the vacancies. As to the subjects in which a 'corresponding clerk' should be chiefly examined, I suppose they would be the Belk-Lettres, the 'Pen and Ink Sketches' of Michael Angelo Titmarsh, and the M Happy Dispatch'— a Japanese work of remarkable power and effectiveness. There is this, too, to be said in favour of competitive examinations— they would be open to all comers without restriction or jealousy. Mr. Mais could no longer be blamed justly or unjustly, and draftsmen like Sherwin would have to ' draw it a little milder' in the ornamentation line. ? This dis banded officer, it will be remembered, was referred to last week as being in the Engineer's office ; but ti^at department was separated a little while ago from the Architect's, so that Sherwin was not under Mr. Mais for a con siderable time before his dismissal. In electioneering matters there is a very striking phenomenon. Going from Dan to Beersheba— from East Torrens to the extreme ends of the colony, in, fact— there is. to, be seen a new development of the genus poK tician. This is 'the coming man, I suppose, and a mysterious customer he is. He announces himself as a 'qualified free trader,' but is in favour of passing laws to 'encourage native industries.' In nearly every district there is at least one such can didate as this ; and as far as I can make those gentlemen out they are ambitious of being what Byron calls ' The members for the other interest— meaning The same self-interest with a different leaning.' In reference to theatrical matters, ' I had a dream which was not all a dream.' The Town Hall appeared to me in a vision. Up stairs many people were seated waiting to see Mr. Coppin'stragedian, but through some mysterious agency the harder they looked at the stage the more determined were the other portions of the building to rise and obstruct the sight. At one moment Anderson was addressing the 'grave and reverend 8igniors''ih the character of O^ello, when instead of the sigoiors there we saw seated before us the Mayor and Common Councillors, who had been sent up through a trap door from their room of state below — His Worship looking remarkably well as the Doge of Venice. Then there was Hamlet listening to the players in the royal court of Denmark. But the Court in this case was the Insolvency Court, with Downer for the King, whilst a defaulting creditor afterwards revisited the glimpses of the moon as the ghost of Hamlet's father. What was still worse, howeyei-j was the appearance of Mr. Hql|oway in' qne. ' of his favourite nautical dramas, when, in order to give effect to the scenery, the Whole of the City Waterworks Establishment, whose offices are in that part of the building immediately underneath the stage, rose in tremendous uproar, and turned on real water for Mr. Holloway's ships- to float in. Nothing, indeed, was ever seen on the stage more fine than the turning on of the great main, accompanied by the song and chorus — ' The main ! the main ! the flowing main, Where proudly rides Britannia's fleet' Of course all this was 'nothing but a dream,' as Eugene Aram says. But still it was as good as a pl»y, utd what ia more, there sns -mo part which; I wish' was real 1 mean the acene in 'Othello' where the ?w!i °£^h-? in 'id exclaims, 'SUence f^J?1' Ye8' I^ouldbeglad if ri JTi? ^ every *? «'! Btifl more Slii rt ^ &e; ^P^8 -v wKch he now heanng is needlessly put to the torture by this constant 'ringing in the head ' Concerning the Northern Territory, I SS^Bp^li0?deli oueht to fctrf*1 l*f°™ i court-martial for having dared to return jvithout being able to announce that he had found 300,000 acres of land all surveyed and rcady for immediate occupation, with streets ind roads laid out at right augles, together Kith a plantation of tropical produce in the i'ery centre of tho territory. His culpable ?eniissness ou this point, however, will be no :xcuse for further delay on the part of the -Jovernment. Let them send the Surveyor general out immediately, and not attemutto ajurh. xne agreement with land purchasers by offering to pay back the money, for there are some of them who won't take their money. They bought land, and they mean to have land. 'It is so mminated' in the bond, ' and the Government will have some difficulty to get out of their contract, no matter whether they come, as Hamlet says, with Ayers from Heaven, or blasts from' that other region which South Australian mmisters have done as much as anybody to supply with paving-stones. ?ji '7'^ the weatlier is extremely hot, idlers about town and other slow people arts not 'expected' to laugh too much at any of ™e foregoing 'goaks,' lest the exertion should be too much for them. At the same time, however, the Latin proverb still holds good— Arcm nimis intensusritmvitar. 