The contested residue of tho second batch of the elections takes place to-day; but all interest" in the languid contest has already evaporated. The presence of iur. jjcffy ana nis Hieuon-man tactics hare so damaged the cause of the so- called Opposition, that those who were eligible and willing to beoome candidates for a seat in Parliament have with drawn in disgust, whilst the great body of the respectable and substantial people opposed to the Ministry have approved of this withdrawal, declining, as they do, to countenance the unscrupulous schemes of an adventurer, whoso solo aim is " N umber one and the main chance." We need scarcely refer to such instances in point as thoso of Mr. O'Shanassv and Mr. Blackwood, whe have cleared out of the arena in sheer disgust. There are others less known to the publio, who would have come forward, both in the second and third batches, and have thrown tho weight and respectability of their social position into the contest against the Ministry. But when they heard the hyena-scream of Duffy claiming first rank they drew back in horror. They all- see that his colonial career proclaims his whole previous course of life a prolonged lie in action — a complicated piece of hypocrisy, long drawn out through years of false pretence, trickery, and cowardly cunning And- the man who for his own paltry selfish ends ployed fast and ' loose with the sacred feelings of a generous, though credulous com munity, is naturally regarded with reprobation by the moro reflecting and less impulsive, and better educated olass of men, who are in this country the judges of Mr. Duffy's proceedings at the present day. Besides, logically it seems to their minds something irrational and monstrous, that a person who publicly proclaims he is incapable of supporting himself in this land of gold, and who makeB a statutory declaration to that elfect, in order to entitle him to claim State-aid, for the purpose of keeping body and soul together, should set himself up as a leader in public life, as a doer and a statesman, and as one capable of anything practical or successful in politics. Thus, contempt for his capacity, disgust for tho character with which his whole life is branded, abhorrence of the man — all com bine to make tho respectable portion of tho community Bhun, as polluted, the ground that Duffy takes up. The cholera could not have cleared the ranks of the Opposi tion of eligible candidates moro speedily and thoroughly than the baleful appari tion of the pensioned " rebel to the back -' bone._' Amongst tho many-nationod colonists ef Victoria, Englishmen and Scotchmen are amazed and Bhocked at the inexplicably puzzling and strangely degraded position occupied by tho Young- Ireland Revolutionist, who does not hoBitato to exhibit himself as a State panper amongst this ener getic community of striving, self-reliant, self -sustaining man, and yet imagines he oan take a leading political place amongst the members of such an independent- minded; race ; and as for the Irishmen, the . thinking and better-circumstanced Eortion of them feel utterly ashamed and umiliated, that one who had set up for a great political leader amongst them, should show himself a mean hungry hunter after the bounty ef the State- sacrificing everything to seoure a living at the cost of the Public Treasury, and yet indulging the absurd expectation that he will he aocepted in the place of honour amongst publio men. It is feelings of this kind which have put Duffy and tho cause he champions under ban. If any thing can prolong tho existence of the M'Culloch Ministry for another year or two, it is the fact that they are so fortunato as to have Duffy- opposed to them. " Having thuB seen what the particular plaguo-spot is, which by its presence causes the Opposition ranks to be deserted by all that is of worth, let us try and dis cover what the second batch will turn out this eveuing at tho ballot-box. At Ararat, where two aro to be elected, we should suppose the old members M'Lellan and "Wilson — will be returned. Of the two other can didates—Messrs. O'Callaohan and Chalmeiis— nothing specially attractive is known. Tho Ministry will, therefore, be the gainers herv, tor M'Lellan is too ruggedly hones 1 to pin his faith tc Duffy, and Wilson is a professed Minis terialist. At Creswick, Messrs Fbaseb and Milleb, both Ministerial, will have an easy victory. At Crowlands, Mr. Bybnb (Ministerialist) will have ibe first place, and Mr. Colin Campbell and the David Blaib will have a sharp con test for the second. . As a scholar and a gentleman, of course, Mr. Colin Camp, bbll is immeasurably superior to the | psalm-smiting Little-Bethelito David ; but Mr. Campbell's position as a squatter greatly militates against him. For the rest, we Bhould not object to see the two fellow-townsmen — David and Duffy — pitted against each other in the House, as some plain and instructive truths ore sure to be eiioited when folks of that ilk take to candid speaking of ono another. With respect to Maryborough, the Mi nisterial men, such as they are — Messrs. M'Kean and Bowman— will probably be chosen. In the Murray district, JonN Obb, having declared for the Ministry, will probably be again elected ; but as the other candidate, Mr. Witt, is also for tho Ministry, the result is of no con sequence. It must, in any case, be against that ghost of a party, the imaginary Op position of the nesv Assembly. For the Ovens, doubtless the two former members, viz, the eccentric and sopulchral- voiced G. V. Smith and tho genial Kerfebd, will again sit in the Assembly as the re presentatives of the district ; whilst Mr. Minister Macobegob will easily beat the Dummy-Major Suacicell at Rodney. Thus, the whole of the second batch — that is, tho five uncontested seats, and tho twelve contested— will, with two doubtful exceptions, go all in favour of the Mi nistry. And the elections so far will verify our anticipations that tho whole of the Opposition benches in tho new As sembly will bo empty, with the exception of four or five seats, filled by Mr Duffy and his merry men, together with tho two or three individuals who hare not as yet broken with him. Tho Constitution alists, as they call themsolvos, are, in fact, crashed as a parliamentary party ; and Duffy is the cause. As Shelley says : — " lie came, he went, like the Simoom, That , harbinger of fate and gloom, Henenth wliese widely wasting breath The ver)r cypress droops to death." To-day the polling for the electoral districts of Ararat, Creswick, Crowlands, Maryborough, Murray District, tho Ovens, and Rodney will take place. The candidates are respeciively as follow :— Ararat : W. Wilson, W. O'CaHsgben, end H. B. Chalmers,. Ministerialists ; and W. M'Lellan, Opposition. Creswick : W. Frtzer" and W. Miller, Ministerialists ; and W. E. Stanbridge, Opposition. Crowlands : R. Byrne, D. Blair, and G. M. Newman, Ministerialists ; and A. Live, jun , and Colin Campbell, Opposi tion. Maryborough: R. Bowman and James M'Kean, Ministerialists ; and P. Curtain and H. Levy, Opposition. Murray District : W. Witt and John Orr, Ministerialists. Ovens : G. Y. Smith and A. 8mart, Ministerialists ; and G B, Kerferd nnd J. J, B. Bowman, Opposition. Rodney : J. Macgregor, Minis terialist; and — Shackell, Opposition. His Honour Mr. Justice Williams yesterday delivered bis decision respecting the application that had been made to hlra, for a mmdamtis to compel the mayor and assessors of Brighton to place ninety-three additional voters on the Brighton roll. lie said that be considered the preliminary objection made— namely, that the case was not one of emergency — precluded him from dealing with it under the emergency clause under which he lied been applied to. Hod the ease beau one of emergency, he might have hnd some difficulty in deciding upon It. At first he thought that the fact of the rate having been paid by the vendor was a sufficient an swer to the application; but It had been shown by the learned counsel for the applicants that they were liable ti be rated, because the Brighton Council might have struck another rate, not having exercised their full rating powers. It was not necessary, how ever, forbim to decide thnt point. Ho had con ferred with Mr. Justice Barry, and they had both ngreed that the case was not one of emer gency. The net giving a single Judge the powers of the Full Court to grant a mandamus was only meant to provide a remedy lor pressing wrong', end he thought as two terras of the Full Court had bsen beld since the wrong was done, without assistance betag sought, it would not be right for him to interfcro as though there was a real emergency. The application was dismissed on a preliminary objection; thereforo costs would not bo allowed. We understand that Mr. MIebie was waited upon yesterJny by a deputation from Emerald Hill, who requested him to become a candidate for the representation of that district. Mr, Mlchle's answer was a refusal ; and we believe that It i9 not bis Intention to stand for any dis trict nt this election. Some 300 of the supporters of Mr. Service met last night, at Mac's hotel, Smith street, Colllng- wood, to enrol themselves as members of that gentleman's committee. Mr. Service addressed those present In a most able end telling speech, which was enthusiastically received, nnd his views on the present polllicol position were warmly adopted by the meeting. Mr. Martin M'Kenne, who stands In the In terest of the Opposition for the Kyneton Bo roughs, addressed the electors on Tuesday even ing, at the local Mechanics' Institute, and was well received. Messrs. Curtln and Levy, the Opposition can- didates for Maryborough, addressed a meeting of tho electors at Chinaman's Flat ou Monday evening, Bnd obtained a vote of confidence. Tbe meeting seems to have been n very disorderly one. Mr. Blndon has Issued en address to tl)8 electors of Cnstlematne. Mr. J. B. Patterson hns also advertised an address to the same con stituency, la which he announces himself a candidate iu the Opposition Interest. Mr. Marshall Singleton .bos not, It appears, withdrawn his candidature for Kllmore. Mr. L. Burkohas advertised his Intention to come for ward for this constituency on the side of the Opposition. Mr. Jamea Thomas Is the Minis terial candidate. The contest for Rodney Is likely to be a very close affair, and, as usual la such oases, a good deal of personal feeling has been Imported into the struggle. A letter appears In the Riverine Herald Irom Mr. J. Lee Archer, manager of the Ecbuca branch of tbe Bank of Victoria, in which the writer states that tho following telegram lied been sent by Mr. Shackell to Mr. Matheson, general manager of the hank :— " Are you aware . that your manager here is prosecuting on active canvBSS Irom house to house for Macgregor, and has been doing so for days past? — Henbv P. Tatlob, Solicitor." Mr. Archer denies that he has canvassed ony one, and Is very bitter on Mr. Shackell's conduct; Mr. "Eddy, one of the Opposition candidates for Bellaarnt East, met some of the electors on Wednesday evening, end addressed there on the subject of his candidature. He obtained the usual vote declaring him a fit and proper person to represent the constituency: Tbe Daylesford Express, a quasi- Ministerial journal; thus descants upon the economical tendencies of the Ministerial candidates for Cres wick: — "If Messrs. Fraicr and Miller hnve spent as little In their canvBsa elsewhere as in this division, the contest will not cost them much. Mr. Stanbridge and his friends, on the con- trary, have not only shown extraordinary actl- vity, but have spared ho expense to secure' his return." , The Church Assembly held their seventh sitting yesterday, but the business of the session was not concluded, and consequently tbe assem bly wbs not prorogued. Anotherslulng will he held to-day to conclude the business, and the Bishop will afterwords meet the clergy for the ; ur- poso of taking steps for tlte creation of a Clerical Lltoraty Society. Several resolutions, reducing the price of marriage licenses to L4 4'., nnd the fees for marriage by banns, including marriage certificate, to LI, .were carried ; and a schema for the establishment of. a cathedral was adopted. The doctrine of repudiation hns, It seems, been adopted by the Borough Council of Daylesfotd. On Wednesday two creditors sued the council for sums due by acceptances - the one tor money advanced to or on account of the council, the otter for money doe on contracts, and the council, without disputing' tho -debts, pleaded that they had so power to grant acceptances. Hie Honour Judge Forbee quietly, but very elgnlficantly, remarking It was the first time actions had been brought before blm on corpora tion acceptances, nonsuited tho plaintiffs. It Is rumoured that the Bank of Victoria hns consented to oaah the orders of the civil servants, and thus relieve them from much temporary embarrassment. A meeting was held last night In St. Qeorge'a- hall, at which a society was farmed for the purpose of assisting poisons of education, who hove fallen Into distressed circumstances. His Excellency the Governor presided, nnd there were about 200 persons present. Particulars of the proceedings appear In another column. An application was ogola made by Mr. H. Molcsworlh yesterday, to tls Honour Judge Molesworth, thnt administration of tho goods of the lots Dr. Eades should be granted to his widow. Mr. Molesworth said every search had been made for the will which Dr. Eades was supposed to have made, but It could not be found, and it was thought the deceased must have destroyed it himself. His Honour stated that another advertisement, giving full par ticulars respecting the supposed will, must be Inserted In e newspaper, and ho would then, If the will were not. discovered, be prepared to grant the administration es sought. About 4 o'clock yesterday morning the con stable on duly at Prince's Bridge bow a well- dressed young woman running down to the banks of the river. He followed her, but she quickened her pace, nnd ha took hold of her as she was nbout to throw herself into tho water. He Bsked her what was her reason for attempt ing to drown herself, and 9he replied that she was not going to lend tho wretched life she was llvlag any moro, and that " Mr. Fisher had broken her heart." She was con veyed to the watch-bouse, and there gave the name of Annfc Norton; but It was subsequently ascertained that ber real name was Fanny R'gg, nod that she resided In Stephen slreot. Later in tbe dsy she wae taken before the City Court, and was remanded for seven days for medical attendance. The half-yearly meeting of the Commercial Bar k was held yesterday, ot which the report, showing ths steady progress made by the insti tution, wes adopted. Messrs. Thomos M'Com- hle, M LA., and J .lines Mason were elected directors. A weekly grain market Is to be initiated at Kynetou forthwith. Thursday next, the 13!h, is the first market day. Yesterday's Courier says : — " A fracas oc- curred yesterday afternoon ' under the verandah' In Sturt street, between two persons connected with the mining Interest, one ef whom gave the other the lie direct, which was Instantly re sented, with n sanguinary development, prompt but not pleasant. A rush from the Corner be tokened the interest caused by the Impromptu battery, hut the crowd had to retire without seeing nny sport." The Ballaarat eleven having beaten the p'eked teems ef Cnstlematne and Bendlgo, Intend taktog ths measure of the Melbourne cricketers to morrow, on the M.C.C. ground. The Bsllaarstlens are expected to nrrlvo by the last tralu ro-nfght, nnd tho match will commence at 10 o'ekek to-morrow mornkg. A few days ago Mr. W. II. Dow, a sheep- owner, was fined hy the Oeeloag Bench 130, for having scabby sheep In bit possession. Mr. Dow appeared again at tho same court on Wed- nesday, on a similar charge, and was mulcted in the sum of 1.30 18s. On Sunday afternoon tho front wall of a build ing in Sydney street, Kllmore, fell with a terrible crash, the debris covering the footpath and street to the extent of nearly 30/t. A young man named Lapraik had an extraordinary and providential escape from an untimely death. He was sitting against tbe wall, rending a news- pnper, when the accident occurred, end suffering from deafness he failed to boar the noise In time to escape. Fortunately, however, he (lid not attempt it, for he wra hurled beneath the ruins without suffering the least possible injury, and made bis way out through some apertures in the root. William G, B. Gurnett was committed for trial at the City Court yesterday morutng, on a charge of forging auil uttering a hill of exchange for 1.50 on Mr. William Bates, of Swanston street. A jn imafaciu case was made out ; and it was stated in evidence tbe accused had con fessed his guilt. Tbe prisoner declared his ln- nococcc, and said ho would be able to prove it at his trial. At tbe District Court, yesterday morning, Josephine Itothwell summoned Matilda Ander son and Alice Connor for smashing the windows of her cottmge (Verbena Cottage, Flinders lane), on tbe 26th ult. Alice Connor was also sum moned for threatening to take tho life of Char lotte Martin. The quarrel, It seems, took placa in consequence of a gentlemen, who was de scribed as having " considerable personal attrac tions," having transferred his attentions from one .ol tho women to the other. Jo9e|<hlno Roth- will, a showily-dressed good-looking young women, deposed that on fiundoy evening, the 26th Jannsry, she was at her house with Mrs, Mertlo, when " a kuoek came to tbe door." Six gentlemen were In the parleur, end one of them acted as porler on the occasion. Alice Connor end Mntllda Anderson were outside, and ono of them having said "He is hero," they endeavoured to force tbe youog man to go away with them, but he refused. They kept possession of the house for about an hour and a half, and smashed the windows with stones. Charlotte Martin mainly corroborated the statement of tho last wit ness Mr. HenTy Swanston was called to give evidence for the defence, but he said he did not know anything about the affair, as he left befoto tho wlndew-hreaklng com menced. Mr. Sturt, who presided, fined the defendants 5s, each, with 10:. each damages, and LI Is. each cosis. — Charlotte Martin was then placed iu tho witness-box to state her case ; and Mr. Gahan satd he hoped it would not be heard, as It was part and parcel of the other. Witness : She swore she would take my life. Mr. Sturt: She h&snot; a very sanguinary ap pearance. Witness: She told mo If I spoke to this gentlemen or had anything to do with him, she would kill me If she had to follow rae about for a rannth. Mr. Sturt. disposed of the case hy ordering the defendant to find one surety of LOO to keep the peace. A very remarkable circumstance, to say the least of It, occurred at Sraytheedalo on Tues day. nn the previous day the house of Mr. Henry Proctor, during tbe absenco of himself and bis wife, was robbed of several articles of jewellery, valued at about L4. Mrs. Proctor did hat dtf cover the loss till about in o'clock on Tuesday morning, when she instantly hastened to the claim where her busbaud and bla mate were at work, making known tho pnrtlsulars of the theft. It wns then about nn hour befere dinner-time, and as Mr. Proctor wished to give notlca to. the police at once, he quitted work, and lite male also left off work. Between IS nnd 1 o'clock they bolh returned to work, and were then thunderstruck to find thnt during the short time- they were away the whole of the claim had completely sotiled down. Had they remained underground till the usuel dinner- hour, they would evidently have been buried alive. We leern frotn a Sandhurst journal that the body of Denlel Bolt, who, as our readers will re member, 'was hurled alive In a claim ou the Sheepshead Reef on Tuesday, wns recovered about 0' o'clock the following evening. Relays uiicsrs have been engnged from the time of tbe ai-;!i'< ?it until the body was got our. In removing tfc o uiuMn-k which ctvertd fr ; lint this was deugeror.;; work, for tho loose stuff with which the open cutting is half filled kept running down as fust as the men .e.uoved It, and it was not until tlmtxr hnd been put to, J't'lcli partially stopped tho stuff from felling, fhaf rlic body was reached. To undetstaud bow tuc accident incurred, ft Is necessary to slato that the centre of tbe Mil, for a considerable length and breadth, had fallen In troui the surface, leaving an immense open npece. On the weBt side of thb Thompson sunk bis shaft io solid ground, and drove Into tbe bottom of tha old wotklnga ; and it was while driting nloogiide the old workings the accident happened. tJume s / the timber, fixed to , resent the loose staff which had fallen In from the surface coining farther' down, suddenly broke, and there was an Immediate rush down of earth and quartz which at onca covered the deceased, while Thompson, who was near him, mansgrd to escape by jumping back, Bnd nt once procured assistance; but, es already stated, It was found Impossible to get at the deceased, though the mo9t strenuous efforts woro made, until props and slabs were put In, and a large quantity of stuff had been hauled to the surface. From tho position In which the body was found, being doubled up from tho Immense pressure of stuff ou It, death must have ensued in a Bhort lime. It would Bppear also that the tten removing the stuff were at one time within a foot of the body when a fresh fall took place. Tho first cose under the new Lunacy Statute was heard yesterday, at the offices of Mr. F. Wilkinson, the Master In Lunacy. It! was brought to determine the sanity or otherwise of Mr. John Niven, of St. Kllda, with tho view to the appointment of o committee to manage bis affairs. Mr. Lawes, Instructed by Mr. Pavey, appeared for Mr. Ntven, juo. ; and several wit nesses were examined, Including Dr. Bayldon. Tbe result wns that Mr. Nlven was found lunatic, and a committee will forthwith bo appointed. It may be mentioned that Mr. Nlven lost a large sum of money by tbe defalcations of Miller, wbo beforo bis conviction re.-lded at Rokeby-bail, Collingwood. This had preyed upon bis mind, and ho had taken to driaklog, which had im paired his mind. Tho monthly meeting of the Horticultural Society of Victoria was held at the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday ; Mr. W. Clarson, vlco- presldont, in the chair. Amongst the corre spondence woe a letter from.Tasmanlo, applying for copies of rules, etc., -for the' pubpose of form ing a similar society in that colony. A. letter was also read from Mr. Phillips, presenting a variety of scions received from Mr. Ingram, of tho Koyal gardens, Windsor, England. A vacancy having occurred In the managing com mittee, Mr. T. Lambert, of Richmond, was nnonimously elected to fill the vacancy. The subject of preparlog a schedule for an early spring exhlblllon was postponed until next meeting, Two now members were reported, and accounts amounting to L14 4s. were passed for payment. Mr. J. C. Cole exhibited u collection of gropes of- tho varieties known ns golden chasselos, parsley- leaved ohasselas, black Fron- tignac, early white Malvolsle, and muscat d'Aout, tho last two of recent Introduction ; he also exhibited two varieties of plums — Cole's blue superb and the late Orleans, and a plant of Cole's goldon drop in pot. Mr. T. C. Cole exhibited two clusters of apples from en Imported tree, the peculiarities of which ho bes brought before tbe society during past years, one of tbe clusters shown beiog tho result of tbe early spring bloom, the other cluster being from tbe bloom ef a later period, and this has now become tbe settled characteristic of the tree and of grafts therefrom. Messrs. B. and 8. Johnson exhibited a collection of ten seedling verbenas and eighteen gladioli, very distinct In character and marking; tbe. verbenas were considered good bedding varieties. Mr. Ronalds, of Richmond, exhibited a fine spike of Blgnenla grandlfiora, a bunch of Escal- lonia floribundo, and two stands of dahlia blooms, Mr. Sims exhibited a very fine bloom of-Godetla. From tho gardens of tho society the auperln- tendent sent n very valuable collection of apples, consisting of fifty-threo varieties. This exhibit attracted considerab'e attention, nnd a sub-com mittee of experts was appointed to examine and report specifically as to tho . authenticity of the varieliesas per names attached. ' This being the ' first senson of bearing of ninny of tha fruit trees in the experimental gardens, it was determined, that an authentic record should be kept of tbe period of ripening, of bloom, end every important particular In connection with the trees. 8even varieties of peaches and five of apricots were also sent from the gardens. At length the gardens appear to bo realising the object for which they were establlshe1, and will soou be regarded as the only means at hand for comparing the fruits of the colony. A Geelong poper completes of the large, number of damaged pipes aent to Geelong for the purposes of water supply. Says our contem porary " Will tbe contractors make good this deficiency ? This shows tho folly of sending home for work that could be manufactured here. If these pipes bad been furnished in Victoria, the Government could bove compelled the makers to deliver every pipe perfect ; whereas If they send home to England to complain of fractures, etc., the founders will snap their fingers at them." The prisoner Brown, who stands charged with the commission of several burglaries nt Ballaarat, has been identified ns tha perpetrator of more than one robbery committed during last month at Sandhurst. On Wednesday, In the Ballaarat County Court, the first of s belch of esses brought by persons who, In the mining innnio of 1885, bought scrip In the Rocky Lend Gold Mining Company, was heard. They sued the promoters of that scheme for the moneys paid for the scrip, the ground of notion being the fact that the company was never registered, and never did any work. The defence was thnt the going to work depended on the revelations thnt might be made by the Lennon's Paddock Company, which was still In existence, wherefore it could not be said that tbe scheme bad proved abortive. The pro spectus was admitted to bo n "little highly coloured," but that was only the rule ; and generally it was contended that tbe promoters had acted bona fide. His Honour reserved Ms decision, and It wns agreed that the ruling in the case heard should govern nil. His Honor also intimated that in any event It was not a case for costs on either side. A complimentary concert was given last evening ot the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald Hill, to Mrs. Turner, who Ires lent considerable assistance to the penny reading movement on " the Hill." Mr. Whltemnn, Mr. Waters, Mr. D. A. Madden, Mr. Dwlght, Mrs. Sanderson, Mrs. Masters, and other well. known amateurs, took part In the entertainment. There was & very good attendance, and everything passed off successfully, The danger of Interfering between husband and wife Is proverbial. 1 1 was Illustrated rather powerfully the other day hy a case which came before the public through the medium of tbe Seymour Police Court. It appeared that in December lost a man named Taylor, residing at Tallarook Flat, so ill-used his wife that she bed to seek the shelter and protection of a kind neighbour named M'Nnlr. According to M'Nnlr's statement, when he admitted Mrs. Taylor teto his house, the blood was oozing from her mouth, ears, and nose, through a severe beating she received from her husband. When Mrs. Taylor came to her self, she entreated and requested M'Nair to go to her place and bring her some of tbe flour and other necessaries of life that were In the house, to support herself and her children. This he did, and left them in tbe room which he had given to Mrs. Taylor and her children. The man Teylor having missed ' the articles, traced them to M'Nnlr's bouse, brought Senior-con stable O'Grndy to tbe bouse, itantlfied the properly, and gave M'NsIr in charge for steal ing them ium his dwelling. Mrs. Taylor proved to the 9evere brutal treatment towards her, and said that she requested M'Nair to brUig ber the articles In question ; end were It not Jul she kindness nf M'Nair, herself and leer - children would have' been starved and dead thrcugn the ill-trentroent of her husband long ego. The Bench took a lenient view of the matter ; end while exonerating M'Nair from the charge of stealing the un;itrly, sold It would bo much better that lies!:1 ui 1 : jt interfere as he had done. A dramatic performance was given at the Polytechnic-hall last evening, In aid of the ship wrecked people belongiag to" the General Grant. There was only a moderate attendance. A new drome, In four acts, written by Mr. James Anderson, entitled "Clouds and Sun shine," will be produced »t the Theatre Royel to-morrow night. This evening Mr. Andersen will .repeat his impersonations ef Ingomzr and Petruchlo. " Un Balio in Uaschera " is to be played lor the last time at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre to-night. To-morrow evening "Tho Bohemian Girl" and " La Flglla del Regglmento" are to hB produced, In whloh the two companies will appear. "Nobody's Child" was repeated at tha Princess' Theatre last night, and, thanks to the acting of Miss Earl end Mr. Apploton, went oxtremely well. This evening a comedy en titled " Flies In tbe Web," will bo performed" "with Mr. Qlll'a farce, " Which la' Whloh." ' 