LATEST TELEGRAPHIC INTELLI GENCE. (Translated from Le Semaphore de Marseilles.) (PEB GBEVILLE AND CO.) St. Na3aIBE, February 34th . — The Lafayetto brings news from Lima up to 22nd Jan. General Prado had taken refuge in Chili on board an American vessel. Sanguinary engagements had tkken place at Iquique, Jauba, and Arica. General Causeeo was administering the Govern ment. Order bad been maintained at Lima ; but, in Southern Peru, Colonal Balta asprired to the Presidency. Diplomatic relations have been established between Peru and Chili. Enropeau commerce bad not suffered by the troubles of the country. Roue, February 24tb. — M. de Sarliges has presented to the Pope a letter from the Emperor, thanking biia for the promotion of the Abbe, Bonaparte' l<> the Cardinal's stall. La France says that the exoneration from military service during 1868 has been fixed by the Minister of War at £2500. Notwithstanding the declar ations of the Roumaiu Government, the Bul garian and Servian intrigues continue. In the Principalities 2500 muskets and ten cases of re volvers, whose destination is Bulgaria have been brought into Bucharest. Le Semaphore de Marseille gives telegraphic news from New York, under date 8th February, which notifies the in troduction of Mr T. Thornton, (successor to the late Mr Bruce, British Consul), by Mr Seward to the Presideut. Mr Thornton assured the Pre sident of the friendship of the Queen, and that the British Government fully recognised the sympathies extended to Mr Bruce, Mr Johnston signifying bis earnest wish to show them the good, feeling between the two nations. The President replied, the Queen beyond all other sovereigns deserved the respect and sympathies of the American people." A message of such good- wi|l encourages u hope of a speedy and amicable arrangement of the difference between the two Governments. Advices -had' been received in New York to the effect that theinsurgenta at Yucatan had de feated Juarez's troops, and occupied Merida. Bias and Escobedo have tendered their re signations. It was reported that an insurreotion had broken out at Sinaloa. The French Minister of War lias concluded an agreement with M. Schultz, a Prussian Captain of Artillery.as to to the making of white gunpowder, a factory for the manufacture of which is beiug established at Bourge. . Under date 24th Feb., by a telegraphic dis patch, Le Semaphore learns that a severe hurri cane had done much injury ou the coast of Ireland and to the breakwater at Holyhead, and it was feared that much damage had been done to ship ping in the Channel. The Malta Observer gives a telegram from Florence of 20th Feb., published in L'ltalie, to the effeat that the Pope bad given orders for lh»" discontinuing the enrolment of foreign volunteers in the papal army. The dis tress caused by tile famine iu Tripoli and Tunis is represented by the French papers as some thing appalling, dreadful seeues of misery having been witnessed among the natives. The Naples Observer, of Feb. 10:b, says the eruption of Mount Vesuvies is upon the increase, and from the threatening indications it is believed that they will still further increase. IheArmy and Navy Gazette announces the appointmentof Capt.J. I.N. Buchanan, lately on the staff in Australia. asBrigadeMajor to General Ridley's Brigade at Malta. Lord Clarence Paget, the present admiral of thcMediterruneansquadron bas-sbifted bis flag from- the Caledonian to the Lord "Warden. ; ' ' TtE LOBD LIEUTENANT ON IBELAND ON . ' FENIANI6M. Dublin. — Tuesday night, February, 25. The Lord Lieutenant was enthusiastically received at 'the Lord Mayor's banquet. Referring toFehiauism he said it was only rampant in Cork laud, adjoining localities ; that the active conspirators were few in number, -;aud that the leader would ultimately be brought to justice. There never was a lime wheu there was a greater desire i'u England to do justice to Ireland, and Sb',, looked forward hopefully to the. lime when ie would be a prosperous aud contented member of' the.TJnited Kingdom. His Excellency stated that he believed that the result of the Railway CqipTpiasiqu would be satisfactory to the country. latest teleouams. > Washington, Feb. 24.— -The resolution re ported by the Reconstruction Committee for the impeachment of President Johnson passed the House "'of Representatives to-day by a strict parly vote. . "Judy, one of the funny contemporaries of London ' Punch, asks — " What is the difference between, ';a dqfaced sixpence and tbe flag that's braved. lCiOQ, years, etc?— One's a battered tan ner; and the other is — don't you see P" To judge from the vituperative language iu which ascertain well-known American is so foud of in dulging,' he cannot possibly be looked upon iu the . light of " a Parliamentary Traiu." Judy also gives it us strange that tbe Latin for " the day wanes " is "it dies," and gives the definition of the ghost of a turkey" as "wheu it's a goblin." . At' the annual race meetiug at Hong Koug, tiyo of. the events of the races were the winning of the German Cup by Birmingham, an Aus tralian horse, and subsequently defeating Exeter, the.' Sbangai crack, and three others for tbe Challenge Cup, value 500 guineas. Another romance of the sea, or what iu all probability is so, is opened to us in the report of the French schooner Helena, from Newcastle, who, reports having on her passage to lloug Eong been signals of distress on shore at Tatata Island, in la). 11.55 south, 170.3 east, on 23rd January. The heavy weatlior prevented her giving any assistance, aud after waiting 24 hours he wag compelled to proceed on uer voyage to Houg Kong. There can be no doubt from such definite signals having been observed, as induced the French captain to remain 21 hours, that some uufortunale castaways arc oil the island, aud it is to be hoped that some steps will be taken to shorten their privations and restore them to society. .. A fruit farmer iu Ohio is plantiug a mammoth vrchard, which will consist of 5000 apple trees, as sorted kinds, 10,000 peach trees, 6000 pear trees, standard, 2,000 dwarf, 2600 cherry trees, 1500 plums, six acres of quinces, 20 acres of strawberries, 20 acres of raspberries, eight ucrei of blackberries, 18 acres of grapes. A greater part of tile trees are already dug. 