PUBLIC MEETING. POB8UA.N1 to advertisement a meeting was held in the Court House at Taree, on Wednesday the 1st instant, in reference to Steam Communication—Henry Flett.Esq., being in the Chair, and Mr. E. Doust acting as Secretary. Mr. D. Wynter moved, and Mr. Andrew Gill seconded the following resolution, which was supported by other gentlemen and carried:—That this meeting considers existing arrangements for Steam communication with the metropolis insufficient to meet the requirements of the district; and that such an alteration in this respect as would give increased facilities to shippers is desirable." H- J." Cornish, Esq., moved, and Mr. E. Perrett seconded the second resolution, which was also supported by other gentlemen, and carried unanimously—" That the Australian Steam Navigation Company be requested to resume their connection with the trade of this river, and that the following requisition bo sent throughout the district for signatures, and be forwarded to the Manager of the Company." [REQUISITION.] To the Manager of the Australian Steam Navigation Company, Sydney. Sir,—We, the undersigned residents of the Manning River District, shippers of produce, audothers interested iu steam communication with the metropolis, having for a considerable time -suffered much inconvenience by reason of the want of proper facilities for the shipment of cargo, and feeling the immediate necessity for an improvement in this respect, request that your Company will resume their connection with the trade of this river, and in the event of your Board of Directors being pleased to accede to our request, we hereby pledge ourselves to give the Company our support, and use our influence iu their favor, .relying on their disposition to carry on the trade at moderate charges, and with a view to the general interest of shippers. Mr. C. Crofton moved, and Mr. E. Doust seconded the following resolution—" That the following gentlemen bo requested to collect signatures in various parts of the district, viz., Messrs- James Campbell, J. Cochrane, Angus Kenneday, Joseph Laurie, Hugh Murray, Robert Belford, junior, Wm. Norton, Andrew Gill, Ezra Perrett, Richard Williams, George Allen, Isaac Rose, James Eggins, and Henry Flett, Esq. Carried. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the proceedings. This meeting was numerously attended, and all present fully endorsed the opinion that we required what we are petitioning Hou. Sec. THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN WHEAT CROP.— The Adelaide Observer of March 14 has an article analysing the Government Statsit's returns of the wheat crop of South Australia for the year. It appears there are nearly four million bushels less than the crop of laBt season, although there were nearly one thousand acres additional put under wheat. The average production is less than five bushels (4J bushels) to the acre. This is a much smaller average than we remember noting in any season in the last twenty years, and is a fearful testimony of the destructive power of rust. The total production of South Australia was 2,605,060 bushels; of this quantity 1,050,000 are required for feeding the 170,000 inhabitants of South Australia, aud 687,000 for seed for next season's crop. This will leave only 868,000 bushels for export, of all qualities, or rather less than 20,000 tons of flour. The only wonder is that, with so small a production to the acre there is any left for export at all. The proportion of good wheat is returned as 147,000 acreB, producing 1,391,000 bushels; of medium wheat 162,000 acres, producing 804,000 bushels; and of inferior wheat 191,000 acres, producing 410,000 bushels only. THE GAP RANGE MURDERS.—AS mii;ht have been naturally supposed, superstition has planted a ghost at the sccne of this fearful tragedy. We mentioned iu our last issue that the house in which the murders were committed had been abandoned, and that the man who had taken charge of Couroy's sheep had located himself in the detached building from which Mrs. Conroy emerged on the fatal night, only to meet the same doom as her husband and others. Since then it would appear that some persons had temporarily taken up their abode in the main building aud on the first night of their sleeping there, a hand described as heavy as that of a human creature's, passed over their bodies while they laid in bed. On the Becond night by the light of the fire which we have referred to as burning all night, in the place where the shepherd slept, a figure dressed in black was seen in the room where the murders were perpetrated. The superstitious may probably suppose that it was The figure clothed from head to foot, Which keeps the key» "f all the creeds. However, one thing is certain that BO alarmed were all those at the farm bouse, temporary sojourners, and the shepherd, that thoy have abandoned the place and have pitched their camp on the bank of the creek. We suppose that as Boon as the eldestson has administered to his father's effects, if the «ld man died intestate, he will have the good sense and discretion to pull down the whole of the buildings and consume them by fire. Such a course would probably be pandering to superstitious instincts, but as such cannot ordinarily be overcome, it would be as well to adopt the course pointed out, as to leave such a monument of the atrocities as would remind passers by of the scene «f so much barbarity. The prisoner Munday continues to exhibit no remorse and is seemingly, quite rational on the subject of hiB past atrocious career.— A SIGNIFICANT FACT.—In the course of the examination in London, in December last, of the Fenian prisoners Burke and Casey certain letters were read by the counsel for the prosecution, the contents of which, probably unnoticed ot the time, have now, we fancy, a terrible significance. One letter predicted, " a large sale of crape in German)'." And as this evidently referred to the murder of aoiae prominent Gorman or of some one connected with Germany, we may not unreasonably connect the expression with the Duke of Edinburgh, who will some day be a sovereign prince in Germany, and is much beloved by the German people.— for. E. DOUST, Iass Courier. Guardian. 