A REPENTANT SOtTPER AND HIS MASTER At the Kildare Assizes held during the last week of May, there were two cases in 'Which the Rev. S. Gr. Cotton and a Mr. John Flyhn figured, the first was brought by the last mentioned individual against the clergy man for .£1 10s. 8| balance due from the munificent salary of i-10 per annum as achoolmaster. Flynn won the case with costs. The second trial was on behalf of the Kev. IS. U-. (Jotton against the school master, and the details are contained in the following report which appeared in the Dublin ' Weekly Freeman' of 30th May. Rev. S. G. Cotton v. John Flynn, who 'Was t charged in the summons, first, for obtaining, or stealing two printed docu ments, tracts and bibles, to the value of 30s ; the second, for obtaining money under false pretences, and the third for destroying or ^Retaining tracts- and handbills. The Rev. Mr. Cotton requested he should fee sworn, and produced a Testament of his 1 OWn, *as he said he would not be sworn on the one in court, and grounded his objection in the first place on the fact (as he stated) tnat it was not complete, and m the next, 1 objected to 'kiss the Cross.' However, he| Consented to be sworn on it, and when] placing the testament to his lips opened the | pages and kissed it inside. After this ho deposed that he employed Flynn as ' colpor teur' and scripture reader ; he discharged him onthe 7th of April ; Flynn was present at the investigation, and there admitted that he did not distribute certain tracts : certain books he was to distribute were found in his room, and which he had no right to detain ; he then got a warrant to search for them. Sub-constable Fitzpatrick deposed to exe cuting the search warrant and finding the books (produced) and tracts, and which the Rev. Mr. Cotton said were his. Some of the ' documents'^ were handed to | the bench, and turned out to be a 'list of I subscribers to the Curragh Glebe House.' ! Mr. Mulhall— What duties was he to do 1 all1. Cotton says he committed several deeds | and I will ask your worships what defini- 1 tion you would give of ' making himself ge- 8 aerally useful.' j Rev Mr. Cotton — Canon Law requires! thata parish clerk should aid the minister I in discharging duties such as I have men- f turned before. | Mr. Mulhall— On ycur oath, Sir, did you| Jiot call on him to clean your boots, carry f Water, and post bills. Rev. Mr. Cotton— I asked him to post » ills, but they were not offensive. Mr. Mulhall— Were they complimentary 1 Rev. Mr. Cotton— No. Mr. Mulhall — Can you strike a medium 1 Rev. Mr. Cotton— Oh, nonsense. Mr. Mulhall— Come, Sir, explain ? ! Itev. Mr. Cotton — He was asked to post bate which contained quotations from Holy Writ, and offering £50 to the building of Caragh Chapel if any one would prove 'there was any other Mediator but the Lord Christ.' Mr. Mulhall— Were they not considered to w offensive to Catholic* with regard to the I manner in which they respect the Blessed j Virgin Mary. I Rev. Mr. Cotton — I respect the Virgin Mary, but I do not invoke her intercession. The case was dismissed on the merits, and the decision was hailed with delight by those in the body of the court. Mr. Mulhall asked for full expenses, and their worships allowed los. and Mr. Cotton withdrew the other charges. Mr. Ireland said — I beg to be permitted to mention the pain we have felt at the scenes which have occurred in this court for the last three or four sessions, and I inay tell Mr. Cotton that such cases will receive no countenance whatever here, as in their nature they are frivolous, under the. .cjjpak H and colour of religion, but not to. the. service j or furtherance of religion ; .and I trust he | will discontinue to pursue, .a course which j will bring himself and the. religion he. be longs to into contempt in a quarter where ! such things were never heai'd of. | Sir Gerald Alymer, Bart.— -I fully concur | in every word which has fallen from; my brother magistrate. j Rev. Mr. Cotton (sharply)— This man came to me. He was a Roman Catholic— a Jesuit spy in my school,, and has now thrown himself on them again. Mr. Mulhall returned thanks to the 'bench, and explained that he felt, much pain in being obliged to refer. to religious matters, and soon after the large crowds gradually left the place. A Cause Celebes. — One of those memo rable cases that sometimes will turn, up is i going on through the most vivid, stages of I the Probate Court. It is a will case,- and? turns upon that most important question of | money. The facts are few, but they have £ such a cloud of verbiage, such an array of | witnesses, and such. an. eloquent bar to puts things now one way, and now another, that! it is not easy to reach the truth of the busi-| ness. However, as briefly as possible, it] stands, divested of -the arguments pro andf con, tnat JLaciy sopnia jviaria Jismonae, once n Mrs. Grogan Morgan, married as her second \ husband, Sir Thomas Esmonde. She was| possessed of great wealth in her own right : I and one of her daughters, her favourite f daughter, married the Earl of Granard and| became a Catholic. Lady Esmonde, a| staunch Protestant, was incensed at this, ancl 1 at once declared her intention of leaving | her property, for Protestant purposes,! and, as the best purpose, for the founda-fe tion of a. college, to be called the Mor gan College, in affiliation with the University of Dublin. For that purpose' she had a draft will prepared, and marked it particularly j herself with pencil marks at such passages ; as she could not approve. The Fellows of I Trinity were quite delighted, and all went j merry as a marriage bell. Around ; the old lady there were a few choice spirits i who kept up her hostility towards Lady Granard's convictions of conscience at a point of the highest temperature. There! was no prospect of a change under the high pressure system, exercised, like that of some of the popular conventicles in prayer for ' the lost sheep,' and praise of the conduct of the elect. However, a crisis came. Lady Esmonde, who never seems to have been wanting in affection for her daughter, the Countess of Granard, was stricken down with paralysis. Lady Granard was coming to see her, but was witheld on the plea of agitation. A will was drawn up by the solicitor of Lady Esmonde differing from the draft will, which she refused iu sign upon that very ground. At length, by per suasion, she did sign it, and afterwards ex pressed her regret of the act. Evidence was produced that one Rev. Mr. Hughes slept I outside her room in an armchair, covered I like an Indian with his ' blanket,' and. that Lady Esmonde was incapable of distin guishing between her imaginations and reality. Dr. Boxwell, her medical attendant, swore he did not consider her competent to I si°;n a will. Several servants proved her de jlirious fancies after her paralytic attack. There was evidence produced, of course, on the other side ; but the weight of it seemed to go against her competency upon the occasion. Of the case, for so far, it can — as it is not concluded — be said that the lawyer will en joy a merrier vacation than if it had not j come off. [A verdict was returned that Lady 3 Esmonde was not in sound mind when sign I ing the spurious will.] ] The Irish Rebellion. — I may be excused I for feeling strongly on this subject. I was I born near one of the battle-fields of '98. I I rambled over many of them in my youth. I 1 have lately met an old book published by I the government, and containing a list of the 1 Protestant families who had obtained com gpensation for losses inflicted by the rebels I during the war. That list included ten I families of my own name in one district. 1 Amongst the earliest recollections of my I childhood are the yeomanry parading ; their I muskets piled on the road while they dined ; i their anecdotes, their toasts, their songs, and I their oaths about the scenes of slaughter in I which they had nearly twenty years before I been engaged. The convivial enj oyment was I heightened by the horrid hope that they I might soon be called out to put down I another rising of the ' Papists.' On the other hand, I often listened to the tragedies of '98. by the Roman Catholic peasantry, at their own firesides. I saw women ancl children shudder at the sight of a soldier or yeoman in uniform, with an instinctive feel ing that they were at his mercy, and that he might shoot them with impunity. My ear liest dreams were of houses on fire ; of families flying half-naked from their homes and hiding in the fields ; of innocent people pursued by the cavalry and shot clown in mere sport. The conquerers boasted of their murderous exploits, and the tortures they had inflicted, just as a Red Indian might boast of the number of his scalps ; while the vanquished felt as hares might be supposed to feel mthe presence of houndsheldin theleash. I visited ScullabogueBarn, in which, a crowd of respect able Protestants, including women and chil dren, were burned with circumstances ol horrid barbarity. I stood upon their ashes, out of which rank nettles were growing, Avhile the roofless walls were still black with the smoke of the reeking sacrifice. I shall never forget the thrill of \ horror which I felt on that occasion. I expressed my feelings to a companion, who reminded me that when the Protestants fledfrom Enniscorthy, they set fire to the hospital containing the wounded rebels. A whole 'busy lifetime spent away from those scenes has not obliterated my early impressions, which recent visits have macle almost as fresh as ever. I . have col lected much of the literature of the period ; histories, memoirs, personal naratives, &c;, ; and I have thought that a true, impartial, and graphic history of the events of '98 was still to be written. I felt the want of such a history, when, not only Orangemen and Fenians, but magistrates and. clergymen, threatened to renew, in this enlightened age, the barbarous war of races, and creeds. I therefore, determined that, if my life and health were spared, I would some day write, the history myself, in the interest of human ity and my country. I now commence the task, resolved to write the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. But the lovers of the sensational will find in the course of the narrative, that truth is stranger than fiction. — ' Godki'n's Battle Fields of '98 in the National Review.' Me. A. M. Sullivan. — At a meeting of the Dublin corporation, on Tuesday, Mr. A. M. Sullivan, of the ' Nation' and ' Weekly News,' appeared for the first time since he had been liberated from prison in Ms place in the council chamber. He received a warm ovation from both sides of the house. He claimed indulgence while he thanked the members for their kindness, and as to the proposition that he should be nominated as lnrrl mn.vrvr for fhp, p.nsninff vear. he took the first opportunity to come there, and in the strongest, but most respectful manner, to re fuse and disclaim any such compliment. He would place no limit to the kindness of the house in its desire to compliment him, but he would not allow the public to believe that he intended to ask or accept such a compliment. He would ask the Town Clerk to replace in the books a notice given by him last year, that he would nominate the Lord Mayor for the ensuing year from amongst the gentlemen comprising the minority (Conservative) of the council. Nothing that could happen to him would draw him from the direct line of principle on which he acted in giving that notice — namely, that all sides should be admitted in^their turn to sueh re presentative positions in the country as could be conferred on them — (hear, hear) — and if ever there was a time at which, more than another, he would like that wholesome prin ciple should be most strictlv asserted, it was now, when some of their fellow citizens throughout the country might be agitated by fears as to whether they might apprehend injustice from the majority of their fellow countrymen in case they were in power. It would afford him muchj gratification to move that some gentleman of the minority should be nominated for the mayoralty for the ensuing year. The Tullymoan^ Ghost.— The ' Tully moan Ghost' made his last appearance before the presentment sessions held in Strabane on Wednesday. The ordinary business of the sessions Having been disposed of, the claim of Joseph Speer, of Tullymoan, the victim of all the annoyances attributed to supernatural agencies, was heard, for .£40 for the malicious burning of his house on the night of Saturday, the 28th or the morning of Sunday, the 29th of March last. The evidence of the applicant went to show that he was for several weeks subjected to the greatest possible annoyances by stones being hurled down his chimney, his windows and furniture being broken, all of which lie attributed, not to supernatural agencies, but to James Maxwell, a neighbour, who wanted him to leave his farm, in order that he might get it for his brother. The appli cant's reason, he stated, for blaming Max well was that he came into his house about three weeks before, and told him it would be burned down ; and that he saw him on the Thursday preceding the 28th of March near his house, |when the back part of it was set on fire, and that he went away and gave no assistance to put out the fire ; that his straw stack was fired on Friday and he did not aid in extinguishing the burning ; 1 ??'? ''??? ? ? ' . ??'...,? ::';- ??'&&&:& that on Saturday night the applicant and two others sat up to watch the perpe trators of the outrage ; that on Saturday morning the shed adjoining the house was set on fire, and that the flames ignited the roof of the dwelling-house, and entirely des troyed it. Considerable merriment was caused in court by the cross-examination of Speer and his mother by Mr. Scott, but nothing of any importance was elicted be yond the fact that the Rev. Mr. M'Conaghty had recommended them to send away Wm. John Rippey, a nephew of Speer, who had been blamed with being the cause of all the mischief. Rippey was taken into custody on Wednesday morning by Constable Qleg of the Sion Mills Constabulary. Thomas, Chambers deposed to having seen Rippey. near a straw stack, and on going down to it a few minutes afterwards, found a coal in it and the stack on fire. The bench found that the burning was malicious, ancl awarded i-14 to Speer. The boy Rippey was sum moned on the spot, to appear on the next bench day, for the felonious burning of the straw-stack. ? Daily Express. A Useful Man to his Neighbours. — There is an old saying and a true one, that a ' little learning is a dangerous thing ;' but a little knowledge of the law is sometimes useful. In 1837, a patriotic Irishmam named Bryan M'Evoy, of Rassan, parish of Cros serlough — who we are happy to say is still amongst us, and may. he long live to enjoy health and happiness — held a farm of land ' on a certain estate, from year to year. Contrary to the Act of Parliament,' the unleased tenants on the estate referred to were held liable for the payment of tithe composition, and paid their share for years The Act of Parliament is clear on the point. It says .-—'Any person having an estate or interest held by deed or instrument, or any person holding for a term of years, whereof one hundred, at least, are unexpired, shall be deemed liable for the purposes of this act ;' but unleased or tenants at will were ex empt from payment, as will be seen by the following decisions of Mr. Justice Perrin, at the Cork Spring Assizes in 1836— 'A tenant holding under an equitable agreement is mere tenant from year to year, within the meaning of 2 and 3 Geo. IV., c. 119, s. 12, and9- as such, exempt from the payment of tithe composition.' Our worthy friend M'Evoy, having made himself aware of this fact, determined to try the question with the then parson of the parish. He went into court, _ and after a hard-fought battle, came out victorious, to receive the congratu lations and thanks of the people he had thus emancipated, through his pluck and energy, from an illegal and oppressive tax. At a subsequent period, and contrary to the Act 1 and 2 Victoria, entitled — ' An Act to abolish composition for tithes in -LitJicinu, ana to suosraxuxe rent-cnarges in lieu thereof,' the tenants on the same estate were held liable for the payment of the rent-charge, instead of the landlord, ,as 'having the first inheritance.' This, too, our legal friend resisted, and actually suc ceeded in getting the money refunded that had been paid for years back. Such men as Mr. M'Evoy are useful among a rural popu lation, and we consider it but common jus tice to place his services in this regard upon record.—' Anglo-Celt.' 