MBS. JOHffSOH. (FEOH THB ATLAVTIC MONTHLY.) It was on a morfting of the lovely New England May that we left thp horse-car, and, spreading our umbrellas, walked down the street to our new home in Charlasbridge, through a storm of snow and rain so fiaely Went by the influences of this fortunate climate, that no flake knew itself from it* sister drop; or could be. better identified by the people against whom they beat in unison. A Vernal gale from the' east ifanned our oheelca and pieroed our marrow and chilled our Moedt while' the raw, cold green of tbe adventurous grass on'tbe borders oY the edpjnng eidp-waBsa gave, asitpieroed through it^'teU ol wlif snow andfireerinerain,a^uli^^e^jdi?*!!* to the landscape.llereanathere lothe vacant lots abandonea bobpskirt* defied decay tand near the half-finished wooden houses, empty mortal-beds, aijdfcits; of lam.lnd eUte strewn o*er tnut^tea ^und, add^ their interest to the scene. : A shaggy drift hung upon the trees before our own house (which had ben built some years earlir while its swollen eaves swept tuepfly kni oetaantly; ju&ritbe;«mWiurient» /ufttj ba»e"iiBteral Teet^bSfe tfcb cbjomoHlleT^ . Tkls^^bljl^a^r, which Ftofcslfs/^ith tlmdeao'f turning tb ' *lfo&>Veir, donfi inW my lerHife ir^Ul^ WVOB| Dative grape vine to wander a»d wanton vrsr the southern aide of the feue*, and decked tba banka with violet«M (wSm wd «&£(«(iloafe <io but to redden and darken the daring fruits that bad attained almost their full growth 'without his countenance. Then, indeed, Charlesbridge appeared to us a kind of,Paradise. The wind blew all dsy from the south-west, and all day in the grove across the way the orioles sang to their nestlings. The butcher's waggon rattled fiierrily up to our gate every morning; and if we had kept no other reckoning, we should have known it was Thursday by the grooer. "We were living in the country with the con veniences and luxuries of the city about us. The house was almost new and in perfect repair; and, better than all, the kitohen had m yet given no signs of unrest in those volcanic agencies which are constantly at work there, and which, with sudden explosion, make Herculaneums and Pompeii^, of so many smiling households. Breakfast, dinner, and tea catne with illusive regularity, and were all the most perfect of their kind; and we laughed and feasted in our vain security. TVe had out from the city to banquet with us the friends we loved, and we were inexpressibly proud before them of . the help, who first wrought miracles of cookery in our honour, and then appeared in a clean white apron, and the Soesiest black liair, to wait upon the table. ie was young, and certainly rery pretty ; she was as gay as a lark, and was courted by a young wan whose clothes would have been a credit, if fhey had not been a reproach, to pur lowly basement. She joyfully assented to the idea of staying with us till she married. In Tact, there was much that was extremely pleasant about the little place when the warm weather came, and it was not wonderful to us that Jenny was willing to remain. It was rery quiet} we called one another to the window if a large dog went by our door; and whole days passed without the movement of any wheels but the buteller's upon our street, which flourished in ragweed and buttercups and daisies, and in the autumn burned, like the borders of nearly all the streets in Charles' bridge, with the pallid azure flame of the succory. The neighbourhood was iu all things a frontier between city and country. The horse-cars, the type of such civilisation-full of imposture, discomfort, and sublime possibility -as we jet possess, went by the head of our street, and might, perhaps, be available to one tkilled in calculating the movements of comets ; while two minutes' walk would take us into a wood so wild and thick that no roof was visible through the trees. We learned, like iunocent pastoral people of the golden age, to know the several voice* of the cows pastured in the vacant lots, and, like engine drivers of the iron age, to distinguish the different whistles of the locomotives passing on the neighbouring railroad. The trains shook the house as they thundered along, and at night were a kind of company, w tide by day we had tiie society of the innumerable birds. iS'ow and then, also, the little ragged boys in charge of the cows-which, tied by long ropes to trees, for ever wound themselves tight up against the trunks, and had to be unwound with great ado of booting and | hammering-came and peered lustfully through the gate at our ripening, pears. All round us carpenters were at work building new houses; but so far from troubling us, the strokes of their hammers fell softly upon the tente, like one's heart beats upou one's own consciousness in the lapse from all fear of p&iu; under the blessed charm of an anti thetic. We played a little at gardening, of course, tod planted tomatoes, which tiie chickens seemed to like, for they ate them up as fast as they ripened; and we watched with pride the grpath of our Lawton blackberries, which, sifter attaining the most stalworth propor tions, were still as bitter as the scrubbiest of their savage brethren, and which, when by advice left on the vines for a week after they turned black, were silently gorged by secret and gluttonous flocks of robins and orioles. As for our grapes, the frost cut them off in the hour of their triumph. So. as I have hinted, we were not surprised that Jenny should be willing to remain with us, and were as little prepaid for her deser tion as for any other change of our mortal state. But one day in. September she oame to her nominal mistress with tears in her beauti ful eyes and protestations of unexampled devo tion upon her tongue, and said that she was afraid ehe must leave us. She liked die and she never bad worked for any one *W wm more of a lady, but she had made up her mind to go into the city. All this, so far, was quite in the manner of domestics who, in ghost stories, give warning to the occupants of haunted houses; and Jenny'smistress listened in suspense for the motive of her desertion, ex pecting to hear no ISM titan that it was some thing which walked up and down the stun and dragged iron links after it, or something that came and groaned at the front door, like populace dissatisfied with a political candidate. But it was, in bet, nothing of this, kind j «mply, then were no lamps upon our street, Jenny, after spending Sunday eveniig with friends in Eut Oh&rles; bridge, was always alarmed, on her return, in waking from the bowe-car to oar door. The ease was hopeless, and Jenny and our household parted with re apteet and regret. t ^ h*4 not before this thought it a grave disadvantage that our street was unlighted, Our street was not drafced or gradedjiq anunefod cart ever oame to <*rijkm'Jm, «hmm ; there wss not a water-butt within tislf . to save us from fire, nor more tfw? (V one-thouwndth part of a poliaeuan to pratect "tojn tfceft., *et, as Ipaidahearr ts^I ~^-feltthsi we enjoyed the'Jwefits qf '--sent, and nqver lo#J^upW as in any way undesirable for I®* jfw® it t»aMne nwMfrry'to 'wSmSp^. Jnwu of to# pffipes ^ warn - the voting ,M|ie^e&^tbe. its !»? i mm* m 8%f?l rotiimk itt'ttsfcU *<!.v WnmmMIU 111 UllaiJeshndge, and to {>retend (bat she dwelt upon sopie wretched ittle street in Boston. ** You see," said the head of the office, " the girla doesn't like to lire so far a way from the City. Now if it waft on'y in the Port, , . ." Tina pen is not graphic enough to gire the remote reader bq idea of the ftffronjt offered to an inhabitant of Old Charlesbridge in these closing words. Neither am I of sufficiently tragic mood to report here all the sufferings undergone by an unhappy family ifc finding .errant*, or to tell how the winter was passed with miserable makeshifts. Alas! is it not the history of a thousand experiences P Anyone who looks upon this page could match it with a tale as full of heartbreak and disaster, while I conceive that, in hastening to speak of Mra. Johnson, I approach a subject of unique in terest. The winter that ensued after Jenny's depar ture was the true sister of the bitter and Bhrewish spring of the same year. But. indcred it is always with a secret shiver that one must think of winter in our regrettable tlimate. It is a terrible potency, robbiug us Of bslf our lives, and threatening or desolating the moiety left us with rheumatisms and catarrhs. There is a much vaster sum of enjoyment possible to man iu the more generous latitudes; and I have sometimes doubted whether even the energy characteristic of ours is altogether to be praised,, seeing that it has its spring not so much in .pure aspiration as iu the instiuctof self-preservation. Egyptian, Greek, fioman energy was an inner impulse; but ours is too often the sting of cold, the spur of famine. We must endure our winter, but let tn not be guilty of the hypocrisy of pretending that we Uke it. Let UB caress it with no more vain compliments, but use it with something of its own rude and savage sincerity. I say, our last Irish girl went with the last snow, and on one of those midsummer days that sometimes fall in early April to our yet bleak and desolate zone, our hearts sang of Africa and golden joys. A Lybian longiug took us, and we would have chosen, if we could, to bear a strand of grotesque beads, or a handful of brazen gaads, and traffic them for some »ble maid with crisped lock*, whom, un co fEing from the captive train beside the desert, we should make to do our general housework forever, through the right of lawful purchase. But we knew that this was impos sible, and that, if we desired coloured help, we must seek it at the intelligence office, which is in one of those streets chiefly inhabited by the orphaned - children and grandchildren of slavery. To tell the truth these orphans do not seem to grieve much for their bereavement, but lead a life of joyous and rather indolent oblivion in their quarter of the city. They are often to be seen sauntering up and down the street by which the Charleehridge cars arrive the young with a harmless swagger, and the old with the generic limp which our autocrat has already noted as attending advanced years in their race. They seem the natural human interest of a street so largely devoted to old clothes; and the thoughtful may see a felicity in their presence where the pawnbrokers' win dows display the forfeited pledges of improvi dence, and subtly remind us that we have yet to redeem a whole race, pawned hi our needy and reckless national youth, and still held against as by the Uncle Of Injustice, who is also the Father of Lies. How gaily are the young ladies of this race attired, as they trip up and down the sidewalks, and in and out through the pendent garments at the shop doors! They are the black p&nsiesand; marigolds and dark-blooded dahlias among womankind. They try to assume something of our colder race's demeanour, but even the passer on the hone-car can see that it is not native with them, and is better pleased when they forget us, and ungenteelly laugh in en countering friends, letting their white teeth glitter through the generous lips that open to their ears. In the streets brandling upwards from this avenue, very little coloured men and maids play with broken or enfeebled toys, or sport on tbe wooden pavements of the entrances to the inner courts. Now and then a coloured soldier or sailor-looking strange in his uni form, even after the custom of several years emerges from those passages; or, more rarely, a black gentleman, stricken in years, and cased in shining broadcloth, walks solidly down the brick sidewalk, cue in hand,-a vision of serene self-eompUoency, and so plainly the ex pression of rirtuous public sentiment the great coloured louts, innocent enough till then in their idleness, are taken with a sudden sense of depravity, and loaf guiltily np the boose-walls. At the same moment, per haps, a young damsel, amorously muffling with an admirer through one of the low open windows, suspends the strife, and bids him " Go along now, do!" More rarely yet thaa the gentleman described, one may see s white girl among -the dark neighbours, whose frowzy head is unoovered, and whose sleeves are rolled up to her elbows, and who, thoygh no doubt quite at home, looks as strange there as that pale aBomaly which may sometimes' 1be seen among B crew of blackbird®. An air not bo much of decay as of unthrift, and yet hardly of unthrift/seems to prevail in the neighbourhood, which has nose of the aggressive and impudent squabr iof an Irish quarter, and none of the surly wickedne^of a I®* American street. A gaiety not born of the things that bring' its serious' joy lto the; true New Efaglahd heart-* ragged gaiety, whftsh comes of summer in thrUood, add feot in the poekefc, or the eofl»«eno», and which afieots the opuntepance andthe phpU jdjpffwur,! .fitting the feet to someinward music, And at time! ountfijg Into a Jineof «ong or a ctuld like sndlrresponiible laugh--gives tone tot&T; visible life, wad1 wakens a veryfrisodly Spirit ip ih^pumtr, whosoroehow thinks Hht of a milder climate, and ishalf persuaded that ths orange-Meiicm the side walks pamefrwn fruit grpwn & tj* soft atao^ereort^ . It was in this qaarteiv then, thfct af Mn. JohMa(vand>it has from . ooloond hoaJrdiqg-hjtaae Www*|p«e to.look frtjngjhy[ Wmpfeltjon lilk idb'Qwr riehait tnm t ^ tenaMinrwtt* io'ftir of a »rt#ktranquillitfr »qd fraoe, *hafc »he ) bio I ? her raoe and ours. In fact, ahe was douwy ' estranged by descent; for, as we learned later, a sylvan wildness mixed with that' of the dtoertin her veins 5 her grandfather*^ an Indian,'aftd her ancestors on this sida had probably sold their ltad« (or (be same value u trinketsthfit bought the original African pair on the other side. , , The first day that lira, Johnson descended into our' kitchen, Bhe oonjured froth the malicious disorder ia which it had been left by the flitting Irish kobold a dinner that revealed the inspirations of genius, and was quite different from a dinner, of mere routine and laborious talent.. Something original and authentic mingled with the accustomed flavours, and though vague retatriiseencei of canal-boat tr&rel; and woodland camps arose from the relish of tertaip of the dishes, there was jet the assurance of such > power in the preparation of the whple^ that we knew her'to he merely running over the chords of our appetite with preliminary savors, a» » musician acquaints his touch with the key of an unfamiliar piano before breaking into bril liant and triumphant execution. Within a week she had, mastered her instrument, and thereafter there was no faltering in her per formances, which she varied constantly, through inspiration or from suggestion. She was so quick to receive new ideas in her art, that when the Roman statuary who stayed a few weeks with us explained the mystery of various purely Latin dishes, she caught their principal at once; and visions of the great white cathedral, the Coliseum, and the "dome of Brunelleschi" floated before us in the exhalation of the Milanese risotto, Roman stafadino, and Florentine stracotto that smoked upon our board. But, after all, it was in puddings that Mrs. Johnson chiefly excelled. She was one of those cooks-rare as men of 'genius in literature-who love their own dishes; and she had, in her personally childlike simplicity of taste, and the inherited appetites of her savage forefathers, a dominant passion for streets. So far as we could learn, she subsisted principally upon puddings and tea. Through the same primitive instincts, no doubt, she loved praise. < She openly exulted in our artless flatteries of her skill; she waited jealously at the head of the kitchen stairs to hear what was said of her work, especially if there were guests, and she was never too weary to attempt emprises of cookery. While engaged in these, she wore a species of sightly handkerchief like a turban upou her head, uud about her pen-on those mystical ewuthjngs in which old ladies of the African race delight. But she most pleasured our sense of beauty and moral fitness when, after the last pan was washed and the last pot was scraped, she lighted a pbtentpipe, and, taking her stand at tlie kitchen door, laded the soft even ing air with its puxgent odours. If we sur prised her at these supreme moments, she took the pipe from her lips, and put it behind her, with a low, mellow chuckle, and a look of half defiant ' consciousness, never guessing that none of her merits took as half so much as the cheerful vice whioh she only feigned to conceal. . Some things she could not do so perfectly as cooking, because of ber failing eyesight; and we persuaded her that spectacles would both become and befriend a lady of her yean, and so bought her a pair of steel-bowed glasses. She wore them in some great emergencies at first, but had clearly no pride in them. Before long she laid them aside altogether, and they had passed from our thoughts, when one day we heard her mellow note of laughter and h*sr daughter's harsher cackle outside' our door, and opening it* beheld lira. Johnson in gold* bowed spectacles of massive frame. We then learned that their purchase was in fulfilment of a vow made long ago, in the lifetime of Afr. Johnson, that, if ever she wore glasses, they should he gold-bowed j and I hope the manes of the dead were half as happy in these votive spectacles as the simple soul that offered them. She and ber late partner were the parents of eleven children, some of whom were dead, and some of whom were wanderers in unknown parts. During his lifetime she had kept a little shop in her native town; and it was only within a few years that she had gone into service. She cherished a natural haughtiness of spirit, and resented control, although disposed to do all she could of her own notion. Being told to say when die wanted an afternoon, she explained that when she wanted an afternoon she always took it without asking, but always planned so as not to discommode the ladies with whom she . lived. These, she said, had numbered twenty-seven within three years, which made as donbt the suooess of her sys tem in all cases, though the merely held out the fact as an assurance of her faith in the future, and m proof of ,tbe. ease with which plaoes were to be found. She contended, moreover, that a lady who had for thirty years had a house of her own, was in no wise bound ' to ask permission to receive visits from friends where she might be living, batthat they ought freely to eomt and go like -other guests. In this spirit she once invited her son-in-law, Pro fessor Jones of Providenoe,to dine with her; and her defied mistress, on enterlng this dining ' room, found the-professor at phdding and "tea there,^-an; impressively retpetfable figure in black clothes, with a btack face rendered yet : more effective bva pfir of green goggles. It appeared that this dark professor was a light 1 of phrenology in Rhode Island, and that be ; was beUevedto hare nneomnoh virtue 'in his scienoe tyyason of being-blind aavnll^u l Mack*, t-, c ; . I am loatji to oonfess tbat M^Jghnson i pot a flattering opinion of the. Caucasia# race in' aUmpecti. she fa*Fv5 ! good phifcsopbkal and Sdiptuialwasbitt for J lt>OHBjg*'UpOfl arts'aa blood, toho had-some intbthaii whiterMss by no or nlwnl. MOMS* Xbe.iate Wfc Johnson, who ,ha^ ,4ied in. the . .West Indies, whither .he voyaged for his Mfli to qusiity lf'book upon a^DMm-Es^ SSlfoffnM wtba'tturi of letten,iuid fold - writtenV &>bk to thotf the superiority of thff t&ftk; ovgfr'lfc# wliiteferfciobsa «fibejuanaft<aaiif.'^lli$«UC j?lurrl*## *t; their oftiktit«olo<& Mfc JttHmoa* i^ te* husbaadfii Uta*j«f'.in f en tsmaa M IWt aa j .fit-, 'liifs £ ,bl'/t t,r'if fan'to '".C'j-v from Gehaci the leper, ttpon whom theleprosy of Nnaman fell when the latter returned by Divine favour to his original blaokne#B. " And he went oat ft-om hiq ^re^jnu^Vleperas whites assnow,"said Mrs. Johnsta,qu6t1rigirr6ftltable Scripture. V Leprosy, leprosy,*' she fcdded thoughtfully, *' nothing but leprosy Meaohed you out."- ;; .1 J. . / .« It seems to me tnucUin her praise that ahe did not exalt .Ut our tupV and degradation! a; sowte vrtiitc philosophers have1 done in' the opposite idea that ti partbf the tinman family were cursed to lasting, blackness andslavery in JSam and bis children, buteven toldus of a remarkable approach to whiteness in many of her own,offspring. In a kindred spirit,of charity, no doubt, she tefosed evir t6 attend church with people 'ofhfcr elder anil wholesomer blood. When she wentto church, she said, she, always went; tof a white ohurch, though while with us I am bound to say slienever went to any. She.professed. to read her Bible in her bedroom on Sundays; but we suspected, froii certain sounds and 6doUrs whioh used'to steal out. of this Minctuary, tlifct her piety more commonly found. expression . in . dozing ^nd [ would not make a wanton jest here of Mra. Johtason's anxiety to' claim bonottr for the African colour, -While denying the cdlouriri many of her own family. It afforded'a glimpse of the pain whioh all her people mustendUre, however, proudly they hide it or Jightheartedly forget it, from the despite and opntumely to which they are guiltlessly born; and when I thought how irreparable'wah this disgrace arid calamity of a black Akin,' and howirrep&i;'atHe it must be for ages-yet, in this world where every other shame and all manner of wilful guilt and wtckednessmsy hope for covert and pardon, I had little heart to laugh. Indeed, it was so pathetic to hear this poor old soul talk of her dead and lost ottes, and try, in spile of all Mr. Johnson1* theories and hir own arrogant generalisations, to establish' their whiteness, that we muBt have been very cruel and silly people to turn her sacred fable* even into matter of question. I hare no doubt that her Antoinette Anastasia and her Thomas Jefferson Wilberforce-it is impossible to give a full idea of the splendour and scope of the baptismal names in Mrs. Johnson's family have as light skins and as golden hair in heaven as her reverend maternal fancy painted for them in our world. There, certainly, they would not b44%ubject to tanning,-which had ruined the delicate complexion, utd knotted into blsck woolly tangles the once wavy blond locks of our little maid-servant Naomi; and I would fain believe that Toussaint Washington Johnson, who ran away to sea Bo many years ago, has found BOme fortunate zone where his hair and skin keep the Same sunny and rosy tints tliey wore to his mother's eyes in infancy. But I have no means of knowing tikis, or of telling whether he was the prodigy pf intellect that he was declared to be. Naomi could no more be taken in proof of the one assertion tban of the other. When she came to us, it was agreed that she should go to school | bat she overruled her mother in this as in every thing else, and never went. Except Sunday school lessons she had no other instruction than that her mistress gave her in the Evenings, when a heavy day's play and the natural in fluences of the hoar conspired with original causes to render her powerless before words of one syllable. > 1 . The 'first week of her service she was obedient and faithful toiler duties, but relax ing in the atmosphere of'a house which seemB to demoralise all menials,'ahe shortly fell into disorderly ways of lying in wait for callers out of doors, and, when people rang, of running up the front stops, ana letting them in from the ontnde. As the season expanded, and the fine weather became cotillnned, she modified even this form of service, and spent her time in tfcefieMs, appearing at the house only when nature importunately craved molasses. She had a parrot-like quickness, so fer as music was concerned, and learned from the Soman statuary to make the groves and half-finished houses resound, 1 Camicaa ittea, Ove f MtXHnti t T ipell* Italia, Tu noil respond!!" She taught the Garibaldi song, moreover, to all the neighbouring children, so that I sometimes wondered if our street were not about to march upon Bome in a body. In her untamable disobedience, Naomi alone betrayed her sylvan blood, for she was in all other respects negro and not Indian. But it was pf her aboriginal ancestry that Mra* John son, chiefly boasted-when not/engaged in argument to maintain the superiority of the African race. She loved to deecant hpon it as the cause and explanation of her own arro gant habit of feeling; and ahe seemed: indeed to bare inherited something of the Indian's hauteur along with the Sthiop's supple cun ning and abundant amiability. 8he gaveinany instances in which her pride had "met and overcome the insolence of employers,^and 'the kiadlyald creators was % no raMto-aingtriar in her,pride of being vepqted proud. .>. epuld nerer have been » woman of lties, but die had in some irisin'g and awfal astuteness. She -eeldonf introduced any purpose d&Xtly;, but' bora all about it, and then -suddenly jprong It upon her unprepared antagonist. Lt_fther times she obscgroly hinted s tpa^on, vrM,i^^lo>k>ot? mfee® ahe warded off reproach for aome. delinquency by asyingiri a generiil w&" that titii'Md-WeE Whh'kdws Who uMd-fco &i;*M0ldintf1afe> tfe» kitcbefa after-tbey had^takwn tfaeirbittecs. Wiesjtook their bitten *egtUa?," ahe added, to remove any sting of from her remark t for. Cram many ^Wan, we Kow Sfirt ibe Utd , M as quality; Oil triad to overbear *» with ^te'fsatilttydf'hBr foviaettBaawaj^ndwooUltrtlih* " i "***"** «*a#Pd«a<i%fasUie»allM. itdrngfyh Wm Ion* to i »».W Sfl .>!{ rfti r ? cr<& th it'.-, a sry *.. * kffwtSoo r ' ' more easily ?inuotu Jet of malleable tiaturo .Vfjtt iM?' ""noiu , goodneae, «,.tT'"MM tiT* ""' » &lJ.; folk i" elder hJFt&glgm;** of l,»h h." lifted it, SSS^®'.^55 toot ft motherly intewit tnida.ii«w-^natt<!r'> toi al®°Bfc ^""icfl, frttn thttJTy lato couid mow her, Xfaw jL, £*°r acknowledged het £ny W «h« never handsomely eipi&fctfmSLJS; ,w°wl», tat <»r *ent up rln aP?Wingfc secretly prepared, "We <re»e .n 0 nnte ®»h> M)» fprm of. «xe«]pation "l u<ed to. ftUnon took aulK^uTan t6""6'^ .eason, we be* thaTfor a Weelt Jf ®^04 Ihould; bie>; feasted SUSS appeared in the basement, arid wu n ^ to us M Hippolyto Thti^ididm t\\!? Pre®fntecJ* mother from the stateofNew f40 h,»' was a heavy and Iputisli'SSbSS^ ^ the borders of bo"''ood,ind looS rgapon> to the future with a meant and lutl<f. 1°'*"^ mean thab this was Ws figumtive attTt JP®' , E actual manner, as ha fcl2&Upoaa; cHL^ the kitchen wmd6w; was so ecoentr^fi^. felt a little uncertain how to retr&rH; / ? We* Mrs. Johnson openly describe. J!®4 ®nd He was so deeply tanricS br tVin f ?.,^cu^'ar> tb. Ke. °af .o far suffered from the eiamnle of h^ .v, lately under hie charge, that he blond and straight-haired memtm rf M Johnson n family. '??'.-? Mrs.. He remained with us all the a." ... late in the afternoon, when big mo<lier to!l! him out to get him a hoarding-h^e he departed in the van of her and^m?" pausing at the gate, to collect his spirit after he had sufficiently animated himself bv jtPP^£^18 Pftlm* teener, starting off dovn, toittr^rf th * Dd*g?'l0P' to the manifest terror of tbc cows m the pastures, and SI confusion of the less demonstrative neonh nfr our Whold. OihercharaSlcSSe? peared in Hippolyto Thucydides «h.hin £. very long period of time, a£d he- rai> aw^ from his lodgings so often during the summer Aat he m'ghthe *.d to board »uod among S outlying corn-fields aid tumip-^tchss oi Charlesbridge. As a check, npon this habit, ?t«. Johnson seemed to haw iariu-d Iiim to." spend his whole time in our basement . for jrliefaerer we went WloW we fourkt hi.n there, balanced perhaps in homage tons, and per haps as »token of extreme sensibility ia &. self-rupon the lor window-sill, the bottoms of his hoots touching the .floor inside, and his. fiace buried in the grass without. Wecou^prmi^tonoveiy tenable otieo tion to all thu, and yet the presence oFThucy dtdes in our kitchen unaccountably oppressed onr imaginations. We;bebeldliim all orerthe house, a monstrous eidolon, balanced upon every window-sill; and he certainly attracted'1 unpleasant notice to our place, no- Jess by bis furtive and hang-dog manner of arrival than, by the bold displays with which he celebrated' his departures. We hinted this to Sfrs. John son, but she could not enter into car feeling. Indeed, all the wild poetry of her maternal' and primitive nature seamed to cast itself about this hapless boy ; and if we bad listened* to ner we should have believed there wu no one so agreeable in society, or so quick-witted in affairs, as Hippolyto, when lie chose. Sbe l jwed to rehearse us long epios concerning his mdusfcy, his courage, and his talent* and she put fine apeeohee io hi* mouth with no more regarf to the truth tiiin ft she had- been an. hutdnan, and not a poet. Perhaps she be j lieved that he really said and did the things* she attributed to him: it is.the destiny of those who pepe&tedly; tell great things either of themselves or others; and I.think we may readily forgive the illusioa to her zeal and; fondness. In fact, she was iu>t a trier woman,, and 'ahe spoiled her children aa if shs had been, j a rich one. I At last, when we said podtirely that ®huey ( dides should come to us oo more, and then> I qualified the prohibition hjr alh>wieg hinv to* come every Sunday, she anisirered that she > j icver would hart thb child'^ feelings by teliing. t him not to come' *here h» mother was y thak i people who did not love bet children did- notr lo*e bept and gutfe if flippy,went, abe maA i We tboMht it a maftep?troke oF finauete to* | rejoin that Hippojytt> muafc go |n aej event ^ but I am bound to o^b that 'he d*i not! go,, j andtfca^Htf mother ^tay»9,l(ad kofcdtis with< ! eveiy conning; propitSatoiy'' i^slnt/,' thBt/iw must hav£ he«i ragabs to .xtnew etur thtHt Ia fiM5t, we hegge^ JhjCrs. JoJ^uon sto go iato' 1 * A long rdac l/agreeipg: __ ng ner ab Jll .5»-u,.. ? ^ and on tbeevfr Jotoaoo wantiito the ci^to engage iff fiatahe did sot-s^jpiear ^Eft ind tibm renoiided! widi W^, mh V to the idieerful M WeO,vJMI^i^Mmi^ ^ rc *. '? 'i 'drnftrnki# ^>u.Wf T»iirifi3P-iLL-isi»icja*naiitl JWi*'?«.' Tbii ^TnM^i>ao|; to < Aer dflor vjpfam&t; "»p.i 