OUR ROMA CORRESPONDENT ON HIS . TRAVELS. Somewhori wltbln tho sound of the Pioiflo tvavo which dashes sgslsst tho western coast of Australia, thora lurketh a placo called " Cooper Crook " - Who " Cooper" was, I don't know, ono' I don't care. But this frantio hoading la merely adopted to convoy a mild idea to my Roma 'frlonds that I have Boon ninog i, """, uutil at last I oxpootod to pull up atmorica.. Thoro is an old asying about beginning atthqr tall of a cow, and"ram cortomly dolDg-Bomothmg- in that line, for I ought to go baok to Char oyillo, and traoo my oouroo from that delightful littlo hag of humpies. ' Allow mo pass ovor, with a ahuddor, tlio country # ... 1111- a. fPlin lflBB Rnifl flflOUt irom uusrieviuu w «hu»i . — it tho bottor. Hugo saodndgos hoavod up by aomo convulsion of nature (wlnoh I am dollRlitoit to- have boon oloar of,Looarso graaa, ovory blaua of which would makojto ,nati?o spoar, and you ''Tbout DUalS', tho -V diin&'d country, " no Mr. Mantnllni.would.aoy, joginqjooxpand and bUow itsolf; and, after that,— lot mo draw . a veil ovor tho aoono. No oasla In tho desert was over more wolcomo than Mr. Broolio b, upon whlnl' P1"" may a blosBlng reat, for a moro hospitable rofugo could not possibly oxiat. And it la p ona riB O aoo that tbo old ouatoma of Australian hospitality aro still carried out. , Tilbooroo la bottor paaaod over. Aa no man in hla common wnaes could Bay anything in p of tho managoniont'or run, tho boat plan la to say From that dollolous humpy -D?1,,lo„E's'(1' Choahunt, to Sulllvim'a on tlio Bnllop, , Iho hungriest hoavon-foreakon, do-wilboutfomi, your-own-Bhirl, fotoh-your-own-water Pteoo tlmt ovor an unfortunate traveller came to, o , plaoo whoro he is ohorgod for hlo own aoap. Ob, BOlBBors, my mind collapses nt tho Idea. . ,. \- - What can I say, In tho way of tlinnka. to propriotora or owners (what dooBit mattortono of blavorton, Ooongoola, Dowllng'a, Ohoahunt, hut that ov.arything In tlio eliape of hospita ity and klndneaa waa oxtondod to ma, and I ahull novor forgot It. A hourly weloomo; that put mo in mind of tlio good old llmo 1 anil .still nllowod you to dwoll upon the prosont nnd mom modorn- " As "for hot springs, I was only .twloo bollod. It makoa myhairourltothipkofit.IwaBflret wsshod out liko a twoponny collar, and Ihon I spread myaolf out In tho aun, and waa Imme. diatoly stiffened. Qudor watar that I How- tho dlokona does tlio Inspector of l'olico lire at tho Yowaf , Is lio clialaaha proof? Good old coon, you liavt, tlio honrty good wiahoa of tho com munity, pa you'havo'always had, and always will lmvo ; only 'don't t fs tier,' or you'll burst, ' Aa for my trnvols to Coopor'a Orook, I can only aay that I travelled through' a country so devoid of food that Captain Sadloir'a oolobrutod gross-' lioppor would hnvo died on It. Not a. blndo of grass 1 not a tuft of wcqdBl Almighty paints- lot mo try and forget It. . I really and truly got to Cooper's Creek. I there found- small boys (native), trying to -got their wages by bolting with cattloj tiny nativo .princosB08.1iolpiDg.(honisolvoB._nnd_ovory tiling. in. a general moss. Oh, Narrsn Jem 1 1 you ought to havo boon thoro. But I am quits certain that I bod better loavo Cooper's Creek alone until noxt mall, and tncklo a much ploasantor theme, and that iB my relour. (Twig mo coming out in French.) On my backwards and "most agreeable travelB, I stumblod aorosB a bush public, called tho " I'aroo Pumpkin," a neat littlo placo, with a curly-hoadcd Boniface, At this neat littlo placo yon can seo fights at any hour of tho day. It is perpetually " roll up your bIoovos, boys," and " go in and win.- — rorspirotion - aua-puglliam— reign-pnra- mount at tho Paroo Pumpkin. But tho worst of all this is that thoy can't hit down there. If falling in tho mud, and indulging onea-solf with a dose of cow manure is fighting, the man from Roma shuts -up. — May I bo alio wcd,-p arc nth oti- caliy, to remark that our Paroo Pumpkin friends havo nq> tho ghost of, an idea of a stable. Fsncy- trytng to feed a horse opoif preserved peaB 1 1 A throe stall stabio with ten horsos for its inmateB, is raytbor rielp and the hay kept carefully apart. The screochiog of them horses was anfal.' How many havo dlod since, I don't know,- and, in the language of tho native princesses, >1 don't oars. Poor dovilB t I shall novor forgot tholr howls. (I must bo thinking of dingoes, for horses don t howl, do they?) Good bye, old Fsroo Pumpkin, and please don t let your customers walk up and down all night leading their old soreffs for want accommodation. KIf tboso who placo any reliance on my vordict tori )od or bad country will .ft short sketch ofwhat I saw, thoy will savijwhnd tho printer or very great deal of troubtoVU At Clnvertoo, the amsnloit lioninu Vina Tllflinfl. Wll.1l A filifl frootago, but back water — nono. If possible, still better country at Mr. Williams', Coongoola, and Tickelmon, ond, liko Claverton, hospitality to tho TOQBt . head..,. Andafter that. u_ couutry that Heaven" (willilrevefehce) "Bc'ecbs "entirely to havo forgotten-— I mean Gannamulld. Dear delightful place I Ono might askAite donizens, dp: tlio endearing language of the .early poetar "Diddurn8 ever see a blade of grassume gro wntns ?" Oh, Walshums liWhat the beans made you settle there? '» r It is not cosy for A wild coon liko naysolf to rido 7C0 miles, and theu write anything like a decent report for the DaJ&jfliferaW;, or anything fttao that is edited. No man is very freehand sprightly after auch a rido. But any maoWwith common oourtosy, can acknowledge the kindness and hospitality received at Olavorton, Chesliuht, Ooongoola, Dowlings', Keelo's, and if as a Btrangor, ratbor puzzled at the country, liaye omitted any homestead at which I was hW welcomei I can only cry— pardon. .-7 > dnflTjevillo, Sept. 30, 18G8. 