MR. DICKENS'S KEW STORY. '?? The Atlantic Monthly, for January, contains the fiWt chajitere of a story by Charles Dickens (' George Siiveriinn's Exp!an;.tiou''). Tiie hero who is a mii-era'-li pauper child, born in Preston, tells his .swn; story. He was subjected to the grossest nwglect ?jtntl* cruelty in liis chibihood, hut both hia parents ?Ijirrji'; he is taken charge cf by the parochial atftii'oiities,- and ultimately iletnoveil to a farm,, wiifii*. owing to the gloom which has nettled oh his child ?'life, he acquires the reputation of being miuose. His lite upon the farm is thus deliuea tolY— ? *?? When I lust peeped in at the gate of the life less quadrangle, ' aini started from the mouldering statue becoming visible tt. me like its guardian ghost ; wheu I stole round by the back of the farm house and goi in among -the ancieut rooitin, many of them with their floors and ceilings falling, the. beams and rafters hanging dangerously down, the plaster dropping as I trod, the oaken panels stripped away, the windows half walled lip, half broken ; when I discovered a gallery commanding' the old kitchen, and looked down between balustrades upon n massive' old table and benches fearing to see I know not what dead-alive creatures come in and seat themselves, and look np with I know not what dreadful eyes, or kok of eyes, at me ; when all over the house I was awed by gaps aud chinks where the 'iky stared sorrowfully at rue, where the birds passed, and the ivy rusUe-i, and the stains of wivter weather hlorcl'ied' the rotten floors; v. hen down at the bottom of dark pits of staircase, inUi which the stairs had sunii, green leave* trembled, buttfi flies fluttered, an i bees hummed iu and one ttir&ugh; the broken doorways; when enuirliug the whole min were sweet scents 'ateit' sights of fresh green growth and ever renewing'- life .thai [ h-td never dreamt of -I say when I passed into such clouded precep'.iou of these tbingis as my rlark soul could coin pass, what ?did1 I know then of rloghtOn Towers? I have written that the sky stated sorrowfully at me. Therein have I anticipated the answer. 1 know that ail the.-e- things looked sorrowfully -tt me; that they seemed to sigh or whisper, not whhout pity lor itie : — '^la-! poor worldly little uevil!' Th--re were two or three rats at the bottom of one ot the smaller pits ot tw-keu suiic-i-e wben I craned over and looked in. Tiiey 'wore schilling for some prey that was there; and when they staitel and hid themselves, close together in the dark, 1 thought of the old life (it had grown old already) in ihe eell-ir How not to hate this worldly little devil I How not to havs a repugnance towards my.self as I ha..l towards the rata? 1 hid iu a corner of one of the smaller chambers, frightened at myself, and cr- ing (it was the flrst time I had ever cried for any cause not purely physical), _ and I tried to think about iv One of the farm plough.* came into my range ot view just thin, and it seemed to help me a* ir, went on with its two horses so peacefully and q.uetiy. Tiisi'e was a girl of about my own age ii» the fanuhiiu-ie ~f tuiily, and c:he »n\\. opposite to me, at '-'the narrow taWe at ? iheal times II ha i C.ii(i-e- into my mind at our fl'.xt dinner ihit st»e aiiijiit take the fever from me. Tiie thought, rni not di-quu'teJ me i.heu.'- I h-id only specu 'ateil how a! e would lo-)k under the altered cir c-.iiustii'ii'.t«, and whether sh? would die. Bat it :ame its te ray mind now tiia^ I nn^ii--- try to prevent her taking the iever by keeping aw.iy i'ro-ii bar. I k;iu '---I should have but scrcunlthn^ bo.ird if I did ; so much the le-.i wordly an I less devilish the i«ee I wouiil be, I thought. From th d. hour 1 witiidrt-x iu.v*i;it at e-irly uinriiin^ into secret corners of the rinuml house, and remam.-i diJueu thure until she *enfc to bed. At Una, wiieu meals were ready, I u-ed io hear them calling me ; an; I then my resolu tion weukeue I. 13m I at rengtkeued it a^.vin by gAng further off iuto the rum, an.J getting out oi hearing. 1 ofren wa'-.clicd for tier at the iiim «indo-v«; ami, when I »a-v that -she wai fresli aul rosy, felt mudii happier. Out of tnis iioiiin^ her in my thoughts, to the humnuaiug of uuself, I suppose -o;ue childish love at oat within tne 1 tele in so (tie sort digN'fic.i v.i the pa Ie of protecting her, by the j ri Je of making the sacridce for liei. As my heart swelled with that new feeling, it insen sibly softened tuwarta mother and father. It .-tceiued to'titve beea fn-zen before, and no^v to bo uiawed. Tiie old ruin and ill the lovely thi-tgs that, iuviiite*' ic were not sorrowful for rue only, bub .sorrowful lor mother and father a.s well. TuerelWe ili.i I cry agiiin, and often tm. 