OAMSBIWARRIA. PI:orlt' here are, in general, congratulating tllemselvs oi tlhe very mlild winter now nigit past. Feed is nolther so bare, nor are the cattle reduced to so low a condition as they generally ar at tills season. The dry weathear is very favonrablo for burning off, a good deal of which hasn boon done Iher during the last thlroo monthsl, The wheat patahes look groan and otherwise healthy, and at preosoent give promiso of a good crop, Our lltunl improvlemelnt Society's usual mooting was hold on Thutrsdt y nigllt. Ti'e attendance was good, No subject had bean fixed for debate, but a very good one was ex tolaporisod, Mr. Frazer introduoing and spunk. lng for some time on tile question of " Whether thore is ally truth in dreams?" His vieos wore ufnavorable to tihe supposition.that or. dinary dreams are verified by some ullbsequent event, and maintained that beliovers in dreanes are generally not indisposed to admnit into thelir oreed ghosts and witches. as well. This brought up Mh'. Gibsonl, who thought theor was som0e truth inl dreams, tlot gave some of his own experience in toatllnony. Mr, W. Moatllws followed, disbelieving in themo as a general ralo, giving, however, some rathor remarkablel instances of dreams btelnt verified, and whlcll, if trne, could not wel support tile conllalsilon at which he had ar rived, 'T'he ipresident could any absolutely noither yean nor my. H]o could seo no object served inll dreams hlaving their.futlltnolnt aos many supposed, but at the sannl tino tlloughta from oases that hle had known and road of, that it was quite possible that, as in te aonse of eleatro-bloltgy, on hinfluence might be ex erted by one tmind over another, although at a great distance apart;, and In tills way somen of tihe phonolnela of dreams tnighllt e xplained. Thea result of the debate was ll favoul of thirt Is truth in dreams. A reoltatlOil, :"What is 'ihne," was very well given by Mr. J. Olay, as wal as at reading late Ill tile evaolng. Dllr. T, teadmn also vo gave a rectlltatin very of featlvely from "'?tilton's Paradise Lust," After some singing by Ir, VV,At Abernethy and otllles, the meeting, whoih was, on tile whole, a pleasant one, broke ttp about halftpnst nine, 