CASTING BELLS AT BALLARAT. At Ballarat on Monday the casting of a large bell for the Free Church of England attracted to Mr Higgins's foundry a large num- ber of ladies and gentlemen to witness the process. The Ballarat Star gives the follow- ing sketch 'of. the scene :—?' When the.Prdpe|r ' tiind 'oam'e.'^tho bperators tlirew into ther f urnaoo eoaieS cwt'or so of metal, cdnBisting of 'bid' brass ^eiigine-nttingg a,bd blpoks' pf cppper: and tin. mbra fael was bearied an. the1 air-drum' hiurinied apd 'buzzed tnbrp vigpr!pusly,'and as' the sulphurous ; flames 'emitted mbre 'and more ; brilliance the faces 'of the ^^ spedtatdrs were' lit up'' wiUi'a ghaa'tlxhvie, dtfif they b' elpng'od tb a'crd^d' pf 'gbldstB!liuddlirig' tdgether'to Beea weird scene dn the verge dfPandeniqniftny. ' Presently, aft^r the chief ^ministers' in 'the;r'ite' had poked and probed' .vertically and ' horiz'oritally into the - hissing f nrn'aqe; the metal was prori6tmced to be ready for the flow. :''Tlien the; iron ladle waBB^t bbfae,ath thelbdtt6m df J the furnace,. iiri'd the Molten1' ttiiid ' r uBhed : ! cut,' hissing, sputtering, ' glowing,' ' bright;' llwith'leapii^.'flariieflipf blue that B'ee'med t'p' ;bife ' :spitef tflly J'ai ;J the ' iron rod' witli wh'ioh' drie ,df '? yuloari's meW skiriimfed off ^he 'drpsa1 whioh ^fldated on thy surface. At tbia mement Mrs*1 Wilson, :whpL hnd collootod a lot of silver coino from tho company, threw xliam intc the h^ayirig inetail, and thris ? contributed, let' n^ hope, a silvery , sweetness to the bell which is by-and-b'y to cap iwershippers to the churchy The metal was jthenpeured into, the mould, and the whole' process declared to be safely donipleted.1 : Sub sequently a smaller bell was oaBt, the pro . cess being: in. all respects similar to the larger affair. When the casting of the church bell was done, the Rev. Mr Trevor, surrounded bj the' spectators, approached ? the mould ? and said, — *I pronounce this bell dedicated to ; the worship of God* by' the name of St. David, in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy. Ghost; Amen;' Cheers, hearty and re peated, were then given for the founder, and the ceremony was over, save that there was an adjournment toMr Higgina's private house hard by, where temperate libations were pdured in further honor of the event of the day. The St. ! David bell is the largest ever cast in Ballarat for church purposes, its weight being a- little over 2 owt, and its dimensions 26§- inches at bottom, with a height of 23 inches. The smaller bell cast' at. the same time weighed about half cwt. The next largest bell cast here for church use is. that of St. Peter's, in Sturt-street, which iweighs about 120 Ib, and was cast nearly two years ago at the Victoria Foundry, by Messrs Hunt and Opie. The same firm cast the largest bell yet made here, namely, the bell cast six or seven years ago for the Ballarat Fire Brigade, which weighed between 5 and 6 cwt. Mr Higgins, the caster of the St. David bell, is also the generous donor of the bell to the church, of which he is an active member and a liberal supporter. He bears all the expense of the process, and makes the bell a free gift to the church." 