CORAMUNDRA. fpr.om our coeresp j.ndext.1 August 17. — Somo people have a habit of talking about doing anything until the thing intended to be done, having beeonio " familiar in their mouths as household words." are almost treated as if they wcro accomplished, that is to say talk is all they do. Several of our embryo institutions wero drifting towards this happy stato of neglectcdncss when tiie town' was awakened hv the arrival of no end of government gentlemen, who came to inquire into its necessities. First came Messrs Moriarty (engineer-in-chief I for rivers and harbours) Oraeknoll (superintendent : of telegraphs), and Fitzpatrick (under-sccretary ; for lands, who visited tho town for the purpose of fixing the site of our long-talked-of reservoir. Having determined this they loft for Wagga Wagga on Thursday morning. It is to he hoped that the trustees will not lot the matter rest until the reservoir bo finished, for permanent water would bo a great blessing to tho town. Mr Moyse. the past il inspector, was hero last week. During his stay the necessity of a tri-weekly mail from here to Wagga Waggu was pointed out to him : and of course, in the usual official way. it was promised consideration. A petition from the inhabitants of tho various towns and settlements along the road has been forwarded to tlio " powers that bo," praying for tho aforesaid tri weekly mail, which would benefit tho whole': district very much. The mail service from here to Murrumburruh is much more quickly performed than heretofore. The horses are now well-fed and stabled: and the new contractor, Mr Bowen, has promised us a now coach. On Saturday next tho tenders for building our public school are to be in, and tho committee will most likely hold a meeting in the beginning of next week to consider them. Wo have a tem porary school, presided over by a Mr Walshe. from St. Arnand, in Victoria, who reminds me of tho tale of the old man and his ass, he cannot please all. A public meeting is to ho held here on Friday to appoint the first managers to our town com mon, about which I shall bo able to tell you something next week. A violent, though short, thunderstorm passed over tho town this afternoon : the thunder was tho loudest I liavo heard for a long time. Among our town belongings is a cemetery, which, to our disgrace, is still fenceless : it is generally believed that the trustees have sufficient money to fence it— the wonder is that it is not done. A road party is at work close to the town, mending bridges, &c.; I hope to hear soon that a bridge is to be erected over NWckay's Creek, about half-way between here and Murrumburrah - when that is done, our part of tho road will bb a tolerably good one. Arrivals. — Mr. \V. Maclcay, M.L.A. Tor the Murrumbidgeo electorate, accompanied by Mrs. Maclcay and Miss Thomson, arrived at Idilly's hotel yesterday afternoon. Tho party are en route for Mr Macleay's station. Mrs. II. O'Brien is ex pected to arrive at Douro to-morrow. Wo under stand it is her intention to mako a prolonged stay there. Bonded Store at Wagga Wagga — It is noti fied that the building belonging to Mr George For syth, situated at Wuggn Wagga. is to be a waro- houso for the security of goods under bond which have not paid the duty on the first entry thereof. The Weather. — On Sunday night there wero some genial showers, and Monday was cloudy with every now and again a downfall. At midday tho temperature of tho atmosphere was exceedingly mild, but lato in the afternoon cold set in again. There appears to he ev»ry probability of wet. Should rain keep off. the farmer who sowed lato, say in all last month, will not have a harvest worth reaping. Another Charge against Wim.um Quinnell. — The elder of tho two young men Quinnells. who were committed for trial on Wednesday last for stealing horses belonging to the Curator of Intes tate Fstates, was on Monday last further charged in the gaol by constable Smith with having stolen a saddle, the property of John Wado of the Murrum bidgeo. lie will undergo examination before tho bench to day. John Quinncilis out on bail. Sage of Property at Bgrrowa. — On Saturday last Mr Foot of Yass disposed of, by means of auction at Burrowa, the Railway Hotel and pro mises situated in that township, over which he held a mortgage. It was knocked down to Mr O'Neill, senior, for the sum of <>00 1. ItonnERY of .Tkwku.euy. — A fow months ago a quantity of valuable jewellery was stolen from some trunks that wero heing conveyed by mail between Deniliquin and Hay. Suspicion rested on different persons, but the mystery of tho disap pearance of the valuables has not as yet been cleared up. It is stated that the jewellery was tho property of a squatter residing below liny, and who has married Miss Madeline Smith, anamo connected with n tragical affair that occurred in Glasgow snmo years since. On Saturday last a prisoner of the Crnwn. named Stewart, under going a sentence in Berrima gaol for horse stealing, arrived in Yass in charge of Serjeant Egan of the Tumut polico, en route to Deniliquin, whither he is proceeding for tho purpose of giving inform ation in connection with the robbery. It appoartt that while undergoing his sentence at Berrima, ho mado somo voluntary admissions inculpating certain persons in the robbery referred to, but his conduct on tho road would lead to the belief that his principal object was to have a long journey in the hopo of a chance presenting itself to make his escape. During Friday night ho was observed by the sergeant endeavouring to slip his handcuffs from off his wrists, nnd when challenged with his intention, ho said very bluntly that of course it was his place to get away if he possibly could. He is apparently about thirty or thirty-fivo years of ago, well built., and without whiskers. Ho wore leg irons as well as handcuffs, but there can be little doubt that ho will try his utmost to " slip the darbies " before arriving at his destination. Town Common. — It is stated that a reserve is nbout to be made for tho purposo of a town common, for tho uso of the inhabitants of Yass. The reserve will consist of eight hundred acres, and is situate between Bellcvalo, MrMcBean's, and Mr Redmayne's properties, bounded on tho ono side by tho Yass River. It will includo a woody bill and some excellent grass land. Shearino. — During the Inst fortnight a largo number of shearers well mounted nnd loading horses that bnro their swags pa«sod through town for the Lowor Murrumbidgeo whero. shearing will commence next week. Town Trade. — This is tho season of tho'year when dullness reigns supreme in all rural towns, ' nnd even tho metropolis docs not eseapo frotn n share of tho depression. It is the most trying timo for those whose trades aro carried on under great expense, but hope buoys them 'up that thoro are good davs coming. Yass is particularly quiet just now. There is no business that is not suffering from tno want of cash and customers, and as tho prospects of the harvest, are not very brilliant tho gloom is more than usually intense. Even should there bo a copious fall of rain much of tho wheat that ha been put in will never make its appear ance above ground. O vine to there heing hut few sheep or cattle in tho district, the chief relianco is in the crops, nnd when theso fail to any extent thero must bo a general collapse in trado matters. Rents are out of proportion to the profits arising "from any busino.es carried on here, nnd there fore until they are reduced the legitimate margin that would otherwise be expended in many bene ficial ways will always be absorbed by the aggran dizing landlord. Tho lact is that many of the best buildings in town were erected in dear times of material and labour and when tho prospects of trade were unnaturally bright. Landlords conse quently argue, that if they reduce the rental they | lose common interest for their expenditure. But they will have to do nno-of two things — either to accept a less rent or have tenantless promises. There is stagnation in tho wheat market, and tho demand for flour is wholly confined to tho local trade. Dairy produce continues very low in prico, and indeed all necessary articles of food aro below rates that will pay the producers. Intestate Estates. — Persons having claims on tho estate or estates of any of the following deceased persons are to come in and prove them beforo D. B. Hutchinson. I3q , Curator of Intestato Estates, on or before the Hit September, or they will for ever be excluded from all benefit in tho same : — Charles Hamilton, late of Wagga IVagga ; James Humphries, alius Gordon, lato of Kiandra : John Hayes, late of Illalong : James Jackson, late of Manns Creek ; James Mulholland. Into of Wagga Wagga; Henry Smith, lato of Young : John Smith, lato of Young ; George M'Gregor Smith, lato of South Hay: unknown, supposed to bo Dickenson, late of Narandera. Diseases in Sheer Act of ISfiG. — A procla mation in tho Government Gazette of Tuesday, ab solutely prohibits for the period ofsix months from date (August M) the introduction of sheep into this colony, otherwise than by sea, from the colony of Victoria, nr any sheep which may have, within a period of eighteen months, been in, or in contact with, sheep from that colony. An Inoenious Piece of Korological Mecha nism. — The Melbourne Ilcratd says : — A watch that nover requires to he wound up by a key is a decided novelty, and one on view at Mr Leviuson'c, Ballarat, has attracted a good deal of attention. ! It was sent out by the last mail, and is a gold hunting watch of a superior quality, with a patent levor escapement. By a v »ry ingenious mechanical contrivance tho more opening of tho cover winds thoVwatch np for six hours, and if it is desirable, by opening and shutting it eight times it will go for forty-eight hours without stopping. It cannot he overwound. The invention is protected by an English patent, nnd took a prizo nt tho Paris Exhibition in 18(17. A contrivance for moving the hands, to set the watch to the correct time, is neatly arranged, nnd thus the works are kept quite free from dust, as there is no necessity for opening tho case at all. Intercolonial Postage.— A Melbourne tele gram in Saturday's Empire says : — Tho Chamber of Commerce anticipate that the attention of tho Sydney Government will shortly bo givon to the question of reducing tho border postage to a uni form rate of twopence. It has been ascertained that tho Melbourne Government is unwilling to reduce tho sea postage rate, because of tho in crease it would make to tho present heavy annual deficiency in tho revenue of the post office depurt- ment, but would entertain the proposal for the re duction of tho border postage. Mr Martin has been communicated with on the subject. Sentences on Hirst for Stealing Money. — At the Central Criminal Court on Friday last. George Hirst, who pleaded guilty to threo charges of stealing money from Messrs. Alderson and Sons, was brought up fur sentence Prisoner, when asked by the Clerk of Arraigns if ho had anything to say why sentence should not bo passed upon him, utterod not a word. His Honor then sentenced him as fullows : — For the first offence, throo years, tho second, two years, nnd tho third, one yenr'a imprisonment, in Sydney gaol. The sentences wero to be accumulative, making a total of six years. Prisoner on leaving the dock fainted, and remained in a swoon in the gaol for somo timo. — Empire. Free Selection. — Tho Wagga Wagga Ex press of Saturday has tho following: — Mr Fitz- patrick, Mr Moriarty, and Mr Cracknell wero to have arrived in town last night. Tho former gentleman will nttend at tho Court-houso on Monday next for tho purposo of investigating the rivnl claims to tho disputed portions of No. 81 Reservo at Wantabadgcry. THE LAST VILE RELIC OF THE BURKE AND HARE TRAGEDIES. — The Singleton Times of Wed- nesday records the death of Ellen Glasspoole, the paramour of the infamous Burke, of Edinburgh. Tho above journal reports that — " An inquest was held on Monday, the 10th instant, before the district coroner, Dr. Glennie, on view of the body of an aged woman, known as Ellen Glasspoole, who was burned to death in her hut on Saturday last. The above creature was, we believe, the last remaining vile relic connected with the infamous Burke and Hare tragedies that horrified Edinburgh, the scene of these villains' wholesale butcheries, and indeed the civilised world, some forty years ago. As paramour of Burke - who expiated his revolting crimes upon the scaffold —she participated in those barbarities that have never been heard recited without a shudder. The law, however, in dealing mercifully with the " weaker vessel," sentenced Ellen Steward alias M'Dougall to penal servitude for life. In 1830, she was assigned to the service of the late Mr Joseph Singleton, and she has re- mained in this district since. During the early years of her servitude here, she appears to have captivated somebody, who bestowed upon her the name of Glasspoole, and whom apparently she has long survived. She had repeatedly been admonish- ed at our police court on account of her taking a drappie too much, on which occasions she usually pleaded, in extenuation, her great age. That gener- ous institution of ours, the Benevolent Asylum, sup- plied her from time to time with the necessaries of life, and her " medical comforts" were made up by appealing to the coach passengers, who were found about Cullen's corner, relying mostly for success in the statement that her age was " 104 the next Saturday," but which, we believe, was a simple miscalculation of some twenty or thirty years. From the evidence adduced at the inquest, which was held at the poor wretched woman's hut, near Rix's Creek, but adjourned to Heuston's Railway Hotel, it appears that she had been too free with some favourite bottles she had in stock, and fell a victim to them, as appears from the evidence of the witnesses at the inquest, as follows : — John Glover deposed : I am a labourer, and reside at Singleton ; on Saturday morning, the 8th instant, I was passing the residence of the deceased, Ellen Glasspoole, about three miles from Singleton; I heard some one groaning: I went and looked in at the door, and saw deceased lying by the side of the fire: her clothes were nearly burnt off her ; she was insensible ; the fire was nearly burnt out ; I called a man who was with a team near the place, and he drew her away from the fire ; I then left, and came into Singleton ; I met the Rev. Mr Lane on the road, and informed him of the cir- cumstance. — George Lane deposed: I am a Wesleyan minister, and reside at Singleton; on Saturday nfternoon, I was out driving, and met the last witness, who told me that the old woman living in the hut beside tho road had fallen into the fire ; I went to the place and found deceased, Ellen Glasspoole, lying on the floor, her clothes were nearly burnt off her; she was insensible, but appeared in pain: I placed a pillow under her head, and threw a blanket over her ; I observed a stool, which I conclude she had been sitting on, half burnt in the fire ; I went a short distance further to inform a neighbour, and when I re- turned she was dead ; there was a bottle in the hut with some spirits in it, and I found the smell of spirits in other bottles. The verdict returned by the jury was:— "Ellen Glasspoole came to her death by injuries received from fulling into the fire. SUPPOSED CASE OF POISONING BY STRICHNINE.— We abridge from the Gundagai Times :-—A magis- terial inquiry was held by the Police Magistrate of Tumut on the 8th instant, at Gocup, as to the cause of the very sudden death or Mr Frederick Lacy of Gocup. John Hay deposed : I am a grazier, and deceased, who was my partner, lived with me at Gocup; I last saw him alive about two o'clock on the 7th instant at the Beehive Hotel ; he com- plained of being tired and hungry, and had dinner there after which he left to go home ; deceased had complained for a few days previous to his death of pains in his head and kidneys, but I did not consider him seriously ill ; he was generally very cheerful, but for the last week he appeared dull and dejected; I know of nothing to have made him so ; he was not in pecuniary difficulties that I am aware of, and I never considered him a man at all likely to destroy himself. Sarah Hay de- posed : I am the wife of the last witness ; de- ceased left home shortly after breakfast to go into Tumut; he was not-very well, and had complained in the morning of a very had headache, but before he left he said it was better ; he had been com- plaining, and on the 5th instant he remained in bed all day; next day he asked me for a little quinine, which I gave to him ; for the last ten days he did not seem so well satisfied as when he came to Gocup ; I never heard him say anything that would lead me to suppose he would destroy him- self: latterly he appeared always anxious about getting letters; I heard deceased was very ill at a sheep station about a mile from the place, and I went down there; he died almost immediately after I got to him ; there were five or six people with him ; deceased always had a bottle of strych- nine on his bed-room table ; he kept it for poison- ing native cats; I found it there after his death, and now produce it ; on Friday morning, before deceased left home to go to Tumut, he said to me, " I suppose Isabella (meaning my little girl) can give me the bottle she promised me ," he then went to the school-room and brought back a small bottle about two inches long. David Patten deposed: I am a shepherd in the employ of Messrs. Hay and Laey; I was at the lambing station, about a mile from their house, on Friday afternoon, when the deceased came up on horseback; he dismounted and came to me, and told me to hold him up for he felt very bad ; he said he felt paralysed, and was going tn die; I tried to cheer him up, but he said, "Davy, I'm going to die. I must die ;" he said he had taken one glass of brandy at Brennan's public- house ; another man named John Tubberty helped me to hold deceased, and whilst we did so he took a fit ; his hands were clenched, and worked; he got quite stiff, threw his head back, and bent his back ; we bathed his head with cold water and he got better, but he seemed to have no use of his limbs ; he appeared quite sensible ; I offered to send for Mrs Hay, but he told me not to do so then, but to send for Joe and William Clee and Augustus to take him home; he said he was going to have another fit, and we took him into the hut, and laid him on the bed ; he then had another fit. but it did not last long; he drank a teaspoonful of some water I gave him at this time, and then told me I could go and look after the sheep as there were plenty to assist him ; he complained of thirst and said he would have another fit; I bathed his lips with water, and just as I was going out another fit came on ; I did not see him recover, as Mrs Hay, Augustus, and Clee came, and I then left the hut; deceased was always quite sensible between the fits, he said repeatedly, " Patten, I am dying, but you attend to the sheep;" he asked for an emetic, and told me to mix some salt and water to make one, but he could not drink it; he might be an hour in the hut before he died; he had froth on his in mouth at the first fit, and his teeth were clenched, so that I thought he was getting lock-jaw. Elizabeth Brennan deposed ; My husband is landlord of the "Australian Arms," Gocup Creek: deceased called at my house on Friday afternoon, and had a glass of brandy, which I served him with out of a decanter ; at the same time I also served two men, one named Ned, with brandy out of the same decanter ; deceased left as soon as he had drunk the brandy ; I did not notice anything particular about him, except that his cheeks looked very red ; we have never had any poison in our house; the tumblers are never used for anything but for serving in the bar, and I never heard of anyone complaining of illness after drinking anything in our house. Edwin Hardy deposed: I am a fencer and have been working for deceased ; I was at Brennan's public-house when he came there on Friday ; he took a nobbler of brandy, and I had one at the same time ; Mrs Brennan served us out of the same decanter; I took two more glasses from the same decanter after deceased left, and did not feel the least ill effects from them ; deceased seemed to be in his usual health ; it was dark brandy we took, and we had no water with it; it was not at all bitter, and seemed to be good spirits. Augustus Jeremias, deposed: I am fitting up Gocup house for Mr Hay ; on Friday afternoon I was called to go to the sheep station where Mr Lacy was ill ; I found deceased lying on his back on a bed in the shepherd's hut ; he was quite sensible and asked me if Mrs Hay knew he was ill ; I said Mrs Hay was close at hand, and he said he hoped she would not come and see him when he was in such a state : he said some brandy he had drunk at Brennan's had poisoned him, and that when he got to the shepherd's hut he felt so ill he had to get off there ; he also said he thought he should soon get a little better ; I went out to Mrs Hay to tell her how ill deceased was, and when I came back he was in a fit; he clenched his hands and his chest on the right side worked violently; there was no froth from his mouth, but it got dry, and his teeth were clenched ; there was no distortion of the features ; before the fit came on he had twitches and jerks, which increased in violence; he threw his head back and his chest up, and seemed in great pain. William Lyons, deposed: I am a duly qualified medical practitioner, and have inspected the body of the deceased Frederick Lacy; from the nature of the symptoms the wit- nesses have mentioned, I am of opinion deceased has died from some convulsive disease. There are no marks, nor does the evidence speak of injury to the body of deceased, and therefore the tetanus must have been idiopathic, and doubtless produced by some poison ; nux vomica (and its active principle strychnine) is the only poison that could have produced those symptoms in deceased; I am of opinion from what I have seen and heard that deceased died from poisoning by strychnine. Another Threatened Assault ui'on tub Editor op the " Waooa Waooa Express." — Assaults nnd threatened assaults upon tho editor of this journal | after the publication of onoh issuo arc now bccom- | ing suoh matters of course that our respectablo readers must be gotting tired of our unnvoidnblo ; referonco to them, and must, wo should imagine, experionco strong sonso of humiliation and disgust that tho district with which they arc connected Bhould be so systematically disgraced by suoh or ganised exhibitions of rowdyism and intimidation. It is always a delicato and unpleasant task to be obliged to speak much upon porsonni matters, but tho syatom of personal intimidation that has latterly | been brought into play ngainst the editor of this journal with tho view of compelling the Bupprossion of nil opinions that may be unpalatable to the J ruffianism' of tho hour, has now nttainod suoh a pitch of lawlessness and violence that wo must crave the pardon and patienco of our rondors if wo ! g've tho matter a prominence that perhaps under other circumstances it would bo in hotter tasto to avoid. Tho two previous assaults upon tho editor ? by a magistrate, and the son of a magistrate will j both form the subject oflogal proceedings, and wo will not therefore allude to them further than to remark that when people of this olass break into bedrooms and printing offices for the express pnr- poso of committing n breach of tho pence, it is scarcely to bo wondered nt that their coadjutors and nllios in tho ranks of the labouring men should, warranted by such oxamplo, adopt tho same tnotics. nnd essay experimental incursions into private premises with the avowed intention of "smash ing " and " hammering " offending editors. In the early part of last week- a bootmaker and temper ance npostlo. named George Everett, sont ns for publication two communications, ndvocating his favnurito cause of toetotalism. one in prose, the other in verse. Oilier co nmunications of a similar class which ho had previously sont wo had re written and published, but the tiling was growing into a nuisance, and not having the time to lick bis compositions into sliapo we declined to publish the ii. and recommended him to send us no moro until he could obtain the assistance of the school master in writing them This gave the gentle man great offence, and early on the Saturday morning ho repaired to tho private residence of one of the proprietors and endeavoured to force open tho door, saying ho wanted to seo tho editor and threatening to " sinnsh " hiin if ho could find him. Finding that the editor was not in he took his de parture vowing vengnanno. and an hour or two later appeared at the printing office, where tho editor then was. and thero with a great deal of abusive nnd insulting langnngo repeated his throats until a policeman coming up ho was given into cus tody, nnd bning brought before tho polieo magis trate was convicted and fined. Tlio man is n very ignorant ono, nnd doubtless thought that in follow ing the exnmplo of a magistrate ho could not bo going very far wrong, and we would not liavo re ferred to tho matter at all if lie had not been play ing the gnmo of others endowed with moro wit than himself, and been prominently connected with tjioso who for the last few weeks liavo been endea vouring t) intimidate and cocr-ee this journal into Bilence upon topics upon which local feeling has been running high. Our readers will roinombor that at a public mooting held on the twenty-first of July last, under the presidency of Mr Gordon, Mr Geo. Forsyth, in his speech justified the ap pointment tn tho chairmanship of tho dejeuner given to his Excellency the Governor, of tho individual who hnd committed the assault upon tho editor, and carried a resolution condemning the opinions expressed in our report of tlio vice regal reception, .and of tho doings connected therewith, and they will also remember that it was this man Everett who was selected to second tho resolution directing that tho one carried by Mr Forsyth should be convoyed to his Excellency by telegram. For commenting upon tho impropriety of Mr Tompson's nppointmont, tho editor was assaulted by that individual whilo in bed; at the publio meeting Everett took a loading pnrt in con demning the reception report, and on tho succeeding Saturday for again alluding to it tho oditor was assaulted by tho son of Mr Tompson in tho print ing ollico. and on Saturday last again, yet another assault upon him was threatened by Everett. It is clear from the closo connection of the parties in tlio late local differences and from tlio uniformity of their subsequent tactics, that these ruffianly out rages are the result of a common plan of action and that the very lowest kind of intimidation is being systematically practised in the delusive hope that it will nt last have tho desired effect of preventing the utterance of inconvenient truths. We need scarcely say that this is a result that our rowdy visitors will novor achieve, and that tho possible contingency of a "smashing" or "hammering" will never in tho very smallest degrco influence tho tenor of any remarks that wo may deem it re quisite to give expression to upon publio matters. We shall give no gratuitous offence, and liavo no desiro to provoko further potty quarrels, but, un deterred by all threats, shnll comment with nil freedom upon every question of local interest that may from timo to timo to arise, and if thin-skinnod busybodies choose to got enraged and make un seasonable irruptions into our office they will only have themselves to thank if they meet with a ro- eeption rather warmer than polite.—Express Tiie Wild Boar Huntino in Australia.— It is said by tlio Ararat Advertiser that at and in the neighbourhood of Mount Arnpiles tho mobs of wild pigs are increasing very fnst, nnd tliatsomo of the boars are becoming fierce ns well as bold. Tho sport of running theso animals down nnd killing them appears to offor quite as exciting amusement ns their chase docs in other countries ; and ns those brutes in a wild state nro not confined to the 'locality, abovonnmed, there is every probability of their not only increasing in numbers, but becom ing very dangerous. At ono place where wild pigs are not uncommon a private hunt was nrrnnged about a week back, which gave quito ns much ex citement as is said to bo enjoyed at these hunts in Germnny. An old bonr was treed or " stuck-up." and about half a dozen largo knngaroo dogs and a mastiff gathered round tho game. By the timo two of the horsemen rode up ono of the mastiff's legs wns crunched in pieces, nnd the oldost of the knngaroo dogs was bleeding from a terrible wound in tho be'Iy. Tho dogs would not repoat tho strugglo at olose quartors, and although a oouplo of shots from a revolver wore fired, they seemed to liavo no effect. Ono of the men decided upon the vory dangerous, if not foolhardy, plan of dis mounting and attacking the animal in the rear, under cover of tho treo, which was a largo ono : luckily for himself ho got fair aim at tho ear, which so disabled or bewildered tho boar that it became an easy mattor to plant a couple of balls behind the shouldor. Some adventurous spirits are talking of passing a day or two at Mount William, and trying n chaso witlvsome that nro known to infeBt that place. If the suggestion bo noted upon, it is to bo hoped they will go well prepared, for tho sport is vory dangerous. The late Stickino-up detwben Gympie and Yabiia. — Henry Eldridgo. one of tlio persons lately stopped and robbed by some bushrangers between Gympio and Ynbbn, in Queensland, gives tho following nccount of tho affair, which appears in tho Nashville Times : — When nbout four miles from Imbil station, going through tho second scrub about 12 o'clock on Thursday, an nrmcd man with his fa;e covered stopped from behind a tree nhead. with a revolver in his hand, and told mo to stand with hands down or ho would murder mo. On looking behind I beheld nnother ruffian, who had me covered with ri double-bnrrellod gun. As thore wns scrub on cither sido of mo, " I must givo in," " I must dismount." Thoy marched mo into tho bush —about 300 yards — when tho tallest of tho two tied my hands behind my back, while the other stood threatening if I made and resistance I was n dond man. They then marched about half n mile further into a scrub where I wns searched. All I had wns 5s., which they took ; they also took my boots off my feet, and the hat off my head. They then took me to n sapling ; I refused to sit so closo to it. when I roceived a severe blow on the hoad which knocked me senseless. T camo to in a few hours, and after trying overy effort to relievo my self, gave it up nearly exhausted. On looking around I saw a small stone at a distance, which it wns all but impossible to rench. I made a deadly effort to roaoh it with ray tonguo, and managed to grapple it with my mouth and dropped it ovor my shoulder, and Providenoe guided it into my hnnd I worked it with my fingers nil night, managed to cut tho rope which tied mo to tho snpiing, and got partly rolensod on Friday morning nbout 10 o'clock. Still I was tied, both hands and feet, with death staring mo in tho face. I jumped along, knowing overy jump wns one to safety, when I was seen nt a distance by one of a'pnrty who had mot with the samo Tate as mysolf. Ho undid tho tics irom my hands and feet, so I managed to reach lmbil, wlioro I met with ovory kindness to secure my speedy recovery. I will now stnto what bofel the party I allude to — tho four young men who had boon out to tho Wogiorush. Returning to YabBa', a little further on than where I mot my misfortune nt tho second crossing of Ynbba Greek, five miles from Imbil, three of theso young men wero walk ing, with their swags, to tho. oreok to cross, when tho ruffians, who wore mounted, with veils over their faces, and undoing their guns at tho Bame timo, oamo up to them and sang out " Hands down, inoroh off into the bush whioh we did, about 300 yards. After two of us had been bound together, our other mate came up looking for .us. thinking wo wero one of our track, when ono bushranger shout ed out " Go and bring that up too." So hero thoy searched us, after having made us fast, tied two nnd two together, getting 101. 2s. Gd. After this thoy mado us go into the scrub, nnd secured canh two of us to strong saplings, with our hands tied behind our hack, whero, we believe, wo would have died but for ono of our party who bad a Bmall hnnd, owing to ono of his fingers having been out off. After struggling for snmo timo bo got his hand out : but for this, wo were tied in such away that dsn'h was cortnin. Wo were stuck up on Thursday, at 4 o'clock in tho afternoon, hut got re leased before six on the same evening, nnd reached Imbil that night, whero there was a tronpnr at the time, who accompanied us and Captain Dickson next morning and found our blnnkcts. On Friday evening a trooper and a black tracker oamo from Gymnie to Imbil, and on Saturday morning went out accompanied bv myself (IT. Eldridge) the head stockman, and Mr Ilamill. We scoured the coun try around for mile3. finding a blanket and an old saddlo at tlio ruffians' camp. At a distance from this, in tho centre of tho scrub, we found a gold bag and somo tobacco which belonged to mo. TnB Minds' Disease. — At tho Police Court, Gun- dagai. on tho I lth instant. Mary Ann Bell was brought up. Her husband. William Bell, who is n carrier residing at Sutton Forest, and is at present travelling to Wagga Wagga with loading, gavo her in ehargo on tho previous evening for purpose of protection. It appeared that she had rnccivod an injury on tho head that rendered her liable to fits of derangement, and had been in a lunatic asylum somo yenrs ago, from which she had boen dis charged ns cured. Her mania manifested itself in a desiro to wander away into tho bush alone, and tn get out of every one's sight. ITcr husband hnd lost her, owing to this propensity of hers, had spent two days seeking for her. and was afraid sho might ngain wander off. She lmd ultimately returned, boing. she said, unable to lep.ve tho children, and ns she hnd promised, after being locked up for a night, not to wander again, ho now npplicd to have her discharged. On his undertaking to look caro- fullv aftor the unfortunato woman his application was irrnntcd. — Times. Escape of Prisoners.- On Tuosdny last n dar ing attempt to cscnpo from tho Albury gaol was mado by two prisoners, named respectively John Evoritt and Thomas Chapman, but as tlio nttompt wns mado in broad daylight, nbout hnlf- past three o'clock, the men hnd ft very poor chance of getting clear of pursuit. In fact they wero almost im mediately enptured by two gentlemen who were passing at the timo, Mr North and Mr J. Wise. It appears tliat tho men, who wero employed in cut ting wood, simultaneously made a rush towards tho garden wall, and having jumped it, mado off at a great pace for the hill in rear of the gaol, one of tlio warders following in pursuit. The prisoner Everitt, on boing stopped by Mr North, who was on horsebnek, succeeded in gotting away again and bolted oft across a paddock, but being met on the other sido liy his pursuer, who had ridden round the fence, gavo himself up and returned to the gaol. Information ns to tho whereabouts of the other man, Cliapmnn, was given by Everitt, and Mr Wyse followed him up nnd found him concealed in a pigsty. An examination of the prisoners took place on Wednesday and Thursday nt tho gaol, beforo tho Police Magistrate, and the men wero committed for trial at the next Quarter Sessions. — Banner. Prince Alfred's Tree. — A correspondent in forms us ( Empire ) that through tho prompt inter ference of Mr Thomas May, of Parramatta, the treo planted in tho Parramatta Park by II.R.H. tho Duke of Edinburgh has been saved by careful grafting, and is now doing exceedingly well, al though cut into sovoral pieces by somo evil-minded and disloyal person or persons on tho 23th of July. Changes Consequent on the Extension of the Railway. — Tho following aro tho changes affecting Gouiburn which, so far. havo been noticed consequent on the extension of tho railway to Marulan : — Travellers may now leave Gouiburn at ton o'clock in the morning and reach Sydney by twenty minutes past six in tho evening. Tho Sydney Heralds aro brought up as a parcel and distributed in tho town shortly after six on days of publication. Somo enterprising individuals havo brought vegetables from Sydney nnd sold them in Gouiburn nt prices whioh wo bclievo were satisfactory i and a plentiful supply is now to bo seen nt Mr Reynolds's shop. Fish is sold at 4d. per pound. Two or throo coaches now run to and from Gouiburn nnd Marulan : but thoy aro only poorly patronised, and it would seem that, except on spcoial or holiday ocoasions, one conveyance would bo sufficient for tho passengor traffic. — Gouiburn Herald. Self-Help and Official Wilfulness. — The following littlo matter is deserving of mention. A fow months back tlio Government advertised for sale a large number of suburban lots of land ndjoining tho city of Gouiburn : and some of them wero bo laid out as to oloso the connection existing between tho Wlioeo road and the city by its natural course by way of Olinton-ntrcet, leaving open, however, communication by way of Verner-stroet. To got into tho road from tho latter street would require the nseont and descent of a hili so extremoly steep as to bo almost imprac ticable. Representations were accordingly mnde to tho Government, which so far prevailed that tho land in question was nt first withdrawn from competition. Nevertheless, it was shortly afterwards once more advertised for sale. Two or threo gentlemen in town thereupon agreed to join together and pur chase the lots referred to. with the view of pro- serving communication with tho Wlieeo rond. Thoy did so ; had tho land re-surveyed with a road leading in tho natural channel of traffic from Olinton-stroot to tho Wheeo road ; and thoy then offered the bloeks for snlo by auction. It is satis factory to be able to add that they sustnined littlo if any loss by their exorciso cf public spirit ; while ns the traffic by tho road referred to becomes moro developed, the benefit they havo conferred upon all who havo occasion to travel ovor it will bccomo abundantly manifest. — Goulaurn Herald. DEATH OF MR C. A. DIBDIN. — The Adelong cor- respondent of the Gundagai Times writes as fol- lows :— Poor Dr Dibdin's state of health has pre- vented his attending to his patients, and, in fact, when he paid his last visit he had to be lifted on his horse, and led to the patient's door, after which he was obliged to rest for half an hour before he could gain strength to give his advice. He was then taken back to his residence and carried to his couch. After this he became weaker, and on Tues- day morning death terminated his earthly career. [Deceased was grandson of the celebrated Charles Dibdin, the nautical lyrist, and son of Thomas Dib- din, also well known in the same line of literature. Deceased resided for many years in Sydney, where he was assistant to the late Dr. McKay, in Goul- burn, where he kept a chemist's shop, and at Ade- long and Gundagai, where he practiced as a surgeon. He was an agreeable and intelligent companion, full of true drollery, and a living depository of anecdote anent music and the stage. Peace be to his manes !] MURDER AT THE TEN MILE RUSH. — At the Police Office, Young, on Friday last, before the Police Magistrate, William Moran, remanded on Friday last, was again brought up. Senior-con- stable Cotter, sworn, deposed: I am at present stationed at Tuena; I was stationed at Young in the month of February, 1867 ; on the morning of the 27th of that month, in consequence of informa- tion received from David Taylor, I went to his farm at Bullock Creek, near the Ten- mile; about a mile west from the farm Taylor showed me, in a gully, the charred remains of a human body; they were lying among some burnt wood; there was no skin or flesh that was not scorched except that of the head ; I examined the skull, and saw on one side of it (I think the left) about a square inch of bone, which appeared as if driven in by a blow, apparently from the head of a shingling ham- mer; I searched the neighbourhood and found an old shaft covered with sticks, in which were an old English-made saddle and a bridle ; the saddle had on it two stirrup-leathers, one of which was new (articles produced); the cantle end of the saddle was saturated with blood, as also the near flap; the saddle was a little scorched ; I was pre- sent at the post-mortem examination hy Dr Tem- ple; I saw the skull which I produce taken off; the doctor took possession of it at the time ; I found also some articles of clothing (produced); there were a pair of boots and a hat ; the boots were about half worn, and the hat was perfect, and the charred remains of a poncho, or monkey jacket, and socks ; the feet of deceased were partly burnt ; a magisterial enquiry was held by Mr Macarthur, who returned a verdict of " wilful murder by some person or persons unknown " ; near the place I saw a small sheet of bark which had been stripped from a tree close by; a damper appeared to have been made on it; it looked as though stripped with a tomahawk; I found no tomahawk; the saddle was about twenty yards from the remains ; the remains were in a state of putrefaction ; the post mortem examination was held upon the spot ; the evidence was taken at Taylor's. Dr Temple, sworn, said : I am a legally qualified medical prac- titioner residing at Young ; I held a post mortem examination on either the 27th of January or February, 1867, at a place about half a mile from Taylor's, on some human remains, in a charred and decomposed state : they were the remains of a man ; he might have been about sixty years of age ; there was grey hair on the skull ; I found a frac- ture on the vertex of the skull, on the left side of the parietal bone, about three-quarters of an inch square, from which two other fractures ran, one outwards and downwards, traversing the squamous portion of the temple bone ; the other backwards and downwards, through the occipital bone on the same side: I should say the wound was produced by some instrument like the back of a shingling hammer; the wound would be sufficient to cause death: I am of opinion that it was given during the life time of deceased in consequence of the amount of contused blood under the scalp; the remains appeared to be those of a person about five feet six inches in height; the skull produced is the one I took off; there is a remarkable dent in the left side of the forehead which appears to have been made some years, the scar, must have been discernible in life; the dent penetrates the skull like an old fracture healed up ; there could have been no hair growing over the scar, it would be impossible for the deceased to have inflicted the fatal wound himself. David Taylor, sworn, de- posed : I reside at the Ten-mile : I remember find- ing tho charred remains of a human body in the early part of 1867 ; I was attracted to them, while out in the bush, by an offensive smell ; I saw the remains of a fire; I do not know who the deceased could have been ; I never saw the accused before ; there had been a horse tethered to a stump about two yards distant from the place where I found the remains; I immediately reported the circum- stance to the police; I thought at first the remains were those of a blackfellow. George Borer, sworn: I am thirteen years of age: I was in Mr Taylor's employ in February, 1867 ; I was minding lambs: I saw the burnt remains of a human body ; about a week before that I saw two men lying down near the same place, I was about twenty or thirty yards away from them ; I could not describe them ; I saw a red roan horse or mare tied up near; there was a black dog with a little white upon him near side, a sort of Newfoundland dog ; I saw no saddle on the horse ; the men were lying close to where the remains were afterwards found : they did not speak. To Mr Stephenson : I saw some red blankets spread out on the ground; I would not know the men ; I do not know the ac- cused. This being all the evidence at present forthcoming. Mr Stephenson prayer for a further remand until next Friday, which was granted. — Burrangong Argus. Execution in Victoria for Murder. — A mrn known by tho name of John ITogan, was executed nt the gaol, Gastlemaine, in the presenco of a largo numbor of spectators, for the murdor of his mate, Martin Rooncy. near Bullock Creek. He wns at tended to the scaffold by tho Rev. Patrick Moore. Tho evidence against Hogan was entirely circum stantial. but no doubt can he entertained of his guilt. It is nllegcd on good authority that Hogan formerly, resided in New South Wales, nnd that ho was often beforo the Criminal Courts of that colony to answer for his misdeeds. Ho then passed under a differont namo. — Tele, to Empire. Earl Bklmore's Trip tiirouoii the Squat- taoes of Rivbrina. — The following notes of the visit of the Enrl nnd Countess of Belmoro and party to tlio stations lying between this town (Wagga Wagga) nnd Jerilderio, whilo travelling to Deniliquin, liavo been forwarded to ns (Express) for publication : — " So many inaccuracies havo appoared in tho reports of the public papers of the visit of his Excellency the Enrl and Oountess of Belmorc to tho stations of Riverina, that I doubt not a rcliablo nccount of tho principal incidents of their journey after leaving Wagga Wagga until their arrival at Jerilderio, will prove acceptable to your readers, and I therefore place the accom panying notes at your disposal for publication : — On Saturday, July 13. after a sharp cold drive in tho early hours of a frosty morning, tho vico-regnl party arrived at Bullenbong. nnd thero readily ac cepted tho wnrmly proferred hospitality of Mr Davidson. During their short stay at Bullonbong tho Earl and Oountess mndo numerous enquiries in reference to squatting pursuits, nnd exhibited considerable interest in the novel phases of pastoral lifo in tho interior which they there witnessed. After conversing freely nnd unreservedly upon a variety of subjects, the horseB wore put to and a start was mado for Brookong. At the Half-way House the party was mot by Mr Foatherstonhnugh, and, tho Countos's honouring that gentleman by taking a seat in his buggy, the rein was given to his four spanking groys, nnd in eighty minutea tho fifteen milo stage wns neoomplished, and the party drew up in safoty at Brookong. As his Excellency mado it a rule never to travel on Sunday, tho next day was spent thero, divine service being cele brated by tho Rev. Mr Wnro. It had been arrnnged that at ton o'clock on Monday morning the vico-regnl party should re-commcnco their journey, hut a heavy fall of rain setting in, they did. not leave until noon, and only nrrived at Urana at two o'clock. It is understood upon very good nuthority that ono object that the nohlo Earl had in view in mnking this trip so soon nfter his nrrivnl in the colony, was to mako himself personally acquainted with the nature of tho Riverino country, with tho view of plnoing the Home authorities in possession of reliable infor mation as to its present prospcots, condition, nnd future capabilities, and ns his Excellency was anxious to witness tho actual details of the working of a first-clnsa sheep station upon an extensive j soalo and conducted upon improved modern prin- I ciples. tho satisfaction he experienced upon a per sonal inspection of one of these properties for tho Grst timo may bo readily imagined. His Excellency having accepted the hospitnblo invitation of Mr James Oochran of Widgiown, left tho main road nt Urana, and, accompanied by that gontlomnn, set out for the station. With n view of shortening tho distance Mr Cochrnn had taken the procnution of making openings in tho fences, and thus cut off n round of about oiglit milos. At Widgiawa every preparation had beon mndo for tho recoption of the distinguished visitors. A sumptuous dinner was partaken of, and a very pleasant evoning was afterwards spent, the Oountess and Miss Gladstone taking part in tho nmusomonts. Although tho ensuing morning set in with n steady fall of light rnin, still it sufficiently cleared off to enable his Excellency, accompanied by tho OounteBS of Bel moro. Mr Martin, nnd Mr Oochran to visit tho wool-shod, tho sheep-wash, and the artificial re servoirs. tho construction nnd the uso of nil of which wore explained by Mr Oochran to tho evidont satisfaction of his muoh interosted visitors. Tho homestead in every part was then nnrrowly in spected, and while this was going on. Miss Glad stone. accompanied by tho ladies residing on the station, nnd escorted hy Captain Berosford and Mr Wilson, oversoor, enjoyed a ride on tho plains after kangaroo, emu. nnd a smnll mob of wild horses which wore fortunnte'y sighted. On tho following morning nt nbout 1 1 oTilock his Excellency and party took leave of Widgiown, nfter expressing themselves highly ploased with tho hospitablo re ception that they had received from their host and hostess. Bnnduro wns roaohed at 1 o'clock, where another hospitable we'oome awaited them. After partaking of a sumptuous luncheon, provided by Mr Sutherland, the party proceeded direct to Jeril derio. aconmpnnied by Mr Cochran. Mr Sutherland, nnd Mr Weir of tho Yanoo station, the property of Messrs. Wilson Brothers. On theso gentlemon taking a final Ioavo of his Excellency, and declin ing a warm invitation to dinner at the hotel, they again received frnm his Excellency a honrty ex pression of thanks for tho attention and hospitality he had received frnm the stationholdcrs of Riverina. On the following morning tlio vice-regal party left for Deniliquin, nnd arrivod at that town late in the evening " The Pseudo Count. — By arrival of the stpamer Snxonia some further intelligence lias reached Sydney of the sayings and the doings of the pseudo Count Von Attems, the owner of tho yatch Hamlet's Ghost. Tlio yatch arrived at Clevelnnd Bay on the 28th July, and tho adventurer was lionised to tho extromo. no wns a guest whom everyone de lighted to honour on bonrd the Snxonia, spoko patronisingly of his Sydney friends, nnd announced his intention of completing his cruise by returning to Port Jackson on the 3rd instant, as he expected nn Austrian war vessel would shortly call at the station to onnvev him to Europe. — Empire. Journalism.— Tt is intended without delay to establish n second pnper nt Wagga Wagga, and tho neoessnry nrrnngements have been made accordingly. — Gouiburn Herald. Stock Rrports. — Gouiburn, August li. — Messrs Finlay and Oo. report: — Fat stock : Nothing sold during tho week. There is a good opening for a draf. of prime. Fat wethers : This market has improved very muoh, nnd outsido buyers have during the week stolen a march upon those having prime sheep for sale, and who wore in ignoranco of the state of tho market. Plain sheep nro plentiful; but really prime, taking their weight from .quality, aro extremely scarce. Sales have taken plaoo on tho -station at 10s, and it is re ported on very good authority that a large squatter near Queanbeynn has refused 13s : this is really a startling price, and tho quallity of tho sheep must be equally so. Primo wethers wo quote nt I0s, nnd these require to bo really good ; plain, but fit to kill, about from 8s to 9s. Wo havo sold a flock by auction this week at 9s and 9s 3d. Store sheeD : Wo havo numerous inquiries for breeding owes, but buyers and sellers are much at vnriance as respects the value of sheop bearing a nine months fleece ; this appears tho sticking point, and ifboth would only give way a little, a good business might be done. We have sold this week two flocks of aged ewes— viz.. 730 at Gs 7d and G09 at Gs 4d: this, in comparison with late sales, may bo considered an ndvance : 4i years' old sheep, according to condition and quality of wool, nre worth a little in advance of this quotation. — Store cattle are much inquired after, and sellers would do well to tako advantage of tho present demand. Equnl sexes, well bred, and from two upwards, are worth 2 1 15s : plain, 21 10s. Horses : Very unsaleable. We. made an attempt to sell a small draft of really fair colts and fillies, but had to give it up. Sydney, August 14. — Mr G. M. Pitt reports — Fat cattle : The supply of good "and primo quality was ngnin short of the demand, und consequently for suoh prices were vorv firm, with an upward tendency, which is likely to continue for a timo, I quote best quality wjrth G I 10b, avorage: second qunlity from 51 to 51 10s. My sales have been : 100 head. Skuthorpe's. at 51: 93 head, Oox's. nt 51 Gs 6d : 51 head, Crowley's, at 51 13s: and 250, Badgery'p, cows, nt 51 10s, nnd bullocks at 51 10s, to nrrive. Fat sheep: Primo quality getting scarce and in good demand. Nearly all those to hand aro bought up hy trnde. Many owners talk of holding on till aftor shearing and then sending to mnrkct. I am afraid the pots then will be required to get rid of tho surplus stock. Better to keep up n fair supply, and they are sure to sell at remunerative prices. Store cattle . The long continued drought has prevented opera tions in this market for overland travelling. No doubt should the season bo favourable a. strong demand will tnke plnce, and all our avnilnble stock will soon bo cleared off. The oattlo would require to be in good travelling condition, well bred, of good ages for fattening, and perfectly free from disease. For such stock very satisfactory prices could be obtained, my Bales thin week have been : 1500 head, to bo taken delivery on the station, Richmond River, cows at 21 2s, and bullocks at 21 15s cash. Sydney Wool. Tallow, and Hides Markets. — Tho weekly wool soles held on Thursday were of a very unimportant charncter, 3 hero was, how- over, a fnir amount of competition though at slightly reduced rates ; greasy realised 3d to 7Jd. fleece lOd to 15d, handwashed 7jd to. 9d, skin wool 4?d to 7 J J ; lambs 84d to 13d. Slieepskins sold briskly at a decline of about a farthing per lb. on last week's rates. A very large amount of tallow was offered on Friday, but as thero was a good export demand prices wero well sustained, and in somo instances a slight advance was obtained for ( shipping parcels, Good mutton tallow brought 341 to 35115s : inferior, 311 15s to 32! Ids ; prime rendered beef, 351; good boiling, 33! to 34! 10s : medium, 301 to 32! 10s. The hide market exhibited no ohnnge. and all offered were taken by the trade at late rntes —yearlings sold at 2s lid to 7s 6d ; horso hides, 2s Od to 5s 3d; calfskins. 1b to 4s 6d. IIollowat's Pills. — Dismiss your doubts. — Let no ono be longor oppressed with the notion that his malady is incurable till these purifying pills have had a fair trial. When ordinary preparations havo failed, theso pills havo been used with tho most marked success. A course of this admirable medicine clears tho blood from nil impurities nnd improves its quality. The whole system is thus bonefited through tho usual channels, without re duction of strength, shock to the nerves, or any other inconvenience : in fact, health is renewed by natural means. For curing disoases of the throat, windpipe, and chest, these pills have pre eminently established a world-wide fame, andin complaints of tlio stomach, liver, and kidneys, they arc equally efficacious. 