AN ECLIPSE OF THE SUN. BY PETER 'POSSUM. "If you're waking, call me early, call me early, Bridget dear," was my poetical appeal last night to my Hibernian handmaiden; and Bridget, for a wonder, chancing to wake before 7, I was called in time to see "The sunlight sheathed and gently charmed, Of all its sparkling rays disarmed, And as in slumber laid." Calling to mind how often I had been "in slumber laid" at the unsheathing of his light, I hardly liked to look the sun in the face before his obscuration. It seemedl so ridiculous in me, so rude to him, to be getting up at that un- seasonable hour not to see him. An eclipse of the sun is a rare phenomenon, but so to most of us is his rising. I am almost aahamed to say that, in the whole course of my life, I have only once witnessed his levee. I was sleeping on the deck of the little Vivid — darting through the calm summer waters from Calais to Dover, swift and graceful as a mackerel — when I was roused by the gruff old steersman with a "Look at that, sir! It's a sight, I'm thinking, you don't often see." The eastern sky was mottled with a mantling red, recalling the sweet old world myth of the rose-sprinkling hours. The bridegroom was about to come forth from his chamber. A segment of the golden disc was just above the waves, and as it ascended in kingly stateliness, "unhasting, unresting," majesty, its dazzling glory, shooting horizontally along the sea, turned the water into blushing wine — as though in sacramental memory of the "beginning of miracles" wrought by the trans- muter's sacred Antitype, the Sun of Righteous- ness — itself an emblem of the enriching change His mission was to work in the whole life of man. The blush vanished, but myriad spangles glittered on the gentle heaving waves; and the wheeling sea-bird's wing, and here and there a streak of cloud — left, white and lonely as a lingering snow- wreath, on the deep-blue sky exchanged their spotless purity of hue for bur- nished brilliance. The cliffs on both sides of the channel — waking, as it seemed — drew back their veils of lavender mist, and smiled a sisterly "good morrow " to each other aoross the mirror that reflected their fair forms. And over all the sun glowed grandly beautiful, graciously sublime, as though it were the visible, all-see- ing eye of God. Like a Persian, I could have fallen down and worshiped. And yet a sight like this we might see almost every morning if we chose. "The science of an untutored age," says Ferrier, and the indolence of every age, add I, "passes by unheeded the ordinary appear- ance of nature; but our interest is easily aroused, our attention is readily enchained, by such mysterious portents as the earthquake and the eclipse. She is blind to the common and familiar phenomena of light; she is deaf to the common and familiar phenomena of sound; she has eyes only for the lightaing ; ears only for the thunder. She asks with eager curiosity— Quæ fulminis esset origo,— Jupiter, an venti, discussa nube tonarent ? But she leaves unquestioned the normal or every day presentments of the senses and the universe ; she pays the tribute of admiration to nature's exception far more promptly than to her ma- jestic rule." However, it is "nature's excep- tion," or rather widely revolving rule, with which we are now concerned. The chimney-tops and gables are brightening in the sunlight as I dress ; its red beams bronze the foliage above which they peer, and window panes flash out like laughing eyes. But when I reach my post of observation — a promontory towering high above the harbor — the sky is muffled up in clouds. A patch of watery orange in the east, faintly flecked with distant spars, alone points out the position of the sun. A sickly shimmer, a fading memory of light — the very ghost of dawn — plays on the leaden waters, wherein dark ships float motionless, circled with shadow. The city on the opposite shore, as its coverlet of mist is slowly relied aside, has a raw, dreary, half- wakened look. St. James' steeple, for a moment tipped with gold, points like a finger to the heavens ; but a huge chimney belches forth its smoke, and blots the momento of supernal things, with an infernal eagerness, from the view—meet type of the influences of foul and busy city life. Groups, silent and awe- struck, like those Defoe has painted in bis " History of the Plague," stand looking up into the sky. Suddenly a gloom spreads through the air like ink dropped into water. The out- cropping rocks beneath me put on a sterner frown. The forge fire yonder blossoms into ruddy glow like a gigantic rhododendron flower. The church bell ringing for morning prayers tolls dismal as a knell. The workman ceases from his labor, and stops his laugh and song. There is a wintry coldness in the whispering wind. And then — "at one stride comes the dark." The sea turns livid — ghastly blue as the face of a colera victim. Houses and trees dis- charge their color, and crouch unseen beneath the pall of blackness, with lurid fringe of tawny dusk, that hangs over earth and hides the heaven. Gradually, like the look of life return- ing to the face of one who has fainted, light steals again over land and sea; grows momen- tarily brighter, and yet more bright. Nature has recovered from her syncope, and scores of cocks with their shrill clarions trumpet the ad- vent of the second dawn. ––––♦–––– SIZE OF THE STARS.— How large are the stars and are they alike, or do they differ in size ? It used to be conjectured, that they are of some what similar magnitude, presumably about as great as our sun, and that the differences of ap- parent size are due to differences of distance ; but when astronomers came to discover that some of the smaller stars are the nearest to our system, this idea fell to the ground. A German computer has now, however, calculated the actual dimensions of one particular star, and finds that its mass is rather more than three times that of the sun. The star in question is of less than the fourth magnitude — a compara- tively small one. What, then, must be the size of those of the Sirius and Aldebaran class ? The reason of its selection for this determination was, that it is one of the components of what is called a binary system — two stars revolving about each other like sun and planet — and the motions of the members of such a system afford data for the computation. The star's distance from us is a million and a quarter times that of the earth from the sun, so that light takes twenty years to travel hither from it. — Once a Week. REV. H. W. BEECHER ON PROHIBITION.— At a "grand mass meeting" of the Central Temperance Association, Brooklyn, New York, on the 7th of last February, the Rev. H. W. Beecher said:—" He was among them to join in the expression of the citizens of Brooklyn who had the public welfare at heart, in regard to the general policy whioh had been adopted, as he thought, with so much success, in refer- ence to the licensing of places for the sale of in- toxicating drinks. It was proper he should say that he thought the time must come — and once he thought it much nearer than it is now but the time must come when, for licensing, prohi- bition will be the principle and the practice. He thought there was no truth more susceptible of demonstration than the right of a community to prevent the making of crime in its midst. As facts show, the liquor-dealers are the godfathers ot crime; they are the manufacturers of mis- chief. He would not say that they intended it, or that they liked it; he simply said that it is the concomitant and inevitable effect of their business; and the community where the moral element in its midst is strong enough and wise enough, have a right to defend and protect its laws and the good order of its citizens, the safety of its young men and maidens, and every great interest, by the prohibition of such a monster traffic as is the traffic in intoxicating drinks. (Applause). But this was not within their reach, and they fell back upon prohibition, not as the best thing to be done, but in the light of a regulating or palliating measure. And he thought it might be laid down as sound judg- ment that any measure that carried with it the approbation of the worst men in the community was a bad measure, while any system that aroused an outcry from this class of men had their testimony that it was good. When he preached upon the subject of sin, he liked to see great sinners squirm ; and when legislatures had under consideration injurious and detrimen- tal measures, he liked to see them squirm also. But there was one thing in connection with this thing, which was, that it mast be discussed by many men in a purely party, political spirit. There was not a day laborer in the city who had not a pecuniary and personal interest in the preservation of virtue in the community, and wherever a place was opened that tended to take away the tone of the community, there was established substantially a tax-gatherer, where men being injured and lowered, business was in a corresponding manner lessened and lowered. And the use of intoxicating drinks tended to take away the solid foundations of business itself. But it was not in his heart to injure any man because the man was in a bad business, unless it was necessary for his own protection that he should interfere with him ; but we wanted to keep the mischief away from children, from the community at large; and if these men who are in this business are in the way of such protection, they must not be sur- prised if they were roughly handled. The people were attempting to make Brooklyn not only a populous city, but a peaceful city; to make it to that when people came there they might not say that Brooklyn was a paradise of ministers or an Eden of Churches, but a moral and order-loving community; and this might be done by extending and developing the moral agencies — the churches, the schools and the newspapers. All the vices radiated from the use of intoxicating drinks, and if that were abated they would do away with nine-tenths of all other mischiefs. Sometimes he wondered how people could look into their looking-glasses without blushing, to see how they lived, how cowardly they were; to see how many men had lived for years without finding out what was necessary to their well-being, what were their rights, and in what respect they omitted to assert them; to see how many persons lived in the community without lifting a hand against those evils which were doing such great harm to society; without even throwing their vote, which was God's javelin ia the hand of a Re- publican, to kill the devil with. In the name of all that was right and just, and humane, and dear to the people, let them declare against this iniquity of rum, and all that was connected or associated with it. And if those who were law makers sacrificed us, and opposed the wishes of the best portion of the community, on their heads be it. We would go again into the field, and battle with them as long as there was a principle left to fight for. Not with our consent should our citizens be destroyed : but by our just and steady influence we would seek to lift up the poor man, to save and help the indus- trious, and save our children from the degrada- tion which results from the flowing of alcoholic liquors in the community." THE Phototype, of London (Ontario), gives the following advice to tradesmen and others having goods to dispose of, and we know some who have followed it, and can speak from ex- perience of its truth and soundness:—" Don't Advertise.—Don't advertise ; it is a very bad plan. It will call attention to your place of business, and it is much better for people who wish to trade with you to hunt you up. It gives your customers exercise and makes them healthy. Besides, if you advertise somebody will buy up some of your goods, and then you will have to get more, and it will be a great bother to you." A VISITOR at the Paris Exposition, desirous of ascertaining what was the relative price of dif- ferent joints of mutton in the Paris market, asked a well-known resturateur, "what is the prime joint?" He said, "the prime joint, be- yond all comparison, is the neck." "What is the next joint?" "The loin." "What is your lowest priced joint ?" The reply was, "The leg." The fact is, the small cutlet and the large cutlet, that is to say, the neck and the loin, require very little fuel to cook them, whereas the leg of mutton requires a great deal of fuel. On the continent fuel is very dear, and therefore joints vary in price according to the value of the fuel, consequently you will there find necks and loins dear, and legs cheap. THE Parisian snail-vendor is a curious sight He trundles through the street a large, shallow hand-cart, covered with snails clawling all over it. A dozen can be purchased for the small sum of two sous; you can select them yourself, and carry them away in a paper bag. Some people eat them raw, like oysters; other roast them with savory herbs. The best snails come from Burgundy in the autumn, and are fattened on the vine leaves. The ordinary kind are gathered in every ditch outside the city, the several ceme- teries yielding the largest supplies. A WRITER in a recent number of the Galaxy does not approve of pronouncing the words either and neither by giving the first syllable the sound of i. He remarks that "the analogically correct pronunciation of these words is what we call the Irish one, ayther and nayther: the dip- thong having the sound it has in a large family of words in whioh the dipthong ie is the em- phasized vowel sound — weight, freight, deign, vein, obeisance, etc. But ayther and nayther, being antiquated and Irish, analogy and the best usage require the common pronunciation eether and neether. For the pronunciation i-ther and ni-ther, with the i long, which is sometimes heard, there is not the authority either of an- alogy or the best speakers. It is an affectation, and, in this country, a copy of a second-rate British affectation. Persons of the best educa- tion and of the highest social position in Eng- land say eether and neether." A RESIDENT of Detroit has conceived the idea of making the perilous passage over the Falls of Niagara in an Indian rubber life-boat ef peculiar construction. A contract for building the boat has been let to the Goodyear Rubber Company for £200. The boat will be an oblong, with a mean diameter of eight feet, six inches thick at the top and sides, and three feet thick at the bottom. A shaft of the same material will ex- tend from side to side in the centre, on which will be swung on a pivot a seat, to which the adventurous occupant will be fastened. Opening at the top will be an aperture sufficiently large for him to get inside, after which it will be filled with air and closed up. It is calculated that sufficient air can be retained to sustain life about twenty minutes. A small cable will be attached to the ball by which it will be towed after the descent shall have been made, for which purpose parties will be stationed below the falls. The model of this novel craft is now in Detroit, and there is no doubt that the attempt to carry this startling project into execution will be made during the present season. THE following "marriage maxims" are worthy of more than a hasty reading. Gentlemen need not pass them by, for they are designed for wives ; and ladies should not despise them, for they are addressed to husbands: The very nearest approach to domestic felicity on earth is in the mutual cultivation of an absolute unsel- fishness. Never talk at one another either alone or in company. Never both manifest anger at once. Never speak loud to one another, unless the house is on fire. Never reflect on a past action, which was done with a good motive and with the best judgment at the time. Let each one strive to yield oftenest to the wishes of the other. Let self-obligation be the daily aim and effort of each. Never find fault, unless it is perfectly certain that a fault has been committed ; and then always speak lovingly. Never taunt with a past mistake. Neglect the whole world besides rather than one another. Never allow a request to be repeated. Never make a remark at the expense of the other; it is a meanness. Never part for a day without loving words to think of during absence. STRANGE DISAPPEARANCE — A young Oxford student, looking forward, it seems, to eminence in the Church, and distinction as a theologian, vanished suddenly from amongst his friends, and the course he had taken defied at once all search and conjecture. Almost simultaneously with the departure of the Oxford scholar was the advent of a daring corsair on the Mediterranean, who swept the waves like a falcon, plundered ships of all nations, and piled up immense wealth in a small barren island, which he made his nest. Here he associated more or less freely with his followers, leaving them occasionally for the company of a lady whom he had made the partner of his wild life. When be had fulfilled the object for which he became a sea-rover, the lady having died, the rock was left untenanted, the pirates dispersed. Not long after, the student reappeared at his university, applied himself as before to study, and entering the Church, gradually rose to its highest honors, and died Archbishop of York.—"Disappearances," in Chambers' Journal. MANAGEMENT OF A FIRE IN A SICK ROOM.— Perhaps there are few things more difficult to manage during the long hours of the night, so as not to annoy the sleeper, than a small bed- room fire. Not to allow it to get too large, nor to go out, nor to smoke, nor to cause a noise, requires real skill on the part of the watcher. The best way is to make up the fire before night, and to rake the coals together, so as to keep burning a long while. To stir up a fire into a blaze the last thing is most manifestly unwise, the desire of the nurse being to have as little to do in replenishing it as possible. But to throw on coals, however gently done, must risk awakening the sleeper; and therefore as a supply of fuel is necessary, it is well that the nurse should prepare herself for feeding the fire with her own hands. Let her keep a pair of old gloves by her side, that her fingers may not be blackened (those fingers which are to administer food and medicine); and having provided herself the last thing with a scuttle of small knobby coals, let her put in these noiselessly as the fire burns hollow. In this way stirring or re-lighting the fire will not often be needed; but wood and paper and matches should always be at hand ready for use; nothing is so bad as to have to seek for necessaries just at the moment they are wanted for the patient's comfort. Forethought is requisite for sparing him all inconvenience and delay.— Golden Hours. TEA IN JAPAN.— Tea is a simple infusion of the leaves in boiling water, not a decoction, as with us. The water is poured on, and the delicate flavor is drank off while it remains delicate and delicious. Thus the nerves of the Japanese are spared what ours suffer. No steeped tea is tolerated in the tea-countries.— " Life in Great Cities," in Putnam's Magazine. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. — DISCOVERY OF QUICK- SILVER. —A letter from Wentworth states that quicksilver is procurable in quantity near that town, and that the finder is en route for Adelaide with a view to have the value of the discovery inquired into. PHOTOGRAPHY IN WAR.— A correspondent with the Abyssinian army says : "I saw a few hours ago an example of how the advances in our most peaceful arts may be made to con- tribute to the science of war. Formerly, when a plan of a country was drawn, if required to be rapidly used, the original could only be em- ployed, as it took much time to copy it accu- rately. With this army is a special apparatus, in the hands of the engineers, which, in a short time, can photograph twenty- five, or if necessary more, copies of the first sketch. One of these is given to each commander of a brigade or regiment before marching ; so that, though the country is destitute of signposts, he can, with its assistance, hardly miss his way." 