[ THE GHOST IN THE LIGHT-HOUSE. ] bei Those? who have visited Fortress Monroe that great bulwark which preserved to the burn the control of the tide-waiters of Vir guns and Mary land during the late civil war have doubtless noticed an old brick light house, standing just in front of the water hatter y, and not over a handled yards from the wharf For years it had stood there, answering back, with its steady lays, the bright, cheerful flashes from the light on Cape Charles, md guiding the sea men in from the dangerous ocean, to the calm and snug anchorage of Hampton Roads It is also by plum tower, behind sixty feet in height, with an ordinary old fashioned lantern and the only changes made in it since its election have consists In givings, from time to time fresh coals of winton ash Looking at it, you would never think that it could have a story connected with, it And yet it was the scene of a regular ghost story, which was, for the tune, about us dreadful and rays lessons its tin) thing could be About six years before the war, the light house was kept by a widow woman, who had been reduced from wealth to poverty, by a sad liam of circumstances, and who had secured The pittance afforded by the position through the influence of the others of the gniuson,mid a number of the gently hung in the neighborhood and in Hampton The duties of the situation work performed by hot son-a lad of six t son of eighteen whose promptness and faithfulness won him the piano of uUconnoctcdyvith the post, so that such great satisfaction was given that She Lane-us we shall call her for present. Chesswas continued in her place for two successive Administrations , a thing almost unheard of in the United States Ilia month of March is cold and blustering ox as a whole, but especially) so at Old Point Com fail, as the garrison of for li ess Momoo can well testify, for, during that month, they are x visited with many fearful storms, which sweep over the narrow Band neck with such violence that it almost seems as if the massive fort itself would be blown over into the water On cold, raw night in Mut oh, in the year 1850, Mrs Lane was sitting before her Ino, dozing, when she was aroused by a loud knock ing at the door Opening it, she found one of the guard at the long standing before it. "What is the matter ? ' she asked, in surprise The ItimpB have gone out in the light house," replied the soldier 'Luis mug towards the shore, the window saw that the man's statement xy ub line Old Point Light no longer yarded the mm most of the dangers the coast, and the wind wits blow ing a pea lect hut i teams "Dont me' she exclaimed, in distress, " what shall I do ' Dick is over at Hampton, and will not be back to night, and I am that day able to stand against this wind " "If you will got the materials for teaching (the light, ' Bind the man, I will go down with you, and help you " Thanking him, the widely soon wrapped her self comfortably in shawl and hood, and started for the Ililli house She had in hind time str juggling against the wind , but, with the aid of the soldier, at last reached the town They entered, and were about to ascend the long flight of winding slope which led to the Knitting, when they heard of Bay range sound which made them pause 'tramp, tramp, tramp The sound came heavy and dull From the top of the tower, like some one slowly and heavily descending the stops " Mercy on me '" ci led the yx blow "Some one is in the lantern " Who are you and what are you doing to them ? ' ei ted the soldier 'there was a pause in the sound and then a wild, hollow voice rang through the tower, ' Woe, woe to the ships 1 woe to the ships 1 ' 'Iho Bothe and the widow xx failed to hear no more , but in another incident found themselves on the beach at the foot of the town he is forty minutes a dark figure issued from the door way, and moved slowly down the beach, milk it dump nun ed in the darkness Aguirdxvna summoned from the soil, and the light house examined No one was discovered but it was found that the lights had been put out by having the extinguishers placed carefully over Britain, thus showing that it could not have been the work of the wind, as was at li mt suppose 1 It was a strange tiHuir and the story of Mrs. Lane and the soldier made it still ittoiusiugulitt Extinguishing the lamps, in a light house, with out proper insidiously, 13 a continued silence and li toward wish immediately offered for the point of this cause The next night, the commandant of the fort Blilioncd a sentinel near the town to watch if any one should at tempt to order it, and to most of the upon whoever should do so I It was dark night, and the wind was howling wrathfully na 033 the hut) and along the Heads loxvaulB ton o'clock, in fierce, shrill blast Bli lick the Point, and dashed a quantity of sand into the sentinel of open, completely blinding him for the time When he recovered the use of them again, he glanced at the tower, and, to his dismay, found that it was in total dut Itncaa He had been unable to bed for about Um space of five minutes, but, previous to that, he vase sure no one had ordered the lighthouse He Inn ned to the towel and entering if, sprang up the stairs, gun in hand He paused The footfalls the widow had diseased were heard again in a moment, in tall figure was soon descending the stops He sprang towards it, but a powerful hand dashed him aside and a wild voice rang through the tower, "Woo, woo to the ships ' ' Still undismayed, the soldier hurried down the steps, and when he reached the beach with out, he saw the figure disappearing in (the dark nests Instantly he raised his gun and tied the report of the sentinel a musket brought the guard, with torches and lanterns the beach was searched, but no one could be found The excitement in and around the fort was intense the next day The commandant avowed his determination to discover and capture the culprit, if it took the whole garrison to do it. It was the strangest affair But bad oxer line opened at Old Point, and the superstition and curiosity of the inhabitants of the little poem eula were excited to the highest pitch During the day, Jack Ijano, who felt that his credit and por Imps Ina mother's occupancy of her position were al Btuko, waited on the commandant, and asked permission to x inch the light house alone that no Jit He said he would arm himself, and take his position in thornless, and would promise that the light should not be extinguished again 'The permission was granted, but the commandant gave orders to have a guard of five men kept in readiness, just outside of the fort, to proceed to Dick s assist and as, soon as they should hear the report of his pistol The night was as wild as either of the others, but Dick took his post in the lantern, under moved, and prepared to await the coming of the ghost About ten o'clock, he began to be sleepy, but was at length aroused from this state by the sound of her footfalls on the stairs He listened The sound came nearer, and then he heard a wild, mournful voice, crying, " Woe, woe to the ships '" For a moment the lad felt his blood run cold , but summoning up his courage, he prepared himself for the encounter A tall, muscular figure, clad in a faded blue uniform, with a haggard face, overgrown with ob li beard, and with long matted hair, entered the lighthouse lantern. As it saw the lad, it glared at him savagely, and then sprang towards him with a bowl of rage. Dick raised his pistol and fired, but missed his aim. In another in- stant the figure seized him by the throat. The boy struggled manfully j but he was no match for the powerful strength of his strange antagonist. He was forced to the floor I and the grips about his throat tightened, until he grew unconscious. When he recovered his senses, he was lying on the beach, and the commandant of the fort throwing water in his face. Springing to his feet, he asked, hurriedly, " Are the lights burn- ing ?" " Yes, my lad," said the commandant. " You have kept your promise nobly ; though it was near being fatal to you." Dick learnt that his pistol-shot had been heard by the guard; who had hastened to his assistance, 'they had arrived just in time to save him from death at the hands of the ghost, who was secured after a desperate struggle with. him. The mysterious personage proved to be deranged soldier, who had escaped from the hospital at the fort. In his madness he had been seized with a violent desire to put out the lamps in the light-house. He was sent to a lunatic asylum ; and, after that, Old Pointlighfc was never more extinguished a and the light- house was never again haunted by the presence of a ghost. The Power of Love Who has not felt that tender emotion called love-that soft feeling which assumes so many forms, and exercises such powerful sway over the human heart? Pure love is one of the brightest ornaments of the book is one of the good principles implanted in man by his Creator, and retained after his full in the Garden of Paradise. "What makes the mother press to her bosom her tender infant, and feel so anxious for its safety and comfort? And when sickness proslratOB its tiny frame, why do the tears below her cheeks, as with angelic tenderness she watches by the cradle ? And in after years when the scene is changed, when the one has become the nurse, supports and comforts the aged parent, who, in. second childhood, is an infant, what makes that task so sweet? When Relentless death has cleft in twain the hotels which were as one, what power forbids, us stay the bleeding wound, when the remedy must be bought at the price of forgot fulness of the departed spirit? 'Pis ruling power of love. Love also it is which binds together the members of the family, and with content makes even this earthly life a measure of tranquil bliss. Hull! sweet content, xxliorojoy someone hills The rails hotel's lliuullluil scene ; Shines lovely In the cheerful nice, And clothes. each charm will niillx'O grace A vestment for a fail to wear ! A refined and lender nature must have some onoorsomothingon which to centre his affections; and how often is this feeling bestowed on a dog, cut, or even loss worthy objects. How forlorn is our lot whole cast in a strange country, far from father, mother, brother, sister, or friend, we feel all alone in the world, having no one to love, or be loved by, to share in our pleasures, or console us when in grief. Lore also acts an important part in deciding our eternal lot. " Thou shall love the Lord thy God." If we love not God we forget his tender mercies, and set at naught his Baorcd claims and taxes. If love hold but half its rightful powers on earth below, what a Paradise would it be. Genius is lord of the world. lion labor at the foundation of society, while the lowly lurk, unseen and little prized, sits, hard by, in his nest on the earth, gathering strength to bear his sons up to the sun. Slowly rise basement and monumental aisle, column and architrave, dome and lofty tower I and when the cloud piercing spire 23 burnished with gold, and the fabric stands perfect and wondrous, up springs the forgotten Park, will airy school, to the pinnacle, and standing passed and in wondering on his giddy perch, he pours out his celestial member till his bright footing trembles with harmony. And when the song is done, and mounting thence, he soars away to HU his 01 haunted heart at the fountains of the sun, the dxvolloi'B in the towers below look up the glided spire und shout-not to the burnished shaft, but to the Park-road from it in the Blty. JiMi. A man's house should be on the hill top of cheerfulness and serenity, so high that no shadows rest upon it, and where the morning comes so early, and the evening carries so late, that the day lins twice as many golden hours as those of other men. He is to be pitied whose house is in some valley of grief between the hill, with the longest night and the shortest day. Home should be the centre of joy, equatorial and tropical. Henry Ward 'Beecher. Parcntaii itiisi'OKSiuiWTV.-Tho father moulds the head ; the mother the heart; the rather appeals to the understandings The mother to the nU'eel tons ; the father prepares for time; The mother for eternity. Happy the children who heed the wise teachings of both. A Jual' JC.xti'nion.-There is a story told of the JCiiiporor Henry IV., of' Germany, going once into a church where a remarkably ugly looking priest officiated ; so ugly was he that the emperor wondered within himself whether Clod could possibly accept services rendered by bo ill-favoured a miniatures. The imperial medi- tations were, however, interrupted by the priest's boy mumbling, almost unintelligible, the vesicle, Julie not federal, el non suit and (it is He that hath made us, not we ourselves) ; whereupon the priest reproved the Acolyte for his indistinct and defective enunciation, and repeated himself in a clear' and sonorous voice the Psalmist's words, which the Emperor took us a real, if un- designed, rebuke to his own uncharitable thought I be when the service was ended, he made himself known to the priest, on whom, some time afterwards, he conferred the honors of the mitre and crozier. It would, perhaps, be impossible to overestimate the importance of example, for while precepts are often no sooner heard than forgotten by children, example is constantly leaving impression on the mind for good or evil im- pressions which of necessity go far to form the character and habits of the future man or woman. On this subject Dr. Brigham Baj's : " Example is also of great importance in the education of children, in consequence of their natural propensity to imitation. The influence of this strong propensity is not sufficiently attended to by runabouts and teachers. Dugald Stewart has variably treated this subject, and shown its great importance in education. Not only should the propensity of the youth to imi- tation be regarded in teaching ' accomplishments and everything connected with grace,' but as forming the moral character also. Every person. knows that the imitation of any expression strongly marked by the countenance and gestures of another person, has a tendency to excite in some degree the corresponding passion, in our own mind ; and when it is considered. how prone children are to imitation, we shall feel the importance of habitually exhibiting, both in looks and actions, only such feelings 03 wo w'ibIi there to possess. Parents who are constantly manifesting fretful and unhappy dispositions will do much towards producing like dispositions in their children. From these, observations, those who have the care of educating children cannot fail to see the importance of the examples they set them ; they will also reflect, that whatever is inculcated upon children by precept, is of trifling consequence, compared with that which they learn by example and if they wish to have their children possess a spirit of benevolence, kindness, or humility, they must cherish and cultivate) these virtues in themselves, and be particularly care ful not to let any contradiction exists between their expressed opinions of the value of those dispositions and their own habitual conduct. On trees in their living state are the only things that money cannot command. Rivers , 1 . lay _ late Selina, and transfers leave their beds, run into cities, and traverse mountains for it is obelisks and arches, palaces and temples, amphitheatres and pyramids, rise up like exhalations at its bidding even the free spirit of man, the only great thing on earth, crouches and cowers in its presence is but it passes away and vanishes before venerable Pooh men are apt to fare badly everywhere It is a blessed thing to live in a land of plenty if you TRATE plenty of land. 