ROUGH NOTES OF THE WEEK. By Candid. [From Monday's Register. 1 The promisedlneethig of Parliament at tlie end of July has set politicians to work think ing and prognosticating as to the coming session, the policy of the Ministry, and the measures to be dealt with by the Legislature Of course there have been lots of Cabinet Councils held. But the Ministry " at home," as these Councils may be called, are not easily got at except by Home himself or some other spiritualist of that stamp. At the same time, however, as very contradictory statements have gone forth as to the conversations which take place at these Councils, I subjoin an extract from a special report which has been forwarded on the subject, though I can't believe for my own part that such non sense is ever talked :— Cabinet Council. rBy the Invisible Reporter. I Chief Sec.—We\\\, yes, as you were saying, Santo, so it is— The weather's very fine, and, what is more, the light blue clouds Forebode a pleasant rain to all of us. [As this is supposed to be a joke, the reader must laugh..] C.G. Lands.—"A pleasant rain!" Ha! ha! such heavy wit Reminds me of the heavy wet, so now let's liquor. [This seems to be the usual way in Cabinet Councils of saying, "now lets drink.'' But I was never present but once in my life, and then J knoio the proceedings were extremely dry.] Treasurer.— Forbear, good Clyde, to waste our precious time. The great affairs of State must be proceeded with. And first the item "Juniorclerks" that hath so swoll'n the Civil List, f This shows the Invisible Reporter's knowledge of public uuasures.] Besides the auction system now embodied in the Constitution Act; All these are matters of the last importance. Therefore, I say of drink—yam satis. IThis is also a joke, and must be always made at least once in connection with the Treasurer's name.] Alt -General.—Well, law and Latin are the things I love. But what is that good Reynolds says about the jam? [Another joke coming. | Chief (Sec.—Why, jam or jambe, you know, is French for leg: And satis, as you're well aware, means "quite enough." Therefore, the meaning of the Treasurer is— That ne'er before did Ministry possess Sucb excellent legs to stand upon \Ha! ha!] C. P. Works.—Co 'long! why jamb's the name of that Part of a doorway at the side; And now—to speak of door--'tis time to go, For three excited deputations on A narrow crossing have arrived; And, hark! I hear the voice of Strangways in the yard. | Exeunt homines. The foregoing is about one-twentieth part of what the Invisible Reporter sent, but it is all equally dull and pointless ; though the Ministerial fear of Strangways, with his lex talionis, conies in very dramatically at the end. The Invisible Reporter, however, is a little more near the mark, perhaps, with a report which he sends of the proposed Opening Address. It is as follows :— "Honourable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council and Gentlemen of the House of Assembly— "The attempted assassination of His Royal " Highness the Dulce of Edinburgh—a matter which you have doubtless heard of—has, during the recess, received much attention at the hands of the Government, who, with the view of increasing the protection of Her Majesty's subjects in this pro vince, have reduced the strength of the volunteer force; whilst they have also assisted the Govern ment of Hew South Wales in establishing for the future a good and permanent watch (presented by Mr. Davis). "I am glad to announce also that the seasonable rains with which the colony has recently been visited give promise of an abundant harvest, and that in the meantime the farmers feel a great revival of spirits from a perusal of the evidence taken by the Commission on Diseases in Cereals where it is plainly shown that the true remedy for rust is to remove and manufacture some portion of the large deposits of iron which lie scattered through the country. "Measures will therefore be submitted to you offering a bonus for the construction of a new bridge for the Murray, and for dividing the im ported bridge into 36 parts—one for each of the electoral districts. By this amicable arrangement there will be no necessity for casting lots ou the part of the districts themselves; whilst, in the event of colonial iron-works being established, it will be for them to cast lots; and I sincerely hope that their enterprise will he crowned with success. "It is with much p'easure I announce that the bakeis have reduced the price of bread, and that meat is only three farthings a pound. "Gestlemen of the House of Assembly— "I have called you together at this somewhat late period of the year from a desire to save you from unnecessary exposure to the cold winds and rains of the months of June and July. " Your health, too, will be further considered by the introduction of a Medical Bill. "A Bill will also he submitted to you for abolishing the Court of Appeals, on account of the frequent sitting of that Court interfering with the business of the Supreme Court. " Numerous measures of retrenchment will he laid before you, including a Bill to amend the Civil List and reduce the salaries of responsible Ministers. "Anew Land Bill is in preparation, but as the Ministry are not likely to agree about the details, the opinion of the Assembly will he obtained as early as possible. " The important question of adj usting the various inequalities of the tariff is felt by the Ministry to be a matter which requires attention, and no doubt it will receive the attention which it requires. "A scheme for disbursing the balance of the Northern Territory Fund will also be brought forward, and will no doubt be found satisfactory to those who get the money. " The Estimates, which at an early date will be laid before the Assembly, will on this occasion he prepared with a due regard to economy and the inefficiency of the public service. "Honourable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council and Gentlemen of the House of ii SSEMBLY— '' As nothing has occurred to disturb our relations with Foreigu States, continued peace may be looked for, and therefore the Government have seen the wisdom of dispensing with the services of their Artillery Drill-Instructor. " The treaty with King Thakombau will in all probability not injure the commerce of this country; and the visit of the Japanese Ambassadors will, I hope, result in continued importations of chow chow and butterflies. " I now declare this Parliament to be opened." W hetiier tlie invisible Reporter lias made any approach to the truth or not, the fore going document will help members of Parlia ment to get over the time between this and the end of the month. Mr. Strangways, indeed, has already been rehearsing his part most vigorously, and has given some striking prima facie evidence of his skill in opposition. It is true he has had to pay a small fine for the indulgence ; but he has risen in public estimation through the noble defence which he made before the Court, when he asked how women were to be protected if men were not allowed to use their fists when insulted? But alas ! "the days of chivalry are gone." The Magistrate was deaf to the claims of knight-errantry, and Mr. Strang ways had to pay 20s. for having dared to resent an insult. But his appeal on behalf of the fair sex will live when Bruce and Beddome are forgotten. In the meantime, the Bard of Rundle-street exclaims with one Moore— O for the swords of former time; O for the men who bore them, When armed for fight they stood sublime, And damsels knelt before them. But Yalsur now so seldom wakes, The only throb he gives Is when some learned counsel breaks The law by which he lives. It seems that in the language of the Insolvency Court, "adjourned sine die" means imprisonment for life. A t all events, in the case of a man named Kelly, who has been in gaol fourteen months, and who might remain there " till doomsday," as Mr. Justice GWynne says, it has been necessary for the lawyers to proceed on habeas corjms in order to obtain his release ; yet nobody can say why he has been kept in custody. His case was " adjourned sine die," and then he was supposed to be still in charge of the Official Assignee, so he lapsed hack into gaol as a matter of course. But nobody comes forward to oppose his release, and nobody justifies his fourteen months' im prisonment. 'He might Just as easily, it seems, have walked off as have walked down, to the gaol— " He is only a prisoner whom nobody owns." It is possible, of course, that he is rather fond of his lodgings, and that like the old Fleet prisoner, who was horrified at being one night " nearly shut out," he is more comfortable inside of the gaol than he would be outside. But even under this aspect of the case somebody ought to be responsible for the imprisonment, lest in these dull times the public should begin to abuse the hospitality of the Thebarton boarding house. "A word and a blow" seems to be the policy of the Port Adelaide Corporation in dealing with its officers. At the last meeting of that body one member proposed, and another seconded, " that the services of the Town Clerk be dispensed with from this date and though an amendment was then moved that the matter be adjourned, in order that reasons might be stated and re plied to, the original resolution was carried by the casting-vote of the Mayor. This is not only short and sharp, but, according to the report, the charges against the Town" Clerk were rather vague. He was believed to have told somebody something that was told to somebody else about the boundaries of the Port, so that errors arose in the pay ment of the rates ; and then too, according to his own account, one of the charges against him was that having met Mr. Wald (a Councillor) at Dr. Gething's, he had failed "to wish him goodnight." He, however, denies that this breach of etiquette was intentional, and seems to think it hard that his occupancy of office should depend upon a mere nod. It appears, too, that after the Mayor had given his casting-vote he began to remember that a little consideration would not have been out of place; for he stated that "he had proved that one of the reports against the Town Clerk—that of having told Mr. Bounsevell he was not liable to pay rates for the railway goods shed—was unfounded." This afterthought reminds one of Jedburgh justice—"first sentencing the prisoner, and then hearing the evidence against him." A correspondent draws attention to the case reported in the papers of a bus- driver on the Bay-road being fined for drunkenness and careless driving. But it seems that he was not the usual driver, hut a supernumerary whom the employers had "put on" during a press of business, so that it would not be a bad plan to fine the proprietors, in order to make them a little careful. Another com plaint is that drivers on the Bay-road some times give up their reins to amateurs who are ambitious—without possessing the neces sary skill—of distinguishing themselves as whips; and that therefore the lives of the passengers are endangered. This is un doubtedly a sort of thing which requires looking after, and if the Passenger Con veyance Bill of last session had been passed there would have been some check on amateur driving. But in the meantime the bus people ought to be careful, and the drivers should be the right men in the right place. "None but the brave deserves the/are." says the poet, and besides being brave, they should also be steady and sober. The necessity of distinguishing this colony from Victoria by giving it some other name than South Australia is shown by the way in which the Times of May 9th publishes the Australian news about the Duke of Edin burgh. A long report of a meeting from South Australia reads on in the Melbourne correspondence just as though it had no con nection at all with Adelaide. Of course, any thing startling, such as discovering a rich gold-field, or " striking ile," would soon bring the "eyes of Europe" upon us. But, in the meantime, why not go in for a change of name, as Queensland and Tasmania have suc cessfully done? If " South Australia" gets mistaken for the shop over the way, let us have a new signboard. The "colony of Adelaide" is about the best change that has been suggested. "Whilst the playgoing public are delighted —not to say "enthralled," "enchanted," and "fascinated"—with Mr. Montgomery's acting, Mrs. Grundy (who wrote last week about the Government clerks) can't under stand—after reading play bills, extracts, and reports—how it is that one actor in a Theatre can do everything without assistance. She says :— " Well, lawks a massey! what a change at these antipogrs. That Mr. Coppin—wich we know he's oil us got some plan— Can make along wi' plays, and likewise sceneries, Out of that Mr. 'Gome.y—a werry clever man! Why goodness, gracious me! when I saw Ambulet Wi' my old man (wich he was a dear kind husband) at the Vic., There were a men jus lot o' actors—one was Capulet— Leastways I think so, or, at all ewents, his real name was Brick; An' then, also, there was Oratio, likewise King and Queen, Wi' sweet Opheelyer and a dozen rnnf&a;'most. An' not forgettiu' that old gent what's killed behind tlie scene, With likewise comic Gravedigger, an' also comic Ghost. But, dearie me! things have so gone a swimmin', That now you don't want actresses nor actors— only one— An' he can do for all, both men and wimmin'. For, besides abein7 a star, he's moon, an' stars, an' sun." Mrs. Grundy evidently thinks that "one swallow doesn't make a summer." But what of that ? One good playactor is surely better than none. Turning to a very different topic, I am astonished to hear of " rival Bible Societies." Why, we shall be told next of rival Chris tianities. It seems that the Committee of the old and well-known Branch Society have caused the resignation of their Secretary after 14 years' gratuitous services, because he has also become the Secretary of a younger Society which is in favour of a revised translation. This Society they con sider to he a riraPAssociation; so in the true spirit of "110 connection with the other shop," they pass strong resolutions con demning the Secretary, though, strange to say, they do not appear to have objected to members themselves belong ing to both Societies. Well, the poor Bible must be in a precarious state if it re quires to be protected by such action as this. The objection to the Secretary, however, seems to he quite of a piece with the objec tion made some time ago to the Chief Justice as President of the same Society. 