SHIPPING NEWS. ARRIVED. Saturday, November 28. ROYAL SHEPHERD, steamer, 244 tons, i±. "Ward, master, from Port Augusta and "Wal laroo. J.Darwent, Town; J. Newman and Son, Port, agents. Passengers—Messrs.- Mil dred and servant, and Miss Macrith, in the cabin; and 33 in thee steerage. Cargo—547. bales wool, 57 casks tallow, Stilling and Co. ; j 611 pigs copper, Yudanamutana Mining Com-! pany;69 do. do., Spring Creek Mining Com pany. Sundat, November 29. FREEBRIDGE, schooner, 90 tons, H. jl Smidt, master, from Streaky Bay., Cargo—; wool. CYNTHIA, schooner, 65 tons, C. Heath, master, from Yorke's Peninsula. Cargo—100 bales wool, Anstey and Giles. CLEARED. Saturday, November 28. WILLIAM, schooner, 180 tons, P. Dickson, . master, for Brisbane. No passengers. ; KANGAROO, schooner, 60 tons, T. Cheese-1 man, master, for Port MacDonnell. CRINOLINE, schooner, 63 tons, J. McDonald, master, for Coffin's Bay. - - ' ADELAIDE, schooner-, 70 tons, 6. Colman, master, for "Wallaroo and Moonta Bays. PHCEBE, barge, 30 tons, J. P. Holmer, master, for Port "Wakefield. EXPORTS. - WILLIAM, for Brisbane—245 tons flour, 16 do. bran, J. Hart and Co. Nov. ' SAILED. 28—KANGAROO, schooner, for Port Mac • : Donnell. 23—CRINOLINE, schooner, for Coffin's Bay. 28—ADELAIDE, schooner, for Wallaroo and Moonta Bays. 28—PHCEBE, barge, for Port Wakefield. , - MISCELLANEOUS SHIPPING. V" The Sir Rorert Sale, having received on board her horses, hauled off to a stream berth to await a favorable tide for proceeding to sea; ' The Glen Osmond, from London, reached the anchorage on Saturday morning, having made the land to the southward of Kangaroo Island three days previously, but the light vrinds prevented her progress to her destination. .The vessel .looks as well as on previous voyages, and as each wool-ship turns up the immense Improvements of modern craft axe more and more apparent. That the traffic is also wonder fully increasing is proved by the fact that Cap tain Angel is now on his last voyage in the V Glen," and next year purposes bringing out a atill finer vessel to keep pace with the age. The Glen Osmond will also continue in the .trade under another commander, so that the Elder line will possess some very fine ships. Of •the present voyage Capt. Angel reports leaving | •London on August 29, but in consequence of light westerly winds she was not off the Lizard until September 4, when she .lay.'becalmed for two days—a most unusual occurrence in that latitude, rendered more surprising by numbers of. tropical fish (aibacore, sharks, and sword fish) being in the vicinity. However, on the Rth. she made a fair start with a favoring breeze, and in 30 ° N. fell into brisk trades, which ceased in 12 °, and for ten days only 400 miles were accounted for. On October 1, in 3® N., the South-East trades commenced, and on tbe 3rd crossed the Equinox, when tho vessel made several days good running at from 230 to 240 miles per diem. The • meridian of the Cape wss passed on 29fch October, and in 45 ® south a succession of gales was experienced till reaching the line of Cape Leuwin on 18th November, when the wind ■ veered to about north, and remained in that quarter till tbe Glen bad beaten up for. the land. After sight ing Cape Willoughby the first- slant of fair breezes was felt,' and the Gulf' was entered by ■way of Backstairs Passage. She was seen from the stations early on Saturday morning; her general appearance soon establishing her iden tity. When anchored there were friends from: the shore ready to welcome back some old colo-! nists who returned'by her.. The vessel being of a little, ever 17feet in draught, it was neces-: gary on Saturday to reduce it as much as pos sible. In . order to trimV her a quantity of weight was carried from aft forwards until; three inches were taken off. The pilot was; sanguine he would take the bar either this; morning or to-morrow. Among the crew and officers several old faces were recognisable, j especially that of Mr. Ahier, the chief officer,; whose long servitude in. colonial vessels has ' rendered him equal to the routine duties of the' Port. j The Royat Shepherd is again in commis sion, and when Captain Ward returned from; Port Augusta on Sunday he at once made fast; to the, Orient-Liner Derra, • into _ which a lot of: copper is to be forthwith transhipped;; The Ettie was-wool-laden at Port Augusta "when the Shepherd left; and had been there 14' days ready for sea, hut had not a ghost of a fair' wind during that period. The barque Kohinoor1 had' managed to drop down somehow,- and was ..passed on Friday when 25 miles N. W. of Port " Wallaroo, "which place she was to take in 'copper. The Robert Hine, with the Cape Jaffa" .'Lighthouse on hoard, arrived at Lacepede. Bay ''on/the 22nd, and got aground there until the! following tide, when Captain Mortess rendered' 'whatassistance was needed, and she was floated ".into deep water. ' j ' " The Pet, barque, is daily expected from; Hobart Town with a full cargo of Tasmania^ | produce. .. The New Tide Signals.—"With all de-; 'ference to the commercial code of signals as a ■means of communication, there are . several1 ^coasting masters and . others interested in 7 knowing' the water-signals who do not appre-; I eiate the new-fangled idea of substituting three; Has for one in making the inches. Indeed they fail to discover in what manner the old signals offended" in any way, seeing they were easily -understood. Everybody knew that the name ;rals 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, &c.;, made so many inches, • whereas by tbe improved method three flags are needed to make up each numeral. It is • earnestly desired that the proposed change may not be carried into effect, as it will only lead to serious confusion. - \- - -Vessels Spoken.—By tbe Glen Osmond S- Chr September 20, in lat. 14® N., long 25® W., ' the tea clipper Titania, from Shanghai to . London, 98 Jays out; on September 25, in 8® N., 24® "VV., the British ship Candahar, from Calcutta, bound to London, 78 days out; on September' 23, in 8® N7, 23® "VV"., tbe ' barque Ida Elizabeth, from. Batavia to Rotter dam, 79 days out; on.September 28, in 7® N., .22®..W"., the British barque Mira Mores, from 'Liverpool 30 days, bound to Valparaiso; on October 10, in lat. 22®, long, 29® "VV., the China clipper Fiery Cross, from London, bound to China, 37 days out; on November 11 saw- a French barque in 45 ® S., long. 79 ® E., steering a course supposed to be for Adelaide. 