A MI LLION A MINUTS. [From Belgravia.] That was my fortune. This is no dream, no romance. I set down the simple truth, strange as it will appear to many. During a portion of my life that was my income —a minion sterling per minute—secured to me by papers held in my own hands. \ The money came to me under the will of old Rodney Gauntlett. Everybody in the city knew him in his Kft?fa??—knew him as a shrewd, active, hot-tempered man, and called him " old," while he was yet in his prime. As far as my memory goes back, he justified the epithet. He looked old, withered, dried up, yet there was plenty of life in him, as those found who crossed his path, or tried to over reach him in the business transactions that took him every day into the chief places of resort in the city. Except that he was always absorbed in business, he might have been kind and tender. To me he sometimes was so. If he ever un bent, it was to his little Julie, as he called me, and that was more often, I thiak, when I had grown out of my childhood and become a woman, and so more of a companion to him. I was the child of an old friend—one Colonel Anthony Wyvern —whom he had adopted out of charity. Ours was not a very lively home. Our house was an old one that had held its own in the city when the city had even its palaces. But in the long course of time it had yielded, foot by foot, to encroachments on all sides, until it was fairly bricked-in, and utterly lost to public gaze. Old Rodney Gauntlett's o? n rooms were on the ground-floor; they were like dungeons, but he never saw them so. All the year round he breakfasted and dined by candle-light—yellow wax lights, in old plated candelabra, red aa copper, were always lit for him night and morning. Bridget and I lived upstairs. Bridget was domestic—housekeeper, nurse, and general servant in one. She was as old as her master. Thin white locks peeped out from under her mob-cap bound round with a black ribbon, and shone like silver. Her Bkin was yellow and wrinkled ; her hands suggested claws, they were so hard and fleshless. But she had an eye bright and true, as a hawk's; it defied age. Bridget was my good friend and almost sole companion. Our rooms were three in number, and formed the whole of tile second floor. My share comprised a very large bedroom, that had been a reception room in the old times, and a smaller apartment opening out of it. Bridget's chamber was outside mine, her door close to the top of the great staircase; so that, sleeping there, she, in a manner, kept watch and ward over me. The smaller room, in which I lived, was like a room borrowed from the last cen tury. It was wainscoted, and had a high mantelpiece carved over with cupids en gaged in festooning heavy wreaths about it. Above, there was an oval glass, slant ing forward so that it reflected all belowit. But most conspicuous of all wasa Japanese cabinet, very large and cumbrous, black as ebony, with quaint figures in gold and dead colors, in slight relief. It was now out of repair, and used as a receptacle for papers. I never recall my room without a thought of this cabinet. It is especially associated with the first visit of a friend of Rodney Gauntlett's, who afterwards came often to the old house—far oftener than I cared to see him. I recall that visit like a dream. I seem to see myself, a pale slim girl, straining my eyes over a book in the failing light. The book touches me deeply, and I am conscious that my eyelids are red, and that there are tears on my cheeks. While lam thus absorbed the door opens, and Bridget enters, preceding two other persons. One is Rodney Gauntlett himself; the other a stranger—a fine, tall, square-shouldered man, with an olive fuse, black eyes, and atiitiing white teeth. As I gave a scared look, Mr. Gauntlett says, pointing to the stranger, "Mr. Hugh Dimsdale, my dear, an esteemed friend of mine." Wholly unused to visitors, I am confused, but mutter something to the purpose, and am conscious of having my hand squeezed in a broad palm, and held there, a trifle— only a trifle—longer than I feel to be necessary. The memory of what follows is made up of three incidents : the im pression that Mr. Gauntlett is gayer and brighter than I have ever seen him before; that Mr. Hugh is embarrassingly polite ; and this further, that whenever I catch his eyes wandering, it is always in the direction of the Japanese cabinet, which appears to have a strange fascination for him That night'B introduction was followed by many a visit on the part of Mr. Hugh Dimsdale. It was not long before he de clared himself my devoted admirer, and begged me to regard him as a suitor for my hand. My patron, too, hinted as delicately as he could that such an ar rangement would be gratifying to him. But I received him coldly; his coming chilled my heart. The touch of his hand distressed me so that I dreamed of it in the night, and woke up with a shudder. Still he came and came. I had a sus picion that he knew how I loathed him, and gloried in his power to inflict the tor ture of hia presence on me ; gloried still more in suggesting a further horror. "Am I never to prove my love by showing how happy I can make you?" he would ask. "I am very happy," would be my cold reply. "But as my wife? Ah ( if we could only realise the future I have planned!" ''The present amply contents me." At last he lost all patience, and grew fairly angry with me. Whenever we met his words were harsh and his looks threatening. I could not endure this, and in one passionate outburst bade him begone and trouble me no farther. "I will never be your wife," I said. "I wiU die first. I hate you. Leave me." He obeyed ; but there was a malignant glitter in his eyes as he strode from the room ; and I saw that he bit his thin lips to bleeding to keep in the words with which he would have cursed me. For more than a month I saw him no more, but during the latter part of that tune I had no leisure to give a thought to him. My benefactor was taken ill. It was the winter time, and he was seized with a slight cold, of which he took no heed until inflammation followed, and he was soon really UL Even then he would not deem himself an invalid, would not see a doctor, nor give up his daily pur suits. Within a week he was worn to a shadow, his eyes sunk, his shoulders rounded, and a cough tore fiercely at his lungs. I was terrified, but he only laughed at my fears, and declared that he would soon be better. On the eighth night of his illness I sat late in my room. I was wretched, for I felt certain he was very ill, and needed advice. Sitting there over the dying embers, I half persuaded myself to go to him ; but he was not a man open to per suasion, and soon I was almost lost to consciousness in the bewildering perplexi ties of my own reflections. For an hour I might have brooded thus. When lat length started, as out of a vision, I was conscious of a chilliness, and of its being very late. I put my hand to my waist for my watch. It wanted three minutes to 2. Was that right by the clock on the mantelpiece, I asked myself. Instinctively I looked up ? The leaning oval glass reflected me as I sat. I saw my own face and figure, and T saw more. There was another face looking over my shoulder—another figure stand ing at my back! Yes, clearly and unmistakeably I saw my benefactor, Rodney Gauntlett, stand ing there, and bending over me with a strange pitying look in his face. " You here, sir!" I cried, turning round frightened —I knew not why. There was no answer. I half rose. As I did mo, the form receded from me. It went slowly, with the shuffling gait of an enfeebled man. The face was toward me, .evenwniatiiere'w^U* width" of the room between us. Then it turned away. It turned towards the Japanese cabinet, and I saw an uplifted forefinger beckon ing me to observe what followed. The movement was so natural, so real, that it scared away the fears whieji were begin ning to parlyse me. ''Speak to me, sir !" I cried out step ping forward as I spoke. "Or if yon are too ill " The finger was raised again ; this time as if to silence me. Then the face half turned; I could catch the expression of the eyes, and followed them. They seemed to single out a spot—a rose-bud in the flower-pattern of the cabinet— and then the pointing finger went straight lib that spot. Unless I dreamed, the bud yielded under the pressure of the finger-tip ! I saw it sink and spring back to its place. Then almost instantly, a long and narrow panel fell out and dropped on the ground. " You wish to show me the secret of this V I gasped, looking up from tile spot where the panel lay. To my dismay I addressed vacancy. The figure was gone ! My alarm was intense. Had I seen the ghost of Rodney Gauntlett? My conviction was that I had. Yet the finger had touched the spring, the rose-bud had yielded, and there was the result before me ? Could a spirit have done that ? If so, for what purpose ? While, more dead than alive, I asked myself this second question, my eyes involuntarily turned toward that part of the cabinet from which the panel had. dropped, A small aperture had been laid bare ; evidently a secret recess; and what it contained was clearly revealed to my gaze. It was a folded paper. With a tremulous hand I snatched at the paper and tore it open. Casting my eyes hurriedly over it, I saw that it was a will—Rodney Gauntlett's will. Through a mass of blurred letters, I gathered that by tiiam?? of it he xevoked all former wills; and then I lighted on these words, glowing, as they seemed, in letters of fire:— " —?—all my real and personal estate, amounting at this present writing to three millions sterling, to Julia Gauntlett, otherwise known and designated by me as Jufe Wyvern, my own true and lawful daughter " I could read no more. The words swam before my eyes. What! Was I Rodney Gauntlett's own child ? Was it a fiction that he had reared me out of the love he bore his old friend ? What mystery was here I The awe, the marvel, the mystery of what was passing confounded me. My only proof of the reality of all was the crackling of the paper I grasped in my hand. That was real; that, and the cabinet from which I had taken it. Yes ; and hark ! The great bell of St. Paul's was chiming. Real enough that. I stood and counted the quarter-chimes; and then the first for the hour—One; the second—Two. As the last echo died away, I glanced again at the will, and stooping my head for the purpose, I suddenly fell heavily forward with a crashing sound in my ears. A blow had been dealt from behind, by an unseen hand, and under the force of it I dropped bleeding and senseless. More than a week had elapsed before the sense of life returned to me. I was in my own bed, and Bridget's kindly face was beading over me. Pain racked my brow, and I was conscious of having suffered intensely. It was some time before I was permitted to ask questions or to receive information as to what had happened. At length Bridget gratified my curiosity to an extent. She informed me that my patron, Rod ney Gauntlett, died on the night to which I have alluded, at three minutes to 2, she being then the only person in the house except myself. Her reason for fixing the hour was, that at three minutes to 2—the time at which the house (dock gave "warning"—she being startled by a strange noise, had gone into his room only to find him dead in his chair. While there a sound overhead apprised her of my fall, and at the same moment St. Paul's struck 2. On rushing upstairs she had found me on the floor where I had fallen, as she supposed, in hurrying to tile sick man's aid, and with the back of my head bleeding. At this stage I interrupted her with two questions of the utmost moment to me. Was she quite certain that there was no person in the house besides our selves 1 She was quite certain. Did she observe anything peculiar about the Japanese cabinet, or see any paper on the i floor! No. j These answers startled me. It was ! hard to believe that I had been dreaming, ! and yet was it not more probable than that all of which I seemed to have a remembrance should really have hap pened ? The apparition, the will, the enormous fortune, the disclosure of my relationship to Gauntlett, the brutal attack by which I was overpowered—who would believe in the reality of these things ? How could I even believe in them myself 1 It was well nigh impos sible ; yet it had all been so real, so j terribly real to me, that I could not fore go belief in it without a struggle. I However, I kept my own counsel. I formed this resolution—l would say nothing unless my impressions- received confirmation through subsequent events. One such confirmation they did receive— it was a very startling one. When Rodney Gauntlett's will came to be read, it was found that his fortune exceeded all belief. He had been money-grubbing and speculating all bis life, but no one suspected that he had died worth—three millions of money ! His will disclosed that fact for the first time. Here was a corro boration of what I had discovered in my dream, or whatever it was, so strong that it utterly overpowered me. Unless I had read it in the paper I took from the Japanese cabinet, how could I have thought of that sum 1 I eagerly demanded a sight of the wilL It was handed to me, and one glance dispelled all my illu sions. It was not written on the paper I had seen, and it contained no mention of my relationship to the testator. My name was there, but only for an annuity of £300 for life. The bulk of the vast fortune was left in other ways, a very large slice falling to the share of the man I detested and had rejected, Hugh Dimsdale. Time passed on. I had quitted the old house. All I have related had become a thing of memory. Bridget was dead. Hugh Dimsdale had gone I knew not where. In the process of time I had almost persuaded myself out of the reality of what I long held as the mystery of my life. One winter evening an adventure occurred to me. Returning home from a long walk I saw a group of parsons bending over some object lying on the ground. As they moved aside on my drawing near, I saw that it was a squalid man in the rags of a beggar. He was ill, haggard, starving — yet I could not mistake that face. "Hugh Dimsdale !" I exclaimed aloud. IHe shuddered as he lay, then looked up feebly, shading his eyes with a tremulous hand. With that hand he beckoned me to his side. Too weak to speak aloud, it was only by drawing my ear towards his mouth that he could make me understand what he had to say. It took this form ; "Julia Gauntlett—for that is your true, right name—l robbed you of all. I did it. I knew Gauntlett's last will was hidden in that cabinet—knew it from the first; knew its purport, and strove to make you mine in consequence. Had you consented, we should have shared the old man's millions—you and L You re jected me, and I had recourse to other means to get the later will destroyed, so that I might benefit by a former will, under which I was entitled. I was in the house when he died, his life shortened by my jneaircrnE passed from ins room to yours, whin H. had made bum of the old will that left me so much: I came upon yon as you read the will you had found—the true will, in which he had acknowledged you as his child, and left you all. It was I who struck you down and secured that paper. I swear to you that this is the truth." " But tell me," I cried, " what do you know of my father's motive in disowning! me—of my mother—" " Nothing." "And this other wiU?" '' Destroyed. Consumed in the flames. The fortune can sever be yours." They were his last words, spoken with his stiffening lips—and they were true. Without the will, it was impossible for me to gain one penny more of my father's princely fortune than I now enjoy. The wealth he had designed as a recompense for the wrong he had done me—heaven alone knows why !—had flowed away into other channels, and could never be re covered. 1 had held the right to it for three minutes only: from the moment of his death—that in which he had appeared to me—until the villain's hand snatched it away. Only for three minutes out of a whole lifetime; but during that space my income exceeded that of any potentate in the world. It was at the rate of a million a minute. 