VALEDICTORY MEETING *CO THE B.EY. JOHN WATSFOBD. A farewell meeting /to the Rev. John Wats ford was held in the Pirie-street Church on Monday evening, April 6. Despite the extreme inclemency of the weather, the attendance was very large, and Mr. J. B. Hack-presided. After the customary singing and prayer, . . ' The Chaibman appropriately introduced the business of the evening, and in the course of his remarks referred to the great work which Mr. Watsford, during his residence in the colon; by the providence «f God, had been in strumental in effecting, and complimented him ?nriA-n +1* a vnnnlvr raantiaii ~Zvt vrliifin Via n-)-i^iA. UUwU. **1AC UMUUV II''T* 'IT' XU ? TV U1UU _*+?*** uuvb.iu.w nouhcedPoperj; ? / — . ? The Rev. Mr. WatsfoED then gave a brief r resume of Ms lecture on 'Six years in South Australia, and what I think of It.' After some prefatory sentences he proceeded to point out that he was well acquainted with South ' Australia, having travelled from Mount Gambler ' on the one hand to Port Lincoln on the other. He did not, however, give that lecture as the representative of the W-esleyan body, but as his : personal opinions, founded upon somewhat -' extensive observation. He then, treated upon, the poor man's ^ chances of ; success in South Austealia, the character of the metropolis, the climate, and the morals . of the people. In epeaking of the press, he ob served that since the previous delivery of that lecture, he had; been frequently attacked, and his lecture brought again and again befo- e the X public, but when any respectable and intelligent portion of the press descended to personal attack andffiSicule, ne had nothing more to say. (Appiaufe^y-JWith regard to politics and politicians,; he 'thought religious men. ought not ? to shrink at going into^arliament, and he held that every -Siristian,,man, should record his vote. He ^disapproved of ..religious men getting into the 'political squabbles which were so common, ;but at -the same time he contended \- that they should ' honestly and fairly record their votes, and not permit a few to send in \- -whom they chose to Parliament. (Applause.} . As regarded the Churches, he regretted his re marks, had occasioned so much ill-feeling, for he could assure them what he said he had given ' expression to with, the greatest possible kind liness and charity. He had been in the world long,enough to know that those who lived in glass bouses not uncommonly were in the habit of throwing, stones, but in the event of a ' pebble being returned, they at once made a ? great cry. - The Church with which he was con : nected was bo often, the subject of unfavorable criticism, that they had become quite accus tomed to it. {Arrolause.) He had fully, hie observed, determined to make the statements he did respecting their Baptist friends and. the' Roman Catholic Church. He strongly censured those persons who would have them 'with bated breath and whisperings .-low' speak of Popery. (Applause.) What he said at North ' Adelaide, when speaking of their Independent friends, was, that . he respected their \- ministers; that whilst their organization failed to reach sparsely populated dis tricts, it did well . in centres . of. popu lations ; and that he hoped rationalism would not creep into their Church here. He was sure any of their ministers 'would agree with him that it had tainted some of their ministers in England, and he was certain no one would imd fault with him for .expressing, such a kindly hope. (Applause-) In alluding -^- to the Baptists, he recapitulated his previous observations, remarking that he should ever stick up for the old Bible as they now pos sessed it. (Applause.) He : repudiated the assertion that the Baptist version emanated from the Christians of America generally, and asked how Wesleyans could be ex pected to encourage the circulation of a version which, amongst other enormities, rendered the' verse, 'In those days came John the Baptist preaching in the wilderness,' into ' In those days came John the Iinmerser preaching in the wilderness.' The Baptist version in comparison with the authorised version was as milk and water. (Applause.) A good deal had been said abont a creed standing between them as Methodists and the Bible. By a creed he un derstood settled views respecting religion, and if some people had not such views he could not help it. (A laugh and hear, hear.) They believed fiere was one God, and they never expected to find in the Bible that th«re were ? twenty. They believed that Christ died for all men, and they did not expect to find that he only died for some. (Applause.) Reference was then made to his connection with the . Pirie-street Church, and subsequently with the Archer-street, and to the fact that during the past six years the members of the Wesleyan Church had been augmented to the extent of 2,000. In conclusion he requested their prayers occasionally on his behalf, and' if he had done anything to grieve anybody when he should not have done so, he hoped they would forgive and forget it, and he prayed that they and he might meet at His right hand above. Tha rev. gentle man Bat down amid much applause. The Rev. J. G. Millabd briefly addressed the meeting, expressing, as the representative ^ oi xne ministers, taeir most hearty and cor-lial r~ thanks to the Rev. Mr. WatsforA for the \ \- service he had rendered Ihe Wesleyan cause ' in. this colony. He alluded to his long I acquaintance with Mr. Watsford, and his many excellent qualities. He possessed the power of winning sonls, and when he said that ' ' he gave utterance, to the highest praise that i could be spoken of a Minister. (Applause.) i-;iAjfc the hist district meeting every effort was '- made to retain Mr. Watsfotd, but they had been ineffectual, andhewasnowaboutleaving. He was convinced, however, that he would be the means of accomplishing great good in the field of labor to which he was proceeding. The Rev. Henst Bath followed, and in a few excellent remarks alluded to the many great advantages which he had derived from au acquaintance with the Bev. Mr. Watsford, who he ? said had been to him in reality a Christian bishop. He asserted that Mr. Wats ford's name was loved in the country, and that he would be ever held in fond remem brance by many. He earnestly hoped that he would fill the position hi Ballarat which he was about to occupy as well as he hid fulfilled the duties appertaining to the office of District Chairman. (Applaues.) Mr. John Colton, in a laudatory and suit able speech, presented the Rev. Mr. Watsford with an address and a testimonial consisting of £120, which was contained in a purse beau tifully worked in beads by alady, and bearing the rev. gentleman's initials. He (Mr. Oolton) also announced that — 'The Book Committee have directed the Secretary to obtain Dr. W. Smith's 'Dictionary of the Bible,' in 3 vols., and the 'Classical Dictionary,' ?compiled from the six larger volumes of antiquities, all uniformly half-bound, and present the same to the Rev. jno. Watsford, in each volume of which the following . is to foe inscribed : — ' Pre sented to the Rev. John Watsford., by the Committee of the Wesleyan Book Depot, Adelaide, as a token of their appreciation of his valuable and disinterested services as Book Steward, since the formation of the Book Depot. —G. W. Cotton, Secretary. By order and on behalf of the Committee.' Mr. Colton intimated that it was anticipated the books would cost from £8 to £10, but they were an exceedingly poor recognition of Mr. Watsford's very valuable services. (Applause.) The following is acopy of the address : — 'To the Rev. John Watsford, Chairman of the . South Australian District of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Australasia. 'Reverend and Dear Sir — Now that it has fallen to you, by the appointment of Conference, to leave this colony after a residence of six years, during the whole of which time you hive held the office of Ohairman of this district, we, on behalf of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in this colony, desire to present to you a few parting words. In reviewing the past we remember how on your first arrival among us the Great Master poured forth His spirit and many -souls were brought to Himself in the place -where we are now assembled, as Veil as throughout the circuit and district; how you engaged the attention and arrested the sympathies of the young and the enquiring, and founded one of the most -flourishing Young Men's Associations for mutual improvement that has ever been raised up in this colony, -and by attractive and instructive lectures, sustained the interest first awakened; whilsttheselectures, which have cost you so much time and labor to prepare, have been gratuitously and cheerfully* given to aid the funds of any of our societies throughout the colony,- and up to this day you have in various ways brought into operation the ma.YiTn bo long acknowledged, that in the Methodist Church there is work for every man, and every man for. his work — a truth that never failed to ensure success. Nor can we ever forget how you sought to perfect and bring to a practical result the long-entertained desire of South Aus tralian Methodists for a College second to none in the colonies,.- for the purpose -of j imparting a sound education in connection with our own denominational views, till the first stage of the- College buildings has been com pleted, and the date of opening the Collegiate School fixed ; moreover, with the same object of ^religious and social enlightenment, assisted by the cordial co-operation ,of our ministers and ?? many of our ~ leading - members, you have sue- j ceeded in establishing a Book-room' and a i magazine, thus affording easier -access to the ' Wesleyan literature of . the fatherland, and a j medium for the interchange of ' thought within our own border. ?' 'But while conducting all' these arduous Tin- ' dertakings, and caring for the general welfare of the Church of which/you bad the oversight, you have never for a moment lost sight of the special work of the ministry to save «ouls from death, so that your own naturally robust health has more than once been endangered, and the Church has had to pray you to forget for a moment the urgency of the present that you might be spared for work in -the future. - As a small token of . our esteem we now beg your acceptance. of a testimonial gift of £120 subscribed by friends -residing in various parts of the district, who in this way wish to show their appreciation of your valuable labors while amongst us. 'We now, in the name of our Lord and .Saviour Jesus Christ, meet you probably for t+e last time in this house of God, where we have so often together realised His presence, and unitedly join in fervent prayers to Him for His richest blessing upon yoty^elf, Mrs. Watsford, and -family, and that walking in the light of .God's. countenance you may continue to turn many to righteousness, and thus by a divinely appointed consequence 'shine as the stars for ever and ever1 in that Heaven to which for the sake of our Great Redeemer we all hope to attain and to be for ever with the Lord. On behalf of this Wesleyan Methodist Church in this colony. . ' We are, Rev. and Dear Sir, ?'Yours faithfully and affectionately.' (Here followed the names Of the Committee.] v TlieRev. Mr. Watsfobd, on rising to reply, was greeted with loud and prolonged applause. He«aidhe really aid not know how to reply to the address. - He heartily thanked them for their kindness in all this. When, he came to the colony he came determined to try and save the souls of the people, and Ke believed he had been constantly working to attain that end. (Ap plause;) Yet he had had to do with the forma tion of Young Men's Associations, and he was confident they had conduced to the great object he had in view. In going into the College affair, he believed it would be instrumental in giving their young men education, thereby pro perly-qualifying them for the work of the ministry, and of saving souls. (Applause.) He had felt deeply interested in the -book depot, for he had been anxious that suitable literature might be obtainable for their Sunday-schools and their members. He rejoiced in the fact that the depot had been a great success - (applause) — and he was persuade! the .college movement would be equally so. (Hear, hear.) He was sure from past experience— f or it was easily dis cernible—that God was with their Church, and if God were for them and with' them who could be against them? (Applause.) He had great faith in this, and held that they had hot only to preach the Gospel but to look for the power of the Holy Ghost, and while they did that they were certain to receive the blessing of God. It was their duty to co- operate with Him in beseeching men that they receive not the grace of God in vain, and in doing so they would most undoubtedly receive -he divine approbation and blessing. (Applause.) He again thanked them for the address which they iiad given him, and the purse of money, which would prove very useful just bow, for he did not leave South Australia by any means a rich man. In theii kindness he.recogni ed the goodness of his Heavenly Father. He was going to Ballarat, and he was satisfied he would not be there long before he would be a tho roughly Ballarat man, and completely iden tified with its interests. (Applause.) He could without fear of contradiction say that during Ms residence in this colony he had en deavored to act honestly with every'man, and had never made' any ' difference between his respect for the gentleman and the poor man. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He assured them . he should remember them till life closed, and his prayer was that God would bless them all and save them forever. (Continued applause.) Mr. Jas. Scott, in complimentary terms, proposed 'That the thanks of this meeting -be given to the Rev. Mr. Watsford for his very excellent lecture.' Mr. J. D.. Hill seconded, and bore testimony to Mr. W,atsford's great merit as a lecturer. Mr. Wm. King supported the proposition, and referred in eloquent words, to the good which Mr. Watsford had done in the establishment of a Working Men's Associa tion in North .Adelaide. In the course of his remarks, lie took occasion to wish Mr. Wats ford success, equal to that which had attended him in this province (Applause,) The Rev. Mr. WATSFOBD returned thanks, and remarked that his lecture on 'Courtship and Marriage*' '- alone had been the means of raising £500. On the motion of Mr. L. Roach, seconded by Mr. Rhodes, the usual compliment was accorded to the Cbairmaia, after which the pro ceedings closed with the singing of the doxology and pronouncing of the benediction. 