THE PUBLIC LIBRARY. No IV. If on entering tho hall to-day we0 turn to the left we shall notice a department to which we omitted to direct attention in our last perambulation—it is that which is de- voted to numismatics. It is strange that the English as a nation show such a singular in- difference to this interesting science. While every other branch of the fine arts has re- ceived some degree of encouragement, numis- matics alone have been neglected. One would ' bo almost tempted to think there was some- thing in the minute elegance and classical tasto so properly constituting tho oxcollonce of medals and coins absolutely uncongenial ' to the feelings of our countrymen, for while this art has been advancing in othor coun- tries, it seems in England to bo under a sort'' of ban. It used to bo said, not long ago, that for a century no ono professor of this branch. , of art had been able to livo solely by its practice, always excepting those who have been employed in tho Mint to engrave tho coin. We hopo it will be among the boasts of our own cnligbtenod age, that it has done something towards remedying this glaring defect, and ridding us of tho now well merited accusation of indifferonco to one of tbo very best means of transmitting to pos- terity accurate knowledge of tho history of our times. "Wo wish wo had a bettor collec- tion of works on this subject tban wo have, but, such as it is, wo recommend it heartily to all who visit the library. Passing by the department of Lexicography, at which we have already glanced, we come to the magnificent collection of works re- lating to France. Its history, ita litoraturo, 5 its political and social condition, may all b« studied hero : tho amplest facilities aro at your disposal. There aro Corneille, Molière, Hocino, and tho long bead-roll ending in Musset, Victor Hugo, and Lamartine. There aro Montaigne, Montesquieu, and Pascal. Fenelon and Do Maistre meet on the same shelf with Voltaire and Jean Jacques. The classical and the lomantic fight their battles sido by sido ; Saint Beuvo chattors beside the Due do St. Simon ; Guizot touches the elbow of tho Bourgeois de Paris ; Ciesar jostles against Rabelais in tho splendid crowd ; Comte and Renan mingle with Chateau- briand and Montalembort ; and Beranger sings tho praises of Lisette in presence of Madame do Sevigné and tho Baronne de Stael. You will not, it is true, hear tho flowing periods whoso majestic cadeneo is marked by the jowcllod hand of Bossuot, or tho solemn tones in which Mas sillon discourses over the body of tho Grand Monarque-for French pulpit oratory you . must go to the department of Catholic Theology-but you will find that in all things else every ago is pictured in those , volumes around you, from tho troublous times . when letters were represented by a Bertrand de Born to that " Aluiablo sítelo oh l'homme dit il l'homme, Soyons frfcrcs-ou jo t'assomme"- ' from the days of tyranny and woodon shoos to tho licence of '89 and our own happier times, when an Imperial littérateur occupies ' the throne. ' Of French writers, Montesquieu, Rousseau, and Voltaire, impressed the most fatal and most durable traces on the literature and the mind of Europe—Montesquieu by the novelty and occasional sagacity which ho mingled with some false reasoning ; Rousseau by that semblance of conviction, that passionate exaggeration, which gave to his studied essays the appearance, and something of tho influ- ence, of unpremeditated popular orations ; and Voltaire by his power of popularising the most abstract discussions, insinuating philo- sophy into the fugitive literature of tho day, making wit subservient to argument, and lending to everything he touched tho charm of a style conspicuous for its finish and sim- plicity. Amongst tho curious or remarkable works in this collection to which wo think it neces- sary to direct attention are tho Lettres du Cardinal Richelieu, tho Journal d'Olivier d'Ormesson, and tho Mémoires de Foucault tinco works which contain an inoxhaustiblo fund of valuablo and highly interesting in- formation concerning the times to which they refer. Tho cardinal's letters aro not only rich mines of history, but mirrors in which are re- flected much of tho interior life of their emi- nent author, and admirable specimens of the languago and orthography of an homme d'étude of the period. D'Ormesson's Journal is not to be consulted as an example of anciont orthography, having been compiled . at .a moment of transition, whon French speiling was in no way fixed ; but' the work of this honourable magistrate is quite as im- portant in all other respects as tho epistles of Richelieu. His relations with the city and the court, with tho gown and the sword, witli Madamo do Sovigné, Mathiou Molo"> Tuionno, Bossuot, and othor distinguished personages, enable him to throw a flood of light on ovory subject which ho hap-, pens to touch. Les Mémoires de Foucault neither afford glimpsos into tho interior of a cardinal Ministoi, nor add much to the par liamontaiy history of Franco, but no work with which wo aro acquainted gives moro vivid pictures of tho condition of tho people, and shows moie clearly tho machinory of tho French Administration at tho timo when its authoi lived, than tho unadorned pages of this ablo intendant. Rationally enough, the most voluminous compartments of all are thoeo which contain the literature of Great Britain. The British dramatists, the British poets, the British prose writers-these, indeed, form a magnifi- cent array ; and if to their works be added tho British serials, we may safely say that the literary products of our people are as varied and noble as those of any other people of tho earth. Shakspeare, it is only fair to say, has had all honour done him in the Molbourne Library. Not only aio there several fine editions of his works, but most of what has boen writton about him Which is worthy of being road is also col- lected hero. Shining around this groat luminary aro such lesser lights as Beau- mont and Fletcher, Middleton, Coleridge, Bulwer, Ford, Massinger, Webster, Shirley, Foote, Joanna Baillie, Colley Cibber, Sheri 'dan Knowles, and " rare Ben Jonson " last, ¡not least, in tho thickly-studded firmament of British dramatic fame. Both the comedy and tragedy of modern times are widely different from those of the Greeks and Romans. In tho old Pagan civi- lisations, comedy was tin own almost ox-, clusively on tho individual, tho nuances of his nature, and on the ludicious positions into which he might be made to fall—those fine touches which bring a whole class or profession into relief are only to be found in tho comedy of a later age. In tragody, tho difference is perhaps still greater. It is no longer tho motionless reflection of a dim and distant antiquity ; when wo look through the magic glass which a Shakspeare or a Corneille holds before our eyes, the figures that wo behold aro creatures, yet bicathing, and actually mixing iii tho, 'great game of lifo., It is truo that tho events : represented aro sometimes thoso of a formor, period, but the poet makes thom fit in some respects into tho very timo at which he writes, or, at all ovents, brings the actors, ¡beforo us, not as impulpablo revenants from Ibu past with tho gloom and chill of tho grave around thom, but as actual mortals of genuine flesh and blood, in symmetry and proportion with all the roalities of human life. It is a circumstance of which the British people must bo proud, that, in the most, majestic of the fine arts, in poetry, they hold, a place which must unquestionably be ad- mitted to bo amongst tho highest. No other nation certainly has equally suc ceeded in both tho noblest forms of poetry -tho epic and the tragic. Of meditative or philosophic poetry, if we cannot say what Quintilian justly says of Roman satire, " 'l'otí (juidem nostra es1," Ave can at least boast'that Young.' Cowper, Wordsworth, and' somo'dtbers, are unsurpassed in this branch of tho'1" art divine ; " while the lyric jewels of Mooro, and the hoinely heart-touching songs of Burns, comparo favourably with the best productions of a similar nature which the literature of any age or any country can dis- play., in tho department devoted to our poets the Melbourne Library is especially rich ; but while we claim for most of those whose works1 it contains a rare excellence in tho most elevated forms of composition through which ¿ho impassioned mind finds utteranr l and in the grandeur and beauty of t1 -e> thoughts , ', J0Se "' ? " That voluntary move < I 'Harmonious numbora," we yet cannot but avow that tb ^ Qn theso 'shelves many names wb* oh baye d(j_ wived» ' faded in a great mer ^^ fromthe »estoy of men. It may V- a saW ^ they are suffering a slow and b j,^ 0uiivion) and that their prodactv dfts ar0 prc,¿rved more as mummies ot th' dpast thau M livmg treasures which we w ¿í nôt loso> oî 8Uob xmhappy authors wh j0 have ceaae(110 ex;sti buttowhomiriiegr av-a ¿[enies its repose, we let the ghosts g1 xde ty in silence and un- spoken to, that' ^(L may ^o sooner rest in peace/;1' ' British prose is hardly less abundantly re presenrted ; and though, in the humbler lan- guage of M.Jourdain, wo must yield tho palm .to some of our rivals, it will bo enough to look «ver ttjese shelves of tho Melbourne Library ïn ó'/aor to be convinced that we have no xe&Hon; to ho ashamed even in this respect. LeJt ns merely read over a few of the names, thyt' tho visitor may havo an idea of what «waits him in this ¡collection whenever he away have an hour to spend therein. There are the works of Bacon, of Hume, and of Locke, the prose works of Milton, of Coleridge, of Goldsmith, and of Swift; there, too, are most of the productions of De Quincey, Hazlett, Fielding, Smollett, Defoe, Carlyle, Whateley, Sir Thomas More, and many many others equally renowned. Tho serial literature of the British isles is, .as a whole, the most powerfully written that -exists in any language, though, perhaps, we have nothing quite equal in some respects to a few of the great Continental reviews. Those who have a taste for' this sort of reading will find in the library, amongst others, the Edin- burgh, the Quarterly, the Fortnightly, the < UïiôZin, and the'6'aWdui/ Review, the United Service Gazette, the Dublin University, Bent ley's Miscellany, Fraser's Magazine, Black- wood, iho Athenäum, Cluinibers'stJorunal, ana .the'1Literary Gazette. Most of thoso are of "the Very highest ordor. Mooio justly re 1 marked'one day to Scott that soarcely a maga- zine was now published that did not contain ?eracs which in their younger days would have »ado a reputation ; and certainly tho proso contributions in tho vast majority of them are in general of still greater litciary merit. There are, of course, English periodi- cals which aro at best but superficial aud affected, and others which are not only low in style, but low in tono and infamous in design. Of these the Melbourne Libiary has, happily, no examples to show. Tho biographical department, which comes next, calls for no particular remark, except it be ene of commendation, as a fair collection of works which would bo most commonly sought for by ordinary readers. It is a depart- ment in which our youth may spend manyan hour çf pleasure and of profit, learning whal the great and good havo dono to elevate them, selves, invigorating their minds by the en coúragomont of high examples, and rcceivim? valuable lessons in tho great duties of steadi- ness, diligence, perseverance, courage, and self- command, which aro so necessary for all who would attain a really enviable position amongst theil feUow-irion. Scotch, Irish, and Welsh histories aio to be * found in the same bay with the biographical works, and no doubt attract many a visitor, not only on account of the natural interest we take in everything relating to the differonl races who make up the great national aggre- gate of which we form a part, but on account of tho stores of curious information whicl they contain. O'Donovan's translation ol the Annals of the Four Masters deserve! special notice, as a splendid contribution te the history of a country whose past, briUiani ni it hasueen in some respects, is still so im perfectly explored. And -now wo aro at tho top of tho hall where'club works, British archaeology, am British history are to bo found. The depart ment of club works contains tho chronicle of Roger de Wendovor, tho valuable publica tions of tho Camden Society, the proceeding of tho Aichieological Institute, those of th Cax'ton Society, of tho Bannatync Club, am others. British Aichtuology is a department whic! wó cannot pass over without a few words Archteology is ono of tho most important an interesting studies of tho present day. Th world.has of late years been ransacked by new raco of discoverers-mon from whoi the centuries can nothing hide, and to whoi the very ruins of the' past and tho graves i the dead aro forced to roveal their own lorn forgotten story. Egypt has beon searched fe historical infoimation by Young, Champo lion, Eosellini, Bunsen, Lipsiùs, and Bird The temples and Cyclopean remains of Greet have been accurately drawn aud described t Chandler, Stuart, Dudwell, Muller, Leak "Wordswoith, and Penrose. The remains < ancient art in Italy havo boen always favourite thorne of writers of different com tries-of Braun, Cramer, Dennis, Lanz Ferguson, Micnli, Canina; while the fielt in which Layard and otheis havo workc aro too woll known to lcquiro mention. ] the midst of this universal movemont ti branch of archteology which paiticularly coi cerns oursolvos is ono of which no 01 amongst us with any proteusions to learnh should bo wholly ignorant, notice it is th we wish to direct special attention to th dopartmeut. Those who dosiro to lena something of the antiquities of Britain w; iind an abundance of materials awai ing them- materials equally attractive at valuable. Tho British History department, which also well .filled, is ono which íerruires i notice from us to make it popular with tho who visit tho libiary. The same may be said of tho dcpartmoi of Animal Physiology, which follows, as v pursue our course. The partial mingling of botany and agrici ture reminds us of tho confusion of the branches of knowledge which CharlesDickei quizzes when ho maltes Mr. Squeers tell ti iboy -to repeat, " Botany, a knowledge plants," and then sends bim to weed ti gorden, in practical illustration of the do trine. It must, however, bo admitted th the library can boast a magnificent array works on both those sciences, and that ne witbstandinc; the allusion which wo have ju made, -they aro arranged in a manner ordoi and systematic enough to make it easy discover whatovor book you may require. In the contiguous departments of chemist and geology tho'student who hungers aft these useful and attractive sciences will al find much to satisfy him, howover av ho may bo. It is only right, howover, the in referring to geology and natural physi logy, wo should «ntreat tho ordinary visit io tread thoso regions with tho utmost caí lion. Jt is little suspected by most porsoi what^ shallow loaming, and what dangeroi doctrine is to bo found in many works c these subjects. Amongst geologists and n turalists aro to bo found, porhaps, the wor class of sciolists of modern times. The fi ?yolous idler-who picks up half-a-dozt ptbbles durinß his summer oicursion, i gathers mice in a cage or ir ,. \ , .,, < -drunk with the vanity ¿n*"T»« «. «""le philosophic pursuits, y .?? gendered by such favourite science, r ?ltes » treatae oa his showing how egi ^ n.ot\ ?on.tent w,th takes full advar *««" » *» ignorance, airing the mr ;toee of the opportunity for most blasph jSt rank mñdelity and the scholars ar -«mous conceits. Theso false fato whi' '^ 'wretched scribblers desorvo the them . "'k *tte ïM)e'' *°^ us ^ reserved for «. H - oavsn with contempt the ompty toll survoya, \- And burles blockheads in the dust they raise," .et us not, however, bo understood to dis- parage any branch of îoal learning, or mock at the true light, from whatever quarter it may shine. Our only object is to warn the young j and the unlearned against error and pretence, which aro nowhere moro remark- able than in the departments now before us. As the student advances, if his mind be strong enough, and his powers of judgment sufficiently developed, ho will be able to sopa-j rate the tares, which are often found iu the ablest books of this class, from the wheat which they also contain ; but until then he cannot bo too much upon his guard. The next ' science to which, we are intro- duced is, on the contrary, as safo os it is seductive. By its means wo are lifted up, as it were, by the powerof Asmodeus, and from our aerial height we gazo on all the nations of tho earth. "Well may we wonder, as we look through the excellont collection of geo- graphical works gathered here for ourinstruc tion and entertainment, at the extraordinary i progress which has been made in modem times in the knowledge of the world, and at tho immeasurable distance which >wo have shot ahead of tho civilised Greeks, of tho Roman "masters of the universe," and evon of the contemporaries of tho great navigators | whom the middlo ages have produced. In this deportment are very properly placed some woiks on nautical science, which must I have a peculiar interest for that largo seotiom of our population who "go down to the sea ,in ships." ! | "Voyages" and "Travels" are natiually placed beside the moro complete and moro purely scientific descriptions of , the oaith, and though still moro fascinating in tho main than the diier treatises at which wo have just glanced, aro by no means so relia- ble as souices of information. It, used to be complained some thirty years ago that the race of travellers then in existence, instead of describing things which they had scon, went to seo things that they might describe them ; and it was considered a ^ile profana- tion that note-books should be taken into the spray of Niagara, that pounce' and steel gratings should pollute tho breezes of Chim boraco, and that boxes of Brahmas should bo worn to the stumps on tho tops of the Pyiamids or the highest ridgos ofL tho Alps. How much astonished must men of that time bo who know that at pre- sent there are writers who do not even give themselves the troublo of visiting what they desoribe. The day for useless labour of that kind seems to have gone by, and now we have books on China and Constantinople, descriptions of the saicophagus of Cheops and tho virgin forests of America, by gentle- men who never leave their club or their cercfe except for their summer outing to Maigate, 01 the more fashionable waters of Biarritz or Tronville. Wo must admit, how- ever, that we have few of the Munchausen or Gauthier style of "travels" in the Mel- bourne Library-that tho selection, on the whole, is admirable ; and that amongst these works and the " voyages" are presented to the visitors wide fields of knowledge and of thought which we caunot too heartily com- mend. " Pure Science " and "Serials of Science" are tho titles of the two noxt departments, and tho bay which thoy occupy is one which will intorost all who have over passed the pans asinorum; and oven those who still lé main at the other sido of that isocèles con- struction will discover much to recompenso them for any time they may devote to this collection. At this point is the ladies' room, and as we have never penetrated into this sanctum, wo have no idea of, its contents, except what we have ga*bored from several cioss-roferences with which the catalogues have tantalised us when we sought for certain books. We shall not, then, linger around theso sacied precincts longer than to express a wish that the fair visi- tors to whoso uso they are devoted maj find therein much to contribute to thoii entertainment - our gallantry forbids ui to think thoy stand in need of any im provement-and that not only in this respect but in evory other, the authorities of thi library haveshown themselves as attentive ti the wants and wishes of that charming por tion of humanity as one would naturally ex peet them to bo. , After tho ladies' room, tho next depart ment to whioh we have access is that whicl contains the cyclopaedias. Though it canno be denied that to dictionaries of this kind w owe many of the errors and prejudices whicl are transmitted from generation to genera tion ; yet wo must confess, with D'Aletnboil that to them also we owe much of th general light which has been sproiv throughout society since the renaissance c letters. Wo arc glad, thoreforo, to find s good a collection of them in the librarj There, amongst others, aro tho Encyclopodi Britannica, tho Encyclopodia Londincnsl the Penny, tho Englisli, the Popular, tb Edinburgh, tho American, Latdner's Cabine the Dictionary of Useful Knowledge, Orr Circle of the Sciences, Maundor's Treasurie the Dictionnaire de la Conversation, the EnCt clopédie Moderne, Ersch and Gruber's Allg meine EncyUopadie, Meyer's Neues Konoerst lions Lexikon, and Pierei's Universal Le. ikon. ' Fiom the dry details and more facts < cyclopaedias wo wander into tho rich ox dreamy cloudlaud, tinted with the light an gold of art. Poorly as this bay is f urnishe* it is ono wo cannot pass by without special îccognition. The study of art above all others the ono which hi most need of being encouraged in* community such as ours, as it is ni only the ono most likely to bo nogloctcd, bu par excellence, tho one beBt suited to pblii the rude material of which our masses a principally formed, to raiso us iu tho scale i civilisation, and to soften oui manners in1 harmony with a more pleasing condition of life. A tasto for the beautiful in art is so en- grossing and unselfish, it has tho power of exciting such profound and yut such puro emotions, that the man who is endowed therewith is always saved fiom the vulgar, egotistical, and brutal viceî which aro the most detestable of our nature, and is in most cases a lover of truth, and nobleness, whoso instincts aro generous, and whose sympathies are tondorand good. t" It is tho high privilege of art, moreover," says M. Guizot, " that it has fallen to its lot to contribute to the happiness and prosperity of men in tho most different epochs and states of society. Whether under republic or monarchy, libcity or despotism, whether tho 'minds of men bo at rest or in agitation, in every caso but where suffering and oppression havo crushed and frozen the wholo social body, a love for ort has been able to devolopo itself with effect. Art diffused its splendours ovei the Roman empire and the Greok common- wealth, and flourished equally ia tho turbu lont republics of the middle ages and nndei tho majestic sway of Louis XIV." There is certainly nothing in our political condition .hostile to tho development of art in its high- est phases amongst us ; our climate, too, is (not unfavourable to whatever depends on ¡warmth of imagination. It would, thorofore, not bo too much to hope that in our free and sunny land a race of artists may yot spring ur, whose names will shed a lustro round the great empire which we are founding ou these shores. All that is necessary is to encourage every effort that is made towards rendering it famuiar to our people; to bring it homo by every means in our power to their hearts and minds, and to cultivate from tho earliest moment correct notions of its beauty by tho highest and most perfect examples, and by the ablest books on the subject we can pro- cure. It is with this feeling that we recom- mend in the warmest manner the little col- lection of art-literature in the library. The fow treatises on architecture which are also in this bay deserve equal notice at our hands. Architecture is, of all the arts, por haps the first to which serious attention should be directed in a new country. No greater good, probably, could be done than to induce our wealthy classes to build for thom \- selves really noble and handsome mansions, and to spread a genuine architectural tasto amongst those who aro likely to have any control over the erection of our public build- ings. In a fair and notable house a man feels himself a king, for his will has sway and room to move in. It has a tendency to elevate him, togive his charactcrdecision and thatdig nity wl^ich ever arises from repose within one's self. There 'is np art, however, which requires moro earnest study and natural capa- bility, foi if it makes greatness and wisdom conspicuous to the world, it makes folly do too in a'most remarkablo degree. A public edifice, for instance, ill-designed, and of un- graceful proportions, may bo looked on as a national disgrace ; while, if elegant in its de- tails, and imposing in its ensemble, it is an ornament'to the land and a constant and striking means of raising the thoughts and purifying tho taste of the people. The collec- tion of works on this subject which the library places at the disposition, of tho public is, small to, be sure-many of those which are adorned with valuable engravings, being, wo believe, locked up for greater safety ; yet it is so well chosen that it will afford the ordinary leader as much knowledge of the principles of this noble art as he is ever likely to require, and will be found even by tho pro- fessional student to contain no inconsiderablo amount of instruction usoful to him in his pursuits, !Loudon's Encyclopaedia of Archi- tecture, the Dictionnaire de VArchitecture Française du, Xle. au XVle. Siècle, Morin's Etudes sur la Ventilation, Turner's Domestic Architecture, the Annales Archéologiques, par Didron aîné ; Britton's Oatliedral Antiquities, the Architecture Privée du XIXe. Siicle par Qe'sar Daly and Piigin's Specimens of Gothic Architecture, are all valuable mines of infor- mation on this interesting and important subject. The next department is that of Military, Biography, and Naval, and Military History, and those who have a taste for such reading will find therein " Despatches," " Correspon- dence," "Lives," "Sieges," "Conquests," "Invasions," Mutinies" "Diaries," "Chro- nicles," and "Regulations," enough, wo should say. to satisfy any îoasonable craving in this respect. The opposite book-case in this samo bay is devoted to lists of patents, accounts of inven- tions, and works on exhibitions, all which have a practical valuo which most visitors to the library will not fail to appreciate. Taking this dopartment, with the one which comes immediately after it, and which contains treatises and serials of applied science, we have before us nearly all that we could wish concerning those powers which minister to the comfort and material greatness" of out age-thoso wondrous results of mechanical genius, and of patient painstaking industry, which have changed tho face of tho outoi world-those forces which have almost anni- hilated time and space, which have bid do fiance to wind and wave, and have added se much to tho enjoyment and to the luxuries oi modem civilisation. And now, having returned to the point from which we set out, namely, tho librarian's room, we ha\ e morely to add that in the gallon upstairs thero aie, in addition to a commence ment of a medical and a legal libiary, various workb relating to, and tho tending newspapon which have appeared in, the different Austra han colonies and New Zealand, together witl much of whatever literature we have as yoi produced; volumes of the Globe, of 2'Ae I unes, and of the Nation in its palmiest years, som< magnificent maps, treatises on commerce political economy, population, banking, &o.; I almanacs and directories, volumes of parlia mentary history and debates (British, colo nial, Canadian, and American), a good col lection of British orators, works on polity valuable statistics and political pamphlets Of the works in this portion of the librar; we cannot refrain from leferriug by name b the Serum Brilannicarum Medii ¿Eoi Scrip tores and the Calendar of State Papers-tw Compilations teeming with treasures whid aie much too little known. ' Thus we havo done with the book-collec tion in tho library. If our suggestions shoul lead to any of the improvements which ar necessaiy for the further development of it usefulness, and if our imperfect survey of it contents should make thom in the leas degree better known, and attract ever s small a number of additional students t any of its compaitments, wo shall have don a public service which may not be unin portant in its results. In our next article w intend to visit the gallery of paintings whic the library contains. 