PUNCH'S EVENING AMUSEMENTS. Mb. W. S. Lyster's operatic season commenced most auspiciously on Monday evening last. The house was crowded in every part, and presented a most brilliant and animated coup d'ceil. The opera chosen for the opening performance was Ernani, introducing Madame Lucy Escott, Mr. H. Squires, and the new Italian bass and baritone, Messrs. Bertolini and De Antoni. Both the former were received most enthusiastically, as they respectively appeared on the scene. As the excellent performance of these artistes in this popular opera is but an old tale, and often told, it is unnecessary to say more than that they were in excellent voice, and seemed stirred up by the warmth of their reception to impart the utmost spirit to their several personations This is particularly true of the lady, who niever sang, acted, or looked better than on this occasion— at least, as far as Mr. Punch's experience goes. Signor Bertolini, on making his ap pearance as Buy Gomez, was warmly greeted, and in a very short time proved himself in every way worthy of the compliment. It is nothing but the truth to say that he is unquestionably the finest basso that ever appeared here ; and when we add, that he is as ex cellent an actor as he is a singer, and possesses a fine appearance and a graceful and dignified deportment, we have said all that is needed to prove the value of this new acquisition to Mr. Lyster's Troupe. Signor De Antoni also made his debut as Don Carlos, and distin guished himself by his fine voice and impressive bearing, and Mr. Punch is very much mistaken if both he and Signor Bertolini do not attain to a very high position in the favour of the Sydney pub lic. The audience, also, paid a deserved tribute of welcome to Mr. Baker, who, in the small part entrusted to him, shewed himself fully worthy of a more prominent one. The striking and spirited choruses were excellently illustrated by the effective and well- trained choristers (especially those masculini generis), whose efforts are, individually and collectively, deserving of recognition. Mr. John Hall received a cordial welcome, as he took his seat as con ductor to, unquestionably, in point of talent and numbers, the most efficient orchestra ever collected under one baton in Sydney. The mise en scene proved worthily that Mr. Lloyd's stage management, Mr. Habbe's artistic brush, and Mr. Renuo's mechanical ability, were fully up to the required mark. Ernani was repeated on Tues day evening to another crowded house. On Wednesday, the favourite II Trovatore was presented, with the new Italian prima donna and tenor, as Leonora and Manrico. Mr. Punch has only space to observe that their success was as complete as their merit is unequivocal — that Signor Bertolini achieved another triumph as the Count di Luna, and that the cordial greeting extended to Miss Georgia Hodson was followed by her usual artistic rendering of the Gipsy Azucena, both vocally and dramatically. With the great resources, in every department, at Mr. Lyster's command, and the brilliant inauguration of his campaign, Mr. Punch confidently pre dicts that the latter will prove fully equal, if not superior, in quality of performance, and quantity of patronage, to any of its predecessors. At the Royal Victoria, Mr. James Stark has appeared as Othello, Hamlet, Benedick, and Bertuccio in the Fool's Revenge. His im personation of the first-named part combines freshness of conception with great pathos and intensity. His address to the senate was a fine piece of elocution, but when the gradual workings of the arch tempter upon a mind " not easily jealous, but being wrought, per plexed in the extreme" were evolved, the actor completely identified himself with the various transitions from love to jealousy, confi dence to mistrust, nobility of soul to unbridled ferocity, with great artistic power tempered by judgment. Mr. Hoskins was a highly finished and truly Shaksperian Iago, Miss Rosa Cooper one of the very best Emilias Mr. Punch has seen at the Antipodes, Mr. Ireland a sensibly undemonstrative, and gentlemanly Cassio, and! Miss Ste venson the reverse of everything Desdemona ought to be. Mr. Punch was also highly pleased with Mr, Stark's Hamlet. There was no humbug" about it, in the shape of distorted readings, &c.;, &e.; — no attempt to go off the usual " track." It was simply a highly judicious and intelligent rendering of the most difficult of all the great bard's creations to realise satisfactorily. To play Hamlet even tolerably is no mean achievement — to play it as excellently as Mr. Stark does is therefore, proportionately, a great triumph. Hoskins was a most impressive aud dignified Ghost, Miss R. Cooper an excel lent — no, a very bad — no, a very good very bad Queen. If he had not been aware of it already, Mr. Punch would have been agreeably surprised at the excellence of Miss Corcoran's Ophelia, that young lady's histrionic department being more associated in his mind with the piguante and spirituelle than the sentimental. Of the perform ances of Much Ado about Nothing and the Fool's Revenge, Mr. Punch can say nothing because he saw nothing of them. To-night (Friday) Mr. Stark takes his benefit and farewell, in the character of Macbeth, and to-morrow evening a new drama, abounding in striking " situations" and strong dramatic interest will be produced, entitled " Under the Gaslight." This drama is of American origin, and had a tremendous run in the United States. The Panorama of the American War at the School of Arts still continues to hold its own on the score of attractability. Several most interesting additions have been made to the series of views, which now amounts to a complete pictorial record of the great Civil War. In fact, it is one of the most improving exhibitions of the kind that ever appealed to the suffrages of the Sydney public. To old and young, travelled and untravelled, it is alike interesting and acceptable, whether by recalling old scenes and associations to the one, or placing, in proprid forma, before the other, "green fields-and pastures new " to them — except by description. Mr. Punch con gratulates the proprietary on their success, and compliments them on the very high order of merit possessed by their interesting and pic turesque exhibition. , ? , 