THE CHRONICLES OF SHAGPAT. THE HATCHING OF THE BILL. WHEN the Caliph was about to depart, and while the people of the land suffered, inasmuch as the finger of taxation pressed heavily upon their loins, it came to pass that the Viziers who had ruled over the inhabitants were dismissed, and new ones of the sect of the sheep-washers were to be taken in their place; and one Hubble- ' bobbeel, who was ferocious in appearance, and picked his teeth in the presence of the coun- | cQlors, gat to himself two who were of lean and hungry aspect, and had before time been in the service of the Caliph, and profited him nothing. , and their names where Whimpeerer, who pre- , sided'over the followers of the fiddle, and Con- ! fadtseed, who dwelt in the regions of bewilder ment, and the three begged an Effendi of the | law to preserve them from breaking the statutes of the country, and when he had consented they ruled over the land. j How, it befell that in those days the nation j looked for the hatching of a bird which Bhould j be of the breed of that goose which in old time j laid egga of gold, and which was of the nature | of the Lande-bille; for from old time it had been declared that the eggs which it should lay should cause fatness to the souls of the people. And when Hubble-bubbeel and his friends heard the cry of the multitude they assembled the counsellors and scribes, and they who devised the laws, and said unto them, "Lo, we are about to incubate on an egg which is of the race of the Lande-bille, and thence shall we hatch that which the souls of the multitude desire." And the counsellors replied, "It is well; that which is spoken do ye incubate, and we shall see what will come thereof." And the scribe of the assembly recorded the words, and— grinned. Bat it was so that the counsellors were di vided in opinion as to what this long-wished for fowl should be, and what should be the color of 'itseggs. And certain of they who had flocks and herds, and were the slaves of the goblins of gold, claimed that the yolk of the eggs should be theirs as of their right, whereby they might increase in strength, and rescue them from the chains wherewith they were riveted. But there were found of the profane and intermeddlera who worshipped not the goblins, and derided their slaves, who affirmed that their bondage was of their own creation, and that the eggs should be for all. But herein was the lack of wisdom that none knew what sort of bird should be pro duced by the incubation of Hubble-bubbeel and the other viziers, nor* whether the egg might not be addled in the coarse thereof. Nevertheless, they continued to dispute until the time drew nigh for the hatching of the fowl, and they held the breath of expectation. And on the appointed day Confudtseed arose in the assembly of the learned, and withdrawing the coverings from the cage of state produced therefrom a decrepid and ungainly fowl, which he declared was descended from certain birds of like kind whioh, in the days of old, had belonged to one Tiberius Gracchus, a heathen of doubtful re nown. But when the creature was shaken, its feathers dropped away from it one by one, until, to the astonishment of the friends of Hubble-bubbeel it gave a feeble cackle, and, falling upon one side, made as if it were about to give up the ghost. And Hubble-bub beel and bis prophets roared aloud in their Texation; and Whimpeerer betook himself to his fiddlers, but the soul of their goose decayed within it, despite of their roarings and their fiddlings, both by day and by night. And there arose great strife between the learned as to the nature of the strange fowl that lay Bhivering before them. But there were two physicians who bad come from a far dis tance to prescribe for the hatching of the Lande-bille, which wasto lay the eggs of vitaUty, and they were friends of Hubblo-bubbeel and his followers. And, as is the nature of friends in such assemblies, they reviled the Vizier Confudt- Beed, and spat upon the divan, and declared the bird that had been hatched to be but a very florry goose, and unfit even to live. And Hub ble-bubbeel tore his beard, and picked his teeth, and Whimpeerer commanded his fiddlers to play, and recited an ode. But the Effendi of the law closed his eyes in sleep, and saw not the bird. And the finger of perplexity was on the lips of the eloquent. How one of these physicians was a man of smooth aspect, and pleasant in the fluency of tongue ; and the other had written certain j books on the genealogy of the sacred bird, and was mighty in drawing the bow. And when they had discoursed a space, an old Vizier of great renown arose, and, stroking the chin of wisdom, bade the two physicians and the Vizier Oonfudtseed to take up the bird, and carry it into a Becret chamber, and there deviße what Bhould be done, a.-d at fit seasons report to the learned what had been done. Then they who had been perplexed were relieved, and the bird being carried away as was bidden, the scribe of that assembly wrote the record in the books thereof, and—grinned. And after a space the two physicians and the vizier Confudtseed brought back the bird which they had taken. And 10, its feathers had grown and its courage was restored, and it held up its head and cackled as a bird might that should lay multitudes of eggs. And the physioian smooth of aspect and gracious in words, declared that they had fed it upon a corn called homestedt, by reason of which health had returned to its soul. But it was marvellous to see how that neither in shape nor plumage nor color was it in anywise like unto the unsavory fowl which had been committed to the chamber of secrecy. Never theless, Hubble-bubbeel swore that it was the bird which he bad helped to hatch, and waxed yellow with indignation when this was denied. Howbeit, the Effendi of the law declared that be understood not the transformation, while the mista of bewilderment enshrouded his mind. And he shook hia head thereat and looked wise 5 but the semblance of wisdom sat not on the countenances of the other Viziers. And when the learned in the assembly saw all this they were wroth. And one Lee-lee, a magician, who knew the law, spake the words, and the bird became armed with sharp claws, and its beak glistened with keenness, so that certain fine animals called " dummees," which the ogres of the sheepwashers kept, should not prey upon its eggs. And an ancient expert, who partook of tho nature of the ghoul, inasmuch as he derived sustenance from dead men, recited wonderful incantations. And a sage, who prophesied day by day what should be, stroked the bird with the hand of patronage, and it grew and flourished, and great was the contention touching the disposal of the eggs which it was affirmed it would lay. And when the most honorable counsellors of the land heard this they desired to know of the bird whose fame was waxing great abroad. And the three prescribed baths having been given unto it, it was carried in sacred so lemnity, and with the accustomed gyrations, to the hall of cedar wherein they sat. And when they beheld the sharpness of its beak, and of its claws, certain who were possessed by the ogres of the sheep-washers became troubled with fits, and howled; and when news was brought thereof to the Vizier Whimpeerer in the assembly of the learned, he seized his fiddle and executed the dance of war. But it befell Iliat, stumbling over the great toe of Hubble bubbeel, he was prostrated, and the fiddle he bore waa cracked, and thenceforth the glory departed from it and from him. But the most honorable counsellors, although they loved not the bird, dissembled, and they fed it with new food, and took fron it the homesteadt which the physicians had given to it, and the claws of the magician Lee-lee; and, moreover, they filed its beak, and its plumage dwindled, and its shape was distorted; and when they bod thus dealt with it they had it carried to the assem bly of the learned, and said, " Lo, there is the bird ye desired; behold, and see if it be not as ye would." And when Hubble-bubbeel and the Viziers Baw it they were in doubt. But when they had looked for awhile and considered that it was bald of comb, long and weak in the shanks, and swayed its tail to and fro as it waddled, they beheld their own image, and em braced it as if it had been as it came from their own incubation. And the physicians who came from afar off were divided thereon. Then the magician, Lee-lee, and the spirit who partook of the nature of the ghoul, and the sage who foresaw what was to happen, arose, and, with the physician of smooth aspect and gracious language, and they who were like-minded, betook themselves to their incantations, and behold they restored the claws and sharpened the beak. And when homestedt of purity was not to be found, they administered that which was of the next best. and so the bird revived, and grew less and less' like that which had been first hatched, and the image of the three Viziers faded therefrom. But a certain ghoul of the mines, who had ascended from a black pit known to men as Bu-eh-rom, emitted a pestilential odor, which befouled all on whom it fell to destroy it. Inasmuch how ever as he was blinded therewith himself, he knew not all times which way the odor should fall, and thence it happened on a certain time that a large measure thereof becameblown down the throat of Hubble-bubbeel, whose breath ever after partook of the evil nature of that odor. But the bird sustained no harm thereby. And when the most honorable counsellors heard of this, they were dismayed. Nevertheless they declared that they would destroy the bird they hated ; but, by reason of fear, strength was not in them. So it came to pass that the order was given, sealed with the seal of the Caliph, and adorned with the image of the Sul tan, that the bird Lande-bille should be respected as the descendant of the goose which laid golden eggs in the old time, and should be left to dis tribute the like vitality on the land. But the people who looked on saw not with certainty that the bird would lay the eggs they de sired—inasmuch as Hubble-bubbeel and Whim peerer and Confudtseed declared it was hatched in accordance with their own heart—and no one who knew the first shape of the fowl be lieved the word of truth to be in them ; and moreover the keeping of the brd was to be com mitted to certain priests of the god "Board," whereof one, who afflicted with a strong desire of sleep all whom he would destroy, loved not the bird, or its beak and claws. Wherefore they feared that the laying of the golden eggs would be slow, and that the people might not profit thereby. And there were of the learned in the assembly of scribes and counsellors who were perplexed with like doubts. So while many hoped, there yet remained perplexity in the land. 