M-ISCSLlrANSOUS. TJEES Her. W. M. Punshon, M.A" who is about .to risifc the United States and Canada, was presented in Lond&n; with a testimonial * consisting of 703 guineas and a-salver, which Lad been subscribed-for bj his. friends. PKOFESSOE Agassis has recently been lec turing in America, advocating artificial fish culture. He declared his conviction that-of all animal- substances fish was the best adapted for food for those engaged in great mental labour, as it was the most nutritious in, repairing the wear and tear of the human brain. Asr electric organ is being built by Brycg soii Brothers for Her Majesty's Opera, Theatre Boyal/Drury-Iane. The organ is to be erected at a distance behind the scenery, as usual, but the organist will, for the first - time, take his place near the conductor, and in the orchestra. An electric cable of in sulated ^ wires will pass beneath the stage, connecting the toys with the instrument. Orchestra. MB. Peabody, it is said, lent the Pope £200,000 before quitting Eorue.-Court Jour nal. A LETTEE from Tiaret, province of Oran, reports that a-French column, operating in the vicinity of G-ery ville, was caught in. the snow on the. 8th of March, <\nd hemmed in for more than forty hours. Hamed Ben DjidiYcousin and lieutenant of Si-Hamza, the Arab insurgent chief, being in the neighbour hood with a strong force, thought the oppor tunity a good one to attack the French troops. -These latter, how ever, had the advantage, and the others lost 150 men and the whole of their sheep,aoout fifty horses, and 860 camels laden with provisions. The French had only a dozen wounded. A. SINGULAR INTOTICB OF MOTION.-SirJer voise Clarke Jervoise has perplexed the students ol'.the notice-paper of the House of Commons by placing upon it a notice drawn up in the following terms :-".To move that an humble address be presented to Her Ma jesty, praying that she will be graciously pleased to cause such inquiry to be instituted into the spread of disease by infection (distin guished from contagion) as may tend to check legislation and action in cases unsupported by the evidence, which in times of excitement saves a people from the commission of great crimes or great follies." MEAT PRESERVING.-Many interesting ex periments are being carried out with the recently introduced " bi-sulphite of lime" barrels o? beef and mutton are being operated upon ; both carcasses and joints are now hanging up which were killed and dipped over a month since, and are now, apprently, as fresh and firm as the day upon which they were slaughtered. We hope to be occasionally informed of the results of these experiments, ns, in our opinion, the preserving powers of this liquid will be called >into requisition throughout the entire colonies. A few vessels are already supplied with meat simply dipped half an hour in the solution, and" which, we understand, is all that is required. Upon their return from their present voyages we shajl be able to ascertain the result. °If the " bi" really has the Virtues it is reported from good authority to possess, our meat salesmen, hotelkcepers, squatters, and in fact all meat consumers, ziiay bid defiance to our hottest weather, and, by a very economical outlay, prevent the. loss of a single pound of meat. A quart of the " bi,'* a pound of salt and two gallons of water mixed, and kept covered in an earthenware jar, or wooden vessel, is all that will be required by any notable housewife to prevent any objectionable change taking place in cither meat, fish, game, or even butter. We understond that a small pamphlet is about being printed, which, we trust, will contain full " instructions for use," and be -well circulated before the ensuing summer. Melbourne Economist. _ HEAT .WITHOUT COAL. - Recent scientific discoveries should do much (remarks the Hiining Journal) to lessen the alarm of those who fear the exhaustion of our coal fields. JVIr W. Pond, of Newark, U.S., remarks that economists have speculated on the possible dis covery of some method of producing heat in dependant of coal, and the decomposition of water has been regarded, as a probable expe dient. "With "our present knowledge appliances it appears not to be difficult to realise this proposition, even in competition with coal at least in a small way. The agents are cbyious-wind power, a magneto-electric ma chine, oxygen and hydrogen gasholders, and the .electrolysis of water. The result would be that oxygen and hydrogen would be available for the production of the heat which would be required. For use in the arts the oxy-hydro gen furnace would of course ofier advantages Jar above any other known, and results could be reached impossible with the lower temper ature of the coal fire, while the flame would he free from deleterious substances common to coal. Owing to its gaseous properties and the iatensity of its heat, this fuel would be man ageable in many ways impracticable with coal. For instance, seams could be hard-soldered with great rapidity with the jet o'fthecompound blow pipe, and it is probable that the joints of steam "boilers could be heated for welding itr a suit able oxy-bydrogen jet. FIFTI'-TIIEEE candidates have offered them selves at the Royal" Society for the coveted F.11.S. Of these, fifteen are physicians, six are surgeons, and eight are chemists. The council, however, can only recommend to the society fifteeii for election every year, so that tbjh'ty three of these gentlemen must be disap pointed. The Election will take place in June. 112fow pUt that right back where you took it from 1" as the girl said when her lover snatched a" kiss. WHEN sorrow has left its " traces,"' what has become of the rest of the " harness ?' SNOOKS says the prettiest sewing machine pe ever saw was about seventeen years old with short sleeves, low-dress, and gaiter boots ,on. WHY is a person trying to say something witty like a dog's tail ?-Because he is inclined to be waggish. A U GHOST," which caused much trepida tion nCuT Handsboro , IVlississipi, was so fright ened on its second appearance, by a display of . firearms that it has not appeared since. A KBMASKABXiS SKATING PEAT,-A TOUKG I ADX SKATES TIIIETX SUCCESSIVE IIOGBS. At three o'clock on Friday afternoon, Miss Anna C. Jagerisky, a young lady 17 years of age^commenced the task ol'skating 30 hours which she finished at J) o'clock last evening in the presence of at least 1,500 spectators. Un like others who have attempted ieats of walk ing and skating against time, thislady started at a rapid gait, which she kept up durin'' the ^ntire 30 hours, with the exception of a few minutes"allowed for rest. At 8 o'clock, Satur day morning she stopped to exchange skates as those she had worn on the previous day and , flight had been strapped §o tightly as to impede jcircu'ation, and as soon as her skates were removed she danced across the room declaring herself as fresh as when she commenced. She ate very little .'during the tiaiej but drank at intervals of two hours a cup of strong choco late, whieh seemed to stimulate her more than anything else, although, in fact, no extraor dinary stimulants were necessary.. Towards noon yesterday she complained of sleepiness, j which soon wore off, but she suffered consider ably by reason of a swollen .knee. As nioht I approached the number, of visitors, increased rapidly, and at 8 dTclock the park of enclosure was literally jammed,while hundreds of men, jvomen and children, were posted outside all aiound the park. . A rope had been stretched across the north side of- the park', extending the entire length, leaving the space some 20 feet wide for the skater.: .Notwit jtisfandino- this precaution and the efforts of the police, the crowd several times surged against - the fope. One individual, whose anxiety to get £ view of the young lady overcame his caution, . sprang ov"er the rope and fell at full length upon the" ice immediately in front of her, knocking her completely off her feet. As she had consumed the whole time allotted for rest, the referees instructed " her to go on.-. Aside from this no accident occurred. At five minutes to 9 the band struck up a lively air, the gallant little skater flew over the ice, and the_ crowd cheered . again and again. Pre sently the time- keeper -announced "time." when a general rush was made for the door way, and for half an hour the jam was fright- ' ful.- After a time the police were enabled'to clear a /path for' the skater, while she ran swiftly to a hack standing near by, and was conveyed to her home, No. 446, Beaubien street. We doubt if a more .remarkable feat of endurance was-ever performed by any woman.-Detroit Free Press. To PRESERVE PEGGED BOOTS.-The strongest and. cheapest boots and shoes worn in this country sometimes fail, owing to the shrinking of the wooden pegs. A. very good remedy is to" rub petroleum along the line where the upper _leather is-joined to the sole, When the pegs are saturated with this oil they resist the action of wet and dry weather. -NEW USES FOE ?APER.-In America, pails washing basins, and pans of all sorts are being made out of paper. They are light, particu larly cool, and may without injury be placed in an oven till the water in them boils. There is also a company in New Jersey who nianu- - facture a patent waterproof paper, extensively used for building, purposes, said to be cheap and durable, and used in place of shingles, tin and slate, also for weather-boarding walls, ceil ings, and even for carpets, that are hand somely designed and will wear many years. EXTRAORDINARY- PEAT.-The following is the"" nub " of a j'arn which is told about a big whisky-guzzling fellow, who came home drunk one night, and sat down by -the fire to warm his feet, which were regular beetle crushers; 'Says the legend, after dozing some time, he awoke chilly; the embers were entirely hidden from view, and seeing his feet mistook them for his little boy, when with a majestic side wave of the hand, he said, " Stand aside my little son, and let your poor father warm himself." * EFFECT OF MUSIC OK COWS.-The Athenanini relates the followingAt a residence in this neighbourhood a flower-show was held on.the* lawn, which was separated by iron railings irom a field where several cows were grazing. When' the band began to play, the cows, which were at a considerable distance, simultaneously' ceased grazing and came up towards the lawn, standing in a row, with the greatest interest and astonishment. When the band ceased playing they moved away to a distance, where they could graze undisturbed by the crowd, but always returned and watched the band when it resumed playing, with the same apparent interest and absorbed attention. 