MR. JOHN SMITH'S VISIT TO SYDNEY. LETTER III. HE GOES TO SEE ALL THE SIGHTS, AND SUGGESTS A NEW STYLE OF ILLUMINATION. I DON"T know as there's a grander site to be seen any where than to see the bush afire, — specially in a thick scrub, where there's a close growth er timber. In anythink of a open forest it ain't nothink so very per- ticler, for it just goes running along the ground, licking up the dry grass and dead leaves, and making a bit of a spirt when it comes to a heap er dead bows, and flaring up a bit when it comes to a tree. It lays hold er the flakes er dry bark as hangs down from the trunk, and runs up it quicker nor a possum chased by a warrigal, cutting amongst the bows and laying hold of er dead'un, and walking inter the holler pipes, sending out the smoke like the chimbly of a steam engine, and then blazing out all ofer sudden when the fire gets er hold. But lor, all this ain't nothink to talk on, after all, and the kids might go and play at jumping over it anywhere's. But my word its another thing when the fire's in a close scrub, and God help the poor chap as is caught in it there. There's no crawling along the ground there, for the flames travel like a wall, twelve foot high, taking the whole hite of scrub at one grip, and seeming to crumple it up into nothing in an instant, and afore you can see how it's done. The flame don't seem to lay hold of it or to be fed by it, but just to pass over it and leave nothing behind. There's a roar, and a crackle, and there's the fire on ahead roaring and crackling over another patch, and there's the black and smoking stems er the plants, with the ends tipt with red fire, and that's all that's left. And then to see the leap as the fire makes as it comes to er tree, fairly jumping right up into the top branches with one spring, and making er reglar pilfer of fire in no time. My word that wakens up the old possums, and tinges their coats for 'em a bit. But they're down to it, they are, and don't show a whisker, but just lay close and chance it. On and on it goes, atrying to get ahead of the wind, as is a driving it on, just as if it wanted to do all the mischief in its power, and didn't care so long as it wenter head what became of what was behind, whether it was burnt, or whether it wasn't. The scrub's soon used up, but the trees go on smoking, and burning, and blazing, and glowing for hours and hours after the fire's miles and miles ahead. And every now and then a bow comes crashing down, and raises a spirter flame and sends uper shower sparks; and sometimes a old tree as is rotten at heart gets burnt through and comes down wallop, with a sounder young thunder, and shaking the ground and filling the air with smoke, and sparks, and dust, makinger fellow feel much more seriouser by the soundcer the falling ruin, which is a deal more solemmer than the roar and the crackle of the flame. Itser terrible thing, is a bush fire, but it's useful in it's way if it's only for the vermin as it clears off. Yet somehow it always makes me uneasy, because there's no knowing where it'll end, when once it starts. Many years ago, when grass was more plenty than it is now, for the runs watn't so overstocked, we useter burn of the long grass at the ender summer, so as to have a young springer grass for the autum lambs. There ain't no need to burn off now, for the runs is so overstocked that there ain't no long grass to be found, and what there is is all wanted for feed, and they can't afford to lose the long tussocky grass that we wanted to get rid of. Well, with all the care as we tcok, and there wass't to many people pitched about the bush as there is now, what with gold digging and free selection, but even then there useter be accidents as well as a many narrow squeaks that made me geerun of lighting up, specially where there was much grass or scrub. Now I could'nt help thinkinger what a fine illumina- ation it woulder been to welcome the Prince, if he'der come only a week or two sooner, when the bush all round Port Jackson was afire, and when he coulder seen the blaze far out at sea. Mind I'm not such a muff as to recommend as sucher a thing should be done a purpose; but if the fire had happened just accidental about the time as he come, ineteader two weeks before, it woulder been a illumination worthy of a prince to make a bonfire of a forest as had been hunderdeer years growing. It woulder give him something to talk about. They did'nt burn down their harbor nor set their rocks alight, but still the Sydney people come out well. I must say that the fiery dragon was a stunner, though he fritened the captains of somer the ships, and oner them told me he'd run out a gun to sink the blamed thing if it had come any nearer to his ship. It was fine site altogether that harbor illumina- tion, what with the dragon, and the ships, and the shore, and the fireworks, though it was'nt anything like such a great complimentts to the Prince as a natural illumination woulder been. Now I never coulder believed that the Sydney chaps were so game as they showed themselves to be. As a general rule when I've come down to town in sloppy weather I've see 'em rapping theirselves up and only poking their noses outer the houses to get into cabs and buses; but here I found 'em cutting about in the mud, and a boxing about in the rain just as if they liked it better nor any thing else. And then to see the way they larfed end joked and chatted, though they was a going up to their ankles in mud, youder thought they'd been useter that, and nothing else, and that they liked it as well as walking on parler carpits. My word! it staggered me, and no mistake. No- body'le be able to say arter this that Sydney men is either sugar or salt, and that there's any fearer their melting in the wet. I wasn't comfortable over the harbor illuminations, for you see I got my Betsy with me, and she was in one of her states all alonger the bonnet as had gone into smash down the back of her neck, so as it was as much as she could do to find it when she wanted to take it orf when we got home. She couldn't get another the nowheres, as all the shops was shut up, and you couldn't get nobody to sell nothing, barring fruit and cakes and lollypops, all the same aser Sunday. Well, you see she had to rig up my felt hat with ribbins and flowers outer the bonnet, end her precious old iron bark mug didn't come out well under it, specially as she was most outrageous grumpy. She'd been one time to see a regatta in Woolloomooloo Bay, and she'd had a good siter everything from the rockser the Domain, so she thought as she'd see everything in the arbor if we only went there. When she's in oner them there tempers I always draw it mild and let her have her fling, and so she has the lead, and she takes me about everywhere where there wasn't no illumination to be seen. And would you believe it she blowed me up after because she didn't see nothing, saying as it was all my fault, when it was her as had led me. "I suppose you call this here pleasure," says she. "No," ' says I, "I didn't call it nothink." "Its bad enough to go trapesing about the mud when your obliged to go inter the milking yard," says she," and I don't grumble getting wet a looking arter the pigs, but to be cutting about in the wet and mud, all for nothink, and just to please a long ghost as'd er been better at home." "Now you've hit it, Betsy," says I. "You bring me here, and then you don't show me nothink," says she. Now you see that was too bad, as it was she as brought me. But I let her go on, poor old gal, just to blow off the steam, and I didn't even get my shirt out when she said, "I aint a going to be dragged away inter dark corners, where I can't see nothink, just because you're ashamed to be seen about with your own lawful wife." But she was wore out, and was soon asleep when we got home. Next day, I see the Prince for the fust time, just the same as everybody else did. I suppose the show gave general satisfaction, as everybody see it; for though they say as they look him round to show him the town, I'm sure as they took him to make a show of him. I know I'm a blamed old fool, but when he come opposite to me, I shouts out, "Hooray " and I can thout a bit when I like, and I sings out, "You're welcome to the land of the cornstalks, and if any one says as you ain't, let him come to John Smith for a settlemen " and with that I hoorays again. Well, you see, just about then the Odd Fellers' banner had been took by the wind, and the six men as formed the crew to navigate it was carried off, and run in right amongst the Foresters with their bows and arrows, and gent 'em all in flying amongst the Sons'er Temperance, and then in the tangle the cords 'er the banners got amongst the legs 'er the Sons, and set 'em staggering very suspicious. The fire engine men, thinking as they was agoing to be left behind, set up a run and came down amongst the chaps as was carrying wands and cushions and all sortser "pomps and vanities" as my old friend John Stewart call 'em — and a good man he is and one as is a credit to the Parliament. Well, the people all cheered thinking as the fire engine was a going to turn round and do some pumping or somethinger the kind; but when it got down amongst the rest it seemed to tie 'em all up into a knot end to mix up all the Sons and the Foresters and Odd chaps all together. The police officer was a good ten minutes getting'em rite again, and all that time there was the Prince a snetting opposite to me, only he was in his carridge and I was a standing on the Racecourse. That's just how it was as be happened to hear what I said. He waser taking orf his hat to everybody all about, but when he hears me, he looks over to me and nods quite friendly and then gives me a wink as much as to say " I shall know you again, old man." Then I hoorays louder nor ever, and I see him lean forward and say something to a young feller with mustarchers as set in the front seat, and the young feller turns round and looks at me through his quizzing glass. I eee him looking, and as I was as gooder man as him and wouldnt have him poking fun at me, I nodded my head to him sharp and quick, just like saying, "How are you, young feller." He was wide awake, for he knew what I meant, and nods back to me and larfs; and he said something to the Prince and the Prince larfed, and they both turned again and nodded to me as the carriage moved on. The police had got the Sons and the Bow and Odd menouter their tangle, and damped the fireman a bit so that they got on all right again, and of course I didn't say nothink more to the Prince. All this water as is a coming down upon us keeps my hands fuller work, so I ain't much time for writing, else l'der writ to you a longer letter, specially as there's things I want particular to tell you; and there's my lower paddock dead under water. Congewoi, Lower Hawkesbury. SULPHITE OF SODA IN THE TREATMENT OF ERY- SIPELAS. — Dr. Addinell Hewson says, according to the New York Medical Record, he has obtained results from the use of sulphite of soda in the local treatment of erysipelas, which have been to him both interesting and surprising. In extensive trial of the remedy, both in hospital and private practice, he has never seen it fail, when thoroughly applied before the deep planes of cellular tissue had been invaded by the disease. Before such parts had become affected, a solu- tion of ten grains of this salt to the ounce of water, thoroughly applied on lint all over the surface affected, and to a considerable distance beyond it, and covered with oiled silk to prevent the evaporation of the solution, had not only produced a decided bleaching effect on the discoloured surface in every such instance, in the first twenty-four hours of its use, but had invariably destroyed all traces of the disease in forty-eight hours from its first application. The fact was the same, whether the application was made in the traumatic or idiopathic form of the disease. He has thus cured twenty-seven cases, seven of which were of idiopathic erysipelas. Even in the cases where the deep planes of cellular tissue were involved, as well as the surface, the disease on the surface was always apparently affected by the application. It was most positively bleached in all instances, and in many was evidently destroyed, within tbe period above stated, even while that in the deeper part proceeded to suppuration. 