GHOST IN COOMA. - Every town of any note possesses something supernatural appertaining to it -some well·known local ghost, or some haunted dwellinsg but hitherto we had classed Cooma as an exception in this respect. However, "circumstances alter cases" and we have it In our power to narrate for the especial benefit of the lovers of the super- natural a real live ghost story- and a Cooma ghost too. - We have the anecdote as it was told next morning, in forcible though flowery language to Davy by the survivor of that dreadful night, Jem the Carrier ; the names are fictitious but we have no doubt many of our readers can vouch for this ghost story-Last Wednesday week Jem the Carrier had business in Cooma; so he harnessed up bis team, touched up his leaders, and away he went gaily on the road ; after bestowing a few blessings on his off-sider and near-sider, his well-greased dray-wheels rolled him speedily into Cooma, the scene of his destination. Business engaged his attention the greater part of the day ; so towards the evening he camped at the well-known resort for carriers, unfixed his horses, gave them a feed. and turned them into a paddook for the night The billy was then un- slung ; and before long, by the help of a convenient fire, it responded in very warm terms to the solicita- tion of Jem the Carrier. He then unlocked his "grub" chest, end satisfied the craving wants of nature. Jem now thought of his horses he got a good feed of hay for them, and put it in the bed of the dray, which he covered over, shafts and all, with his tarpaulan. Everything being all right, he strolled up the town just as the stars began to twinkle and dance merrily overhead, and meeting a few friends Jem had a yarn ere he retired to rest. It was a bright and beautiful moonlight night, though "Jack Frost" was rather too persevering, when Jem the Carrier started for his camping-ground, and ere the night had far advanced Jem was coiled up in his blankets, enjoying sweet, refreshing slumber. At the dead hour of night, ere Cooma had put on her mantle of white, Jem the Carrier woke up, his thoughts tending towards his precious "billy," which he was sure contained some of the best Tokay. HarkI Some dreadful sounds arrest his attention- from all parts of his dray there seem to be wrestling of evil ones, gnashing of teeth, while, as Jem says, above the din could be heard a fast and furious chorus of deathly music, "crunching, munching, grunching;" and to this strange and weird tone Jem kept time through dread. Our friend's hair stood erect : he lost all inclination for the soothing beverage contained in his burnt and blacekened "billy," and helplessly awaited the conflict with his ghastly enemy. With time he at lest gained courage to rise, opened his trembling eyes, and made a minute but cautious Inspection of the dray not forgetting to search the Immediate vicinity of his whereabouts. All seemed wrapped in sweet slumber the moon was shining brightly, seeming to be the reigning power; nought else met his feaful gaze. He imagined he had been the victim of nightmare : so he invoked the powers of the soothing god of sleep, and went to bed. Again the horrible din-the gnashing and wrestling-the "crunching, munching, grunching"-assailed his ears. Sleep he could not; so be rose up. He went to the tail of his dray, lifted the tarpaulin, looked at his feed of hay, and seeing nothing there felt convinced his camping-ground was the ghastly midnight walk of the perpetrator of some horrible tragedy. Dire forebodings filled his heart! He walked about to calm down his agitated fears; but the sharp frosty nights of Manaro drove him very reluctantly to his humble retreat-but there was no rest for him. The noise had increased tenfold, and our hero, in order to shut oat from his gaze the sight of any apparition, covered himself from head to foot with his blankets. Nearer and nearer came the dreaded sounds; but, above all, Jem couldn't stand the music. He resolved to dress himself, and procure a stimulant to allay his shattered nerves. But what sees he now? Where he had left two propstiks under the shafts, there are now six! Poor Jem says he was "nailed to the spot - I couldn't stir for all the gold in Australia! I thought it was the four-footed devil of Cooma coming to pay me a visit." lie spent a full balf.hour contemplat ing the awful sight, and he felt convinced he saw the cloven foot. lie shut his eyes In the hope that the apparition would melt away; but the ghost was inexorable. The cold sweat formed In big drops on the carrier'i forehead, and he fervently prepared to wrestle with the evil one. Ohl didn't Jem pray for daylight ; the minutes seemed to him like days. DAey here asked Jem if he had had a nobbler, and our friend said all be had was" two nips." "What did you have for supper, Jem " "Nothlng but salt horse, damper, and a pot of tea." "Then it oould not have been nightmare." " You're poking borak now, Davy; did you ever hear of a chap gnetting the nightmare on salt tack and damper ?" Even Daen wis convinoed'.it was a ghost "all in white. "No," says Jem the Carrier, "I'm darned if It was the nightmare. ,:I mustered up all the courage I had remaining, and prepared to learn my fete. I crawled up to the shae,, notwitbhstanding that the horrible noise still continued, and determined: to have a good look at his satanio highness, even if I died for It. Then-" "You needn't rsy any more," interposed Davy; " he vantshed In a flame of blue fire, leaving behind a strong smell of sul. piur lad brimstone." "No, I'm blowed if he did; he'stood there stock still." "In faith, whose ghost was it then ?' Inquired Davy, all anxiety, " Well," replied Jem the carrier, "the ghost who frightened me iall night was P--s' cream ponyl There he was standing between the two shafts, the tarpaulin completely covering him, with his head In the drays uletly munoching thes ha I had put there to feed my horses in the morning. When Jem made the discovery, fear gave place to rage,' and siloing the whip he made some rigorous cracks at the creamy i but the tarpaulin sared the disturber's back; and he rushed off amidst the--not benedictions, we assure you-of a decided enemy· to nightmare and Coom. ghosts.--Manaro Mercury, .' , Tam RxTv . A. C. I.nas-LThe name of this gentleman hes been frequently made use of In connoo' tion with an event of more than ordinary interest and as aflfeoting the harmony of. the congregation of All Balnts' Church, Clergymen, ell will admit, are now.a.days only ordinary mortals and lir Innes hbas done what a less than ordinary mortal would do-taken unto himself a wife, and a very pretty one too. It will be somewhat out of place at this time and on this occasion to discuss what has been the all.engrossalg topio of the week, and vhloh has :providentlally come to. enliven the flagging gossip of the tea.table and corner, for Parramatta desarly loves a little bit of scandal. The parish has been sadly put out, or rather we should say divided, by this romantto afilri whch likely enough, might have lost muoh of its plquanoy but for an address Mr. Innee delivered to his congregation on the night of Sunday, 28th June. Itegarding the discourse one party o his hearers censured it aesa general deounciation of respectability, it being, as alleged, levelled at the respectable portion of hlIs oongre gation, who had withdrawn their patronage in con. equence of his contemplated'mouai~nere. MIr. Innes in turn denies all this, saying the sermon was prepared hurriedly, delivered nearly extempore, and had no personal signifcation. The marrlage ot Mr. Innes to Miss IUack took place at All Saints' Ohurch on Tuesday last. In the midst of hble happiness he muot have felt more than repaid for his late nxliety in seeing such a large assemblage of smiling faces who had come to greet him or swell the gay pgeant. The magnificent bell pealed forth theiri Joyoue notes' to the olear bright air, ae expect. ant orowdscame bustling In, Theeats and passages ae well as the organ.gallery were quicokly filled up; so that while there' could not be less than sir or even hundred inside the bulding there muet have ?e?sn about two hundred who either preferred to stay outside or else were unable to obtain admisto?on., At about hellf-past eleveu, the wedding party drove up and esatered the church by the restry.door, Pen is eeoak and language falls to attempt a description of he brlde-sufflee it to say that she looked charming. (If our lady friends ere sot satisfled with this, we can only refer them to deecrlptilon'of the ceremony a e ontained i. any sensatlonal novel.) As to the bridegroom he looked-as he ought-extremely happy, . The servie' was performed bythe Rlev. Thoms Smithb; of Sydney,asslsted by .the Ite,. Canon Fletcher (the present temporary incumboent). Trhe rite being performed, the happy couple drove off to fields Elysian, where wewill inthe meantime lesve themo. rr. Mg Merani we may remark, ably ,resided; artthe organ, n played. the Weddlng •iarch, with other appropriate pleoes.' A portion of the reverend 'gentleman'e ,late, congregatlon have cresented him with a familybible a and prayer book.' The children attendlng All Saints'. Sunday. school presented, him with sa ilver: Inkstand and gold penclloase.-Cumberland Mercary, llusatu&s.-Wednesddy.-The; AssAembly met mon Tucedey, and adjourned till to- day, The amended .ddreri was presented tothe Acting.Governor by the opposition, this afternoon i. o their return to the -lou?, IMr, ioKensol said tha s the ministry ten. dered certain advice tothe Alng-o overnor, who refinsused to receive It, pending the arrival of Colonel llsekall. The Ilouse hb adjourned to next Wed. nesday.--Telegram to B. M, lerld;. r , - I.,* tnut.ocvica.'-Wedneslay, 0 p.m.-The despatch in reply to the addressee sent from Victoris, referring d the attempt on the Pl'rince's life, is similar to the one roeived by the Governor of NewSouth Valesr, Nathaniel :e vi is mentioned as a candidate for the ,scant seat easedtby the death of the IIon.' r. herwtln.--Tbheofolal documents state that' )0 ouonces of unclaimed gold are In the treasry.--The civlil servica exnmlnatlons are fixed for the 3rd 8Se. tember,-Measrs. J. T, Bmith, F. L. Smith, Davrles nd Lalsor are candidates for the chairmanhip oc omtittee.. s iMr. Sherwin'e funteral was largely attended.--8. DlenJamin has been committed for trial fot obtaining goodls on flt pretenoee from IRay anl PeImer.-The banks are consliering the relsolutione: of the chamber of commercoe on the qunesion oi redocign the number of public holldavs. It is pro. blable that the banhs will add two additional days to the list prepared by the chamber, and that the con currenes of the government will then be inrited. Telegrams to Sydney daily pepere. A Ilauva Yorwo LnY.-For some time pet, caly the Launceston Elxaminer, of the lst of August, the gentlemen resilding In one oftlhe diltrlcte near Liver. pool have had their premises frequently visited by thirees, whose object seems to have been to steal the fowls which the gentlemen keep. Ietween nine and ten o'clock on a recent day, the niece of ir. Eatwood was In her onele'e house alone, the ervant having left on some errand; ashe was startled by hearing the cackling of fowls in the hen'pen in the garden, and on looklog through the window eaw two men In the run, which I enclosed by wirework. There were two pitol on the chimoney.plece, one of which was load? rwith small ehbt, and was already capped I the loaded one she took down, a, a armed with this formidable weapon, went Into the garden to attack the two thieves. They were both fn the run, and one of them had a dock under each arm. She immediately plaoed the barrel of the pistol through the wirework, aimed at the lower part of the man's body, and diacharged the weapon. The man attered a cry of pain, dropped the birds, and, with the assitance of bhi companion, climbed over the garden wall into a field, and ecorped. lunaexacsn ATr Moetrusto.-A correspondent of the Deniliquin Chronicle reports i-A few daysao ago hurricane of extraordinary violence passed over this disltrlet; It eroeeed the river about five mniles above this place, destroying everything in its course. At the spot mentioned where it entered the river timier, It seems to have been about sixty yards wide, and hat literally formed a track, felling in ie path trees two feet In diameter, whilLst others of larger aie have been torn up by the roots limbs of trees of immens? lie have been also carried a distanoe of two hundred yards. Its paseage throuBh the timbered country was something awful. The roaring of the wind, the crash of falling timber, and the large qnuantltle of seand and water forced up abore the tallest trees, formed a scene seldom to he witnessed. It travelled from north to south, and I may mention that the weather wa otherwise calm and cloudy,. "Tile lurLitno Palerox STRONO tn PerATal." Last week (relate. the Pantoral Times of iteurday) a sick man wee brought from Ifay and placed In the Deniliquln hospital. Ills name I. John Mitchell, and he appears to have been In the last stage of lung. disease. As he had about £40 upon him, as he also owned several allotments at Footaeray, and as it was certain that he could not possibly recover, two of the committee, with the hon. secretary, waited on the sick man, and on finding out be had no relation. that he could leave his property to, euggested to him thathe should leave it to the hospital, upon which he observed, in a voice which was scarcely audible, "I am no schoolboy-leave the money in the bank; while lcan' shout' (extending his clenched flst as though he were graspin a friend's hand in a drink. uIng boot) I can get plenty of friends." Though in articuloe mortie, his whole thoughts were bent on the prospects of living to enjoy another drinking.bout. He died intestate. . u'rrLvzvo BLActS Wrf Bfrziatrouos Lrcoons. -The Wentworth correspondent of the P'astoral Times states that the information, laid agalost the persons instrumental in supplying the liquor to the blacks, which caused the fatal results recorded last week, were heard laet Mlonday morning, when Mecers. John (ounn and E.gge were fined £t0 each. Ta o Fonce or EAxorLa.-It we. pleasing to see the quiet and unasuming manner ot hia Esrellency the Earl of Belmore, and the Countess, as well aseher sister, Miss OGladstone, on their vist to Denillquin. Like tll well.bred people, they made no fuss. They did not blow up servants or inferloremploy6es; but the vice-regal party were quiet and Inoffensive In public and inprivate. They evidently eschew the slightest approach to snobbery. In the Improvised bll they were cas affhle and as unpretending, per hops more sothen any other party or parties pre aent. The countess and her oer danced with all who asked the honour at the ball-or, more correctly peakinog, the got-up dance-it was so unenpectod that the viceroy and the two ladies (the counted and her sister) had sent on their ball costume with their heary luggage. Still, when eated to the dance, the answer w as"yc,".if they were permitted to attend In ordinary dress. ' They did not crouch themselrea up In a corner in an exclusive way, as some of our prorlncial ladies do In the ball- room-they did not co demean themselves es to indicate alarm lest aoy hne should stand between' the wind and their nobility. They gave their hands freely In the dance -not the arm, as footmen do ladle. when they enter or alight from a carriage-nor did they turn their heads away in ,the * dance as our local Mrs. Brown, or Mrs. Smith, might or would 'do to our local Mrs. Robinson. All was otloe ruc digniltatl--lt was dignity with ese, like true nobility. If the vicit of Lady Delmore and her sister do no other good than setting the example of toleration in oelety among the female portion thereof, it wer:e enough to induce us to wilh that the countess and ihss e Oladstone would repeat their visit periodlaelly, it would teach our ladles to forget the delects of their provincIalism-.as isolation in soeiety ic sure to beget .a very tnbeomlng Auctur. There: I' a French proverb which we should always remember, lamour ropr eel Is plut grand do toua t1 lflatsurs-self.love s unquestionably the greatet of flatterers; :and although it may not be possible to completely divest ourselve of it-indeed to do so wouldbe an eoril of opposite character-ladies in particular sre very apt to Idolise themselves, and look down upon memhere cf their sex with a coldness anda selfhhnese offelln; alye to a degree, which often deform those who nractice these disagreeable peculiarities. 'As a rule -admitting but few exceptions-the aristocracy of the Blritlh Isles are models of gentleness and good breeding- herein is true nobility--not the nobility of casts, but the nobility that is nearly akin to godli nees.-Pastoral Times. STncut aeoti Aait.-r.From the Invtrell corree pondent of the Armidale Enpress we learn that the notorious Ward alias Thunderbolt, has been beh' havlng inrfamously on the stations between Armldale and Inverell. After sticking.oup a station on the Paradise Creek run and taking a horse therefrom, he paid a visit to MIoredun run, sticking-up an out. station about fire miles from the head-station, where It seems be met with a very oold reception. An hour afterwards we hear of him eight miles from the place he first stuck-up, and robbing a poor Chinaman of hie notes. Camplng outside the heal. etation paddock.fence, he appropriated two of the beat station .horsee to ;ls use, but whlich were, fortunately, afterwards recovered. The good people of Moredun, however, were not exactly disposed to put up with the deeperado's performances, for nent day theyturned out, armed to the teeth, and rode 'all day in pursuit I bat the bushranger had made off to hL old haunts at the head of the Macintyre.., SueprLorusenr or PRIsoN' LAnorn-a? EAct Mar?c L.a?on.-From the Maitland Mercury we learn that a meeting wu held in the mechanlos' institute, Maltland, last Tueslay evenlan, for the purpose of protesting against the employment of prison labour In the streets of the municipality, There wae a crowded attendance; and the warden of the district, 8\. SBcholey, Esq., took thu chair. A rosolatlon : that thi meeting fully disagrees with prison labour being employed In the works of the municipallty, believing that an injustlie Is being done to our inll.f starvlng free labourers"-was proposed by Mr. 3reen, and sooonded by Mr. Abbott, who atld that free labour would be actually cheaper than prison labour.': lIle had mnauered the results of the first day'e labour, and'ho found that the ten prisoner. had done just thirty yards, or about the work of two free men, which, at d. pear day would come to 10.., whereas they had to pay 13s. for the guarde of the polsonere. Even apact from the question of ec. penose, hpwever, he thought it a disgrace to the town to hare prisoners 'employed in the streets. An amendment to omit the jpert relating to the" half strvlug free! labousrs' waa negutived, and thb origInal resolution carried. A committee,' consist Ingof dteass. Ewing, Abbott, tuller, and (Scoot with power to add to their number, was appointed to prepare a ptitlon to the munlelpal council of Ea.t Maitland, against prison labour, and the moect log separated with a round of cheeors for the chair man. ...' OIORI $ + r " . * ''Ao ,onxr.n Isoovre o 'or oo Seir.-.On Monday last the adjourned Inquest in the ease of George Smith, who died somewhat mysterioosly at iogolong, wan concluded at hir, liansett'e hotel The prisoenner MIchael Murphy was present In custody, On the jury Teassembllng, the' coroner said that since they' had met he hadreceived a letter from the Inspectorcgeneral of police respeeting the analysli ol the oontents of the stomach of deceased. 'The letter wasu signed "Oharles YWastt" but It did not say who he wes. IIe would read It, and after having done 5o, wulld hand It to the foreman (br., Ootteoll), \+ ? J ' + ' : T lr ? * · • + , • ?: The following is the lettert-" August , 1868. The inspector.general of police. Sir,--I have the honour to inform you that I received on Jane Stalt, from Constatble Itobert Smith, a Jar containing a human stomaheb, and a emall bottle labelled chloro dyne.' The bottle is capable of holding three and a half drache,, and contained, when receired by me, one drachm of the mixture called 'Do. Collis llrown's chlorodyte.' As the ahove-mentioned preo pration is a proprietary medicine, its composition il ept a secret by the manufsatorsrl but it is known to contain a considerable proportion of chloroform, spirit, e tract of liquorice, and the active portion of cayenne pepper,with other ubstanrce to thicken the mixture. The chlorodyne remaining in the bottle had lost a considerable quantity of its chloroform, arising probably from the bottle having been kept improperly corked previous to ito being lot,';and chloroform being very volatile. It ha been stated by some authorities that chlorodyne contains small portions of prussia acid and morphia, but I did not detect either of these substances in the sample In question. I have not had an opportunity of thoroughly examlining Dr. O. Brown's chlorodyne ae imported i such nlovestigation would involve a con elderable amount of time and trouble, ae It is evi dently prepared so as to ofer every difficulty in determining Ite eact oomposition. WVith reference to the human stomach, it yielded a slight evidenoee of chloroform; but the quantity was not sufficient to enable me thoroughly to identify it' From, the state of the stomach when received It was probable that there ws a vomltlng before death. I have the honour, &o.;, Charlks Watt" The letter having been handed to the foreman, the jury retired, and after an absence of about a quarter of an hour, re turned into court with a verdict that they had not sufftlicient evidence to determine the cause of the death of George Bmith. The prisoner was then dis charged from custoey.-Yase Courier. Arccranr.-Ahcoult ten days ago a youth, a son of Mr. Townsend, of Dalton, having delhered a load of timber for the bruce auction at GOnning, was re turning home riding upon hie dray, when one aof his legs got between the spokes of the wheel, anad in trying to extricate it with the other leg, both the ilcus were broken.-Yaos Courier. NewPoe Orrca.-Alo pott.et, oe willt be eatab lished at th following pelasce on the Ist September Swarliow' Nest, near itocileyu Acmroar.-'hed rogret (euy s the Western Fx mlner) to record a somewhat serious accident which occurred to the Irou. J. l Wlaterhouse aon ?Vdnes. toy errningi at the same time we are glad to be able to add that, from latest report, he ia progressing aes favourbly ers could he expected under the circnumn Itances. Whi aht proceeding to fulil an appointment at Guyong, when lust past the Woentworth, he atr tempted to step out of his vehile, and placing hisr foot on the wheel it slipped, throwing him on hie hip. Tering unable to rise, and felot from pain he remained until the assistance of a potserbyp wae fortunately obtained, anrd with diiculty Lucrno was reached, where every attention was rendered by M1r. and MIrs. lates, Information sent to Orange, and the sufferer brought slowlw on in a springaurt .'On exrmInation it was proved that the rightthth wa fractured immediately below the hp. 'Notwith standing that the results of the accident are soff ciently serious, it I estil's a matter of thankf.inee that it occurred in a spot where ssistance wao pro rurable, otherwise the oonsequtnces of expoaure luring so severe a night might haeo proved fatal. PautioeV a r A rotoeRe AT ulosotze ttFoP Lohos OAvus,-On Welnesday, 'July 22, a gentleman had a narrow ecape from meeting withro horrible death. lie and two frienda (says the South Aosral'os~n Register) paid a viult to ths above caves, rsnd;pafer inspecting one of the large ones, he let himself down what is commonly known as the Deep Cavo-about portyitlve feet-with a rope, hand over hand, lering the other two on the surface. Having sepenut some time below, and having doubtless more or lesis e haucted his strength, he commenced o the ascent, which he found more dilffeult than he had imagined, for the nearer he came to the top the weaker be be came. ieo tried at one time to rest upon the rope I hut failed, and of course fatigued himself the more with his efforllts, but bravely pushed on againo,' ad again had to give in. One of those on the top called out, ' hold on, then,"' and polleduptere'bt from thap'oetionn wnhich he so Iod at~ tbhe aids ofth month of he care he pulled the man under a pro Ictino rock and conld not' got him from under It. It was at thi astage a case of life and death. The eight of the mant hangtng on a rope loae to the top, with no apparent means at hand to raise him, hebd - haustod, and a hard rock to fall upon, was one tobe remembered. lowever, he threw out his foot, ond the one who had up to that time been a mere spec tator of the scene ,leaning as 'fr down the care as poseible, caught his beel, drerw him from under the rock, and the one who had hold of the rope pulled him up.. Fron the number of hairbreadth escape tbhat havre taken placehere, the care ought to be either ilerd up or something done to enable viseltors torseo it without yrilk. nhe cave i attractive enogh, and people will go down. The governmenrt haveo been requsated to et ;the carnea in trusotees who would make them sfe if permitted. Inad the adventurer above referred to broken his neck, sometlhing would have been done but as it ir, he had a narrow Ve. believe that Mr. John Yablay is about to start aline of vans to ply, between the metropolis, Gundanal, Adlong, Tunmut, end Wagga WIagge. ils wellknown good characteor, and his scquaintrane with the requirements of the businese 'men of these districtu, ought to render hie new undertakoing a so ce?shl venture.-Ound'gal Times.' , ol, 2 IFro?runsn AT Austoeo, 31st July, from Ellere-le, by elr. o Donrald; sum due atdate of dnotdce, los. 'd.t-u)oned olored gr h oly, i ever 5 off sehoulder, off rum ftar yhornoe,JK off rib, hind fest awhiter, har collioke 0 over tneer shoulder chosnut flly, JK off ribs, smrall blae, roached brsek grey mare,like 0 n near shoulder, white patch on near shoulder; 'grey colt toal, uti branded; grey horne, like 1 t near ahoulder ay colt, near hind foot white, like an indistinct bra .onear shoulder; bay fluly, no visible brsnd.-Aleo, 8th August, from Glmore Creek,by Mr. Boyd; sum due at date of notice, e10i. . eacht-Do· lack mace,TG near shoulder;, star near fore coronet white, pulled taill black mere; SA near sehoulder,near fore and hind feet white, star; chenut'fuly, sunhranded; brown horse, B midoeys near shoolder, ki near rump : cheenut filly, IS near shoulter, ae i block llly, no visible brand; mousercolored Billy, lioke Win with 2 over and It under or ND with 2 over and 1 under near shoulder, hind feet white, strenk i face, pulled tall; bay cob, JA conjoined near shoulder and rump ; black fily, JIt conjoiond' neer shoulder sad thigh, hind eft white, star. To be sold 2th iAuro tton' AT JorntYao,' 3 ris July, from Coppa hells, by order of J Lehae, Eq. cs?um due at date of thia notioa (6th August), £t 4s. Slj, Notice esnt tosruppoead ownr Ir-Perk bay huree, star and snip, from Cwromby, byW. deardiner, Esq. sum due at -date l notic-, o Grd. et-Dlrown entire, starr two hind feet white, hobble strap on leg, FS off shoculder, broken,'4 yeare old, 10 hands high..eTo be solde on S7th Aug uast t. ' .1, ! g set vt 0 SUronedto At MAEu1NOo, O L the ib August from r0 Imentick Morrall, by Mr. T. Tolnt; hau due at at ofn notice set after esrb animal t-Day mare, like 8 near houlder,, brokeln-lie .by colt, ID near shoulder, bald face, off hind fooet whtoe-ll.-Also, on 26th July, from loarengo station, by J. Broughton, Esq.; regietered notice sent to supp osed owner r-Dtark grey'coli'JBtD (the 8 rsveraed) with like JT cnoder nr shoul der, bald fae- o1 dt, Od.-Also; on 2,7th from same plrcel registered notice sentc to esupposed owoorwars-l here,, 8 over PS near shoulder1 bald face, 4 white legs. hitepot on belly, brokuln-Lt Is. To be sold 7th' August' ':' ' InerocotoL AT Nounr YIes, on L rd iAugust; fLo? Downing. by order of re.. D. )i'sheo; for treepoed ingro rop; so m due at date of notice set after each cnolmalt-tirep mare saddle marked, faint bran4 like EMI near ehoulder lise 2 off shoulder-ls. 3d,; chesnut horse star 'coldle marked, like IV over I or J it near shoulder, like - over like Doff shoulder, hi low condition, aged-Ifs. Id.-Aleoeon 4th, froe same place, by order ofl.I) hlineha~j f~or~trespaea in growingcropt-Yeilow working ~ua~ock5 white belly and daubs, near ear marked, bell ott neck, like .)lI ot~ Jt off romp sliqht appearance of like trndo not legible near seoulder and offilbs-1iS. Oi.; dark real working bullock,' piece off near ear, brosh off tall, ike N offshoulderr blotch brand off rump notlegible, like brand not leg ble near ribsr,'i low condition-. 13l. 9d.' To be sold 27th August. ,'IsororOnD AT SlcNALoee on 3rd 'Augus,'.fr", Ilalong, by order of J, 'Ptteraon, Esq. I sum due at date of notice, 4s..6 d-Dlack and white bulloek, loop hocos, near bind leg broken, near ear maked, WILD near ribs, W near ramp, whip-morked oX rlbs. To be cold 27th Auguet., 