THE. ELECTION. (Tbnt eminent, learned, and facetious member of tlio Opposition, Mr Butler Cole Raspemiill, having none over, by a abort cut (En parentbuso " brevity is tbe soul of wit") from the anti-popular faction to tbe ministerial file, lias sent tbo following contribution of " wife siiwa and very modern in stances" tons for publication in the Guardian. Tbe contribution teing on the mr.ole, satisfactory, Mr Rasp-* email bas been placed on our '• occa sional staff,'* with tbe prospect (slightly blue) of permnnent employment, and of a pension in tbo future (very dim) of L1000 a year paid through Mr Ira land.] toasts AND SENTIMENTS TO B1H given in Sale this Evening at a dinner (at present preserved in n cup* board) in gantioipatory commemoration of Mr Ireland's approaching 'deTeatj Dr.' M y in tbe cbuir. By the the chairman—" '1 be Ghost of Mr R. D. I's buried reputation j* Let is R I P," By tbo Victorian Asso ciation .(in a body)—''Squires AntU dote—may its ammonical Memory ho always like its credulous purchasers —qhhen os verdigris."—By Mr Nomimos (of the Gippsland Slimes office, Sale) "Donnelly's Creek and other heathen countries—may tbey ever be charitable to black ingrati tude." Answers to oonitESPoNDENTs.—• Small boy.—Yes, synonymous means just what you have supposed. For instance, Squire antidote, whited sepul chres, Victorian Associations, and reeds broken are synonymous terms. Sy-nony motiB is, however, no relative of Mr Nomimos in Salo. 1 Medigub. Tbe best remedy for that extraordinary complaint, toadyism, is a bottle of Squire3 Antidote, (bottle' and all.) After Swallowing theboitlo the patianf. should be careful not to laugh, as his convalescence might be retarded by in ternal hemorrhage arising from commin uted fracture of tbe glass.——-Abp iuant. Webster defines a " Yarra squatter," to mean" an engineer with ono cow."--— New Publications. — Politico Philulojjy: being a dissertation on the importance of'carpin dating letters to newspaper Editors,—By Blank No mimos, Esqre., Typographical Demon.. Salo: George Golately: 1868. , ■ Outlines of the Boothian Philosophy ; or Seven Good Reasons why politics should be suppressed at political meet ings. By the in venter. Sale. George j Golately 18G8. Narrative of tbe Sufferings.of a Gentleman at Sale, from au accident through being jammed in a corner of the Guardian. By Mr De Miller de Traces do Currant, (oe biud a blunderbuss.) Sale : George Golately ; 1868. Social Reform in Victoria; being an argument i.t favor of a repeal of th» Seventh Com mandment. By u Q(ueer) C(ustomer.) Dedicated (without permission) to His Honor Mr Justice Shoalswortb, and published under tbe auspices of Pacific Itichiud's Conmiiileojbr private circu lation only. 