Sporting Items. Now that the May meeting of the Queens land Turf Club is ranked among the events of the past, perhaps a few words, briefly reviewing the racing, may not be inappropriate. While the meeting could not be considered a great success, it was not by any means a decided failure. Indeed, under the circumstances, and considering the disadvantages under which it was got up, it was, on the whole, better than could have been expected. From pecuniary reasons, the club had to curtail its usual liber ality in the matter of prizes, and this, of course, to some extent, militated against the number of entrances, which, however, were prettynumerous, and the quality of some of the horses was rather above than below the average of those usually attending the meet. The racing itself was throughout very uninteresting, there being no close finishes or exciting contests ; but, never theless, those who went to the races appeared to spend a pleasant time, and were not particular to a length as to the distance the second horse was behind the first when passing the post. The absence of a professional book-maker was not a matter of general regret, and did not prevent a considerable amount of speculation on the different events. The losers had no reason to complain of being done by the artifices of those with whom they made their wagers, as every horse which started ran to win, and there was no pulling or low tricking exhibited. It is to be hoped that the funds at the command of the club will, before the next meeting, be sufficient to enable the committee to make the arrangements about the stand a little more complete than they are at present. The sooner a proper paling fence sur rounds the saddling paddock the better, for something is necessary to keep the roughs out side. The want of a saddling shed is much felt. Although I am an advocate for strict economy, and consider that the club are acting wisely in refraining from all unnecessary expenditure, yet it might be a question for them to consider whether it would not be advisable to raise fundß by issuing debentures, and so get the course fenced in, like it is at Randwick aad elsewhere. At present, the lessee of the gate cannot collect the fees for admission to the ground, and in consequence the club lose considerably every year, as, of course, they cannot expect to dispose of the gate to advantage, if they do not take proper precautions to enable the lessee to obtain the fees he is authorised to levy. A few words with reference to the race itself and I shall then have disposed of the metropo litan annual for the present at least. The Maiden Plate was looked upon by the exceed ingly clever touts as a certainty for Norman, but, as your readers have been already informed, { the race resulted in an easy victory for Pandora, who won it with at least 71bB. in hand. The favorite came in second, being severely punished when he had not the least ghost of a chance. Some jockeys, who could be named, from the persistency with which they continue to flog their horses after they have lost all chance of winning, appear to admire this mode of pro cedure, but lookers- on can generally see when the race is won, and the losing jockeys do not rise in the estimation of the public by punish ing their horses needlessly, either from igno rance or temper. The two cocktails engaged in this race did not distinguish themselves, and the time in which the mile and a-talf was done was not fast by any means. The Corinthian Cup brought six very good horses and riders to the pootj and resulted, as I predicted in my last communication. Hermit coming in first, with Killarney, who was well steered, second. The Prince of Wales Stakes was a mere canter, for Canute, a horse not mentioned in the betting, with Roanoke, a mere pony, second. The Hack Race was well filled, and the winner was found in a bay hone named Barney, 4 years old, by Rattler, the sire of Hermit, the winner of tie Corinthian. The Becond day's sport com menced with the Hurdle Race, of which so much has been written. Killarney was made a warm favorite for this race, but his backers were to a man disgusted at the way he was ridden, or rather attempted to be ridden. His rider fell at-the first hurdle, and through a similar acci dent happening to the rider of Fanny at the third leap, the race was a mere canter for Nim rod, who was beautifully ridden by an amateur. The Ladies' Purse is easily described. Why Not, a grey horse, bred by Mr. Lee, of Bathurst, the breeder of more good horses than any other three men in Australia, faced the starter in company with Chancellor, who was bred by the same gentleman, and a lot of moderates. The Bathurst bred pair had it all to themselves, and Why Not proved too good for the other and won with any amount in hand. The Bris bane Cup Race was divested of much of its interest through the scratching of Pandora, who over-reached herself in the Maiden Plate, and was too lame to rnn. Premier was backed against the field at odds, and the winner was scarcely mentioned. From the start Sydney and Forester went away with the lead, while the favorite and Centipede kept a long way in, the rear. After the first mile and a quarter old Forester " cried a go." The black horse was too far behind to take her place, and when Pre mier tried to go up he found the weight begin ning to tell on him. During the last quarter of a mile he made another attempt, and consider ably improved his position, but not sufficiently to win the 150 sovereigns. The fact of Sydney winning this race must be put down to the rider of Premier having committed an error of judg ment in allowing him to steal a march at the commencement of the race. Some two thousand pounds in bets must have changed hands on the result of this race. However, betting was not confined to a few and no plunging took place. For the Optional Handicap there were five entries, and the weighting of the horses engaged gave great dissatisfaction. Canute, aged, 9st. lllbs.; Roanoke, 9st. 21bs.; Centipede aged, Bst. lOlbs.; CothcrBtone,4yeara, Bst. lOlbs.; and Slyboots, aged, Bst. 71bs. The publication of the weights is sufficient to show any persons who aro at all acquainted with the running of the horses, tbat three of them were handicapped clear out of the race, and unfortu nately all of them were strangers. This is not the way to encourage country people to bring their horses to the metropolitan meetings. Of course, Centipede won. Several private matches came off a day or so after the races. Why Not, the winner of the Ladies Purse, defeated old Forester easily enough in a two-mile race for £20 aside; and two days afterwards he ssored another easy victory by beating Sydney into fits in a three-mile race for £100 aßide. Before the horses started Why Not was backed to win, as his superior quality was very perceptible to good judges. The result of the race showed that breeding will always tell. The northern men were very confident about Sydney, and the result of the match was a great blow for them, for some appeared to think the Peak Downs pet invincible. Most of the horses are now located at Ipswich. I was glad to see that the settling was generally satisfactory, and I hope that gentlemen who had little books on the meeting, and who have not yet squarred up, will soon get them properly balanced. There should be no crying out about being hit hard as an excuse for time to pay off any little trifling amounts which may be due. I hear that both the Tattersall's Clubs are prospering. Both have acted liberally towards the Q.T.C., one having thrown in a fiver and the other a tenner in aid of tbe funds of the club. If such prosperity continues, a New Year's Meet is inevitable. The Honorary Secretary of the Darling Downs Jockey Club informs the D. D. Gazette that the entrances for the handicaps, which dosed on June 1, far exceeded the anticipations of Ihe stewards, and that some really good sport may be expected from the two days racing on the 11th and 12th instant. 