NEWS BY THE MAILS VIA SUEZ. IRELAND. Tho Roman Catholic clergy of the diocese of Meath have put forward a " declaration" on the subject of disestablishing and disendowing the Irish Church. This declaration has been made as a reply to the oft-repeated statement that the Roman Catholic clergy of Ireland generally, and of Meath in particular, are apathetio on the subject of disestablishment. The " declaration," indeed, states that they have been represented as opposed to disestablishment and disendow ment, but this is au exaggeration. They say : We regard the Established Church as one cf the most unjust and oppressive grievances of our country, and therefore we cordially approve of, and will earnestly and vigorously oo-operate in, every effort for its disendowment and disestablish- ment. The statesmen, therefore, who in either house of the legislature, or through the publio preV^ have represented us as opposed to the policy ot J its disestablishment or disendowment, nave '" totally misapprehended our views and entirely misrepresented our real opinions on this subject. In the Dublin Revision Court, by concurrence of all the presiding barristers, it has been decided! that tho signature of the claimant must be proved in every case, whether that of a lodger or any other class of claimant. A second point has boen ruled, that in the case of an entire house let out in tenements, where a landlord does not retain control over tile house " outside the outer door," and would bo a trespasser if he attempted to get admission against the will of the tenants, tho parties are owners by separate tenements, and entitled to bo ratod as occupiers, but are not lodgers. It is proposed to erect an addition to the Con- valescent Home, Stillorgan, to be called the Borwick wing, in memory of the late Judge Berwick and his sister, who were valued support- ers of the institution. Mr. Scully has left his residence, Tipperary, for Loudon, with tho object of obtaining the best medical aid in the removal of one of the slugs from his neck. Her Majesty's Government intend issuing a royal commission, with a view to the encoura- ging and promotiug of the Irish oyster interest.' Evidence will be taken in Ireland, England, and France. Sir Richard Griffith has resigned the office of Commissioner of Valuation iu Ireland, which he has held for about 40 years. Mr. John Ball Greene, late " Superintendent" in the same ser- vice, has b.ieu appointed to the vacant office.' ' It is generally bslieved iu legal circles that Mr. Warren, the Attorney- General, will be the successor of the lamented Walter Berwick in the Couit of Bankruptcy. Mr. Harrison steps for ward to the Attorney-Generalship, and, it. is understood, is not to ssek the representation of Trinity College, which is reserved for John Thomas Ball, as Solicitor-General. This latter gontlemau is one of the Church Commissioners. After l8 days' sitting, the'magistrates holding an iuquiry into the recent party riot in Monaghan hrvo concluded tho case of David Baird, charged with shooting the Roman Catholic, Hughes. The justices have returned the informations to the Attorney-General, that lie may decide how he will proceod. Moauwhilo, Baird remains in pri- son on the coroner's warrant. The report-of the Irish Church Commission, so long expected and BO of ton promisod, has at length soon tbo light. It carno into being in a quiet, mysterious way. When the public had almost ceased to think about it, they wore startled by the annouucamenttliatitwasalreadyin the hands of the booksellers, whore those who chose to pay for it might havo it. Tho most important recommenda- tions .which it contains have already oozed out. Tho commissioners suggest the abolition of the bishoprics of Cashol, Killaloe, Kilmore, and Meath, aud the majority ato in favour of leaving one archbishop ouly, that of Armagh. The Pri uiato is to have an allowance of £6000 a year, the Archbishop of Dublin, if continued, £6000 and the bishops £3000 each, with an additional £500 when attending Parliament. Tho existing dioceses are to be re-arranged, all cathedrals and deaneries, except eight, aro to bo abolished, bat two archdeacons nie to be retained for each diocese. All bonefico3 not having a Pro- testant population of 40are tobe suppressed, and for this purpose the Ecclesiastical Commission»» aro to have extended powers. The total revenues of the Irish Church aro returned at £013,000, and the rent-charge amounts to £320,000. There are various recommendations of a minor charac- ter. On Friday, Sept. 18th, au old soldior named Cochrane, and his wife,wore buried in one grave in Shankhill churchyard. Cochrane was born in 1788, and joined the army in 1807 asagunnor , iu the Royal Artillery, and was discharged in 1818 on a pension of a shilling a day. He was in 13 goueral engagemonts, including Talavera, Vittoria, Salamanca, St. Sebastian, Badajoz, Bordeaux, Toulouso,Ciudad Rodrigo, and Water- loo. He was also iu several minor engagements. During his career ho was wonudud in tho abdo- men, and in tho right hand, right arm, both legs, and hoad. Ho was omployed of late in " blowing" the organ in the Ulster-hall, at which he was engaged till within two months of his death. Cochrauo's wife, nearly as old as he, died within twelve hours of his decease, and, as we have said, they wore interred in one grave. Two mon named Shallow have been committed to gaol at Waterford on a charge of sending a threatening letter to Mr. N. A. Power, of Belle- view, their landlord. On searching thoir resi- dence other documents of a similar character wore found. The station-mastor at Sallins, on the Great Southern and Western Railway, near Dublin, was killed on Thursday, Sept. 24th, by the express train dashing over him as he stooped from the platform to pick up some trifling article ho had dropped from his hand on the rails. His body was dragged thirty yards, and dreadfully mangled. The deanery of Limerick has been bestowed by the Crown upon the Rov. Maurice F. Day, D.D., for many years the incumbent of one of the largest district churches iu Dublin, and an universal favorite iu Ireland. A man named Wise, who is suspected of being the originator of several incendiary fires which have recently occurred on au estato near Cork, the property of a family of the same panie, has been arrested and committed for trial. He wary seen coming from the scene of the last confuí»/ gration just after it broke out. There is some reasou fo'r supposing that ho is insane. Dr. O'Brien, tho Roman Catholic Dean of Limerick, strongly advises the Liberal electors of Ireland not to reject candidates who will vote for " disestablishment and disendowment, and for a sound land law," because their opinions oo othor subjects may not bo equally advanced. " The real issuo now before the mind of Ireland," ho Bays, " is not who shall hold office ; but how shall votes bo secured to oarry disestablish mont, and effect a salutary change in the laid code. To declaro," ho adds, " that we will not havo our work _ done - our owu work-by a man who is not of our way of thinking on other things, would he as wise as to say we would not have it done by a man of a certain colour of hair. Why Î Why, because what ho thinks in other matters has no moro to do with us, if he does our work, than has tho colour of his hair to do with his labour." Dean O'Brien doos not on this occasion, either, fail to onforco his views on repeat. "Tho moment will come (ho statos) for raising the question of self-government, publio economy,and commercial rights and wrongs, cfco. ; but to raise these questions, or any of them, now, must have the effect of putting off all national hope for a score years. The changes which Ireland needs are beyond tho genius, experience, and habits of Englishmen, entirely alien to the manner of English thought, sphere of English knowledge ; and require Irish legislation-tho Queen, Lords, and Commons of Ireland." Auother accident has overtaken the ill-fated Irish mail from Dublin to Kingstown harbour, consisting of an express engine and two carriages, nt half- past 6 on Friday morning, Sept. 25, strode a cow at Sydney-parado Station. Getting off the , track, tho train ian in upon the wooden platform, carrying away about 60 feet of it. The engine was thrown obliquely aoross the two lines of rails, and the driver, stoker, and a couple of other persons wero muoh shaken, but escaped serious injury. Tho sailing of the Holyhead mail boat was delayed an hour. Mr. Mooro, M. P. for Tipperary, has, it is stated, purchased Mr. Scully's property, Mr. Soully being allowed the improved value of the land. i i i The Irish papors give particulars of a desperate .murder committed near the town of Ballin** hinch, county Down, the viotim being a man .named Henry Daveys, Deceased and hit bro thor James left the town in a horse and cart on Thursday night, Sept. 24tb, and at a later hour Henry was found lying dead on the road and bis brother closo by in a half drunken state, and bearing several marks of violence upon him. It was found that deceased,had been killed by the stab of a knife in the right groin. James Daveys was at once arrested, and upon beiug questioned as to the manner of his brother's death, stated that he could not give any informa- tion as to how it occurred, or even how ho re- ceived the injuries himself. No pocket-knifo was found in his possession, although it is known that he had ono late on that day. The deceased aud his brother James held a small farm joiutly, and resided with an aged father about four miles from Bal linahinch, and it is rumoured that a good feel- ing had not existed between the brothers for some time. The Bev Mr. Keane, curate of Harold's-cross, was drowned while bathing alone at a rugged and precipitous place on the shore at Bray bead. Colonel Wilson Patten, the new Chief Secre- tary of Ireland, in place of the earl of Mayo, has entered upon the duties of his office and taken up his residence at the Chief Secretary's lodge, PH^ix-park. fr^str. Thomas Kommis has been appointed Solicitor to the Crown and Treasury. The solicitorship of the Leinster circuit will bo divided into three offices. The Bight Hon. Charles Baron (says the Northern Whig) has been chosen by a majority of votes to be a poer to sit in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, in the room of the Earl of Bantry, deceased. A man named Sheady, who suffered two years' " imprisonment under tho Habeas Corpus Suspen- sion Act as a suspected Fenian, died suddenly a few days ago of apoplexy, and was buried on October 3rd, in Golden-bridge Cemotery. A crowd of 1500 or 1600 persons attondod the funeral, many of them carrying sprigs of laurel. The Philipstown Mills, Duudalk, have been destroyed by fire, believed to have been caused by au incendiary. On Thursday morning, October 1, the house of Mr. P. O'Biien, a shop- keeper in Michelstowu, county Cork, was maliciously burned to the ground. This is the second time the premises have been destroyod by incendiaries. SCOTLAND. : A large and brilliant company assembled in the Music-hall, Edinburgh, on Wednesday morn- ing, Sept. 17, for the purpose of welcoming and of witnessing the presentation of the freedom of the city .to Lord Napier of Magdala. The pre- sentation was made by the Lord Provost (Mr. Chambón), who was surrounded by the Magis- trates of tile city, the members of the town coun- cil,1 and a number of the leading citizens, and among the visitors present were Lady Napier, Lord William Hay, M.P., the Dowager March- ioness of Waterford,Lady Ruthven, Mr. M'Laren M.P., Major-Goneral Biddell, in returning thanks, assured his hearers that he viewed the honor which had been conferred .upon bim as an ample testimony that he and his naval and military coadjutors hod faithfully served their country in Abyssinia, aud as a re- cognition of the fact that from the commanding officer to the private, each had done his duty. , A monument to Alexander tho Third, of Scotland, is to be erected on tho King's Bock, Burntislund, Fifeshire. Mr. E. B. Lockyer, one of the candidates for the representation of the Northern Burghs, has been remitted to a higher court, for illegally .receiving from a postman named Holmes a letter addressed to Miss Sinclair? 6, Fredorick iHtreet, Edinburgh. Some years ago Lockyer .raised an action for broach of promise in the Court of Session against Miss Sinclair. -, The tenantry on the estate of Strathmore, -numbering upwaids of 50, waited upon the Earl of Strathmole, tho other day, at his residence at Glamis Castle, and presented him with a very handsome and costly life-size poi trait of his lordship. Since his lordship succeeded to tho estates of Strathmore, on tho death of his brother, the lato earl, in 1865, he has resided during the greater part of tho timo at Glamis Castlo, and during that time has taken a deep interest in the welfare of his numerous tenantry, in no instance moro so than in the outbreak of cattle plague. Of tho £16,000 to £18,000 damage done by the rinderpest on the estates of Strath- more, the noble lord carne forward and refunded to his tenantry one-half of their losses. The pic- ture aud frame completo are valued at £500. The presentation took place in the dining-room of the castle, which had been specially fitted up for the occason. Mr. Corbett's choap dining places in Glasgow 'have not only fulfilled the most »anguine expec- tations of their benevolent projector, but have apparently been productive of a happy effect in a i direction not originally contemplated. The cooks and attendants are all women, and their habits of ,neatness and culinary skill are so highly prized by the clerks and artisans of Glasgow, that Mr. Cor- bett finds he can seldom keep any of his girls bo yowl a short period. Amid the din and bustlo of the great Parlia- mentary conflict theroisdaugerofanotlicrolection of some importance failing to attract tho attention it deserves. A successor to Lord Brougham in the Chancellorship of Edinburgh University will have to be chosen on the 30th of October. The candidates aro Mr. Gladstone and Lord Justice General Inglis. Mr. G. Elliott has abandoned tho contest for the 'Border burghs, leaving Mr. Tiovolyau in undisputed possession of tho field. Having satisfied himself that the majority of tho elec- tors were advorse to him, Mr. Elliot has acted honorably, as well as sensibly, in rotiring at once ; he has withdrawn like a gentleman, with- out saying an unkind word of his opponent. It must be mortifying to a member of the Elliot family, whose aucostral seat and possessions aro with'in the rango of tho boroughs, to be thus compelled to yield, without a fight, to a young stranger. There is no doubt, says tho Pali Mall Gazette, that Earl Russell's ill-judged inter- vention had a prejudicial effect on the candida- ture Of his relative. . FOBEIGN INTELLIGENCE. , FBANCE. The emperor when about to leave the camp at Chalons ou Friday, Sept. 11, after reviowing the troops gave orders that no military honors should be paid to him at the timo of his depar- ture. < Tile troops, therefore, wero not under , arms on that occasion. The generals and corps oominandeni alone formed a mounted escort for . Ac-emperor on his way to tho railway station. *2fnen the soldiers saw the cortego approaching tbey-hastonod once more to saluto his majesty aud the prince imperial with their warmest chciirs. - His majesty addressed the following speech to the generals who accompauieil bim to tho rail- way' station : - 1 felt very happy during the eight days which I have passed among you. I say nothing moio to you, because the newspapers would be suro to draw prognostications of war from my words, however uiodorate they might be. I thcrofore confine myself to giving expression to my satis. < faction with your zeal und devotion. The emperor, the empress, and the princo imperial left Fontainebleau for Biarritz at 10 .a.tnv« ou Monday, Sept. 14, where tho principal .event of- interest was the interview with tho Queçn of Spain, which is referred to in our account of the revolution in that country. Public anxiety respecting war with Prussia is 1 much, composed. Attention was chiefly turned to Spanish affairs. There was an election of a doputy to the Corps Législatif for the Department of tho Var ou Sept. 15. The number of electors on the register is 35,267, of whom 30,330 voted. M. Poyrue, the Government candidato was olooted . by 17,441 votes, against 12,889 obtained by M. Dufauro, the Opposition candidate. The emperor visited tho camp at Lauuomezau on Wednesday, September 10th. His Majesty was- recoived by tho commandor-in-chief, Mar- shal. Niel, and Goneral Goyot. An immense crowd was present, including tho mayor and numerous inhabitants of 172 communes. The people aud the soldiers vied with oach other in -greeting the emperor with enthusiastic cheers. After a review of tho troops, the emporor gavo a grand dinner to all tho genoruls aud superior officers, and returned to Fau by the night trihi at 7 o olnok. Everywhere on his journey 4iis Majesty was received in the most cordial . and sympathetic manner by the inhabitants, ', Tho Jaurml de Rouen assorts that the French iMiniater of War is preparing to send 80,000 . soldiers to their homos. 1 ' . ITALY. The government has decided to take vigorous steps to restore public order, and to repress tho .crimes aud disorders which have lately been of í frequent oeuurrenoe iu the Bomagua. Deputy Cordova is dead. " The Naziotte contradicts the assertion of the .English1 and french journals that General Menabrea recently demanded from France the withdrawal of the Frenoh troops from the Pon- tifical territory, and that this demand, if not rejected, was met evasively by France. The assertion is without foundation, the Italian cabinet having made no such demand. There is, in fact, no necessity for an explicit request to remind France of the obligation whioh a solemn treaty, fully executed by Italy, imposes upon her. The permanenco of the Frenoh troops iu Italian territory is an irregular fact without justification in tbe preseut state of the Italian peninsula. On the 1st of October, by order of the Minister of War, 10 men from every company, squadron, and battery will be dismissed on furlough. The men will be chosen from the most experienced, best conducted, aud those most requiring leave. This measure will effect a reduction in the army of about 17,000 men. The company who has contracted with the government for farming the tobacco monopoly have published a notice of the issue of bonds to cover tho advance of 180 millions in gold,' mode to the government. 474,000 bonds are to be issued at 500 lire, of 410 lire in gold, which is equivalent to 8897 in paper. The subscription will be opened on the 6th, 7th, and 8th of Octo- ber. The interest dates from the 1st July last. ROME. The Official Journal publishes a letter from the Pope to the bishops of the Eastern Rite not in communion with the Apostolic Seo. His holiness laments the division, and invites the bishops to the Ocumeuical Council in order to remove the existing differences and effect a union with Romp. The same journal has also published an apostolic letter of tbo Pope to all Protestant and other non Catholic religious bodies, wherein his holiness announces that iu his quality of universal pastor heliosconvokedagenoral council,aud his holiness prays earnestly at this time for their union with the Roman Catholic Church. The Pope con- cludes by exhorting them to profit by tho occasion and by his prayers. On Sept. 24 tho Pope held a publio Consistory at the Vatican to confer the cardinal's hat upon Monsignors FerrieriaudBarili, who were created cardinals on the 13th of March. After this ceremony the Consistorial advocate delivered addresses in favour of the beatification of Maria Targi. A seoret Consistory was afterwards held, wherein his holiness confirmed the appointments of several archbishops and bishops, including Monsiguor Grech to the see of Gozo, near Malta. PRUSSIA. Tho Kiug of Prussia, in his tour through the Duchies, arrived at Kiel on Sept. 15. Replying to an address of the rector of the university, who expressed hopes that peace might be preserved, his majesty said : As to the hope you express for the preservation of peace, nooue can share it moie aiueerely than I do; for it is a puinful necessity for ii sovereign, who is rospnn siblo before the Almighty, to give tile fntal woid for war. Ami yet there aro circumstances ¡u which a Çrhico neither can nor] should avoid such responsibility, ou yourselves have witnessed hero, with your owo eyes, evidence of tho fact that the necessity of a war may force itself upon a prince na well us upon a nation. If there exists between us a link of confidence and friendliness, it is to war thiit wo owe it. However, I do not see in all Europe any circumstance menacing pence, and 1 say so confidently in order to tranquille you. But what must reassure you still moro is to see assembled here the representatives of my army and marin«, which havo proved that they can undertake and ably carry out a campaign, when commanded to do so. On Sept. 16th his majesty reviewed the fleet of the North German Confederation. On Sopt. 19th the King visited Schleswig, and ou the 20th Altona and Hamburg. Ho was enthusiasti- cally received, aud in reply to the compliments showered upon him by tho authorities, laid stress upon the fact that public opinion was becoming reconciled to the changes he, his minister, and his army had beeii enablod to effect in the con . stitution of North Germany. His Majesty paid a visit on Sept. 21st to tbe Bourse at Hamburg. In reply to a congratulatory address his majesty said : What you waot, wo all wiuit-nnmely, poaco. I ou tertiiin tho most confident hopes that it will not bo di< turbod. Tho language I havo already mod at Kiel should have been accepted tis a'nost emphatic expression of my confidence in its maintenance, und it is inex- plicable how nu opposito iuterpietntion could even for one inomoot have arisen. His majesty afterwards returned to Berlin. The semi-official Provincial Correspondence of Soptombor 23 contains au article v.pon the re- cent journey of tho king, in which it duly ap- preciates the warm reception to his majesty in the Duchies and Hanse TOWIIF, The article con- cludes as follows : - The fnct that the population of the old and now pro- vinces of Prussia, as well us the inhabitants of the Con fedemte States, submit with enthusiastic devotion to the leadership of our king, increases our confidence that the work so vigorously begun by the Prussian govern- ment is advancing with a suro step towards completion. The Emperor of Russia arrived at Potsdam ou September 22, and was received at thoBtation by the king and othor members of tho royal family. Field-Marshal Wraugel and several suporior officers wore also prcsout. The emperor was hero met by tho Grand Duke Alexis, just rescued from shipwreck, and tho two left ou the morning of the 29th for Warsaw. The King of Prussia also took his departure for Baden-Baden where he intends to make a stay for three weeks. DENMARK. The king opened the Diet on October 5 with a speech from the throne, in the course of which his majesty aniiomiued the birth of an heir to the throuo of Greece, and the betrothal of tho Crown prince of Donmark with the Princess of Sweden, a couutry in amity with Denmark. His majesty also said : - This ovont Ins awakened tho sympathies of Swoden aud Noiway towards this country. Tho confidontinl negotiations with Prussia lespecting the free vote in North Schleswig, piovided for in the Treaty of Prague, havo hitherto been without result. Our views of what justice and tho welt-understood interests of both coun- tries icquiie in this matter aro unaltered. Wo must rognnl it as our first duty to co-operato towards >io ar- rangement which, not satislying tho want of tho inhabi- tants, might lead to future diflieulties for the Danish Kingdom iu itsielations with a couutry with which we wish to remain upon a fi ¡emily footing. Wo aie con- vinced that Prussia approves these motives, and we hope to succeed in attaining the long-expected settlement on tho basis of the above considerations. The treaty with the United States of Americi for tho cession of the Danish West Indian Islands, which have heon approved of by tho Diet, has not yet been finally sanctioned by the United States iu cousequenco of the state of political affair« in that country, mid at the wish of the American govern- ment the term for the ratifie ition of the treaty has boon piolonged for iinothor yearby tho^Uanish Plenipotentiary at Washington. The internal condition of the countiy ia satisfactory. Kow that Prussia's monetary engage- ments towards us nie settled, we piopose to reduce the public debt by i(),(K>l,000 rix dollars. At tho same timo the Public Tiensury will ho able to defray the expendi- ture for tho largo public works requited for the develop- ment of the couutry. An iiupoitant railway uno has beon openod iu Jutland, and othor works ure approaching completion. Private enterprise is developing tho rich rosources of tho couutry, and tho indirect taxes are con- tinually yielding a larger icvonuo, thus demonstrating increased prosperity, and wo therefore fearlessly lay bofore you hills for adding to tho public receipts in order to reorganise the army and tho fleet, preferring to bear now the burdon of tilia expendituie instead of resorting to now leans. The budget for 1809, submitted the same day to the Rigsdag, produced a favourable impression. It applios 3,000,000 rix dollars to tho construct- ion of new railways. The deficit is about 800,000 rix dollars, and to cover it an increase of the income-tax, and uo loan, is proposed. The Minister of Finance ulso demands that the ordinary debt should bo redeemed by 2,250,000 dollars, and that bonds amounting to 10,000,000 dollars should be paid off the extraordinary debt. AUSTRIA. The Prosidont of Ministry, Prince Carl von Auorsperg, lias resigned. It is somi-offioially stated that this step has beou taken solely on the ground of ill-hoalth, aud that, in fact,tho minister has but renewed a request to bo allowed which he had already made last Juno. The emperor's journey to Galicia has boon postponed, and all the othor members of the ministry will, it is believed, remain in office ; and these oiroum stances aro mentioned OB proofs that the resigna- tion of Prince Carl von Auorsperg was not in- fluenced by political questions. BAVARIA. Tho marriago of the Duchess Sophia of Ba- varia with the Duko of Aleucou was solemnised ou Sept. 28th at the Castlo of Possonhofen. The Count de Paris, the Prince nnd Princess of Joinvillo, tbo Duke and Duchess of Coburg Cohary, and other members of tho Orleans family, were present at tho coremouy. Priuco Adalbort of Batavia and Herr von Pfretschuer, Minister of Finanao, actod us royal commission- ers on the occasion. RUSSIA. The state of siege lias boon abolished in several districts of the governments of Minsk aud Mohilow, but is maintained in the chief towns namely, Minsk and Mohilow. EGYPT, From Alexandria, a tologram, dated Ootobor 1st, informs us that whilo the Viceroy of Egypt was visiting au illumination in a narrow streot at Cairo, au attempt was niado to assassinate bim by dropping a stool ball, armed with sharp barbs, on his bead. Tho ball fell against the carriage, and no gunpowder beiug used the vice- roy escaped uninjured. No «Ino has been ob- tained to tho perpetrator of this act. On '.is highness's arrival at Alexandria the foreign i consuls will present ah'address to bim congratu- lating him on his escape. BOUMANIA. A body of Bulgarians recently endeavored to oross the Danube, but were prevented and dis- persed by the Boumanian frontier troops. The Porte is said to have declared to the European Cabinets that, with regard to the recent preparations made for a filibustering incursion into Bulgaria, and whioh, it says, have not been in any way hindered by the Boumanian authorities, it would consider what means it shotild employ to prevent that state of things and maintain the integrity of the Empire. Tile Fi ance, however, deuies that any auch diplomatic note has been penned. GBEECE. The Prince Boyal hos received the title of Duke of Sparta. The Chamber of Deputies is now engaged in discussing the question of the new taxes. Whether the result of the vote will be in favor of the Government or not is uncertain. HOLLAND. The Chambers were opened on September 21st, by the king in person. His majesty deli- vered a spcoch from the throne, in which he said: My relations with foreign Power» «re most satisfactory. Several bills will bo submitted to you, among othon a bill for increasing the number of deputiea to tho Lower House, and a bill for the abolition of the atamp duty on printed matter, for which an equivalent will be substi- tuted. The revenue suffice« to meet the expenditure of the Stnto without having recourue to any extraordinary means. A report on oui colonies will be presented to you at an o.uly day of the session, nnd I hope tho budget of our East Indian possédions will be »poodily discussed by vou. I expect that towards tho spring of next year the questions of the cultivation of tugar aud the leasi g o land holdings in India will be settled. HUNGARY AND CBOATIA. In the Croatian Diet the whole bill relative to the compromise with Hungary has been passed by 69 votes against 4. There was great rejoic- ing in consequence, and a general illumination and torchlight processson in tho evening. Monsignor Falcanelli is conferring with tho Hungarian bishops upon the subjoct of the com- plete independence of the Catholic Church in Hungary. " ' The departure of Alexander Karageorewicz for Semliu under escort was a few days ago in- definitely postponed, on account of the ill-health of the prisoner. But tho medical officers of the Court of Justice have since declared the prince to be in perfect health ; and his removal to the fortress of Semliu for the purpose of being con- fronted with Servian witnesses will therefore take place at once. BELGIUM. The international Workmen's Congress, which had been sitting at Brussels for several days, was closed on Sunday, Sept. 13th, by a speech from President Dupont. An address from the German branches was read, which declares, among other things, that a war botweeu France and Germany must be regarded as a civil war, for the profit of Russia. It concludes as follows : The International Association call» upon working-men (o prouounce against war, to oppose it by all tho mean» in their .power, to refuse to countenance assassination, and to organise a propaganda for tbo education of the poor, Tho delegates assembled in executivo session, aud adopted the following resolution : The International Workmen's Congre»» recominonds working men to abstain from all work in the event of war bieaking out in their respective countries. The congi ess reckon» upon the solidarity of working men of all countries for this strike of the people against war. Viscount de Lagueronniere, the new French minister at this Court, was received at Brus sols on Sept. 28th by the Minister for Foreign Affairs and the following day by the king. On presenting his credentials to the king, his excel- lency spoke emphatically in favor of a pacifio policy, und described a complete uudorstanding between Belgium and Franco as being a guarantee for the preservation of peace. Tlio improvement in tho Prince's Royal's health continues, and every day adds to the hope of his recovery. He looks better, is moro cheerful and animated, and his nights are loss restless and more free from oppression and cough-so much so that latterly tho doctors in immodiato attendance upon him have not thought it necessary to hold any consultation with Dr. Spring, who hitherto, during the prince's illuoss, has como ouce a week from Liege, where ho resides, to give his opinion about the malady. POLAND. Ou Wednesday, September 16th, for the first time, students of every creed attending the loo tures in the superior schools wore compelled to say tho usual opouiug prayers in the Bussian language. AMERICA. Postal arrangements have been concluded be- tween Great Britain and the United States for tho joint carriage of the mails between San Fraucisco and tho British East Indies. Presidont Johnson has proclaimed a ratifica- tion of a treaty with the Central American Bo public of Nicaragua, wheroby it is stipulated that the United States have tho right of transit across the Isthmus, with free ports at each ter- minus. The Georgia House of Representatives, by a majority of 80 to 23, have declared tho negro mombors to bo ineligible. It is reportad that armed bands of negroes aro patrolling the roads in the neighborhood of Savauuah. An armed mob of whites forcibly resisted tho collection of the rovenuo taxos in Marion County, Ken- tucky. The matter has been referred to Secre- tary Schofield, who authorised tho marshal of tho district to call in the military to aid the revouuo ofticors. Governor Clayton, of Arkansas, has instructed the registrars to reject all applicants for registration who cannot prove their loyalty during the late rebellion. Tho New York Democratic State Convention has unanimously-adopted a platform in favor of a general amnesty to political offenders and the immediate and complete restoration of the Southern States to tho Union, also equality of taxation, the payment of tho publie debt iu lawful currency, except where gold payment is distinctly expressed, and the protection of the rights of naturalised citizens abroad. Tho convention further ex- pressed thoir thanks to President Johnson for his fearless defenoo of the Constitution, and en- dorsing the Democrat io Presidential nomination and platforms. The Secretary of War has instructed General Thomas to furnish military assistanoe to tho courts of law in Nelson aud Marion counties, Kentucky, the oxecution of whoso processes is resisted by armed mobs. The United States Diatriot Court at Key West has refused au application for a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of Dr. Mudd and others, im- prisoned on the charge of complicity in tho assassination of President Lincoln. A riot has occurred at Camilla, in Georgia, between white democrats and radical negroes. Thirty-five negroes were killed and five whites and 60 negroes were wounded. Tho Alabama Legislature has asked the President for troops to preserve peace. NOVA SCOTIA. The Nova Scotiau Assembly having passed a resolution denouncing the conduct of Lioutouant Govornor Doyle for interfering with freodom of speech in, tho case of tho Attorney-General, the lieutonaiit-govcrnor announced that unless the resolution was expunged ho would dissolvo the Houso. The Assembly thereupon expunged the resolution. CANADA. Tho projected Fonian picuic at Montreal in aid of Whelan, who has been con vio ted of the assassination of Mr. Darcy M'Geo, has boen pro- hibited by the authorities. Whelan has been tried and sentenced to bo huug on the 10th of Docember. The bill reduoiug the salary of the govoruor-general had boen returned to tho Canadian Parliament with the Queeu's dissent. Mr. Wilkius, the Attorney-General of Nova Scotia, has made a speech urging a strenuous re- sistance to the Confederation. The Nova Scotia Assembly had unanimously passed a resolution for the repeal of the Confederation. THE PREMIER'S ADDRESS. The following is tho full text of Mr. Disraeli's address to his constituents in Buckinghamshire : 11 To the electors of the Couuty of Bucking- ham. Gentlemen,-Since J. last addressed you, her Majesty has boon graciously pleased, upon tho retiromont of an illustrious statesman, to entrust to me the chief conduct of publio affairs. Having enjoyed the entire and unbroken con- fidence of tho Earl of Dorby for twenty years, during which wo worked together in a harmony never interrupted, I was thoroughly acquainted with his policy, and I have pursued that policy without deviation. I may, therefore, in asking a renewal of your political support, talc« j» goneral view of the conduct of affairs since lui accession of the Oonsortatlvo Government to office in I860. The question of Parliamentary Reform had, then, for a long series'of years disquieted the oouutry,and eaabarrassedand enfeebled»ucoetsiye. ' Administrations, which had failed to lead it to ! any happy conclusion. We wore of opinion that ? this state of affairs should terminato ; and by a I series of measures in the oourso of two years, we 1 j brought about a settlement of the question ; ' broad in its principles, large and various in its provisions, but,os we believe, in unison with the eharacter of the country, and calculated to animate the spirit of the community and add strength and stability to the State. The conduct of foreign affairs baa obtained the sympathy and confidence of the various courts and powers; the just influence of England has been estab- lished ; and it has been used for the maintenance of peace and the interests of civilization. The legacy of insult and difficulty which had been left us iu Abyssinia could only be successful encountered by a responsibility from which we did not shrink. The result of the expedition to that country vindicated the honor of the Crown and the cause of humanity and justice, and it obtained for her Majesty's forces the admiring respect of Europe. When wo acceded to office, the state of the navy was one which occa- sioned serious anxiety ; the fortresses on which the late ministry had expended millious were without artillery ; the British soldier was armed with inferior weapons ; and the military service of the country so unpopular that if no change had been devised, we might have been driven to the principle of a cousoription. At present, it cannot be denied that the strength of the navy is materially increased, the defences of the country much advanced, the soldier admirably armed,' and enlistment become so popular that not only is the voted number of our forces no longer iu arrear, but many thousand veterans, who were about to olaim their discharge, have remained in the army. Such great results have, of course, not been obtained without an increase of our expeuditure, but the expenditure has beeu on objects of the first necessity ; and while it has beeu defrayed without adding to our taxation, it has entailed no burden on posterity. Economy does not consist in the ' reckless reduction of estimates. On the contrary, such » courso almost necessarily tends to increased expenditure. There can be no economy whero there is no efficiency. Aud to seouro efficiency, you must be vigilant in administrative improve- ment. Influenced by these views, her Majesty's Government, by placing in the hands of a single individual a control over the expenditure of the War-office, commenced a considerable reform during the late session in the administration of the army, which will conduce to greater economy aud efficiency both in peace and war. Great publio advantage may bo 'anticipated from this measure, aud the different departments of the State will be revised in the same spirit. This revision will assist that retrenchment which'the pressing exigencies of the publio service have alone prevented. In the government of Ireland we had to encounter a dark conspiracy of foroigu military adventurers, acting on the morbid ima- gination of a limited portion of our Irish fellow subjects; and whoso active combinations, had they been successful, would hare led to general disorganisation and plunder: that conspiracy has been baffled in every instance, and iu every quarter, by vigilance and firmness, which, being the consequence of conscious power and not of panic, have led to no unnecessary severity; so that even the discomfited have admitted that their treatment has not been marked by ven geauce or cruelty. Notwithstanding this unto- ward state of affairs, we have pursued towards Ireland that wiso policy of sympathy aud conciliation which has been followed by all partios in the State for the last 30 years. Justice has never in that'country boon -administered with more impartiality ; and whe- ther with respect to the tenure of land, or tho , facilities for education, wo will still continue to give our earnest consideration to every sug- gestion, which is consistent with the rights of proporty and with the maintenance of our Protestant institutions. In this state of affairs we had reason to believe, and it was generally contemplated by the country, that we might have tranquilly wound up the busi- ness of the late session, and then asked, accord- ' ing to tho provisions of the great statute which ' wo had just passed, the publio verdict on our ' conduct. Had it beeu propitious, we might ' by the favor of the Sovereign, have continued . to serve her Majesty, aud enjoyed an opportuu- > ity of effecting those legal and social improvo- ' ments which are so much required, and to the < necessity of which we had proved we were not iu- I sensible. Had the verdict beeu adverse, wo should have retired from office without a mur- i mur,, conscious that, when we had the i opportunity, we had endeavoured to do our duty i and still prepared, as representing one of the i great parties of the State, to co-operate with our i rivals in publio life for the publio good. This, the natural curront of events, was to be inter- j rup ted, The leader of the Opposition in the , House of Commons seised the occasion of an ex- , piring Parliament, which had proclaimed its , inadequate ropresoutatiou of the country, to re- , commend a change of the fundamental laws of , the realm, and to proposo a dissolution of the j uuion between Church aud State. Her . Majesty's Government offored, and will offer, to , this policy an uncompromising resistance. The , connexion of religion with the oxorciso of politi- cal authority is one of tho main safeguards of the civilisation of man. It instils some sense of -responsibility even into the depositories of absolute power. But, under any circumstances, the absence or severance of such a tie will lower the character and duties of Government, and , tend to the degradation of socioty. But it is urged that, in the present instance, the applica- tion of , the new policy is only to be partial, and that only ouo portion of Hor Majesty's do- minions - Ireland - is for the present to be submitted to the revolution ; aud ou this plea - that in Ireland the roombers of tho Established Churob form only a minority of the population. If this numerical test is tú be accepted, its application cauuot be limited to Ireland ; and if, iu a country of entire toleration, a local iustoad of an imperial gauge j be adopted, the religious integrity of the com- munity will soon be frittered away. Instead of Ireland being made an exception to the funda- mental coudition of our Constitution, there are many socondary reasons why tho Established Church should bo maintained in that couutry. Its Bubvorsion would aggravate roligious hostility and party rancour ; would suppress a rosident class of men whose social virtues are oouducivo, as all agree, to the welfare of the country ; and would fuither diminish the security of property in a land where its tonur-o aud enjoyment aro not as unquestioned as they hitherto have been in other parts of her Majesty's dominions. But even in Great Britain tho spoliation of the Churoh in Ireland would not bo without its effect. Confiscation is con- tagious ; and when once a community has been seduced into pluuder its predatory acts ha, I seldom been siugle. Thoro are, however, even weightier reasons why this new polioy should be resisted. The religious liberty willoh all hor Majesty's subjects now happily onjoy is owing to tbo Christian Churoh in this country having' accepted the principles of the Reformation, and recoguised the supremacy of the Sovereign as the representative of tho State, not only in, matters temporal, but in matters ecclesiastical. This is the stronghold of our spiritual freedom. So loug as there is in this country the connexion, through the medium of a Protestant Sovereign, be tween the State and the National Church, religi- ous liberty is seouro. That security isnow assailed by various means and ou difibrout pleas; butaraidst the discordant activity of many factious tbero moves the supreme purpose of oue power. Tho philosopher may flatter himself ho is advancing the cause of en lightened progress ; the spcUrian may be roused to oxortion by anticipations of tho downfall of ecclesiastical systems. These aro .transient efforts; vain and passing aspirations. The ultimate triumph, wero our Church to fall would bo to that power which would substitute for the authority of our Sovereign the supre- macy of a foreign prince j to that power with whose tradition, learning, discipline, and organi- sation our Church alone has, hitherto, beeu able to cope, and that, too, only whon supported by a determined and devotcd~poople. I have the honour to remain, gentlemen, your obliged and faithful servant, B. DISRAELI.-Downing-street, Ootober 1st, 1808." THE POPES AP03TOMO LETTER ROME, Sept. 30th. The following is the text of the apostolic letter addressed by the Pope to atl Protestant aud non Oatholio bodies : Pius, Sovereign Pontiff, Ninth of the Kamo to all Protestants aud othor nou-Catholics, You must already all know that wo, who despite our uuworthiiioss, havo been raised to the tbroue of Peter, aud therefore have boon advanced to the suprome government of tho whole Catholic Churoh and to its adiniuU i tratiou, which has been entrusted to us in Diviue fashion by Christ Himself, our Lord we bave judged .it fitting to summon beforo tis all'our venerable brethren, tho bishops of, e menioal council, whioh ¡B to be celebrated next year in snob a manner that, with those same vener- able brethren who havo been summoned to take part in til is the subject of our solicitude, we may be able to adopt all the most opportune and neces- sary resolutions to dissipate the shadows of so large a number of pestilential errors whioh daily are extending their power and license to the great prejudice of souls, and daily more and more to establish and strengthen among the Christian peoples committed to our watchful care tho reign of the true faith, of justice, aud of the true peace of God. Belying, thon, with a firm confidence upon the close and affec- tionate bond of nnion which unites those our same venerablo brothers to our person and to the apostolic see, aod who have never ceased at any period of our pontificate to give to us aud to the apostolic see tho most striking evidences of faith, of loru, and of respect, wo truly hope that, as it has been in times past with other general councils, so it may be in the present, and that this oeonmenical council convoked by us may bring forth, with the help of the Divine grace, the most rich aud most fertile fruits, to the great glory of God and the eternal welfare of man. Therefore, iu that hope, and instigated and encouraged by the charity of our Lord Jesus Christ, who laid down his life for the salva- tion of the world, wo cannot forbear, on the occasion of the meeting of the next council, addressing our apostolio and paternal word to all those who,wbilo recognising thutsameJesusChrist as our Saviour, and rejoicing in the name of Christians, yet still do not profess the veritable faith of Christ, or follow the communion of the Catholic Church. And if wo do so, it is before all, to warn, exhort, and supplicate them with all our zeal and all our charity to consider and seriously examine if they in truth follow the path prescribed by our Lord Josus Christ, and whioh leads to eternal happiness. In fact, no one can deny or doubt that Josus Christ himself, in order that all future human generations should enjoy the fruit of his redemption built up here below his church in the person of Peter, that is to say, the church, one, holy, catholic and apostolic-and that Ho granted to him all the nocossary power in order that tho faith should be preserved iutact and ontire, aud that the samo faith should bo transmitted to all peoples, to all races, and to all nations in such a manner that all men should bo ablo to be united in his mystical body in baptism, and always to preserve in themselves until the ontire development that new life of grace without which no one can ever merit or obtain life eternal, so that the same church which constitutes the mystical body shall remain, until the end of time, firm and in- destructible in its own constitution, developed in vigor, and furnishing to its children all that is necessary for life eternal. Now, whoever wishes woll to consider and examine with attention the different religious societies divided among themselves, and separated from the Catholic Church, which, since the time of the Lord Jesus Christ and His apostles, bos always uninterruptedly exercised, and still exercises, by means of its legitimate pastors, the power entrusted to her by our Lord himsolf whoever, we say, shall thus examine, will easily convince himself that not one of those religious societies, nor all the religious societies together, constitutes, or iu auy way can be considered as the one and ouly Catholic Church whioh our Lord Jesus Christ founded, constituted, and desired-should seo that they cannot in any way be regarded as a member or as a part of that same church, because they are visibly separated from all Catholic unity. As, in fact, those societies are deprived of that living authority established by God, who pointed out to mankind, before all things,tho matter of faith and the rule of morality, who directed and pre- sided over them in all things affecting their eter- nal welfare, therefore these societies themselves constantly varied in their doctrine, and thus this instability is unceasing. Every oue can easily comprehond that this stato of things is altogether opposed to the ' Church established by Christ our Lord - a church iu which the truth must always rest unaltered, without the subject of any change, as a charge i [intrusted to that same church in oidor that she may preserve it in all its integrity, a charge for the care of which the presence of tho Holy i Ghost and its aid has been granted for ever to this Church. i No one eau ignore tho fact that thoso differ- ' unces of doctrine and opinion give riso to the ' social schisms, and that therofrom spring those j innumerable socts and communions which are ' daily increasing to the detriment of Christian ' and civil society. Whoever, in fact, recognises religion as tho foundation of humau society cannot refuse to admit and avow the influence exercised over civilised society by thoso divisions and disagree- « monts of principles of that nature, aud of religi- ous socioties struggling ono with the other ; and also with what power the denial of authority es- tablished by God to rogulato the oohvictions of the human intelligence, and to direct the actious of men both in their social and private life, has excited, has developed, and has fomented those most unfortunate troubles, thoso ovoqts, und those disturbances which agitato and afi'oct almost all nations in a most deplorable man- ner. Therefore, in order that all thoso who aro not instilled with the principles of tho unity and truth of tho Catholic Church should seize the occasion offered to thom hy this council, in which the Catholic Church, to which their ancestors belonged, shows a proof of its complete unity, of its vigor, and of its uuoxtinguishable vitality ; that they should obey the necessities of their hearts; that they should strive to boar theui solvos away from that state in .which they can- not bo assured of their salvation ; that they should address without ceasing the most fervout prayers to God that He should dissipate the cloud of error, and that He should bring them back into the bosom of the Church, our holy mother, where their ancestors received the salutary nourishment of life, and alone pre- serves in its integrity the doctrine of Jesus Christ, handing it down and dispensing tho mys- teries of celestial grace. We, therefore, who ought most zealously to fulfil all the duties of a good pastor, iu accord- ance with the chaugo of our apostolio ministry, entrusted to us by Christ. qur Lord Himself, and who oqght to embrace all mon in tho world in our paternal charity, we address this letter to all Christians separated from us-a letter iu whioh we exhort and supplicate them to hasten to return to the fold of Christ. It is because we heartily desire their salvation in Jesus Christ, and fear one day to have to render an account of their soul to that same Jesus Christ, our Judge, if wo do not pqint out to thom and open to tlioio as much as is in us tho way which they must follow if thoy would gain their salvation. Also, in all our prayers and supplications, and while performing acts of grace, wo never oease humbly to ask for them, both by night and day, the celestial light and the abundauce of grace from the eternal Pastor of souls. And whereas, doBpito our unworthiness, we fulfil upon earth the functions of tho vicar of Christ, wo await with open arms tho return of those wandering sons to tho Catholic Church, iu order that wo may be able to reoeivo thom with all affection into the dwelling of the celestial Father, and make them participators in His everlasting treasure It is that much-wished for return to the truth and communion of the Catholic Church upon which depends not only the salvation of each one in particular, but of tho whola Christian socioty i and the world will novar enjoy true peace until it forms oi)o flock under ono pastor, Given at Borne, at St. Petor's,Soptemoer 13th, 1868, iu the twenty-third year of our pontificate. THE REVOLUTION IN SPAIN. (From The Thnts, Oct. ath.) The first phase of tho Spanish Revolution has terminated with the arrival of General Prim in Madrid, aud the definite establishment of tho Supreme Junta, with Serrano and himself as Its two leading members. Prim proves to be the most popular man in Spain. His spirit and frankness, aud his adventurous career, identified with the cause which has now triumphed, have gained the heart of the people, and will give him 'immense power for good or evil. Not that ho would consciously turu towards the latter, for so far as tho character of a revolutionary chieftain can be known, he is a thoroughly honest man, and may bo trustod to do what, according to his judgtnont, is the best for Spain. But iu statesmanship ho is yet uutriod, and no one can doubt that a timo is coming when tho highest faculties aud tho most laborious attoution will bo needed to save tho country from its dangers. Wo may hopo, how evor, that the vory gieatuess of the ta>k which he has undertaken may call far"> tim necessary qualities, and that the hero of the hour may pre- serve the great reputation which his aotions and IçtyNWtyf bm Wjuired, On, Wed*e»day Uj9 General made hi* entry into Madrid amid extra- ordinary rejoicing. Even when Serrano came with the army that had conquered at Aleóles, the welcome was not so loud and universal. Prim's entry seuds all Madrid wild. "The frantic enthusiasm of the people," it ia said, " was unequalled and passes all description. The entire town turned out, and the crowds in the streets were immense. Deputations arrived from all parts, and these, with the troops, sailors, and oivio bodies, escorted the General." The pro- cession was four hours in passing, and so great was the throng that several persons were crushed to death. The enthusiasm of the pro- vinces was not less decided. There appears to bo for the first tinw complete uuaniniity iu Spain. The profouud hatred with which the late Govern- ment had 'filled the minds of all men may be conceived from the fact that it has united against the Queen, her children, and her whole House, the provinces whioh. have always been sup- posed most adverse to liberal opinions. To one of these the Queen appoaled for help iu her extremity, and received the coldest o answers. Now .that she is gone they accept the choice of the capital not only.with wil- lingness, but with enthusiasm. Prim and his principal colleague need not fear resistance in any part of the country. They have only to act in accordance with the principles of their own addresses, and they will find their decrees iuBtautly carried out. The nation is evidently filled with the pre- vailing ideas of the time, which, amid the silence and gloom of the late reigu, have penetrated everywhere, and become the oreed of the educa- ted class. Spaiu has been definitively added to the European Democracy. The first cry is "Down with the Bourbons ;" and this, which is the knell of a perverse and intractable family, proves that Spain has broke» with the past. Loyalty, iu the sense of an unreasoning attachment to a ruling fauiily,lias passed for over from the list of Spanish qualities. Another Sovereign may sit on the Throne, anothor Court may oven revive the old traditions of dignity aud Bpleudor, but the King of Spain will bo a vory diffèrent personage from the Princes of the Houses of Austria and Bourbon. This sentiment of loyalty, which, though with much that is noblo in it, has yet produced some of the greatest evils in the his- I tory of Spain, as of other countries, can hardly attach it to a house that is of yesterday. It will not reward the most undoubted services or the most pleasing qualities of an elected Sovereign aud his Consort. And without protending to predict the future, wo may say that the ten- dencies of the age are not such that any warmth of devotion will bo elicited by the little boys aud girls whom a new King may bring with him, or even beget on Spanish soil. A new family will be looked upon morely as per- forming definite duties for the sake of the rank and power which accompany them, and every peasant in Spain will think himself at liberty to criticise the acte of the personage on whom he has helped to confer a Crown. A large part of the community will also be disposed to murmur at the necessity of maintaining an institution which, as they think, the prejudices of Europe force upon them. While the New World has emerged Republican from its various Revolu- tions, the European States seem compelled to retain the cumbersome apparatus of a Monarchy, even where they have no predilection for any person or family. The lesson which is taught to tyrannical or imbecile Princes by a Revolu- tion is almost effaced by the spectacle of the liberated nation again submitting itself to a member of the same Royal tribe, and substi- tuting for one offending family another of the same breed and type, in whom the same condi- tions are likely to produce the same character. We cannot wonder that our Correspondent describes the Spaniards as quite at a loss on the subjeot of the succession to the Throne. The fact is that there is no ono whom they wish for, and no one, as lar we know, who deserves to be wished for. If they must make a choice, of course they will, but it is quite intelligible that they should have no keen interest in the Royal " carpet-bagger" who in due course will arrive with professions of unbounded love and admira- tion for everything Spanish, and who, having apostatized, if necessary, from his religion, will begin at once to feather his nest from a Civil List which would support all the Executives of all the American Republic. Our correspondent at Madrid passes in review the possible candidates, but we havo no desire to J anticipate the decision which wo are told will be committed to the Constituent Assembiy.'~The name of the Duke of Edinburgh is montionod by rumor, but suoh a choice eau hardly be seriously contemplated. If he retained the Protestant faith, we should have the spectacle of a King of Spain the only heretic in his dominions. And though the restitution of Gibraltar may ' possibly at no distant time become a serious question, yet public opinion in England is not yet ripe for such a cession, nor has the Spanish nation yet earnel by its honesty and good faith a title to such a lofty act of renuncia- tion. Not even if they took tho Duke of Edinburgh could tho Spaniards hope to iuduce a British Government to yield thom so famous a possession of the Crown. But, putting aside these speculations for tho present, we may ¡ congratulate Spain as well as her neigbbouis, on the peaceful issue of this perilous enterprise. Tho insurrection, planned with great complete- ness, has been fully carried out, with only the bloodshed of Alcolca and Santander. Tho military measures, however, which have over- thrown the Monarchy would have been but par- tially successful if they had boen followed by the resistance or dissaffection of any important province. This, as we have said, has buen nowhero the aase, and Spain is unanimous in supporting the new ordor of things. The uext dauger was of mob turbulence and the display of such scones of anarchy as are associated with tho last i French Republic. This also has beeu dissipated, - and it appears that the multitude io Madrid and in tho chief cities is submitting peacefully to the hastily constituted authorities. Wo da uot at- tach much importance to tho continued crowding of tho streets, for, as every one knows, the southern multitude is idle, curious and talkative, and will overflow into the highway ou the slightest provocation to see or hear what may be going op. The people will, wo may fairly hope, give tho Government full opportunities, and this in its turn appears anxious to engage the services of respectable men. 