O10114t Il 1uiluimtr LEII j1811 ny TilH: "B O M B A Y." Frroem Juno 17th to August 131h. OvU last Summary was issued on 16th July. The June mail from London reached Laun cestou on 6th August, a day boforo the con traot time. Telegraphic intelligonce to 7th July from England was brought by the mail rteamor. Parliament has again mnot. The spIel:cnisn orF GoveaNOuS are ro metimes, like the lan guago of Talloyrand, designed to disguise Sthought. But we do not say that this is the case in the present instance. A very proper reference is made to the visit of the Duke of Edinburgh, and his enthusiaslic reception by all classes. Each vied with each in every class to manifest feelings of attachment to the Queen and the Queen's son. It is satis tfactory to know that the revenue last year was more than sulllcient to cover the expen diture. Tile allusion to the proposed line of railway between lHobart Town and Launces ton is guarded, and indicates that preliminary ,measures must bo considered before a deter mination can be arrived at to enter upon so important an undertaking. Education is a subject that always is muddled, and we have little hope that mluch good will arise out of the report of the Commissioners. We thought the law against treasonable offences was to be made more stringent, not relaxed. "A mea sure for commuting the ansunl payment of t the sum reserved by the Constitution Act for the purpose of public worahip" is promised, but we have no confidence that it will be acceptable. The Colonial Treasurer has got t tho notion into his head that the best methodl of" abolishing state aid is to perpetuate it. New South Wales has shown the way, and the Irish Church will be disendowed in the same manner. Existing incullmbents will re ceive their present salaries as long as they officiate and remain in the same position, and as they die off state aid will disappear. The repeal of the duties on successions is a neces sity. A more cruel, mischievous, and ob noxious law does not exist It takes more to ascertain what is to be paid than the payment; it rips up personal relations, and none except t an expert can work it. We are glad to see 1 the subject of irrigation referred to: it has been too long kept in the background. There are many natural reservoirs which at a corn paratively small expense night be employed to treasure up a supply of water for the sea- i son to be used at a fair charge. Tie time is not far distant when companies will be formed to carry out systematic irrigation, by which the products of a particular area will be increased tenfold. With heat and moisture combined, marvels can be wrought in tlhe vegetable world. .1teLWAYrs.-We fear those who indulge in r tall talk about a " national railway policy" will have to abandon their stilts and come c down to the level of common sense. "What's t in a name4" "ai rose by any other name I would smell as sweet." A railway between s Hoblart Town and Launceston would no moreo be.a "national railway" tlhan a railway from t Circular Head to Deloraine woull be a "national railway." Why should the in- c lhabitonts of the principal part of Cornwall, i and all Dorset, Devon, and Wellington, I Glamorgan, and Pembroke, a great part of v B]uckingham and Monnouthl, and all Cums- i. berland and Westmloreland, be taxed to pay I for a work from which they can derive no appreciable benefit? The present sound t policy should be adhered to, by which any e and every district desiring a railway can t have it on the prescribed conditions. When I the Launceston and Deloraine line is colm pleted, and found to be reproductive, a colm panty will no doubt be formed to extend the I rail to the Halfway House; and when that t la done the inllhaitant of Fingal may be constituted a railway district to form a line t for the conveyance of their coal to a market. e But nothing can be done towards a railway between the two principal towns until a survey and estimate are made, and the prob- t able traffio or return ascertained. Tile wild clamor for borrowing money before it is t known hlow nmuch will be wanted can only t damago the colony. What sanl or honest mais would propound uchll a schleme as that I of raising £1;000,000 in order that the colo- e nists might have to pay sixty thousand per I annum for money lying idle in the Treasury 1 a We must not be too sanguine respecting even the Western Railway, and should hesitate to commit the colony to a railway undertaking until all requisite information is obtained. The "Journal of Gas-Lighting, Water Supply, and Sanitary Improvement" says : " The Marquis of Salisbury, in his new office as Chairman of the Great Eastern Railway, pronounced a judgment, in his opening speech to the shareholders, worth the consideration of wild railway reformers, when lie said that the Great Eastern had nlot been reduced to its present insolvent position by any enor mous robberies, but by the mistaken idea, worked out by competition, that the trafflo of an agricultural district could be developed in the same proportion as that of a manufac turing or a msoing district. A manufacturer an turn over his capital many timles in a year, and each time requires cheap convey ance to bring tihe nw material and take away the finished goods. A mining district, as long as it is workable, can send away stuff every day, but agricultural traffie is limited by the seasons; its consulmption bears a pro portion to tlhe wages of its laborers, and no possible reduction of fires will senld agri cultural passengers fron collnstalsnt occullpation, or increase the merclhandise beyond tilhe natural supplies of prodiuce. When a purely ngricultunrd district lhas laid in its sulplics of coal and groceries, and sent away its grain, beef, mutton, anl pork, alive or dead, there is not much more to be done, altlhoughl the difference between a district wilthl ansi with out railways is often tile difference between growilg for mere hlmUe coIUoslnption and a mniltmplication for thie purplose of exportation. For these reasons all calculastions of itlncrease In tile railway tramllic of plurely agricultural districts, based on a reduction of ftires andi rates,;havo very narrow limits, High charges are nimply ruicidal, but the reductions that would create an enormnous trade in coals, or ore, or textile goods, would have no possible result where grain and live stock are tie only merchalndise, and the growers and feeders the only passengers." If thereo re any men in the South really desirous of promoting the prosperity of the colony lot them unite and subscribe to procure a proOper survey and estimate of their scheme. This is not asking a serious proof of nincority. But if the clamour proceeds from a small knot of selfish schemOers, who hope to reap a harvest from a large expendi ture on a useless object, tihe sooner the bubble breaks the better. While opinion is or divided antd o miany projects are put forward no decision can be arrived at. In falrt asound opinion cannot he expected in tihe absence of data, and therefore a survey, estimate, andrl return of Ithe trrlli aro indis pensable. One person suggeoat that there should Ib a line ronm IHobart Town running on to the Mersey at tihe foot of the Western Tier, but there is no information to show how the watershed in the middle of the island is to be surmounted, and the inlunt towns would be left alone in their glory, while the line would pass throughl districts wlhere there are few inlrhabitants, Again, it has been proposed to follow the line of tihe East Coast and thus avoid all enginet ring dilliculties, although the distance might be increased; but the midlanders vwould scarcely subscribe to the proposal for the reason before given. The Mersey tramway is a standing protest against engaging in a work that is worthless. The unfortunate shareholders in that concern will never see 1 tihe ghost ofttheir money. It might as well hIvo been east into the depths of the sea for all the benefit tlhat the proprietors or the colony will derive from tile expenditure. Until a line is surveyed no one can know the gradients and tile consequent expense of construction and the wear and tear of working. When the promoters of tle 1 Western line decided to have a railway they worked hard and freely spent their money to I establish the reproductive character of the undertaking. As fast as obstacles were thrown in their way they were overcome. Ten years' incessant diligence distinguished i those who took part in thie proceedirgs. There is nothing of this zeal, energy, and 1 liberality visible in the feeble agitation goinsr on at present among those who advocate a midland line. They simply ask for the dis bursement of a large sum of money, utterly regardless of results, and without ascertaining whether the line is practicable, what it will t cost, and what return it will yield. Weo fear this reckless talk will do the colony damage t in England and clsewhere. Looking at thet contour of the country there is not the t slightest proslpect that the sound of the nrail- . way whistle will be heard either at Oatlands I or Queenborough, and the meetings held at these places can have no moral weight. What we want, to see as a proof of earnestness is a 1 subscription towards procuring a survey and railway statistics, that the question may be pat before the public in a shalpe which will enable them to form an opinion. As soon as the Western line is finished, and is found to be successful, we rave no doubt the proper steps will be taken to extend the line to the Unilf-way Hoose on the terms prescribed by the Parliament, so that all the people in tlhe south have to do is to parcel out their half of the midland line into railway districts, and go to work in a business-liko way. lParliament has decided tihe terms on which railways are to be constructed in this island, and these have been complied with by tile Launceston and Western Company. Althoughll the slhareholers were most reluc tantly forced into asubscription of one-seventli of the cost of the line, and compelled to ob tain the sanction of thlree- fourths of the in- I habitants compriscd in the railway district, yet having surmounted all the obstacles needlessly placed in their way, the discipline 1 Ihrs proved most salutary. To establish their ease they were compelled to employ men for years to take an account of the tralic, and to procure a careful survey and estimate of the work. Nay, more : the land and householders were required to reeuna rantes the interest on £300,000 of debentures to the Government. This delay produced good fruit. It led to a careful scrutiny of the undertaking in all its details, and induced the most rigorous economy. It was also the soundness of the scheme and the reguarantco by which the debentures were floated with success. The majority of the shareholders now look forward with confidence to a fair dividend at no distant date. It would there fore be impolitic arnd dangerous to disturb the railway policy prescribed by Parliament in favor of any new work. A correspondent suggests the formation of another company to extend the railway from Perth or Long fourd to the old Halfway House at Antill P'onds. This is a very feasible project, and within the compass of tihe Northern districts through which the lino would pass. The colonists on the Southern side would thus only have some sixty miles of railway to make, and by iperhaps breaking it into two parts, the chief city and the agricultural dis tricts through which the line would run, might be able first to take it to Green Ponds, and when that was finished extend it suffi ciently far to meet the line from the North. Until a parliamentary survey is procured, an estimate of tile cost of construction obtained, and an account of the traffic taken, it is use less to talk about tihe formation of a railway between Hobart Town and Lsaunceston. Mere clanmor andt reckless assertions are only calculated to damage the credit of the colony which now stands so high on the Stock Ex Scunnrgo. Unless subscriptions are freely given ffor a survey, tile public will arrive lit tile rconclusion that those who rrmako tile loudest noise care not a straw about thie railsway, Ihut oonly want thie chance of personally benefiting SIthermselves out of a large expenditure. Par liamenrt Iras offered £3000 on condition tlhat .62000 be otlrerwiso raised for a proper sur avy and estimate, and if these liberal terms are not embraced it would be sheer madness to encrrrrrer thie colony with a load trhat would crushi it to tir earth. A railway tlhat would not lray its working explnses and in terest of thie mroney invested could not, ex I ccpt under very pecurliar circunm rcaces, be a 1 boeefit to anyboldy, but an unmitigated crre to all who remained topay the heavy tax of 'I a 1siles workI. Let it he clsarly CetIIIIOI!he r thit the proposed line will pay, and theLr will oe no great dilliculty in raising the seventh part of the Caplital required for its co)nstruction. The 3system Idopted iln tlhi Scase of the I aunceston and )Delornino line is sound in itself, and safe for the Government and the colo 1nists, nnd ought to be adhered to. 1 The Parliament two sessions ago liberally voted £3000 for a proper survey of ia line of railway between Hobart Town and Launces ton, on condition that the promoters rnisedl £2000 towards the same object. Thocompact was apparently accepted with joy, and we were told that the money would be found in a fortnight. But thie chaim has not been put in for thie £3000, and this is because the £2000 has not been subcribced. Is this con duct indicative of men anxious to proLmoto thle material interests of the colony I Is it fiLr towards the Legislaturo who acted so handsomely I How different the treatment the promoters of the Launceston and Dulo raino line received at the hands of the Legis lature. They had to fight hard and spond freely for ten years, and yet as soon as the Western railway is completed the santo men will be prepered to ascertain if a line to the Half-way Hlouse can be constructed at a cost which will make it reproductivo. They will not clamor for spending public money before a survey and statistical returns of trafflic are obtained, but be ready to comlply with the railway policy already laid down-that the company should find a seventh of the sunm re quired, obtain the approval of three-fourths of the landed proprietors of the now railway dis tlicts, and guarantee the interest of the de bentures that will require to be issued. Until the professed promoters of the midland railway give some proof that they really are in earnest and are prepared to sacrifice the paltry sum of money necessary to secure a parliamentary survey, calm observers cannot avoid coming to the conclusion that sinister motives are at the bottom of the agitation, and that tihe dis bursement of money, and not the judicious investment of capital in a paying railway, is the keynote of the song now sung in the south. The essence of COnIsTrANrITY iS that it should be independent of the State. In this it differs from Paganism and resembles in spirit the Hebrew theocracy. Under the latter system the contributions of the people were prescribed, but not enforced by the policeman. The duties of believers are clearly laid down in the New Testament, but no material punishment follows their infraction. The Founder said, " My kingdom is not of this world, else would my servants fight." While Christianity was left to voluntary re sources it overspread the known world in less than a hundred years; but when, following the heathen practice, it was identilied with the State it sank into mere form and stag nated into corruption, until a revival toole place in the fourteenth century. For religion to prosper and prevail it must be left alone by politicians; it is too ethlereal for them to manipulate. All thClt is done by state aid is to provide a spare living for a certain number of men whether fit for their office or not, and to render the bulk of society indifferent about their own spiritual condition. Below we give the value, as derived from the Customs returns, of certain Goons tr PORTED into this cololy during tle year 1867. The amount is large, and proves that if these articles can he manfactured profitably on the spot there is ample demand for them. Owing to the different systems of record adopted at Hobart Town and Launceston we are unable to give the quantities of articles that do not pay a fixed duty. For instance, rope and twine-at Hobart Town the weight is speci fied ; at this port it is described as so many packages. From the value given, however, some idea may be formed of the quantity, but it is very desirable that a uniform system of keeping the Customs records should be observed : Cornsacks ............ 343,619 ...... £20,329 WVoolpacks ........................ 2,054 Canvs and bagging .................... 2,007 IRope and twiuo ............................. 5,173 Oil (gallons) .......... 58,318 ...... 12,978 Apparel and voolleus....................... 35,411 £77,949 Of the above oornsaek 08,504 were imported at Hobart Town, and 280,115 at Launceston -showing the preponderance of agricultural produce on the northern side of the island. The oil includes every desecription, the great bulk no doubt being kerosene. THE MIERSEY AND THE TA~hAI.-TWe ob serve laughable and most ridiculous state ments published day after day at the other end of the island. Just lot us say once for all that at low water there is only six and a half feet of water on the bar at the Mersey, while vessels of any size can enter the Tamar Heads at any time of tide, and that the lar gest vessels that could venture into the Mersey must not exceed two or three hun dred tons, while ships of twelve hundred tons can comoe up to Launceston, fifty miles from thle sea, and discharge and load there. Weo fortunately have many good ports for small craft on the northern coast, but none to be compared with Port Dalrymple. It is to be regretted that the Govern ment have been so ill-advised as to re-intro duce " the bill to amend the Property VALUATION Acr," which they were compelled to withdraw on a former occasion. It is a disgrace to the draughtsman, who has sllown an utter ignorance of constitutional rights and the liberty of the subject. If the measure were carried it would inaugurate a system of tynLmny under which no free people could live, and confer a power on a Govern ,nent official which the constitution denies to the Queen of England. We copy the fiftl ald sixth sections 5\. It shall be lawful for any commiasioner acting under this Act, by nilotiee under his hand, ohict, may be in the form in the schedule, to call upon anlly person being a proprietor, or reputed proprietor, or tensot, or occupier of property within any district for a written statement, signed by sucb person, of the yearly rent or value of such property, or of oany other particular respeotiog such nroperty which is rL quLired iv sach commis sioeor to enable him to ascertaini thile annual value of any property within the dlitriot; and such notice may be served otn och person either peronaolly, or by leaving thle same at his usoal or last known place of resldence, or by eelding tLhe same by post addressed to his usual or last known place of residence ; and if any anoh person, withoht 1 resonatllo excICP, Inils to furnish such written elnttement an aloresaid to such comlissloner within onlrl ell days frllo tihe dale of ellll nonice, ho shnll forfeit a plnally lnot exceeding twenty lounds ; and If ay such person presents or causes to Ibe presented to ilny such commissloner a w+rilltn elatamellnll COllllning any falseo statement of such yearly rent or value, or of any other such particular as aforesaid, knowing the same to h1 false, lie shall forfeit a penalty not exceeding £50. O. For the purpoecs of this Act any commis. abloner may from time to time require any person who has ieen charged with the duty of assessing any property or collecting any rates whatsoover within any district, and also the proprietors, or reputed proprietor, or tenant or occupier, of any property within any district, to appear before himo| wheon, whore, and as often within thi district as such commiisal -nor thinks fit, and to produce all assesslmentls, maps, traces, leases and other documonts in the custody or power of any each person relating to the value of, or ssressments on, or sallowing thi positlion or boundaries of any property withllin the itriet, and to be examined on oath, to he administeored by ueh colmmissioner, and answer seac questions as tire commissioner may put to him touching any of the Inatters aforesaid; and such commissioner may order any such assessmlcus, maps, tracing, lease, or other document to be left in his possession for a reason able lime; and any such person disobeying any each order of a commissioner, or refusing to be sworn or to anoswer any such questions, shall forfeit a penaly not exceeding ten pounds. The method now adopted in valuing pro perty is as follows :-In the first inotance competent appraisers are appointed by tire Municipal Council to value the properties in the district: the list is revised by the magis trates, and then published for general inrlbr mation: a day is appointed for hearing ap. peals by a special Court of Sessions convened for that purpose. Tlhero are magistrates from every part of the district present, and there is an amount of local knowledgo available for the determination of each cape which can be got in noother way. Yet it is proposed coolyto appoint a commissioner, forsooth, to rejudge the judgmenfs of the combined wisdom of the Bench. Notlling can beo:more monstrous in itself, or more insulting to the magistrates. The inquisitorial character of the proposed proceedings Is most offensivo,. The proprietor, or tenant, or occupier, is, under a penalty of fifty pounds, to answer a string of impertinent questions respecting his property. All men of spirit would put the intorrogatories into the fire as the only answer vouchsarfed. Those that resisted such a law would have the same ground as Hampdon occupied when he re sisted ship money. It is an unconstitutional demand in both cases. The ownor might very properly say-find out for yourself what my property is worth, and if you value it above its intrinsio worth I will exerciso my right of appeal. That is the proper mode of doing business among British men. They will not recognise nor tolerate the creation of an In quisitor into their circumstancres. If the bill were passed it would be a dead lotter : a few might be made victims, but their punishment would rouse the whole colony, and cover the authors of this flagrant outrage on personal liberty with everlasting opprobrium. But this is not all, the magistrates and others who have assessed properties or collected rates, as well as the owners, &0., are to appear " when where, and as often," within tile district, as the Inquisitor pleases, and to produce s' maps, leases, tracings, and other documents;" and to leave them with the Inquisitor, who may be no better than he should be, and who may conveniently loose them, and part with them for a consideration. We value our munimonts, and deposit them in tile safest place we know. But under the proposed Act the owner is to be compelled, it may be to carry his deeds to the top of Ben Lomond, or any other place the Inquisitor may name. Under a penalty of ten pounds theso persons are to be sworn, and to answer all questions that may be put by the Inquisitor. \Vo scarcely think the colonists are prepared for the establishment of such an Inquisitor. It is too humiliating, and the mind that could contemplate Englishmen submitting to anything so degrading must be curiously constructed. It is said that tLo PaonAT Dories are to be revived when the succebsion duties are repealed. It will be in the recollection of many of our readers that both imposts have been resisted by a large majority of the colo nists. There are many reasons why such ob noxious taxes should not be tolerated in a colony. They are wrong in a financial, social, political and economical point of view. It is a departure from all sound principle of taxation to obtain from direct taxes the means for carrying on the business of the country. Moreover, it is fraught with the greatsat danger, for if once permitted to gain a foot ing, the ruin of the country would only be a question of time. We alo content to tax our selves for local purposes, but we doubt if the people will submit to direct taxation for the purposes of the general Government. We warn them in time that if this courseo of vicious legislation is not stopped, thre conse quences will be most disastrouas. Those who live in tile two towns are heavily taxed already, beside what they contribute to the general revenue. In Launceston the town rates amount to about fourteen per cent. per annum. In the country tile police and road rates are a very serious item, as the agricul. turists know, and lately filty per cent. was added to them. Mr. t'ysh's wits must have gone a woolgathering when he asserted in the House the other day that property was not sufficiently taxed. Why, it bears more than its proper share, and he has only to ask the first farmer he meets whether or not his land will bear fresh burdens and leave him a living. It is not atatemanship to put on additional taxes, but to reduce those that now exist. We are over-governed, and our establislhments far too numerous and too bulky. Real, not sham, retrenchment is wanted, and let the Govern menl cease to interfero with affairs with which it ought to have no concern. At all eveonts, we hope tile attrempt to impose direct taxation in the shapo of Problate Duties will either not be made or be succosafully rcsisted. The State-aid comnmutation bill is just whalt we anticipated--an bill to perpeurate State-aid, not abolish it. It is proposed to issue a hIundred thousand pounds of deben tures, and to divide themr among the churches now receiving public money. It is simply a ochenme to rob the colonists, and to keep up that irritation which injustic must always Sproduce. It is nrt 0so much a money question as a social and religious one. But even thle pocuniary aspeat is fllawious, since the colony is required to incur a debt to diminish the annual payment. In addition to this it is iproposed to continue the stipends to the pre:,ent incumbents, or to pension them oil. The llomeo Government have interposed in fivor of the personal interests of those now in receipt of stipends, but no one else has ther slightest claim upon the Government. Those who have read the debates in Parliament on tih dis-endowmient tnd dis-establishnment of the Irish Church are aware that Parlinment scouted the idea that anyotherthlntlhe present incumbents had thie lightest claLh on the StatI. It lla therefore been carried that, their s iponds shall be paid as long as they live, and then cease. On the sattmo principle thie question Iusa been settled in Now South NWales, with the sanction of Crown, and if anything beyond this is voted here it will be done in the interest of cor ruption, and bring upon the legislature the ignominious scorn of thlu srrounding colonies and the people of England. We repeat this is a bill not to abolish State-aid but to per petuate it through all time, and to make chronio that painfill irritation which it is the interest of the colony should entirely cease. There is not a clergyman in the island who has the slightest claim to pension or compensation of any sort, legally, morally, or equitably. Lord John Russell's despatchl is in the archives of the country, in which lihe explicitly states that so long as the local legislatures consent to vote salaries will they be entitled to them. They have come as adventurers on these conditions: the colonists did not invite them. It is too bad that the settlers who are struggling for an existence should have an inlcubus of pensions forced upon their shoulders. The ministers of re ligion who cannot find a congregation willing to support tlhem have no right to knock at the doors of the public treasury for funds that ought to be devoted to other objects than sectarian objects. The right rule is to let every man sustain his own religious con victions by his personal contributions. It is nothing to the country whether his convic tions prevail or fail, It is certain that hitherto State-aid has subsidised the populous towns where irreligion most largely exists, and left the outlying districts destitute. If common sense and real justice regulated ecclesiastical affairs, State-aid would be cut off at once from aill sects. We say this as impartial politicians who desire to promote the welfare of the colony, not as partizans of a creed for whom we entertain a thorough contempt. 