TIHEATRICAL. lb the Editor of the Lnrtnceston Examiner St,--In forwarding the subjoined remarks r: do not wish to be considerod as endeavoring? to detract in any way from the merits of Mr. Stark as an actor, or to pass any censure upon the really talented company by which he Is sup ported, but merely to give expression to sam opinion which I am not singular in entertaining, that when a dramatic company come forward tot perform a tragedy of Shakespear's (or, undeed.. any other standard piece) the audience have as right to expect that it should be mutilated as! little as possible to bring it within the limits oft thu number of the company, tile size of the stage. , and the decencies of language required by the' present state of society. On Monday evening last Shakespear's Richard III. was announced, and I went to, the theatre,' but felt anything but gratified by the version that; was put forth. That I may not be considered; as complaining without cause, allow: me to place tie following .omissions, additions and alterations before your readers. In. the first place there were 21 characters short of. the Dramatis pcrsonee , some of them important once too, the want of whom, I suppose was t': reason why no less than 12 entire scenes were left out-and others so altered and mixed up' that a reader of Shnakespear had much dlfleellty in recognizing them at all. The performance opened with a scone in which King IIenbT (who by the bye was killed in a previous play delivers himselolf ea soliloquy, (not Shakespearian) and a dialogue betwixt the said King and some partizan of the York faction. This Is fol lowed by the last scene but one from Shakes pear's Hlenry the Sixth-3rd part. Then in what should have been the slt sace: the conveyance of Clarence to the towerli omitted, and in the funeral scone the cofiln does, not appear. To pass over many other matterw' in the ghost scene-three ghosts appear alto gother in Richard's tent-- whereas there ahoald' be eleven ghosts, anod appearing in order accord-' ing to the times of their murders; and the" I encouraging addresses of the spirits to Richmond: I are left out, as well as Rtichmond's tent. In the last scene before the final encounter of, I Richard and Richmond a dialogue takes place Ibetween therr, (borrowed from Henry Gth-- 3rd Spart, where the Duke of York and Clifford meat in deadly strife), in which Richard compli I monts the bearing and courage of the man heo Shas, in a previous scene, spoken of as "Shallow' I Richmond." The above are but a small part of the "errors and omissions" of Monday evening's Richard lt but sufficient to show that those who weht to iee e Shakespeare' Richard had suliciont reason' to?jdO e dissatisfied. a It would be as well if omne of the actors of a the present day, both profesasional and amateors. a would rtad and endeavour.to actLacordlng..t. the the strctions given by the Bard .of 4Av p, Hamlet, Act 3rd, scene 2nd. . - L `p'. u ' - Iasrn'.te.nls?=_, 