THE POOR SOHOLAR. (Carletou's Traits and- Stories of the Irish Peasantry.) How were..you supplied. with. drink and medicine ?" asked the younger stranger. "As I've just told you, Sir," replied Jem my, " the neighbours.here let me want for nothing that they had. They kept me .in more wlhy than I could use; and they got me medicine, too, some wayn or other. But indeed, Sir, during a great part of the time I was ill, I-can't say how-they attended me: I wasn't sensible, Sir, of what was goin' on about me." One of those who lay behind the ditch now arose, and after a few hems and scratchings of the head, ventured to join in the conver sation. " Pray have you, my man," said the elder of the two, "'been acquainted with the cir cumstatices of this boy's illness?" .' Is it the poor :scholar, my Lord? Oh thin bedad tis myself that has that. The poor crathur .was in a terrible way all out, so he was. l-He caught the faver in the school be yant, one day, an' was turned out, by the-nagur o'- the world that he -was larnin' from." .: '! Are.you one of the persons who attend ed him ?" " Och, och, the crathur I what could un Fignified people like us do for him, barrin' a thrifle ? Any how, my Lord, it's the mera cle o' the world that he was ever able to over it at'all. Why, Sir, good luck to the one of him but suffered as much, - wid the help o' God, as 'ud overcome fifty men I" "How did . you provide him with drink at such a distance from any human habita tion?" .. "?Throth, hard enough we found it, Sir, to do that same; but sure, whether or not, my Lord, we couldn't be sich nagurs as to let him, die all out, for want o' somthin' to inoisten his throat wid." "I hope," inquired the other, "you had -nothing -to do in the milk-stealing. which has i'produced such an outcry in this immediate tieighbourhood ?" "Milk-stalin'l Oh, bedad, Sir, there (I never was the likes known afore in the coun thry.. -The :Lord forgive them that did it Be gorra, Sir, the wickedness o' the people's migl!ty improvin', if one 'nd take warnin' by it;'glory be to God I" "Many of the farmer's cows have been Smilked at night,, Connor,-perfectly. drained -even my own have not escaped; and we wbho have suffered are certainly determined, if possible, to ascertain those who-have co "nitted the he theft. I, for my part, have gone even, beyond my ability in relievita the wants of the poor, during this period of sickness and' famine; I therefore' deserved this the less:" " By the powdhers, your honour, if any gintleman desarved to have his cows unmilked it's yourself. But, as I said this minute; there's no.end to the wickedness o' the peo pie, so there's not, although the Catcchiz is 'igninst them-for, says it, 'There is but one F1'ith, one Church, an' oneBaptisin:' Now, Sir,: isn't it quare that people, wid sich words in tie bobk`afore them, won't be guided by :,rit? :.I suppose, they thought it only a white sin, Sir; to take the milk, the thieves o' the world. ?? .... - S"iMaybe, your honour, said another, "that it was only to keep the life in some poor sick crathiir thlt wanted!it more nor you or the farmers, tihat they did it. -'There's some ao' the samtiefarmers desarve worse, for they're keeping up the prices o their inmale an' pratisl upon the poor, oan' did so 'all along, .that they might make money by our outlier destitution. ' '?That is no juslification for,theft," observ; ed the graver of.the :two. "Does any_ one among syou suspect ihose who' cimmitted it ini this insmtane? Ifyoudo,'I comdnnisd you,' as your Bishop, to mention them."! "ITi'v for inotande," adlded 'ilit other, " were you able to supply this'sick: boy with whey during his illness ?" " ' "Oh thin, gintlemen,", replied Conner, dexterously parrying the question, " but it's a mighty improvin' thing' to see our own :Bishop,-=God'spare his Lordship to u I-an' the Protestant minister o' the parish joinin' together to relieve an' give good advice to the poor' Boedad it's settin' a fine example, so it is, to the Quality;'if they'd'take, pat thern by it." "Reply," said;the Bishop, rather sternly, "to the questions we have asked you." " The quistions, your Lordship ? It's proud an' happy we'd be to do what you want;, but the earra moan among? us casn do it, barrio' we'd say what we ou;ght not 'to say." That's the..truth, my. Lord ;.an' surcly tisn't-your Gracious Reverence that 'ud want us to go beyant it?"' ' " Certainly not," replied the Bishop. "'.I warn you against both falsellood and fraud two charges which might frequently be brought against you in your intercourse with the gentry of the countrywhbom you seldom scruple to deceive :and mislead, . by gliding into a character; when: speaking to ,them, that is often the reverse at your.: real one; whilst, at the same time, you are both honest and. sincee :to persons of your oswn class. Put away this practice, for it is both sinful and discreditable." " God bless your . Lordship I and "many thanks o your Gracious Reverence, for ad: visin' us I Well we know that it's the blessed thing to folly your words." . " Bring over that naked, starved-looking man, who is "stirring the fire under that pot," said the Rector-" he looks like famine i:self." " Paddy Dunn, will you ccme over here to' his honour, Paddy I liHe's goiu' to: give you somethin'," said Connor,- adding of his own accord the last clause of the message. The t'ttered creature approaced him.:with a gleam of expectation in his eyes that ap peared like insanity. . "God bless your honour for your good ness l"exclaimed Paddy. ' It's me that's in it, Sir I-Paddy Dunn, Sir, sure enough; but indeed I'm the next thing to my own ghost, Sir, now-God help me I" "What, and for whom are you cook ing?" "Jist the smallest dhrop in life, Sir, o' gruel, to keep the sowl in that lonely crathbur, Sir, the poor scholar.'" " Pray how long is it since you have eaten any thing yourself ?" The tears burst from the eyesof the miser able creature as he replied n" Before God in glory, your honour, an in the presence of his Lordship here, I' only got what 'nd make betther nor half a male widin the last day, Sir. 'Twas a weesh grain o' male that I got from a friend; an' as Ned Connor here tould me that this crathur' had notbin' to make the gruel for him, why I shared it wid him, bekase he couldn't even beg it, Sir, if he wanted it, an' him not able to walk yit." The worthy pastor's eyes glistened with a moisture that did hiin honour.' Without a word of observation he slipped a crown into the hand of Dunn, who looked at it as if he was paralyzed. " Oh thin," said he, fervently, " may every hair on your honour's head become a motuld candle to light you into glory 1 The world's goodness is in-your heart, Sir;', an' may all the blessin's of ,heaven rain down upon you an' yours 1" The two g6ntcirhen then gave assistance to the poor scholar, whom the Bishop addressed in kind and encouraging language : " Come to me, my.good. boy," he a?dled, and if on further inquiry, I find your' conduct has been such as I believe .it to have been, yon may rest assured, provided also you con tinue worthy of my good opinion, thatjI shall be a friend and a protector to you. 'Call on nie when you'get well, and 'I will speak to you at.greater length.'; : " Well," observed Coninor, when they were. gone, " the dii'il's own hard puzzle the Bishop had me in, abbot stilin' thei milk.' It wint agin the grain wid me to tell him ilfe lie, so I bad to inisint n bit o' truth, to keep my conscience clear; tor'siro there ' was not a man among us that could tell him,' barris' we said what wen olghtn't to say. .Doesn't 'all tlie worl' kno'thlat a miniiu'sglitn't to con dim himself. o That wap truth, any way; ;but divil a scrupleo 'd have in bomanin' the other -uot but that he's one o' theobestof his eort. Paddy Dunni, quit lookin'.at that crown, but get the shovel n'. give the boy his dhhrink hie's wantin' it." ,.. ':The agitation at sapirits produc~l.s 'ty Jemnmy's cheering interiiow astth tih. isuhops, wan, :for.. two or thlree days attrwavrds~, somenwhat. prejudicial to his convilescence. Ini less than a week, however, hel;was comn tfortably stttled.with Ilr. O'Ltorke's iamily, whoieo kindness.proved Co him quite as warm as lhehodl.expectoJ. ' Whoa.hen Ihad remained With them 'a fwv. dJays,,ho resolvedl, to recommence hIis stullies unoler hIis tyruit master. IHe certainly knew tint his lutuors attenadance atthel schlool-would be penial to uim, but Ih bad always looked obrwird tob tboe'ccomslisimont :oi hiis hIopsn as a task of dillticlty and' dlistresis. Tile severity to be'' dipectud 'trom: tihe mastor,' could not;' he thought, be grater. than lthat which hie had nlready sdiffered ; hO' .therelore usccided, it'f los:ble, to comipti' hIis educis. Lioni?under him. , . The icbool'whoen JTdmmy agipeared'in it, had beern lor more than an hour assembled, but the thlinness of the attendsasces iot jasily proved the woaul prevalence of sickness asid distress in" the perish,' but sharphened the pedagoguo's vinegur aspiect into an'exjressionn st,. coutenance.. singularly , peevaih u' and glis's. 'V Wieis the 'lad entered, 'a Inumsur os jl~easuru sin'dimelcoeoo ran through tlie scholars, and joy beamed-forth from : every countenance but that of his taclher..;: When the, latter noticed this, his irritability rose abo?v restraint; and lin exclaimed- "Silenco I and..apply to business, or, I shall cause' some of you ,to denude imme dintelr". No school over can prosper in which hirildo, called a jpoor scholar, is permitted toleration. I:thought, Sirrall; I told yon to nidificate,and hatch your will project nndher some other wing than minee." "I. only entrateo you," replied our poor hero, " to suflor mee. to join thie class I left whiloe I was sick, for about another year. I'll bo very quiet and Ilumble, and, 'as far as I can, will do every thing you'wish me." " Ab 1. you are a.crawling reptile," replied the savage, "ann, in my? opinion, nothing but a chate and impostor. I think you have imIposed yourself upon air. O'Brien for what you are not-that is, the son of an lionist man. I have no doubt hbut niany, of yqur nearest relations died after having seen their own 'funerals. Your mother, you runagate, oasn't, your faither's wilfe, I'll be bail." The spirit of the liboy coull ;ber this no loiger; Iis eyes flashed, and his sinews,stood out in the energy of deep indignation. , " It is false," hin exclaimed,.?!' it is s folse as your own cruel and cowardly; heart yPou wick, d and unprincipled tyrant I In every thing you Iavo said, of my father, mother, and friends, and otfmyself, too, :yu are n liar, from hli hat on your head to the dirt undhfer ouyrfeet-a liar, a~cownrd, and a villain I" The fury of the miscreant waas ungovern able : lie r?n nt.the still fkeble lad' and, by a :stroke of his fist, dashed him seniseless to the earth. There awere nrow no laigo boysin the ;i:hool to curb his resentment, he theref6re kicked him in the back when lie fill. Mlany voices exclaimed in alarm-" OhI l inisthbr, Sir, don't kill:hinm Oh I Sir dear, don't kill him I ' Don't kill poor Jcminy, Sir;. ni' fhi still sick!" "Kill him I ' replied thei, master-',' ill him, indeed l . Foith,, he'd be no; conmoiio mean who could kill him; he has as many. lives in him as a cat 'r S iure cil' live be hind a ditch, wild'thi forer on his back, whid out dying; and ho woueld live if'' he was stuck on the spire of a steeiple." . In the'mean time the bloy gaveo no:aymp. toms of returning life, ind the iaster, , alter deshling a low of the schola's to bring hinm out to the air, became pale as death !with, il prehension. Ha immediately, withdriw; to his privateo apartment, which joined the school-room, and sent out 'his Wife to. assist in restoring him to animation.. With soinme difficulty thiswas aceomplished.'. The un happy boy at once remembired what hadil just occurred, 'and the bitter tears gushed from his eves, as hef knelt down'nlad 'ex claimed, "eorcifll Father of' hbavein and earth have pity on me I You sea myy ý heart great God I and that what I did, I did for the best I " "Avourneon," said the woman, " lie's pas 'ionate, an' never mnlild him. Cdolo in nan' beg his pordon for callin' him a linr; an' I'll became spokesman for you my?esel. Come, ncushln, an' I'rll get lave for you to stay' In the. school still." " Oh, I'm hurted I" said the poor youth "I'm hurled inwardly-somewhere about the back and about my ribsl t' The pai, lie felt brought the tears down his .pale cheeks. "I wish I was at home I" said he. " I'll give up all and go homo e" The lonely boy then hidl his fhead upon his hands, as h? sat on the ground, and indulged in. a long burst of sorrow. " Well," said a mnuly-lookinglittle fello', whilst the tears stood in his 'eno, "I'll tell nmy father this, ony lhow. I know Ite won't let me coma to this ECtooe any more. Ilere, Jemmy, is a piece of oty bread, ,mayhe it will do you good." . ,"I'couldn't taste'it, Frank; dear," simi Jemmy ; "God bless yohf but I couldii't taste it." "Do," sail Frank ; "maybe it will bato back the pain." " Don't ask me,' Franks: dear," ), said Jeommy : "I couldn t nto it; I'm hurted in wnrdly?":'· " " ";? .... : , "iBd luck to mea!" oxclaimed the indig nnnt boy,. " if over imy teil tones! iwill' darken this 'school door ngii.. fBy the'livii', farmer, if they ax me atl home to do it,'I'll run:away to my uncle's, son.I will. Wait, Jemmy. I'll hIo big yet: an' be tie blessed Gospel that's about my neck, I'll give the same mastller an shirtul of soro banes, the holy an' ble'odd minuto I'mabile'ti do'it" ." Miany of the other boys declared that they would, acquaint their friends with thomasnter's cruelty to the.poor scholar; but Jemmy re quested them not to do so, snd said that Ihe waso determined 'to return homlo the moment he should be able to.travel.. The, affrighlted womant could not prevoail upon him to seek a reconciliation with her hushaind, although the expressions' of thie other sclholars induced her: to press hIim to it, even to entreaty. Jernmy 'nro.eie.ond with considerable difficulty -reached the Curath's hI.on. foiiid.hini at home, and, with tears!in his eyes, related to him tie atrocious conddct of this master. \---"Very well," said this excellent- man, "I anm glad that I can.venture to ride as for as Colonel. B- 's to-morrow. You must acconmpity me'1 for decidedlysuci britiality cannot bh permitted'ti6 go udujidnished." ' Jtmm'y' ;knew thatI thei Culate as his friend; annd, lthongh hte would not Ihimself !hive !thdughit of summoning the ,niiater to answer for his barbarity,' yet lierancquiseeil intho :Courato'e 'olpinion. '' foe'stolii;ed; tliht night in the hoiso of the wort:' maeti to whom h?r; O'Brien lad ri'commeohdiedhim b, liis'first edit'ring""tlto town.' 'ti'ppeared int 'the inoring, however', 'iorit'lt'Wais huabbl 'td :walk; ths blows Ivhiclh lie Ihd'rdebiv'd aworo ten felt by him to be morijdangerouts than had been supposed..' I[r. O!Brjei, on being informeld of this, procured a jaunting car, on which they bothlsat, and. at an easy panoe, ienched'rtih Colonel's residence. \- The Curate-was. shown itto an ante-room, andt Jemmy sat in the hall; tlie Colonel jjoined the former.ii'na few minutes. Hle had been in Engi],nd. and on thm Contioint, ac companiced by his family, foIbr nearly the nlat thlree years, but lind just returndc, in odtlcr to take iforoesaion of a large Itroplerty in land euid' tioney, tb which he succeeded it a very 'critical iitoment, for Iliis own estates were heavily encumbered. 11 woas now pIroliri' tor of na oddioional estte, the rent-roll ol which was six thousand per nnuum, tiand elo master 'at eighty-five thlouand pounids in tlie tunds. Mlr.' O'Brien, after congratilntina hiii upon his good fortuno, introduced the cit, ot our hero us one vwhich, in Ihis olinion, canled for the Ciolonel'a interposition ns a magis trate. " I 'haver aiplited to yeou, Sir," he pro cooded, "ratfur tlian to any other of thu neighbolluring gentlemen, because I think thLis friendles lad las a peculiar claim upon any good offices you could render him." "A. claim upon me I how is thant,. M'r. O'Brien" "" . " The boy, Sir, is not a native of this pro since. Ilis father wans fornierlv aý tenant ofb yours, mlan, as I have reason to believe, re 'niarkeble for' good conduct and Industry. Itnlappars that his ciraelnmtances;tso long as ha was your tenant, were those of aR com fortiblo independelnt fnrmer.. If the story" which Iis'son relates be triie-nild I; for orie; believe it--his famnily have boon dealt withl in' a mnnner uuusually cruel and iniquitlis. Your present a~ient,' Colonel, who is known in his own neigllbonrliood by the nioknamho of Yellow. Sam, thrust hain' out of his farm, when his wife was sick, for, the .purpose of plltting into it a' man who had inarried his illegitimato daughter. II this be found a correct account.obt e transaction, I hnvo no hesitation insaying, that you, Colonel B--, as a gentleman of honour and humanity, will investigate the conduct of your' ngnt, and see justice doie 'to ain Ihonst man, who muast lihave been opprcssed ii 'yournaitic, aid a'tdoer colour of your authority.' ".If my ageit lhas daired to, be' unjust io' ia waoriby tenant," said the Coloiel, "iai'ilter to provide, for his', bristard, by" my' ~6dred honour, 'h' shall cease' to bc"innagent of ininel .I admit,. certainly," tlat fronm soma circumstances that "t?anspired n'"fewir yeara ago, I havae'.rcason to 'saupect le is' itlegrity. Thit, to be sure,5 w?is oly so far ns Ie anrid I were concerned; bult, one the other lanud, during one or two visits' 'iiiade to the estate whlich he manages? I ieard the tenants'thllnk and praise himn witha'. mchl gratittiltd, and all that sort of thing. Tllere was 'ithalk youar hoinour '-' long may yol reign over t's, Sir' -and ' ohl, Colonel, you?ve .a tiglity good nman,to your agent,' nnd'so' forth. 'I do not think, Mi. O'Biil,: thlit hb lIas a"ictcd so hhrshly,"or'that . ho would 'dare to do iti 'Upo?rimy lhonour, I' hard"tlios'e expressions of 6?qtitude from the' lips of' the 'tenants tlicInselves.' ..!'If you.knew the people in general. Colo nel,,so well as I do,'.' replied the Curate, "'you would admit that such expressions anr often either cuttingly ironical, or the result of. fedr. .You will alwnasfind, Sir, that.the independenttportion of the people have least' ,of ltis forced dissimulation among them. A, disllincst and inhuman agent has in his own hands the irresponsible power of harassing and oppressing the tenantry under hIim., The class most hateful to the people are those lbo' wretches who spring up from nothing into wealth, accumulated by dishonesty and rapa city. They are proud, overbearing and' jea lous, even to vindictiveness, of the least want of respect. It is to such upstarts.tlhat' the poorer.classes are externally most civil; bat it is also such persons whom they most .hate and ahbor, They flatter tlhem to their faces, 'tis true, even 'to nausea; but they soldoma spare,themin.in their a.nbsence., Of this class, I believe, is'your agent, Yellow Sanm ;so thsat any favourable expressions you .may lhave heard from your tenantry towards him, were most probably the result of dissimnulation and fear. Besides, Sir, here is a testimonial from aM'Evoy's parish priest, in which his father is spoken of as an honest, moral, and industrious man." . "If what you say, Mr. O'Brien, be' cor rect," observed the Colonel,' "you klnow the Irish, penasantry mch better thman I do: Decidedly, I have -alvays thought them in conversation exceedingly candid and'sincere. -With respect to testimonials from priests and landlords in behalf of their tenants, tpon ?my honour, I am sick of them. 'I' actually re ceived, about four years ago, such all 'excel. lent claracter of two tenants, as induced me to aslipos-them worthy of encouragement. But:what was the fact 'Why, Sir; they were two of the greatest -firebrands on my estate,'and put both me and my 'agent to great trouble and expense. No, 'Sir; I wouldn't give a curse for a priest's testimno nials upon such an,occasion. These fellows were subsecquently convicted of' arson on the clearest evidence, and transported." " 11ell Sir, I gralt that: you. might have been milbled l,il , tthat instance. However, triom, ?dnis I h'ave bbserved, the 'two- great faults ofIrish landloirds areo' tliesd':.In the first place, they suiffer themselves: to :remain ignorant of .theirtonantry ;so 'nuch so, in deed, that theo frequently deny them access and r:ilrossi'web the 'poor people. are anxious to'ncqint theint temritr their grirvances ;' for it is usual with.landlords to refer theia 'to thosa very. ogets agninst whose cruelty and ripacity ttley areo nliali1ing. This is a carte blanche i'o the agenit to traimalle 'ullon tleait it' 'hoe ilenses. ':Ili? the next pinee, Irish landlords too frequontly..etas1loy. ignorant afnd needy men, to manngo tlheir ,states; men who hlave I no clinriacter no property), or standing in soeideti;,beyoi'nd tlidereputation of beling keen, shllrowd; and active" : PThse' persons, Sir, mlnakefortunes,?,nand what nmrans canm they, hInu ofl, accumoulating. wealtlh, exceplt by chenting' eilier thie landlord or hiis tenants? 'A 'history o't heir conduct 'would he i? black catalogue of, dishonn.ity,: oppression,) and trenclherf. IRespectable:mab resident on' or [ near .the estate, possessing buoth chracter and a properacj'i'hodl alwaysaio sallcted for this ' important trust. :Ilint above.all' things,' tla 'curso of a tenseutry is aper-ce(tage agent: he racks,anud 'drives; and opresses, without consideration either of market or produce, in order that hlis receipts may be ample, nod his own incomue lorgo." . Wiy, O'Brien, you appear to bo better acqunintred with all thi sort of thing than I, anwhso na a landed proprietor." l"3y tLe by, Sir, witlotat meaning you I any disrespect, it is the landlords of Iraland slwao kataw least uoltut tau grant sanss of its italabitannts; anal I might nno said, about its laistory, its literature, ttte tasnatners of the peolale, their castoots atnd their irejudices. The peatnltry ktnow this, ani too oltetn prac tis, ulaon therir ignoranco Tierr i's a land.tl lord'" V"t ale cculn sadly walvted ill Irelatd, Colonel." (To be coallitscsd.) 