ADELAIDE. THURSDAY, 4 E.M. The Northern Territory Lean Bill provides for the raising of £10,000 by bonds, bearing interest at 6 per cent., to be paid off between five and twenty years. News received from the far North reports the weather ae hot aod dry. j It is reported there will be five candidates for the M&voraltv.; 1 The corn market is firm ; there have been further inquiries for export, but no transactions. AnaivED. — Bella Rose, from Mauritius (her cargp is advertised, for aale.on Monday); Peru, from tne ' Baltic, called for orders ; Aldinga (e.), from Mel bourne. Mb. Suthebland's Reuabks in Reference to a National Bank. — We are requested to state tbat some misapprehension exists as to the impression which Mr. Sutherland intended to convey in his answer to & question pnt to him by an elector at the nomination for Paddington on Tuesdaylast. To the question Mr. Sutherland jooularly I replied, ''What was the use of a National Bank when there was no money to put into it f ' All that Mr. Sutber | land meant to convey woe, that the rote for railway work ( tag expenses for this year having been exhausted, it was neoessary to obtain the authority of the Executive Council j to anticipate a Bum to be placed on the Estimates before the money could be obtained from the Treasury to pay the men's wages, Mr. Sutherland being himself unacquainted with the state of the Government banking account. In saying that the Ministers bad to pledge themselves in [ order to obtain the money to pay the men, Mr. Sutherland merely meant to say that all the money voted by Parlia ment to meet the ordinary working expenses of the Hail- , ways having been expended, it became necessary for the CaDinet to pledge themselves to the Treasurer for the advance required before Exeontive authority oould be obtained for the expenditure. The Cabinet agreed to ag minute to that effect accordingly, the money was ad^ vanced, and the men paid ; bnt Executive authority for the expenditure has not yet been obtained. Sudden Death.— The City Coroner held an inquiry at the Naval Brigade Hotel, George-stieetNorth, on Thursday, respecting the death of a woman named Frances (or Teresa) Ascott. Mary Ann Rice stated that she resided at a house in Vinegar-lane ; the deceased occupied a room, in the same house ; some time ago deceased tola her she was 27 years of age, and that her husband was a prisoner on Cockatoo Island, serving a sentence for bushranging ; deceased suffered from a violent cough, and during the last few days had been unable to leave herroom *, she advised her several times to get medical advioe, but she refused, saying the doctors oould do her no good— that she had been informed by a doctor that one of her lungs was gone; deceased appeared very ill on Wednesday morning, and she (witness) sent for Dr. Dansey, but when he arrived life was extinct. — Rudolf Echuette, house physician at the Infirmary, stated tbat deceased was admitted into the Infirmary on the 18th November, 1867 : she, on that occasion, stated that she was a widow, and haa oome from Mudgee; she was suffering from consumption, end remained in the Infirmary till the 13th January, 1865, when she was discharged relieved but incurable; he saw nothing of beragain until a few days ago when she applied forreadmission into the Infirmary; under the circumstances he declined to admit her, but offered her a ticket for out-door treatment, which ate rofusad to accept. — l)r, Dansev was of opinion that death was oooasionod through the bursting of an abscess in the lungs, and a ver dict was returned by.thejaiy to the effect that deceawd died fixigiMtmiJ causes. . .The Wbathsr.— Rain commenced to fall pretty heavily early an Thursday, and continued up till abont eleven o'clock, after which hoar It was fine until about three o'clock in the afternoon, when there was another shower of rain, which lasted for about half au hour or so. It then cleared np, and continued fine during the remainder of the evening, though very threatening clouds hung about. A fit roup cold fcoutlicrly wind was blowing during the whole of the day. Yesterday was dull and cold. Fatal Accident at Balmain. — A man, named Patrick | Cuney, died at the Infirmary on Thursday, from tha effect* of injuries ho received at Balmain on the previous afternoon. Deceased, who was in tho employ of Mr. Wearne, of the j Anchor Flour Mills, had gone over to Balmain with a load ; of (lour, and as he was returning with his home aod dray along Beatlie-street, the horse, which was a very spirited I animal, boiled, and Carney, finding he had lost all control over it, endeavoured to jump off, and in so doing fell bo- ' I tween tbe horse and the drav. One of his arms was broken, his eknll waa fractured, and he received other very severe injuries. Some men w ho witnessed the occurrence, went to Carney's assistance, ahd Immediately sent off for medical assistance. Drs. Elliott, and Evans were both soon after wards in attend unco, and having dropped tho wounds, recommended- Carney's removal to Ihe Infirmary,, to which place he was accordingly taken. Deceased resided in Prince-street. Weslbyan Methodist Chcbcu Esjwentation ani5 Extension Society. — The annual meeting of the York street Circuit in connection with the above society, was held in the York-street chapel, on the evening of tbe 11th instant. After devotional exercises, the Rev. □. II. Gaud took tho choir, and explained the objects ol the society. The Rev. W. Clarke then read the report of the society for tho past year. The Rev. G. Woolnough moved, the Rev. W. Hill, of Kioma, seconded, and tbrilev. G. Hurst sup- ' ported the fiist resolution. Tbe second resolution was moved by the Rev, W. C. Hughes, of Ulladulia, and seconded by the Rev. J. Fletcher. Messrs. W. B. Haigh, C. Field, J. Wilson, J. PenT, J. Demelly, L. Kendall, J. R. Linslcy, J. Clarke, Mr. Greer, Captain Welch, Dr. Hoffitt, and the Rev. R. Mansfield, wore then appointed a committee for the ensuing yoar, on the motion of tho Rev. R. Lamb, seconded by the Rev. W. Clarke. The meeting 1 closed villi the doxology. Death undeii Susncious Circumstances. — The j City Coroner commenced an inquiry on Thursday, at the j Glebe Tavern, corner oi Market and Coetlereagh streets, respecting the death of a young man, named Joseph Patrick Fitzsimmons. John Fitzimmons stated that he ! was an engraver, and resided in Castlcreagb-street South ; the deceased was his son, and was 17 years of age ; his son worked as a coachsmith ; deceased left home about half-past 7 o'clock on Wednesday evening, quite well ; he saw nothing more of him until he was brought home about half-past 9 o'clock in a state of insensibility, by three young men ; he only knew one of the young men, whose name was Irwin, and who resided in Clarencc-Btreet ; his son appeared to be dead when he was brought home ; his mouth was swollen very much, and there was a large swelling on the left temple, but there was no blood to be seen ; upon seeing him in such a condition he immediately went for Dr. Walker ; Dr. Roberts also attended in con junction with Dr. Walker ; deceased never became sensible, end died about 4 o'clock on the following morning ; deceased was ordinarily of sober habits, and was sober W l_ft m Wotnul.. - h. waB of a peaceful temperament, and so far as his (witness's) knowledge of him extended, he thought he would rather shun than provoke a quarrel with any one. Sergeant M'Keogh stated that about 4 o'clock yesterday mominghe received information that a young man named Joseph Patrick Fitzsimmsns had died at his father's residence from the effects of injuries received whilst fighting in a paddock near the Museum ; he immediately went to the house where deceased was lying : from information he afterwards received he arrested Edmund Smith, Peter Cunninghame, David Fitzpatrick, Benjamin Davis, and Charles Camden, the prisoners before the Court ; he arrested Smith for having caused the death of Joseph Patrick Fitzsimmons, and the other four for being accessories to the same ; on apprehending Smith he cautioned him against saving anything that might be used in evidence against him ; Cun ninghame, when, arrested, said he was present at the fight, and that deceased had asked lUD3 to be present ; hecautioned each of the other prigo^rs in the same way as he had cautioned ^mith ; Fitzpatrick said, lc I met Smith and the dccrsfeed in King-street, last night ; I was present when I they fought ; I heard Cunninghame press the fight ; ' Davis and Camden both said they were at the fight but could not get near it. In answer to a question put by Mr. i (Jory, who appe&rea; to watch tne proceedings on benau ot Smith, sergeant M'Keogh said he heard that deceased was put cut of & cab after -the fight, but he could not say whether deceased was thrown on the ground or not The inquiry was adjonmed until 9 o'clock on Tuesday next, in order to give time for the police to obtain evidence. Fatal Accident in Harris-street.— The City Coroner held an inquiry, on Thursday, at the Benevolent Asylum, respecting tbe death of a young man, named Paul Selbv, who was killed in Harris-street, on Wednesday afternoon, by being run oyer by a cart laden with bricks. Constable Lawless stated that abont half -past 4 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, in consequence of information he received, he went into Harris-street, and there saw the deceased lying on the eide of the road ; there were marks on deceased's arm as if something heavy had passed over it, and there was & large pool of blood under ms head ; a whin was lying near to deceased's hand, and his hat was lying near to him and was saturated with blood; life appeared to be extinct; a hone and cart were standing about twenty yards further down tbe road ; the road where the body was lying is in a good state of repair ; he removed the body to tne dead-house at the Benevolent Asylum; he ascertained from one of the bystanders that two women saw the deceased fall off the cart and the wheel pass over his body, and that they thought he was asleep when he fell off; he (witness) had not been able to find those women, Meshach Eelby, mason, of Stanmore, stated that deceased was his eon, and was about eighteen years Of age ; on Wednesday afternoon, deoeased was engaged carting bricks from Newtown for Mrs. Grelgj he was a very sober yonth, and, from his knowledge of him, he believed he was not under the influenoe of drink when he received the injuries which caused his death. William Parsons, 14, stated that he joined the deceased on the Newtown Road, for the purpose of showing him where io take the bricks to at Balmain; as they were going down Harris-street, he sat on the cart with his back , towards Selby ; Selhy sat in front of the cart, with his feet resting on the cart shaft; deceased was quite sober ; the horse appeared to be a quiet one ; as they were going along, he beam the deceased call out 'Woh;' the horse was walking at the time; imme diately aftenrards he saw deceased lying on the road, with blood flowing from his nostrils ; he jumped off the cart: and stopped the horse ; two women, who were following the dray, went up to the deceased, and be left them in charge of him whilst he went for Dr. Grey ; Dr.. Grey was net in, and he at once returned to the spot where the accident occurred ; there were several persons there then, and deceased was lying in a cart ; when he first went up to de ceased, after hiB falling off, his eyes were closed, and he appeared to be dead. Dr. Renwick stated he examined the body shortly after the accident took place; ths left side of the face was swollen, the oollar bone and first two ribs on the left side were fractured, and the lung substance was injured ; along the whole course of the left arm there was a bruise mark, with excoriation of the skin, evidently the result of the passage of a wheel over the parts ; the cause of death was injuries to the internal organs of the body, especially of the brain. The jury returned a verdict to the t efiect that death was occasioned by injuries accidentally received. K Fatal Accident. — On Sunday afternoon last (accord Sg to the Uraidwood Dispatch) Mr. William Hawes, publican, of little River, met with his death in a most isudden and unlooked for manner. He was driving home Worn Braidwood in a spring-cart, after laving been to a funeral, -accompanied by two of his little daughters. Some where in the vicinity of Meroo the wheel on the Bide at which he was sitting went over a stump, and in ihe sudden jerk which ensued the bolt Connecting the spring with the cart was broken, and the. front part of the cart came down on to the axle, precipitating Mr. ttawes violently to tbe ground, jur. isawara w outer, with Mr. Galway, and one or two others, who were riding along the road in front of Mr. Hawes, being made aware of the accident, immediately came sad ruised him up from the ground where he waa lying upon his face, which was all covered with blood and upon which he appeared to have fallen. He Was plaoed in the cart, which Mr. Walker got up into and drove. After going a very Short distance Mr. Hawes desired that the cart should be stopped, and that be should be plaoed on the ground for a little while, and on hiB consenting to being lifted into the cart again, he asked Mr. Walker to rive him his hand and said he was dying. After Mr. Walker had proceeded a mile with him be was found to be dead. Mr. Walker then drove deceased to the home which he left in the morning in his usual health and spirits and to which he was returned a ootpso, his sad end being t attributable to no cause over which any human control could have been exercised, deceased at the time being per fectly sober, never having tasted a drop of liquor while he i-waa out. He leaves a widow and a very large family of nine children, the youngest being a baby only a few months old. He was sixty-five years of age, and the fatal consequence of the fall may no doubt be partly attributed to his advanced age. An inquest was held upon the body on Monday, before Dr. Pattison and a jun-, when, after 1 the above facts being elicited, a verdict was returned of accidental death. A few bruises were foand on the body, but no uieifc&l; evidence having been taken, it was not mug whether thoy were sufficient to cause death, or whether deceased died from internal rupture. Theeatekujo a Cbitic. — At the Melbourne Police Court, on Friday, James H. Le Roy, husband of Madame Buret, the actress, appeared in answer to a charge of using -threatening language towards Dr. Neild. {vilbert Roberts, manager of the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, said he knew the defendant who, on Saturday morning, went into his office, and in uie course of conversation said ho would give Dr. Neild such a thrashing as would prevent him from writing for a month, and added that he only feared as- he was so big, snd Dr. Nield so little, be might prevent him writing for ever. Tbat threat had reference to a notice in The Auitrnlasiaii, which te Roy read, criticising ths per formances ef his vife/^Iadame Duret. Dr. Neild Bald he believed himself in danger, from the threats uttered by defendant, end wished him bound over 'to kee^ ths peaoe. The Bench ordered defendant to find two sureties, of £100 each, to keep the peace for six months. Lord Stsntay Arrived in Paris from Lucerne to Saturday evening, September Sth, and was reeeivod by tho Marquis do Mcusucr. The latter dined with Lord Stanley at the I British Embassy. . The most pcaoeful nssuraaoes were ex changed by tho 'tvo Ministers. A Man Accidentally Poisoned. — Information reached the coroner at Sandhurst on Thursday, the Sth instant, from Heathcote, to the effect that a man, named George Wilson, while in the bar of the Prinoe of Wales Hotel, Heathcote, had helped himself to a nobbier from one of the bottleB marked ' whisky,' on the stand on the counter. He drank it off quickly— too late to discover that it was not whisky, but cyanide of potassium, which he had drunk. In a few minutes he was dead. Another version of (be story is given by the Bcniigo Info' fiwdmt, which stales that ' Wilson went into the hotel and called for a nobbier of whisky. A young girl who was attending at the bar took from a shelf containing several other bottles, one which was labelled 'whisky,' and served out the nsual quantity in o glass. Wilson took it off at a draught, and immediately exclaimed, 'I'm poisoned, I'm poii-onea ! ' — the only words ho afterwards uttered. It wet tpccdily discovered that he had drunk out of a bittle filled with cyonidc of potassium — a chemical preparation utcd by Mr. Jackson. Medical assistance waB soon on the spot, and remedies were sought to be introduced, but in vain. The poor fellow breathed his latt in about seven miisutes after having swallowed the mixture. He loaves a wife nnd two children.' Ebcaee i'eom Custody.— Intelligence reached town on j Tuetday (says. the Draidwood Dispatch) of the escape from 'the custody of the 'olice at Tarr ago, of the prisoner I Thomas jjyiUfi*, -who was remanded to . Hartley by the | Brsidwood Bench on Friday last, to answer a warrant which had been issued from that place for his apprehension, on a charge of obtaining money upon a valueless cbequc. The prisoner escopcd in tbe night, we hear, and must have un loof ed his handcuffs, and made off upon a horse which he bad in his possession, with a dray, when arrested in Ara luefl on a chargc of robbery, upon which be was committed by the Araluen Bench, and upon which the Attorney General declined to procetd againEt him. Boiler Exi-losions and their Prevention.— A paper read before the British Association by Mr. L. E. Fletcher, ' On the unsatisfactory character of Coroner's inquests consequent on steam boiler explosions,' contains some useful suggestions. Mr. Fletcher observes: — ' It appears that since the commencement of 1835 up to the 31st of May lest, there occurred iu different parts of the king dom as many as 404 explosions, by which 789 persons were killed and 924 injured ; and these are not all, as in the earlier years the records are not complete. It may be slated, in round numbers, that about fifty steam-boiler ex plosions occur on an average every year, resulting in the loss of seventy lives. In the author's opinion, derived from a very limited experience, whatever may be the precise circumstances of cach case, tho cause of eveiy one may be given in one word, viz., neglect, while the simple preventative is care. The author proceeded to say, let every coroner be empowered and instructed, when holding an inquiry on a boiler explosion, to call in two com petent and perfectly independent scientific engineers to in vestigate the cause of the explosion, and report to the jury thereon. These engineers to visit the scene of the explo sion. and examine the fragments of the boiler, to attend the inquest, hear the evidence given by parties con cerned in the charge of the boiler, end aid the coroner in conducting the inquiry ; while, in addition, they should report to him, either jointly or severally, on the cause of the explosion, and accompany their report with suitable sealed drawings of the exploded boiler, Slowing its original construction, and the lines of fracture as well as the flight of the parts, as far as they can be ascertained. The inquest to be open to the public, under the control of the coroner, and oIbo to tho Press, both scien tific and general, so that the entire proceedings may have as wide a circulation as possible. A full account of the in quiry, including the engineers* report, accompanied with uie sealed drawings, to oe printed and deposited at the Patent Office, and to be accessible to both the pur chase and inspection of the public, as is at present the case with the specification of patents. Also a report of each inquiry to be sent to the members of both Houses of Parliament as issued. Such a course, he thought, wonld stimulate coroners to make searching and full in vestigations ; and if at the outset incompetent engineers were selected by the coroner, the publicity given to their proceedings, as recommended above, would bring them under the criticism of the Press and general engineering public, which it is thought might be relied on as a cor- ' rective. If full investigations were brought to bear npon | boiler cxclosions.and thoBe steam users who produced them by working old worn-out boilers were fairly brought to the bar of public opinion, and compelled, when necessary, to compensate the widow and orphan for the ^ results of their negligence, the mystery of boiler explosions would soon be dispelled, and their occurrence put a stop to. He considered this plan superior to any Government inspection, which led to the fettering of trade and destroyed responsi bility.' Alphabet ron the Blind.— The Rev. C. H. Carpen ter, American missionaiy at Harpoot, Eastern Turkey, has invented a novel alphabet to be used in the instruction of blind Armenians, of which many are found in his field of labour. 'A very small round-topped tack, thrust upright into a piece of pine board, represents the first letter. The same tack inclined to the top, represents the second, and leaning to the bottom, the right hand and the left by turns, the next three. For the next four letters ens side of the tack is then cut off, and the cut portion made to face by turns the top, the bottom, the right and the left hand. The half-headed tack inclined to the top, the bottom, the right and left hand, again by turns representing the next four letters. Essentially the earne course is then pursued with the next two styles of tacks, and our alphabet is ready. Other sorts of tacks and variations of them then furnish points for punctuation and the numerals, and with a good supply of tacks and a. piece of soft pine board for a page, we are ready to write a chapter of the Bible or a bymn for one blind reader whose sensitive fingers will eo learn to run along the line of iron and copper with such epeed and assurance as are ours in reading the printed page. The page once committed to memory will be passed along to a second reader, or the tacks withdraws and like your printer's type, used for printing another psge.' In this way two or three dollars' worth of tacks may be made available for printing, if he choose, all the chapters of the Bible and the hymns of the hymn book, or anything else which ia needed. The Rivebika Starring Case.— Friday's Melbourne Argue gives the following particulars of a fatal affray that occurred in a shearer's shed at Gannon's farm, in Riverina. A named Lindsay, known as ' Scotty,' a shearer, had a quarrel with another, named May, in a public-house bar. He then went to the shed, declared that he would murder May, and armed himself with two pairs of wool-shears for the purpose. May having then come into the shed, a struggle took place, in which Lindsay, having the worst of it, struck out with one of the shears, and stabbed a man named Harper in the thigh as he was coming to the assist ance ef May. Harper died of the wound, and Lindsay has been committed for trial on a charge of wilful murder. He is described as being a man of very bad temper. He him self, while announcing his intention to murder May, said the latter would be the fifth man he had murdered ; that he ought to have been hanged long before ; and that all his old mates had suffered that fate. Mtstebious Death. — The Sathurst Timet reports that on Monday last, the district Coroner held an inquiry at Caloola Creek, touching the death of a Chinaman named Ah Tsee, who had been found lying dead in his bed with his throat cut, and a wound in his belly, through which the fact that the deceased lived in tbe hut by himself, and that foe some time post he had complained of bong very sick ; he appeared to be suffering from violent pains in the abdomen, and was almost unable to do anything for himself. His countrymen — of whom there were several working half a mile from deceased's hut — never did anything for him. A man named William Dickson used to render the poor fellow what assistance he could, and a Mrs. M'Gann sent him sago and milk on two or three different occasions. The deceased was last seen alive on Friday afternoon by Dickson : ho was then crying, and made signs that he wanted Dickson to return on Saturday and dig a hole to burr him ; witness told him not to cry and then left him. He went on Saturday morning at sun rise to deceascd's hut, and after calling him two or three times wentond felt his feet which were stiff and cold. In formation was given to the police, and when the constable arrived he examined the body and lound the wounds before named. A Chinese razor was lying on deceased's breast and bis hands were covered with blood, as if he had had them, inthe wound in his throat. The Coroner found a verdict in accordance with the abovaaamed facts. Fetbolecm. — A few weeks ago we gave the substance of an interesting article in the Eivue des Deux Mondts having reference to an experiment made with petroleum, under the immediate supervision of tbe Emperor of France. The facts showed that petroleum had been successfully applied to etesm navigation. This novel applica tion of petroleum has been followed by other experiments not less interesting and important. The Illustrated London JTctct has the following, under date Paris, September 10,' 1868 :— At ChiJons, ere the train started for the Camp, the engine was replaced by another of somewhat singular ap pearance, the invention of M. M. Sauvageand Ssinte Claire, and constructed to consume petroleum instead of coal. The Emperor, accompanied by the two inventors, placed him self npon the tender, and followed with manifest interest all the details of this application of a new agent of loco motion. The experiment proved a complete success-— the distance from Chalons to the Petit Mourmelon, being traversed in fifteen minutes less than the time usuolly taken by the fastest express train. Petroleum in connection with artillery is alsc spoken of, and it will be interesting to learn what auoeess has attended its use as en explosive force applied to. largo pieces.of ord nance. The increased consumption ef kerosene consequent on its more general use and wider afplicatien has in Eng land led to legislation with a view to ensure the safety of the public. In this colony no such legislation, has been, effected. The late Mr. R. Johnson introduced a bill into the Legislative Council, in 1865, for the safe keeping of petrol? urn, It was in due course transmitted tothe Assem : bly, where it passed through nearly all its stagea, when its further progress wbb stayed by the prorogation on the 2 1st June, This subject is one desewing attentim, noi.only in Xd to the safe keeping of- petroleum, but also, with moe to its sole — some oils being of a character so highly inflammable as to bo used only with danger. Count (?) Vox Attb»s.— ' The Brisbane Courier Of . Saturday says : — ' Sane tidings have at last come to hand respecting the movements at the aocampUshsd swindler who lately gulled so many, under the nsmmsd name of Count Von Atteme. Captain Howe, who was in oommand of the Hamlot's Ghost, writing from Somerset, on Sep tember 29th, tell his wife that he has left tbc vossol, and will shortly bo in Brisbane. The Count (f).has set sail for Uie East imiicc. tnany of our roarers will sny ban tvtrqtfp', , . . 