As usual on the evo of the departure of a mail to England, tho fair famo of Iho colony is assailed by tho niouthpieco of tho disappointed and non- patriotic faction. In order to damage the M'Culloch Ministry, it ib considered right to attempt to under mine the credit of tho colony. Tho means taken to accomplish this end are menda cious in proportion to the presumed diffi culty of ascertaining on tho other Bide of the globe tho true state of affaire on this side. Considering the pertinacity with which mud has been thrown, month aftor month, it is astonish ing how little of it sticks. On the pre sent occasion a plain statement of facts will prevent the slightest injury, except in tho most benighted quarters, from being inflicted. Tho truth of Sir Charles Darling's statomont in one of his do spatches, that ' the appearance of any ' alleged fact in the columns of' a cer tain journal ' is prima facie proof ' of its falsehood,' is now generally ac knowledged, and is as well understood in London as it is in Melbourne. To show that Sir Charles's dictum is as true now as it was when it was uttered, we shall refer to the allegations made by our Collins-street contemporary of yes terday, and accompany them with authori tative denial and disproof : — ' The return of Mr Sl'Cnlloch to office was, wo were told, to put an end to tho deadlock, to secure the immediate discharge of existing liabilities, and to guarantee punctual payments in the future. Mr M'Cnlloch returned to office thvee months Bgo, and how has this prediction or promise been fulfilled? Many liabilities which were unpaid in July last, rotnain unpaid Btill.' It is not true, to begiu with, that any liability for which provision was made in July remains unpaid. But to show precisely what Mr M'Culloch haa done, it is requisite to recapitulate tho events of the .last seven months. On the 13th of March, Parliament assembled for the despatch of business. From that; day till the 9th of July — four months in all — the time was wasted in the attempt to carry on the public business by an irre sponsible Government. This state of affairs was put an end to by the re sumption of offiee by Mi: M'CuLLocn on the 10th of. July, and by the 18th a consolidated revenue bill for £1,950,000, to cover salaries and contracts for the preceding eighteen months, was passed, through both Houses, and received the royal assent, only two clear days having been occupied in the werk of unlocking the Treasury. If any ono' says that there was any wilful delay in disbursing ihia large sum, involving at least forty thou sand distinct accounts and payments, he will assert that which is false. But what cannot be allegod may be insinu ated, and that is what is now being done. The salaries and contracts having thus been provided for, it was requisite that other appropriations should be made in the regular way, by preparation of esti mates, messages from the Governor, and consideration thereof in committee of supply. But these things could not be done until the new Ministers had gone to the country for re-election— a proceeding which necessarily prevented Parliament from re-assembling until Fri day, the 7th of August, or commenc ing business till Tuesday, the 11th. On that day Mr M'Culloch an nounced that the business of the session would be limited # to the passing of two Loan Bills and the Estimates, ' as rapidly as may be con ' veniont to honorable members.' One week was spent in making sessional arrangements, appointing committees, and other necessary routine work, and on the 18th the Estimates were submitted, and Mr M'Cul loch made his financial statement. The debate on this statement and the consi deration of the votes is committee occu pied till the 2Gth, and on the 27th the resolutions in committoe were re ported and adopted by the House. The House went into committee of ways and means on tho 1st of Sep. teinber, and Mr M'Cullooh then ex pressed a hope that the Appropriation Bill would bo passed in the following week. The Opposition can best tell how this time was extended till the 29th, when the bill was finally passed aud asssented to. With this statement of work done by the Ministry and of tinra wasted by their opponents, we will invite attention to the next misstatement of our contempo rary : — 'For two months out of the throo since his (Mr M'CuIIocU'b) return to tho head of affairs, a second deadlook has existed.' So far is this from being true that.the financial business was got through with a celerity which was quite unprecedented. With tho prospect of tho Appropriation Bill becoming law within a week after the votes had been considered, it would havo been absurd to pas3 an interim supply bill. It must also be remem YinvaA Hint Mr Rr.^nvVs mischievous although peurilc protest against the Supply Bill of the 18th of July had beon adopted by the Council, and to send up another at the beginning of September would have been ' to provoke another collision and another deadlock. . The wisdom of the course actually adopted was demonstrated by the fact that when the Appropriation Bill was sent up to the Counoii, the obstacle raised by Mr Sladen was virtually removed, by an equality of votes for and against, and merely the ghost of it set up by the casting vote of the President. AYhile these events were in progress, the payments under the Supply Bill of £1,950,000 were uninterruptedly made. We now come to the proceedings sub secitteut to the passing of the Appropria tion Bill ou the 20th of September. Pay ments raider it wero commenced On tbo following day, the 30th, and up to tho 8th inst., (eight working days in all) tho payments made amounted to £105,000, or at tho rate of upwards of £50,000 a day. This is exclusive of £52,000, ths paymont of which did not depend on the passing of tho bill. With these facts before our readers, they can estimate the worth of tho following statement of our contemporary : — ' Now, after an Appropriation Aet has passed, mid two Loan Acts have been assented to, wo are besot ou all sides with complaints that tho Government will not, or cannot, pay. Tho grievance ia not confined to ono set of Government creditors. AH classes seem to suffer from it. Tho salaries of civil servants, tho debts duo to contractors, tho accounts for gooda sold and delivered, tho expenses of en tertaining H.R.H. Iho Dako of Edinburgh, alike remain ivupaid. Everyono naturally wnuls to know how long tbi* state of things is to last, and wo think that the pnblie is entitled to a speedy and conclusive answer to that question.' This, we need hardly add, is a tissue of falsehood from beginning to end. If a single civil servant tliroughout the length and breadth- of tho land remains unpaid, the fault must bo his own. Provision has beon made, not only in Melbourne, but in tho most remote parts of tho colony, forimmediate payment. Notasinglo claim the validity of which has been ascertained remains unprovided for. Before leaving town for a few daya' relaxation, Mr M'Culloch completed all the arrange ments for tho liquidation ol tlie debts incurred recklessly and without authority by tho Royal Reception Commission. On tho very day after Mr M'Culloch's back was turned this foul, false and ungenerous attack was made upon him. If his assailants be not ashamed of thomsolves, we trust that the commercial body, whose organ the slandorer is supposed to be, will hesitate before they aid him by giving circulation among their English consti tuents of statements eo false and inju rious, not only to the Government but to tho whole colony. The revenue returns for tho quarter and year ending 80th September are pub lished in another column. They are highly satisfactory, notwithstanding the apparent deficiency as compared with the corresponding periods ending 80th Sep tember, 1867. The decrease on the quarter is set down at £65;055, but this deficiency is duo to alterations of duties, and when allowance is ruade for the dis turbance thoreby produced, there remains a surplus of £85,299. In tho September quarter of last yoar, there was an increase of no less than £140,812 caused by the alteration in the spirit duties, and in the present year there is a deficiency of £9541 caused by the abolition of the gold ?export duty. There was no other difference in d.uties. between the two quarters. The true cornparison botween them therefore stands thus : — 1867\. — Revenue, exclusive of spirits and gold ? £651,551 18G8; — Revenue, exclusive of spirits ? ' and gold ? ? ? 736,850 Increase -on all items except spirits and gold ? 85,299 Dealing with tho returns for the year in the Bamo way, we find that the appa rent deficiency cf ''£2&4:,O4fi is reduced to tho insignificant 6um of £7409. But there are two other considerations which should be taken into account in making a tjomparison between the' yoars. The alterations on the items inoludod under tho head of 'new duties,' at the beginning of 18G7, have caused an increase in the present year of £71,804, and, on the other hand, tho proceeds of salos ~ef land by auction show a decrease of £101,437. This decrease is due entirely t6 the fact that, in erder that tho plethora of cash in the Treasury during the deadlook should not be need lessly increased, the sale of land by auc tion had been slackened. The compari son of all the items of revenue, exclusive of spirits, gold, now duties and sales of land by auction, shows a balance in favor of the present year of £22,164. The comparison of the rovenuo of the first nine months of the present year with the first nine months of 1867 affords a still more satisfactory re sult, for although thero is an apparent deficiency of £137,227, the deficiency on the two items of spirits and gold amounts to £236,669, so that the increase on all other itoms is £99,442, or in round numbers £100,000. Having thusascer tained that tho revenue taken in tho gross is in a satisfactory state, we shall defer for a day ' the consideration of the details. 