CARDINAL ANDREA. : . . ? » ? It is a great eonsolation to every Catholic heart to read of th» complete Return to the boaom of the Church of Cardinal Andrea. ' The Roman OJlcial Journal 6f the Vth pnbliehes hia retractation. It is dated 26th DfecemberT : The Cardiaal aokspwdoB for haVmg goao to Naples notwithstanding, the ? prohibition, /of .the J?ope jj he deplores the scandal he, has caused and hi? connection with the Jfsaniinatore. -news paper at Florence, the heretical doptrines of which he disapproves. ; The Cardinal adheres to the address of the Bishops assembled at Rome in June, 1867 ; he withdraws his protest against the Pontifical Brief of the i2th of June,: 1866, and asks pardon of the Pops and all those whom he has offended. It is sad to see men — great men — men in high positions— go astray even fora few months. Protestants have gloated over the so-called secession of the Cardinal, aud have flung it in the face of us Catholics. Now, let us judge the case on its own merits and make another contrast. Bishop Oolenso denied the inspiration of the holy Scripture— he ridiculed doctrines to which every curate must swear obedience— and he is still a Bislop of the Protestant Church, though an apostle of infi delity — and the Queen and Privy Council can not deprive him of his rank or income, and he snaps hia lingers at them. Cardinal Andrea denied no doctrine of the Catholic Church. His fault was political ; but political, faults, when they trench upon the supremacy of the Holy See audits prerogatives, sometimes ..merge into the ecclesiastical. Thus it. was, with the Cardinal ; aud when he became convinced of his error he repented of. it. Why?' For gain.atid honour? Certainly not : for he has lost his episcopate and grade (though nob rank) 'and, wo .may safely say that 'no influence, after that, of .the Holy .Ghost working through his Cifurch,. could have pre vailed upon such a man fcojnako such a sacrifice. Could any power in the Protestant Church have effeated such a result? Or. is, there any Protes tant bishop who woiild have. submitted himself thus to the Archbishop, of Canterbury ? ; , . 