ITEMS OF NEWS. Last "liilit Mr AValter Mohtgoinery gave his': extra night-of reeitala in the. Theatre Royal...The. (previous notices of tliii entertainment stilted that he appeared in compliance" xVitli a' very general : ' A — u .1 . ....... L.nG f.ii n» atn/lon/in rtf flin reijuusb, uuu u vciy juauij-jnig o»uwuww v. truth of tha.assertioii was the large attendance. Never.; on anj'( foriner occasion has the hbhse b.een' more crowded. Boxes, stalls, pit, orchestra, every inch of standing room was taken Up. By' some mismanagement -oii the part of .those con trolling the building, tho fighting-up was so imper fect that to very many Mr Montgomery could not truly he said1 to have appeared. ' To all in the back part of the house the expression of tho -re citer's face was lost. Mr Montgomery complained very justly of the negligence, nnd it is not likely such an avoid able thing will occur again. Mr Mont-, gomery met with ah enthusiastic reception, aud its a good deal of disappointment is being felt at ".The Raven" and other selections not having been ren dered, Mr Montgomery expressed lii.s in tention, of returning once more,' tin announdcinent which was heartily received. We" do not purpose to follow him through the task of the 'night, which luust, even to him, have been a very arduous one. After' tlio ovation' ho lias received it would ho a work of superei'ogation to do more than add that the programme; included the following'pieccs ' Hiuhlet. to tlio .players," " Polonius' eddvice tb son," " Soliloquy on dentil," "Queen. Mah,-" "I-Iuhert to Arthur," ."The hells, " Mary's ghost," ; ''.Shamas O'Brien," a story of '98, " Waterloo, " " The Blooinsbuiy christeuitig," ancl ' The charge of the 0t)0." Every spleetibn. was given with a: precision, wiiich , places Mr'Mont- gomery almost beyond criticism in tlic exhibiting of his versatile ! talent. Mr. Moiitgomery will very' justly receive another profitable Welcome at his next visit. .'n- I; ,. ::.-;(;l: ',,At tlio Maldon' PoliceCourtj-esterdajs'a debt case was heard of Grant v Gordon ,;l£I 10s, for work 'and Inborn. ; A verdict was recorded, for the plaintiff, with 5s costs. : ! . ' An accident happened pu;Thuisdfty" to a' child;' of Coiistahle ;Mpllpy's at; Guildford. The girl, wlio is 'only eighteen ; mohtlis bid;1 fell 'off (; a safe rtiicV fractured' lie'r' iirih. 1 Dr . Bailey ; was .calledin, nnd gavc tho required aid to tlio sufferer. Tile Guildford Common School (Mr Henry,' head teacher) broke up fbi' a short hcJliday on Wbdhesday; Preiiously.i a number, 'of. .very, nice prizes, were, distributed. > The scholars in icas- semhling Wiii occupy- the now building -which is; now complete. , In the Guildford' district, as in, Castloiiiailie, .' a large . number of : children are jsnfforlng from; diseases of .the . throat and chest., .i The sudden change pf weather lias also been .productive of complaints from adults, to whose organisation warm Weathbrisa disturbaht. . . , A day or two ago a child belonging to parents named Etchell, residing at Aberdeen Hill, was. playing1 near a boiler cofttaiiiing scalding, liot water ana ciotnmg, wiien sue jeu mio it obck- wai'ds, and was severely injured about tlio back of the upper- portion of tlio body. Prompt atten tion was given tlio child, but during the following night the window, near which . she was lying fell out, and hurt her: head, producing a series of fits. The little sufferer is, however, recovering from her mishaps. The Melbourne Post for tho month is an ex cellent number, Whether from the quality of the engravings or the' clipica of. subjects.; V Amongst these are " Opening of tho Viotoria Asylum and School for tlie blind," a, portrait, of :Dr Blair, and life-like ono of the late venerated Dean Hayes ; a sugar plantation in New South ' Wales, ami a " Rustic hridgo over the Emu Creek;" "Tho j Loyhl Liberal ; soiree- at < BaUarat,".! and Ran- peralia, the New Zealand chief." Tlie original feiidihg ' matter; 'is "judicious -and: the.'originnl matter good. 1 Mrs Yale, - Mostyn-strcet, is tho agent for the periodical; Tlio Illustrated Noivs this, month .is also , a capital number for home readers, and contains several excellent engravings of coioiiinrovonts ancl scenery. v . ! , Aii ill- looking scoundrel named John Andrews, boasting of several aliases, and further decorated witli a pair of haiid-ouffs, was plnced in the dock at the Sandhurst' Police Courtyesterday morning, writes the Independent, charged- with having broken into and. stolen-ffom a. house in Heathcoto a quantity of hedding, .clothing, &o.; . Mr.M'Lach- lan speedily recognised him us nupld acquaintance and said, ' Well, Ball'aram. nro you here again?" Tho ruffian at once replied in the affirmative, adding a hope that his next meeting with our, respected -police, magistrate 'might ;bo in '-Roll.: After having been: remanded to I-Ienthcotc the prisoner, who had been muttering bad language while Constable Wright : Wus-giving evidenco as to tlio "arrest" and the ;disqpyery;of the1 stolon pro perty, looked Mr M'Lnchltm full in tlio faco and made usb of sush horrible Vpxpressions as could not more particularly be referred to in'tho 'column of a morning journnl..Mr M'Lnclilan said he ; wollremembcrocl that. whcn tlio prisoner was.lnst hefoi'e hiin (somo five years ' ago, on' chdrgo' of 1 liofse-stcaling) hb had. boen "obliged- to have -hiiri 1 gagged, and lie told tlie police to repeat the opera- , tion if neciessary. '.-'However, tlie- examination being concluded tho prisoner was.led awiiyi.We. : are infonncd that' though not more'tliah q.middlb ; aged miiii lib'hh's ttlreatly spoilt ahoiit twenty- two ' year's ili 'penal sbrvi tilde, iind lie pnly.cbmplotod ; his Inst sentence of five' years - about six of eight (weeks ago.- Wo have rarely seen a more brutal ( or a more degraded; Bpechnen, of humanity.;; We have, also loafht .tliftt.'ile.gfaduatbd'aV Norfolk, > Island; and tliis . may 'iff bomo' measure account for liis yiUdinpusfoonduct-in court. I. ' According to the 3allarat Star)5 .'four-', Sisters of i Mercy and three Uhriatian Ibrelhron are ex(ieote'd to (arrive in Ballarat shortly from England; ' .when the nuns will form a convent" for educational purposes. Bishops Goold and Shiel are expected 'to arrive in- Australia by next Christmas, and until thn arrival of Bishop Goold; in .-bis: diocese it is not probable that any further' building operations will be ordered in cohinsxion' with St. Patrick's Chnroh. It-' is' hot expected, cither, that anything more (will' be knowing respecting the mooted creation of a Bal- \- larat'bishbaric until the return of the absent pre lates. . : Free selectors ovor the horderhave oftcn threatened- to attack the Moira rub, occupied by the hon. 'John; O'Shanassy, and it would appear that a beginning ihasbeeh'fnadb. At tho Deniliquin land office last (week two brothers named -Mathews -took 'up 320 acres each of: Moira.- 16 is one of : tho ; things not -generally, known that on -tho New ( South Wales side of the Murray the sqlihtters are' hot'io care fully pfotebtod against aggression as they arc on the Viotorian sido, - The first couple of snipe shot in tlio Smythcs- dale district this season, so far as I am aware (writes the Star correspondent), wore killed in the swnmp, near Brown's, on Monday, .list August, by Mr James Martin, of tho bcarsdale Foundry. . . Among tlio Japan news in the China Mail of 10th July '-'wo' (find this item Tlio : steamer Albioffii littd' tirflved (Trom;; Australia with about cichteon pnssohgei-sV wlio 'fanciod thlit Jupfth was airElddmdbV 'iiud liiid left employment- 111 the colonies to seck a/ortuno tliere, . The \oltohnma papers,' comment stfongly on this event, ine Gazette says: — 'Wo cannot too strongly urge upon our brethren . of the Australian press to do all in their powor to counteract tho falso iinpies- isibhs.thb lotters 'have given rise to, i arid prevent: colonists loaving their shores, however dull the, times may be with them, for the certainty of dis- appointment iicro.' " : Connected witli -tlio recent tidal disturbances (says a coi-respbndent of, tlie Warrhambpol Ex- nminor) is a.curious phenomenon wlilch happened fft a slab hut at Mflo.DbWnfo.hear Digby',' dmOng the -night and nboilt the tirad. the tidal -waVe. -'reached the shores.of.tliese colonies, i From what Tliavei,he'ard there were - three irien i sleeping " in the hut, who were awakened by a roclting of tlie building and a cloaking of its joints, wlierehy they thought the slabs would fall out. The men were iff mortal terror, and ran out undressed. At the time of the occurrenco there \Viis ho wind, and the period of the disturbance did not last more than a minute or ivio. Our dates from Adelaide are to the -1st inst. The accounts from the Far' North, owing to the ctrdught; vi'erff the" reverse Pf blieering. The water in Lake Hope had become saltm conse- "qiibneo of the flood waters not having come down for many months, and it lias become necessary, to- remov'ff''(llie:'caitle -tb: tlie Fihniss '' Springs; From all heard, the affray with tlio blacks, spbkeli of soihe -iveeks ago, has not been of so serious a character as was at first represented. Some specimens of .insects -found-- ntv the root of, wheat plants affected by_the disease kuown-as" take-all, which lias exhibited itself - somowliaf ex- tdnsively! in /Kangaroo .'Island, had been forwarded to the Registef.'""'- Tlib" iiisefct' ift: lciidwn as the "corn-eel nnd was' referred to in tlio evidence before' the Cofilmis&i;'off' oil Oftreal 'Diseases as the vibrio' tritice. It (is pfteff' 'fouiid1 in connection vrttt'ijent!iffiefile4:by;feko- on3Vlrathether:ilrib tho cause of that disease, or iii attracted to the plant after being enfeebled by disease is uncer tain. Mr Ey, iii his evidence, stated that iffliis belief tlfo',,nnimalc«lte yas : sortn lvith : the seed, and that addressing- -of' sulphuric acid would kill ,it. ...The: same; witness foimd beneficial results from' ivateriiig a -.small patch, the -plants upon which showed / signs of the :tftlre-all, with sul phuric acid ; (but; of coiirse,"; that remecly co'ulcl not be generally. rqsorted.to.; , ... 