PASTORAL. Ik tts weekly stock report, the X-H6*oiW«f ate* of the Mth «are :— ' Since our last we h»ve received advices ftom aeveral parta of theJiatriot, which display « very b»d state of affair*, owinfc K- the . continued dry weather. The wantof rain ie nowttwiag greatly felt,; ( «ndte»o«u8parfiofthec-mntrf,»t tfa* breaking ,up o* the UitarougW, did not look wtne th» it does at ptMrt. OttWwtnaWM letter, «ni ttoWalfttt - torul. Rprjs (tk»t I have water h»»e not grass, and ruettrta. Cattle and #heep are being watered at . welle..:;, There is but very littie feed between f-he ^Weiumcrawft and JVaJgett, and no grass pa tbe rune Euroka, Ac.— in the vicinity of that place. On the 'Began tain is much required, and grass is perishing. Some perton* 'are' commencing to travel their flocks fir feed, «*d many more will follow their- example during the winter, if we have -not nun very quickly, from Bourke we hear that the weitjher .continues dry ; but as yet no inconvenience is felt by equ&ttcre.; The water supply is holding Jout loltrtWy well, And^rase, though dry, it siid to be - plentiful. The report* from the Warrego and Pario are favourable. On the Castlereagh rain is mucb (re quired, «id feed is scarce. On the whole the state of the country just now is fer from being encouraging. Unless Tain comes shortly, great losses are prognosti cated -during the winter. The probability of the suc cess of Mort'e scheme for the exportation of meat to England appears to be operating favourably with regard to Mauona, for the demand for them, is becom ing gwattr.' The weekly report of the Wagga Wagga Express of tbeSSth is just as4iitle encouraging. It says :— 'The weather -still -continues-dry and settled, and the want of tain is beginning to be felt as a serious evil. The country is daily becoming browner and barer, and, if rein doec not soon (all in this district, there will be a scarcity of feed before the winter is over. Prom the north and west, the news is, upon the whole, good, much more rain appearing to have fallen there than this part of the country has been visited with. Stock generally ere in excellent condition. In some places the want of rain is, however, severely felt- On the lower Cnndamine, the-country is very dry, cad upon the Moonic tbe grWB has almott diiappeared. On the Barworj, near Walgett, much the same state of things is mid to prevail, and on the Darling, 'War rego, and Bog an, rain is also wanted.' The Pastoral Investment Company has at last, saya the liubbo Dupatch, bttn 'compelled to give ap the ' ghost.' It was the strongest, and, to all appearances, meet prosperous of all our joint stock pastoral con cern*; -but perishing droughts, the large expcoBes of management, and, what is infinitely worse, » he enor mous interest paid, have all assisted to bring it to the wall. It «ae well known for some time that the company w»f *' heavy in ; ' but it was imagined that in a few yean, with fair seasons, they would be nblu to tide over their difficulties. But it appears not ; for the mortgagees have taken possession, and Mr. M'Xcnae— formerly of Gcelong— has been appointed to the management. We suppose the property -will soon be sold.' I On Wednesday, the 22nd, Mr. £1 worthy held a sale of horses in liund&gai;, but the prices realised were evidence «f the low state of the market. The priecs obtained were £l 2s. fid, for a saddle mare, -SOu. for an unbroken mare, and 5s. each for vearlmir £llie*. News from Narandera to the 21st states the days are very mild and nights cold, with no appearance 'of a change, and rain is very much wanted ; for, though it would be too late for grass on the frontage, it would, if in sufficient quantity, place water on the back country, where feed is plentiful. The weather at Hay daring the past week has been remarkably fine, warm, and dry; and there does not teem to be much prsepect of rain. There is a slight rise in the river. ' : A correspondent, writing from AVUlanthry, Lal lan River, on the 18th, says : — ' Since I last wrote to you there has nothing of any importance occurred in this district, as all kinds of work is at a stand-still for want of rain. The principal thing that you see here now is large flocks of travelling sheep, for want of water in the back country, and eating all the feed off the river frontage.' From Coenabarabran a correspondent writes on the 23rd : — 'The weather is still keeping very dry, with out the slightest indications of rain. The whole- ta.ze of the country for miles Tound is in a most wretched state. A dark foreboding has seized the minds of the fanner and the squatter fcs to the coming winter. The ground is too hard for the plough, and sheep are already on the travelling scheme for grass and water.' A communication from the Bogan says : — ' The weather continues dry, and the back water is fast exhausting. Unless rain soon comes, stock of all kinds must fall away, as there is very little grass on the river. Those who have fat stock are talking of sending them to market. We have hot days and cold enough nights, which do not indicate rain ; therefore, the sooner the settlers start all fat stock the better fur themselves.' *' We ere eeriouUy thinking,' says the Boorke cor respondent of the Dubbo Dispatch, ' of erecting a boiling-down establishment, to get rid of all the mobs of horses which are daily arriving in Bourke. There is no doubt Bourke is at present the cheapest market for horeie in the colony. To bny horses at 2s. a-he»d is an ordinary occurrence. Martin's A«t thould have been put in toice against one purchaser, who bought a horse for something under 3s., and left Mm in the yard to feed on poets and rails till he burst and died of starvation.' Writing Irem the Waimner&wa; on the 17th, a uoc respendem of the Bubbo paper 6ays : — ' The country is in a very bad slate both for want of gTass and water , it it very hard to say when we had rain here, it U so long ago. Messrs. Wood and Wilds have no water in the river ; they have removed most of their cattle to Gradgery, and the rest they are watering out of wellt. B. O'Mullan't, cattle are at hie wells at Gingctt ; he has but very little gra*s. At M'Phail'E, gni68 ifc very scarce, but they have plenty of water, b. tire burnt a good deal of Mr. Gardiner's fence at the Borah, the greater part of Eeperance Station, and part of WammeraWE Station ; only the wind was bio -ing in the right direction up the river, all Mr. Pj:t's| run would have been burnt, as he has any amount of grass, but the water will only last about fix weeks, ] forgot to mention 1 was over at Walgett about ten days ago. From the Wammerawa to Walgett no grass, except a little about Wangerawollie ; no grass about Walgett or on Euroka, and I can tell you we want -ain worse than ever we did ; the country is in a -wretched Btate.' ' With regard to the (fleets of the drought upon the squatters, the Dubbo Dispatch mentions that the B-ate of the season is becoming very critical. *' The grass in parts of die north-west is perishing fast, snd the back-water is exhausting so quickly that matters have anything but a promUiog appearance. Our advices this week are not the most favourable. The Lower Macquarie, or Wammerawa, is in a bad state. On some runs there is a limited supply of grass and -water ; but on others the feed is entirely gone. Many settlere are watering thesr flocks and herds at wells ; and if rain does not shortly come, it is impossible to anticipate the results. Sheep are beginning to travel for feed ; and the coming winter promisee to be a^ery severe one. Through the kindness of a 'friend I who has just travelled from Dubbo to Wagga Wagga, we are enabled to give the following directions, which may be useful to overlanders : — ' Feed and water are very scarce on the road; and the best track for the drover to follow is via Forbes, thence to Strickland's and Billabong Creek, which should be followed to Macgregor's. Passing Mr. TJacey's public-house, the road leads to Cootamundry. Bethungra, UringuUy, meeting the Murrumbidgee 8t Wantabadgery, from which the course of tbe stream should be kept until reaching Wagga Waggtu1 ' '? A meeting of a lew swekowners and others [»ays the Aliury Banner) took place at Albury on the Ji2nd April, for the purpose of assisting the Sydney com mittee in providing a cargo of meat to be sent to England under Mr. Mori's freezing process. Mr. Thomas Mitchell, of Woomargama, having been, voted to tbe chair, introduced the subject to the meeting by reading a statement which was made by Mr. Matt at a public meeting in Sydney. Mr. Mitchell remarked that the «tockowners had every reason to desire the success of the attempt which was now being made by Mr. Mort, and he commended the matter to the liberal consideration of all concerned. The encumbrance of fat stock -was no new position for the squatter w rind himself in. A similar glut had given rise to the boiling down business years ago, and then came the opening provided by the breaking out of the diggings. The stock having again increased beyond the wants of a colonial market, the etockowners -were compelled to provide another outlet. Mr. G. Day said thai the matter concerned all classes of the community, either directly er indirectly, inasmuch us many interest* hinge upon the prosperity of the squatter \ and the trading classes would cer tainlv be only too glad to see them in a position to speed plenty of money. Mr. James M'Liunn thought ibe disjxjfct ought ; W support the object in view ; we had everything to gain by it, and it deserved the best support of ell dawec. Mr. O. Mott said that emigra tion and the natural increase at ? population '^rere all too insufficient for ; the purposes pf the squatter, ind^ that we must, of course, take the surplus meat to Eng land if it U to be used for food.' A* the freezing pro - oees seemed to be feasible, , it ought to be liken, advantage of in supplying come pan at least df the: immense market at home. The object of the meeting,' required the appointment of a committee to get in any ?tejBtanc* which the district may feel it 'their interest to give, e*d he would move that tie following efcutle men eon»tita» «uoh fc eaiwnlttp^ namely :- Sham. X. 1. Gftfoo, TJww* Mft$tU, Ipm »J*vm, -j!? %f fctch6vd*VBe%-'rfy. S.1 e.Mr\%o,th, Nor- , man lockbarvW. Stttt, Eliot Hetiot.'fnA AV. jjuon ; ' «ecooderl by Mr,Nartb, and carried. Proposed: by.. Mr. Kudge. and seconded by Mr. W. T; DeverelL— ' That Mr.Normsn Lockhart be authorised.to receive subscriptions.' ' The nomination being agreed to. Mr. Lockhart opened a list, and collected about £G0 in the room. .Messrs. North and Lockhart wereeleoted to ect«s secretaries to the committee. - ' : 