VICTORIA TURF. MELBOURNE SPRING MEETING. TiirsFDAY, November 5. (From the Argus.) Punctually to the appointed hour, the saddling bell sent j forth its summons for the first event of Uie day — the Maiden Plate— for which a field of ten mustered at the post, j The ungainly Token was installed first favourite, but Fly- 1 ing Dutchman and the dark candidates for turf honours, Palmerston and Sir Hercules, also had their admirers, the last-named pair gaining many friends from their fine appearance. Flying Dutchman, althoogh looked upon as the certain winner by the Geelong folkB, did not impress ub very favourably, being devoid of those fine racing qualities eo essential even in a maiden race where there are animals engaged of more than ordinary calibre. Koo-wee-rup, liko tho majority of Touchstone's progeny, appealed small and weedy ; but Sheet Anchor, albeit he was on the small side, stripped in magnificent form, as also did Chieftain ana Boatman, white the chesnut horse nominated by Morrison, appeared more fitted for a show than a raoecourse. Tho race needs but little description, as Palmerston had it in band soon after & mile had been traversed, and coming into the straight with a clear lead, he maintained bis position to the end, eventu ally winning rathtr easily by a couple of lengths, Sir B ei cuies. reported as half-brother to toe Barb, gaining tho unenviable position of seoond, and the big Tokei^ stalling off Flying Dutchman by a nrck folr third place; Pati.^00* who fell opposite the scraping-sheds, coming in some tu'11® nft*r tbe others bad weighed in. For the Railway * Stakes, Mr. H. Fisher's 6ydney purchase, Blondin, was supported very freely at a slight shade of odds, Sir Solo mon and The Swell being the only others at all regarded with favour. The result was never in doubt, for the black eon of Lord of the Hills jumped awav with the lend, was never afteiwardR caught, and won hard held by three quarters of a length; the ridiculous eaae with which he von causing an immediate rush upon Littto Fish for the Cup, which was the next race set down for decision. Immediately after the dihpoaalof the Railway Stakes, the plot began to thicken, ana the excrk-m^nt, which had not previoufly been of an extraordinary character, became in u-&6i' ; public feeling waxing up to fever b^it ha the different crack* commenccd to parade ! tbe paddock. Tbe betting men were as thick nt locust*, ond it soon becume apparent that their lungs bad in no way suffered t-incc their last ^ppearunce. in public, f- r they made the welkin ring with tbe:r mellifluous voices, and ever} description of patois in the English language mipht have been heard in tbp enclosure as the metallicians sulkiti d the support of the public. The easy victories of Falnterston ana Blondin in their respective races had the ( fleet of materially reducing the odds against Lady Manners Sutt«n and Little Fish, the former having had a satisfac tory trial with Palmerston, and the son of Fisherman being i hpoktn as ' Mones superior to Blondin.' The idol of the j public, Sydney Tim, however, firmly maintained his position at'the head of the poll, and 3 to 1 was the highest | price offered against him* fie, Mr. Fisher's pair, Glencoe, I Lady Manners Sutton, and one or two others, were the only horses backed with anything like spirit, and wc never | remember a Cup race over which speculation was so limited, a fact probably to be attributed to the tightness of j the money market* One of the first of the Cup 1 representatives to catch our eye was the rat tailcd scrubber Snip, whose chance was rogarded as a most remote one; and Milesian, another of the tip-country division, industriously circulated as a 'pood thing,1' did not at all favourably impress us. Ouita o HiAhmnf /v»mb lmwror vroro Mr. Tm'f'a ronrp fctnlatives, Glencoe and Bylong. 'With his coat shining with the bloom of health, legs clean aud wity as whipcord, and the muscles standing out on his arms and thighs in gpnd development, there was no mistaking which wns Mr. Tait's best as he stalked majestically round the p&ddoek; ; and as his custodian removed his clothes, and the black smith knocked off his plates to prepare him for the fray, he was surrounded by a large and admiring crowd of friends, who were leud in their laudations as to his splendid condition ; and although Bylong was comparatively neglected, there were not a few who hopod against hope, fondly anticipating a victory for the 'lamc'un,' as he was termed by the betting men. Alongside Mr. Tait's pair, Mr. Cleeland's ponies Shenandoah and Barwon did not shine conspicuously ; but David did not nerve himself for the combat with Goliath with greater confidence than did tbe host of the Albion prepare his steeds for the coming struggle. Both were as fit as it was possible to make them, the golden skin of Barwon shining in the sun like a mirror. Ladv Manners Sutton did not strike us as being much improved or thickened since we last saw her in public, for she appeared to have grown rather shelly, and looked somewhat slack behind the saddle. Strop was fit enough to run for a man's existence— albeit many of the knowing ones took exception to the amount of daylight under him. Many anxious inquiries were made for the Cup hero of 1867, but Mr. De Mcstre wisely kept him in his box until everything else had left the paddock, when he brought the crack out, the few persons in the vicinity making un immediate rush to get a glimpse of the Sydney Ac ... « M, fla hoe supervision of a horse, Tim was in great fettle, and ap peared to have been timed to en hour, the muscles starting out all over his body. His stable companion, Stumpy, was a horse of quite a different character, and one of that class which might win a Cup with something under 7 St. upon his back, but never with anything above it. Ragpicker locked well, but we thought her rather light ; and Little Fish reminded us much of his sire outwardly, ' but no more like his father,' as a racehorse, than chalk is like cheese. Mr. Keighran's two, Seagull and Sylvia, were in good form ; the former, nowever, exhibited slight lameness as she paraded the paddock, and another ' breakdown ' was prognosticated by those who witnessed | the tendency to limp in her gait. Lantern, the 'moral certainty' of £t. Kilda, we regarded as an impostor dircctly we cast our eyes over him, for he is an ewe-necked, three- cornered brute, with not the slightest appearance of ' a wonder ' about Lim. The Fly, about whom we had heard so much, we did not see ; but with regard to Cup bearer, Kewchum, Cedric, and Mile~ian they were clearly out of their element. Kimblefoot appeared to be a much ; better horse than upon the last occasion when wc saw him j perfurm ; but, like many other fancied ones, he cut np a rank duffer in the race. After parading in front of the stand, the competitors (twenty-four in number) marched to the pest, from whence, after a slight delay caused by the fractioueness of Lantern and Shenandoah, they were dispatched to a pretty even start, of which Tim Whiffler had all the worst. Boovoolee refusing to go with his horses was left behind. The first to show in advance were Barwon and Shenandoah, both of whom made strong running past the stand, followed by Little Fish, Mr. Tait's two, and Ragpicker, Tim Whiffler following in the ruck. Rounding the torn, Mr. Cleeland's two maintained the pride of place, and etill further in creased their lead as they went along the back of the course, Maiy Ann lying third, and Little Fish, Ragpicker, and several others already hanging out signals of distress. Nee ring the abattoirs, Barwon began to fall back, but the grey mare stilt carried on the running, and so strong was she going that many imagined ehe would never be headed, 'Will they ever catch her resounding from all sides. Soon, however, the yellow garb of John Tait was seen forging to the front, and just as the scraping sheds were reached, Glencoe, going as strong as a lion, made a fine effort, and deprived Shen andoah of the lead, Strop also coming- with a grand rush as they swept away into (he straight, from which point the race was never in doubt, the chesnut apparently having it in hand all the way home, and his success was loudly proclaimed as the rails opposite the carriage paddock were reached. But Strop came again, end for a moment looked dangerous; it was but for a moment, however, for Stanley shook his horse, and he won cleverly by a length, amidst tremendous excitement ; Shenandoah finishing a good third, Tim Whiffler fourth, and Smoleneko fifth ; the ruck being many lengths behind. The victory of Glencoe was undoubtedly a great one, for it must be borne in mind that he was carrying 3 lb. over his weight for age, and such a performance stamps him as quite the equal of Fireworks. Whether Shenandoah might have won had she not so much taken out of her by her frac tioutness, and also by making tho running for such a time, is a matter we shall not discuss ; but we are strongly of opinion that had she been favoured with luck, the Cup would not have gone to Sydney a^ain. The Tasmanian Strop ran a good horse, ana his position in the race speaks volumes for his condition. Tim Whiffier's performance was, indeed, a grand one. Getting away badly, and also suffering from tbe disadvantage of being disappointed when endeavouring to get to the front, still he defeated every Victorian horse in the race with tho exception of one. The manner in which he came through J his horses towards the finish must prove a silencer to those j who prophesied his ignominious downfall ; and if ever there j was a case of defeated but not disgraced, it was upon the j occasion of Tim Whifiier running a good fourth in the Melbourne Cup of 1868. The position of tbe Fisherman | family in the race proves most conclusively that tho progeny of the old Heron horse have been sadly overrated, as none of them looked danger u ub tutu luc ujrtL uwb. loeaguji. urtautmg uown badly* and the others not even finishing near the first four. Tbe Hurdle Race, like tbe two preceding it, also fell to a Sydney horse, Faugh-a-Ballagh, mainly owing to the fact of Potatoes and Kaled running off the course; and the Sydney-bred Blondin likewise demonstrated most deci sively that Victoria is infested with a lot of animals unworthy the name of racehorses, for the first two in the Railway Stakes were bred in New South Wales, and the Victorians had no chance with them. Kew South Wales horses won the Cup and Hurdle Race; and, to finish us up, two New South Wales bred anim&lB;, Blondin and Sir Solo mon, ran clean away from their Victorian opponents in the Darling Stakes. Appended is the result of the day's racing : — Maiden Plate, of 6 sovereigns each, with 150 sovereigns added. W eight for age. One mile and a half. Mr* W. J. CUrkt's bl h PalmcrstOB, 4 years, by Premier (Jones) ... ... ... ... ? i J. Bradley ns bl h Sir Hercules, 4 years (Chifaey) .M 2 G. Lewis hi h Token, 4 years (Lang) ... '... 3 R. Whitehead's b c Boatman, 8 years, carried 3)v- tb over (Goodie) J . Raines's b c Flying Dutchman, S years (ftfathiesoa) H. M'lntosh's br m Patience, 4 years (Ross) J. Kerr's ch h Sheet Anchor, 4 years (Morrisor ) L. O Patterson's b g Koo-wee-rup, 8 years (6. Dayis) S. W&ldock;'s cb b Chieftain, 4 yeaTs (&. W&idock;) J. Morrison ns ch h — , 4 years (A* Davis) J. WflLnn flfl ? Vmi*.* T0«u 9 ra.M lA* \' L. L. Smith's b g No Surrender, 8 years (dr*^ G. Cennicbael's ro h Caledonia, 6 yean (-dr.) Betting- G to 4 against Token, 5 to 2 against Flying Dutchman, 4 to 1 against Sheet Anchor, o to 1 against Chieftain and Boatman, 6 to 1 against Koo-wee-rup Palmerston. Tlie unnamed chesnut jumped off in advance, but the running was soon token up by Token and Flying Dutch men, Koo-wee«rup, who tnrew his rider directly the flag fell, bringing up the rear. They ran thus at a middling pace till opposite the old stand, and until way round the turn, when Palmerston and Sir Hercules turned on the Bteam, end soon paB&ed; Token and the Dutchman, Patience coming down & burster. In the straight Palmerston essayed the lead, and carried it on to the end, winning rather easily by a couple of lengths, Sir Hercules second, Token defeating Flying Dutchman for third place by a heed. Time, 2 minutes 51 seconds. Railway Stakes, of 6 sovereignseaeh, with 100 sovereigns add, d. For 3 year olds, 1 st 31b ; 4 years, Set; 5 years, 9 6t 7 lb ; G years and aged, 9 st 9 lb. Winner of any race of the value of 100 sovereigns to carry 7 lb. extra ; cf two or more such saces, 14 lb* extra. One mile and a quarter* Mr. H* Fisher's bl h Blondin. 6 years, by Lord of the Hills (Monfcon) ? ... ... ? ? ± 3\. Kerfs b g Sir Bolomon, aged (Jones),,. ... ... 2 L* L- Smith's b c Melancholy Jaques. 9 years, 7 lb extra , (Addcrley) ? ? J. Halmefc's b h Bachelor, G years (Coke) Jellctt's ch g Sports than, C years (Mitchell) X). Marson's b g Sir Arthur, 4 years (Harrison) J, Cleeland's br f Flying 8cud, 8 years (Carroll) G. Lewis's b c Euphrates, 8 yews (J. Jones) B. Waldock's bl h Tbe Bwell, 4 yeare (S. Waldock) H. Fibber's br f Ragpicker, 8 years (dr.) F. Torn' 8 b i Thetu, 8 years (dr.) 'W. Craig's gr g Statesmen, 8 years (dr.) I Petting — 6 to 4 against Blondin, 2 to 1 against the Swell. 4 to 1 aguinst anything else. | _ F'^ing Scud was the first away, but soon gave place to Bloi din, who never allowed his opponents the ghost of a chance from start to finish, winning bard held, by three qtu».T*FT8 a Sir Solomon second, Melancholy Jaqut^ 4'r-3» &ad; Flying Scud fourth. Time* 2 minutes 21 swoi d8' MELBOURNE CUP. A eweepsu^?6 °* ^ sovereigns each, with 300 sovereigns added. The w.inm* of ®nT handicap of the value of 100 sovereigns after declaration of the weights, 3 lb. extra ; of Iwo or fiUC*1 races, 6 !b. extra; second horse 60 sovereigns ; third L 0TBf €are hia stake. Two miles* Wr. J. Tail's cb b Glencoe. 4 J'*8'5, by Lord of the Rills,9st I lb ir.cludircr 3 lbs ej/lr* ? ? ... 1 W. Firld's bp Btron.ogf-d, ,H WlbsfWaMi) ? 2 J. Ch-r lard's gr xn i?b^nandoaw,*.Bl^('^^ ' s' 5 lbs (Putlar) ... 8 K. De Me.-tre's b h Tim \Vbifli,,r» 6 yfa«, 10«t 4 lb*, (J. Ktanl ... ... ... ??? ... .„ 4 F.J. K'igbr n*B br m Spapu'l, 5yeH.T'a,®e^ (Waterman) ? ? ? — — b g StuQjpy. hped, 8 & 1 (Donnelly) V Creit/'f b r NimMtfool, 6 years, 7 ft j.* lbg (J« Carter) Let's ch m Gulnare, C years, 7 st 10 lbsf including 3 lbs extra -G. Thompson) ? ? ebb horf-e bylong, 5 years, 7 st 7 lbs (B-HOett) L. L. Smith's b m Lady Manners Suitou, 5 years, 7 st G lbs' (Adricrlry) B . Fisher's br h Little Fish, 4 years. 7 st 6 lbs, carried 7 st «££ tbe (A DaTif) J.Ckolend'p bh Barwon, aged, 7 st 5 lb* (Sullivan) V .. 3 Keighran's b t Sylvia, 4 years, 7 t«t 5 Ltja, carried 7 at 7 lbs :Atkin) J. Hairoet'e b p Tasman, aged, 7 ft 2 lbs (Matbieson) B. \V Ji Hell's br g finip, aged, 7 st (Taylor) T. Hvati's b g Cupbearer, aged, 6 st 13 lbs, carried 8 st 3 lbs (Toihil) J. Whitehead's b m Mary Ann, aged, € st 11 lbs, carried 7 st 4 lbs (Goodie) J. HaimrVs b b Smelensko, aged, 6 st 10 lbs, carried G st 13 lbF (D. Mitchell) J. Lamb's bh Booyoolce, G years, 6 st 10 lbs. carried 7 st (Boe) 6 Waldock's br m Tbe Fly, 4 years, 6 r-t 9 lbs (Anderson) A. Clingin's b g New Chum, aged, G st 7 lb6 (T. Brown) G Carniiehael's b g Milesian, aged. 6 st 7 lbs (Tremble) II. Fb- btiJ& br f Ragpicker, 3 years, 6 st 4 lbs (S. Davis) J Lamb's cb g Cedric, aged, G st 3 lbs, carried G st C lbs (BendersonJ J.J.Miller's og Lantern, G years, 6 at, carried 6 st 11 lbs (Levrie) Meckan's b g Monkey, aged, 5 at 7 lbs. (dr.) J. Tiiit'6 bl k The Barb, 5 years, 10 si 7 lbs, including 3 lbs extra (dr.) J. Field's br h Boiardo, 4_years, 7 st 6 lbs -dr.) W. Craig's b h Tim Wnimer, 6 years, 8 st 2 lbs fdr ) W. J Clarke's bl h Pdlmereton, 4 years, 8 st 2 lbs (dr.) T. Byan's b m Regalia, 4 years, 7 at 3 lbs (dr.) H W. Jellett'e b b B. A., 4 rears, 6 et 12 lbs (dr.) 6\. Wsldock'a bl h The Swell, 4 years, 6 st 10 lbs (dr.) Betting — 3 to 1 against Tim Whiffler, 4 to 1 against Little Fish, 6 to 1 against Ragpicker, 7 to 1 against Glencoe, and from 10 to 30 to 1 againBt anything else. After a slight delay, caused by tho antics of Shenandoah, the flag dropped to a good start, Barwon and Shenandoah at once rusning to the front, Little Fish and Ragpicker eide by side in their track for the first half mile, Irir. Tait's pair also showing a hold front as they passed the fftand, many who were unable to live the pace already dropping astern. No alteration of moment took place as they went along the back stretch of the course, with the exception of Mary Ann superseding Little Fish, who, with his stable companion, seemed to dis like the work. As they approached the old stand Shenan doah increased her lead, and Glencoe took the place of Mary Ann, many mistaking Mr. Tait's horse for Gulnare. Paean g the abattoirs, the result was evidently between Shenandoah, Glencoe, Strop, Smolcnsko, and Tim Whiffler, the last named rapidly making his way to the front as they approached the scraping sheds, from which point Glencoe assumed the lead, Strop soon after pacing Shenandoah, and endeavouring to catch Glencoe, but without avail, as Stanley kept his horse going, and won cleverly by a short length; Shenandoah third, Tim Whifiier fourth, and Smolensko fifth — none of the others having the slightest chance. Time, 3 minutes 42 seconds. Hurdle Race, of 5 sovereigns each, with 100 sovereigns added. About three miles* Mr, R. Norfolk's br g Faugh-a-Ballagb, aged, 9 st il lbs (Downes) ... ... ... ... ..r ... 1 J. N. Perkins' b g Potatoes, aged, 9 st 13 lbs (Perkins) ... 2 8\. Davis's ctm Lady Clare, aged, 11 st (Mitchell) J. WLitebeud'sch g Bronzework, aged, 10 st (Aspinalll J. J. Miller'6 - r h Blue Jacket, 5 yrs, 10 st 4 lbs (Stone) J. Bio*t.'& gr g Torksbireman, aged, 10 st 21ta(Dal ryniple) Pt-nder ns.bg Playboy, aged, 10 st, (Callmaa) C. Clarke's b m Kaled, aged, 9 at 11 lbs (Thomas) H. Fiebrr's b g Standard Bearer, 6 years, 9 st 11 lbs (Chifney) J. A-mstrong*s b g Falstaff (lstc Once-aTVeek), aged, 9 st 4 lbs (M Ecnzie) T. J. Bran's b b Sir Dominick, 4 yrs, 8 st 11 lbs (Tothill) G. Harbroe's br g Valentine, aged, 10 at 6 lbs (West) R Whitehead's ch g Charley, aged, 10 st ... ... dr Betting — 5 to 2 against Potatoes, 7 to 2 against Lady Clare, 5 to 1 against Yorkshireman, 6 to 1 against Jack Hall, Standard Bearer, and Blue Jacket, 10 to 1 against Faugh-a-Ballagh. Potatoes and Kaled cut out the running, until approach ing the straight the first time round, when both ran off the course. Potatoes coming back almost immediately. Play boy led vast the stand, followed by Vorkey, Blue Jacket, ana Lady Clare, but searing the Abattoirs, Potatoes, who made up his ground in fine style, closed on the leaders, the Sydney horse making his effort at the same time, and they bad the finish to themselves, Faugh-a-BaUsgh winning after a fine struggle upon the part of Potatoes, by a little more than a length ; Standard Bearer third, bnt not receiv ing a place from the judge. Darling Stakes. — A sweepstakes of 6 sovereigns each, with 100 sovereigns added. For 3 years old, 7 st. ; 4 years, 9 et. ; 5 years, 9 st. 8 lb. ; 6 years and aged, 9 st. 10 lb* One mile and a -half. The winner to be sold for £200. Mr. H. FUlie^e bl h Blondin, 6 years, by Lord of the Hills (Mcrrison) ... ... ... ... 1 J. Kerr's b g bir Solomon, aged (Jones).,, ... ... 2 S. Waldock's ch g Beadsman, 5 years (S. Waldock) 8 £ Jellett'e cb g Sportsman, 6 yeare (Mitchell) J. N. Perkins ns b g Commodore, 6 years (Perkins) L- L Smith's br c Monsieur Le Beau, 3 years, drawn. Betting, 6 to 4 and 2 to 1 on Blondin. The favourite led from the start, closely followed by Sir Solomon ; the others seemingly outpaced all the way. About half-a-mile from home Sir Solomon tried for the lead ; but Morrison never gave him a chance, and Blondin won easily by three-quarters of a length. Time, 2 minutes 49 seconds. The Melboubne Cur. — The special reporter of the Melbourne Age protests in the following terms against racing prognostics ' ' Allow me to express my conviction that the race for the Cup just passed away from our hands has been a delusion and a snare. As one of that vast number who know little or nothing about racing, but who take a sufficiency of interest in equine contests to take them tllA /-nnrfiA nn/-o in hrdrA rannthB T AT) protest against the way in which I have been deceived* For a period of I am frightened to think how many months, I have sat at the feet of the prophets and sought instruction. A sluggard myself, I have taken advantage of the early rising propensities of others, and I have read all about those delightful twilight cantors till I have come almost to consider myself as a horsey man. Have I not been tola over and over again that Little Fish and Ragpicker had taken to their work kindly ; that Tim Whiffler was all the time ' as fit as paint ; ' that The Fly had done any amount of wonderful trial, which rendered her success next to a certainty ; that there Were one or two outside ones (such as Lantern and Cedric) of whom somebody knew something, which, if somebody liked to tell, would raise the market value of the horse alarmingly ! All this, and more, haebeen written by scribes innumerable, and no doubt in their way learned, but not one of them has ever had a word to say about the horse which caught the judge's eye first, snd canied away the great racing prize of the year. They have been silent about the virtues ef the horse which has- proved himself the best of the twenty-five who started for the race, and there is weeping and wailing and much disappointment amongs those who have pinned their faith on the cor redness of their observations. * * * Once more Victoria, and the so much vaunted Fisherman stock, have had. to succumb to those terrible colours whiclt call John Tait owner. Out of all the people who thronged the course yesterday were there more than a chosen scora or so who knew that though the majority of the quidnuncs of the turf had put a black mark for this race at least against the Tait stable, he had an animal on which he could depend to land the prize for him. He did land it, and I think he deserves it. Ho has shown immense tact in the way he has brought his horse out, and he has also shown that a good horse is never out of a handicap race, no matter what weight may be put on his back. That Glencoe was hardly mentioned in the general betting is all the more to Mr. Tait's credit, and this fact shows, if nothing else does, the utter valuelessness of those morning visits to Flemington, of which we have heard so much lately. A reference to the Victorian Ruff makes it, now that Glencoe has really won, and all the pot of money has gone oris going to Sydney, all the more remarkable that he should have been so completely overlooked.' The Welboi'exe Hvnt Clvh in the.Coubt. — JL case of some interest to those addicted to the sport of hunting (says the Argue ) wasoommenced in the juries of four court, on 3rd instant. The defendant i& Mr. Samuel Waldock, master of the Melbourne hounds, who is sued by a farmer named Dunn, having property near Broadmeadowg. for injuries done to his growing crops and. sheep, in the course of one or twe of the Saturday afternoon hunts, which took place in July and August last. The plaintiff alleges that the horses trampled down his growing crop g,. while the hounds were the cause of considerable lesBses. amongst his sheep, the total damage being estimated at ' £125. Though some seventy or eighty persons took part in tbe hunt, the master of tlie hounds is uie only one pro ceeded against, and it is argued that, aoeording to a derision, of the Courts in England, he is responsible for tJl tba damage that may have been done during the hunt. A. verdict for the plaintiff was returned— damages £5. The Femghee or the las.t Raxdwick JOekky WisNER.— Mr. James Wood, of Chris tchurch, Cantor burv, New Zealand, writes to th* Auttrolasittn .?—'With reference te the pedigree of the winning colt Duke, I think your correspondent is in error. Ho states that he is by Kingston out of Blue Bonnet, by Little John. In this I believe he is wrong, as that mare was bred by the late Mr. Charles Smith, end sold as a yearling to the lata. Mr. Charles Roberts, of Walgrave. and was by Old St. John, imported by myself in the year 1836, long since dead and forgotten by all save very old oolonists. Ho was the tire of Beeswing, Ajax, Keg Hie, Plover, &o;,t the boat horses of their day, and was by St. Nioholpj, dam by Thunderbolt, by Eclipse, and, I think, upon refetenco to tho ' Stud Book,' you wittiind that tho DaV.-e is only five removes from that celebrated sire, and possibly the noarest ccnncction in tho world. Blue Bonnet must bo about twenty-eight years ol(l, and 6tv. John's dam was twcnty-nino when I purchased her colt from John Buscam, of York, in 1836. ghe was bred sixty years Jback by that celebrated breeder Kirby, of York, who gave £350 tor Bt. John's own brother for the Emperor of Russia the year previous, in 1835. I tell you this, that the honour may go where it is due. The horse waa next to murdered by those I sold him to, but he was one of tbe J best that ever stood on iron in the southern hemisphere ; lie was as handsome as n picture, upstanding nearly sixteen Emilia high, Btout in proportion. I hare seen him cany 17 stone, ana trot like a pony, and he bad the temper of a lamb. So please let the old hor,=e have the honour of being thegrsndsire of this Derby winner. St. Nicholas was by Enuiius out of Seamen' (sifter to Sailor, a winner of the Derby) ; ho, X think, ran either second or third for the Doncaster St. Leger— 1 cinnot say in what year, — and was half-brether to Priatu nnd Plenipo. 1 think this strain was as good as the colony ever saw. St. John cot racers cut of almost everything'that was put to him. Lucky are lhose who have any Mr.iin of his blood, and I sincerely hope the owner of the l)uke will care for him accordingly. 