EflTEftfAlftM£NTS. ! THE THEATRES, *O. "OiraoMlnn To apeak my MLUD."-SHAKSPKARK. If you had seen Miss Marion Dunn last Saturday night as Paris, and last Monday night as Ophelia, and had not been made aware it was the same young lady who enacted both parts, you would hardly have suspected the truth of it. Not that her Paris is not quite as good as her Ophelia, regarded always, of course, with reference to its degree in the dramatic scale; but inasmuch as Ophelia demands for its adequate representation the very highest qualities of the highest kind of acting, it is obvious that such a part as the burlesque Paris, might be sustained without fault by an actress who should utterly fail in Ophelia. But, in the present instance, we find a young lady whose efforts have hitherto been almost exclusively confined to a range including only the lighter creations of the drama, succeeding wonderfully in a part cal culated to test to their full extent, the ability to represent the notably prominent creations of the poetic faculty. I have seen no Ophelia so fully qualified to impress an audience very strongly, since Ellen Mortyn played it on this same stage. There may be some unable to enjoy the remarkably spiritual acting of this undoubtedly talented and versatile lady. But it is none the less true, for all that, that Miss Marion Dunn has suddenly and unexpectedly shown that, besides a general aptitude for depicting what is simply pleasing and amusing, she possesses the power to represent with a rare delicacy the characters that, by common consent, are understood to convey to the understanding the moral attributes which, in their abstract perfection, are regarded as essentially femi nine. Even without considering that this was the first time Miss Dunn had ever played Ophelia, it was singularly excellent; but taking into oonBideration this qualifying cir cumstance, she might have fallen short of so complete a representation, and yet have de served very much praise. Of course the mad scenes fire the special Jest of an actress's power in this part, and it was evident when this point of the test was reached, that the crowded audience-for it was very crowded on Monday night-watched Miss Donn with the most marked interest. If she had failed -and actresses otherwise capable have in the part-she would have met with no condemnation; for her;great merit in bur lesque and other light divisions of the drama have well entitled her to the most favourable recognition. She would only have furnished another example, among many, of excellence restricted to a particular direction-just as, you remember, was the case in the instance of Miss Joey Gougenheim, who, nearly seven years ago, essayed Ophelia at this theatre on the occasion of Mr. Barty Sullivan's first appearance. Ab a burlesque actress ,Mis? 3oey Gongsnheim was I think, unsurpassable ; and in broad comedy she had no rival in these colonies! But she was ambitious, and essayed higher flights She desired-and who could blame her ?-4» soar into poetic altitudes. The endeavour was bravely made, and her admirere-^in cluding everybody-wished she might succeed. Bnt she did not; she only disappointed tbntd by respectably correctness. Her Ophelia yma prosaic and proper, but the propriety seemed' forced, and you continually expected thai the restraint she put upon herself would give way, and that she would burst into one of those dashing, rattling demonstrations that half a score of years ago used to throw the boys at the Princess's into paroxysms of de light But yon felt none of this kind of appre hension in seeing Miss Dunn's Ophelia. You foigotyou bad ever seen her before; yon had no need to ^remember it, for it was not Mies Marion Dunn but " the most beautified Ophelia" whom you saw. I never sawan actress who more completely suborcliimtyd her powers to the expression of charac teristic manifestations. Her nihg<ng the mad scenes is to he taken as a noteworthy example of this ability to bring her attributes in harmony with the character. ^ Miss! Dunn's voice-I mean her singing voipe-thpqgh flexible and expressive, jscomewhat thin in quality, and, in $ome of the notes, a little hard. But she toned it down frith such consummate taste, and with such a manifest regard for the meaning of Uie situation, that you could not help but gather the impression of ita being mar vellously soft and rich all through. ShS cou- - veyed very accurately to the ifitod of the spectator what may veiy properly be under stood by the gentleness <>f ghe> diowjid, .moreover, of ^l^ .reftUy mobile features are capably. Hejfape ^<»s not a Tnty=V, toit a mixpj Jn which meaning^Etiie great author *was '? Her fir& exft in the mad scene was very <UE ferenjfc from the spasmodic ilmade # good toatiy afctreiseN sefem to cdnbider neties tbey repeat the1 Sntefjefcteflv^.i , My coach,'' which,- by the -way^is ' times repeated.I ahooM ^ ijUfen v*g| !$& ? ; mechanical crndllyiniristS bpoa. o'fnn the meantime,- She ia4o bfrtwngratqitoed sSSSSSiSSs1 Z°tm 4r «s ita' imt feeto aifld that MHamletfVjjM baenper forni^ at the Theatee Boyal, andT<Hi ^e farther informed, " if you did not already know-which- is - more than* likely- that the occasion of its being perforated: was the re appearance of Mr. Montgomery, who, after delighting everybody in Sydney for the last two or three months, has come back to Mel* bourne to delight us here. Of his Hamlet I have but to paraphrase King Duncan's remarks to Macbeth, that "only I have left to say, more is its due than more than all can pay." Mr. Mont gomery's Hamlet is a performance to see many times, but never to get tired of seeing. It is a help to learn Shakspeare by; it is a piece of acting which, once seen, can not be forgotten, and which ought to be seen by every man possessing the faintest Shaks pcarian enthusiasm. It is a theme to write many essays upon ; a text from which sensible priests may preach edifying sermons: If you have not seen it you have suffered a loss, and if you neglect to see it, having the oppor tunity of seeing it," you do yourself an injus tice, and Shakspeare a wrong; for it comes nearer to the ideal Hamlet than any stage Hamlet you have ever seen. Go and see Montgomery's Hamlet, and then thank God you have lived long enough to enjoy the opportunity. "Be thankful, also, if you have the soul to be thankful for any thing, that tbe colonial stage has had the benefit of his connexion with it, and never believe in the decadencc of the dramaso long as tbe drama is interpreted by poet-actors like him. The cast of " Hamlet" is otherwise a good deal altered from that which obtained when it was last presented at the Theatre lloyal. Mr. Lambert's retirementnecessitates another Polonius, and Mr. Harwood i6 that other. You may be quite sure that Mr. Harwood could not do anything ill; but his Polonius is, nevertheless, not to be reckoned among his great successes. It is of the kind with which you cannot Veil find fault, but it is also of the kind that you would hesitate before you praised. You would object to it on negative grounds, for pure lack of finding positive reasons for adverse comment. It is smooth, even, correct, and eminently re- . spectable. It does not annoy nor irritate | you, and, perhaps, strictly considered, j it does not disappoint you. But it does not -impress you. It is like a well-dressed, ordinarily-featured man, it does not claim your particular attention; or, to reverse the figure, there is no particular flavour about it It is not underdone, nor overdone, nor too highly-Beasoned, nor is it actually insipid nor tasteless. But it is not of the sort to smack your lips at; it does not tickle the palate into a gustatory flush; you are Content, but pnly neutrally so. Never theless, I think it quite possible that Mr. Harwood may develop it into a performance of much more notable proportions, and I prefer to believe that he will do so. Mr. Monro played Laertes, and played it ex- ceedingly well. Mr. Monro is a most deserv- ing actor, and tries very hard to .succeed. He is sure to succeed, because he does not appear the half-way house of success. His Laertes is worthy of very much more than mitigated praise, and it is no withdrawal of com mendation to say that it is capable of being improved into a still higher degree of merit. Mr. .Wartfe's Ghost suggested only a regret that the exigencies of the oompany should have rendered him inevitable for it, and thus, also of the Osric of Mr. Chandler. 1 The jchariges in tbe allotment of tbe subordi nate i characters were not of a kind to evoke fcompaiiBOns. It will probably always be impossible to cast ''Hamlet so that it will be complete in all its proportions, and so a certain amount of weakness in the smaller parts is to be expected. From this general implication of incapacity, however, Mr. Noble is to jbe excepted. His First Actor apd his Priesit were very creditably sustained. Of ' the characters in the apportionment of which there had been no change, there is nothing tp be said. Of the scenery, nothing either, b^yo^d the remark that it is a pity a more appropriate flat cannot be painted fot the King's prayer soliloquy, And this reminds .me to inquire why Mr. Montgomery does not complete that scene by coming in and Speak ing the speech beginning, " Now might I do it pat, now he is praying." The scene, is. incomplete without this speech. On Tuesday," Much 4do About Nothing " was the play. Of Mr. Montgomery's Benedick it is unnecessary to eay again what X have already said. Like his Hamlet^ it is the beat 'version of tbe character we have ever had on the' Melbourne stage. The changes in tlife cast consisted of Mr. Harwood as DogberiVi Mr. Monro as Claudib, Mr. Warde as Leonato, ; Mr. Dunn as Antonio, and Miss Dunn as Qero. Of Mr. Harwood's Dogberry, Imajr 6fly pretty much the same jis I have skid of 14s I Polpniuti. , JMapro's. Claudio ia wt so. gooji: in proportion as hia Laertes,-; M^. G 'Warae's Leonato'is of tbp pis-alter sort; a^d, 'Mr. Dunn's Antonio is quij$ the Reverse of 'ineffective." Miss Dunn's Hero is quite as 'meritorioni aii ihefc Ophelia; knd fs onlylpsf litaprossfve because the^hat&cter; itself is tme' which does not permit of a very strong ioK jpjjpfsion being taade in it Of the fcubofc. tfUnatj} parts, Mr. Noble's JTjiar is.io be wjth omunendibtion i . «txd ft4OTMMftF.tJ.lj k m*. Dpi ;w, A.piwf <>f J^at ' nMop/ly cnib Dalj, CbnstUud n&meM; tfafe irlMguto, ttoStSM' (title (jott-ttotln 'thfe least^ddfe fWrto'i *ypl flji artcm of 4ts plot ofc'pttrpose. - R bi juiatyepf inoohfljjeqtsitaatioatana ill-defloed Wended; Fith Haute thrilling -thrilling of which is, aii episode, appareixBy.r jborrow»yl,. i ffbftjj ? W: nineteen mmMKikwi. ^ the 4w Yoiiffly' nwjbtAa mm feel* festenW Iw^y and ii biOy m 4wd from decapitation by thp awoman. say, this siliu^bnwottes great noise froin the gallery, and so'would the manager if he stood behind the foot ligh^a andblew out.14a trains with a bhnder buss. J nave no objection to. sen^tion, plays aasucb, if they be but well constructed and fairly written. Byfc this is loose ae to its constthctionand feeble as to dialogte. I defy even very Attentive people to ditcover -what it is all about. The most I could com prehend was that a young lady who was about to be married to a young gentle man, had, at an early period oi her existence, been a pickpocket, and that when the young gentleman came to know of it he wavered in Mb affection, and made love to her foster- sister, whereupon the ex-pickpocket withdrew into very private life, and'main tained herself in independence, but not in, affluence, by colouring photographs. That, being discovered by the disreputable'friends of her early days, she was taken befon the magistrates, for no particular reason, and subsequently taken to the end of a wharf, where, being Hung into the Water, she was rescued in a boat and taken to a suburban retreat, where, after some further complica tions, she was reconciled to the young gentle man after having been discovered to be the genuine daughter of her supposed parents. There is a host of characters besides the young lady and gentleman, some of them solemn and serious, others of the funny description. Mr. Gill to, of course, the principal funny man, and he amuses you, as a matter of course: but you cannot help thinking how much more genuinely he amused you in that delightful corned; of "Caste," which, in point of merit, stands exactly at the antipodes of " Under the Gas light. Let us hope we have seen the Inst Mr. Augustus Daly. JAQUES. 