'lo the Editor of the Freeman's Journal ) Mr. Editor, — Having only j\ist returned from ? long expedition into the ' mounterior' as o«r ?per calls it, 1 find the whole country in n. woeful hubbub, Md-riramashv^about some b$dy '? oi men called ? ' Fenians. ' As you may itnngine, I had not seen any newspapers for a long time, (for eight months at the least), the sight of some old copies of the Herald and the Freeman's Journal fairly made me leap for joy. So in the. endeavour to enlighten myself into the state of affairs, I began first with the Herald. Now, as I know Dr. West of old, I did not put much faith in hiB leaders, for I am well aware that he has woefully mistaken his calling when he cits in the Editorial Chair, in which, he is like a frying pan without a handle — neither use, nor ornament, neither a credit to himself, nor a satisfactory. expounder of the truth to his readers at large. By the way, however, he is not the only doctor who has mistaken his profession, there is Dr. Lang, for instance, who was cut out for a lawyer, if ever a man was cut out for anything, and theres also, that crabbit, sour bodj, him with the rusty bacon name, you know whom I mean, Mr. Editor, altho I jusfc at present forget his proper cognomen, anyhow, he is at the top of the University, and by this token you can make him out. He would put classical learning in the place of common sense in the nineteenth century; his vocation should have been assistant to a second-hand bookseller, or beer taster in some large brewery from his bearish propensities, but quantum suffoi him. As I was before this digression observing that I had a wholesome knowledge of Dr. West's one sided productions, 1 paid little attention to his arrogant and inflated leading articles, well know ing he would be sure to bottle-up and' wire down the truth, so that nothing short of a cork screw in the shape of the Freeman's '^ Journal could extract it ; so turning from the poison, like a sensible man, I took the antidote in a diligent perusal of your manly independent paper, and whatever I read there, seemed to me more consonant, with common sense ^and the truth, than all the ' Bombastes Furioso' indite ments of the Sydney Thunderer. In my humble opinion, the Doctor has had the Printers Devil at his elbow picking out of the latest dictionary all the high sounding, vituperative and bigctted words he could find, and applying them without rhyme or reason in his abusive articles on your journal, and, when the fit seized him, — on the Catholic population of the colony. So likewise, when he was mounted on his loyal hobby-horse, the Devil was at his elbow (I beg your pardon, Doctor, the Printer's Devil I mean !) with the aforesaid dictionary supplying the article' wholesale in. the obsequious and fulsome style,— quantity nib ob ject. — : ' '. ' . 'Muckle din, an' little woo', quo' 'the deil when he dipt the soo', has likewise, been the result, I see, of1 Messrs. Martin and Parkes Pro clamations, Denunciations, Gagging Act, Secret Police &c;, (by the way Brummagem Henry has a strong ''leaning ' and' an evident relish for espionage,— Vide the Braid wood Commission for. example). The whole Government .dodges visible', and- -invisible have utterly failed,; I see Mr. Editor, in unearthing even the ghost of a F-snian. It would be strange if it was otherwise ex nihilo nil M. Our sapient tribune, and our elevated limb of the law, may now therefore put down so much' on the wrong side of the longer in political capital account, t: O Jemmy Martin tell U3 'Why is the principle concealel 'For w'lich you make this mighty stir? _ — 'Tis wisely done, 'What would offend the eye in a good picture, 'The painter casts discretly into 'shade !' 1 beg to subscribe myself yours obediently, URTIOA URTCNS. Audialteram Creek, 11th May, 1S68. 