PORTLAND ELECTION. e - LAMLIJ 12'N2 a Last Monday eveninjg Mr J. S. B13utters s addressed a eiiderolis assemblage of the electors of Portland at McConachby's Lamb. Inn, and was very warmly received. a : Mr. Cooper" was unanimously voted to " the chair, and in opening the proceedings e alluded to thecpresent breach between the . two'houses of the legislature, and the ne e cessity of sending men up to Parliament r who would not allow any encroachment on the privileges of the 'Assembly. lie had d great pleasure in introducing the candidate k to the "electors present, for whom he re n quested a fair and patient hearing. SMr. Butters addressed the meeting, and g explained his, views. As we reported his firstjspeech at length it will be needless for s us' to do so on this occasioni when the can-. n didate necessarily went over the same a grotind. In speaking of the Land Act, i. he alluded to the large tract of unoccupied g land aroundP'ortland, and the desirability a of having it cleared and settled upon. iHe a allided to a sentence in Mr. Henty's ad a dress;?desig'aating 'a proposed alteration of the Land Art by XMr. Grant as a " phase of 1I Victoriui slavery." Hie said, if there was d any slavery in the matter, it had not been d brought' abotit by' the,present Ministry; s and spoke in high terms of Mr. Grant. t lHe did not think they had Lbee well re a presented in Parliainent ihitherto, judging e from the. appearance of the town --the r ghost of former greatness stalked through d th' empty houses. (Laughter.) There ;, was, he said, an impression abroad that many of the electors would not dare to s vote against the last candidate who had come in the field. (Cries of Na, no.) Such It was the impression in Melbourne: It was t considered that they must all give way to the to the Great 1'agandrum of Portland, and when he or his coumnander-in.chief, the Great Mogul below (great laughter), a drew out their Juggernaut car the people would throw themselves down under the wheels ¶f it. The speaker then paid a high tribute to the uprightness and honor able character of Mr. Mu-t, the Returning a Officer, and assured the v?sters that they had nothing to fear as to the accrecy of the ballot-box be:ig kept inviu!ate. Ile hoped I, all who went in for Mr. lienry would re o cord their votes in that gentleman's favor, y and all who believed in hiMn (tile speak.er) would vote for hinm fearles..ly. (Loud h. ters.) In regard to the lEducation Bill, if the candidate said that no bill should re al ceive his support that in any way inter feted with the religious feelings of any Sdenomination. lie cuosiducrd that the ex Spense of removing lunatics, which at pre sent fell on the muruicipaliti .i ,houhl be y borne by the state. Throughi?u.: the speech I the speaker was loudly cheer cc i 'Mr. Michael asked if tLe cal:didato was I in favor..of ,iaymnel:t of membLrs, and ro ceiveh i. reply in the negatisl. lie then asked if, if, in case payment of members be t cam law, Mr. Butters would give his annuli salary toward's O 55is O1fO,,% OUr charitable institutions.c,, 1 Mr. Butters roplied,,ihab hiah oiibs guided by thb~'cibiOnstancos' of. thoe;timq? (Cheers.) Mr. John Pearson, at soine e~ gth, pro. posed Ma. Buttors as a fit arid ,lroper person to represent this cofisituaticy in Parliaioint. lIe considered the 1Prcshut candidatoe was a gentleman who possessed every qualifiction befitting a pairliamentary. representative. It required no small aimotint of 'mental supe riority to attain ?jd the high 'p?isitioni of chief magistrate of Melbourne. Thlio sanie could be said of him that had beeni spoken of the Apostle Paul, i?t he hv'as." a citien. of no mean city." The way itn which ho h'ad discharged the duties of his high office during the lato royal visit had invoked from the royal sailor' expressions of grati tude and apitisfactioe. . Such a man, heo (the speakeer) ?vas confidoit,' would not only look after their rights, but would also reflect honor and credit upon the con stituency which he represented. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Marriott seconded the vote of confi dence. He felt much gratilled by what had fallen from the last speaker. Now was the time or never to secure the 'public works, now that they had a candidate who had pledged his word to see them carried out. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Lovett supported the motion, which was then put and carried unanimously amidst loud and long-continued cheering. Mr. Butters briefly responded, and the customary vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceediegs. 