THE FEBRUARY MAILS FROM EUROPE. ..' -*-' The R.M.S.S. Bombay, with the mails of the 26th of February from England, reached Hobson s Bay about half-past four o'clock yesterday morning, thus delivering the mails within a few hours of the proper time, notwithstanding an unavoidable delay of several days at Galle. The following are the letters of our London correspondents, which were published in a Second Edition of The Argus, at nine o'clock yesterday morning : LONDON, FEB. 26. ' PARLIAMENT. Parliament is again in session. The great Constitutional talking apparatus of the nation is once more getting into play. An there was no Queen's speech, no inaugural ceremonies, and no public ' excitement, our legislators came together very quietly on the 13th inst., and have since given themselves to the business of the state without fuss or enthusiasm. As the present House of Commons exists only by sufferance, until the enlarged constituencies exercise their new powers, all perplexing questions not of press- ing urgency will be relegated to a householders Parliament; and it will be equally the policy of the Government to af> softly, and avoid all embarrassing collisions with their political rivals. ELECTION PETITIONS. On the first evening the Chancellor of the Exchequer introduced a bill for removing election petitions from the cognisance of committees of the House, and constituting a new tribunal, consisting of three banisters, with a salary of £2,000 apiece, before which all these petitions shall be heard. A select committee last year recommended that the judges should undertake the duty ; but they have strongly protested against being burdened with this extra work. They contend that they ought not to be required to mingle in political squabbles, and thereby jeopardise their reputation for impartiality. In the letter of Lord Chief Justice Cockburn, which has been made public, an unconquerable re- pugnance" to these new and invidious duties is expressed but the force of the objection is not similarly felt by either Mr. Disraeli, the. House, or the public. Most of the speakers expressed a strong opinion that the House should not part with any of its own rights in respect to controverted elections, unless it were done in favour of the very highest tribunals so that it is probable the Government will have to abandon or modify its project. Members generally displayed anything but zeal in regard to bribery reform. 113ven Mr. Bright advised delay, in the vain hope that electoral corruption would abate under the new. regime, and with the protection of the ballot. Mr. Gladstone spoke hesitatingly on the transfer of jurisdiction ; while Mr. Henley implored the House not to let go their hold of these petitions, or they would eventually get into the hands of the Upper House by appeal from the judges. THE EDUCATION QUESTION. With regard to education, the Government will not disclose their intentions at present. Mr., Disraeli, when pressed by Mr. Forster, would only condescend to say that they have a bill in hand. Meanwhile, a complete revolution is taking place in the country on the subject, and the stoutest opponents to state aid are now becoming the loudest in their demands for compulsory education, on an undenominational footing, supported either by public or local taxation. Churchmen are amazed and bewildered by this strange change in the attitude and policy of Nonconformists and are growing more gracious and con- ciliatory. According to a Public Schools Bill brought in by Mr. Walpole! and lead it second time, those institutions are to have an opportunity of reforming themselves if they will, and two years are to be given to the governors for that purpose ;, but if the months of grace are allowed to 'pass unimproved, then the work of re- modelling is to be effected by special commissioners. The measure affects seven schools, such as Eton and Rugby ; while Merchant Taylor's and St. Paul's, for reasons deemed insufficient by the House, are exempted from its operation. " ' . THE SCOTCH REFORM BILL. The Scotch Reform Bill was brought in by the Lord Advocate on Monday, the 17th inst. The franchise clauses follow with little variation those of the English measure. In Scotch boroughs every householder lated and paying rates is to be admitted to a vote. No lodger franchise is proposed, because it is suggested that the admirable rating usages of the Scotch will allow of the registration of lodgers without any special enactment. In counties there will be an ownership franchise of a clear yearly value, and an occupation franchise of £12 rating. These branches of the bill will be accepted without controversy. Not so, however, other features of the measure. - The Government propose to give seven additional members to Scotland, which are to constitute an increase in the aggregate number of representatives in the House of Commons. Of the seven, two are destined at present for the Scotch Universities i three are to be distributed among the counties of Ayr, Aberdeen, and Lanark ; pine is to be given to Glasgow, elected thereby into a "three-cornered" constituency, with limited voting and it is proposed that the seventh be bestowed upon a group of boiQughs, including Wishaw and Helensburgh. In addition to those arrangements, certain growing towns are told added to existing ' boroughs. The bill has' not given satisfaction to the Scotch members. They probably feel that they have been sold by Mr. Disraeli, and some English Reformers secretly think that it serves them right for their conduct in reference to the English Reform Bill last session. ( Mr. Baxter demands that the appropriation of the new Scottish seats shall be left to be dealt with by the new Parliament. There is a strong objection in many minds to the augmentation of the number of members of Parliament and an equally by strong objection among many English M.P.'s to have the seven new seats taken from con- stituencies this side the Tweed. But as Mr, Disraeli has proclaimed himself squeezable in respect to all the details of the bill, it is probable some compromise will be effected. . MR, GLADSTONE AND CHURCH, RATES. At last there is a fair prospect of the ex- tinction of compulsory church rates, The Conservatives have hauled down the old flag of " No surrender, and are disposed to accept the best compromise ever likely to be offered to them. They deem it prudent to abandon ion untenable outpost, in order to concentrate their forces in the ' citadel, which ere long will be, furiously assaulted On Wednesday last Mr. Gladstone moved the second reading £5 his Compulsory Church-rates Abolition Bill, which abrogated all legal proceedings for the recovery of an obnoxious impost but permits a voluntary assessment or subscription. He intimated that if he failed, he should offer no opposition to Mr. Hardcastle's bill, for total and unconditional abolition. The speech of the day was made by Lord Cranbourne, who declared that there was 110 use in pursuing this agitation further. He distinctly refused to fight any longer under the "No surrender" flag, caustically adding, with a glance at the Treasury Bench, that he for one would not continue to unite with a political party in pursuing for many years a steady obstruction, and then giving way to an unreasonable panic." His lordship's speech decided the Conservative benches. Mr. Hubbard, who had a church-rate bill of his own, withdrew it. Mr. Hardcastle, who has adopted Sir J. Trelawny's abolition bill, consented to accept Mr. Gladstone's as a compromise. Then followed Mr. Hardy, of Oxford I University, who announced that his colleagues had had no opportunity of considering the subject, but that he and they would interpose no objection to the second reading ; though, of course, the clauses would perfume most careful consideration in committee. Mr Disraeli was diplomatically absent. So the measure passed the second leading without a division. But we must not shout till we are fully out of the ecclesiastical wood-and we are not out yet. . THE VOTES FOR THE ADMIRALTY. That indefatigable naval reformer, Mr. Seely, has resumed thus early his valuable assaults upon the Admiralty. He has asked for, and obtained, a select committee to inquire and report upon the moneys voted for the use of the Admiralty, and as to the method in which the accounts of the department are kept. His object is to show the extravagant cost of building and repairing in the Government yards, in comparison with the yards of private firms. RESIGNATION OF THE PREMIER. With brief intervals of convalescence, Lord Derby has been suffering from illness for some seven or eight months. It will be in the recollection of my readers how, at a critical juncturc^uring the conflicts of last summer, the plucky Premier left his sick room and, pale as a ghost, appeared in the House of Peers to save his Ministry from destruction and his party from discomfiture. He has rallied again and again since then from prostrating attacks of his old enemy, the gout ; but his protracted sufferings have necessarily left him debilitated and worn, and increasingly unequal to the responsibilities of his high position. During the past few weeks a severer relapse than usual greatly alarmed his lordship's friends, and led to the circula- tion of rumours as to his intended resignation. In view of the important work of the session, it was thought by many persons that a reconstruction of the Cabinet would precede the re-assembling of Parliament, and a leading article in The Times of the 11th, pointing out the inconveniences to the Government and the public interests of a Cabinet virtually without a head, seemed to foreshadow some such change. The Premier's health, however, seemed to improve, and the hope was indulged that before the battles of the session began the noble Earl would be able to be again at his onerous post. The hope was illusive; for on the 17th alarming telegrams were received from Knowsley, which hurried Lord Stanley to the bedside of his sire, and three physicians were called in to minister to the sufferer. The next morning the leading journal came out with a kind of political biography of Lord Derby, reviewing his career as' a statesman and pronouncing a qualified eulogium on his public services. The whole scope of the article was to the effect that his life-work was done, though the. hope was expressed that that life might yet be spared to his friends. This was a pretty strong hint ¡ but whether from the Earl's hope of recovery and future service, or whether from the difficulty of finding a suitable successor, the hint was not taken, and Lord Derby, who is said to be in a fair way of recovery, was, until yesterday, Premier of longland. Still, every- body felt that the appointment of a new and efficient head to the Government could not be much longer postponed, and the possibilities and probabilities of the new leadership have been freely discussed. The choice lay between Mr Disraeli, Lord Stanley, and a titled nobody. The balance of opinion was decidedly in favour of recognising the claims of the present Chancellor of the Exchequer. He is now the real leader and educator of the Conservative party, and it is contended his leadership ought to be openly and honestly acknowledged. But then some of the Tory magnates could hardly be brought to own allegiance to Mr. Disraeli, and should their antipathy prevail, we should have some ornamental duke placed at the head of the Cabinet, while the real initiative and control would remain with Dizzy. a These speculations, however, were set at rest yesterday by the announcement that Lord Derby had tendered his resignation to the Queen, and that his resignation had been reluctantly accepted. Mr. Disraeli has been entrusted with the formation of a new Ad- ministration, succeeding Lord Derby as Premier and Parliament was last night adjourned till next Friday (the 28th to allow the needful Ministerial arrangements to be made. HER MAJESTY'S HEALTH. ' A gleam of sunshine from the Royal countenance has gladdened multitudes at the West-end of London. It has been announced:' that, should her health permit, Her Majesty will hold a Court early in March, to receive the illustrious of the land and a series of three drawing-rooms will be field at Buckingham Palace during March, April, and May while the Prince of Wales will hold levees on the Queen's behalf, during the season a St. James's Palace. This concession to the legitimate wishes of her people has given the utmost satisfaction. LEGAL APPOINTMENTS. The extraordinary fortune of the present Government in regard to the higher legal appointments of the country suffers no costs tion, Owing to the resignation of Sir J Rolt through failing health, Sir C. J Selwyn has been elevated to the office of Lord Justice of the Court of Chancery ; while the post of Solicitor-General thus vacated, i to be filled by Mr. Balliol Brett, Q.C. Another change is foreshadowed, by the serious illness of ' Mr. Baron Channell. A batch of Queen's counsellors, who, have recently been appointed, several of the barristers being strongly objected to, as men of no mark whatever. Mr. Justice ' Succour our; Roman Catholic judge of recent times (and about a week ago, and is to be succeeded by Mr. Hannan, a liberal in politics. MISCELLANEOUS., ' ' In other departments of life, moreover, w have lost Sir David Brewster ; Mr. W. lion path, analytical chemist r and the Hon. Mr Gordon brother of the Earl of Aberdeen. The latter died at Cambridge, by the accidents discharge of a rifle, with which he was exp; menting. On the morning of the 'Uti the well- known Oxford Music-hall, in O.y ford-street, was destroyed by fire and about a week later, the Charing-cross Railway St! tion narrowly escaped a similar fate. A large annexe, uscdfor'Custom-house purposes i Connexion with the Continental trains, on consumed with great rapidity, but forty nativity the flames were prevented from reading the main structure. The launch of the Hercules, plated with iron nine inches ther has added another powerful vessel to our navy. The cab strike in Liverpool, after it dieting an intolerable nuisance for a week has terminated by a compromise. It announced from the Cape, on the authority of ' a German mineralogist, that, gold has been discovered in the Transvaal embedded in great veins of quartz. The As miralty has rewarded Mr. Young, the head of the Livingstone search expedition, by permitting him to the rank of gunner of the till: class, giving him an appointment assay chief officer in the coast-guard, and presented him with £500. MR. GLADSTONE AND THE TRADE UNIONISTS.',, The long talked-of interview between M Gladstone and the trades-union delegate took place on the 18th Inst The question discussed were the limitation of the number of apprentices, the maintenance of a man mum rate of wages, and the prohibition i piece-work and overtime and the introductory statement made by Mr. Potter on these three points was marked by moderation and skilful treatment. In his reply, Sir. Gladstone very impartially and delicately pointed out the weak parts of the trades' union case ; condemned some arbitrary and coercive practices which the delegates disclaimed, and others which they did not; and spoke with proper reserve on the proposal that the funds of trade societies should be protected by law. If the discussion was not' so interesting or piquant as had been anticipated, it has brought out the best features of the trades-union case, elicited from the representative artisans an explicit re- pudiation of terrorism, and helped to promote that conciliatory disposition which will lily pave the way for necessary legislation on the subject. Still better if it dispose the working classes to review their protective policy by the light which can be thrown upon it by external friends in whom they have confidence. . ; IRISH AFFAIRS. There are plentiful signs that the Irish question cannot be much longer postponed. The English people are getting impatient with the culpable reluctance of Government to initiate remedial measures for Irish discontent, as well as repressive and coercive measures for Fenian sedition" and treason. It is felt that the time has fully come to legislate in a spirit of concession and compromise. The dissolution of the Union finds no advocates even among our most Radical writers and legislators, but the abolition of the Irish Church and some revolutionary measures in regard to the ownership of the land are consentaneously demanded. Unfortunately there is the most hopeless dis agreement as to the very principles on which the pacificatory measures must be based. As regards the Irish Church, most English Liberals insist on its total aboli- tion, with due regard to vested life interests, and the appropriation of its revenues to educational purposes. Mr. Bright, however, in his late speech at Birmingham, surprised his Noncon. admirers not a little by proposing to bestow some two or three millions, out of the £13,000,000 of capitalised revenue, in breaking the force of the blow, and sooth- ing down irritation. The land schemes of Mr. Fawcett and Mr. Bright, referred to last month, have been followed by proposals from the pens of Lord Russell and Mr. J. S. Mill the former temperate, moderate, and practical, though perhaps inadequate; while the 'Panacea propounded by the latter is violent and revolutionary', and is advocated with a bitterness of tone surprising in a professed philosopher. Space prevents my being more explicit. FENIANISM. The Fenian agitation as now subsided. One by one the police have laid their hands on the chief conspirators ; others have taken flight to America and in the presence of our huge army of special constables, pru- dence has speedily become the better part of valour. That Fenianism is still alive we have evidence from Ireland and in Cork especially it has exhibited a spasmodic vitality. The reception accorded to Mr. Train in that city showed the excitable state of feeling there. Happily a brief favor of popular favour seems to have been the only compensation this notorious individual has received for his arrest. His lectures in Cork were a tirade of fierce abuse against England, and held out distinctly the promise of American support in case of a conflict. He was vociferously cheered, and carried round the room in triumph, though we learn that since his appearance in Dublin he has scarcely been able to obtain an audience. In America his personal un- popularity has deprived him of any effectual sympathy, and although at the first the news of his arrest caused a slight flutter as soon as all the circumstances became known it was thought to be the luckiest thing" that could have happened to him. Nevertheless, the in flammable state of feeling in Cork was abundantly shown during his presence there. Then came intelligence of further outrages. A Martello tower, near Duncannon Fort, at the city ance of the Waterford Harbour, was attacked. Alarm signals were tried, and assistance sent from the Government, when some shots were exchanged, and the assailants fled. About the same time the Tele graph wires. on the lines surrounding Cork were all covered. ' A plot also was discovered for an attack on Macroom Castle, to seize militia arms there deposited, which was frustrated at the last moment by a quarrel amongst the conspira- tors, One presiding spirit seems to have planned and attempted the successive outrages which have disturbed this district-a Captain Mackay, who is credited with unusual ability and daring. This man and three of his companions were at last surprised by the police in a taproom in Cork. Mackay made a desperate resistance, and thawing a revolver, shot one of the police in the leg ; but he was over 1 powered, and with the two others lodged in Bridewell. The fourth man escaped. There was much excitement among the mob while the prisoners were being conveyed to gaol, and the police were compelled to charge with I fixed bayonets, wounding some of the people. This lawless spirit culminated in a formidable list. As the news of Mackay's arrest got abroad the crowds increased. In several instances policemen were fired at by persons in the street, and but narrowly escaped death. It was on a Friday that the police effected their capture. On the following Monday matters had come to such a pass, that for eleven hours the city of Cork was in the power of the rioters. Nothing was left to the police but to resist force by force, and many persons were seriously injured. Order was with great diflieulty,icstorcd ;' yet so imminent is the risk of sudden assault that all the police patrols, by day and by night, not only carry 'lulu and bayonet, but have their lilies on full cock, and ready for instant use. The policeman whom Mackay shot has since died, so that he is now open to the charge of wilful murder. With the arrest of this leader, and the quelling of the late outbreak, we may hope for the return of more tranquil days. in Dublin, meanwhile, there have been succession of trials. Mr. John Martin in his associates, whom the Irish Government prosecuted for taking part, in the Dublin procession to commemorate the Fenians executed in Manchester, have been discharged, through the inability of the jury to agree to a verdict. Mr. A M. Sullivan, of the Weekly News, and Mr. Pigott of the Irishman, have both been found guilty of publishing seditious libels, I am sentenced the former to Fix, and the latter to twelve, months' imprisonment. There was the usual glow of eloquence in all the cases, i Another! firebrand has been extinguished in the conviction of Patrick Lennox for treason-felony. ThOmas was arrested in Dublin last month, and charged with the murder of a policeman in October last I may be remembered that a constable named Kenny was shot dead while on duty, am that a sergeant Kelly, hastening to his rescue was also shot from the same revolver. i Th charge of murder, however, was- abandoned through some defect in the evidence, and the charge of attempting to murder proceeds with; but on this point also, the jury thought the identity insufficiently proved But there was no difficulty in proving Lcnno: to have led the attacks on the Stepaside an Gluncullon police barracks last year; and he has been sentenced to fifteen years' penal; servitude. He claims to be a naturalized citizen of the United States, and was to have the command of the Fenian cavalry as soon as that force came into existence. THE SUSPENSION OF THE HABEA _ CORPUS ACT. _ While Irish questions continue to attract attention, the first step taken by the Government has been to propose the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act for another year Lord Mayo, in introducing the measure, said there was information to show that consider: able activity still prevailed, both on the Cot tinent and in America, amongst those who were engaged in the conspiracy. -There are now in custody OG persons under, the Lord Lieutenant's warrant During the whole last year the number arrested was 265 of whom ninety- five were persons who he spent the, greater part of their time in And rice, and only eleven were occupiers of land On the second reading of the bill in the House of Lords, Earl Russell complained that the Government had no clear and well de- fined Irish policy to propound, and took occa 1 sion to urge immediate legislation on the subject of the Irish Church as a first step towards conciliation. THE CLERKENWELL EXPLOSION. The preliminary examination of the Fenian prisoners charged with the murders at Clerkenwell has virtually been completed, and there are now seven who will be committed for trial. Ifc'has 1 after more than two months to bring things to this issue. The police do not appear to advantage at all points of the evidence, but have been indefatigable in obtaining this result. As in so many cases before, they have been largely indebted to informers and but for one of the prisoners appearing in the new character of Queen's evidence, we might still be searching for certain links in the narrative. After the arrest I of Barrett in Glasgow, the public were one morning surprised by the appearance of Mill irony in the witness-box, instead of in the dock. His statement, if it is to be trusted, points directly to Ban cut as the principal in the deed. He acknowledges that he was himself a centre, and at various times had been introduced to "American officers," generals I and colonels in the service of the Irish Re- public. Barrett he had known under the name of Jackson, and had met him some time before at a meeting held in Holborn, when ; there was some conversation about raising money to effect the object in view. "Powder was to be bought with the money, i Each man was to get powder in small quantities, but as much as he could get." On the night before the explosion, Jackson, meeting with Mullany, told him " that it had been a failure, but they that would try it again to-morrow, and drive it to hell." This , quite accords with what had before been I stated, that an unsuccessful attempt was made on the prior day. "I next saw Jackson continued the witness, on the day of the explosion. I noticed that his whiskers I were off, and he had another man's coat on. I began to chaff him about his whiskers, and he told me that he had shaved them off to prevent his identification, as it was he who fired the barrel." Accord ' ing to the witness, this same Jackson, or Barrett, had, in company with another man, gone on a former occasion to Bow-street to shoot the informer Corydon. Mullany also declares that Greek' fire was mixed at Eng- lish's house some twelve months ago. The general tenor of his evidence, in common with that of other witnesses, abundantly proves that these wretched men were fully prepared for any desperate expedient ; but it is remarkable how utterly contemptible they I all appear, without means, without character, 1 and as low in the social scale as any gang of i burglars. Mullany, as the reward of his treachery, is relieved of the capital charge, and will be tried only for treason-felony. Another incident has excited almost as much comment as his revelations. Your readers may remember that on the very spot, in the dust and smoke of the explosion, Jeremiah Allen was one of the first apprehended. There was evidence, as it seemed, deeply im- plicating him, and yet a measure of mystery rested on his nose-; but it was not till near the close of the proceedings, that the prosecution withdrew the charge against him. Then it appeared that he had been from the first in communication with the police. Before the explosion he had given intimation that it was intended to make an attack on the police-van, and so rescue Burke in the Manchester fashion ; then he had suggested the expediency of keeping a watch over the persons who visited the prison. Some doubt, , however, was entertained as to his good faith, and hence the long delay before his release by so narrow a line does guilt sometimes seem separated from innocence. Imme ! diately in his discharge at Bow-street, Allen was re-arrested on the coroner's warrant for "wilful murderer but at the Central CritnU nal Court, this week, he was finally set free, on the statement that the Crown did not intend to offer any evidence against him. THE DISAPPEARANCE OF MR. SPEKE. 1 The month his been signalised by two painful sensations, arising from a deep mystery, and a grievous scandal in high life. The mystery inst. During the month of January paragraphs appeared at intervals in the newspaper, describing the disappearance of a , clergyman who had come up to London to attend the wedding of a friend, and the failure of all the efforts made by his anxious relatives to ascertain his fate. A reward of £300 was offered for any information which might lead to his restoration, and that amount was afterwards increased to £500. On the 1st of February a letter by an intimate friend of the missing gentleman, giving more detailed j particulars of the distressing case than the public were prev lately in possession of, was a forwarded to The Times. At once the says I serious incident roused the interest and sympathy of the public, and editors and come . spondents discussed every conceivable type I thesis likely to account for the strange occur hence. The melancholy story is, in brief, as follows :-On Wednesday, the 8th of January, the Rev. B. Speke, brother of the celebrated African traveller of that name, left the Chair station, in Somersetshire, on the South Western line, in order to be present at the marriage on the following morning of a friend in London. He intended, apparently have returned home immediately after the wedding, for he took a < return ticket, and ordered his groom to be in a waiting for him at the Chard Station on the evening of that day. On arriving in London he drove to the house of his brother-in-law, in Eccleston-square, dismissed his cab, and after a few minutes' conversation with the footman, who had been brought up in his parish, tell- ing the servant that he was going to buy new hat, to call at half-past six upon a young man whom he had apprenticed in London, and to dine out at seven. He bought a hat in Warwick-street, and left the shop at half-past five, request- ing that the hat might be sent home at a quarter to seven, repeating to the latter also that he was going out to dine. From that moment all trace of Mr. Speke has been lost. At half-past seven his old hat, bearing the marks of ill-usage, was picked up by a working man in Birdcage-walk, who took it home, intending to wear it, but who, seeing the paragraph in the papers respecting the disappearance of Mr. Spoke, whose name v.- win the hat, handed it over to the police. No suspicion attaches to the finder of the hat, who is a respectable man. He picked it up close to the iron railings of the pitiless sun. ciently public place to negative the idea of a murder. Yet somewhere in that neighbourhood, between the hours of half-past five and half-past seven he must have met his fate. All kinds of conjectures have been hazarded -all sorts of theories propounded with a view to the elucidation of the dark mystery, and some of the keenest intellects of the land have contributed their suggestions towards the discovery of the secret. Among the theories discussed are-the voluntary disappearance of Mr. Speke from his friends prompted by some unknown, reason a sudden access of insanity, and the commission of suicide may have been kidnapped in the hope of plunder or he may have been the victim of a serious or even ' fatal accident- or, which is deemed more probable than all, he may have been decoyed into some den of infamy, and there murdered. Some business, the nature of which there are no means of excel taming, required his presence in Westminster during the burned hour preceding his dinner and " An Amateur Detective, in The Times, argue; with some force that Mr. Spoke may have been in some way or other decoyed into the low haunts of that neighbourhood, and there made away with. Possibly, it is suggested, a beggar, or even a-begging letter, may have induced him to make charitable inquiries. This would be quite in accordance with his well-known character for benevolence and active usefulness And this conjecture derives great plans i bility from a startling narration made by the Rev. H. White, incumbent of the Chapel Royal, Savoy. That gentleman relates that on Wednesday, the 20th ult., a man accosted him in Trafalgar-square, representing himself as a detective, charged to secure Mr White's immediate attendance at Bow-street as a witness on one of the Fenian examinations He had called, he said, at the Savoy, and not finding him there, had, hurried after him in a cab, which he had ready to carry then both to the magistrate. Mr. Wliiteroplied Mia he could not go then, but would be at Bow street in an hour. The man most persist ently " urged instant attendance. But Mr. White, fortunately for himself, was firm and on reaching Bow-street at the time promised, found that his presence there was neither sought nor needed. But he had a narrow escape. A Fenian inquiry was in process at Bow-street, in which the safety of his chapel was involved and he had called at Coutt's bank on the way from the Savoy to Queen's College. The former fact explains his willingness to go to Bow-street ; the latter the anxiety of the stranger to get him into the cab. Mr. Speke may have fallen into ' such a trap, and been murdered for the sake of the £20 he had upon him, or killed in a i struggle with his captors. The discussions relative to the probable fate of Mr. Speke'have brought to light a I cluster of similar occurrences. Previous to the reassembling of Parliament, the newspapers became quite exciting from their tragic narrations under the heading of " Mysterious Disappearance." The alarming inference from these cases of banishment is, that individuals are daily, without any known cause or recognisable agency, passing from the sight of their friends, without giving note or sign. But the instances of actual disappearance do not inspire so much terror as the narrow escapes from outrage or death described by some of the, newspaper correspondents, since the former may, after all, prove to be voluntary withdrawals. Take the three following examples : A gentleman passing through Victoria street, Westminster, at four in the afternoon, in November last, is jostled against by a rough-looking fellow, who asks him, "What do you mean to stand for pushing against me?" The gentleman walks on without noticing him, when presently he 'heard a whistle, in answer to which two other fellows make their appearance out of one of the low Streets which Victoria-street intersects. The gentleman now thinks it time to assume the offensive, so he plants his back against the railings, and wielding an ¡ , unusually stout stick, tells them he will make a case for the Westminster Hospital of the first man who lays a finger on him. The stick was wielded by a stout arm. The gen ! tleman was a powerful, athletic young man and the ruffians seeing that he was likely to keep his word, one of them muttered. "Let ; the gentleman pass ; " and with that they drew off. ' In the second case the victim was not so fortunate. He was the well-known bullion merchant of Fenchurch-street, Mr. M'Keown. He was returning to Notting-hill, by daylight, and on reaching the site of some unfinished houses in Lancaster-road, was accosted by a woman, whom he repulsed. The next moment he was seized behind and before by two men, a third being ready to help them, who lifted him off his feet and carried him out of the highway among the mud and mortar of the unfinished buildings, where they robbed him of a gold eye- glass, and left him almost smothered with dirt. Whatever j the cause might be, they overlooked, or at least they did not take, property he had about him to the value of nearly £100, which they might as easily have taken as they did the eye-glass. The third case is far more extraordinary. " W.," writing to The Times, says- The- tween five and six o'clock on the night of the 21st of March, 1867, I left the city in an omnibus, got out near the Elephant and Castle in the middle of the road, and paid the fare. The rest is blank until nearly twelve o'clock, when a man came, shook me by the arm, and said, "Wearegoingtoclo.se." I, heavy with sleep or something else, looked up, and supposed I was in a coffee shop. Presently he came again and said, "You must go, sir," at which I got up, and was let out of the door, it being then quite dark, save the street lamps. Shortly I found myself sitting in a cab in front of the Elephant and Castle, directing the man where to drive me, which was ten miles off, and where I arrived safely between four and five in the morning. In the morning I went to business as if nothing had happened and yet something very mysterious and frightful had taken place. From the time I got out of the omnibus to the time I awoke the coffee-house I remember nothing. I lost a gold watch, gold and silver near £8 all. but one, shilling,, Every;,, thing else was safe. My pocket-book, with more than £40 worth of notes, all my loose letters, and every atom of paper, safe ; my hut, pocket-handkerchief, gloves, and clothes safe, and not soiled, save on the inside of my coat collar were some spots of tallow grease, as though my coat had been off; and my shirt-sleeves bore the print of some fair creature's hair-net plain enough. I had not drank anything to cause this, and had apparently nothing given me, such as beer or spirits. On that night I never went into any place to drink with any one, and the mystery is how, with so slight after sickness as I experienced, I was rendered so instantaneously senseless as not to know how and by whom I was led into the place in which I found myself. I fear Mr. Speke succumbed, while I escaped with my life." A much more marvellous and horrible story has been related by the London correspondent of the Manchester Guardian. This Radcliffian paragraph states that in the searches made by the police for Mr. Speke a strange discovery has been made in a dilapidated house in one of the slums of Westminster. In a kitchen was found a chopping block, made fast to the floor, of the kind that butchers ordinarily use. No ostensible purpose could be assigned for it in such a situation and no ordinary force was sufficient to move it. By accident, one of the police touched a spring, and the top (found to be a lid) flew open, and it was discovered that the share block was not only hollow, but that it communicated with the main sewer. "In the present state of public alarm," remarks The Times occasioned by the disappearance, not only of Mr. Speke, but of several other persons, such terrible inventions as chopping-blocks communicating with main sewers might produce a panic. To any one, indeed, knowing anything of main sewers, the story would carry its own contradiction on its very face. To those who are not acquainted with such con- structions it may be necessary to say. that the paragraph in question has not an atom of truth for its foundation. Without attempting to solve the mystery of Mr. Speke's disappearance, we believe ' we are justified in stating that the police are now in possession of information which promises to supply a sort of clue to the mystery of Mr. Speke's absence; though, of course, this promise may be disappointed." These' mysterious disappearances are, no doubt, far more numerous at all times than the public has any idea of, yet when published to the world they naturally produce great uneasiness and alarm. That any of our friends, while walking quietly along our well-frequented thoroughfares, in the early evening hours, should be liable to be whisked away we know not where, and an impenetrable curtain of secrecy conceal their fate, is calculated to inspire anxiety and terror. And we are, moreover, exposed to perils of a different but not less serious, character. On the 5th inst.' [another outrage was added to the series of startling occurrences which have lately stirred the country. An inoffensive man was quietly looking into a shop window near the Clerkenwell House of De i tention, within four shots were rapidly fired at him from a revolver. The crime was at first ascribed to Fenianism, but on the capture of the assassin- he was found to be half crazy, and acted under the hallucination that he was being perpetually watched and hunted by eight men. He is an attorney's clerk, and has long been known as "Mad Needles." The poor fellow shot is expected to recover, as only one bullet took effect. THE MYSTERY SOLVED. Mr. Speke is not murdered after all. But although he is found, alive and well, and his disappearance, was entirely voluntary, yet until more is known than the public has been made acquainted with the strange affair will appear more and more inexplicable. On Monday there was a paragraph in The Times from Mr. Murdoch, the friend of the missing man, stating that nothing whatever was known of his fate ; but yesterday a brief note from Sir Richard Mayne made known the welcome fact that Mr. Speke had been discovered, disguised as a drover, at Padstow, near Bodmin, in Cornwall. A few more details have since transpired. It seems that on Wednesday last Sergeant Soady, of Padstow, Cornwall, received a photograph and description of a man named Ayre, who had absconded from Hull with a large sum of money. On the following Friday he saw a man at Padstow dressed as a bullock-driver, who, he believed, answered the description of Ayre. He conversed with him at his lodgings, and left. Soady then sent for Inspector Opie, of Wadebridge, who went to Padstow, and, with the sergeant, on Saturday took the person into custody, and found a large sum of money in his possession. The officer took him before the justice of the peace at Padstow, who remanded him for three days. Meantime the police sent a letter to Sergeant Barnes, of Bodmin, who on receiving it went, accompanied by the deputy chief constable, to Padstow, and, after minutely examining the prisoner, those officers were satisfied he did not correspond with the description of Ayre. They then waited on the magistrate, who considerately remanded the prisoner to Bodmin. On the way the police-constables were struck with the gentlemanly bearing and deportment of the prisoner, and were convinced they had no ordinary man. On arriving at their destination a more strict search was made of the prisoner and his luggage, among which were several books with the name of "Dick Maxwell" written in them, besides articles of clothing to enable him to assume any disguise. The police, however, were not to be deceived, for having seen a description of the Rev. Mr. Speke in the newspapers, they turned their attention in that direction, and after a most careful observation and comparison, they were strongly satisfied that their prisoner was no other than the Rev. B. Speke. They charged him with it, and after considerable hesitation he admitted he was the Rev. Mr. Speke. They communicated at once with London, Era. SPBKE'S ACCOUNT OF nisSEn. The rumour to the effect that the friends of Mr. Speke knew of his whereabouts, led,' it is assumed, to Mr. Speke himself making a clean breast of it. In fact, there really was no foundation for the asser- tion, but it was suggested as a ruse, and, as it turns out, has answered most effectually. A letter addressed to Mr. Murdoch, and dated from the Crown Hotel, Padstow, contained, however, the first information the friends of Mr. Speke have had regarding their relative since his mysterious disappearance. This epistle, which is rather lengthy, is written by Mr. Speke himself. It is a narrative of his doings from his arrival in London down to Sunday last, and, its general tone implies that he had conceived the idea of mysteriously disappearing from the time he left his home. In it he says he has been "guilty of many sins, but that he is now brought to a state of contrition, and, (although he trusted that his friends would forgive him, he could not possibly return to London after what had appeared about him in the newspapers." He also says, " It was impossible for him to go to the wedding," and that his sudden disappearance would be the best excuse for his non-attendance." It will be remembered that he left the Chard station, I on the South-Western Railway, on the 8th of January, taking a return ticket for the metropolis, and was coming to London are fessedly to act as the bridegroom's best friend, at the marriage of a most intimate acquaintance. The letter shows that the report as to his taking a four-wheeled cab, and driving to a house in Eccleston-square, where he stayed talking to the footman, who had been his parishioners and pupil, to his subsequently going out and saying that he was "going to buy a hat, and afterwards transact a little business in Westminster," is quite true ; but it did not refer, nor in any way account, for his hat being found in Birdcage walk. He says he returned that same night down the South-Western n line, and went on to Southampton, from which place he has travelled by short stages to Cornwall. By degrees he got rid of the money he had in his possession, and, finding himself penniless, he solicits the " assistance of Mr. Murdoch, to enable him to get on to Liverpool, thence to embark for America." Mr. Murdoch and Mr. Inspector Williamson left London on Monday night for Padstow, and on their return the public will hear a more detailed account of Mr. Speke's doings. I A SCANDAL IN HIGH LIFE. I And now for the great scandal of the month. The individual principally implicated is no less a personage than Lord Wil- loughby d'Eresby, twentieth baron of that name, and hereditary Grand Chamberlain of England, who is wont to usher into the presence of a pure-minded and virtuous Sovereign the most noble and illustrious of the land. Most persons would have supposed that a peer so highly placed and so conspicuously employed in the Court would act with circumspection and public decency, for the sake not only of his own reputation, but also for the credit of the order to which he belongs. He has not seen fit to do so, however. Not only has he allowed the unsavoury details, of his private life to be paraded before the public, but he has revealed an amount of mean- ness, baseness, and vindictiveness, which have disgusted men of all classes and parties. The expose of this nobleman's domestic history was made before the Court of Queen's Bench, where he was defendant in an action brought against him by the Countess d'Alteyrac, his reputed wife for a period of some seventeen years, for the restitution of the value of property belonging to herself which Lord Willoughby had sold and appropriated. The facts of the shameful story are these. In 1847, the Countess d'Alteyrac, a lady of rank and good connexion, was living in Paris, her husband, a naval officer, being at that time abroad. The present Grand Chamberlain, then Mr. Willoughby, these formed an acquaintance with the Countess. The result of that intimacy was that the lady agreed to forsake her husband, and live with Mr. Willoughby as his wife. They travelled about together, and finally came to England, where, afford temporary residence in Argyle street, they took a house at Vincent-road, Ovington-square, Some money which the Countess possessed went to furnish this house, and certain articles of furniture and plate belonging to her were brought from Paris for the same purpose. Such is the lady's statement, and it was not denied in court. Mr Willoughby then became un- well, and for fifteen months he was nursed with the utmost assiduity and affection by his companion. At one period he was so ill that he wrote to his father, desiring him, in case of the son's death, to make some provision for the Countess, in compensation for the affectionate interest she had always shown to him ;" and a post script to this note informed the father that the property in the house in Vincent-street belonged to the lady. Defendant getting better in 1852, they removed to Cartledge, Twickenham the of ii ii til re in the former house was transferred to the new residence, and here they lived until 1865. In the mean- time the Countess had given birth to a daughter, and had also been divorced by her husband. At Caen-lodge she was known as Mrs. Willoughby, and as such received her pseudo husband's relatives and friends. Her daughter, moreover, was brought up in ignorance of the true relations existing between her parents. Lord Willoughby even promised to marry the Countess when her true husband died ; but he tired of her before that came to pass, and discarded the woman who had been true to him half his life, that he might install the lady's maid in her place. "Then he turned her out of the house which she had furnished, left her penni- less, suffered her to sue him and blazon the story' in open court, and finally he instructed his lawyers to take advantage of every dirty quibble which lawyers could invent to defeat her righteous claim upon him. The Lord Chief Justice denounced his scandalous course with a warmth and emphasis very unusual in an English court, and compelled him to effect, by private arbitration, a settlement with his victim. All voices are raised in reprobation of this lordly sinner's infamy, and it now only remains for the Queen to banish him from her presence. Another once honoured panic has been dragged in the mire. The late Sir Culling Eardley, Bart., was long known in the religious world for his labours in the interests of Christian union and religious liberty, at home and abroad ; he was, indeed, for many years the master spirit of the Evangelical Alliance. His son, and the inheritor of his title and fortune, is a man, it appears, of profligate character and life. He has just been convicted of bigamy, and sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment, with hard labour. May it prove a wholesome discipline to the degene- rate young baronet. THE FOOD QUESTION! The cry Reform your Tradesmen's Bills, is growing in volume and < power. The outburst of indignation which we witnessed a few months ago one. -of the In- Miers was not a mere spasmodic and momentary display of irritation. who protest assumed practical forms, which, in most of our cities and large towns, have brought down the prices of meat to a fairer rate of profit. In some places, however, where no formidable local pressure has been exercised upon the men of the cleaver, the old extortionate terms are still ex- acted. In the meanwhile, we are glad to learn that the groans of the British public have been heard across the southern seas, and that our brethren in Australia are proposing to send us over substantial succours. We can consume all that you can send us, provided that the joints are supplied at once presentable in appearance and appetising in flavour. We are, I need not remind you, a very fastidious people in matters of diet. Our prejudices are strong, yet they are not unconquerable, os is > shown by the revolution which is being wrought in the public taste and sentiment with respect to the adop- tion of horse-flesh as a staple dish on our dinner tables. "Hippophagy" is becoming quite a fashionable topic of conversation. The subject is passing out of the comic and jesting stage into that of the serious and practical. We have had several horses banquets during the past month, which, if those who partook of them are to be believed, were eminently satisfactory. The more recherche spread was at the Langham Hotel, where the bill of fare was varied and most excellent. If half that is said of the admirable qualities of horse-flesh be true, we are wasting an enormous quantity of valuable food, which is so urgently needed to supplement our present inadequate supplies of butchers' meat. But the meat question is not the only one which is now occupying the earnest attention of all classes. Bakers, grocers, and provision dealers of all sorts, are threatened with ex- tinction or ruin by the British Paton families, whose long-abused patience and stolid equanimity are at length giving way. A glance at The Times and other papers will show that a very spirited discussion has been going on relative to the measures of self-protection milich have been taken by consumers against the exorbitant charges of shopkeepers. The controversy has reference at present mainly to the metropolis. But the movement so earnestly begun is sure to spread. This system of co-operation among the middle classes is suddenly developing into formidable proportions. It is now some years since the Civil Service Supply Association was formed that- is, a combination among the employés in the various Government offices for obtaining groceries and other articles of consumption at a very low rate, and thus counteracting, to some extent, the great advance in the prices of all articles of consumption, which has fallen most heavily on persons of fixed incomes. Depots of goods were opened by this and kindred associations, which have lately increased greatly in numbers, and the advantages of these establishments have been extended to the "friends" of civil servants, who pay a small annual fee. Under this de- signation many thousands of persons get their goods at only a fraction above the wholesale cost price, and thus effect a large annual saving. These depots have now become almost fashionable resorts, and people of wealth and ladies of title are to be seen giving their orders at these supply warehouses, at no little trouble to themselves, and to the serious injury of their ordinary trades- men. The competition, indeed, has become so formidable that' many West End trades- people are threatening reprisals by a combination against the wholesale firms which supply these associations. Others, with 'sounder discretion, are offering to meet corn plaining consumers on their own ground. It is evident that no trades-union spirit will avail to put down co- operative societies, and the wholesale competition they engender. The true remedy is that suggested by some thirty of the West End grocers, who have announced their readiness to supply articles at a greatly reduced tariff, on three conditions ¡ 1\. Cash to be paid when the order is given. 2. Purchaser to pay the cost of delivery, is. Purchaser to make out his own invoice, with duplicate. These are, in fact, the Civil Service regulations, and it is needless to say how materially they tend to reduce the trade expenses-of-the vendor.- Shopkeepers may reasonably demand the conditions which con- sumers ore so ready' to accept at the co-operative depots, though the public is hardly so ready to enter into their view of the case as its own. The real grievance, however, seems to be this, not that the people who take long credit are charged high prices, but that those who pay ready money get little or no consequent advantage. Co operative competition is beginning to redress this wrong, and is teaching housekeepers that if they want cheap groceries and other articles, they must not only go money in hand, but like personal trouble, and dispense with the risks and expense of Eudlo men, or women. THE THAMES SHIPWRIGHTS, AND EAST-END DISTRESS. ' ' From battles to get cheap food, and struggles to secure food at all, the transition is natural and easy. Owing to on improvement in the weather, and a favourable change of wind, which has brought a large number of ships into the London docks, there has been a slight diminution in the number of destitute persons receiving charitable relief in the Eastern districts of the metropolis, though the aggregate is still appalling to contend plate. Hitherto the benefactions of the public have been distributed by various societies and agencies, some of them hastily extemporised in the emergency, which was found to be attended by many evils and inconveniences. Numerous impositions were practised upon these almoners of the public bounty ; hypocrisy Often got the lion's share, while real unobtrusive distress not un- frequently went unrelieved. To extinguish these abuses, and insure a more systematic and eTiscrimiuntiiiK administration of the benevolent funds, the various agencies have merged their work in the hands of a United Executive Committee for the Relief of Special Distress at the East-end of London." This praiseworthy coalition was not effected without considerable difficulty, some of the minor committees for a time strenuously resisting the absorption proposal. The effect of this policy of economising labour and resources was at once apparent in the increased subscriptions which flowed in. Miss Burdett 'Coutteset a noble example of generosity by forwarding £500. Yet the benevolent impulses of the public have had much to discourage in the conduct of the men belonging to the various branches of the shipbuilding trades on the Thames. On the 25th of last month, a meeting for conference between the shipbuilders of the district and their unemployed work- people was held in Burdett Hall, Limehouse. The result of that convention was profoundly disheat tening to the best friends of the working-men. The 1,000 persons present were informed that the iron shipbuilding trade was transferring itself from the Thames to the Clyde, where it had increased in one year 37,124 tons,' but that gentlemen present in the room were prepared to give contracts for ships if the men would accept the wages paid on the Clyde. This the men refused,, saying they would have 7s. a day, and one astute fellow declared that in times of poverty wages " ought rather to be rose."' It was stated that the difference of wages wits 2s. against London: but the men retort that the difference does not go to them, but to sub-contractors employed by the builders to save themselves trouble. They say they only get 34s. a week through the winter. The only immediate fruit of this meeting was the appointment of a committee of conciliation. The press in general was severe in its reproaches of the men for re- jecting work because they could not get an imaginary scale of wages. Those who moved among the men stated that the bulk of them, were willing enough to accept the reduced, wages under existing circumstances, but they were restrained by a few trades-union fanatics, who felt their authority at stake. Early in February we heard with pleasure that the shipwrights at length showed 1 a disposition to come to terms with the builders. Mr. Bullivant, a genuine friend of the workmens, had announced that a ship- owner was prepared to give orders for a 1,000 I ton iron ship, at 5 per ton ; the men agreed to take that price, but still further delayed closing the bargain till they could settle among themselves as to the' distribution of the money. There was a difference as to the amount which should be drawn per day while the work was in progress. While they were begging about this point, -the shipowner grew impatient and disgusted, and sent his order to Glasgow, This is one of the charming results of trades-unions. No wonder that the public was indignant at such suicidal folly, and insisted that none of these men should share in the*_istributions of gifts intended for the hopelessly,destitute.,» ss v is being-" ros i II Y PERILS BY LAND AND'-TjrSEA. t j We had begun to get almost inured to perpetual storms of wind, rain and sleet. the entire winter having been as ungenial as a raving maniac; but all that had gone before was nothing in comparison with the awful gale with^whiclrthe'niánth of February was ushered in. It was as protracted as it was violent It raged throughout the entire Kingdom, and committed'feaiful and fatal ravages in all directions. Not a tithe of the casualties and disasters were reported in the papers, and yet columns of the daily journals were filled with details of the mischievous pranks of the hurricane. In the metropolis it blew off the roofs of houses, dashed down stacks of chimneys, turned over cabs and cab horses,' tore down garden walls, and committed all sorts of minor depredations. At Old Ford a shaft was blown i overs upon a dye factory, killing four women and seriously injuring several others. The bulk of the hands were fortunately absent at dinner at the time of the accident. In Coleman-street, City, a child was crushed to death by the fall of a stack of chimneys ; a man was blown from the roof a house in St. John's-wood and in the Kent-road a carman was blown off his van, and was run over by a passing vehicle. 'there are i simply examples of the effects of the storm. Similar melancholy tales have come up from all parts of the country. Immense trees were uprooted ; church steeples were blown down 5 chimneys sent crashing into houses ; while the torrents of rain which fell, in the north especially, inun- dated large tracts of country, _ washed away bridges, invaded houses, mills, and warehouses, and impeded railway traffic. In the Tyne and the Humber there was a higher tide than had been known for thirty years, by which great local damage was inflicted. The disasters and the losses in the English Channel were very severe, and it will be long before no fully know the numerous vessels that went down during those awful twenty four hours. In South Wales the Severn was overflowed, and a flood rushed over some portions of the Principality such as had not even known for sixteen years. People went to bed on Friday night with their houses standing on dry ground, and awoke in the morning to find themselves in the midst of a waste of raging waters, and communication with their neighbours entirely cut off. A shocking accident occurred on the Cambrian Railway, between Newtown and Llanidloes, by the falling in of a railway bridge just as a cattle train was passing over it early in the morning. Engine, 1 tender, and trucks tumbled over into the river, swollen to a torrent, and crushed both driver and stoker to death. A goods guard, a passenger guard, and two drovers, who were in the binder part of the train, were saved, and had to go back to Oswestry for assistance. THE FRENCH PRESS BILL. After the press prosecutions of last month, and the condemnation and fining of ten pound, notes for venturing to give a summary of the proceedings in the Corps Legislatif, few persons were sanguine enough to expect that the new and more liberal press bill promised by the Emperor a year ago would ever make its appearance. It was feared that the obvious reaction of the past twelve months would have proved fatal to any advance towards " crowning the edifice." And the fate of the embryo bill was for some time doubt" fil. Early in February, there was un- wonted agitation and anxious suspense in governmental regions. Cabinet Councils were held with alarming frequency; the two opposing parties of progress and re- action were employing all their forces to secure the triumph of their respective views ; the partisans of Imperialism were more obstructive than the Emperor himself and a large number of members of the Legislature, known as the " Arcadians," from the club where they assembled, entered into a conspiracy to opposes concessions to the pi ass. It was only at the last moment that the final decision was taken, and the determination to go on with the bill and keep faith with the French public is attributed to the resolute attitude of M. Rouvier and M. Laroche. Those Ministers, in opposition to the Empress, M. Persigny, and a swarm of lesser adversaries, expostulated on the im- policy of withdrawing a bill so can chilly elaborated and so anxiously anticipated, and they backed up their remonstrances with an intimation that they could not remain in office if the Government so stultified itself. Their representations pi availed ; the Emperor emancipated himself from the toils of his evil counsellors, and gave instructions to his Ministers to force the measure through. By the first clause any person was to be allowed to establish a journal without previous permission, and it was on this clause that the battle was to have been fought. But when the Chamber heard the farm, ringing, uncom- promising tone of M. Rouher's speech, the formidable Opposition melted away, and the clause was carried by a majority of 215 against 7-styled by M. Grainer de Cassagnac, the leader of the re- creant Arcadians, "The seven wise men." Since that initial defeat, little trouble has been experienced. The discussion on numerous amendments has gonoonspiritedly from day to day and although some of the clauses of the bill will press with great and crushing severity upon the proprietors of journals, yet the measure will be a movement in the right direction. RUMOURS OF A DISQUIETING CHARACTER. While all seems quiet and peaceful on the surface, there are ugly statements abroad. As soon as the new Army Bill became law, Marshall Niel ordered the census to be taken of those youths who had been exempted from military service in 1894-5, but who will now be required to enter the National Guard Mobile and on the 8th inst. the bill fixing the contingent for 1868 at 100,000 conscripts was laid before the legislative body. This " feverish haste has created some sensation, since it looks as if danger were at hand. Nor is this all. The provisioning of the arsenals and the army clothing stores is vigorously going on. Marshal Niel has converted a large spare room at the Invalides into a warehouse containing all the impedimenta-fíoM ovens, camp kettles, tents, ambulances, were- quited for an army of 200,000 men ; so that everything could be issued at a minute's notice. Whether these preparations point to Prussia or to Russia as a possible enemy it would be presumptuous to affirm. Any hold attempt to extend German unity still further might be the signal for the French legions to pour down upon the Rhine lands ; or any serious attempts to revolutionize the European provinces of the Turkish Empire by Russian connivance, and secret and would probably set the French troops in motion. The news during the month from Soi via. Hourn ania, and Bulgaria, has been decidedly alarming. Agitation everywhere, prevails ; insurrectionary bands are being organised and armed and a conspiracy, having extensive ramifications, and directed by Russian agents, is said to have been discovered and made known to the Government of the Sultan. The Western Powers have remonstrated with the authorities at Bucharest and Belgrade on the encourage- ment afforded to the revolutionary emissaries, but, of course, they profess the most complete ignorance of what is going on around them. In Crete desultory fighting is still taking, place, and victories over the Turks are over and anon reported from Athens. EX-KING, GEORGE AGAIN. The ex-King of Hanover has given rise to a great deal of trouble and disquietude of late among the Continental Powers. In the first place he has been the innocent occasion of a fierce quarrel and rupture between Count Bismarck and the Prussian Conservatives. As if moved by some compunction visitiiiRS towards the Princes who had been dethroned and despoiled by the late war, the Prime Minister introduced, by the wish of the King of Prussia, a bill voting heavy potations, amount- ing in all to £3,000,000, to the King of Hanover and two other fallon rulers. This was forced through a most reluctant chamber by dint of sheer determination on the part of Bismarck, and a threat of resignation if the billwororojected. The Liberals, cowed and alarmed, submitted, and passed the bill by a good majority. His next brush was with the Conservatives, who opposed him on the proposal to grant a special fund for the local administration of Hanover. The Count, who was anxious to make annexation us acceptable as possible to the Hanoverians, and favour the decentralisation principle, was stung to the quick by the dogged and selfish policy of the Junker party, and threatened to rely for the future on the Liberals, to'semi'.his, obstructive. 1 colleagues, after Count Lippe," and" sur-, round himself with liberal sides. The 'King supported his Minister, and snubbed his test. opponents. The measure was carried; but the next morning the. Count asked for and received unlimited leave of absence. For a week or two this withdrawal from public business was a topic of anxious speculation, and the eyes of statesmen and politicians were strained to see in what quarter this stormy petrel of politics would next turn up. The Count, however, seems to have remained, at home, to secure quiet and rest after the exhausting pressure of the past two years. ville will, it is said, continue in retirement, until after the close of the session. Minis- terial modifications are talked of in a Liberal i sense. , , ' , ? But while the Prussian Legislature has been voting him ample compensation for the loss of his crown, King George has been celebrating his silver wedding at Hutzing, near Schombrunn, and proclaiming to his adherents, that he fully expects to go back to Hanover as a free and independent Sovereign. Some of the moneys he received have gone to the support of the remnant of the Hanoverian Legion, 6,000 strong, who found an asylum in Switzerland. Prussia having objected to the retention of a military organisation by the emigrants, they passed over into Alsatia, where they received a kind of ovation from the French population. The Imperial Government promptly disclaimed any, responsibility for this event, and took steps in the matter. Some of the Hanoverians having Austrian passports, Prussia demanded explanations of the Vienna Cabinet, which has discovered that some subordinate police officials exceeded their powers. Baron Beust has apologised, and has promised to adopt strict preventive measures in future. The Berlin papers maintain that persistence in giving hospitality to the ex-King, who has equipped Prussian subjects for war against their Sovereign is no proof of friendly feeling towards Prussia and King William's Government announce that they will not pay aught to the trouble- some ex-King till they are satisfied that he intends faithfully to observe his engagements. ITALIAN MATTERS. Italy is enjoying a season of calm. Party warfare is for a moment suspended, and all seem bent on advancing measures of practical utility. The relations of the Government with France are more amicable ; the French expeditionary corps in the Papal States is reduced to a single division, and even that is expected soon to return. The violated con- ' vention is likely to be revived, and the Emperor is said to be attempting once more to bring the priests to some arrangement with Italy. Meanwhile, the gloom of the Italian people has been relieved by the announcement that the heir-apparent is about to wed the Princess Marguerite, " the Lily of Savoy," a lady of rare qualities, though still very young. i THE DISASTER AT NAPLES. A terrible catastrophe took place in Santa Lucia on the evening of January 28 by the fall of a portion of the steep cliffs on one of the sides of Mount Vesuvius. Three houses were at once buried beneath the ruins, and some barracks built on the top and edge of the cliffs had to be immediately evacuated, and were subsequently pulled down to prevent a worse accident. Vehicles and human beings passing at the time were buried beneath the debris. The number of lives lost was variously computed at from fifty to seventy. The excitement and terror in Naples were extreme, which increased from day today, as the work excavation went slowly on, under the paralysing dread of a further fall of the friable tufa upon the heads of the workmen and those who superintended their labours. For two days scarcely anything was done, owing to the prevalent terror of the population and of the authorities. At length a brave engineer, named Zampaii, succeeded in commencing operations, which have been continued to the present time. Two tunnels were first driven into the mountainous ruins, but they revealed nothing ; the labourers then toiled away at the removal of the debris, and a fortnight after the rocky avalanche had fallen several of the slain were discovered-one a young bride, from whose protruding fingers were taken twenty- four rings. The side of the mountain is shored up, and the buried houses have been excavated, but no living prisoner has been released. THE ABYSSINIAN EXPEDITION. Our patience at home is sorely tried by the slow progress of the liberating force. There is a growing conviction that the expedition is on far too gigantic a scale. Three months have been consumed in establishing an adequate depot at Senate on the tableland, but the work is well done, though at a cost of millions of money. A good carriage road exists through the defile, and a rail- road is being constructed at the rate of two and a half miles per week. Sir Robert Napier has started for the front, and ere many weeks are passed it is to he hoped that we shall hear of his presence at Magdala. But Theodore is already there before us; all his boastful but cowardly insurgent chiefs having dis- creetly contented themselves with watching" his movements at a respectful distance and we dread hearing next that the savage tyrant has put his captives to death. What then? The troops of the Egyptian Viceroy mean- while are entering the country on their own account, which will rouse the suspicions of the natives, and not unlikely unite them against us. The cost of this war is creating great alarm, and Mr. Disraeli refuses all information on the subject. UNITED STATES. The possibility of a war with America still forms a more frequent topic of conversation than is pleasant. Some alarming rumours have been set afloat ; they have soon proved to be baseless, but there are indications that the Alabama question may be in- conveniently used as a political engine during the forthcoming Presidential struggle. Mr. Thornton, the new British Minister, has been cordially received at Washington. In reply to his assurance of the Queen's sympathy, Mr. Johnson remarked that " Her Majesty's kind message encouraged him to hope for a speedy adjustment of the exist- ing differences between the two Govern- ments." A further change in, our relations is occasioned by the resignation of Mr, Adams, whose long time of service at the Court of St. James'shns secured him theuniversalrespectof the British nation. General M'Clellan will take his place, an appointment which will be hailed with satisfaction, as the general has already many friends in this country, and is regarded as a wise and moderate man. But our chief security is unhappily felt to be in the disturbed state of American affairs. Surely Cousirui,ronathan has enough on his hands, and is not so short-sighted as to think he con permanently heal his own wounds by making fresh sores. _ The price of gold goes up as one complication succeeds to another. The reconstruction difficulty still presses ; as in answer to President Johnson's message, commending General Hancock for subordinating the military to the civil power in Louisiana, the House of Representatives has passed by an overwhelming majority a bill declaring that no valid civil government exists in the lately rebellious States, re- voking all powers of removal or appointment given to the President by the Recon- struction Act, and conferring them upon the general of the army, with other provisions that would virtually place the South under the absolute control for the time being of General Grant. Meanwhile there has arisen a warm controversy between that general and Mr. Johnson. The latter charges him with disobedience, and with duplicity in surrendering his office as Secretary for War to Mr. Stanton, when that gentleman was reinstated by the Senate. In defiance of the Senate, the President has issued another order for the removal of Mr. Stanton and in their turn, the Senate have again declared this removal illegal. Thus the contest of powers is dangerously prolonged. It is not sur prising that the cry for impeachment has again been raised in Congress. The extreme measures of the Republican party have, however, occasioned much uneasiness in the North, especially their attempt to reorganise the Supreme Courts, so as to prevent the Reconstruction Acts from being invalidated. It is significant that the House of Representatives has passed a resolution " to inquire into the truth of a report that a judge of the Supreme Court had, in private conversation, denounced the Reconstruction Act as unconstitutional, and that the Supreme Court would so decide." The Judiciary Committee were to report whether this offence demanded impeachment. Now, we hear that the Supreme Court has unanimously dismissed the applications of Georgia and Mississippi for injunctions against those cution of the Reconstruction Act, upon the grounds." that the Court has no jurisdiction, ; the question being political," not judicial and that the applications do not specify any apprehended danger to person's property." it Considering the vast proportion-of 23rd grants who have taken up their abode in the States, a question of more general interest relates to the claims of naturalised citizens. "The Committee of Foreign Affairs have come to an agreement, and it is reported that they will soon introduce a bill declaring that ! naturalised citizens abroad are entitled to the same protection as native born citizens, unless such protection, shall have been forfeited, by crimes against the Federal, laws, or against 1 foreign governments i committed within their jurisdiction, or, by desertion, from acfualser-i vice in or by enlistment in a foreign army or navy, or by adoption of a domicile beyond the limits of the United States for over one year. By this bill the President would be authorised to demand the release of citizens detained by foreign governments upon the ground of Federal naturalisation not absolving them from allegiance, to their native country. Should the release be refused or delayed, the President would be authorised to cause the arrest of any subject of such foreign government as an indemnity and reprisal." This last clause involves a monstrous injustice. Fancy Mr. Charles Dickens, who is still starring it in the principal cities of the North, arrested as hostage for Mr. Francis Augustus Train ! . One item more. Mr. Seward has advanced another step in the acquisition of territory, by the purchase of the Island of St. Thomas from the Danish Government. The treaty ceding the island has been ratified at Copen hagen ; but there is some difficulty in obtain- ing the sanction of the Senate at Washington, i ENGLISH MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, FEB. 20. THE OUTFLOW OF GOLD. The most noticeable feature of the month has been the heavy and continuous outflow of gold to the Continent. This movement has been going on now for three or four months, but owing to the plethora of capital in the country, it failed until recently to attract much attention. Besides some large foreign arrivals of the precious metals, which were at once taken for export, the stores of the Bank of England were for several weeks encroached upon to the extent of upwards of half a million per week. The chief causes of this protracted bullion di oin are ascribed by the Economist to the absence of sufficient first class paper in England, in consequence of the limited nature of the exports- the advance in the price of foreign stocks on the British market, which has caused sales on foreign account, and for which gold has been in some part remitted-the payments made on account of extensive purchases of corn and the natural tendency of the commodity to the dearest market. The value of gold at Paris has for some time been dearer than at London. Just a week ago, a check was imposed upon this export movement, and very little treasure has since been withdrawn from the Bank. The causes which led to the continental demand seemed suddenly to cease to operate, and simultaneously with this cessation it was remarked that some French houses appeared in our markets as put chasers of large cargoes of wheat. Should this operation be carried to any considerable extent, it will have the effect of improving the Paris exchanges, and probably turn the bullion tide in our favour. 1 THE DISCOUNT MARKET. In spite of this drain of specie, which a year or two since would have occasioned grave dis- quietude among our money lords, the discount market has maintained the quietude and ease to which we are now getting accustomed. The rates for a season were a shade firmer, owing to provision having to be made for Australian bills arriving at maturity. Good commercial paper is still scarce, and although V> has been asked, choice bills are accepted at 15 Trade bills having four to six months to run are negotiated at from two to three per cent. On the Stock Exchange the supply of money is very large, and the rate is nominally one per cent, against Government securities. The steady advance in the price of cotton is watched by capitalists with considerable interest, and it is hoped that through a revival of activity in this important staple, a general improvement and consequent increased demand for money may ensue. In consequence of the favourable tendency of the Indian exchanges, it is believed that henceforward the whole of the gold which will reach Point de Galle by the steamers from Australia will be forwarded to this country, instead of the greater portion being sent to Calcutta and Bombay, as has been the case for a long time past. AUSTRALIAN SECURITIES. The market for Australian Government securities continues good, and debentures have changed hands in large amounts during the month at the annexed quotations. New Zealand securities have improved immensely of late, the action of the General Government in guaranteeing the debentures of the various provinces being viewed with great favour. This ought to be a proof to that colony that a timely liberality is the most profitable policy in the end, for had there been any hitch respecting these Provincial debentures, discredit would cer- tainly have been cast upon all New Zealand stock, and it would have been difficult for that colony to raise a loan in this market on any terms. Below are the latest quotations of Australian securities and shares same. or Bonds 2 ".' ex P. P.3| Names of Companies, c. Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Shares] 20 Stock Stock Stock 20 4 p GOVERNMENT STOCKS. 100 i Victoria Government, 6 per cent. (Jan and July) 100 'Do., do. (April and Oct.) .. 100 NcwSoutUWolCB,5porccnt,, | 1871 to 1876. 100 Do., do., 1888 to 1892 100 Do., do., 1867 to 1875 100 South Australian, 6 per cent. | (Jan. and July) 100 'MclbounioCorporation,6pcr ) cent. (May and Nov.) 100 Gcoloiur Corporation, 6 per cent (May and Nov.) 100 Queensland, Open cent. (Jan and July). 106 New Zealand, 6 per cent. a (General Government) .. 100 Do., 3 per cent. 100 Do., 6 per cent. (Canterbury) 100 Do., 6 per cent. (Otago) .. 100 Do., 6 per cent. (Auckland) I COMl'ANIKS'BONDB. 100 Melbourne and Hobson's I Bay Railway, 6 per cent. I Bouda (1880) 100 I Do., 6 per cent., 1895 BANKS. 20 New South Wales. 40 Australasia. 26 Union of Australia. South Australia. London Chartered of Australia. English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Oriental . New Zealand. Victoria. Otago. Chartered Bank of India, Australia, and China National of Australasia MINES. Yudanamutana of Southern. tralia . Scottish Australian Mining. Kapunda, S. A. Worthing- Copper, S.A. Yorke Peninsula MISCELLANEOUS. Australian Agricultural Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance English and Australian Copper. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway. New Zealand Trust and Loan New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Panama, New Zealand, and Australian Royal Mail Do. do. , Peninsular & Oriental Steam Do. do., now, 1867 .. South Australian Land Trust and Agency of Australasia . Van Diemen's Land North British Australasian.. Peel River Land and Mineral Scottish Australian Invest- ment . All 091 95 100 108 '105 101 103 107 08 108 105 105 176 61 Idls. | dis. 10 H i 40-50 at 25 ex div. 41 not 03 so 2 The quotations include the accrued interest on debentures. GOVERNMENT SECURITIES. English Government securities have under- gone considerable fluctuations during the month. Ten days ago the appearance of the funds was very discouraging, Consols, re- ] ceding-at one time as low as 925 to 02. Nearly all departments of the Stock Exchange were more or less adversely affected, in sympathy with the rather sharp decline in Consols. The causes of the depression in this department were the heavy bullion export which has so long been going on -.the^rumoured^attempts of the Egyptian Viceroy to raise another enormous loan ; the introduction of the remaining portion of a loan for a Russian railway, and. the foreshadowing of other similar applications ; the growing certainty that the Abyssinian expedition will involve us in an expenditure of at least fifteen to twenty millions sidling, and the telegraphic intimation that the Egyptian troops were ad v ancing into Abyssinia, thus leading to additional complication s and some influence was exercised, too. by the serious illness of Lord Derby, and the. political changes it might speedily necessitate. Some of these causes of alarm happily abated after the lapse of a few days, and a steady improvement has since set in > Foreign stocks and railway shares have experienced marked fluctuations, arising partly from special causes affecting particular stocks, and partly from speculative operations. LOANS AND NEW UNDERTAKINGS. A prospectus has been issued of the Australian United Gold-mining Company (Limited), with a capitalist £50,000, in shares of COs., to purchase certain mines at Fryer's Creek, in the colony of Victoria,, which have been favourably reported upon by Mr. Kitts, mining surveyor to your Government. The purchase- money is to be £12,000 in cash and £13,000 in paid-up shares. The operation ' is undertaken by the "Mining Association (Limited)." The long-dreaded French Loan was announced in the Moniteur of the 27th alt and when it was known that the amount was only £17,000,000, a feeling of relief was experienced in financial circles, since a loan of much larger magnitude had been foreshadowed, and had weighed very heavily upon the market, besides which the fact that the instalments are to be spread over twenty months was regarded by many persons as an indication that peace is not likely to be disturbed at present. The actual deficit acknowledged by the Finance Minister is £7,000,000. At the same time, an increase of various items of expenditure amounting to £3,280,000 is to be incurred during the next two years, while an additional total of £7,480,000 is to be devoted to the reform of the war materials of the army and navy. The whole of these sums make an aggregate of £18,320,000, showing an excess of £720,000 on the amount of the loan to be raised. The loan is to be negotiated by public subscrip- tion, and applications are to be received early in March. The Hungarian Railway Loan, introduced on the 24th ult. at Paris, Pesth, Frankfort, Vienna, and London, was only moderately successful. At Frankfort it met with no support in Paris, the response was not quite equal to what was expected ; of London, we have no report in Hungary, the subscriptions reached 26,000,00011. and altogether, half the amount offered, it is said, has been taken equivalent to £4,000,000. Messrs. Thomson, Bonar, and Co. have invited subscriptions for £2,500,000 Five per Cent. Stock of the Orel Vitebsk (Russian) Railway, being the remainder of an authorised loan of £4,500,000, of which £2,000,000 was issued in June last. The subscription price in to be 75, representing a money total of £1,875,000. _ The bonds are to be redeemed at par by a sinking fund within a term of eighty-five years, and the guarantee of the Russian Government, instead of being in any way dependent on the working of the line, is "absolute and unconditional. The price at which the former issue took place was 774 (Consols then being 941), and the last official , quotation for them was 750 to J. The ordinary Russian five per cent, bonds stand at 80, leaving, as regards cheapness, a margin of eleven percent in favour of the new security. Scrip is at a premium. It is proposed to consolidate the state debts of the Bey of Tunis into a six per cent stock, and a commission has been established in Paris for this purpose. The conversion commenced on the 20th inst. The operation encounters considerable opposition, and its success is doubtful. Messrs. Von Erlangen and Sons, of Frank for t and Paris, have contracted for a loan of about £1,000,000 for Finland. The old four and a half per cent, loan of that province, stands at about 81 and as this price would not in the present state of affairs be likely to attract London investors, the subscriptions have been limited to Frankfort and Hamburg, where the security is known. The Anglo-Australian Bank, together with Messrs. Von Erlongei and Sons and Messrs. Springer, have contracted with the Crown Prince Rodolphe Railway an issue of 12,500,000 florins of bonds and 12,500,000 of shares guaranteed five per cent, in sterling by the Austrian Government. The subscrip- tion is to take place at Frankfort and in Vienna. EGYPTIAN FINANCE. Conflicting rumours, which have disquieted the Stock Exchange, have reached us during the month from Alexandria, relative to further financial operations between the Viceroy of Egypt and some foreign bankers. One account states that his Highness has concluded a contract with an obscure Paris firm for a seven per cent, loan for 200 millions of francs (£8,000,000 sterling), for forty one years, at 75, with the option of bringing it up to 200 millions. The object avowed is the unification of the foreign loans and the float- ing debt of Egypt. The Messrs. Oppenheim, bankers, are understood to have made the Viceroy an offer, but he was loth to accept it, because it would bind him to that individual firm. These everlasting borrowings exercise a very damaging effect upon Egyptian stock, and are provoking loud remonstrances. 1 FINANCIAL. Notwithstanding the redemption of the six per cent, loan of between £2,000,000 and £3,000,000, contracted in 1847 for twenty years the United States' debt during the past month has experienced an increase of £1,800,000. Subscriptions were invited, on the 10th and 11th inst, simultaneously in London, Vienna, and Pesth, towards the establishment of an Anglo-nungarian Bank, with a capital of £1,000,000, in shares of 20. The council of directors is to consist of a Hungarian committee of eight and an English committee of five or seven ; the chief manager will be Mr. Stein,' the seat of the bank will be at Pesth, and the London and Vienna bankers and agents will be the Anglo-Australian Bank, i Forty per cent, of the amount of each share is to be paid up previously to the commencement of operations. A prospectus has been issued of the Java. Company (Limited), with a capital of £100,000, in shares of £2 each, to work; the Java. gold and silver mine in the Chontales district of Nicaragua. Four-fifths of the capital have been already taken up and paid upon by the shareholders in the Central American Association, and only the remaining fifth is now offered for subscription. The directors of the National Bank of Liverpool (Limited and Reduced) notify that they are about to apply to the Court of Chancery for an order to confirm a resolution recently passed by the shareholders, for the reduction of the capital of the undertaking from 30,000 shares of £100 each, to 30,000 shares of £25, and that all acceptances, drafts, or endorsements of the company not yet due will, if required, be retired under rebate at bank rate on presentation at the bank in Liverpool. The National Bank of Liverpool is the first to take this step, which has been pronounced impossible and impracticable by some. As proving that the depositors have not objected to the reduction of the liability of the shareholders, it is mentioned that not a single account has been withdrawn from the bank in consequence of this measure. Under a new charter of incorporation just granted by the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, the South Australian Banking Company will henceforth be known as the " Book of South Australia." Mr. Richard Gibbs (of the late firm of Gibbs, Ronald, and Co.) has accepted a seat at the London board of the Colonial Bank of Australasia. Subscriptions are being invited on the Continent for a loan of 4,070,000 t balers at six per cent, interest, for the construction of a railway from Helsingfors to St. Petersburg, to be issued at OGLE, and to be redeemed at par in forty-three years and a half. The contractors are Messrs. Erlangen and Sons, of Frankfort, the Vereins Bank, and Messrs. 11 at ter, and Messrs. Noble and Co., of Hamburg. DIVIDEND MEETINGS. English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank.- At the meeting, on the 27th ult., it was mentioned that batt of the £10,000 which had beenvoken from the reserve to make up losses had since been replaced ; deposits were increasing and the prospects of the business were improving;, The dividend proposed in the report was accepted. Scottish Australian Investment Company. -At the half-yearly meeting on the 31st ult. the report of the directors, which stated that the balance to the credit of the profit and loss account for the six months ending June 30, 1867, in Australia, and December 31, 1867,, in London, amounted to £13,021, and which recommended a dividend at the rate of ten per cent, per annum, free of income-tax leaving £0,176 to the credit of the reserve, fund, was unanimously received and -adopted-- -.' y. New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company On the 7th inst., the report and balance-sheet were submitted and adopted. Out of the not profit,; amounting to £11,409 4s. 8d., a dividend of ten percent, was declared, £5000 was carried to the reserve fund, and £1922 to next account. English and Australian Copper Company. The report, presented on the 20th, states that there is a profit, of £8,702 on the operations of the year ended 30th June last, after carrying £510 to the credit of the reserve fund for interest thereon, From this amount £1,589 has. to be deducted for over- valuation of copper on the 30th June, 1860, and £175 excess of profit. A dividend of 1s. per share was declared in August last, and the directors recommended a further dividend of 1s. per share, payable on the 1st March, free of income tax. The reserve fund now amounts to £11, 669. Australian Trust Company The shareholders were convened on the 14th inst., with a view to the undertaking being registered as, a limited company. Australian Agricultural Companys special meeting was held yesterday, when an interim dividend of 7s. 6d. per share was declared. The cash in hand at the end of the half year was £4,384. The London and County Bank has paid on the year, dividend and bonus combined, twenty per cent. Electric and International Telegraph Com- pany In their report for the past six months the directors intimate with regret that they have no definite information to communicate with regard to the purchase of the telegraphs by the Government. They add that as the notice in the Gazette of the 15th of November, announcing the intention of the Government to introduce a bill for the purpose of authorising the Postmaster-General to purchase telegraphs in the United Kingdom by agreement was not followed by a copy of the bill being deposited, j as is usual, before private bills are introduced into Parliament, they addressed the Treasury and Post-office asking for a copy, but that, although a promise was given in each case to send copies as soon as they were ready, none have been received up to this date. In relation to the business of the company during the half-year, it is stated that the receipts have amounted to £179,279, against £172,710 in the corresponding half of 1860, and that the available balance is £76,730, out of which the usual dividend at the rate of ten per cent, per annum is recommended, leaving £21,613 to be added to the trust fund, after appropriating £5,000 to the staff of the company as a bonus in acknowledgment of faithful and zealous service. Mediterranean Extension Telegraph Com- pany The directors report that the revenue of the post as compared with the two previous half-years has considerably improved. The credit sum of £5,398 2s., as shown by the accounts, is due almost equally from the i Italian Government and the leases of the Malta and Alexandria line, and the company will shortly receive a considerable proportion of this amount. The cables continue in good working order, and no expenditure has been inclined upon them during the past half year. The directors recommend the payment of a dividend of 8s. per share on the preference, less income tax, and 3s. per share, free of income tax, on the ordinary shares, carrying the balance of £576 5s. 8d. to the reserve fund. GREAT EASTERN STEAMSHIP COMPANY. The report stated that a French company had agreed to charter the vessel during 1867, to ply between France and the United States. 'The cost of her fitting out so crippled that company that, at the end of the first voyage, the contract was abandoned. The charterers had only paid two monthly instalments for the vessel's hire, and left £21,461 claims for wages, harbour dues, and freights unpaid, which the Great Eastern Company had had partially to meet. The ship had been an yesteday the creditors, but with the exception of £1,500 for wages, then paid into court, the board would resist all claims, and would sue the charterers for breach of contract. At the meeting the report was adopted and various schemes were proposed for the ship's future employment. The chairman drew attention to the fact that there are other telegraphic cables yet to be laid, and that the Great Eastern is the only ship which can accomplish such undertakings successfully. The present cost of keeping her is £70 a week. BANK OF AUSTRALASIA. The annual meeting of the proprietors of the Bank of Australasia will be held on the 23rd of March. FAILURES AND LIQUIDATIONS. Advices from Liverpool announce the fail- life of Messrs. Gilchrist. Smith, and Co., shipowners, but their unsecured liabilities are stated not to exceed £7,000. The creditors have decided that the estate shall be wound up under inspection. Messrs. Joseph Welch and Sons, ironmasters of Tipton, have placed their affairs in the hands of their solicitors. The amount of liabilities has not transpired. A Dublin firm in the grocery trade has failed, with liabilities amounting to about £32,000, caused chiefly by speculations in the London tea market. The assets are expected to realise about 6s. in the pound. The firm of Gillespie, Churchill, and Co., which failed April, 1866 a few weeks before the panic-with liabilities for more than half a million sterling, has just declared a first dividend of sixpence in the pound, and the expectation is that a further 3d. will complete the winding-up of the estate. The whole of the losses were incur red in four years' trading, and some information as to the process by which credit to that extent could have been gained, and the amount dissipated, might have furnished an instructive lesson. But nothing of this kind is to be looked for, and the case will merely be a supplement to that of Fox, Halliday, and Co., who stopped in November, 1854, with liabilities estimated at £2,000,000, after having figured among the most extensive importers of East Indian produce, and who last year paid 6d. in the pound as a fast, and it is believed, a final dividend. The Times suggests that an efficient inquiry would possibly show that the creditors, including joint- stock banks and discounters in general, were quite as greedy and reckless as the debtors. The latter, indeed, are often the more tools and agents of the former. The animadversions of the leading journal produced a crop of letters confirmatory and illustrative of the above explanation. OVEREND, GURNEY, AND CO.'S AFFAIRS. A meeting of the creditors of Overend, Gurney, and Co. has been held, to consider the late report of the liquidators, and to decide on the course to be taken with reference to the balance of the claims due, Resolutions were passed to the effect that the interest on the full amount due to the creditors should be at the rate of four per cent., and the balance should be met by three equal instalments, at six, twelve, and eighteen months, from the 1st of January, 1868 promissory notes to that effect being signed by the representatives of the shareholders. Should this arrangement fail to be carried out, an application will be made to the Vice-Chancellor to order a call of the remaining £15 per share. Mr. Oppenheim's services are to be recognised by a testimonial, derived from subscriptions of one half-penny in the pound on the whole amount of the creditors' debts. A case has arisen out of the failure of Overend, Gurney, and Co., which has created great consternation and perplexity on the Stock Exchange. A judgment has been given in the Court of Common Pleas which will place "dealers" in stock in an intolerable position, and render business transactions perilously hazardous. The circumstances are briefly these. The plaintiff, Mr. Grissell, was a holder of shares in Overend, Gurney, and Co. at the time of the stoppage of that company, and wishing to get quit of the liability (£35 on each £50 share sold them in the market at a heavy loss. In accordance with the ordinary course of business, they passed through the hands of a dealer or jobber who practically acts as middleman between buyer and seller. On the arrival of the settling day, the dealer (Mr. Bristowe in this case) gave the names of the transferees who had agreed to purchase the shares. The transfers were regularly execu cuted by Mr. Grissell, but the books being closed, the transaction could not be completed. The plaintiff being thus retained on the register of shareholders had to pay a heavy call, and sought his remedy against the dealer through whom the shares were sold. The Court gave its decision in the plaintiff's favour-to the surprise of every- body. The decision is totally at variance with the usage of the Stock Exchange, and renders dealing in shares as intermediary between buyer and seller so risky that considerable agitation has since prevailed among that a body of traffickers. A meeting was at once convened to take the matter into considera tion, when it was unanimouslyfesplved^that the case should, be carried tojit'higher tribunal. , A committee was appointed to. watch over the whole"qu'estion,sond( to take such practical steps as may be; deemed necessary to protect parties dealing in shares of companies. One inconvenient result of, this strange decision is, that the stockbrokers have come to the determination to discontinue quotations in those companies where a large portion of the capital remains unpaid. The ordinary percentage paid to dealers for such transactions does not warrant such ruinous liability as the judgment of the Court implies and imposes. ' , RAILWAY COMPANIES. After the panic which has so long prevailed in respect to railway property, and the desponding views generally entertained as to its value for investment, it is satisfactory to find that the dividends just declared are mostly in excess of the anticipations indulged, although the accounts have undoubtedly been framed with more than usual regard to the eyes of shareholders, and possibly investigating committees. In some instances stress has been laid on the bona- fide character of the profits announced, and credit has been taken for a distribution of charges on sound and impartial principles of reckoning. The result has been a general, advance in the market quotations of the leading lines. A marked exception, however, occurs in the case of the Metropolitan Railway, whose shares have been adversely affected owing to an injunction from the Court of Chancery restraining the directors from paying the usual dividend of seven per cent. This intervention has arisen out of an application by Mr. Bloxam, a large holder of stock in the Extension line, who contends that a considerable portion of the £1,000,000 subscribed towards that supplementary branch has been expended for a variety of other purposes. Capitol has been diverted to revenue account and Vice-Chancellor Wood accordingly in- interdicted the payment of the seven percent, dividend. The directors, contesting this I judgment, issued a circulargivingtheirreasons for dissent, and, bowing to the order of the Vice-Chancellor pending an appeal, announced that there was a clear available balance admitting of a dividend of 53 per cent. ad interim. Even this attempt at evasion was appealed against by Mr. Bloxam, on behalf of himself and brother shareholders but the Vice-Chancellor, while characterising the conduct of the directors as highly irregular, declined any further interfere ence. In the directors' appeal case, meanwhile, the judgment of the Lord Chancellor, confirming the previous decision, was given on the 19th inst. Pending the decision, which was awaited with great interest, owing to its extensive bearing on railway administration in general, the dealers declined to transact business in Metropolitan stock ex the dividend, though the price was quoted ex dividend in the official list, and the money had actually been paid. Negotiations are now going on for a compromise, the terms of which are said to be that the plaintiff and his friends are willing to withdraw their bill on the condition of the extension and ordinary stocks being placed on a footing of equality the same dividends in future and for the past half-year being assigned to each, and the Vice-chancellor injunction being discharged by consent and application of the plaintiff. No authorised information, however, has yet been received that the arrangement is entertained or assented to by the company. THE RAILWAYS. The report of the Midland Committee of Consultation was issued early in the month, and was presented to the half-yearly meeting of proprietors on the 10th inst. This report excited a general feeling of disappointment. Instead of dealing in a trenchant manner with the mischievous policy of the directors, it censures, regrets, and lets matters take their course. A conviction is expressed of the integrity of the accounts, and of the zeal and good intentions of the officers ; but there is little disposition to rescind the enormous commitments of the board. Its extravagance and miscalculations are deplored, but it is too late to rectify them. The report of the financial condition of the London and Brighton Railway, from the pen of the new chairman, Mr. Laing, has an scared. It cost that ubi o financier six months to prepare it out of the chaos into which twelve years of mismanagement had plunged the affairs of the company. When Mr. Laing left the board, in 1855, the capital of the company was £8,000,000, it is now £16,000,000, and he pledges himself to the fact, as revealed by his own investigations, that this second eight millions of capital has not produced a single additional sixpence of net profit to the concern. It has been squandered in litigation and in the construction of unprofitable branch and rival lines. in all directions an approach to the fede- rative system among railways continues to be observable. It is stated that an arrangement has been proposed between the Committee of Consultation of the Midland Railway and the directors of the London and North-Western, as to the terms which the latter are prepared to offer with respect to the use of the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway, so as to avoid the making of the Settle- and Carlisle line by the Midland Company. The directors of the London and North-western are understood to be prepared to give the use of the Lancaster and Carlisle at lent to be agreed upon, or to share it jointly with the Midland. With respect to other portions of the system where the two lines come into competition, or where duplicate lines exist, the London and North-Western have expressed a willingness to agree with the Midland on the same terms as those which they have made with the Manchester and Sheffield Company with respect to their line to Sheffield. COMMERCIAL MORALITY. It is of good augury to see Liverpool the very hot-bed of speculation- bestirring itself in an attempt to purify trade and commerce from the scandals which have so long dis- graced them. Some of the leading gentlemen connected with the Chamber of Commerce perceive that, owing to the laxity of our bankrupt laws, and the loose commercial maxims which have come to be adopted in all departments of trade, the very foundations of confidence and trust between nianandmanaro giving way and at a meeting on the 29th inst., suggestions were offered whereby something of the old English honour and integrity might be restored to the trading classes of the nation. The speakers confessed frankly enough that late events had exposed the character of mercantile men to discredit; they complained that fraud not only was not discouraged, but was often rewarded and they considered that such evils in the upper ranks of the commercial world must propagate the mischievous tendency throughout all below them. One speaker contended that some effectual check should be put on the promoters of bubble companies. And the feeling was general that a bankruptcy law of far greater and more searching stringency should be enacted, whereby scoundrelism should be unmasked and punished. The immediate outcome of the meeting was the appointment of a committee including merchants and lawyers to consider what changes should be made in our legal system in order to abate the flagrant scandal. Just about the period of this demonstra- tion and protest against national dishonesty, The Times was exposing a shameful practice of manufacturing fraud which is rapidly un- dermining our foreign trade in cotton goods. A custom has sprung up of late years in the Lancashire cotton mills of mixing China clay with the material to an extent that renders the fabric rotten and worthless. The dis- honesty of the adulteration is gradually, so far as India is concerned, working a cure by the substitution in that country and in America of fabrics of native manufacture. In India, seventy-five percent, of native produce is now being sold in the bazaars. IMPORTANT LEGAL DECISION. Another sign of the growth of a healthier feeling in regard to the culpability of direc- tors and managers of public companies, who wilfully mislead the public by fallacious pro electrics and balance-sheets, is seen in the issue of a recent trial in the Exchequer Court. The shareholders of Overend, Gurney, and Co. failed in their attempt to obtain restitution of the sums they had risked through the seductive, but fraudulent, representations of the new allies of the old partners; but, on the 18th inst., after proceedings extending over five days, a verdict was given by a special jury which compels the managing director of the London and Colonial Company to disgorge no less a sum than £35,000 to a victim who had by his deceptive representations been fleeced to that amount. As a precedent establishing the responsibility and liability of financial directors the case is of immense importance. Perhaps, now, a few more of our highly-placed thieves may be overtaken by similar punishment. The following summary of the cases is given by The Times, and will be of interest to many persons in Australia ; "In 1859 a concern was founded called the London and Colonial Company, to carry on the business of hop merchants, warehouse keepers, maltsters, and coopers, to supply the Australian'coloniesjwithifops, malt, and beer, and for that purpose to take over an C'xjstihgjuowcry'at Burton-on-Trent. Dividends were declared at the rate of twelve and a half per cent. "per annum until 1865, when 1729 unallotted shares were offered to the public, and Mr. Joseph Crossley, of Halifax, was induced among others to subscribe for a portion, on which first and last, he paid £35,000. On the 2nd of March, 1867, it tumed out that the company was mined, and awas placed undervblirntaryliquidation. Mr. Crossley thereupon inst' ruled" an investigation through Messrs. Cooper Brothers, the accountants, and enough having been discovered to show that the terms of the prospectus announcing the issue of the new shares were wholly deceptive, he instituted an action against Mr. Frederick Thomas Elworthy, of Heathfield, Streatham, who had acted as managing a director), " for restitution of the?" £351000 he had contributed, which action has resulted in a verdict against Mr. Elworthy for the full amount. The trial, throughout its long continuance, excited extraordinary interest on the part of persons connected with public companies, and among the points which came out in evidence were the fact that the early and uniform dividends of 124 per cent, were more or less fictitious, and that; a , surplus of £80,000 equally fictitious had also been alleged to exist at the time when the new shares were put forth, which surplus the concoctors of the new issue principally divided among themselves in the shape of six per cent debentures. It, also appeared 'that consignments of beer, &c;, to distant ports to the amount of £207,000, against which bills were drawn and which only actually realised about £115,000, had been so i dealt with in the accounts as to be wholly Kept from the knowledge of the now shareholders ; and, in fact, the entire case was developed with so much clearness that the jury occupied but a few minutes in arriving at their decision. To the energy of Mr. Crossley, and his determination at any cost of time and money to probe the affair to the bottom as a duty to the public, the advantage of these disclosures appears to be solely owing, since within the past two years hundreds of such cases have been allowed to drop out of sight from the victims being without means or courage to take proceedings." TRADE, EMIGRATION, CC. There has been a sudden revival of specula- tion in cotton, and a spring, consequently, from the low prices which for some time prevailed. The corn market is still firm, and quotations, after receding slightly, have again advanced. The Colonial wool sales in London will commence to-morrow the 27th. The arrivals on the 10th inst. had reached a total of 61,853 bales, of which 13,232 were Victorian : total Australasian, 34,340. and Cape of Good Hope, 27,513. In the Liverpool sales of miscellaneous wools, which lasted from the 4th to the 7th inst., the following quantities were offered: 5,100 ballots Peruvian, 2,032 bales Lima and Chili, 2,081 Magador Sfax, 1,129 Georgian, Turkey, 1,002 Egyptian, Smyrna, 942 Donskoi, 801 River Plate, 515 Cordova and St. Jago, 723 Spanish, 1,418 sundries 15,2 bales. About' 6,500 bales found buyers. The attendance of the home trade was good, and there was rather more steadiness and spirit than we have of late been accustomed to, but prices show no change. The commercial accounts from America continue to show an extraordinary falling off in the trade with this and other countries the value of the goods imported at New York in January having been only about £1,910,000, against £2,990,000 in the same month of last year, and £3,600,000 in 1866. The exporta- tion of gold, however, has been £1,400,000, against £500,000 in each January of the two preceding years. At the same time the im- port trade is threatened with a serious blow by a bill introduced into the House of Representatives to abolish the bonded warehousing, system. A circular from Mr. K. M. Page gives the particulars of the shipments of specie to the East during the last eight years, from 1860 to 1867 inclusive. The average has been £14,401,100. From the year 1860, when the amount was £13,500,372, there was an increase to £24,318,189 in 1864, the highest total ever reached, and from that point a decline took place, which assumed extraordinary features last year, when the exportation was only £3,659,154. U-LEGIUPUIC CABLES. The telegraphic service to China, via St. Petersburgh und Kiachta, will re- open to-morrow, the 18th, for the season. The time occupied in the transmission to Shanghai was about twenty to twenty-five days lost season, and as extra couriers have been put on, it is now expected to be reduced to eighteen days. The agency is at the office of the London and China Telegraph, 2Covvper's court, Cornhill. It has been announced in the Lisbon journals that a commission has been granted by the Portuguese Government to Mr. Edward Medlicott, banker, of Lisbon, and Mr. Thos. Rumball, CK., of London, for the establishment of a submarine telegraph between Fal- mouth and Oporto, from Oporto to the' Azores, and thence to North America. It is stated that the line will be constructed upon' Allan's principle of deep-sea cables, and that, the total cost of a through line between the two continents will not exceed £600,000. The line is be laid in sections, and, upon the completion of each, it is to be opened to the public. Telegraphic communication between Malta and Alexandria has again been interrupted since the 2nd inst. The fault is near Benghazi. ENGLISH SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVALS. Agnes Rose, at Gravesend, from Sydney. Australian, at Deal 10th February, from Melbourne. Ballarat, at Gravesend 22nd February, from Auckland. Coonatto, at Deal 3rd February, from Adelaide. Chrlstabella, at Deal 3rd February, from Melbourne. Calypso, at Deal 10th February, from Adelaide Gaol a, at Deal 3rd February, from Adelaide. i George Thompson, at Deal 17th February, from Melbourne. J. M. Joshua, at Gravesend, from Melbourne. Kosciusko, at Gravesend from Melbourne. Marquis of Argyle at Deal 3rd February, from Adelaide. Star of Peace, at Gravesend 13th February, from Melbourne. Wimmera, at Deal 1st February, from Melbourne. Yorkshire, at Gravesend, from Melbourne. Young Australia, at Gravesend 10th February, from Moreton Bay. i DEPARTURES. Anglesey, from Deal 14th February, for Port Phillip. Alma, from Deal 14th February, for Sydney Beatrice, from Gravesend 12th February, for Melbourne. Gloucestershire, from New-port 6th February, for Melbourne, Hoang He from Deal 5th February, for Adelaide. Indus, from Gravcsond712th February, for Port Phillip. s ' Lincolnshire, from Gravesend 22nd February, for Port Phillip. " Lucibelle, from Gravesend 4th February, for Port Phillip, Lady Louisa, from Deal 10th February,' for Swan. River. Natalia, from Gravesend 8th February, for Port Phillip. Nineveh, from Deal 7th February, for Sydney. Ninhon, from Deal 14th February, for Otago. , Princess Alexandra, from Liverpool 19th February, for Melbourne. Pak Wan, from Gravesend 6th February, for Geelong. Rimac, from Liverpool 11th February, for Sydney. Racehorse, from Gravesend 12th February, for Auckland. Shun Lee, from Deal 8th February, for Adelaide. Latolla, from Deal 5th February, for Port Phillip. Sea King, from Liverpool 28th January, for Melbourne. Sovereign of India, from Deal 5th February, for Sydney. Seagull, from Liverpool 8th February, for Melbourne. W. W. Smith, from Liverpool 11th February, for Sydney. VESSELS LOADING. i s AT LONDON. . ' For Melbourne.-Northumbria, Golden Horn, Glen Cora, Kent, Vanguard, Kosciusco, Sir William Wallace, Wimmera, Star of Peace, Jerusalem, J. M. Joshua, Geo. Thompson, Superior. For Sj dnoj-.-Liberator, Strathdon, Devonport, Brucklay Castle, Alexander Duthie, Marquis of Argyle, Australian, Walter Hood, Storm King. For Adelaide.-Camnjah, Evangeline, Coonatto, Goolwa, Pekina, Carnaquheen. For Moreton Bay. Abbotsford, Light Brigade, Zelandia, Young Australia. For Hobart Town. Naiad. For Swan WA er.-Palestine. For New'Zealand.-Constance, Coleroon, Ajmeer, H. Adderley. AT Liviutroo For Melbourne-Hobart Kerr, Naval Reserve, Seagull, Daphne, Explorer. Duke Edinburgh. For S) dney.-Zemindar. For Adelaide.-Alchj mist. ' AT GLASGOW. For Melbourne. Cow ay Castle. VESSELS SPOKEN WITH Star Queen, Gibraltar to Melbourne, 11th October. 7deg. N., 2Weg. W. - . . Mary Edith, Liverpool to Sydney 20th December, Sides. E , , ,. , Printed and published by Huon Ononos, at The Argus Office, Collins street, Melbourne, for WtUKM and MAtKLKaos, proprietors. 