! : UNDER ' THE VERANDAH. ? ; What is to be said: about politios ? Of course, there are all sorts of rumors; His Excellency f thinks, ? they say, of getting; bis former advisers from Port of Spain, Trinidad, to see ' what they can make ont of the Duke's de rspatohea. If the gentlemen come bv the first Panama mail, it will only postpone matters for three or four months more ; and, of course, Parliament can, in the meantime, as hitherto, go on adjourning onoe a week until further notice. And who can tell what may turn up in the meautime ? His' jExcellenoy happily combines the 'qualifications of the Eoinan Fabius and the British' Mioawber. Something must fiarn up if a man waits long enough. Something did turn up for Micawber (and in Australia too), so the reasonable inference is that something will torn np for his Excellency fbpfore Parliament wears out its Bhoes and be comes grey-headed to a man. If. his Excellency- , cannot decide whether to return to the em braces of his Higinbbtham or tb betake himself to fresh fields and pastures new with Sladen, : let him'do: what- a sporting friend of mine al ways does when in doubt whether to buy any particular shares or not— let him toss up ! 'There' would be some glimmering of sense in ?such u proceedings-there iB. none in the pre sent mental torpor ! of the Queen's lieutenant. There issuch a thing-as moral pusillanimity— ? not incompatible with physical1 courage— and, I fe|ar, his bewildered Excellency is not unac c[uainted with the'appareht paradox. 'r ;Alphonse has' been 'having it all his own Way in Collins-street this week. Narcisse has been disturbing the'1 dreams of fair young Victorian girls. . Who could resist the breadth of his .military skirts— ithe bagginefls of his breeches— the graceful' protuberance of his thickly pactdea chest ? MonBieur Crapaud has been pojiie, as he always is. His demeanor i self-confident,' , but tmobtrusive. A perfect belief, that ther'e'.was' nothuig 'about him 'Which the most ;skilfui aa%iiisateur could add tp or improve— no room, in fact, for oritioism : or fault finding. ' Poor Jearinot, upon whom the lot feU in1, the' last ' ;consoriptfoh, is men tally contrasting the Wisp of 'straw-colored hair 'a^ theb^ck 6i that stylish '?'.girl's head with me high Normandy c'appf little Jeannette , who still lets 'fall an 'occasional tear for him at ves pprsiuthe.dusk. Quite a/iriew aspect do they giveour prosaic streets/these singular French colonists. OiiS ' can 'hardly imagine one of those tightly-strapped -warriors hoeing sugar canes in t&e; teppics, or splittiiag wood for the cpoiring of the. mid-day 'sortp. J 'Can one indeed conceive Cttmiile witWut his cbit' ? There is sometoing almost unnatural in the idea. Im pbrturbabl^ 'polite as ^\ye)l as brave are these moiistaohed ^^ coinrades^' ;r'A6hille salutes with courtesy even ' I-iok ' I^a&Salibv.er;, f rom whose 'rimarkable'vehicie halfa dozen br the soldiers o? Frande'h^ve;'3ustd^srfende!dy^lp'p^^ dnced, 'iand( ;therintervjew.'is.;curiously pro longed. Didk hasn't of teii'had' such a chance. Coin aftercoiri is dropped, into his.unrpluctant $md I am bound to admit) unwashedpalm, and still'he demands 'raorei I-icb/ lite the hero iofJa;modem Waterloo,1 feels it to be tradition iaily inenmberit upon hini to get the, better of the' soldiers1 of the 'Empire.' How many 'francs were paid for transport from the new ?PJost Office to the Bank .of ijTeW South Wales I ' should be afraid to. estimate. ''By., ithe way, what has been done towailds'.weicdnung or en tertaining bur accidental gaests? The soldiers ' of Napoleon fought side' bjy side with the sol diers of England not ; so long since. . ; The Maiakoff, the 'R9dan— Alma and Inkermann— are historic jianieseven here, : Would it not have been a graceful act' ,to .have taken com : bined action in paying sorae.publio courtesy ' to these peaceful invaders bf Victorian terri tory ??' Our Public Library contains evidence of the liberality' of the Emperor— we might lhavtf reoipfocated a little by displaying some 'overt act of hospitality towards his colonist subjects. ' ! Ji O'S. on banking is at once ponderous and amusing. ' The Governor' is all there when ?surrounded by 'the Court' of1 directors, and \- with the satellite sharehelders for an admiring audience. Some wretched proprietor — -a man with views about accountantship— suggested at the late bank meeting an Amendment as to tjie forni of the balance-sheet. ' ' The form of stating the accounts, I apprehend, sir, to be a matter for the officer of the bank rather than for the shareholders and directors.' So spake the oracle, and the snubbed proprietor at once subsides into his bluoher boots, and felt ' sorry he spoke.'! 'iu the matter of the re duction in the interest rate, there were do lightfully vague utterances. '. One shareholder oongratulated the bank upon a reduction of ' one per .cent. ;' the mapager *deplared the reduotiop was '' three'( per cent, ; but J. O'S, to be safe, generalised the reduction to ' two or three' per cent. The manager didn't just then remember, or perhaps prudently forgot, that the rise in the rate of deposit interest was forced upon the other banks by hiraself, and that the shareholders were congratulating each other on the reversal of their own manager's original policy ! 'He thought he could get the other banks' deposits, but he couldn't.' They say that once upon a time there was a run upon the. Colonial Bank, because a newspaper ? nrged upon the bank the selling of its dead so purities in railways. Upon that occasion J. O'S. haranguod the depositors fr,om -the. top of the counter, and whs no^.oyer^ppjite to the news pt^or in fluestion^ The;j' ^pjernpr;Upwcon- ?' gfdtulates thfl proprietors upon getting rid of tho railway shares, which ' for a numbor of years had lain a heavy weight upon the maD ngement and aotion ol thp board.' Although stout, J, O'S. in ftlso cby, Se bad to cay. come - thing about the abundance of accumulated * capital within the colony, and didn't know how to bo explicit upon the point without giving his pplifcioal opponents a leg up. So he got over the fence by crawling under it. 'The increase of moneys in the colony,' he said, ?' was a feature the reasons of which, if they were to dwell upon them, would involve a discussion not appropriate '? to a bank meet ing, because the question why money,- which .'; a few months age;was so scarce and dear, was ? now cheap and; plentiful, partook of the nature of a question of political economy.' (For the future the.businesa of bank meetings will bo comfortably n,arro wed. Statements ©f ,acoount^ are matters for the bank, officers, ,and mustn't . be meddled with. ..: ? The abundance or ; scaroity of , banking , deposits ; ,verge; ; npon political . economy, ^nd mustn'.tube; discussed !??? Even al though so impellent ..an, authority 'has pro-- nounced against -the idea, will Mr ?O'Shanassy believe that people about n Collins-street ; areu disposed to imagine: that bank rates;ofi.' ex- change, the rates of discount,) the rates of in terest, the, charge for.overdraf.ts, the ij price,. of . goldf- and all .other banking, fakements,: are less, the result of supply ; and demand than that ' artistic',' (sic) ;arrangement of the bank/man agers of .which the Governor is so ingenuously.-, innocent?/ ? , ? -.??? ... ?? =? .- '.-??.- ? r;--i» -i-.--^ There hasn't 'been anything; more selebtand, fashionable for a long time than the steeple7 chase at Caulfield. on Saturday last.: 'Those blessed papers' didn't, get wind of ?„? it, - and as thointelligence. of what, was. going on (or coming off) ;pnly passfld. from mouth to mouth, : the.news hadn|t time, to.^ink;tpo low in the/ Eociarscale,., So there wereV carriages by the, scorera(ari^j horsemen , galore,' and all, went, merrily. The .little doctor popped over his ; fences,neatlyreno.ugh (with ,his ,r c^at off), and led the way home fpV Ms -military .riyal. , %ox , was the subsequent event ^ess amusing, as its;.. merits seemed ' , to consist , in the persevering regularity with jvhjfch the rivajyjocks tumbled off, at each alternate fence. -;i -The heavy 5™ight-.: however, gained the day. The, ?worst was rto ? come. Larking oyer : fences, as. hunting, men ougii -not, '.'but will, 'Lieut. Symonds, i jiad,a serious accident, not f ar, I tHink, f rpm the. , place where Mr Aa^lonvWaa^kUiyd whilst douig, the same sort of thing.; ? . ., ,.,-,, ,;r . ,?,,.,,,,.; ? o ? One way or, other, ' Victoria is ,,kept pretty constantly heforeLtiie British, public. , -Apatt from deadlocks and political prises,, and. sundry; trifling little affairs of,£hat, kind, there is al ways somebody giving otlie colony (and him self) an airmg.in piiat. . 9^8 we^k it is. a^clever mining speculator taking, the, changer out of a gentle public wearied of limited liability com-, panies.fbr the manufacture, of fine ipothoombs.. Another week it is , some, pleasant tittle-tattle . from a resident correspondent whov is so. thoroughly; imbued ,;with affection^ for ,ther mother country,, and has ^oohi-a jnpus i.prrpr of 'democratio ^'shpemakera, ^that, he sends, home his worn out Bhoaa^to be .repaired (and saves thereby perhaps .eighjeenpence per^p.airjv But besides these there are. others. r Mr Kitto. announced hmself as 7', Mining ' Surveypr for. Victpria .';'. 'and now I observe a. communication in the Morning jPos«uppny«f Perpetual Pauper- , ism,' signed by 'Edwin, Carton Booth, late In-, . specior of Settlement to the, Government of, Victoria.' Now. what is; an inspector of set: tlement ? One might make, several guesses: without getting at the fact. Commissioner ? Noel 'is in some sense, an .-inspector, of, settle.-:: ment, and both debtors, and, creditors occa-,', sionally feel themselves .rather uncomfortably settled under, 'his, benignant . auspices. Recollecting one 'Carolan,', an .. inspeptpr,_ tinder i the; Land ' Acj;, , .'and, ,, a protege,, of ., Sands, I can .hazardj a guess:jjhat Mr, Booth, was one of ,that class of .inspectors of settle ment.,. It is but fair to say of , him that his letter to the Morning, Post^T^ci. by. the way, evoked a leading article) was of a friendly, tenor— pointing out Australia as a, field for the. energy of the 'pauperised, millions pf the, mother, country. 'There is,' .says .Mr, Booth,... .IJ. at the other* Bi-3[e of the world another. England,., asking in language too plain , to, be: mistaken ? for the privilege of 'giving homes to those who have no homes at. home. The surplus. labor-rT,. the great first cause ef the distress in England ? weuld surely and certainly command^ opm^ fort and weU-doirig in Australia, ,. and the., money expended oh partial reliefs here would, secure a perfect ' cure therel'V. Although all this is well enough, it would be pleasanter,, if English journals were more careful ,ini ob taining some authentic credentials from per-, sons assuming official connection with this or any other colony. , ,. tn, ,,. y, ,;:,.;-, I think the Sidney people are' |ust.a.$tie, touched upon the topic of Fenianism. Tbey won't have it that there 'isn't a Guy Fawkes , arrangemeni on febt somewhere. ., The New, ,', South 'Wales newspapers do not .convey the strong urider- curjreht of .exoitemeht which per- , vades all olasses'of ! Sydney1 Woiety upon' this, Bub'jeot. A correspondent 'yisitin'g.Sy'dn'ey on business, a few daysBinoe, was etruo^ with the' deep hold which certain rumors had' taken of the public mind there. He yirrites:' People talk of nothing but Fernan3 dud' ' Fenianism . _ '_ . The refusal of the Chief ' .Secretary to impart, the contents of O'Farroirs statement to Parli^- . ment is attributed to the Goyernitaeut haying' information of a day ffeed for a 'general rising.' ( They ^say' tnat'tUB-'wna'W/be'telegraphe^blj' the March mail incipherj to^lie, Imperial Go'r') verntneht ;' that the officer iii'fconiman'd 6fr'the' maiV'bbat, andl)!wlio was Wfrusted1 with.these'1 despatohog, h'ad inijoratiye iigfyactions to, per mit no'boa'Vtpiieave the 'mail 'steiimer at Gallo;' for 'a c'orjtain^numb'Gi-'o'f1 hb.ura' after arrival, ' in ' oriler'tuh,t:rhi3' advice's 'shbuid have' absolute', priority before all others. It is known forcer taia that' despatches (for which the captain of tho mail fitoaiBor had delayed' dogaxfcuro tos three hours) were placed in his hands on board his vessel. The first statements of O'Farrell are implioitly believed in Sydney, and it is thought that later.lettera and coufosaions were dictated to the unhappy man for obvious reasons:' This information 'comes' from an entirely unprejudiced ? quarter, and may be taken for what it is worth'.' : ' ' ' ???:--????? . Is'there; not' Something 'Suggestive in' the ifact that the current value of' the State securi-' ties of Victoria! standiinot only relatively but actually,- higher than the Imperial debt.fpf-the mother country has done at particular periods ? About ;seventy; years ago, on the 20th Septem ber, 1797, three per cent, consols- were sold at ;47§— the lowest price they ever touched, .'For, asix per pent, security this' would be only 90l, and our six per cents are iiyortli lQ7;atk least ! Not' bad for 'the youngster; - ; ''?' '; '' ;''.;' 'y\\\ , I confess that I have befen much ;unpressed by the dasorip'tion of Bernard iMartin'a ghost. . Although he disappeared a^ the ' Colonial Bank (perhaps tbliave his .bankv book: made'Iup), I: ?think I have- seen him since. .-Theidescriptionr is exaot. ;r ,f' He was.very tall,' and ho, wore a .peculiar hat.' .??. Bernard, ^Martin; didn't .lattaphj ?any particular ?? importance .to, .the,-, appjiritionj ?, but only considered the height extraordinary.,, Well, if that, be a symptom .of madness,! aof . knowledge I .haVe '''been similarly astonished.' A careful watcker for awh'ole.' day' m' , C-6liin3- '?' street can' scarcely fail' 'to share' th'e astonish- : meht'of Bernard' Martin aa'd!;myselfj at' dis-' jcoverfng the solution of the mathematical :de'-: finition of a right line— a; living example of* length without breadth.; ;Uu':i';' \ ' '-?'-.?' \ V A little while ago' I 'foreshadowed' a forth coming row^be'tween two _whil6me fasttfriends.1 ,The;hour has Come, (and the evil ?- is imminent. i ? The dogs of law,haY,^;baen: let.slip, iflndjatjjifl : now ;war to the knife. ;;i An. action forr£30,0Q0;, ,has ,ibeen.,cpmmencedil^gainst,.ar leading bank; . by the. other sepUjted, oreditor in , Forlonge's, .estatel 'Itj remains to be seen whether, 4 'your ceyen. Christian' prove himself a matoh'f or tie' .otheir 'party.'. ..'?.'?',','.'''. ' ? '',;' v:'r. .?'.?' '? \\-\ ; . i The ;banks^ dicln't .cjo^e on- ? St. 'G-eorge's (iay^ It can't, I think, be because Mr Higinbptham's,, name is George i that; thej, :, thus; .npglectefl . the ianniversaryi 'of :,England!s /patron ; saint.; I' should iather I hope. !that, like sensible people* th'ey were, for the: fiitur.e-goingi -tb omitsaints^' day's i'fronV the1 b!ankin]g oalendar. ! Theh: proper' saints' day^are tha divided day's. 'By. 'begin- ning witl^'' St. George', I don't suppose St. An drew cfr ^t. Patrick ban grumble at being neg I le'oted ihjfuttire. ''f-.^Viiy 'can't Jpire get a tutelary' .eaint of our own? ;'.., There need be no difficulty rin finding one. George Harker might stand forthe placej;orin default, we, might .canonise Henry Plutus Miller, pr William Tellus Clarke. Black Thursday ;would serve as an appropriate ,d|iy of 'celebration: i ' i ?'? ' ': '??' '?-?? /}1'-^ '; ' ':''!i' ,''?) .'h--- ?..-:. .--.'\\*(-fi ,-;...?, :'c';';jv::.^(JLESi- !'? 