THE PUNSHON TESTIMONIAL. -; From the Christian World. Mr. Punshon. met the members of tho Tes timonial Committee on Monclay last, at Ken nan's Hotel, in Ckeupside, and received the silver salver and cheque which represented the amount of the contributions to the Testi monial Fund, the salver being of U10 value of some forty guineas, and tho cheque 700 guineas. After those nrescnt had nartnken of a breakfast, which was exceedingly well managed, and which did not by any nieanH possess a formal character, the object of the meeting wus stated in a few words by the Chairman, and the Eev. W. Arthur, M.A., read an appropriate address, which he pre faced by some happy lemarks of his own. He referred to the eailier years of Mr. Pun nhon's career, and pleasantly censured those who seemed hastily to arrive at tho oonclu sion that, because there was a considerable amount of the blossom of oratory in connec tion with hw discourses, there could not bo much fruit. Some people thought that a tree with flowers could not possibly he * good sturdy timber tree; but those who had had oppoitunity of judging would ugrce with him that there was many a tree without any flow ers at all that would not cut up for practical purposes half so well. The address which Mr. Arthur tlien read recognised the zealous and multiplied services of Mr. Punshon, es pecially in connection with the fund for the erection of Weslcyan Chapels in watering places, and referred to the wide and attractive influence which lie had exerted beyond the bounds of his own church, concluding with an assurance of continued und earnest attach ment, and of prayerful sympathy. The ad dress was signed by Mr. Sheriff M' Arthur, Mr. .a. i-i ^rinur, ana mr. jtaamuii, trie chairman and treasurers, uud by Mr. J. H. Buzton, the secretary. On receiving the testimonial at the hands of the Chairman, Mr. Punshon wus much moved. Ho assured his friends that so far as he was personally concerned, lie would much rather have dispensed with that manifestation of their attachment, though the gift itself was a source of unalloyed pleasure. He spoke of tho great love and respect which lie enter tained for Mr. Arthur, to whom he said he had been accustomed, before he himself en tered the ministry, to look up as one in whose footsteps lie should like to tread. He had never imagined that there was any sort of in congruity between the cultivation of the graces of style und a determination to deal faithfully with the consciences of men ; and lie hoped he Imd striven to remember in all his sermons, that possibly there were sinners present who might never hear the truth agtyin. !^)tr. Pun. auKiu uijo^i uuvciicu uu iqiq (Tuny iiuijirilllj* ments' as. n Methodist preacher, some of which were in the poorest circuits of the denomina tipn, qnd expressed his belief that it would be well for every young preuoher to have such a traiuing as those circuits afforded. His late friend, Mr. Edward Corderoy, who had a great fancy for arithmetical calculations, had onco expressed to him his belief that, in uu effort which he had made to free from debt the chupelin Spitalfields, he had secured iporefor Methodism in six months tbap ho Uftd; received from the Church during the first ten years of his ministry ; and 6O it was, tho amount which he had received within that period being much below tho £1000 secured for the object named by his lectures. Ho had tried to lend a hearty co-operation to all ' Evangelical churches, and he rejoiced infinitely to think that some of the friends who had attached themselves to the presentation wore members of other churches! He was, however, a Methodist, by intelligent preference, nud though lie did not agree with the policy of some of his brethren, he knew that God never intended nil to be alike, and if they would just allow him to preach and lecture as he could, lie would not find fault with them. As a church they would have., had far greater influence and power at the present day if they had taken to lecturing sooner. Mr. Punshon then dwelt in feeling terms upon the pain which it cost him to sever himself from his friends in England, and the necessity which he felt that he might be sus tained by their prayers, and eloquently eir pressed his ardent desire that the baptism' of tho Holy Ghost might descend upon all the churches of the hind. The Chairman referred in terms of .high eulogy to the ability which Mr. Punshon had displayed in furtherance of the varioiw and important departments of worl^ in which he had been engaged, and declared his bolief that in prosecuting the mission with .which he had been entrusted, having great opportunities, ho would bo made abundantly useful. — Mr. George Moore, in a genial .speech, expressed, his sense of tho great work now being per. formed by the Methodists, and spoke of the benefit which ho had derived from the minis-; try of Mr. Punshon when he wns stationed at Bayswater. — Mr. John Corderoy and the Rev. L. H. Wiseman followed, each expressing the deepest regard for Mr. Punshon, and the lat ter remarking that the church in this country nati been much too generous in permuting him, to undertake his present mission. — Mr. Pun shon then acknowledged his obligation to Mr. M'Arthur, saying how happy lie was to have been in tho sheriff's custody on that occasion. He hoped that, ere long, not only Mr. M'Ar thur, but other gentlemen from the ranks of Methodism, would take their seats in the House of Commons, and he would prefer to see them taking different sides on ordinary politics, but joining together in one concen trated force in defence of Protestant truth. 