LOCAL & GENERAL INTELLIGENCE MURRUMBURRAH. from our correspondent. August 29.— Tho thunder storm recorded by you n your issuo of to-day. and mentioned by your sorrespondents at Burrowa and Ooramundrn. also risitodt his place. The thunder was pretty heavy ind there was agooa ran ot rain or some conunu- ince. The weather, whieh had previously been varm, has sinoe returned to its wintry stylo, festerday and to-day we have had it very cold ind gloomy, with every appearance at present of itorra and rain. Tho most noticeable event I have to Teeord is ;ho starting of the crushing mill at Demondrillo 3reek. The machino was set to work on Tuesday ivening last, and went off in excellent style; sub sequently it has been kept going with a few inter missions, but it is intended now to work it day uid night. This machino is tho property of Messrs. Thomson and Kirkpntrick, and is nomin ally of fifteen horse power, but able to work to kwenty-horso power, having a boiler of that pro portion. The stroke is two feet eight inches; there are twelve stampers of between fire and six hundredweight each ; and the proprietors reckon upon being nble to crush from a hundred to ono hundred and twenty tons weekly. They have he- gun upon a lot of stone from No. 1, Louisa reef, and some time next week I shall be able to report the result. It is thought there will bo better stone produced than that now under the steam hammers, and in larger quantities — the quantity of stono raised, both at No. I. Louisa and the prospeoting claim, being anything but great for tho time tho claims have been worked. The leaseholders in the Murrumburrah reef have, I daro say, 150 tons at surface, and No. I, in tho same reef, have also a fair quantity. The prospecting claim at Dillon's reef I hear very favourably spoken of as to the quality of stone ; they have raised about eighty tons. At no very great distance from the Murrum burrah reef, but nearer tho machine on Domon- drille Creek, a promising claim has been recently opened by permission of Mr Campbell, it being nn some of the purchased land of Demondrille run. The shaft is about fifteen feet down, and about twenty tons of stone have been raised. A few specimens of this stone were carefully pulverised in a mortar and then treated with quicksilver by our clever chemist, Mr Hodgson. Tho result was eleven grains of pure gold from fifty one ounces of quartz or. at the rate of sixteen ounces two pennyweights to the ton. One of course should , not build upon the hypothesis that nil tho atone i would givo such an average, nor that the crushing I mill would save tee fine gold so completely ns Mr Hodgson did ; but as tho specimens had nothing remarkablo in their appearanoe, showing merely a few very fine Bpecs here and there, thero is every reason to Ruppose that they were an average sample. But even better results than the fore going have been obtained from samples of the Murrumburrah reefs from time to time, by MaBter Charles Dillon, who has quite a passion for quartz crushing in a small way. A few speci mens from No. 3 Louisa (or Britannia) reef, crush ed in this way the other day. gave a romarksbly good prospect. However, if the machine works away at the rate it promises a few week more will settle the value of the various claims,. The little town at Demondrille Croek is looking quite gay and lively. Where twelve months since there was not a solitary hut, are now two public-houses with stores and other erections, and the busy stemp of tho crushing mill makiDg itself heard on all sides as you approach the place. I understand that a promising reef has been lately opened near Bina- long, about twenty miles from here, and that the prospectors intend bringing some of the stone to Demondrille to bo crushed. It is probable that other reefs along this line of road will avail them selves of this machine as being the nearest at hand : so that with these, and with the quantity of stone nlready .raised in its immediate neigh bourhood, it is likely to have quite as much as it can do. On Thursday and Friday the Messrs. Fortescue I Brothers, gave an entertainment or exhibition in the Commercial Hotel, It wasoalled the P&nop-; ican. and consisted chiefly of pictorial ropreseDta- ions of Fcenes in the tour of Prince Alfred, tho Ihyssininn expedition. &e.t; with descriptive ac- lounts of the same. Somo of the transparencies vero very interesting. There was also some oxeol- . ent musio on tho violin nnd one or two popular longs. On both nights thero was a pretty good Utondnnce for a small plnco liko this, and the peoplo npplauded whero they wero able, but on the whole they looked too much of tho "serious family " pattern to bo altogether gratifying to tho exhibitors. At any rate ono night is usually sufficient for nny single performance in Mur rumburrah. Thero has been some talk of late hero about an alteration in the postal service to take place shortly — the coach from Yass to come right through as far as this place, which it is expected to reach at 10 p.m . starting heneo for Young at 4 a.m. next day. I suppose that the coach hence to Wagga ' Wngga will leave at the same hour, in whieh ease, if no furtper stoppngea occur, it might reach Wagga in the ovening. The New Butldino for the Yass Mechantos' Institute. — Tho committee of tho Mechanics' Institute have found it necessary to modify the plans prepared for tho new building, in order to bring tho cost of the erection within the menns at their command. Considerable delay has arisen from causes over which the eommitteo hnd no control, and wo think some particulars of ttie courso adopted may now te made public without hamper ing the committee in its future action, nnd par ticularly as tho public arc anxious to lenrn what lias been done in the matter. In response to tho. first advertisement calling for tenders, it was found that the cost of tho erection ofthe building accord ing to the plan and specifications would require a very much larger sum than wns available, nnd it was then deemed advisable to call for fresh tenders, with nnd without tho librarian's quarters. Seven tenders were received, tho lowest of which was sent in by a person resident in Sydney, and who was highly recommended by tho architect. Tho amount required was largely in excess of the funds in hand, but tho committee, in order to liave the building proceeded with without delay, resolved to borrow the additional am.mnt and to become jointly and severally liable for the sum. Application was made to a gentleman in town for the loan of the sum required several hundreds of pounds, who at once consented, and voluntnrily offered the amount for tho first year free of interest. This money has been obtained, and application has been made to tho Government for the balance of the grant of 1000/. Having thus provided the funds, the committee telegraphed to Sydney to nscertnin whether tho tenderer was prepared to enter upon the work, nnd. having received a reply iri the affirmative, a formal acceptanoo of the tender was forwarded in course of post. After the lapse of some days it was ascertained that the person whoso tender had been nccepted refused to proceed further, his reason being that he had entered into a contract fur the erection of four large houses in Sydney, nnd had not means to simultaneously carry on a contract in tho country. The committee then carefully considered the plans and specifica tions with a view to eliminate such portions as might be considered ndvisablo in order to reduce the cost -such as substituting orown for plate glass in the windows of the hall, which will not be seen from the street, &c..; and tenders are now in vited for the completion of the work in accordance with these modifications. In order to expedite the matter, tenders are requested to bo lodged o.n or before Monday. 7th inst. For a long time past the committee have held weekly meetings — somo- times, indeed, twice a week — ni.d have in other re spects spared nn trouble to hasten tho cnmmonce- mont'of tho work. . The probability now is thnt in tho courso of a week or two a tender will havo been accepted, and the work commenced ns early as possible thereafter. MECHANIC'S INSTITUTE — A meeting convened by advertisement was held at Colls's Commercial Hotel on Monday evening, Mr Shipway in the chair, to consider what steps should be taken to get up an entertainment on the occasion of the laying of the foundation stone of the new Mechanics' Institute. There was a numerous attendance. Mr S. R. Pembrooke having been appointed secretary, resolutions were passed deciding on an entertainment of a musical, literary, and dramatical character, the management to be committed to Mr Shipway's care. The following names were then unanimously agreed to to form a committee with power to add to their number;— Messrs. Shipway. Remmington, Wilkinson. Leathart, T. Colls, Scanes, Hedley, Lawson, Pearse. Brown. Hart. G. Hayes, Burges, Cottrell, A. Wood, Carter, Couch. Harpur, J. Colls, Beverley. S. J. Pembroke, and the secretary. The prices of admission were fixed at three shillings for front and two shillings for back seats. Messrs. Remmington and Shipway were appointed a deputation to wait on several ladies in the town to invite their co-operation, the secretary being instructed to write to others residing in the country. A sub-committee was also appointed to make arrangements for the most suitable place for holding the entertainment. The committee will meet on Friday evening next, at 7 o'clock, at Hart's assembly room, to arrange a programme. The unanimity which pervaded the meeting and the names of several on the committee augur well for the success of the affair. EDUCATIONAL. — An extract from a private letter from Marengo, under date of the 20th of August, states: — "The new blood lately infused into our local board by tho Council of Education, at the suggestion of the district inspector, Mr J. McOre- die, has given an immense impetus towards the better organisation of our public school: for already a meeting has been held, a subscription list opened, nnd a handsome sum collected (two or three of our leading men headed the list with ten pounds each), towards erecting a teacher's resi dence. Also, the newly- formed board intends, with the permission and assistance of the Council, to thoroughly repair nnd throw the whole of the present building into ono large room, thus forming a school-house sufficiently spacious to accommo date seventy (70) children.'1 Horned Cattle. — Tho decrease in tho number of horned cattle in Australia is bcooming a matter of serious alarm so far ns the supply of butchers' meat is concerned. "Within the past two months several large grazing establishments havo changed hands, and when tho delivery musters took plaeo the number of head did not in many cases come within 25 per cent, of tho stock book. It has generally been the ease that onlf-dropping has occurred to a I larger extent than branding, but it is now plainly | the fnct that the musters have not come up to the calculations of the station-holders. It behoves breeders of cattle to be more choice in their stud stock, and keep the iucrcaso in duo proportion to the available country. Fat stock is now the most profitable investment for money, and every atten tion should therefore be paid to tho process of gradually ripening bullocks and spayed cows for the market. Too quick fattening.never can pro duce profitable stock. The Weather. — We are still without rain. Tho nights contiriuo frosty nnd tho days mild and bright. From tho accounts that have reached us we learn that the country lying in .a westorly direction from hero is suffering very much from the want of rain. The wator in many of tho oreeks is rapidly disappearing, nnd several of tho dams are dry. This is more particularly tho case at Bland. There is no grass about Grenfell, nnd such horses as are not required for immediate work, havo been sent away for pasturage. The moon will bo at the full at 2.2 p.m. to-day. The late Inquest at Tumut.-— On Monday last sergeant Tant stationed at Tumut. nrrived in town with a sealed jar containing tho stomnch of the late Mr Lacy, of Tumut. tho inquest on whose body was recently reported in these columns. The purpose of forwarding the stomach to Sydney is to ascertain whether the deceased's death was caused by strychnine. It will be in the recollection of tho reader thnt there was evidence inculpating a publican where the deceased drank some brandy, hut thai was negatived by a witness who had drank from the same decanter. The notion of strychnine ao- ocpted, medically, is to alliviato diseases of the heart; hut nn over doso of strychnine may havo tho opposite effect. The forwarding of the stomnch of the deceased to Sydney is not likely to onuso tho solution of tho problem whether tho deceased died by poison, or whether by his own hand or that of others. Yass Stock Report. — Mr Remmington re ports : — Fat cattio : The market is supplied for a week or two. Isold 17 head on account of J. S. Calvert. Esq. Cows nnd bullocks at 4/. 10s; and 10 head ditto, at from 4/. 5s. to 4/ 15s., on account of A. Campbell, Esq. The quality of all these was. very prime hut not heavy. Storo cattle : I quitted a small draft at 31., calves given in. I havo a good many enquiries for this description of stock from good huyers who would give from 11. 10s. to 3/. 10s. Horses: Sound heavy draught would realise good prices here just now. I sold a mob very inferior at from 11. to 51. 12s. Gd. Fat sheep; Market supplied for the present. Prices — 00 lb. wethers, 10s. to lis. Store sheep : I have no enquiries for wethers, owing. I suppose, to the unsatisfactory state of tho season, there having been of late every probability of another drought. 1 havo a buyer for 4000 good maiden ewes. Horse Feed. — The prico ot horse feed in Yass at tho present time is very low. By an advertise ment in to-day's pnper it will he noticed that Mr Hayes, of the Union Steam Mills, offers oaten chaff and corn at a figure that is somewhat astonishing. Who requiring to uso a horse occasionally need, hesitate to keep a stabled one with cut hay at 2s. Od. n cwt ? New Auction Yards. — On Saturday last Mr Remmington mado his debut as an auctioneer at the Yass Market Yards. There, wns a large at tendance, but although the new candidate for public favour exerted his utmost to awnken com petition. and acquire tho best prices possible, it was evident from the languid manner of tho bidding that there wns either little money nflont or that the lots submitted wero not what wns required. A report of tho result of tho day's transactions appears elsewhere. Tho fat cattle wero small boasts and in no favour with the butchers. The horses were little belter than cuR$ ; a bay horse, sold to Mr T. Oolls for 51. 12s. fid. wns nn exception. Four eows sold to Mr Dallhonx. and which brought 12/.. wero a passable lot.® The experiment of establish ing periodical sales at Yass is yet to be tried. If good stock of various descriptions is offered wo havo no doubt such sales would draw a largo at tendance of dealers. The journey from Sydney to Yass can now. by moans of the railway, ho made a pleasant trin. and we may therefore expect to have visits from tho metropolitan trade. Kangarooino. — Ono day last week Mr W. E. Hall and a person named Young enjoyed an ex citing gallop after a kangaroo on the Cucumla station. Mr P. J. O'Donnell's, near Coramundra. The dogs succeeded in running down what may bo called "an old man " kangaroo and quickly des patched him. When measured in an erect position ho was found to bo six feet nine inches, and from tip of nose to end of tail nine feet four inches. Tho tail weighed, when disjointed from tho body, twenty-nine pounds nnd a half. On the same dnv sixteen others of various dimensions wero killed. Mr Hall states that tho neighbourhood swarms with kangaroos, affording excellent sport to the horse man ns well as giving the dogs a capita! run. The quantity of grass that tho kangaroo destroys points to the necessity of clearing runs of these intruders, Lbrida Bridob. — The works in the construction ofthe bridge over Lerida Creek, or more commonly known ns the Fish River, near Gunning, are pro gressing satisfactorily, nnd Mr P. Macnnmara. who is the contractor, feels satisfied that this much nnd long needed strueturo will be finished by the time specified. TMPmivnivn AnrnnTrsRMRNTS. — Tthasheen sug- gested that tho advertisements of impounding cattle published in the Government Gazette and tho local newspapers should set forth the name of the nearest post town to the pound. Thero aro many strange names where these pounds are situated, nnd it would much facilitate the enquries of owners of strayed stock wero they informed of tho nearest plnco where a letter would reach tho poundkeeper. Approved Pre-emptive Leases. — Claims by the f illowing persons have been approved of : — Edmond , Slattery. of Burrowa. two portions : Roger Casey, of Gundagai ; Patrick Geary, of Tumut: Alfred Clarke and George Rogers, of Narandra ; William Dawes, of Yass: Robert Walsh, Wheeo; John Bain, Yass. Sale of Lease of Crown Lands. — The lenso of tho following portion of land having been applied for under the 8th section of tho regulations nnd -r the Crown Lands Occupation Act will bo put up for sale at Yass at eleven o'clock on Tuesday. September 29:— 900 acres, county of Murray, parish of Waroo ; upset prieo 14s. Id. A Public Place. — A ease of using abusive language at the bar of a public-house wns henrd on tho 28ih August, before the police magistrate of Young. Mr Freestone, for defendant, contended that the bar nf a public-house was not a public place. Tho objection was overruled by the police magistrate. Queensland. — We notice that Mr F. A. Cooper, who is practising his profession as n barrister at Brisbane, has announced himself a candidato for tho representation of a Queonsland constituency. Mr Cooper at ono time wns M.P. for Brnidwood, and subsequently a sub-gold commissioner. The Duke of Edinburgh. — Ono of the officers of the Galatea, writing to a friend in Sydney on the 27th Juno says : — With regard to the Prince's health, I nan givo you a definito and true bulletin. I dined with him on Wednesday last, when ho said. ' I havo never felt tho slightest pain in the parts traversed by tho ball ; the only pain I feel is some times in the hip-joint, where I had the pain in Sydney. I feel this when I uso the dumb-bells in the morning."' The Collector of Customs. — A writer in the Sydney Sporting Life is responsible for the follow ing.— I understand that Mr Duncan, nfter being suspended, has for the second time been reinstated to the position of Collector of Customs. It was generally supposed that ..the Honourable Mr Docker, the present Postmaster-General, wns to succeed (and some sny oven had) to tho post of Mr Duncan, but nn appeal to tho Executive has con firmed Mr Duncan in his appointment. It is to be hoped that Mr Duncan will endeavour, for the future, to treat his superior officer with nt least respect, and show a little more respect to those who aro placed above him. I do not wish to make any ill-natured remarks respecting this gentleman, but evidently ho entertains too high an estimate of his services. Kerosene Shale near Ooulburn.— A fine sample of keroseno shale was shown to us on Thursday, which had been discovered about twenty- five miles from Goulburn, and said to be superior to that t iken from tho Hartley mines. A seam of coal was also found in the same locality, nearly fourteen feet in width and of good quality. The piece of shale that we were shown ignited and hurpt freely when it came in contact with tho fire. We have beon requested not tn mako known the locality nt present. — Goulburn Herald. A Desperate Chinaman.— Ah Chow, tho Chinaman who last week behaved so violently on being taken into custody on a charge of at tempting to commit a rupe at Taylor's Creek, has during his confinement in Quearibnyan gaol, given further proofs' of his desperate character. Baulked in all his attempts to commit self-destruction whilo being conveyed to the lockup— such ns attempting to cut his throat, to dash his brains out against a treo. nnd imploring tho constables lo shoot him — hns sinoe tried other means to " shuffle off this mor tal coil." After being confined in his cell, subse quently to being remanded for further evidence, he conceived thegrand idea— never successfully carried ' out since the days of Absalom, and such ns none i but a genuino Mongolian could achieve — to wit. of hanging himself with the hair of his head. In con- i sequence of this act it was demned ndvisablo to cut off that sacred appendage, his tail, which reached i from the crown of his hend to his heels. Foiled in i this, nod being placed under tho restraint of a ; straight jacket, ho next resolved to die by stnrva- i tion. and so refused to eat, vehemently deolaring ho wanted to die. On being committed for trial ) last Monday, the prisoner was, for liis better pro- tection, forwarded tho samo night by onnch to Goulburn gaol ; but ho had not long taken his sent before he tried tn throw himself under tho conch wheels with intfnt to accomplish his purpose of self-destruction, but was happily prevented by tho police, and wo presumo hns era this reached his destination in safety. — Queanbcyan Age. The Meetino at the Masonic Hall, Sydney. — We have been requested to publish tho following memo., which was read yesterday nt the sovernl services in each of tho Roman Oathoiie Churches ofthe oily and suburbs: — "Anonymous placards have been posted about the city calling n meeting at the Masonic Hall, on Monday evening, to con sider cortnin allegations made by an honourable member of tho Cabinet, at a meeting of his con stituents. With reference to this anonymously convoked meeting, hia Grace tho Archbishop ad vises and warns all Catholics who desire to main tain peaoe nnd good order, and to secure tho ulti mate victory of truth nnd right, not to attend the said meetrng. The Archbishop, having been com pelled on several occasions tn givo similarly cau tionary ndvioe to his flock, appeals to their recol lection that their affectionate nnd dutiful compli ance with his wishes in such emergencies lias been always followed by happy results. He is fully aware that lie is requiring a considerable sncrifiee of natural nnd allowable feeling : still ho is confident thnt . a little time perhaps a very little time — will bring before them, and before tho gene ral public. an abundant nnd triumphant justifica tion of such sacrifice." — Empire. The MuRRUMiiuaaAn Mail. — Under the existing postal Rrrangoments two mails from Sydney and Yass arrive in Wagga Wagga vid Murrumburrah evory week, and n third mail by the samo line also runs ns far ns Murrumburrah: but ns it does not go any further tho passengers, parcels, and letters that may be conveyed by it aro de tained in that township until tho nest mail day for Wngga Wagga. " This arrangement, particularly for pnssengers. is a very .annoying one, and as it also causes great and to most persons nn unac countable delay in the transmission of letters posted in lime for the mails running nn thoso days, it hns militated considerably against tho usefulness of the whole service, and driven a large amount of correspondence on to the longer route via Gundn- gni. If these mails ran regularly from end to end, instead oT coming to an abrupt stoppage midway on every third journey, they would ho much more extensively usod for postal purposes than they are now. nnd would prove an immense convenience to residents of tho districts lying along the lino of rnnte. hut subject as the letters conveyed by them now are to vexatious delays in transitu, it is not; to he wondered at that they should be so poorly patronised With the view of remedying tho evil and bringing the lino into greater postal favour with the public it has been proposed that the third mail which now stops nt Murrumburrah should be run like the other two right on to Wagga Wngga. and a petition to that effect has been prepnred and extensively signed and will shortly ho forwarded to tho Postmaster-General. It will lie at tho Austra lian Hotel for a few days in order to afford all of oor townsmen an opportunity of signing it, and will thon be sent direct to its destination. The mails nt present running on this line aro convoyed by capital coaches, and. as the establishment of the third one as proposed would he a groat conve nience to both passengers nnd letter-writers, we iiope thnt the prayer of the petition may bo ac ceded to. — Wagga Wngga Express. Assault on Mr Pkino of Orowthbr. — At tho Police Office, Young, on tho 2Sth August. Jnmes Cnulthurst was brought up oh a warrnnt. charging him with, on the 20th inst., feloniously assaulting J. Pring. Esq.. of Crowthe.r. Mr Freestone 'for nro9ecutor. Senior-oonstabio M'Geo. of Marengo. deposed to arresting accused this morning in Young : lie had with him a swng and tomahawk (produced). John Pring deposed : I reside at Orowthcr, and am a magistrate of tho territory ; tho accused has heenjn my Bervice since April Inst. his time expires in October next: ho wns hired'a9 watchman nnd to assist in lambing: on 24th inst. I went to him and told him that ho was not giving tho shepherds the assistance he nnght to do in the lambing: ho said that himself nnd the shepherd could not agree and he would not work any more with him ; I tnld him he must do his work : I saw him again on 20th inst., about half-past five or six o'clock a.m.: ho was sitting in the watfch-box : I told him he ought to be at the fold helping the shepherd : ho said he wouldn't do it; I told him if ho would not do his work, I would send another man, and not pay him for what ho had done : he said, " that's what you want;" I told him I did not want to do so. that ho was a liar for saying so ; I told him ho had got througn tho winter and that now wo were busy he would not do his work, nnd that lie was a scoundrel; I also told him to tako his things out of tho box and go away : he refused to do so : 1 then took out ono of his blankets and dropped it on the ground, when he seized a tomahawk, nnd came towards mo with it uplifted, saying he would "brain me;" ho wns about three feet away: tho tomahawk wns similar to tho ono produced; the shepherd was about twenty- five yards nway: I ran away, nnd the accused followed me, calling mo a rogue nnd a villain, and threatening to cuiAmo down and brain me : I asked the shepherd to give .ne a hurdle fork : he did so. and came between u9 ; accused then went bnck to tho watch-box: after a few minutes I went away towards home, wiien he followed mo, and said ha would make me go back and put the blanket into the watch-box ; he en mo up to me still with tho tomahawk in his hand : I held the hurdle fork in front of mo. and he took hold of it with his left hand, nnd held tho toma hawk over me. sayjng he would brain me; I then ran away, and left him tho hurdle fork; I was afraid of being killed. To accused : You agreed to help at the lambing : I did not call for the stick until after you ran nt mo with the tomahawk; if ynu had been disposed lo do me an injury you could have dnne sn after ynu tnok the stick out ot my hand. Mr Freestone requested a remand until Monday for the production nf the shepherd, which wns grantod. — Burrangnng Argus. The defendant was subsequently sentenced to sis months' im prisonment in Yass gaol.) Repairs of the Main Southern Road.— IVith regard to the local works on the Main Southern Road, we learn that Messrs. Richardson and Treasure's contract for metalling portion of it noar Oonney's hill hns been satisfactorily performed, and the road thero is now open. The adjoining contract of Messrs. Moore and O'Niell'a is also nearly completed, ns is Mr Johnson's contract for metalling portion of the road across Jugiong flat. Mr Roberts's contract at Money Money flat will like- wisn be finished in a week or two. Tho above will conclude the work that can he executed on tho Gundagai section on the Main Southern Road until tho next year's nllnwaneo becomes available, when tho further ncedrul improvements will he proceeded with. In tho mean time thoso that havo been effected havo rendered some of the road comparatively easy for purposes of transit. — Gundagai Times. A Man Killed by a Meteor. — Tho Brisbane Courier writes : —Several of the vessels just nrrived from the southward report that thero wns a groat deal of electrical ntmospherio disturbance on Mon day and Tuesday nights, but whether it wns the effect of. or was simply coincident with tho eclipse, our informants could nnt sny. Irt one ease it was attended with fntnl results, and a man was killed on board the schooner Urania, by the explosion of nn electric meteor. The vessel was off Crowdy Head on Monday, August 17. about midnight, when a heavy south-westerly squall came on. and all hands were oallod to shorten sail ; a seaman nnmed FT. G. Sales was steering, and nt 12.30 am., on Tuesday, tho 18th. a meteor, liko a ball of fire, fell immediately over the vessel's stern, nnd exploded with a loud report resembling that of a heavy pieco of ordnance. Sparks of lire wero scattered all ahout the deck, and tho steersman was killed by the shock. Every one on board felt a violent shock like that of a galvanic battery, but nono of the crew wero injured except Sales, who was at his last gasp picked up. His body showed no marks, hut appeared to he blackened, and somo sjx or seven hours after decomposition set in, and the poor fellow was buriod over the aide. Ho was a young man. nbnut three nnd twenty, nnd a smart sonmnn. The fire ball apparently travelled with the wind, which was from tho south-west, nnd when it burst the flash wns so intensely brilliant that the steward, who was lying in his berth below, declared thnt he saw the fire through tho seams of the deck. Tho cabin nt the same moment was filled with smoke, whieh blnokcnod papers lying ahout. Captain Johnson informs as that tho dis colouration of tho paint wns like thnt produced by "smoking the ship" with ohnrcoal. A peculiar nnd indescribable smell wns perceived for some timo after tho explosion, nnd a quantity of flakes liko the soot from a steamer's funnel wore scatter ed nbnut. Captain Milman. of the Lady Young, stoamer. informs us thnt on his Inst trip to Sydney a firo-ball was observed passing n-head of his ship, abnut 1 a.m. on Monday, the 17th. It travelled in a horizontal direction from n >rth- west to south-east. Apparently it was so near tho ship that tho officer of the watch altered her courso to avoid it, when it burst, nnd for tho moment the whole heavens seemed to bo in a Haze of light; and. nt the snmo timo. thero was terrific "thundor. Lightning and thunder continued at intervals throughout tho night and next day (Tuesday), until half-past 8 o'clock, when tho weather cleared up. Action for Breach of Promise in Sydney.— Tn tho Supremo Court on Wednesday, before Mr Juatico Cliecke. the following onuso wns tried : — Silver v. Honking. This was an action by Mary Silver against Georgo Uther Ilosking for breach of a promise by defendant to marry tho plaintiff— n mutual agreement for marringo having been made between tho parties, and defondnnt after a reasonable time bad elapsed having refused to carry out such agreement. Damages were laid at 1000/. The defondnnt pleaded that, nfter tho making ot the agreement declared upon, nnd he- fore any broach of tho snmo. such agreoment was rescinded at plaintiff's request, nnd by mutual consent of plaintiff nnd defendant. Mr Snlomons nnd Mr Bennett appeared for tho plaintiff; and Mr Butler for the defendant. The plaintiff, sworn to ho a little under twenty-two years of ago. was tho dnughtor of tho late Dr. Silver. Tho defend ant. aged, it wns said, between twenty-four and twenty-five, was a clerk in the Telegraph Depart ment. The following wns. substantially, the plnin- tiff's case. She had inado the acquaintance of the defendant when she was on a visit to a place called Point Farm. Rookvillo, in January, 1800. Do- fondant was at that timo stationed at Liverpool, and plaintiff's ordinary residence wns with her mother in Macqunrie-street, Sydney. Defendant paid attentions to plaintiff, which, in six or seven weeks, produced n mutunl engagement to marry. Defendant wns received by Mrs Silver as tho future husband of her daughter. He wroto a number of letters to Miss Silver of the most affectionato . oharncter: sent her sevoral (five) portraits of him self, nnd presented her with a ring. Things re mained on this footing until after October, when defendant rapidly assumed a tone of coldness. This tone, it was said, was first assumed upon tho plea that they wore not likely to agree, being of differont religions — Miss Silver being a Roman Catholic and Mr Hosking a Protestant. Miss Silver was so strongly attached to tho defendant that she offered oven,, to change her own religion, and was earnestly desirous that the engagement should he carried out. But her attempts were in vain. Defendant at first professed himself to bo satisfied and happy; but his letters gradually be came cnlder, until they nssumed the most frigid and formal stylo. lie declared that ho would not mako it up, and that it was in vain to attempt to move him. That when he said a thing lie wn9 determined to stand to it:' nnd that sho must not hopo for a fulfilment of their engagement. Mrs Silver, seeing that her daughter suffered very much both in body and mind, triod very hard to bring about a reconciliation. Sho both wroto to tho defendant nnd went to him. But lie remained obdurate. He repoatcdly admitted in his lottors that he had behaved very ill, nnd doolarod his sorrow at hearing how much Miss Silvor had suffered, hut declared at the samo timo his con viction that it would bo better, in the end, even for herself. Ho pressed for tho return of his letters and ring, but Mrs Silver took these things into her own possession and would not givo them up. Tho letters from Miss Silver were returnod by defendant. Miss Silver had visited tho defend ant's mother during tho timo the engagement lasted, nnd defendant hnd visited at Mrs Silvor's. whero ho hnd not only taken his meals, but had slept. Several letters from defendant to plaintiff wero read nnd placed in evidence. Their tone was such as to show that the writer looked, or professed to look, upon tho lady to whom ho was writing as his future wife. These letters were nlso lengthy, and most of tho time taken up in trying the caso wns devoted to reading and commenting upon them. While the engagement lasted tho plaintiff waB addressed as " My dear Mary." Subsequently when, according to his own admission, his love had cooled, tho modo of address adopted waB " My dear Miss Silver.'' Subsequently, when he was being pressed upon tho subject, nnd wns asserting his determination not to make up matters again, plnintiff was addressed Bimply as " Miss Silver." In these inttcr letters tho dofondant alluded to somo differences of opinion or quarrel which had taken place botween himself and the plnintiff. He also spoke of her proposed change of roligion ns some thing which ho ought not to insist upon or en courage. nnd expressed his doubts as to whether they could, under any circumstances, bo happy, flo urged her. therefore, to answer upon this sub ject protty plainly, intimating, however, that the only answer for which ho looked, and with which ho would he satisfied, was an answer giving him up and declaring all botween them to be at an end. Defendant seemed very much hnnoyed at tho re tention of his letters and ring, and pressed re peatedly for their return. It wns stntod in refer ence to the question of religion that, nt the timo this engagement was commenced, thero vrns an understanding that each party should follow his or her own faith: nnd that understanding had been nrrived at with defendant's full consent. As to the position of tho partioa and tho question of what tho plaintiff had lost, in a pecuniary point of view, by tho breaking off of tho engagement, it wns stated that although tho defendant was at tho timo of his engagement receiving but 1/. a week, he wns receiving double that amount sinoe he had been promoted to anoth' r stntion, and wns believed to have a prospect of very much moro. Tho only witness placed in the box wns Mrs Silver, who was pressed very much ns to her motives for retaining the letters, nnd declared that she had done so bo- cnuso sho felt that her daughter hnd been used very ill : because she believed the defendant had used somo other young lady in the same manner ; and beenuso she did not think his wishes ought to ho attended to in any way. She admitted, how- evor. that tho thoughts of bringing an action for broach uf promise might have occurred to her. She further admitted that she was insolvent, and had been involved in some litigation in rcforenoe to a coal bill. No evidonce was given for tho de fence. but the jury wero addressed at considerable length by Mr Butler, who argued that the ense wns elenrly one brought by the iitigious mother of the plaintiff, without nny consideration for tho feelings of her daughter, against whom nothing was insinuated; and who. it wns suggested, would mnst probably, if left to herself, have preferred not to make any such an exhibition of hersejf and her feelings — supposed to bo so sensitivo — in a oourt of justice. The learned goritlomnn contended from tho letters themselves that there had clearly been somo lover's quarrel botween these parties nf which no ono knew but themselves, nnd that the jury were entitled to assume that plaintiff, when invited to do so. had declared her willingness thnt the contrnot should bo nt nn end. The feelings ex pressed by tho defendant on tho subject, of a change of religion wero oommentcd upon ns highly proper, as there would be little chanco of happiness with a woman who could ohnngo her faith so readily. His honor summed up, pointing out that as the i making of the contract wns ndmittcd, tho question for consideration was whether thero hnd boon a mutunl rescission of this contract. The dosiro of i the defendant to bring the engagement to a close i would be immaterial unloss the plaintiff had also been a concurrent party. It was for the defendant to make out this mutual reRoisaion. If the jury were not satisfied that this had been done, their verdiot must be for the plaintiff, with such dam ages as tho circumstances of the oaee might re quire. In aesessing these damages, thqv must take into nceount the injury to the plaintiff's feel ings. and the position she had lost by not having become the wife of the defendant. Tim jury, nfter having retirod for about twenty minutes, found a verdiot for tho defendant. His honor de clined to stay execution upon tho ground that the verdiot was against evidence — S. M. Herald. Inspector of Public Accounts. — The Patcrson correspondent of the Newcastle Chronicle is re sponsible for tho following :— " We have just been informed that a new official has boen sent abroad, and that without nny notification in tho Government Gazette, styled — the inspector of accounts. This official, we believe, has presented himself at various places where courts of Petty Sessions are held, and demnnded a genernl inspection of accounts from the various elorks of Petty Sessions. Wo beliovo he is very well up in his business, and is strictly leaching in his examinations." TnR Public ScnooL at Wauoa Waooa. — The Wngga Wagga Public School hns within tho last few days been officially inspected by Mr Coburn, the inspector of schools for the Albury district. Tho average number of children now attending the school amounts, we understand, to about 120. The accommodation afforded by the present build ing is. however, found to be miserably inadequate, nnd an effort is, we hear, about to bo made by tho looal board to provido funds fur tho ereotion of some additional rooms for the now over-orowded children. The contemplated improvements oan be effected for about 3001.. and as the Council of. Education aro prepared to voto tw> pounds for every ono that is raised by private subscription, this will only lnave 1001 for tho rnsidents of tho town to subscribe. Surely no difficulty will bo experienced in collecting so small a sum as this. — Wagga Wagga Express. tub murditr at tub 1 en mile ivush.— >t o take tho following from the Burrangong Argus: — At the Police Offioo, Young, on the 22nd August William Moran or Mourn was brought up on remand. The only witness examined was Jacob Creighton. He stated that ho remembered perfectly the timo when the remains were dis covered near Taylor's. About a week prior_ to that time the accused and an old man came to him. at the brick kiln, at Burrangong Creek. They had with them a roan horse and two saddles. Ho gave the accused a huckot of water for tho horse. They (accused and tho old man) had some tea. and stayed about three hours. Ho believed accused stated that ho was going somowhoro after cattle. The prisoner was again remanded till the 28th. when Phillip Saunders, being sworn, deposed: I am a publican nt Grenfell : at the beginning cf 1867 I kept the Sydney Hotel nt Spring Creek; I remomber tbo nccused man ooming to my house: ho gave the name of William Charles Mourn; he came twice; the first time he came was in harvest time: I could not say how long it was nfter that when he oarae ngain ; I left tho Sydney Hotel in Jnlv. 1807 : I could not say how long it wns before that when accused enmo; it was about ono or two o'clock in the afternoon ; he was on foot: bo remained with mo seven or eight days ; when he wont away ho rode a dark roan horse : I do not know tho brands of the horse ; he had no dog : I sold him a bay horse ; tho roan horse wns stnbied nt my place for a day or two : he was brought thore by a young man named Armstrong ; I. at tho request of ncousod, sent for tho horse to Armstrong's place at Stony Creek ; accused, when he came, told me that ho had left the horse in n paddock s he did not say where : he did not say where he came from : he did not sav the roan horse was the ono ho had boen riding : I do not remember cashing a cheque or getting it cashed for him: I bought him some clothes, which he paid me for when ho oarao back: he paid me in 12. or 51. notos: I could not say which: ho spent 12 1, or 141. nt my place: ho wns very free with his money: ho was never drunk, though he used to take plenty of drink : I think when he went away he said lie was going to Goulburn and then to the Hnwkesbury : he rode the roan horse away, and led tho other, with a valise nnd poncho strapped on tho saddle: I do not know if he left any old clothes at my place: if bo did it would only bo a pair of trousers: that was tho second timo he stayed with me : I never saw him after. To the bench : Accused did not say what his occupation was : I hnd not known him before: when ho wont away it was in tho early part of tho day : he. went townrds Wombat: tho valise and poncho came from Armstrong's, as also the saddle : the saddle was not new. but in good repair : I saw money (some silver) with him whon he left my place : I road the account of tho murder nt the Ten-milo, but do not remomber whethor it was about tho timo when tho accused stopped with mo. To prisoner: I remember that, whon you came to my place the first time, you told mo you were looking for your brother-in- Inw: you hnd a roan horso and also a piebald one : I reoollect you asking a man (Joseph Sybury) who was at ray place if ho knew a man nnmed Joseph Sharp, and Sybory snying ho believed the man was somewhere near Adelong: I remember you told me, when you came the second timo, that you bnd boon looking for your sister, and left tho horse in the paddook becauso he was weak : you said you were going to stop six or seven days : I do nat remember you asking me about a man named John Hynes. To tho bench : Accused did not tell mo the name of his sister : I don't think he made any effort to find his sister until he went nwny. Accused wns, at tho request of Mr Stephenson, again remanded until the following Mondny. Suookino Case of Child Desertion. — At tho Water Police Office. Sydney, on Thursday. Mary M'Dougall. aged 6 years, Lily M'Dougall, 4i. Jessie M'Dougall. 2. and Loughi M'Dougall. 1. were brought up by senior-oonstable Cameron, in oonsequence of a statement made to him by Mr Wooloott. Both their parents, who live at Blue's Point, were described to be of drunken habits, as not providing their ehildrcn with proper food, and leaving .them in a dirty state to wander about. There wns only one bed in the hut. and that was en the floor. Last night the mother told tho oon- itablo her husband wns drnnk, and that sho wns afraid that he would illuse her. The constable went to the hut and found him lying drunk on the floor, and when he was spoken to about his children, he said he " paid 20s. in the ponnd, and did not enre a for anyono." It appeared from the statement of Mr W. P. Wooloott. that on Wednesday morning M'Dongall brought these four children to his house, put them inside the gate, and left them there without speaking a word. Mr Wooloott called after him, but he would not come back. They wore very dirty and insufficiently clad. He went to the hovel where they lived, and found it in a disgustingly filthy state. The ohildren were sent by the bench to the Deatitnte Children's Asylum, Randwiok considering that the mother was not a fit person to have oharge of them. The husband was committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions for desertinrr his infant nhilri nF tho n»a „F inn)- months.— S. M. Herald. Threatening to Born a Woolbhed. — On . Sunday week last a labouring man, named Denis Hurley, was brought before the Narandera Police Court, on a charge of threatening to burn down the woolshed of Mr Adam M'Neill, of Yanco, and, being convicted of the offence, was sentenced by the presiding magistrate (Mr Brown) to six months' imprisonment. It appeared that the prisoner came to tho woolshed in the morning and asked for work, but that the tender of his services was deolined by Mr M'Neill. He refused to take dinner with tho shearers, and behaved in a very violent and abusive way, threatening to stab any of the men that approached him with a shear- blade. After indulging his ill-humour ia this style for some time, and walking about the shed in a pugnacious manner with a shear-blade in his hand, he wont outside and coolly lit a fire within six feet of one of the huts. The men put out the fire to savo the but from destruction, and the prisoner resented the sot by chasing and threaten- ing to stab thein with the shear-blade, but was eventually rushed by some of the men anil his dangerous weapon taken from him. After this be lit another fire oloso to the but, and stood guard over it with a knife, and declared that tho night was long and he wonld burn tbe whole place down before morning, and would glory to see it in flames. Mr M'Neill hearing of the outrageous conduct of tho prisoner, went down to where he was standing, and took him into custody, nnd then sent for senior-oonstable F'oley, and had him walked off to the Narandera lockup. On the way thither the prisoner remarked that he had intended to burn down the Bhed. because he could not got work, and it was no uso his wnlking about like n beggarman, nnd declared that he would fire the shed yet or do something else that would get him hanged. The follow is evidently a very dangerous blackguard, and it is to bo hoped that upon tho expiration of his sentence he will bo carefully watched out of tho district by tho police. — Wagga Wagga Express. Charge of Uioamy. — 1 he Melbourne Herald ot tho 28th August states: — A middle-aged man, nnmed William Henry Logan, alias James Henry Kemiss, wns brought before the city magistrates yesterday morning, on remand charged with the threefold crimes of bignmy, fraud, and wifo deser tion. The prisoner's earoer in reference to his matrimonial tastes is an extraordinary one, and it is not known for certain how many times he has been married while his previous wives were alive: but to tho knowledgo of the police ho has three times entered into such a contract. The last occa sion he nppeared nt the nltnr was to take the hand of a blooming young widow, who presented him with 2002. as a wedding presont. Tho fellow pleaded guilty in tho coolest manner possible, nnd appeared to think as little of the responsibilities of having a number of wives as tbo most sober Tuik of the period. Ho was sent for trial, and the charges of fraud and wifo desertion were withdrawn. Tho prisoner is said to be the son of an old colonist named Kemiss. who died in 1812. A Scene in the Queensland Assembly. — During tho discussion that took plnce on Wednes day. after the Ministerial explanation given by Mr Mackenzie, tho Hon. the Attorney-General gave tho dobato a lively turn. We quote from the Courier:— Mr Pring said he could not nllow this motion to go to tho vote without Baying a few words upon it. The question was a rather important ono. and ho had expeeted that some of the states men on the opposite side would have given their views on the subject. They wore credited with having a number of statesmen in their ranks, but none of them had given utterance to thoir opinions. Mr Francis, no doubt, would bo disappointed that he was not sent for, but ho was afraid that he would havo to bear it a9 best ho could. The fourteen mombers of tho Opposition who voted for the amendment to tho nddross were obliged to accept Mr Mncnlister again, although last year out of tho House he was regarded as tho greatest scoundrel unhung. Now he wns their demi- god — they could not do without Mncnlister. — Mr B'll rose for an explanation. Ho would like to know whether the hon. tho Attorney-General was justified in using such language towards the hon. member for Ipswich. He donied that there was the slightest ground for saying that any member of the Op position regarded Mr Macalister as a scoundrel, either Inst year or at any other time. Mr Mncnlister rose to a point of order, as to whether such language was not unparliamentary P A " scone" ensued : one member nfter another rising to tho point of order. Mr Pugh, Mr Francis, Mr Lilley. and several other members of tho Opposi tion declared that Mr Pring had said that some of tho members composing the presont Opposi tion last year regarded Mr Mncnlister as tbe greatest scoundrel unhung : and Mr Pring each time vehemently denying that ho ever said any thing of the kind. Ho said ho spoko of the people outside. Mr Walsh said he understood the Hon. the Attorney- General to speak of the poople outside as holding this opinion of Mr Macalister. and not nny of the members of the present Opposition, Mr Douglas thought the Hon. tho Attornoy-Qenernl had. in this ease, rnthor exoeedod the bounds of his ornato illustrations, nnd probably would be prepared to ndmit as much. At anyrate. he thought it would be better if be could, in his sub sequent remarks, restrain himsclfto tho use of more moderate language. The Speaker said the words mnde use of by the hon. member escaped him. and therefore he could only be guided by what other hon. members bad said. If those words had been used, however, he had no hesitation in snying that they were most unparliamentary. It was the duty of hon. members, when they thought un parliamentary words had been" used, to nt once move that the words be taken down. Mr Pring ngain declared that he did not uso the words in the sense imputed to him, nnd did not believe them, but believed the very eontrnry of Mr Macalister. He hnd always understood it to bo a rulo of practice, that when words were not tnken down, if the hon. member alleged to have used such words distinctly denied having used them, his word was accepted. He (Mr Pring) had not done or said anything of which he was ashamed. He might hnvo expressed himself more delicately, but the meaning would have been precisely tho same. It appeared to offend the Opposition very much that he should tell them this, but he understood the reason why hon. members opposite had made such a set at him. When they could take no other course, they said. " Badger Pring," " Get Pring out." Mr Parkes and the Treason-Felony Act. — " The Flaneur in Sydney," in referring to the Oolonial Secretary's speech at Kiama, writes:— "Tho Treason- Felony Aot was of course a fruitful theme for Mr Parkes to expatiate on. The Spectator wns assailed quite effectively to amuse the meeting nt 'Kiama, but it is just possible tho Spectator may havo something moro to say on the subject. In order to prevent the ndmirers of tho Spectator from becoming over-jubilant. Mr Parkes read other extracts from thnt journal, no doubt, with a view to promote harmony and good- feeling in a colony wherein at tho present timo, it is more easy to provoke seotarinn bitterness than to quell it. We are assured that in good time the affidavits in the possession of Mr Parkes will see the light. Their yalue,will, of oourse, dopond on the character of the parsons who made them. If they stand tbe test of a rigorous examination, they will add fresh lnurelR to tho fame of the Martin-Pnrkes Ad ministration, Pending the production of tho docu ments I suspend my judgment." The Gaol at Pabramatta. — On Friday last his Excellency tho Governor nnd the Oountess of Belmore visited Parrnmatta gaol. They were ac companied by Oaptnin and Mrs Beresford, Cap tain Hope of II. M. S. Brisk and tho Hon. the Oolonial Secretary. They were received at the gaol by the chief gaoler. Mr Hussey, who conduct ed them through the establishment. Among others there vras a prisoner nnmed Courtney, who, it may be remembered, endeavoured to escape from tbe custody of the police, while being escorted from Cockatoo Island to Dnrlinghurst gaol some five years ago, and was fired upon, tho bullet taking effoct in his right shoulder. All efforts to extract the leaden missile at the time wero unsuccessful ; and Courtney has suffered very much from this bullet — which was a very large one, being fired from one of the large pistols formerly served out to the police— imbedded in his fleBh. A short time since, at the prisoner's request, Dr Pringle endea voured to extract the bullet ; the operation was skilfully and successfully performed, itnd, as the wound hns now healed, the patient is almost, if not entirely, free from pnin. Courtney made some representations to the Governor in reference to this ease, and his Excellency gave him permission to prepare a written statement, to which, upon re ceipt, he promised to givo his best attention. An other prisoner, named John Molloy, from whose flesh Dr Pringle hns also extracted a bullet received at the time of his capture, made a statement to the effect that he was oonvictdd upon insufficient evi dence— that it wns a cose of mistaken identity, and that tho real eulprit had. since his (Mollov's) con viction. admitted his guilt. Molloy and two other i prisoners, named Matthew Britton and Henry Oust, i reoeived permission to prepare written statements 1 of their oases for submission to his Exoellenoy. Amongst tho notorieties seen and spoken to in this gaol was Joseph Wilks, convicted, many years ngo, of the murder of his wife and two children in the Clarence River district. This murderous old ruffian, said to bo in his seventy-sixth year, ex pressed a hope thnt ho should not be permitted to end his days in tho gnol ; but we should imnpine, after the evidence that was adduced against him — after the particulars which have come out of his infamous career in which, it would appear that he has bad a sharo in almost a score of murders — that his chance of ever seeing the outaido of a gaol again is exceedingly remote. Sudden Death at Tumut. — A magisterial enquiry was held at Tumut on the 26th instant, by the Police Magistrate, as to the cause of death of John Ryan. It appeared from the evidence that deceased, who resided with Jnmes Egan, hnd been walking about the town on the forenoon of Tues day, apparently in Irs usual health. He was last seen alive about noon of that day by James Egan. with a bucket in his hand going for wntor to make ready for dinner. As ho was absent for more than half an hour Egan began to wonder at his staying away so long, and going to see after him found him lying dead in a well or hole at the back of his (Egan's) house whoro they usually got their water. As the hole was not more than a foot deep in the dropest part, the body of Ryan was only partially covered with water. Tho water was quite clear, and ns there was not tho least sign of any strug gling having taken plnoo, it is probable that he fell into the hole in n fit when stooping to dip up the water. Dcoensed, who was a tailor by trade, had been in the distriot for more than thirty years. He was sixty-four years of ago, and of very in temperate habits, which no doubt hastened his end. In the absence of a logally qualified practitioner, no raedioat evidence was taken. — Gundagai Times. In the absence of a "legally qualified medical practitioner" the evidence of any medical man, though he bo not duly qualified by tho colonial statute, oan bo taken. The difference between the " qualified " witness and the one not duly " quali fied.'' is that the former can claim his fee, whilst tho unqualified witness would stand in no better position than any other witness Waooa Waooa Items. — The Express of Satur day states : — Since our last report wo have had several short but heavy showers, accompanied with thunder and hail. Tho total fall has, how ever, been but insignificant, and thcugh it will help to bring on the young grass it hns dono next to nothing towards filling the many low and failing dams and water-holes of tbo back country. Feed is springing up rapidly, and the country is looking beautifully green : but long, general, and copious rains are urgently needed to provido a sufficiency of water for tho needs of the coming summer. Shearers still continuo to pour through tho town in swarms, but most of tho lower Riverina sheds are, we hear, now moro than full, nnd many of the men havo been in consequence nnable to obtain promises of em ployment, and are now retracing thoir steps to the higher river districts. Shearing hns nlroady commenced on many of tho lower river stations, and will shortly become general throughout the district. Nothing is doing in tho loeni market, and we have but few movements of stock to chroniclo. Mr Lang's sheep have passed Boolignl for tho southward, nnd Mr Turnbull's 1600 cnttle have crossed the river at Narandera for Denili- quin, Mr R. Molosworth, of the Laclilan River, has purchased during the woek ten remarkable fine bulls from Mr J. Horo of Curaberoona, near Albury. Businoss just now is exceptionally dull. Woather squally and- threatening. Clerical Immorality. —The Melbourne Argus of Monday contains tho following:— An unplen- sant rumour is in genernl circulation respecting the minister of a Congregational Church in the eastern part of the city. It is stated that a young girl belonging to his congregation wns recently mar ried. and sometime nfrerwnrds made nn avowal to her husband, which, nfter inquiries on bis part, re sulted in n charge made by her against the minister of her church, who hnd himself performed the marriage ceremony. The husband, in high indig nation. sent back his wifo to her fathor, who. learn ing the fnots of tho case, threatened to take von- geance on the reverend gentlemnn who had thus wronged his family. These threats coming to the ear of the minister, ho npplied for protection to tho polico authorities, who gavo directions to the constables in that neighbourhood to look after his dwelling. These precautions, however, did not prevent a scone with the father, who came to seek the minister at his honso, but found him away from home. 1 1 is further stated that the pastor is oa the point of leaving the colony. The Pseudo-Count. — Tho yacht Hamlet's Ghost, Captain Yorke, left Cleveland Bay on the 4 th in stant, bound northerly. The Brisbane corres pondent of the Queensland Times observes : A story, which 1 believe is quite true, is told of the counter feit Count Von Attems, which goes a little way in itsolf to Bhow he was an impostor. The Count - honoured a ball given here during his visit with his presence, nnd lamented, with a most lugubrious countenance, to n lndy thnt he was put about for a lack of funds —not, however, that he wanted the lady to lend him any, but by way of braggadocio. My dear mndam, I can assure you znt I have only got six zousnnd pounds to last me for von fortnight, and I veel quite miserable." Ho paid the owner of Hamlet's Ghost for the yaoht, but, I am afrnid. got the money on the strength of cer tain paperB from another Brisbane gentlemnn. Tho Count was very profuso with bis (P) money both here and on the way from Sydney, nnd " shouted " champagne in the most oxtravagant manner. He took away with him. as captain of his yacht, Mr Hamlyn, late of the Q.S.N. Co.'s ser vice. bat they fell out at Rockhnmpton.and separ ated. A young gentleman threw up his situation in the Custom-house. Maryborough, to go with the Count, but be also left the yacht nt RockhnmDton, and is either back, or on his way back. Theo is very little doubt that we shall bear of the Ghost before sho gets to Batavia, supposing that to bo her destination : for she is a gimornck craft, and it is unlikely the new owner would care to go far from land in her. Sydney Wool, Tallow and Hides Markets. —More than the usual dulness of the last few weeks oharaoterised Thursday's wool sales, the lots being very few. and very indifforent, and bid ders altogether indisposed to offer. An interest was, however, given to them in tho circumstnnee of a few paroels, the first of this season's olip being offered. They were from the north, and it is to bo hoped that tbe whole of tho olip whence they came will not correspond with thom, for they were liter ally a " seedy " lot. some of the brokers estimat ing thnt they contain as much seed as wool. Queensland must try and improve upon this sample, or her wools will assuredly get a bad name in every market. Sheepskins were very firm, a brisk trade was done, and large numbers were quitted at a slight advance upon former quotations. As the boiling-down season is now drawing to n close, the tallow market exhibits inoreased firmness. At public sales on Friday there wns a great demnnd for shipping parcels nt a slight advance on last week's prieos, and a very large quantity changed hands. Mutton brought 332. 15s. to 352. 5s. ; prime beef, 342. 2s. 6d. : good boiling. 32 2. 10s. to 332. 10s. ; medium, 312. 10s. to 32 2. 5s. Hides were also vety active, and for extra weights extreme prices were paid, ranging from 16s. to 22s,; first heavy, 13s. 3d. to 15s. 9d. ; inferior and light, from 9s. to 12s. 9d. : horse hides, 4s. to 6s. 6d. ; kanga roo skins. 12s. 9d. ; calfskins, 2s. to 4s. Stock Reports. — Goulburn, August 28. — Messrs. Finlay and Co. report:— Fat stoo'k: We have no sales to report. The market is entirely destituto of fat cattle, and tho trade q re now nil but out; any one hnving such to sell should tako'ndvnntnge ot the present demand. Prime and weighty are worth 62. Fat sheep: None coming to mnrket. There is an equally good opening for primo sheep. Outside buyers have purchased most of tho fat sheep in the district, and those they bavo not secured they are nibbling at. Tho market is exceedingly good, and prices remain at about last week's quotations, from 9s to 12s, according to weight. Store sheep : Numerous inquiries for good store wethers i about 3000 would sell well, say at about 7s. Store eat'le : V.-ry much wanted. We can only repeat that the market never was better for store cattle. In a few months they will recede considerably in price, as it will bo too late to put them in paddocks for fattening. Poor store cattle now are worth a good deal more than they will be when half-fat and ilie season i advnnced, as store buyers, always liko to get the j stock they fatten into their paddocks beforo the ' flush of grass sets in. Good bullocks are worth 32\. 5s. Messrs F. S. Cohen nnd Co. report : — Fat cattle : Not a beast passed through the Goulburn yards this week : the consequence is the trade nro getting short of good beof. There is a good I demand for anything at all prime and fat. which I enn be quoted at an advance upon (ast week's prieos. Store cattle: Tho district is extremely bare of this description ot stock. The paddocks having been cleared of all fat eattlo. lenves a splendid opening for drafts of well-bred bullocks fit for fattening purposes. Fat sheep : No trans- - actions to note. Prices remain without alteration, and no account of any sheep heading for this J market, nor will thero bo whilst tho outside buyers "1 are scouring tho country and buying up every- ( thing that can bo classed as prime. Wo have . placed a flock of 1000 wethers under offer at 10s , 3d. Storo sheep: We havo no sales to report. Holders are now keoping back until after shearing, although good prices could bo obtained for all descriptions of storo sheep. Horses, unless really good, may be looked upon as worthless. We sold a few this woek up to 32. Sydney. August 28.— Mr G. M. Pitt reports : — Fat cattle : A short supply came forward this week, chiefly of middling quality, for which there is little competition ; really primo are very scarce, and command an advnnce on former quotations. I quote best bullocks worth from 72 to 82. second quality from 52 to 62; middling and inferior dull of sale. My sales have been : 130 (Morrice's), on the station, only middling quality, at 52 10s : 47 (Oummins's), at 42; 65 (Pye's). 32 12s 8d ; and 1 12 (Moore's), at 32 18s. Fat Bheep: No sheep are at present coming forward direct from the breeder, tho market being wholly supplied by the trade : prime quality in demand, but very scarce; middling and inferior dull of salo. Holloway's Pills givo instant relief. Indiges tion gives rise to a largo Bhare of the maladios of mankind : it occasions more miseries than the doctor knows names for. Indigestion springs from many causes, over which Holloway's pills exercise the most perfect control. They aot at once on the stomach, liver, bowels, and kidneys, nnd correct , their torpid, defeotiyo. or disordered functions. They restore the waning appetite, strengthen tho fooble stomnch, and spare tho dyspetie sick head ache, and many nameless torments. They recnll every organ to n true sense of its duties. Hollo way's pills have with facility cured cases of bad digestion which had existed for a long time and bafficd much mcdiaal skill. They nre reliable remedies for all varieties of indigestion. 