PUBLIC EXAMINATION AT THE TIATHT7RST CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. .(From the BatJiurst limes.) , On Monday the 16feh nastaut, the midsummer examinations of the above schools commenced, and terminated on Friday evening. The three first days were devoted to the examination of St. Stanislaus' male high, school, and the certified denominational boy's school, and on Thursday *ud Friday the female departments of the St. Mary's High School and denominational school tinder the able management of the Sisters of \ factory examination in the presence of the I Bishop, the clergy, and a large number of ladies % and gentlemen, some of whom came from a I great distance to be present on the occasion, and I to take home for the holidays their children who I had been placed in these establishments. It is I right to say that the result of the examination I throughout, in all the schools, gave the most 1 unqualified^ satisfaction, and not only were the I parents and friends of the children satisfied, but I his Lordship himself expressed astonishment at | the progress the children had made, during the I academic year. *) On Thursday, at ten o'clock, the distribution ft of prizes for the boys took place, and a numer ic ovts and respeetafele assemblage met in the boy's ?t school to be present on the interesting occasion, W when the victors in the intellectual strife were |l to publicly receive the rewards of past assiduity W and the incentives to future exertion, in the W ahape of costly .premiums' and well merited P because houorably obtained commendation for H iiheir industry and good behaviour during the B year. ? ?? . ? ' §§ ' His Lordship, Fathers M'Girr, Byrne, and m M'Grath, with the lay teachers, Messrs M'G-irr M and M'Hale, in presence of the large crowd of f§§ visitors of which we have already made mention II severally questioned the aspirants for honours, mt ' and the r»ady answering to the questions put in §§ Latin, Greek, French, mathematics, geography, |» and mental calculation, elioifced general ap W plause. ?? f '??? tjfr It was evident that the basis of a thorough '!% acquaintance with these various branehesofeduea «v-9 ? tion was lirmly laid, and that all that is needed -'lt is time and sustained exertion, for a few year3, ?- ' to make the young alumni of these schools a i,-c credit to their friends, to their bishop, and to , '(*? the district. The progress of all the boys *3& present in mental calculation was remarkable, '/jP and called down well-deserved commendation 'Im1 from the spectators, anil? a special tribute of dip! praise from tjie Bishop', who,' after seeing their ,Jf specimens of book-keeping, and hearing the f'lfl rapidity and accuracy^ their answering in the ?ff§ most com pies; questions' in interest, brokerage, «M insurance, sto^ck, &e.;, gave it as his deliberate tH opinion that there was nob one boy then present S but could, at. 'once if necessary, take hia post in M the counting-house. liS Father M'Gut than read out the names of the fO successful competitor!? during the examinations pf of the three preoejdin'jj days, ami cacii fortunate fl'f Iwy advanced t-- his L- ^??U.liip'a, chair and re :fft eeived, on bonded kuoe, ? a . costly prize, and \'r then retired, amidst cheers and phuditato his ' M place: _ '_ _ ' -? . '' ? 1 j When the distribution of premiums was over, { '' the Bishop addressed the parents . an.,l children r1' in the following words: Ladies arid geiibleinen, » ,- I have to congratulate you on the creditable t display which. your sons have made here to-day. P,-?, I have been most agre'ea.-ily disappointed, for I ' ' i did not think it possible that such ih'&rked; pro ' greBS could have been inside iu the short; period ,' *- during which this school has -been 'established. i it has not been in ?ixist'jnue more 'tii.au eleven !? months, and the result uf the\' examinations' proves that there mast have been application of I tive most intense kiud on the par), of the ; boys, \- and supervision of no ordinary kind' on the part ! «f the teachers; I have, been, engaged in e\iiica I tion duria» the best part of niy lifc, and, oonse ( fljnently, may be presumed capable of forming an I' opinion on the marital or demerits of an educa \ tional establishmoiit. Well, then, I say ib now, ['} deliberately, arid from conviction,, that, taking I the ages of the boys and 'their length of time iu [ \ the school, the ycnug gentlemen of St. Stanislaus' ! High School would creditably compare witu [ ' (students in scholastic estab shmencH of long I standing and high repute in Australia or any ?- » where else. '?-???'? The result of this examination gives me the ; highest satisfaction, as it is a guarantee of [ ' ' ? future Buceess under its efficient teachers, and it is the fondest wish of riiy heart; and it shall be my most constant earnest desire that, before many' years shall have passed, t.he brighest laurel and the proudest, boast of the young men of my diocese, shall be to have been educated in St. Stanislaus' High School. 1 am aware, young gentlemen, that you are mostly '.all the sons of Irish parents. I am rejoiced that, like your progenitors, you inherit the love of science and literature, and like them, too, that yeu value it and esteem it more when based on religion. When the Goth and the Vandal had banished learning from the face of Continental Europe, an abiding place was found for her in Ireland amongst the graceful c.oisters of the veligiouB ; and so renowned did that island of saints become during the three or four centuries that followed the disrnption of the Koman empire that it attracted thither the youth of the continent, to be educated in her renowned schools.; and even the mighty Emperor of France,' Charle magne, sent to Ireland for a great master, to suply the intellectual deficiency, which then 'existed everywhere outside Ireland. I will read for you a passage from Dr. Dollinger, which will ;show to a certain extent what your ancient race was in literature and science ;—' During fche sixth and seventh centuries, the church of Ireland stood in the beauty of its bloom. The spirit of the Gospel operated amongst the people with a vigotouB and vivifying power ; troops of holy men, from the highest to the lowest ranks of society, obeyed the counsel of Christ, and forsook all things that thev might follow Him.' There was not a country of the world, during this period, which could boast of pious founda tions or of religious conanuunities equal to those that adorned this far distant island. Among.the Irish, the doctrines of the Christian religion were preserved pure and entire; the names of heresy or schism were not known to thein ; and in the Bishop of Uome they acknowledged and venerated a Supreme Head of the Church on earth, and continued with him and through him with the old Church, in a never-interrupted communion. The schools in the Irish cloisters were at tbis time the most celebrated in all the West ; and, in addition to those which have been already mentioned there flourished the schools of St. Finian of Clonard, founded in 530 and those of Cataldua, founded in 640. Whilst almost the whole of Europe was desolated by war, peaceful Ireland, free from the invasions of external foes, opened to the lovers of learning and piety a welcome asylum. The strangers, who visited the island, not only from the neigh bouring shores of Britain, bub also from the most remote nations of the continent received from the Irish people the most hospitable reception, and even the books that were necessary for their studies. Thus in the year- 536, in the time of St. Senanas, there arrived at Cork, from the Continent, fifteen monks, who were led thither by their desire to perfect themselves in the practices of an ascetic life under Irish directors, and to study the Sacred Scriptures in the school established a ear the city. At a later period, after, the year 650, the Anglo-Saxons in particu lar, passed over to Ireland in great Kumbers for the same laudable purposes. On the other hand, many holy and learned Irishmen left their own country to proclaim the faith, to establish or to reform monasteries in distant lands, and thus to become the benefactors of almost every nation in Europe.' Prom the extract I hav read, you will perceive, young gentlemen,. that in following, however remotely, the examples of your progenitors, you need not have cause to .blush or hang your heads for shame. I now cheerfully. resign you to the invigorating influ ence of the holidays. I hope you will eujoy tueae aays oi rmaxanuu, ;uiu luaii yuu win re turn at their conclusion with a firm purpose of striving hard for the places of honour in your several classes at the recurrence of your Mid summer examinations in 1868. The boys before dispersing gave three raptur ous cheers for his Lordship, and then broke up. At 2 o'clock in the afternoon, the children of the Certified Denominational boys'. . school met for the purpose of receiving prizes iu their vari ous classes, and as in the morning, they were questioned by their teachers in the secular branches of education,, and by his Lordship personally in their religious knowledge. When the distribution of prizes was concludes, his Lordship said that he did not at all feel sur prised at the literary and religious knowledge displayed by the boys in this schpol. He kad bo«n surprised in the incruiug, not having anti cipated such attainments but he expected much from this school iu consequence of the well known ability, . zeal,', and perseverance of their teacher, and this* hi-jh expectation wa3 fully and most, satisfactorily satisfied. On his owu part, and in slie name of th«:r parents, he thanked their good master for his assiduity and devoted ness bo the v«t y ouerous and important duties of hi » vocation. . 'i am rejoiced (continued his Lordship) to rind such proficiency in this school in the several branches of Arithmetic and the facility and accuracy of solving questions' by the rulea of -mental' culiwUitum pleased me much; for 1 consider 'accurate and well grounded knowledge of (his kind most important for use in after life, and consequently of the highest value ; and therefore 1 shall always look upon ib us the test for promotion in the schools through out my diocese. I intend holding annual ex aminations in eash of those schools over which I have authority. In eveiy such school, with one exception, satisfactory reports have been re corded by tlw Inspector of the Council of Educa tion. Witu the solitavy exception they are up to and above the requirements of the secular standard ; ami in religious knowledge, those that 1 have personally examined—and I have ex amined the most of. tiiem — have given me great satisfaction. I value this feature in my schools above all others for, although I am desirous of having my young people thoroughly educated in secular matters^ I at the same time value the education only in proportion to the manner in which religion is made the basis of it. Your answering today has pleased mo much; but; yohr knowledge of the principles of your holy faith hoe benn to me the greatest source of con solation. It is my intention to make this the Model ^School of my diocese, and to train uj- teach'ers in it to supply the Citholie schools. ] trust I shall , be assisted by the Council of Edu cation in this design; but whether or no, such is myj.ihtenbion ; and in theBe exertions for the advancement of Catholic education, I am certain of success, for I shall have ample assistance, at all events in the strong and united voice and co operation of theCatholicBiu tlie Western districts. And now, my dear little children, I will dismiss you for the holidays ; and trust you will show by your good conduct, that you have profited by the good instruction, both religious and secular, imparted to you here during the past year.' The;«chool then broke up, both teachers and scholars having given three lusty cheers for the Bishop. . On Friday the distribution of prizes took place in the female schools. The rooms were taste fully decorated for the occasion, and a numerous crowd of parents and visitors were present to witness or take part in the proceedings. The, very handsome specimens of needlework, plain and ornamental, that were laid out in proper order for exhibition and inspection, gave proof of great care on the part of the Sisters as well as many hours of delicate manipulation on the part of the children. Creditable specimens of draw ing, and some of them, especially the productions the Ladies in the High School, of a superior kind were placed along the desks, and elicited great approbation. As in the boys' schools, on the preceding day, the children, before getting their prizes, were questioned by their teachers, and by the Bishop, and acquitted themselves *to entire satisfaction of their parents and all present. Hia Lordship then addressed the children of. the Denominational School, and told them that he professed to know something about reading writ ing, and figures ; but although he was not well skilled in needlework, yet; the specimens of their handiwork in that regard look very pleasing to the eye. I am glad (said his Lordship) that the useful, and indeed indispensable acquire ments ot good housekeepers, have formed so conspicuous a part in the training of this school. Females generally carry into their own homes the influences of gentleness, pietj, devotion, and affection. Well educated piouG females, like the daughters of the Gracea, make their abiding places the scenes of serenity and peace, and if perfect happiness does not reign supreme within the circles of such influences, it is because God has ordained that perfect happiness cannot be found in this warkl. Hence it is ray dear children, thab I am so pleased with the proofs given at this early age, that you are collecting the knowledge not only intellectual but material, which will be of such practical advantage to you when you come, in the natural course of things, to be the dispensers of happiness in your future homes. May God grant that the pious lessons you have . the happiness to receive from the Sisters icwho are directing your studies, and moulding you'; like tender plants, to virtue, will bear everlasting fruit, temporarily in this life, and-eteriially in the next. In this couutry there are the descendants of inhabitants from almost every nation in Europe. 2STo matter .from what country soever they may happen to come, each' person will l\ave something in par ticular to be proud of in connection with his country's name. Well, my children, the country from which your parents have come, has one thing, of which, indeed, shecan be, and is justly proud, and which is, and always has been, the brightest gem hi her crown. This priceless gem is the virtue of her daughters. Poor, indeed, they may be in the wealth of the world, but all admit that in virtue they are rich. Now, my dear little children, this is far more creditable to the honour of your friends in Ireland than if it were said of them that they were accomplished in all graces of this world, and had all its trea sures at command. Emulate their virtuous con duct ; and where can you be so well instructed, or formed to the practice of those virtues, as among a sisterhood, which by the renunciation of everything pit earth, and the total abnegation of self, have given the brightest example of the virtues ?,'; The -prizes were then distributed, and the children' dismissed for the holidays. After a short respite, the females in the High School went through an examination before their parents and friends. One noticeable fea ture in this school was the proficiency in music and French. Seveial of the. young ladies sus I tained a long conversational dialogue with Monsieur Riinnetto, in French, thus evidencing in the best manner possible, their thorough atid accurate acquaintance with that language. Each young lady, in turn, gave visible and audible proof of her knowledge of music and singing, by taking her place at the piano, and playing a selection from the great opcraB so well known to l'amt. Atcera.coupleof hours had passed in examining the ladies, the prizes were awarded, and the Bishop, brought the proceedings to a close iu a speech, of which the following is but an epitome. He said :— '? Ladie3, Gentlemen, and Dear Chil-. dren,--This day brings our academic year to a close, and for my part, though I have seen many climes, anil have had my share of rejoicings, and, thank God, very little aiiiictions, yet the last few dayB have given me greater pleasure than I have ever enjoyed. We have two schools here- -a male and female school— not yet established 11 months — still I venture to affirm that they are not inferior to any in the colony; nay, more, (and here L, speak from experience), they could be ' Cijmp'aredj'with advantage witu many in the old country, of long and respectable stauding. What is tha cause oi this 1 There has been perseve rance, a true spirit of self-denial for the sake of tlie children — self- denial1— a thing un'cnown in those schools where religion'iis not the corner 'stone 'on which' the education of youth is placed. Let iio person, then, pome forward and tell us that education and religion must be sepa rated. Here, by the beautiful aud beneficent ?ffeetfl of the Utter, we hare seen eebooh) rim up is if by magic. In every age the wisest, of meik . have taught that virtue and religion alone united with education, can make men and nations great. You are all aware that it had been the special care of the great philosophers ' of antiquity, in ! ancient Greece and Rome, to form schools for the braining of youths, and the greatest of these great philosophers have even urged that virtue and education should walk band in hand. The great motto of Plato, the prince of philosophers, tvae that, 'There is nothing more divine than t-£ form children in virtue.' Mark the word ?' divine.' Such was. the great esteem that this pagan had for virtue, that he declared it a God like act to teach the youthful to obey its precepts. Aristotle the philosopher, so much admiied, even in the present day, for the wisdom of hia sayings says — 'All depends oa the education of children, whether as regards .'?; ? individuals, or the entire commonwealth ;-. for good customs are the fruit of a plant. cultivated^: and of a youth well disciplined.' It has been weUremarkedbyan eminent scholar; that ' moral life his its birth, and* its progress, no less ; than natural life. A child that is deformed at its birth, will be deformed during life* ? The same may be said, relatively, of a man whose mind has not been well trained in his * } youth. Without a species of miracle he will be vicious in his old age.' 'Train up a ' child,' says the Holy Ghost, ' in the way' he should go ; even in old age he will nbfe. depart from it.' And Holy Job says, of, the wicked man, ' that the vices of his youth will sleep with him in the dust.' The opinions of the great modern statesmen, Peel, Russell, Gladstone (here his Lordship cited a number of eminent names favourable t-V his view of the case), are unanimous in declaring. that, to fee efficacious, religion and education must bo hand in hand ; and Guizot the most illustrious of French statesmen, and a Protestant, emphatically pronounces this opinion. In fine all the great men of the day declare that education, combined with religion, is necessary for the stability of th© state, .and that any state is fast hastening to decay and ruin where these two fair sisters are unnaturally separated. Here, thank Gcd, thejp are not put asunder, but both go hand in hand — the one pointing Heavenward whilst the other explains the things of earth. Education opens out the treasures of knowledge before the young mind, explains to it the principles of science and letters, and imparts to it a tone of activity and energy well calculated to the due develop- -\ ment of every human faculty ; but I ask any rational being, who knows that man is composed of body and sonl, is this all-sufficient ? Is there no such desideratum as th« trainina of +.V-« Viao**: the cultivation of the moral faculties^ and the subjection of the passions. Will man, in tn«b, storms and strifes of life, control his eril in clinations, subjugate his appetites, and repress thoBe'yicious desires so pernicious to himself and society, merely because his intellectual nature has received development? Alas: my dear friends, experience has, in every age, given ub examples of sad depravity of heart and laxity of morals, accompanying the highest culture of the intellect. Religion, and religion alone, it is thafe aids the development of the nobler faculties, and where she assists and directs, the results, so earnestly desired by the great thinkers of an cient and modern times, are certain of attainment namely, the full development .of the intellectual as well as of the moral activities. Well, my dear ladies you, at all events, have the great advantage of being trained in schools where ir religion and corruption of heazt will not be the. sad consequences of your intellectual culture. You are taught by ladies who, in another landp /received the highest education, aud who, before they abandoned everything for the Kingdom of God, walked in the highest ranks of society, and were members of the first families in their native places. I will read to you their description ict the beautiful language of the poet : ' She once was a lady of honour and wealth, . Bright glowed in her features the roses of health ; Her vesture was blended of silk aud of gold, And her motion shook perfume from every fold; Joy revelled around her— love shone at h«r side, And gay was her smile as the glance of a bride. And light was her step in the mirth- sounding hall, When she heard of the daughters of Vincent de Jfaul.' Thia description exactly applies to each of the1 sisters engaged in training your youthful iniada.. What, then, do they waut in order to mu,ke them models for your imitation ? Is it 'learning ? They were taught, as ladies, from iuieir child hood, and moved in the highest rauks of society,, Is it sanctity and blauielesaness of life ? Suffice it to say they are Sisters of Mercy. Is ifc de votedness and courage? Lot the 15,000 miles of boisterous ocean, and the perils of the deep which they braved to carry to you the benefit* of their services, answer. Let the terrors of Balaclava and the horrors of the hospitals at . Scutari, bear testimony to the courage and de votedness of the head of this convent, whos& siscer — a mother superior like herself —from - begiuning to end of the Crimean War, forgot the pleasures of home, and abandoned family and XI1U11U.O VU pifUl U1XC . kJcllllL UL tVJUliULU UtlilX WIU ' consolations of religion in the soula of the poot. wounded soldiers during that dreadful campaign, . I fear, xny dear friends, I have been carnecP , away, anci have unintentionally trespassed oa your patience, but luy kearb is rejoiced at th* prospects before me of having, iu your virtuous daughters, what my heart so earnestly desires— - a rising generation of good and religious, at iiie same time highly accomplished, females who/iu': their futures homes, Will cause the sanctifying influence of religion to be felt. And now, my dear children, 1 will take my leave of you, ii.. * : the firm hope that you will always remember- , and put into practice the admonitions and instruction § you have received during the yo.'tf- . from the religious sisterhood under whose cohv ; trol you haye, had the bappineea of being placed^ : 