KOUOH NOTES OF THE WEEK. By CiKnm On sea and laud the present Ministry are equally at home. One week the Treasurer and the Commissioner of Crown Lands are eallonini? through the Sant.h.F.not of *J.~ — .*« of 70 miles per day, and the next week tho Chief Secretary and the Commissioner of Public Works are ploughing the briny deep in the steamer Goolwa. ' They've journeyed over many lands; They've sailed on every sea,' And as the songs which commemorated their exploits ashore have been sung in large typo throughout the districts of the South-Eastern border, why shouldn't their poet laureate do equal justice to the recent voyage at sea? Was not the ' cuisine' on board the Goolwa excellent? Were not the waves rough? And was not the Head of the Ministry, as well as the stomach, a little affected by the dis turbing element ? All this, and much more, may be found duly set down by the recording angels of the Daily Press ; whilst as to the following touching version of the affair, that speaks for itself: — Ye Gestleuen of Adelaide. By the C. S. Ye gentlemen of Adelaide, Who live at home ut ease. Ah ! little do you think upon The dancers of the seas. Heie overhead the tempest roars Throughout the stormy night Whilst down below that Philip snores With Kingston and with Bright I feel within my beating breast The germs of mighty deeds; I feel a deep— a strange unrest— ((J, bans these nasty weeds.) [Throw t away his cigar.] I feel a fluttering at the heart. Which speaks of bold emprise; Or can it be the damson tart. The veal or pi? eon pies! ' O, Philip, 'tis a fearful night; There s danger on the deep.' Now do, good fellow, strike a light, And not lie there asleep. Let Bright and Kingston snore profound In stoung as well as calms; But you, dear !*anto, you are bound To share your chieftain's qualms. I Causfor the steward.] But, to return to dry land, ami also to dry prose. I am glad to see the success of the grand bazaar in Pirie-street. Yet, who cnuld doubt of the success of a 'Draper's Memorial' movement, whilst Cotton con tinued active and in good demand? Then there is the assistance which has boon given by the new publication Our Times—a kind of publication, in fact, by which society may succeed in turning over quite a now leaf. I would suggest, indeed, that 'Every Man his own Newspaper Publisher' might be tho title of a very nice little book, written to show the advantages of largely extending the practice of printing journals at bazaars and fancy fairs. Why, for instance, shouldn't every soiree, concert, and public mooting have its own newspaper ? See what a con venience it would be if, at a musical and literary entertainment, the intervals between the pieces could be filled up by tho printing and circulation of a iiioe little newspaper^ — the Chbjnnn Gazetts, for iustanoe, or the Mantilla Times. With a small press fixed in the corner, and with a multum in parvo editor, reporter, and compositor at a little table close by, a fresh edition might be pub lished every hour, containing leading articles on the fashions as exhibited by the ladies present, a critique or two on the songs which had been just sung, a few local paragraphs a3 to the way in which the room was venti lated, or the unreasonable manner in which the audience insisted upon enoores (a matter which I am glad to say is already being dealt with by 4-An Amateur'), and a short column of advertisements like the subjoined : — ' Lost, near the entrance, a yellow cane, be onging to a gentleman in the front seats, with an ivory head. Also, three or four capital Us, « hich were accidentally dropped a few minutes ago iu the midst of a recitation.' Or as follows : — ' Found, in tbe Refreshment Room, the voice lost by the last performer when he attempted to sin? 'Coins into the garden, Maud,' together with two fa)*'1 keys and a bundle of notes.' In fact, the idea is such a good one that if properly carried out, people might be able to sec themselves in print almost as easily a» they can see thoir faces in a looking- glass. Indeed, the mirror might Ikj held up to Naturo with such promptitude and iidelity, that at last our manifold printing-machines would be able to outstrip those London presses (Catnach's and others) that supply the public with ' last dying speeohes' a aay or two before tho da.to of tho execution tQ whiuU they relate, The evil of centralization in Hospital mat ters is often shown by the results of acci dents which take place in the country. The establishment for dealing with fractured limbs is in Adelaide, aud therefore if people meet with accidents a long distance iu the country, they have to be brought all the way to the city, at the risk of being killed by the journey. La3t week, for instance, a man dislocated his anole at Stcelton, whereupon he was removed to Kapunda, a distance of 22 miles ; and then he was sent forward the next day by railway to the Adelaide Hos pital, where it was found necessary to amputate the poor fellow's foot. Fanoy a journey of this sort with a foot that required amputation ! Of course there cannot be a Hospital in every town of the colony. Hut it is time there was one some where to the north of Adelaide. At home some of the finest meilic.il institutions in tho world are to be found in the Borough ; but here the Burra is without even so much as a public Dispensary. Another Hospital matter worth notioe ia the inquest which was held on Thursday last, when it appears that a young woman who had been confined only a little more than a week had been brought by the police all the way from the Bay, in order to await the result of the investigation. This naturally caused some surprise on tho part of the Coroner, and the Jury 'expressed their displeasure that the mother of the child should have been brought up from Glenelg in her present delicate state. It seems that tbe detectives hail been set to work iu the matter, and that in the excess of their zeal they ' outran the constable. ' But, after all, it doesn't appear to have been a case in which there was much to detect. The letter which Dr. Schomburgk has re ceived from a gentleman in Tasmania, wl'Q was recently a visitor in South Australia, is rather alarming. It opens in the circum stantial style of one uf De Foe's ghost stories, by stating that, on consideration, tho correspondent had thought it desirable to ' commit' the matter to writing, and thon he goes on to say — ' In the first month of the present year I was at Melrosp, and the evening before I left was about 9 o'clock in the company of a friend walking close to the line of telegraph- posts. We had just passed a post about 100 yards from the building used aa a public schoolroom, when we heard a noise issuing from the earth. [This smells 0/ brimstone.l My friend who was nearest to the pwt started off on the run, thinking the post waa falling upon him. A glance of the eye assured me of the safety both of the post and of my friend ; but tbe euddeness of the thiug and its accompaniment prevented my paying bo much attention to tho sound as otherwise I probably should have done, [fhit is a greqt pity. \ The noise continued several secondR, and seemed to extend over an area of a few square feet and may not inaptly be compared to the hissing of Vie oases from beer in barrel* in a state of fermentation removing the vent peg*, supposing that from a dozen to a score were removed simul taneously. The question naturally arises, -what caused this rushing airf ' Unquestionably the matter is one which calls for serious investigation. At first the proximity of the schoolhouse to the telegraph line suggests that the schoolmaster with his pupils might have been at his post, giving lessons iu electro-boyology. Tlien in tho next place the statement that the sound reminded the listeners of Leer is an admission that ifyey were not teetotallers, and that perhaps they had been calling spirits from the vasty deep when they were startled by the rushing 'noise underneath their feet. At all events the subject is full of mystery. The writer of the letter thinks that tne noise might have been caused by a mineral depqsit evolving gas, in whioh case a strict enquiry mi^'Ut lead to the dis covery of a new copper mine ; whilst in tho matter of the gas itself there is no knowing what advantages the discovery may not give to the Company which is being established for lighting the country towns of the colony. This adventure at Melrose, at all events, fully confirms the words of Sir Walter Scott in the ' Lay of the Last Minstrel'— ' J? ^iP? would'rt view fair Melrose aright, Go visit it by the pale moonlight' All work and no pay makes Jack a dull boy, ia the complaint of Mr. Bright at the Central Road Board. He therefore says with the poet (tha bard of ftundle-ptreet)— O'thfc heart that leaps up for (he land 0! his birth 1« a heart that U fitted for jjum anfl for Words: But O what is the time of the patriot worth, When he rides on the highways and siU on the Boards r There is fame and there'» honour, but why should you trouble Thegood men of to-day with such trifling andplayl For the one is a shadow-the other a bubble, And there'B nothing that's solid bat pudding ana pay. But the Commissioners of the Central Road Board are right not to work and travel about for nothing. Otherwise, where would ? the matter 'end ? I wje, for instance, that I one firm pf coach proprietors 'beg to inform the Northern settlers and gentlemen pro- reeding to the. Northern Territory that they nave taken the mail contract from Kooringa mi ^j?11''1 'a Molroso and Kanyaka.' Why, Government officials will bo exjMJctod to jo and inspect public works at tho Gulf of Carpentaria by-and-by. A correspondent iu tho South, wlio wrote \ little while ago about the pigs, now says :— ' Your insertion of poor piggus'a grunt gave much satisfaction and amusement, buuidua doing good ;' and then ho brings forward a complaint about shoemakers, lie says :— 'Can you inform one who has long nought to know why we in the eountry should be made to pay so much more for our Ikxh« and »hoe» tban ho»eintownf Is it because the shoemaker* get their house-rent and firing cheaper, and their water for notW, or what can ft be! With the prcseut 1 it HVhc8.f° ^eep lllc'r 1UU|* ones' feet well uau ! Before the diifgniw we could act our ihoet made and broupht 10 mile for 12*. (womeuU and 15* (men's), with three months' credit. Mut now we are made to pay from ltfc. to 18*., and often for inferior work and leather, whilst the ihoeuiakuii. too. live cKe at band.' In a dilHcult matter liko tho foregoing involving questions of tho men's solo and the feinuie xole—l should certainly advise tho correspondent to consult a lawyer; unless, iiideod, he cau see his way cloar to tho giving of measure for measure by making tho shoemakers pay double prico for their wheat, taters, and turmuttj. That calm 'judicial tone,' which Mr. 1 Michie, of Victoria, is so anxious to sue- ' cultivated in the colonial Press, ii, I am * glad to see, already fully adopted in the cor respondence of the Wallaroo Times, whoro, amongst other just and moderate criticisms, there is 0110 which describes 'Candid,' of the llrijtiter, as a writer who u inllicta every week upon the readers of that i-apor a burden of poetry and puns— tho poetry of a quality inferior to tho worst of that which is retailed about the streets of l-mdon nt three yards a peuny ; the puns, tho few that are good, uublushingly cribbod from repu tiblo authors; whilst tho remainder are 'CandidV own unmitigated trash.' How truthful and honest a criti.1i.1111 nn.l it tho same time how Umipurutu and courteous! It really dosorves to ho quoted, if only as a curiosity of literature, lleaiihw, it is noticeable as one of a class of compli mentary notices for which tho Wallaroo Press is the chosen aud favoured vehicle. To show that plain shaking \a not yot forgotten in the pulpit, a corrospoinlont soikIh tho following wrlulim noto of a primitiiv appeal which a minister near Adelaide inado to the congregation in the course of his «or inou the Sunday before last:— 'This ia the day appointed for the quarterly collection, when the friends will wait upon you for your contributions. To-morrow in tho quarterly meeting, when 1 shall expect to receive my ' tin' (sic). If you take a load of wheat to market you expect to get a cheque for it, and as I wurk for you I Hhall expuct my ' tiu' to- morrow,' Assisted by this kind of tin tiuabulation, ';t-ho drum ecclesiastic' ought to be limdo to produce a very satisfactory kind of music. General remark has been made that at tho recent Criminal Sittings the Crown Solicitor «as blessed with 1111 unusually largo number uf acquittals. Hut I supixwo ho is not bo tender-hearted as to bo gfml to hoo criminals iMcapo. At all uvuuta, Allan wan found Lfuilty, and perhaps it was boeauae so many nther prisoners had got off that ho camo in for more than a fidl sharo of punishment. 