TOPICS OF THE DAY. The monthly meeting of the Philo- <*> sophical Society will take place to- night This evening the annual soiree of the Lefevre-terrace Young Men's Society will be held in the Baptist Church, Lefevre-tereace. We are informed that Mr. G, T. Marstoa has succeeded Messrs. J. G. Thompson and Co. aa special agent for Renter's Company at Ceylon. The Court of Disputed Returns will ait thia morning to enquire into the petition against the return of Mr. John Dunn as member for Mount Barker. At the meeting of the City Council on Monday, Mr. Councillor Pulsford withdrew his motion for calling a meeting of the citizens to adopt a sixpenny rate. Many head of cattle have died from cold, caught during tha last rains. Both horses and cows have succumbed, particularly where cows were calving at the time. The Almanda appears to be a great fact, judging from the yield of silver, of which we: understand upwards of 830 ounces were brought into town on Saturday evening. The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court wfll be resumed this morning. The cases set down are Comyns v. Jacob, and South Austra lian Banking Company v. Ayers and Others. The Legislative Council will meet this afternoon, pursuant to adjournment It is likely to be only a formal meeting, after which in all probability the House will adjourn for a week. It will be interesting to some of our readers to hear that Mr. John Sprod, of Nor wood, son of Mr. J. H. N. Sprod, and formerly one of Mr. Young's pupils, has passed the pre liminary examination of the Royal College of Bsageuns in Ireland, * Capt. Heath, of the Cynthia schooner, which arrived at the Port on Monday morning, informs ub that about 2 o'clock on Sunday ! morning a fire broke out at the head station building of Messrs. Rogers, Lander, 4 Stevens'! station, and did great damage. We publish elsewhere an account of the Atrato, with the Panama mail, having pat back to Southampton disabled, and the dispatch of the Tasmania with her mails. In consequence of this detention the Buahine may not be ex pected at Sydney until about October 8. A very pretty specimen of gold in con glomerate of ironstone md quartz, the former preponderating, was exhibited in the window of Mr. Sawtell's shop. Bundle-street, on Monday. We have seen two beautiful specimens of gold, prettily mixed with, quartz in layers, that a man brought in from Jupiter Greek on Satur day. These specimens weighed apparently about an ounce and a half each, and one of them had a little ironstone about it They will be sold by auction at Messrs. Townsend, Botting, k Kay's mart to-day. The Victoria Regia at the Botanic Gar dens is now in bloom. We are indebted to tile courtesy of Dr. Schomburgk for the following interesting particulars of the blooming of this extraordinary plant :—On the 20th the 6ret bud was discovered, and on the 28th, about 5 p.m. the flower began to open. A few hours before it expanded the bnd was seen to move itself as far as possible in one direction, then back again in a semicirole. It finally raised itself out of the water to rest and expand upon the young leaf with which it was produced. Th? flower is very fragrant, the perfume being that of a pineapple. At the present time it is over 13 inches in diameter, the largest leaf being 5 feet 2 inches. On Monday, September 28, we had an opportunity of seeing a number of seals which have been made to the order of the Independent Order of Oddfellows, Manchester Unity. There are 79 in number; 75 representing the various branches, and four representing the districts of the Order. The frames and fittings, which con sist entirely of ironwork, were made by Mr. S. Strapps, ironfounder, of Currie-straet, the die having been engraved by Mr. Schmidt, of Gawler-place. The painting—a black Japan ground and gilt lining—was done by Mr. F. Hagedorn, of HuuHey-street. The press— which has been finished in a highly creditable manner—in every respect is superior to the im ported one, and costs but a few shillings more, with the advantage of having several additional words introduced. On Monday evening the Carandini company appeared again at the Theatre Royal to a better audience than they have usually had. The demands upon our space in consequence of the arrival of the WnglisK mail preclude ex tended notice, but the singing of Madame Catandini and her daughters was as much en joyed as ever. Among the gems of the evening were the duet "Of Fairy Wand," from "Mari tana," by Miss Bosina Carandini and Mr. Sherwin; "The Bonnie Hills of Scotland," by Miss Fannie Carandini ; and " What a merry, merry life we Gipsies lead," by the company. Several encores were responded to, the most en thusiastic being that awarded to Miss Fannie for '* The Bonnie Hills of Scotland." To-night is a command night, when His Excellency Colonel and Mrs. Hamley are expected to be present, and there is a tolerable certainty of a brilliant house, judging from the tickets that have been taken. On Monday evening the intercolonial chess match was resumed. It not being gene rally known that the Melbourne Club had agreed to finish the games there was not such a j crowd at the Telegraph Office as on the previous evenings of the tournament. At half-past 9 Mr. Steele's Victorian opponent in No. 1 game re- ' signed, the Adelaide side thus winning the first game. Mr. Thwaitet, of No. 7, lost his decided advantage by one mistaken move, and it be came evident that he could only hope for a draw. This he did not succeed in forcing. At the 70th move Mr. Thwaites requested his op ponent to count 50 moves, there being king and -castle on his side against king and queen on the Victorian aide. An injudicious move with the castle broke the charm of per petual motion, and at the 12th move after ' counting began Adelaide yielded at 3.30 a.m.. checkmate being, imminpnt. There were 82 moves in this game, which, although long, -was played rapidly. At 4 a.m. games 3 and 4 were unfinished, and there was no prospect of a very speedy termination. The ?h???i?ft were all against Adelaide, and Messrs. Scott and Char lick's best hope was in bringing abont a draw. On Monday evening a most cruel act was perpetrated at Dry Creek by some person or persons unknown—the victimbeinga valuable I horse, the property of a Mr. Tennant, sheep fanner, of Port Lincoln. From what we can ' learn it appears an aboriginal native in the employ of Mr. Tennant was coming into Ada- j hide on the hone and stopped at the Gepp's ' Cross Inn for a short time, where he thinks be must have gone to sleep, for after coming into town he found that he had been robbed to the extent of about £3, and on taking the horse to the John 801 l Yards, ii was dis- ' covered that the horse was bleeding pro fusely—the result of some 20 stabs which i had been inflicted, as the natiM thinks, by some soldiers, for he states that the only per sons he saw about the Gepp's Cross Inn when he stopped were foir soldiers and two females. The horse had been ridden pretty freely, and from the loss of blood, which the native states he was ignorant of, the unfortunate ?mm?l wt? almost exhausted. We may mention that the parties at the John 8011, on Im—tjt?e the cir cumstances, requested the native to accompany them to the Detective Office, where be was care fully searched; but nothing was found that would give any suspicion that the cruel deed had been committed by him. On Monday evening, September 28, the nineteenth half- yearly soiree of the Trinity Church Young Men's Mntual Improvement Society was held in the Trinity Church School room, which was nicely decorated with flowers, &c; , for the occasion. There was a very large attendance, many parsons being obliged to stand. The .chair was occupied by Mr. S. TomJrinson, who in commencing the proceedings referred to the benefits he, in common with others, had received from attending a Young Men's Society. They were of great use, and many advantages were to be derived from them. Ha then called on Messrs. T. W. Lyons and A. James, who gave the duet "Flow gently Deva." After a recitation by Mr. A. McDonald, Mrs. T. Lyons sung " Gentle Trou badour,'' which made way for the first portion of the Bey. J. Gardner's lecture on Elocution. In commencing bis lecture Mr. Gardner said, in compliance with a request by the Bey. Mr. Reid that he would give a lecture be came before them on that occasion. He referred to poetry, painting, and music as the fine arts, the former being the music of the heart, painting pleased the eye, and music was the melody of the souL The next position, he thought, might be fairly given to eloquence—the art of distinct articulation or utterance. For this a good voice was necessary, and the baritone was considered best. The rev. gentleman related an anecdote of Professor Wilson, of Edinburgh, who had a very fine voice, of which he was not a little proud. A conversation between the Professor and the Etlrick Shepherd (James Hogg) was given by Mr. Gardner, and aa the latter spoke in his native tongue, there was oonsiderable laughter. The rev. gentleman went on to speak of errors in writing and spelling, and of woman's voice, which though the softest, sweetest, and most nanni^ might, if not pro perly trained, be spoilt. In like mumi^r, the tone of man's voice,' though noble and com manding, if it had not undergone proper train ing, would be entirely lost on the hearers. He thought that by a proper training of the human voice, many firesides would be rendered doubly attractive, and many happy hours might be spent with some of their best authors. Painting was well, but it only afforded amuse ment to one; music the same, but both, he thought, rendered the palm to eloquence. By a proper use of this, both amusement and in struction could be combined. The height of eloquence was to make the hearers forget the actor while their interest was centred on the character represented. The lecturer concluded the first portion of the lecture 'wrifl great applause. Mr. A. James sung in 'a masterly manner the song " When Time Hath Bereft Thee;" followed by Mr. A. MuUenTwfao gave a recitation. The first part of the programme was conclnded by Mus Vaughan singing her well-known song " Kathleen Mavourneen." The second half of the evening's entertainment was commenced by two. songs fallowed by a reading from one of Dickemrs works. After a duet by Messrs. T. W. Lyons, and A. James, the Bey. Mr. Gardner illustrated the second portion of his lecture by reciting "Young Locbinvar" and the " Haunted' House," ma manner that elicited rounds of applause. This was immediately attended by MVC~Lyons singing "Molly Asthore." The next on the programme was a scene from Shakespeare's play of "Hamlet," in which Messrs. W Shakespeare, F. Calf, A. Mullen, and O. Potter took parts. For the better rendering of the moonlight encounter between Hamlet and his father's ghost the lights were turned down, but the effect of the scene was con siderably marred by a continual request from some person behind that the ghost would speak a little louder, which, of course, rendered thejkeeping of a serious fa*> almost impossible. The song "lily Bells," by Mi>a Vaughan, concluded the evening's entertain ment. The Bey. B. Beid, in a few appropriate remarks, moved a vote of thanks to the rev. lecturer, Mr. Gardner, which was carried by acclamation: The Rev. J. Gardner, in return ing thanks, said he should carry away with him on the next day very happy ncollestions of bis last night in Australia. He had sought to do good both amongst his own peopla and others and if any person from Australia should visit the lovely isle to which he was going he hoped they would give him a call, and he would wel come them tbe same as ha always had done ia Australia. Mr. S. Toms proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman and the performers, which waa also carried by acclamation. The meeting broke op by the singing of "God Save the Owen." 