MESMERISM. I Dr. Cabr lately -exhibited his powers in the art of mesmerism before the Bathurst public,' which, from the description giveu of them, could scarcely fail of being highly amusing, aud of produciug mingled feelings of awe and admi ration on tbe part of those who witnessed them. 1 he Bathurst Free Press says : — ' In addition to the usual illustrations of mesmeric phenomena, the doctor performed two surgical operations which excited the wonder and drew down;the most enthusiastic applauses of the bouse. At the coipmencemeot of the evening's proceedings the doctor -stepped for ward and invited the meeting to choose their own chairman. Mr. T. J. Hawkins, of Wal mer, being named, said he had no objections and accordingly he went rouBd to the stage, and took bis seat. The doctor then stepped /orward, and said he was now prepared to ex tract teeth, or to perform surgical operations, without pain to the patients; if any persons present needed his assistance in these ways, and were willing to submit themselves to mes meric influence, he should be glad if they would come upon the stage. A boy presented himself for the extraction-ef a- tooth; also an elderly man with a cancer on bis under lip. With very little trouble, and seemingly without effort, the boy subject was soon inducted and a tooth drawn, without the slightest uneasy mo tion on his part, and who, on being awoke, walked comfortably to his seat. The doctor then came to the front of tbe stage, and fisio' his eyes on a young man who had his arm in a sling, and-who sat in a front seat in the pit, made a few passes forward, and the youoa man slowly rose from his seat .and approached ?the stage, wbich reached nearly breast high, where, of course, his progress was impeded. The doctor, however, commandingly, though vin^silence, beckoned him to mount tbe stage, wnen he at once placed bis left hand on the boards, and raised himself sloiwly up, .his one hand — the left — acting as a lever, a„nd in a few- -moments he^ stood close -to the doctor. After making..a few passes round the head and face of tbte patient, the doctor placed himself in a chair, and taking the bandages from off the right band (from which- Dr. ? Carr had the evening previous amputated a contracted finger) proceeded to take 'off another finger from~the same hand. The operation Was soon performed, the hand dressed and placed in a sling, when the doctor at once awoke him. The young man then expressed his thanks to the doctor, and stated to tbe audience that he 1 felt no , pain during th/a operation, nor even whilst he was now speaking^ He said that he had felt no jpain the evening before until about four hburs after the' operation of taking off his other finger had been performed. He al60 further said that It had been reported in the town during the'day that he was dead; but he would like to see the man who had spread the report come forward and prove his words. (Laughter and ' applause.) We should have stated that during the operation of the doctors — for there were two, Dr. Grant, of Mud see, assisting to dress the hand — the pianist struck up the « Nervous Cure,' and the patient began , to beat time with one foot, and being raised, from his chair, proceeded in real earnest to ' step it,' :to the great amiisement of the audience. The doctor then, stopped the move ment, and woke the young man, when looking round, he. thanked the doctor, as we have stated above, and leaping from the stage, took his seat in the pit. Dr. Carr then turned to the old man who sat in a corner of the stage, and who was soon fast enough; he brought him to the front of the stage and placed him in achair, and the cancer 'was 'carefully ex cised» The blood flowed very freely, and Dr. Grant. assisted to tie up tbe arteries. The old man did not move limb_or muscle; except once when he slowly put his hand in the bosom of bis waistcoat and took out a handkerchief as if to wipe away the blood. On being- woke up, wjiich was done instantaneously, he said he was quite ^comfortable, and 'hadn't felt no pain.' He said he would tell the truth, and bidding 'long life to your honor,' he retired. The chairman here said there would be an intermission of a quarter of an hour. On re suming, the doctor brought several persons out of the audience by mesmeric passes, and the I usual phenomena were exhibited. A death I scene was enacted, and a funeral group formed of several young men and an interesting look- j iag girl, all under mesmeric influence. They prayed, they sorrowed, they bent over tbe sup posed dead relative, tbey placed flowers (some J bits of paper which the doctor- let i fall near them) upon tbe body, they covered the face of the corpse, they 'threw flowers into the grave, and were all in seemingly deep distress until the mesmerist called out ' a. ghost,' when three of the number sprang to their feet and ran into corners iu great terror. They were, how ever, released from their sleep, and became themselves again. . Dr. Carr then.stated that if, we knew all the laws of nature the seeming mystery of-animal magnetism would at once cease. He had never Been the young men who had been before the audience in private; but even if he had, it would have . iieea impossible to produce the effects . which had now been witnessed by col lusion. The surgical operations which had been performed -in the presence'of the audience were completed without even a quiver of the eye]id. He considered that nature was one vast, ittni versal mystery ; and we knew compa ratively little respecting attraction, repulsion, gravitation,, mesmerism, or any other of the great laws of the mental and -physical sym pathies existing. He made these remarks because unworthy imputations had been made in reference to these ' manifestations ; he how-, ever, mn6t say that he regarded them as con temptible in the extreme, (Much applause.) He then moved a vote of thanks to the- chair man, which was given by acclamation, and -suitably acknowledged. Mr; Hawkins ex pressea mmseit satisbed as to the truth of mesmerism ; be had been sceptical with refe rence to it, but from what he had now seen he was obliged to believe in it. In a small com munity like that -of Bathurst it would be easy to qnestion those- who had been operated upon, they were seen every day, and known to be respectable. He thanked them for the expres sion they had. given.' The National Anthem was then played by Mr. Tiffin, and tbe audience retired. Butter in ExcELsis.-^-The French paper, Iia Liberie, is given to that slavish eulogium 'characteristic of Imperialistic literature. It says that in the IriBh debate, V Mr. Gladstone spoke like a statesman, Mr. Disraeli like a writer in Punch.' Mr. Disraeli spoke very well, and we have done and would do all fit. ting honor to bis great talent, but the ascrip tion to him of such immeasurable superiority over Mr. Gladstone is fnlsome flattery, offen sive to gods and, men. — Punch. Curious Bet. — A ? rather curibus bet has been laid in connection with this year's Derby. A noble lord, a metnber of the four-in-hand club, is -to leave' Gracecburch-street, driving his drag, at ten A.m. .on the Derby Day. At tbe same hour a female pedestrian is to leave the Plough, at Clapbam. An even wager to a large amount has been laid that she, getting a start of four miles and a half in -seventeen,- will reach ibe grand stand before bis lordship's four- inhapd. The lady's age is fifty-five. At present tbe odds are five to four on tbe petticoat ?* Gentlemen residing in the country are by ♦he Australasian entreated to give up vtritins snake stories. They are an intolerable inflic tion to your average newspaper readers. Tbey irritate him more than a snake itself would ; for thpy are pretty nearly all alike, and perpetual 1 iteration is maddening. Tbey are nearly always characterised by a spice of feeble wit. The snake is always ' his snakeship ;' he is nearly always mistaken for something else; heis ' promptly dislodged' from his lurking place, and ' quickly dispatched' by some daring young gentleman or heroic matron. Their are probably .millions of snakes in the colony, and hatuially enough, they move about in obedience to their instincts and for the satisfaction of their appetites. They are kiiled when they are caught, as a matter of course, and so are rats ; but people do not send to the newspapers an account of the slaughter of every rat that falls into the hands of his enemies, and yet there is quite as much reason why an exciting rat-bunt should be made tbe subject of a paragraph or a letter. If snake story chroniclers would but in vent some new mode of recounting the particu lars of the capture and death of reptiles, they might the more readily be tolerated, be stereoty ped, and as human patience is limited, it misht serve the purpose of the narrators equally well if every ansuicide were announced -as ' Another snake dead,' if indeed it be necessary to an uounce the fact at all, which is more than ! doubtful. « I A Marvellous Escape. — Pleasant Creek Chronicle, June 30. Great alarm was excited on Saturday night by the report of the disap pearance of Mr. Ronald Campbell, a member of the Stawell Council 'and late M L A., for Crow lands. One of his dogs had been seen during the day about the dam of the Moonlight Crush ing Machine, and it was conjectured that the unfortunate sentleman had falleD into the da-n at- nightfall and been drowned- The dam was accordingly dragged on Saturday nii*ht about twelve o'clock, but without success. The feel ing, however, became prevalent tbat Mr. Camp bell was lost, inasmuch as he had not been seen since Friday night. Accordingly, Mr. Thomas Mawson, the bellman, early on Sunday morn ing patrolled the town and neighbourhood, warning all persons of Mr. Campbell's disop p'earance. As the bellman reached the Sir Charles Darling line of reef and sounded his bell, the people naturally came out to hear the news. Amongst them were Andrew and Alex ander Robertson, sons of Mrs. Roberison, whose house is contiguous to the powder magazine. While standing upon the pipeclay heap sur rounding their claim, they heard a noise below in the hole ; judging that some person had fallen in, Andrew Robertson cried out and wms answered. Upon enquiring who it was, it turned out to be the missing gentleman, Mr. Ronald Campbell, who bad lain there over thirty-two hours. Alexander Robertson was dispatched with the .welcome tidings to Mrs. Campbell, and Andrew and his brother-in-law, Mr. George . Witty, procured a rope to rescue tbe ounccillor from his unpleasant predicament. As Mr. Campbell was unable to secure the rope about his body, Witty descended and firmly fastened it about bim ; and soon a score of willing hands hoisted the gentleman up from his disagreeable retreat. Beyond a slight con tusion on the face and leg, Mr. Campbell was little the worse for his confinement. He com plained of a sprained ankle, but it was thought to be merely a stiffness of the limb. His ac count was that Friday night was so very dark that he -missed his way, and slid down into Mr. Robertson's claim feet foremost. He bad fallen down about fifty feet, The Robertsons had orginally sunk the shaft 115 feet, but the soft mullock from the sides had fallen in 'and filled up about seventy feet of it, so that the depth was greatly diminished. Mr. Campbell found tbe neck of a bottle iu a hole, and had scooped out steps half way up, when bis pro gress wis stopped by the earth arching over, independent of this, his leg was weak, and he was unable to proceed further. He had shouted so long that his voice bad become unnaturally hoarse, as a proof of which he had been heard during Saturday, but the people about had set it down to the bleating of an antique goat wbich frequented the neiahbourhood. Mrs. Green, a person residing adjacent, was at the claim on Saturday getting pipeclay from the mullock, and heard tbe grotesque sounds evi dently wailing 'up from the depth of tbe bowels of the earth; but considering it was tbe old garden-pilfering goat come to grief, she paid no heed to them. Again, early in the morning, Mrs. Robertson heard the cries, and sent out tbe boy to drive away the supposed animal ; but of course nothiug was seen. The din of tbe machines overwhelmed the sound during Saturday, for the Robertsons were engaged in the afternoon chopping wood in the yard close to tbe shaft, without hearing the prisonors sup plications. ' It must have been a trying moment to the poor gentleman to hear the bell sound ing and tbe people talking; and so be, re doubling his exertions te be heard, was event ually. saved. 