SWEAINO THEM TO SOME PURPOSE. LYDIA, aged twenty, the only child of Sir Thomas, and Lady SBnofee, of Blubluddy Park, Suffolk, having written to her"quondam Schoolfellow and bosom.friend, Julia Coutsher, two years her senior, wife of a doctor with an extenaive practice., in Hlalifazx, Yorkshire; mother of a fat boy 'fourteen, months old, to the effect that if she did not come to spend a 'fortnight with her, she would borrow a team of wild horses from Mr. Sangster, who was making a tour through her neighbourhood, and come and dreg her away forcibly-the propriety of., accepting the invitation wa seriously discussed in, the medical mansion. The Coutehers were "'a happy. couple, and averse to separation; but Julia was fond of her friend, and glad to keep the bond between them. taut., . There were to be private ''heatricals and other gay doings at Bluhluddy !'lark; and as the Coutshera were not'rich, Sand rather proud, Halifax was a dullish place for, them. - Lydiawas.a munificent god. mother.to the fat child. The Snaffles were a very old county family, and to' be on intimate terms with them was very creditable. When one's wife!goes to stay with an influ ential and much.respected baronet, there is no knowing what will turn up. So it was settled that Lydia Snaffles might countermand.her wild horses, for that Mrs. Coutsher would go without compulsion-fora week. 'Mr. Cout. asber was included in the invitation, but his leaving his patients was of course an impossi ,hbility. He never did while they lived; and } when they ceased to do that, it was rather they wbo left him. - Thefat boy was likewise iasked, and occasioned a discussion. The mother wanted to take him, the father to keep him. "It's very bad for ],oung children 'to travel in the' autumn," said 'the doctor. " Pooh I "replied his wife. "Not unless they are wellfpay!og, patients." "I shall be dull enough without you, and if you take the boy too, I don't know what I shall do," pleaded the husband. "I can't be happy without my I3illy," said 'the wife, wavering. " Well, then, take him," replied the doctor with a lsigb. 'That sigh 'was a bull's'eye; and the fat child stopped with his father. At'6.10 on an 'October evening, .Mri, Coutsher alighted on the: Blubluddy. end platform, and 'was immediately' embraced .and hungrily, kissed 'by the impetuous Lydia.-an operation which turned the hearts of' five young male travellers by the 'down. train to water. "'0 you dear, delightful' love of a Julia I how good of you to comel The carriage is waiting; the porters will look after your things. Well, and how are you ? , And so you have not brought my godson; left him as a hostage for your goingback,have you? a. pet IHow hs he? 'And, your husband, how is bhe? 'Of course he could not come. Bfali. fax would find it could get well without him, and that,would never dol I You are lookring blooming. I am so glad I O what fun this sl '" And so Lydia rattled on all,the' way to3 Blubluddy Park;, which was' about two miles off, hardly giving her friend time to put in monosyllables.: ".We' dine at sir," abe said, when shae had seen her in her room, with her box uncorded and opened, and her evening. 'dress laid on the bed. " My room is only ,ext door;" and she disappeared., -" In:twenty minutes she came' backe agalo, dressed for dinner, and found Julia also ready. !They weir exceptional and quick dressers both of them,' worth ]backiFg'when' her Majesty's Plates are withdrawn from' the turf and inst!. tuted as' prizes for tho' encouragement of Rapid Female Toilet; as will be the case when everything is thoroughly 'reformed. " flow amusing the reports will be:' Lady Jane w on cleverly by ýthree hooks and'eyes and a Sbracelet."' "Miss Maiy Smith came in first, but was objected to by the second lady,' on the ground of her' back. hair bein securely fastened: The steiards allowed the objection, so Mids Smith was disqualified."--And then the handicepping: the winner of any previous race having to put on an' extra earring, or to wind up her watch.'. "It wants ten minutes to the gong," said Lydia;? come and see my room;, dear. So they went into Lydia's bower. (whenyou first read the Lay of the Last Minstrel you thought that was a haunt of frogs and'spiders' in the corner, did you not?-l did);,and the proprietress exhibited her dresses, ses wels, and knicknacks.' ' IWhat 'ever is .this?" asked Julisa;' taking 'up 'a silvered instrument. !! That? That is my spur, dear.., When you ?reoss it' .?A little' prok'comes out, like the sting of a bele.. And,what do youwear ,that fbr ?'. "To' snake my 'mare go. They 'say money does that; I don't know; I think 'sepur is better.", "0 Lydia,,how can you ! 'Jut. do you not prick the poor thing." '! If 'the poor thing will not jump when I am out hunting, I do." "Do you really and truly 'hunt, and take actual leaps? ,You said some, thing about it in your letters, but I thought it'was only fun; you are such a girl?" "What is one to do,' living in the country?" "," And what are these for?" continued Julia, pointing .to a pair. of thiCk:laced boots, with' great nails :in the'soles. ''! These are my shootingboots; and there are 'iny"gaiters. My. gun, s in pipa's study .0I will show it you, to-morrow morning."' (0 no I I hate the sight ofa gun: '.lutyou'do'not mean a'real gun, that has powder,'andgoes:offfl .'Of course 'I do: It is such a light little darling;'kicks a little 'though, if you do not hold it tight.". '! One Swould think you were talking of a baby, dear," said Julia laughing..," You:shall hate a'pop at the"pheanants with i'y'ourself,'.; continued _da.U-" I'"should 'do .with fright and- Ib 'dea: ever ' afterwa'rdi', replied ? her.. friend. ', There's the gong.". ,.,j, r. -' . ..x 6 Julia outstber being a stranger, :Observed her hosis and neighbours at dloner somewhat ;,carefully.' Sir Thomas was a very proud man +in theory, but had no offensive pride of man. nor. in practice. ? , When: he' came to reason about.lt, he was rather,surprised to find that common labourers had the enme'number of .arms and legs an asman of his breed; but he showed no scorn in bleh tu'al intercourse with them. .,In his'own houseo he was hospitable, Sh'eerful,*' and the `'slave:bof his b daughter. ,Lady' SnafBess was as firm abeliever in the mysteiles of birth and blood as bher usband. She professed to consider that Ingratitude ian one of the groat charncteristicsof the " lower orders," and she habitually. spoke of persons who had raised theoiselves in the soeial scale "'iy, stiperlor talents or industry; as -! dirt."' lIut ehe?wes'ag"'ood 'notherly soul for all, that-exceedingly cbaritable, and enjoyed a eea ndalous. gossa with :nn old;almswoman emost heartil.. he was likewise completely uander Lydlaeiuthority. ', :'' It was wonderful to' see how both the parents defeired to theo liely girl, appealed +[? + ' + + + + i? ' +j. . . ++ , .·. ..:. .. + to her opinion, listened to her, laughed at her fun, and turned to others with eyes which expressed:" Is she not brilliant, and clever, and beautiful? Yet she is positively our child tf There were three guests. A fox. hunter, who was nothing else, and not being now in the huntlng-field, was obscure-a quiescent stesm-engine, baying coal and water supplied to it. Second, his sister, likewise possessed of only one faculty, that of liking classical music, and as, unfortunately, no one else in the room could soar above opera, or distinguish Sebastian Bach from tuning, she too only opened her mouth for commlesariat purposes. Third, Mr. Robert Staunton, a handsome man of about thirty, of good" family, possessing a large property immedia tely adjoining Dlubluddy 1ark. Julia Coutsber soon saw that Mr. Staunton admired Lydia quite as much as her parents did, and. desired nothing more than to be elected slave number three. It was also evi dent that Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles were e"ceedingly anxious to have him for a son. in.law. but Lydia did not give him any nenouragement, which was rather surprising, for he was as sensible and agreeable as he was good-looking and eligible. I do not mean to suggest that Julia Coutsher was such a won* derful physlognomist as to read all this in the people's faces at the dinner-table, or that the various characters announced: " I am so and so, and so and so, and my tastes and desires are so and so;" like the old Greek heroes. Shbe had the whole evening to watch them in, and several confidential conversations with ady Snsales in the course of it. At ten, the lovers of hunting, of symphonies and of Lydia took their departures, and the household retired to rest. I, do wish that people still went to bed at ten. There is no midnight now, only a twelve o'clock with a small t; and how can one believe in the supernatural without a midnightt Now, a belief In the supernatural is necessary to human happiness ; it is also (which is of more Importance) a trump.card in the handi'of the story-teller. Alast we have no duels and no ghosts, and the taste for the sensational is increasing I No straw, and yet the tale must be delivered. Julia and Lydia sat over the fire in the bedroom of the former. They were in their dressing.gowns, ready to pop. into bed in a minute. Julia had her hair all over her shoulders; Lydia had not, because it was cut short, and curled about like a boy's. "Such a pity," said Julia; " such lovely hair as you had."' " Do yu think so, dear ?" replied Lydia. !'It was coming off, and Snips of Bond.street said, last season, that cutting it short for a time would restore It; he said, also, that this style suited my features-and then it is in the fashion. It is very convenient too, for riding; one's back-hair can't come down when there's none to come, you know. Besides, it will be so handy for our private theatricals, in which I am goiog to' take a man's part." "Lydia I how can you; how absurd. As if I was going to believe that I" " It is quite true. I have got my clothes, made and will show you them to.morrow. We want a pert young fellow of eighteen, and have got nothing but brawny men six feet odd; so you see I must come to the rescue.. I make a capital man; you will never know me, especially when I have got my moustache on. Fa-act, 'pon m'word, yas. ' Got a cigar about you old f'ler "! " And what do Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles say f" "Why, it made them ipen their eves at first; but they are so fully impressed with the wholesome idea that ' I must do what I like; and that if it seems wrong,, it must be the laws and customs of the country that. are in fault and not their Lydia, that they soon.droppedr all opposition. Indeed having privatoe theatricals at all was ouch' a pill for them to swallow, that their throats have been wider ever since." " Well I,. did wonder, at their having. them. and especially at their letting you act." "Why, you see, dear Lord Coulis, the -head of the oldest famiily on the county, started it all, and Lady Augusta acted. The first fact converted papsa' and the, second mama."._ ."I cannot think how you dare.; 0 Lydia, you never will be able to appear in be.clothes before a roomful of people.",. "I shall not mind it a bit." ".You always were as bold as brass. If I,were your mame, though, I would not let you." "If the cherub hasa sister, Julia, you will make a terrible prude of her-will you not:? tWhy did you not makea prude of me at sobool? You,were two years older, and I thought you very wise." '"I was not an old married woman then," said Mrs. Cout. cher: '!: was. a little flighty myself, I fear.,. !'Yes, you were, dear."?i "!And then you were so unmanageable. ', Somehow, it was impossible to help spoiling you ; every. body, did.";" !'Even: the Misses Magel." !!Yes, eien'.the. Misses Magnell; and they were stiff enough.' But you ,were kept in better order there than at home. `Sir Thomas and"LadySnaffles seem to let you do what. ever you please." " Ai; Julie, dearest," said 'Lydia with 'a-s'e ?h, "they indulge mein trifling matters; but where the happiness of my life.is concerned; they are obstinateand cruel." ." Indeedl ". "Yes, they want me to marryD Mr. Staunton ," :"Ah," said Julia, "and' is that such a veryy great hardship ? Ile seemed to me Just 'the:sort of husband youi would like."' "Perhaps, if 'I'had no prior attachment." .', "Wh,"' cried Julia, c"on can never mean that affair between you and WillinamiWaters I ' That wasquite a bit of t??boyand.girl nonsensoe,and not. at all saltable' either; and yon cannot hairn seen him' for a 'year' and' a'' hf."~al' "Should you have forgotten all.'about` Mr.. Cout. sher,.if you had not: seen him for a ayear and a half?" ' I Perhaps. `P.ut that is quite different. WYe were in the same:station of lifeo; and our parents approved of our engage mnent," Why, that was all against you !" cried Lyd,; I don't believe there can be any trUe ,love without difficulty and opposi. tion, You used to think so once. ;, Don t yoii remember when William used to come under the playground.irall and whistle, and throw letters over when I whistled back agai., And how you and I used to read them, andr con coct the answer together ':,.'! I am,afraid wo,e did." '!"William was very respectable, I am, sure; lie. was the sonoT ia clergyman near hero, you know, and used to be asked to the house., Dut be had no money, and his grandfather was in trade In Ipswich; so when he asked papa's leave to be engaged to me, papa: broke, out in:'a 'terrible passion, and called him dishonourable, and turned him out of, the.bhouses and he said if William ever wrote ! to mehe : would, find, him out and horsewhip him; and William hasn't.:Neitber papa nor mama verr scoldld moei they treated ue like a goosey girl who knoa no better, and could not help myelf, and they laid all the blame upon poor William; and yet I am sure I bad to give him tremendous encouragement at cbool, when we walked out two and two, and at church before he dare do anything hadn't I " " Yes, dear, you certainly did." "I almost fancy that I was the first to write." "I imagine that you did send a valentine or romething. You had arrived at the mature age of thirteen at the time. What a puss. But have you ever met him since Sir Thomas forbade him the house?" "Once; and he declared he would never marry anyone else, and I promised :the same. And I mean to keep my word too; and if he is faithful I'll marry him when I am twenty.one." "And if he is not faithful, or misbehaves in any way, then you will marry Mr. Staunton, I suppole " " Per baps.-O Julia, it is a terrible thing-to be crossed in lovel" "Sad indeed, dear.i It often ends in consumption, I have heard." Lydia sighed; but she did not look con' eumptive. It would make a pretty picture-I mean, of course, for ladies, artists, and fathers of families, not for modest bachelors-those two sitting over the fire in their dressingr-owns, because their stylei of beauty were so different that each acted as a foil to the other. Lydia was tall, dark, and lithe, with a slightly arquiline nose in the middle of her very handsome face; her friend was fair, plump, and pretty. SLydia "darling," said Julia after a bit, "you are the funniest contradiction I ever met. You wear spure." " No, only one." "A spur; and you jump over edges and ditches, and break your neck like a rough man; and you let oi horrid guns; and you whistlel and you have smoked a cigarette; and you mean to act in thingummles; and yet you are romantic, and so very romantic I" " iut don't you see that is Just where it Is," cried Lydia, " t is because I am Pick to death of what is commonplace, that I am always wanting to try something new and unusual. Men seem so much happier than women, that I wish to know what it is that makes them so., Dut as far as poor William goes, I do not see'anything so very romantio in being commonly faithful and truthful. .If you make a promise, you can keep it, I suppose, without being silly.. Iesides, I don't know why it is called romantio to love any one. You do not think yourself so for loving your husband or your baby, do you? It is not romantic of me to love papa and mamma, is it?" "But do you really love William Waters, dear?" said Julia. " Did you know your own mind when you played at loving him ? It seems to me that Mr. Staun. ton is worth half-a-dozen of him.'? "1How can you tell, Julia? You have never seen him since he was a mere boy. What pre judice ? " " Why, to begin with, if he were worthy of such romantic devotion as you pro pose to bestow' on him," said Julia,-" lhe would have managed to communicate with you and urge his suit before.this.' In the next place, I do know him, for he is articled -o a solicitor in IIalifai, and my husband asks him to dinner sometimes. ., WYell, know :ng as he does what friends we were,.would he not have spoken to me about old limes, and tried to make toe his confidante, if he had been good for mrch?" " "And he never did t" , " Never I .' "You. never told 'me you knew hi.d." " No.' I hoped:that y6ou had forgotten all about him. iI' have no patience with.a man: who could once fall In love with my Lydia; and then'put up iuletly with a separation from' her;, egainet her will too. lie cannot have the spirit of ?' mouse I 'I cannot bear a tame man." "Ia Mir.'Cout. sher so wild, then ? " "Tanime enough to me, dear; that is quite right; I.did not mean that. But If I had thought he would have given me up for a'rebufF from a parent or any one but myself, Iwould not'have'had him for anything." "Well, my prosaio Julia," cried Lydia, breaking out into laigh. ter, ;' that is the most'delightful filoish'to a sermon against romance that ever I heard of. But perhaps you misjudge poor William. It is agreed that I am to come and see you at IHalifax;.perhaps I shall meet him, and.then I~ can' toll for myselflwhether he is what I imagined him, or a faithless swaln." "01 -I have no' doubt be will catch fire agaln quickl enough when he sees you; and then, think what a match you would be for himol' " 01 but I mean to see him without his knowing me'."' Ilor can that possibly be?,," ! i have my, idea; but I will not tell it you to: night; you have had a long journey, and must be tired. And, I declarel if we have not been gosesping for three hours.". : SAt half-past three o'clock one afternoon, a month after the termination of Mrs. Coutsber's visit to her fast friend in Suffolk, towards the middle of November that is, a young, man left tbe office of Milikin and Bowie, solicitors halifax, and walked up the street. lie had a new-looking bat, a carefully fashioned coat, the last peculiarity y in collars,, creaselees gloves, small boots, and anu lmbrella; which it would be a pity to open; it was rolled up so neatly .'Some may seem to have an instinct that if they are' to be noticedit a all, they must trust to their attire to produce an effect; and it appears to be a natural law ithat, the more insignificant any creature s,' the greater is its desire to attract attention. What'does an insect do when he has no beauty to please you, no sting to irritate ;you withal?. Why, he commits suicide in your eye;. But an illustration is a 'dangerous thibg, and apt to carry one too far, for this young man was esteemed good-looking by those who took the trouble to notice him: ufficiently to judge. His features were regular and nicely modelled, his complexion was pretty, his auburn whisk. ers-they were not red-long and .silky, and his figure was straight and well.proportioned and- yet, somebow, he only- impressed the causal observer with' his clothes. - ' ,: Abrougham wa's coming downthe' street, with a, stoutish, sonsible.looklng. man, .iho was its only occupant, lounging comfortably Inside, reading the Lancet; ,but happening to look up from 'the'paper, he saw the young moan waved one hand, puiled the check-string with the other, and presently stepped out on to the pavement. ' How do you do, Waters? It Is lucky that I saw you"as it has saved methetrouble' of wrihing a .note, and you that of answering it. M wife; told me to ask you tocome and dine with us to.morrow to meet a'relative of hers, a young fellow whoi has Just got his' commission in the cavalry. ; Are, you disengaged ? "' Per. fectly and I shall, becharmed., M,. Cout sher well, I hope ? i!," iYes, thank' ou. Well, then; a sharp, you know, Ion't slix ob: r, youno Za dressi we shall be quite alone." "Very Aood." Althou-h a poor man, fated to wor~; for his living, William Waters bad the mak. logs of a swell in him; but he never had proper advantages, poor fellow, and was sadly deficient In many important requisites. lie fancied that when he accepted an invitation to dinner, he was receiving instead of conferring -.favour; he imagined a cornet to be a supe rior creature, whom it was a source of pride to form an acquaintance with; and his un assisted intellect failed to teach him that good breeding demanded his keeping his host and hostess waiting. So the boor was positively punctual, and entered Coutsaers' drawing. room before the clock had done striking. The doctor was reading the newspaper at the table ; his wife sat on the sofa near the fire; a young man, rather short, but very handsome, who wore a small. moustache and an eye.glass,. and was dressed in* a rather full frock-coat fastened at the waist with a link.button, was standing on the hearth.rug playing with a Scotch terrier. "MIr. Wateors; r. Chifney.". The two young men bowed. Waters made a mental msm. : "To learn to wear an eyeglassi; link buttons are coming in again." "Clever little dawg this. Fond of dawga " observed!the cornet. "Yes, very, particularly big dogs." "' Ah, yes. I have abull.terrier who is remark ably good at rats. Fond of ratting ?" "Yes; that is, I like to see It now and then." "Exactly. Good fun ratting. My daws can kill five a minute; and he can pull a bull down,my dawg can." "Indeed." "Dinner is on the table, ma'am," Waters made another mem, to the effect that dogs and rats were good drawing-room topics for conversation, a fact which somewhat surprised him. ' le also noticed that the Young officer had rather a soprano voice; ikewise that his hostess was in an unuoually merry mood, and provoked to laughter on very light occasions. But he was hungry, and his reflections were transient. Mrs. Coutsher retired soon after the dessert was on the table, and presently the doctor, too, got a message. "I am sorry to leave you," he said: "that is the worst of my profession; I am never safe .against interruption for a minute.' One would imagine that patients selected the most inconvenient times for send. ing for the doctor on purpose. , If he settles down comfortably after dinner at the end of a hard day's work, or if be goes to bed partion. larly tired, he is sure to be disturbed. D3ut, I suppose one must not grumble at the fish or taking their own time to bite. Ring the hell when you want more wine." And he' went. , L - . " I - "Suppose we draw round the fire. and make ourselves comfortable," said Mr. Chif. ney, suiting the action to the word.. " What are you drinking? Help yourself. It is a bore one cannot have a cigar, is it not?" "Well, yes,"' said Waters; "I like a smoke after dinner myself; bit this claret is so good that .it would be a pity. to interfere with it too.".b, y"A , the wine isn't so bad," said Chifney.' "b the.by, we come from the same;county, do we not? My cousin said you'were a Suffolk man, I think." ' "Yes, .I waaborn in that county. Mr father was a clergyman there." " wonder whether we know many of the same. people. Did you ever meet the Wiltonts" "No' I do not remember them." '"Or the Wights, or the Folkers, or the Pursons, or tha Mantis?", "Yes I 'I'knsew a little of the' Pursons." "Ab, nice girls the Purian girls. ,S;ooney there ever? r' "Not very.. You see I am a poorman,' and cannot' afford to be spooney where tere is no tin, and the Miss Pursons hadn't a penny." "Indeed. inace .you knew them, perhaps you knew a family they used to visit a good, deal., What ;was the nsame, hum; they.lived at Ilubluddy.'Prk." "Sir Thomas Snaffles, you mean." "' That is the name." "0, yes I Iknew him verywell indeed," said Waters, who had taken a good deal of wine at dinner, and a little after it, and was disposed to be very communicative. . A tremendously p'roud I old. fellow, who thinks no end of his ancestors." " " Ah I does he?. People who have them often do." "Iis: daughter was not'a bad sort of a girl; did you 3ver meet her? " ."Can't i say I have," replied Chifney between two 'neezes.--"I .ever can resist a pinch out of a snuff.boi, when it is left on the table, as Coutsher has his, and it always sets me off. .. Titch-ee You were. -saying - about -- Titches I" "Lydia Soafes. I wonder you" never saw her; she goes everywhere, hunt, shoots, they say-does everything. , Abb rather eccentric, I suppose? " " Well, yes, I expect she is a little touached, she is so'desperately fast. All very well now, but'an awful bore for her husband when" she marries,'for really she goes a great' deal too far." ,"You did not .fall in love with .her either,, then?" " Well, yes, I was a little spooney'at one time in that quarter."' "And she did not return the compliment, Ie suppose ?." said. Chifoey; "women have such bad tastel' " "O' the contrary, 'my dear. ;.fellow,' 'cried Waters, waxing familiar, ,," be threw. her. self at my bead.'" "Ahl then why did you not catch 'her ? She is 'an only child, i she not ? "' '"Yes: it was all right for tat, and as far, as the girl went' .IBut'you see, Sir Thomas'and 'Lady Snaffles cut up rough, and forbade me the house; 'and then I had to come here, and did not see how to keep up any cominunication."', I flatter myself I should, if it' had been me I" said Chifney. "Do you think so?'" replied Waters. "Well, one thing' was that I did not.think it worth while to bother myself much. Those girls who' are so.very free and easy, never stick to the same man long, especially if he is absent. Yet I think: she was rather fond of me too.' " That is m'ore than you seem to have been of her, or you certainly would not' have given her* up so easily as that.", 'r Why, what could I have done p!'. ,' Ilun1off with her if she would go."," Run off with her I And supposing: Sir Thomas hIad refused to allow, Ler anything, or had cut her out of his will, what. a pretty fl. I should haso.been in .'!° To: be sure yosu would.. Shall we go',latotohe drawing.room' " , So the two youngiimen went up stairs to tear and pre. seotly the doctor came homo, and challenged Waters to a game at piquet,' leaving Chifney free to chat confidentially with his cousin in a corner, . :At a'little after ten MWaters left, shakinog bands.with' his host antld hostess I 'he was advancing to proffer the same ceremony with Chifnecy' but that gallant officer badehim good.nlg ht with 'so coldi a how that he stopped sborti and stuffed as much of his ingers 'as he couldin his waistooat.pooket. "Queer chap," he muttered, as he strolled along the street, "to be so familiar, and lead me on so to talk about myself and my affair., and then to decline shaking hands. But perhaps it has gone out of fashion to shake hands, like- taking wine with a fellow at dinner. Ile is a real swell, though I wonder who it is he reminds me of ? I have known some one remarkably like him, I am certalon." Mr. Coutsher saw Waters out, and then went direct to his surgery, so that Cornet Chifney and Mlrs. Couteher were left alone. "Well, you madcap " said Mfrs Coutsher. "You were right, Julia; the man I made a Lara of in my girlish fancy is only fit to turn a mangle, I should make ten times as good a man as he is. Iacted my part well, though, did I not?" "You did, indeed, Lydia, I had a rare fob to help laughing." "I was in a terrible fit once, though; my moustache nearly came off in my napkin! However I managed to stick it on again. 'Do you think your husband suspected anything ?. "Well, Lydia dear, you must really grant me pardon but the fact Is, I told him. IIe is so sharp, he would have been almost sure to have found you out, and then we might have been taken y surprise." "Told him, Julia I And he knew that I was n woman all the time ?" "Yes, dear, it was best, indeed. Besides, be might have got jealous, you know, thinking you a live cornet." "And be knows who I am, too, of coursee" " Yes." " Well, I'm going to.morrow, so it does not matter, does it ? You must drive me to that lane, where I can put a woman's gown over these things, and then take me round to the station." Certainly, dear. 0, how sorry I am that you must go so soon." "Never mind, love; I will return akaio after Christmas In my own character." " That is a promise mind. And now, dear, tell the truth ; you are not altogether sorry to find that Waters is not worth a vow of celibacy, arc you ?" "Really, I hardly know." "You have liked Dfr. Robert Staunton a great deal better this long time, have you not?" "I shan't tell you, inquisitive mother of my fat godchild-there I" But I don't mind telling you, 0 reader, that she certainly married that chosen one of her parents the following autumn. Reader, and ,does she still wear the-the dress? Actually no; metaphorically, I cannot say. Married readers must guess. 