NEW EPISCOPALIAN CHURCH, HAD- SPEN. (From our own Reporter.) Yesterday the quiet little village of Hadspen presented quite an animated appearance, that having been the day appointed for laying the foundation stone of the new Episcopalian Church. For many years past the inhabitants have had a strong desire to erect a new church, n the wont nil menus lns precluded them Irom .n log an earlier beginning; but now that the sent flltding tins reached the list stage of li sidanton, it bis aroused them to incrennad rlions to obtain a morn suslttantitl eiit'te !3 tfi united efforts of the Veneratle Arch. i con Rtelboy, snid snveral of the reslidents, sot If out funds have been collected to enable thfnt r make a fair start towards supplying lbs great d fderatui. Unless, howover, the villagers are a toted by Christian friends in other parts, the p dreas towards completion must necessarily very slow, as the amount required to corn. eta the building in too groat to be borne such a (mail community. And here I may give brief description of Ith new church. It is to be IIt of blue iron stone with freestone dressings and lisfs, and Is from plans drawn by Messrs. fleraforo and Brothers, of Bloomtl ury Square, ondon. The architectural designs being of pure arty English style. The nave will fie 87 feet itnches with a chancel of 17 feet by 10, and a mail vestry on north (ide of chancel. The strance will be through a very neat little tower, o feet high, with a spire of 24 feet. The seat. ated cost including fittings, &a.;, will be about 1000. Soon after the four named for the ceremony to t he place, thto Lord Bishop of Tasmnias, at tended by the Venerable Archdsecon Reiney, and itvids. Adams, Arthur, Norman, Mason, Irwin, Flookee, Williams, and Mitchell, proceeded from sibs present church to the site where the stone was tobe laid, fle choir at the name time singing No. 1I3 of Hltymne Ancient anti Mlotern. ills Lordship then commenced the ceremony by offering prayer, after which, the 84th Psalm hav ing been sing by the clergy and choir, Mrs. Retibey (wife of the Archdeacon) then with the words-" In the faith of *Jesns Christ we place itls foundation stone, In the name of God the Father, God the Sat, and God the Holy Ghost," and the cun$omary lormalities-declared the stone firmly ansi truely laid. The Bishop then delivered a most appropriate and inpressive addresi, to which thy sasemulago listaened with marked attention. After the 87th snd 122nd Psalms had been chanted and No. 241 of Hymns Ancient and Modern had been sung, his Lordship again offered up prayer, and finally concluded the ceremony by pronouncing the Benediction. Upwards of £0 was placed upon the atone after the ceremony. 