THE ELECTIONS. NOMINATION FOR WEST SYDNEY. VttB aaninaiion of candidates preliminary to the election ?f a number for 'West Sydney to serve in the Legislative Assemlly in place of Mr. j3. A. Joseph, resigned, took place in Wyriard-Bquare, ot npon, on Monday. The hustings waa ♦rectcd within the enclosure, and the arrangements made were fat better than they usually aro upon such occasions. 'When me prooeodinge commenced there -were two or three tundra pctwm* In front of the hustings, hut before they tominmed there were several thousand. Mr. John Williams, the Returning-ofBccr, appeared at tiie busings at 12 o'clock, and stated that the meeting was called ftr ihe purpose of nominating and electing a tntmber of tbe legislative Assembly for West Sydney in lieu of one of the former representatives, Mr. JoBeph. Mr. Williane tbsn read tbo Speaker's writ, the authority by which tho meeting had been convened, and expressed a hope that tbe persons present would give a fair and impar tial hearing to proposers, seconders, ana candidates, and thus sustain the character which the electors of West Sydney had hitherto bome — as that of moBt orderly and feacabkdtucens. He concluded by calling upon the pro (K»er ot the first candidate in the field — Mr. Dransfield. Mr. fiuEEtDAK Mooue said he came before tho electors at a few moments notice, in the absenoe of a distinguished banister sod scholar, to propose for their aoccptance a man well nullified to represent thorn in the Parliament of this oountay e working man, but at the same time a man of education ; one who had risen front the ranks, but in the bardest school of discipline, commerce, and speculation, and as an employer of labour Had wellqualiilcd himself to represent the electors of West Bydney. Although he differed from Mr. Dransfield on one essential question, the question of free trade and protec tion, he was glad io say that hiB political sentiments were gravitating to the same conclusion as his own, and he be lieved that before Mr. Dransfield had been in Parliament many years ho would be prepared to abolish that temple of iniquity, the Customhouse. (Laughter.) But he pro posed honest Dick Brans field on other grounds, — he pro posed bim because he had given (Mr. Moore) a pledge that one of the first acts of his political life would be to get a woiking man's college. tfc would exert himself to get «raployment for those who required it but upon econ omics! principles, and would have them proBtably em ployed instead of lounging about the streets. Another reason why he proposed Mr. Dransfield was because he was not the representative of tho yellow lily faction on the one hand, nor the tool of any broken down politician on tbe other. The probabilities were that we should have 4i fearfully hot summer, and drought and famine may be the result. With such a prospect before thorn, it was high, timo that these miserable factious should terminate. It was high timo that tbc Montagues and the Capulets of that House in Macquarie-street should be put down, and tbat ' the war of tho Roses,' and the ' Yellow Lily,' or of any other vegetable product, should cease. Let them strike a blow at once at these factions which caused so much religious animosity in the euajra unity. He hoped on some future dav to cxm-ess his nolitical sentiments to them at greater length, hut ho would now conclude by pro posing honest Dick Dransfield as a fit and proper person to represent them in Parliament Mr, James Colemak came forward to second the nomi nation of Mr. Dransfield. He should not, ho said, have appeared before them that day as the seconder of the nomi nation of a candidate only that he did not want to sec Pro tection go to tho dogs. [A. voice : ' No fear of that.'] If he had not been a protectionist, he should nothave come here to-day. (Cries of ' Cut it short.') ' Tie should not cut it short. Be should take his time in sooordance with the provisions made by the returning officer. Dr. Lane once said, ' When the Drains aro out the man will die.' (Loud laughter.) Thero was not much talk in him (Mr. Coleman), and therefore he would not koep them long, (Renewed laughter.) He had no quarrel . with Mr. Campbell nor with Mr. Wearne ; his quarrel was witb tho protectionists. There were members now in the House who had bamboozled the protectionists, who had got them to hold public meetings and afterwards played into the hands of the Government, and sold tbeir principles for bigotry. They would now understand what had brought him here. He was not the tool of any party, but he came there to protest against those abominable hypocrites. The time was coming when the working men's eyes would be opened, although he might be in a minority to-day. He found that their worthy secretary, who thrust himself upon them when the Industrial League was formed, went to that best of gentlemen (Mr, Maeleay) and got him to promise to beoomo president of the League. It took him (Mr. Coleman) a long time to find this worthy secretary out, but he had found him out at last. In the first place, he went to tie Exchange and signed a free trade petition. Then he called a meeting in the name of tho color.;sts to protest against the borrowing of £3,000,000, which the Government proposed to borrow ; hut he intended it to be a failure with a view of strengthening the late Government^ but the protectionists turned out well, and tho meeting proved a succcss. His next move was to become editor of what was called a pro tectionist newspaper, started by a poor honest tradesman, whe case from the country to get an honest living; but the editor became a trimmer to the late Government, no one would buy the paper, so it died. (Cries of time.) He should toko his time. His next ground of complaint was that while the secretaiy of the Industrial League, he, without consulting his parly, went into (he country to oppose the return of one of the new Ministers. Whether the picture of Mr. Martin behind a tree handing him a purse of money represented a trne state of things, he could sot say. He (Mr. Coleman) had ceme here to-day to denounce him. Then there was their old alderman, Mr. Murphy, in whom they had so much confidence at one time. When he saw him at Mr. Barry's lecture clapping his hands, he thought it was on improper thing for a magis trate to do, The Brtubkikg-officee expressed a hope that the speaker would keep more closely to the question. Mr. Coi.euaj,- said he was denouncing Mr. Murphy as a protectionist. He lost faith in men when they banded themselves together to uphold bigotry. It did not profit him to come here to-day to fall out with people, but be liked to deal with honest men. Too many of those who had called themselves protectionists had played into the bunds of the Government, and had been looking after office, sinecures, and pensions. With respect to the candidate whose nomination ho rose to second, he was sincere in his sets, his motives, and his conduct. There were some shop keepers hero who opposed protectionists now, but when they had to pay for a license to trade they would come ond work with the poor protectionists. lie was very much obliged to them for the hearing they had given him. and he would conclude by saying that Mr. Dransfield was actuated by pure and proper motives, and he would be approved of by them all. (Cheers and laughter.) Mr. Pahkes was received with an outburst of cheers end groans, and, for gome time, was unable to obtain a hearing. He persisted, however, in- asserting his right to be heard, and in pointing out that before others could speak, the electors must hear what he had to say. He came here, he said, because he was an elector, and the can didate he had to propone, he believed, would be returned to morrow. (Cheers.) The two or three score persons who ?were making the noise now wonld only induce honest and independent electors to vote for the gentleman he bad the satisfaction to nominate as a fit and proper person to repre sent West 6ydney in the Legislative Assembly. (Cheers.) The electors would be swayed, not by the noise made here, tint by reason and justice. There were three candidates from which the electors had to choose. One was Mr. 3)ransfield, of whom he knew nothing ; but he should think, by the speeches of the gentlemen, who proposed and seconded his nomination, that they undertook to support a Protectionist candidate merely to enable them to denounce Protection— for certainly they had uttered no single word in support of Mr. Dransfield's principles. Then wc bad the other candidate, Mr. Campbell, and he wished to say of that gentleman veiy little indeed. He was put forward because he ?wbb the son of one of the most honourable men who ever lived ataongst us. But there was another side of this argument. If Mr. Campbell was submitted because his \- father was an honourable man, and because ho possessed a splendid fortune, surely we had a right to reverse the question, and ask what he would be if he were not the son of Robert Campbell, and did not possess this splendid fortune. (Cheers.) Suppose he came before tho electors on his own merits ' alone, as did Mr. Wo&rne;, would there be any hesitation thou ia making tt choice between the two candidates ? (Cries of 'No, no.') This was a time when every tub should stand on its own bottom. (Cheers.) Let every man stand on hie own merits. Were wo to be told in this free country tliat its greatest constituency was to be made a family borough ? That day was gone by, and it was not because any man happened to be connected with honourable and in fluential members of society and possessed a splendid for tune that ho was to bo foisted upon -tlio electors as their representative. (Cheers,) He now would refer to tho ' gentleman he was about to nominate and who, e was sure, the electors -would return to-morrow \- at the head of tho poll. (Loud cheers.) That gentleman was Mr. Joseph Wcarno. (Continued chccrs.) This gen tleman cojiio befora them as a respectable member of society. (Cheers.) Ho was known to the electors as a mannlncturei-— as -nn active citizen— as a man who, relying tipon his own strength of character, his own ability, his own energy, had passed through tho world without reproach, and mode good his claim to the great honour he now sought. (Cheers.) Mr. Wearne had _ expressed his sentiments on tho great ?questions that now occupied public attention, nnd was sound on all of them. Ho was sound on the land .question, said would go in for enlarging the legislative enactments of the country bo as to afford ample opportuni ties for every industrious* man to have a home of his own. w He was in favour of a By-stem of education which would I seouie r to every child in the country that instruction which would enable him to perform properly the duties of citizenship. Mr. Wearne was opposed to tstote-fu'd, The other candidate ? van brought forward by a t^Gritleman the most prominent opponent of tho Public Schools 'Act, supported by the men who now under all kinds of specioub pretences were on \- ' deavouringto strike a foul blow at tlie liberties ot the country. We had fellen upon a singular time in the history of the country when thero was a class of politicians vbo did not tell tho electors what they wanted, but got young gentlemen of unsteady principles, no purpose iu life, and bo objoet set before them, and obtained from them previous pledges as to a course of conduct, and then came before the publio and supported them on entirely different grounds. The electors must resist this uncertain kind of influence, and insist upon every candi date nailing his coloure to the mast— speaking out whit IfA be meant. Mr. Wearne hoA done this, and he (Mr. Parkes) was perfectly sure tbe result of this election would be that the electors would to-morrow show their approval of his conduct by voting him a Beat in the Legislative Assembly. Alt that we 'wanted in this country was a fair field and no favour. We all stood on a ground of equality, and the electors onght never to sanction the doctrine that any men's son was better than theirs. Ours was a field for advancement open to the son of tile poorest man as well as to the son of the richest, and he counselled the electors never io give tbeir votes for any man merely be cause some one else had rendered sorvices to the country. He knew the electors of Sydney well, and he knew that as a role they would return the best man ; therefore he rel ied upon the result cf the poll to-morrow as entitling Mr, Wearne to a seat in the Assembly. He now proposed Mr. Joseph Wearne as a fit and proper person to represent the electorate of West Sydney in the Legislative Assembly. (Loud cheers.) Mr. H. Ci.akke seoonded Mr. Wcame's nomination. He raid te had known that gentleman longer than Mr. Parkes, as an honest tradesman who had worked himself up by industry and energy to his present position of inde pendence. It was a good omen when a man did well in his private affairs by honest, honourable, sad independent actions that he would make a good representative in the Legisla tive Assembly. Mr. Wearne had at his several meetings explained his views to the electors, who had re ceived them with general approbation. Mr. Wearne was sound on the question of State- aid, and was in favour of a still more liberal land bill than that of Mr. Robert son. He would try to improve the measure by giving facilities that would place more settlers on the land than at present existed. He did not come forward under the wings of any gentleman — (cheers and uproar)— but on bis own merits. He (Mr. Clarke) bad no acquaintance with Mr. Campbell or Mr. Dransfield. The father of the firmer was a very estimable man, but tbe son was scarcely known and did not come forward on his own merits, but was brought forward by people it was scarcely necessary to name. Mr. Wearne, on the contrary, rested his claim to tbc suffrages of the electors on his own merits, snd would vote for measures, not men, and, no doubt, to-morrow would be found at tbe bead of the poll. Mr. Cowfes, who was warmly cheered, said he was not eo great a man as the proposer of Mr. Wearne, and lie therefore hoped that the electors would deal gently with him in consequence. (Laughter.) He appeared before tbem to-day not to ask anything for himself, because he had nothing to ask. He had no political object in view beyond a simple desire to see them well-represented. He hoped tbe desire of the electors would be to return a member who would act honestly towards them, and not disgrace the confidence they reposed in him. He regretted that elements of discerd and bitterness had been introduced into this contest ; not by the candidates but by the plau sible and deep-dceigning parties who had addressed public meetings on their behalf. Mr. Campbell had no contest with Mr. Wearne beyond that of an honourable man. Ho desired to represent West Sydney and so did Mr. Woame. Mr. Wearne, he believed, was everything that hia proposer had said of him. He believed him to be an irreproachable and highly exemplary colonist. They, had no quarrel with him, and, if tho electors preferred him, Mr. Campbell and his friends would bow to their decision. (Cheers.) He bad , however, a few words to say about the candidate he had the honour to propose. It had been stated that Mr, Campbell's family were opposed to his candidature. He (Mr. Cowper) could now say that Mr. Campbell's uncle (Mr. John Campbell) was here to give that assertion tbe lie. (Cheers.) He had listened with something like surprise to some of the state ments which had been made on this occasion. Was it to be a eli urge brought against a gentleman that he was the son of one of the most worthy colonists wo ever had .' Were the electors, bocause Mr. Campbell happened to bo descended from the Campbells of the Wharf, to be put on their guard against him as a person not proper to represent tbem! (Cheers.) He should think if there was one thing which rcccmmended a gentleman to them more than other things, it would be that he had good antecedents. But they were asked to throw all these overboard, and ac cept some statement from somebody to the effect that there was a possibility that Mr. Campbell might not turn out to be as good a man as Mr. Wearne. He hoped the electors would judge for themselves, taking ell matters into consideration, and not decide that because Mr. Campbell happened to be '.the son of Mr. Campbell of the Wharf that therefore he ought not to be accepted ! He asked them not to reject Mr, Camp bell, but to give bim an opportunity of doing what he desired. (Cheers.) He was actuated by s laudable ambi tion to give his talents, whatever they may be, to the ser vice of the country. He was anxious to support in the Parliament of the country liberal measures. The electors were indebted to his father as much as to any man then alive, for the right tbey possessed this day to vote for any man they pleased. The late Robert Campbell was one of the most zealous and ardent co-operators in endeavouring to obtain the Electoral Act. (Applause.) He was one of those who assisted to cany the Dill to oppose State- aid. Tbe electors were indebted to the father of the candidate he now proposed for that great measure which they valued and which was now almost universally approved. The late Mr. Campbell was one of the most liberal members of the Legislature with regard to tbe Land Act. Many years ago he voted for the reduction of tbe price of land, which was now considered a most desirable measure. Had that Land Act which was supported by Mi. Campbell been car ried, we should have had that which it was necessary yet to fight for— a reduction in the price of land. But the electors had been told, with a confidence almost charming, that Mr. Wearne was of necessity to be at ths head of , the poll. (Cries of 'So he will,' and 'Ko fear.') If Mr. Wearne should be there as the deliberate choice of the electors, the friends of Mr. Campbell would submit to the decision ; but be hoped they would not reject Mr. Campbell on the grounds that had been stated.' On the contrary, he hoped Uiev would support him. They might do this to a great extent on the ground of his father's services, which they had so right to ignore. What induce ment wob there for a man to sacrifice his life to their service if they said to the sons of those who bad served them 'we will reject you.' To take £uch a course would be to show that we had no feeling of gratitude ; no desire to reward public service. But was that the lan guage the electorate of West Sydney was expected to hold to young gentlemen after their fathers had brought them tip, and qualified tbem for good positions ? Were they to be told tbat that very circumstance was to be taken as a ground for excluding them from the Legislature P He hoped they would take Mr. Campbell, and give him a fair trial. If he proved to be not deserving of their confidence they would soon have on opportunity of recon sidering their decision. Mr. Campbell had told them he was in favour of every kind of liberal measure that had been before the House ; that he 'would not diBtorb them ; that he was, it possible, in favour of giving even a more liberal construction to the Land law. He would support the Public Schools Act in the fair and impartial administration of it. He was favourable to free traae, and had told tbem that he was disposed to consider measures calculated to give employment to the youth of the colony, which waa a matter of great importance. If Mr, Campbell professed all those principles and Mr. Wearne followed much in the same line, they had to choose between two gentlemen offer ing very much the same principles, and perhaps it might come to be a matter of consideration on personal grounds. It had been suggested that Mr. Campbell was brought for ward by some persons who wished to have a tool. He (Mr. Cowper) at any rate did not wish for any tool. He had no work of the kind to do. The gentleman who pro posed Mr. Wcaftie had much more need for a tool. He (Mr. Cowper), in times past, had served them faithfully, but had now retired from the business of politics. He came forward to-day to perform an act of gratitude to the memory of hia revered friend end their honoured servant, the late Robert Campbell. (Continued cheering.) He now proposed the son of that gentleman— William Robert Campbell, as a fit and proper person to represent the elec torate of WeBt Sydney. (Cheers.) Mr. W. B. Dallet came forward, amid much cheering, to second the nomination of Mr. Campbell. He saia, thirteen years ago— a space of time so short — and yet one that embraces our whole history of Responsible Govern ment with its countless changes— its heart- aches— its failures and its successes— thirteen years ago there was one man representing this city in Parliament, whose character was a combination of every quality that goes to make up what all men agree to designate by the word — gentleman. (Applause.) Truthful, honourable, courageous, careful uf the sensibilities of others, most generous— having given many things, health, fortune, and many wordly advantages; he at last gave his life to his fellow countrymen. (Cheers.) Such (continued Mr. Dalley) was he whose friendship I was privileged to enjoy from tho first moment I knew him, until he was laid in the prove— such, ft man was Robert Campbell. (Applause.) The candidate whose nomination he had the honour to second was the son of the man whose name be had men tioned. By tbat circumstance alone ho had n lofty title to their support. For tho ? servicos of patriots should be remembered in behalf of tbeir children; nnd tho debt of honour to the parent, which death prevented them from discharging, should be paid to the sen. (Cheers, nnd some tokens of disapproba tion.) He might Bay with a (neat man of our own times in proposing the son of un illustrious patriot, — 'HiB father's imago walks before bim, and when a mean idea could enter his heart he must be possessed of a boldness in infamy beyond the share of moderate degeneracy. If then it be asked what security exists for his parliamentary conduct, I will answer bis namo.' (Cheers.) Air. Campbell came before them with two guarantees for hie future. He had tbe obligation of bis I father's history to bind him to an honourable course, and ' ho waspropused for your acceptance by his (Mr. Daliey's) friend Charles Cowper — the most unselfish, the ablest, and, be believed in bis soul, tho honestest public servant we ever had. (Applause.) Mr. Dhaxsi'ieu) said be was waited upon by a deputation some time ago to stand for Canterbury, but us tho general election was so near, and such an old and highly respected colonist us Mr. Richard Bill was in the field, he thought it was cot advisable to bave a contest. He stated, however, (hat whenever an election for West Sydney took place he would be a candidate, and in accordance with that promise he now appeared before them. He did not appear before them with a flourish of trumpets and with the support of ex- Colonial Secretaries and Premiers, but he stood here, as Mr. Parkes said, a tub on his own bottom— (laughter) — and he asked them to vote for the best man. The ballot was given them to put a slop to bribery and corruption. Under the Electoral Act, moreover, it was not necessary for any man to have a property qualification, although he pos sessed a qualification if it were required. Thero was I another thing lie bad ocsnplain of, and that was the Press of this colony. The Press appeared to take sides. He had not been reported as he eught to have been reported at length. (Loud laughter.) And be bad do hesitation in saying that the Press did not do its duty. Heshouldthereforetakeupa much longer time than be otherwise should, us be was determined that his opinions fcbould co forth to the world. There was no doubt of the reFpectaVility of the other candidates : Mr. Campbell came from one of tbe most respectable families in the land, and he was shocked at a remark made by Mr. Paikes, in tbc Mapoeic Hall, «e last Friday night, Mr. Parkes said be liked a msn, wbo, if he married a wife, would stick to her. What right bad be, for a political purpose, to drag tbe domestic and social life of a young man before the public, and try by innuendo to injure another candidate r Mr. Paifeeg himself married a wife — tbe Umpire— aud bis servants were his workmen, end did he stick to them P (N«.) Again, Mr. Parkes on Friday sight, said be did not like to see tbe landmarks of party destroyed, but he was followed by Mr. Speer OBd Mr. Weame, both of whom said lirw wore sot party mm, but Mr. Paikes supported Mr. Wearao nevertheless. There tnnvt be inoonsialcncy somewhere. What bad been tbe conduct of thelate Ministry ? One body in tbe community — tbe Catholics — bad been treated shane fully by thelate Ministry, end as Britons they ought not to haw suffered «t. It wee thought there were some Fenians, but bad tbey found any t Had Mt. Parkes fuund the myth — tbe ghost ibat be raised. (A laugh.) But tbe papers bad been abstracted. Tbe Catholics here bad borne the stein, but they would sot have suffered it ic Mancbesteror Biimmgham, in Leeds or London. He most say one ward about O'Fairdl, wbo was launched into eternity very quickly. One man nearGoulbutn committed three murders, and wsb allowed to live several months, but this unfortu nate madman, O'Farrell — (the remainder of the sentence was lest in a storm of groanB and hisses). He (Mr. Drans field) was not a Roman Catholic, be was a member of St. Barnabas' Church, but be liked fsir play. [The speaker gave some particulars of O'FarreU'e family, andBtated that they were highly respectable.] He now came to tbe Protestant Political Association, which was got np by Davis, st the instigation of Eagar. One of the rules of tbe Association was that no £oman Catholic should hold Municipal or Legislative honours. Was that fair and just (No.) There were seven £oinan Catholics in tbe Legislature, and three in the Municipal Cbnnibir, bnt tho body was not represented fairly. What privileges, then, had been given to them by Protestants p He thought these associations for breeding dissensions for political purposes, were doing a great deal of harm, (Cries of time.) There was time enough. He was master of the position, and be meant to keep it till he had said all he wanted to. At the last general election, when Mr. liagar was defeated, Mr. Parkes gave us a little doggrel, and it was as follows : — ' Co d electors pity me, My body's bent and meagre, I'm iu-i the Amtmlitm GlQtMoQe now, But simply JBctfy Esgar.' (Laughter.) This was the doggrel composed by this great opd talented man, Mr. Parkes. Since that they had been in the same Cabinet together, and certain chcques had passed between them. It appeared tbat on the 25i!i of April, 186G, he received £160 from the Treasury, and promised to give vouchers within two or three months. On the 21st May he received another £100, which was placed to tbe credit of his private account in the KDgliEh, Scottish, end Australian Chartered Bank. Mr. Parkes was a commircial man ; tbc mail was about to go, and he wanted the money. On the 23rd October he received another sum of £298 8s., making altogether £548 8b., und the vouchers given were for £»32 19s. 8d., leaving a deficit j(on account of secret service) of £215. Was that secret service in his own pocket? It was a question with him (Mr. Dransfield) whether it was not. On one occasion be took a trip to the southward, and spent £169 12e. IOd. in three days. He afterwards went to the westward for a day or two, and spent £28 ; and he went to Melbourne, and spent £147. If they liked to be robbed in this way, he would say no moreaboutit. Surely they bad a right to some explanation. Then there was tbe expenses of the special trains at £15 each, for taking him home to his own door at night. The late Ministry also gave a picnic at Marulan, which cost tbe country £278, and the Wine that was left was put into Byrnes's cellar in order that the other Ministers might go up there and enjoy them selves and say 'what fools the public.' With regard to Mr. Duncan he thought it was a wrong thing to dismiss such an old public servant, and he thought he should be reinstated in order that he might get an allowance from the Superannuation Fund. Otherwise they would have io give him a pension out of the Consolidated Revenue Fund. Now for hiB own opinions. If the Upper House were necessary at all he would have it elective, and have one third ot tbe members to retire eveiy ihird ye a- ; but he thought the time was net far distant when they would have a fedcial senate composed of representatives from all the Australian colonies. (Hear, bear.) He was in favour of triennial pBrliamentsi, and opposed to members being sent back to their constituents upon their acceptunoe of office. He thought tbe public should have a voice in tbe appointment of magistrates. Just before a general election a new batch of magistrates were gazetted, and very frequently tho men appointed were very unfit for the duties. He was also in favour ef retrenchment wherever possible. Mr. Forster introduced a bill ts decentralise tbe Government to a certain extent ; and aB a first step to that object he (Mr. Dransfield) was in favour of municipal districts and district boards, these Boards to appoint the magistrates and appoint and pay the clerks of petty sessions, constabulary, uc., in their respective districts. They should also have charge of the minor roads, bridges, & c., and this would re lieve tbe central Government of between £300,000 and £400,000 per annum. Tbe central Government would , of course, have to subsidise these district councils for the first three or four years. He was in favour of funding the public debt. In the event of a European war — which would break out some day — and three or four enemy's ships of war at the Heads, our debentures, as at present issued, would cot be worth £50 each. Per haps they would not be saleable at any price. Tbe present would be a good time for funding the debt, when oar deben tures would sell for 95 or 100 instead of 84. the price they were at some time ago. Ho was in favour' ot a National Bank of issue end deposit, Mr. Eagar advocated a bank of issue only. There were at present in the banks of the colony deposits to tbe amount of £6,600,000, and these banks were all liable to failure. Some of tbem commenced entirely on credit, and tbey were now paying handsome dividends. The issue of notes by tbe banks of tbe colony was close npon £700,000, and why should not the colony at large have the benefit of this instead of its being mono polised by private individuals. Those who put their money in the banks would expect sovereigns in return, but the whole of the banks only hold £2,150,000, to meet liabilities of £7,400,000. They held in bullion £135,000, and there was, therefore, a deficit of about £5,000,0{M). Where was this gold Eent to P Home for clothing, meat drink, ic., and other goods that could be produced in this colony. In this way the money went home, and the clothing and other goods came out, instead of erecting manufactories where coming generations would find em ployment. (Cries of ' Time, time.') He had no time, but he wns getting hoarse, and must soon come to a termi nation. He uas also in favour of protection to some ex tent. [An Elector: 'To what extent?'] All articleB of clothing and luxury that could be produced here he would place a duty on, but all goods that could not be produced here ho would let in free. Q' We bave had enough of that.'] There was no immigration now, nor any thing for the people to do. Whenever he wrote home Ha the large manufacturing towns at home he always told the people not to come out here as there was nothing far them tode. But immigration must be induced by some means. He recently saw a paragraph reprinted from the Melbourne in which ihe good effects of a 10-percent, duty on certain imported goods in that colony were set forth. The revenue wbs in a satisfactory | state, the colony was making good progress, and some of the gaolB were being converted into schools. ' If we bad a protective policy here our gaols might bo con verted into school. He wag in favour of the best educa tion that could be given the children, but employment must be found for them or the gaols would still be full. The ad valorem duties bad proved a curse to the colony. 1 Mr. Cowper was pressed into adopting them, at a time when he could not help himself, but they had done a great deal of injury to the mercantile houses of this city wbo pass their invoices fairly and honestly. There was a good deal of talk about free trade j absolutely, nnd if there was a probability of sufficient j revenue being obtained by means of property nnd income , he would go in for it. He would also extend railways, because tbey tended to cheapen tbc necessaries of life, and I tbey employed a large amount of labour. Robertson's Land Act had been a great boon to the country, but it required to be still more liberal. He would redue« the price of land to 6s. an acre, and would give fr'e grants to immigrants and native-born. (Cries of ' Time.') With a view to supplying the city with plenty of water. . he would have a canal two chains in width, cut from the Kcpeon. This would give employment to 2000 men for two years and would cost about £800,000. There would there then be sufficient water for tbe city for all times for manufacturing and every other purpose. He was in favour of # public library, but was opposed to State-aid cxp cpt in Eome c-xcepliowal cases. With regard to education, He wis in favour of the preEt-nt Public Schools Act, but he tkought it required some little modification. (' Cries of no, no.') Ho now thanked them lor tho patient hearing they had given him, and ho hoped they would behave themselves equally well to the other candidates. (Laughter.) Mr. J osF.ru Weakkb, niuid enthusiastic cheers, then advanced to address the electors, lie was glnd to be able to state tbat be wasnot here to oppose Mr. Campbell. As I having been first in the field, Mr. Campbell came out to op pose him. [Mr. Dmnstitld VTo oppose both of us.] h it might be, but it seemed ver^iDkely that tbe contest would bo narrowed to ono between 'Mr. Campbell and himself (Mr. Weame). The favourable hearing he had always obtained he attributed to his endeavour to s.iy what bo had to stato in a few words and as plainly as possible, so that all could understand. The views he had expressed were his own, whether tliey accordcd with tho views of Mr. Parkes or those of any ether person, end if Mr. Robertson had a majority iu the House (which be did not think he had) ha would support him as long be be retained it, and did what he (Mr. Wearne) thought right. He did not come out under Mr. Parkes's auspices, but had a large support befoie that gentleman added bis to it. He might state tbat he hod not had a father so well known as Mr. Campbell's, still be bad one uf whom he might justly feel proud ; if ho did not Jeavo him a ' splendid fortune' he w&s; a intra of principles that were worth all the money that could be boquenthed. He (Mr. Wiarne) bad independent principles of his ovn tbat be inherit' d from bis father, ana bad all tie British pluck io stick lo them. (Cheers.) In inference to the Lund Bill he might say tbat when passed it was a great boon to the country. He supposed that one bnlf of tbe members of the Legislative Assn.ibly were squatters, and it was not alittletoUiecreditof Mr. Ktberl f on tbat ne succeeded against tbeir opposition in getting free schclion before survey, But mure might have been dene, end it was not foo late to do it now. Free selection lot ore euivey was a very great advantage, yet be thought we should bnvc blocks of land surveyed before hand, upon which families might . settle, and be would rather five tbem tbe land tban charge a pound ao acre for it, so that tbey might be en umrsged to live npon it (Cheers.) It was said heccnldnot get honest surveyors, as tbey were so much under ibe influence of tbe squatters; but he could not bt l ieve tliip, as it would be better for the squatters to bave blocks surveyed, so tbat Settlement might be more compact, snd not isolated. By thus altering our present Land Law it might be made a good one. He bad spolceu his Eiiiid in reference to tbe PubUc Schools Act. He did not think it required modification. He believed that as it stood it was fair to all. (Cheers, and cries of ' Ko, ne.') He believed be bad friends of all denomina tions, and he iud never sought to plaoe the interests of oae sect in antugmiian to tboac of another. That Act met the in 1 wen's of all ; it provided for secular ins traction, and if we got this there were Sabbath schools, tbe teaching by parents at home, and goc boar a day at school when reli gion could be taught. It was therefore an equitable measure, and he hoped it would have a fair trial. We bad another great want ia this city, and that was a public library. In Melbourne there was a fine institution of this kind whfuemany pleasant hours could be spent by the public, all meeting without reference to class, to read Ibe standard literature of the day. We had nothing like ibis here. He was opposed to the postage on newspapers. Tbe revenue from tbat souroe was only some £7MU, yet tbe peof.Ot cf tbe country were for this deprived of the op portunity of getting information on current events. He was pleased ibat Mr. ltobertson proposed to abolish this duty, and be boped tbat if ibat gentleman remained in power, be would carry out the purpose. He (Mr. Weame) was opposed to State- aid, and was pleased that question was settled. He believed tbat tbe question had Iccn well settled, so that ministers officiating when tbe Act was passed still received State aid if tbey continued tbeir ministrations. He was in favour of economy in the public expenditure, not Ibat be would cut down salaries unreasonably, cr mrhe great redactions at one fell swoop. Let the best men fill tbc best offices, pay tbem well for able services, and get rid of those urfit for the duties. He would like to see seme other mode of selecting young men for tbe public strvioe; for instance, by establishing a standard of effici ency, so* tbat the poor man's sen, as well as the rich mim's, might have a chance of obtaining appointment by showing hia qualifications fur it. The cousins of rich men monopolised largely tie best places in tbe public offices; he would like to see tbem free to all. Our noble harbour should be better protected than it now was. A committee should be appointed to consider the best means of protection against any fireign Power. England might be embroiled with seme lnrge naval Power at any time, and we should be pre peicd for attack. He was a thorough believer in free trade, and be thought a large commercial city like this should be represented by a person holding such views. Then as to tbe cily debt, which was said to be £400,000 owing to tbe Government, he thought this ought tj be covered by tbe Consolidated revenue. It was intended to have ban so ; but, owing to a change in tbe Government, Mr. Wcekes came into uilice, and he, finding it owing to the Government, stuck to it It was incurred when the city was not represented, asd when tbc Government Com missioners spent tbe muney just aB they pleased. The next question for consideration was the reclamation of land at the head of Darling Harbour. He believe! this was a Government undertaking, and &hould; be done by the Government, and be made equal to the Circular Quay. The nfxt tiling was the water supply. He believed the water for Ibe city should come from the Nepean, above Menangle Bridge. If it were brought from the place men tiened by Mr. Dransfield it would require the ttse of engines; but he (Mr. Wearne) wanted a supply from some quarter whence it would flow by its own gravi tation ; so that the expense of engines might be saved. He should like to see the means given to the working classes to reside in the suburbs by providing railway transit at as cheap a rate as possible, and at convenient periods. He had to thank tbe electors for tbe hearing tbey had accorded bim whilst he bad stated his views as plainly as he could. If they elected him he should go into tbe House fully resolved to do bis duty as tbeir representative. (Cheers.) He had a large business in his hands, and this it would be necessary that he should attend to, and if he could not attend to tbat and bis Legisla tive duties be would quickly resign his charge into tbe hands of the electors. It was his conviction, however, that he could do justice to bis constituents without neglecting bis duties. He did not come out under tbe auspices of any sect, and bad supporters among all denominations. If ne went ia be should not be tied to any man. (Cheers.) He would ask bis hearers to werk for him to-morrow. There was a strong opposition; but he had no fear of the result (Cbeers.) Mr. W. B. Camfbbli,, wbo was received with much cheering, and some tokens of disapprobation, said be was so unwell that but for the dastardly attack made upon him by Mr. Parkes on Friday night, be would not have appeared before tbe electors to-day. (Cbeers.) He came forward as r. candidate on this occasion because he bad been asked by he most influential people in West Sydnev to place his services at the disposal of the electorate. The gentlemen who requested bim to become a candidate for the suffrages of this constituency were all men of influence, and they thought him a .fit and proper person to represent them. (Cheers and disapprobation.) They had known him ever since be was a child (for he was born and bred, and, pro bably, should die, here), and therefore they might be sup posed to be fully competent to form on opinion respecting bim. (Cbeers.) Without the slightest provocation, the moment be came out Mr. Partes attacked bim in the most dastardly manner,— just as if bis appearance as a candidate were an insult to the electorate ! He denied that it was an intuit (Cheers.) Why did Mx. Parkes attack him ? At the time of Mr. Parkes's insolvency and ruin, hia (Mr. Camp bell's) father gave.bim hundreds and thousands of pounis (Cbeers and much confusion.) But this was the way he (Mr. Parkes) had always shown his gratitude. Mr. Dar vall took him into his chambers and tried to make a barris ter and gentleman of him, but the first thing be did when Mr. Darvall put up as a candidate for the representation of an electorate was to oppose him. He ind dune it to every body ! (Cheers and counter cbeers.) When the Empire was first published his (Mr. Campeu's) father and unde, and Sir Daniel Cooper and some others, started Mr. Parkes in that enterprise, but he made as bad.UBe his opportu nities as any man could do, and be (Mr. Campbell) had never believed in him from tbat day to thiB. He would read a patsage from an addicts delivered by Mr. Parkes on Friday night. lie did not believe there waa any other man who would bave attacked him in such a way. It was the meanest thing he knew. There was not a man in the whole crowd before him wbo would do such a thing. First he said — ' Mr. Wearne was opposed by a yonng gentleman of whom he (Mr. Purkesj should say nothing disrespectful, but who, he had reabon to believe, possessed no single opinion of any kind. (Hear, bear.) He knew the heart and in ind of the people of this city well, and be knew the great body of his fdlow-citizens would not be so imposed upon, so bamboozled, or so led by the nose, as to support that instrument of designing men, simply because he oore an honourable name.' What did Mr. Parkes know of hia (Mr. Campbell's) opinions ? He would give them his opinions presently, and then they could judge for them selves. (Cheers.) He did not care, certainly, for Mr. Parkes's opinions. The men who were supporting bim (Mr. Campbell) included some of _ the greatest orna ments tbat ever sat in the Legislature, But Mr. Parkes went on to say what was utterly false, as he would prove. Mr. Parkes said, he ' happened to know that the family of that yonng gentleman was strongly opposed to bis election, and that he appeared before this great constituency not as the representative of any Ojiuicu, but simply to be an instrument in the hands uf men who wibbed to fill the Legislature of our country with tools and instruments.' For Mr. Parkes to eay that his (Mr. Campbell's) family were opposed to hiB election, was a deliberate falsehood. Ho said be 'happened to know,' as though he were on terms with his (Mr. Campbell's) fnmilv, which enabled him to acquire eucb knowledge! His (Mr. Campbell's) family had done witb him. (Cbeers, tii.d ' j ive it to liim, Willie.') He would. (Laughter aud cheers.) He did not think Mr. Paikes Chred a straw what be said, or did, so long as he could get into office. He talked uncommonly well, no doubt but when he got a chance he would turn on you like a snake, (Cbeers and disapprobation.) He would now come to another part where Mr, Parke* hud nftnckcd him in bis private life and character, (Voices : ' O, never mind tbat,' ond cheers.) lie was not afraid, (Cheers.) He had done nothing dishonourable. (Cheers.) Mr. Parkes said : 'Ho liked a man who stood erect ana looked men in tbe face, nnd who spoko out his mind, and who if be should ever think of marrying a wite, would stick to her.' Ho (Mr. Campbell) was not afraid to look any man in the face. He could stand erect, and as to looking in the face, be thought ho might Bay without vanity, that as far n- looks went ho shouici not suffer by a comparison with Mr. Parkes. (ltoaia of laughter.) He thought Mr. Parkes was the last who should talk about private character. Ho did not know that be would bear such a close insprction. But ho (Mr. Campbell) hated to go into these horrible things. When he came before the electors bo never thought that such things would be brought forward and made pubb'c in a manner so disgusting, and thut he should have bad to lake up thingB whicli Mr. Purkes bad done, He never would have dune it but for the horrible attack which Mr. Paikes made on him whea he knew lie whs ill in bed and could not move. It was not fair; it was not manly. (Cheers and groans, and a voice, ' He'll beat you,') Whether he did or not he would have bis say about the matter. He was going to state— but no. bo wouldn't do it. (Cheers, and cries of ?' Oh,' 'Out with it,' ' Give it him/f &c.;) Well, they told bim, and be believed it was true, tbat when Mr.l arkea wont lo Eng land ho left his wife bete without anything at all. (Con fusion.) He believed he left her without a penny of money to cany on with— and yet he talked about hiui (Mr. Camp bell) ! He (Mr. Campbell) bad done nothing dishonourable. Hn had never left any boto belonging to him withuut suffi cient support (Confusion.) Then he had been oharged with want of de/lni tenet s'in opinion. He thought, how ever, that hiB address Was clear and distinct. (Cheers.) He bad said distinctly that «he would support the present Land law, and be would notlctasy one touch it— noteven Mr. ParkeB. (Cheers.) Mr. Wearne talked about this sub ject, bnt he believed that gentleman had never been oat of bydney in bis life. He (Mr. Campbell) bad travelled all uver tbe country— Borto, and south, and west. Ho had been beyond Fort Bourke. He bad thus had opportunities of i-eeing the free selectors, and be believed tbey were sfttie 1 ficd. There were, of course, the drawbacks of the seasons, lut with those no legislation could deal. (A voice: 'Who paid your expenses S') He paid nis own expuiECS, (ChecrB and laughter.) He was in the JiDgera, where the four unfortunate victims of Mr. Parkes . wtre murdered. Ho eaw the selectors there, aud although tbe people were said to be a bad lot, he found tbem civil end comfortable. Tbey asked him in to bave some tea. (Laughter.) He 4id not go witb a policeman behind him. Be was not afraid to show his face. If any man attacked him, be'd ? be'l figlit him. (Cheers, and much laugh ter.) He would not reopen tbe question of State-aid. Tbey ought to bave no more of it If they could not sup port their o«u religions, what over tbey might be, they were of no use. If tbey believed in them, let tbem support them. (Cbeers.) He bad not pledged himself to any party in the House, although be should be more willing to sup- j port Mr. Robertson and his party than anyone else. The ideas be held had been instilled into his mind almost from bis youth, but as to mere politics, he did not believe he has spoken twenty words of politics to Mr. Robertson in his life. As to speaking: to Mr. Parkes, if he lived to the age of Metbusalen be would never speak a word to him, good, bad, or indifferent. (Laughter and cbeers and croons.) Mr. Campbell here bqzged to be excused from addressing them further, for his strength was exhausted. He could as-ure tbemtbat^ if they elected him, their confidence would be hiB highest incentive to serve tbem well and faithfully to long as he remained in the House. (Cheers.) The RETimKiSG-OFHCSii called for a show of hands for Mr. Dransfield. Four or five pemonB held up their bands, and there was a good deal of laughter, eome of it good -humoured, and eome of it derisive. Ibe show for Mr. Weame was large. There was, how ever, a decided majority in favour of Mr. Campbell; some said it was two to one, but the practice of holding up both bands is so common that it wonld be difficult to form any estimate of tbe relative proportions. Tbe Riturnjjcg-officee declared tbe show to be in favour of Mr. Campbell. A poll was demanded. Mr. Dbansi ield announced bis retirement from the contest. A vote of thanks was awarded to the returning-officer, and the crowd dispersed. 