THE EMINENT TRAGEDIAN. [bv EOBEnx b. buough.] DiS you ever know a tragedian, reader ? We do cot mean merely a gentleman who can act L /well in trcgedx- . A raan mav^bo ^fthopgh ^pw men ore)~aWo to do 'that 'witaout being entitiod to the definition. We could point out at tiny rate two accomplished artists on the stage, either of whom can play Hamlet,^ Macbeth, '.or Shylook as well as this generation haa been accustomed to see those characters embodied. But they are both comedians also— ?humorists, arid men of general intelligence'. We mean the tragedian pur sang,' who is that and nothing else— the man who never descends from his stilts, and who regards the most trivial . and amusing, incidents of life from a lofty pinnacle of pompous self -elevation through the telescope of his own inordinate conceit. Such is the tragic mind, reader. Have you ever known an individual endowed with it ? If so, you have, known ari ass. ' Poor Cothurnus Mandeville, for some years anterior to hia decease; ari ex- celebrity, iand , whose melancholy end. must still be fresh in the, recolledtiori of many of our readers', was a per son ; of this description; He was an eminent tragedian— ;andi; ye gods! what a fool! Not that he was .utterly deficient in intelligence. He was really a very fair actor in his line. He could declaim the serious passages of Shak speare gracefully and with soinething like pas sion ; and we really belieye that he was visited with .occasional glimpses as to their true mean ing. Carlyle himself would have admitted that Cothurnus 'possessed one half of a very tolerable - mind ; but the other half— ithat which endows . man, with; a sense of the ridiculous— was utterly wanting. in him. Therelore, when he, became a person of importance, lacking a corrective self- insight that should have told hiih when he was; making a fool of himself, he assumed' the most preposterous, airs, and played such fan tastic tricks as must have made the angels weep— supposing theiri' ta have taken the slightest ? interest in ' so contemptible' a 'per sonage.,.. .,, .,: ?, ? i ? ... ..?,,, ..- .?-,.. . . ' . . ' Cothurnus' Mandeyille was a steady, plodding youth, -with' a iiagriificent person and a rich, ^powerful voice, the son of well-to-do middle class parents, who had given him a : decent education. He had early resolved to adopt the stage as a 'profesbion, and' riot unwisely ; for it was in the time of the patent* theatres, arid while the: British public was yet a stanch play ?- goer. At that period 'the boards' offered to a .young m'au endowed with Mandeville's advan tages the i certairity of a creditable, 'gentleman-' like position, with the possibility of fam'e'.and fortune.. It is' a widely different thing now. , The theatrical profession has become a reckless lottery, in 'which a few monster prizes are drawn to ari infinity of blanks. 'A young man of spirit and acquirements who would now. de liberately meditate the adoption of a theatrical ] ^career would deservedly inonr the contempt' arid'eeisure 'of his friends, so; many less pre carious i channels for. talent and enterprise^ having been opened in our time. In our poor friend's day the stage was almost, the only. re- source' for an unpatronised youth of artistic tendencies, yet defioient'in the tastes or abilities necessary, to a career of letters, aridwho might ?feel a dislike, for commercial, pursuits. And jit., w,as a career that seldom failed. the well- quali- fied aspifarit; Cothurnus (Bet steadily to wbrlr 'to 'learn his adopted business. -- He graduated; in. the; various pr&vinoialtheatteB; j'for.in. those, days ',heaven- born1 -actors were not believed in. Hamlets1 and Mercritios , were 'not' then allowed' to spring rip, Mirierva-likeVarriied at aU points, from the!merchant?s:desk or! the I shopman's .counter. t, As the merits of the Histewnio Art \vere then appreciated, so were also its, diffi cultiesj; :It was ririderstopd'to be ari art req'ui|r ing and deserving as studious an' apprenticeship, as any. other. CothutuciH; learntil)he;tephr(i calities of his business thoroughly. , He was at this time a plodding, tea- drinking, home- writing youth; His brother actors looked upon hhri as a bit of : a milksop, ? perhaps ; ' but ? he ' was , thoroughly harmless, and not ungenerous. £jio he made rio enemies. . And .when the long-' looked-for L'oridon manager came at last, and offered him. a metropolitan engagement1 at one of the ' great houses,' his provincial com rades bade him, farewell with many expressions of good-will, in which there really.may have been & grain of sincerity, v ;; ?' ? ? ?' '? ' ' ' r ? ' ' ' ?' v ' ' ] ': '1 The drama, had. already ' passed its eenith.. , It , was.fer . from (being on its last : legs, but it had begun, to halt in itB.gaita jittle., , The public, appetite ^vas- begiririing ,to get' just -theu least thhig in the ,£ worldJ ; languid. , 'It ha^d' b'ecpriie a&'eady habituated1 to the use bfj stimulants.- : The' stat' . 'system had been, 'inaugurated; arid'the reign of puffing had set.' in.' Grreat'; «ve'nts,i sudden cbups'de maik,: .' ' unprecedented,' successes,' '? were now necfes- ? sary to awaken:- the, slumbering. (interest, of. British audiences, , ? iMandeville's newi manager, at the time of our. friend's engagement, wd,s Badly in. want of a star. .He .had tried . in. succession elephants, jugglers, 'real water,'^ and oavalry spectacles, but had reaped little by' such experiments beyond harvests of abuse in the newspapers for his desecration of one of the: great national temples of Thespis. His treasury was in a most languishing condition., The production of another ' gorgeous speotacle, with new scenery, dresses, and decorations,'- would have ruined him. ? It is at such crises aB these that the prodigal manager bethinks: himself of a return to the roof of the long-, suffering! paternal ShakBpeare. The public would then, as they will even now, and as they will contiriue to do as long as the English; language is spoken, flock eagerly to see the. Shakspearian drama, on the solitary condition of its being well abted. If » Mr — '? — could drily : . discover a new Shakspearian aotor whom he i could venture to palm upon the public as a. ' star,' his exhausted treasury would be re plenished in return for a most insignificant outlay. He found the desideratum in our hero, whoso youth, handsome person, aristo cratic bearing, melodious voice, and thorough knowledge of ' stage business,'.' impressed him favorably. He decided on making an ' event ' of Cothurnus. ; T ?- ''???- ; Poor CothomuR, who had engaged himself for a single season on very modest terms, and whose wildest dreams of metroph'tan buo oesB had scarcely led him to hope for more than ?' a debut in the Benvolios and Horatios, with a. remote prospect of elevation to the Macduffs and Riohmonds, was driven to the verge -of delirium by the information that he was to make hia first appearance on: the boards of a London theatre as Hamlet! Mr—— waa wise in his generation. He knew that all the re cognised actors of the haute ecele at that time on the stage were middle-aged men, with whose peculiarities of style ovor-f amiliarity on the part of the pnblio bad produced something of the proverbial result. He felt that a really Young Hamlet, who could also look something like the conventional idea of a prince, would be at any rate a novelty, and he was determined to spare no pains to make it an attractive one. The secret of V working the oracle' by preliminary trnmpet flouriBhings.in ihe public, journals was already known to an initiated few* Cothurnus was astonished; intoxicated,. to,i find his ad vfent heralded as .that of the very black swan [or phoenix of tragedians. Glowing biographies of him, for the most part creditable to the imaginative faculties ot their authors, were freely circulated. Anecdotes of his early life were either hunted up or invented. His portrait (painted by an eminent artist, and handsomely lithographed at Mr ? -' s expense) was to be ' seen in every, print-shop window. Bulletins of his progress and demeanor at rehearsals, and of his health during incidental ailments, were issued, as though he had been a crowned head or the commander of an army on active service.. Cothurnus found himself a celebrity before he had ever faced a London audience! The result was he took it all aB his due. He believed' himself the great : creature it ' was Mr- — 'a interest to have him represented, lit turned his poor silly brain, and he .beoame thenceforth the hopelessly conceited! idiot he lived and died. ' ?' ' [ -: Cothurnus appeared as Hamlet, ∋ literally took the town by .storm. , This did' not surprise him .in the. least. He was one of those easily self- satisfied persons whom' a very little adulation will elevate in their own estimation to the level of demigods. Besides, ho really could play Hamlet— T-as people are., acoustomed, to see it played — as well as, if not better than,' any of his contemporaries. It is true that, at that time, he had about as much knowledge of the character— -he improved in it greatly. before his death — as an inteligent cow might be. ex- pected to acquire in a few easy lessons. ''' i Cothurnus made the audience quite comfort able on Hamlet's 'aocount. He was very poh'te to. the ghost, but not too frightened at the apparition of that unquiet spectre. He bullied the king'1' fairiously, asd proved that his heart was jin the right place by softening down the rather trying scenes with his mother to a pitch of praiseworthy filial tenderness. His 'chaff' of ; Polbnius, Rpsencirantz, and Guilderistern was most witheringi and brought forward an element ef comedy in which the play is usually supposed to be deficient, and which was ad mitted to be a great relief. It never seemed to bectir to anybody that such a Hatnlet as GothurnuBrepresentedjBo healthily vigorous arid - self-reliant,- was just the man to depose jhis unole and stepfather by a coup d'etat, to look up. his mother in a convent till she had learnt to behave herself, to marry OpheUa if it so suite|d him, and then to divorce her in the .event of jai more advantageous alliance presenting. itself,, and to treat the apparition of his father's ghopt '-^mubh1 as Mr Scrooge didthat'bf his defunct' partner ; Marley — as the mere dyspeptic result of,' a fragment of underdone potato.' -_? 'The . Hamlet of Cothurnus was pronounced, the real thing; and allplaygoing Londori went to see it for many score nights iri succession, to the' great emolument ;and .dolight of Mr— --,.tlie- .manager. ? ? ,,, ? . ,-; ..... ,.,..'] ,,.'? ..-.:., [ ; '. It was not fair to make put poor Qothurnus . such' a1 great man as they did.' His poor feeble ?intellectual systein' ceuld hot stand such doses .of flattery as they administered to him. Ojooult ^meanings were, giyen^tp his, 'new readingsJ'; 'Angfy paper wars were waged between able critics as to his interpretation of various pass ? ages.: KiThe Jnow ialli but extinct race bf play- ' going fpgies^oame fprwarfls with lecollectionB, , to hia aetnment,'.of the merits of all.the.Gajr. ricks, KemblesV arid Kedns' Who bad ever corked their upper lipsi L Therie latrictufes were trium phantly answered f by ,-tha.. younger and- jrior.e : influential race of critics, whose, partisanship . led ^othurpus.1 tobelieve' himseif.the equal pf the greatest of his predecessors'. /Perhaps he was. We have always mistrusted bygone theatri cal reputationB.,; It ^difficult to get at the truth ; on a departed aotor's merits, which, to be sure, is a matter of no more consequence than the color of last night's rookets, or the flavor of lost year?s pottcheB. ? ?;??;. . i i . . , ..After Hamlet Cothurnus appeared ip Romeo, then in Othello, then Riohard ; in Bhort, allthe characters of the' repertoire, technically, known as the 'leading' business,' and in all 'With equal success; Every; new assumption created a .fresh furor. : His position-aa a. pnblio fav orite was ^thoroughly eBtabliB^ed. ; ;His market value wbb fixed, iri the language of the The atrical Exchange, at no less than ' fifty pounds a, week, and) a clear ben. of .: any manager's ? money.' A!'.ben.,', reader, is a benefit. ,, ! ' Bat this liberal estunate was as nothing . compared with the new tragedian's own ap praisement of his exalted worth. There was, perhaps, no suoh ridiculous' person in the world-r-and that is , saying, a, great -dealr-BB Cothurnus Mandeville during the early days of liis Popularity: : He - gave himself insufferable airs. .He started a carriage and pair, which he drpye aga.ins^ . lamp-posts, .and over : market women, and whioh, he ultimately got pitched out of on his fortunately, thick head.' He 'dressed like the ' swell' iri a pantomime— suoh a blazing caricature was he of modish elegance in the matters of silk, facing, gold, and jewellery. . He engaged a staff of footmen, a valet, and a secretary--heaven knows what the latter could have been for !! He stipulated', in the terms of his second, engagement, for an rinUmited supply of wax lights, and rose water in his dregsing-rbom. His insufferable arro gance beat everything. He out his old ac quaintances mercilessly. He would riot look at a letter that was not handed, to him on a salver. His strut in the public streets— when he: condescended to walk— was most laugh able. - He would smite hia forehead, roll his eyes, appear abstracted when addressed, and plead.the excuse of 'brain-work' — as if the poor wretoh had any brains to work, with ! '.\: But was Cothurnus happy?' Alas/, no I There was ar huge ugly skeletori'that always seemed abont to burst from his cupboard. Our tragio Damocles never sat down - to his, sump tuous dinner without ; the consciouBnoBS of a weighty two-handed sword suspended above bis head, the point barely an inch or two above hia organ ef self-estbem. He was the greatest tragedian of his time. He associated .with the highest of the land (for there were 'theatrical men' among the princes arid dukes of that day). Beautiful, actreases— and it was' even said countesses — were at his feet:. Managers; authore even, toadied him. He had every ad vantage that a feather- brained coxcomb csuld deshre except — exoept-^-well, the truth must out _T- tbat;, ... ,_.. . ? ? ? -. .,.''. '.. ' ; HIS REAI. NAME WAS JABEZ BuflOINS ! - -' i ' ' ~ ' . . ? .. , , .. .. , j For the first' time for many years -the Irish Registrar- General has the duty of reportirig ari increase of population. The number of birtho registered during tb,e quarter ended March last being 88,182 ; the deathB, 25,274 ; and the -erriigration, 12,527; An increnso of 381 would appear to hayo taken place in tho population of Ireland during that period. 