A SPANISH SPy;--The following adven ture, which orcurred to the 84th Regiment in the Pyrenees, is the curious counterparit if a familiar anecdote related of tlhe-warhbe tweepflite Enghlish and the.French in AmericaO some sixty years previously :--A.t one of thse outpusts our sentries ha:d disappeared in tihe night three times and always. at. the same place; good intelligent soldiers idot at all likely to desert. Many surmises anni ?pinidos were advanced about this mystery. I recomended double sentries one night to be planted close to each other-one of them to have his ear to tile ground fiequently, to'catch any sound or movement. The place was very quirte'and retired, by the side of a goat-path amongst the rocksi,, and the night was dark and late. One of the sentries jumped up from the ground, whe're hlie had ieeh most attentively listening, ans whispered his comrade that he heard a littlerustling i~iongst the leaves and low brushwood. thlire was no wind, a!l else was calm and quiet They now stood together a little more retired, round the edge of the rock breast high, and Saited this coming ghost, as they said, withitheir flints fixed. The man'?;niiames were Murphy ani fStyleh. " Don't.you hear a noise, now," said Murphy, " iust lif: a pig smeli~s' for acorns ?" I do; and I thiok' I see somethiing" crawling up here like a 'bear. Will you cover hiin, and fire? I'll keep my shot irs.rbservie hush! It approaches slowly, on "all:,f?irs, and crouches down." ~I se's it," says Styles; "it's a bear. Cover him' well, ast knook him over." And over hei went al the instant. Both mlen weited a little-r-one to .reload; and thein cautiously advanced with fixed bayonets. The'gamewas as'idead as .,door nail-and ,what.was it ? A Spanish opy (perhap ) in the French service: dresped up in tan old hear-skin, armed with a sort !o tomahliwk, short speari, and a cuciill (Spanish knitfe). No dunubt the same wild beast-that cnrried off the former sentries, IVwho might nit have been so ewatchful on thiii sqlitsry otstpost. We suppose this wild buasi inight have had a reward for every red-coat he caught alive. : It is certain none of our men were found, dead or alive after we misi sad them; .ind again the iFrench had toe much rmilitmlry honour to engage in anytliiimg so unworsthyof their noble character. 'i'hs advnnead sentries were' always doublled in futuFeo.-Ros -Idsd iotJ by aln ol lSb ldier, 