Epitome of News. We compile the following from the various journals to hand:— Last Saturday's 'Tam worth Examiner' says: On Tuesday last the brethren of the True Friendship Lodge celebrated their anniversary. They marched through the town in full regalia, headed by their (band, and heard in St. Paul's Church au excellent discourse from the Rev. Mr. Whinfield^ About 40 of the brethren, and a few friends, sat down to a dinner in the evening at Brother Chaffey's inn.-James "Bwyer has been fined 5s. "for'allowing a" pig "to stray in the streets.—A few light showers of rain fell in the early part of the week, which will be of some service in sustaining the present favourable appearance of the wheat and other crops. Some heavy frosts have fallen.—A Chinaman named Pat Higgins has been stabbed, at Latvrance's inn, Tamworth, by another Chinaman named George. They had quarrelled about alleged cheating at a game of dominoes, and it was " during a fight that the wound was inflicted, in the abdomen. Higgins is expected to recover, and George is in custody.—A man, whose name we could not learn last night, was apprehended during the week, in" town, on a charge of uttering a cheque, purporting to' be drawn by E. H. Lloyd, Esq., of Wallah, near Nar rabri. The prisoner attempted to pass it off to Mr. William Allen, of the Post-Office Hotel.—There were two conditional purchases made at the land office here on Thursday, of 100 acres at Menedebrie, and 50 on Tulcuinbah rim, Peel River. A correspondent writes to the ' Mercury''There was a dreadful hail storm about three miles from Wallabadah ou Thursday last. It seemed to pass over the country in a bee line. At Wallabadah there ,.was not a drop of rain, and yet between there and Haydon Gully the hail and rain were fearful for about twenty minutes.' At Coonabarabran recently a young man named Talbot felled a tree, wbicli, rebounding from the stump, broke his arm. The * Dubbo Dispatch' learns thai Messrs. Barkle man and Co. had erected a boiling-down establish ment somewhere on the Barcoo or in that neighbour hood, and that they had entered into arrangements to boil down about 100,000 sheep from the Northampton Downs, Barcoo, and other Queensland localities. The Herald' says of the Northern Railway : The ; permanent way is now laid for some distance beyond ■ the Chains of Ponds, some seventeen miles beyond I [Single ton, and the rate of progress is satisfactory. C The erection of the station-house at Muswellbrook j has been commenced. The drawings and sections for the remaining 20 miles to take the line into Murru rnndi are nearly completed, and tenders will be in vited for the work shortly. f The telegraph line between Port Macquarie and > Armidale has been commenced, the contract for the work having been taken by Messrs. Wright and Ed ' mondson. The 'Pastoral Titnes' saysAccording to the esti mate of the value of potash in the wool of sheep (all of which is wasted in Riverina), we lose over £100,000 annually here. The wool manufacturers of Rheiins, Elbeuf, and Founder annually wash the fleeces of 0,750,000 sheep, yielding potash to the value of £SO,000. These £100,000 would almost pay for the shearing this season. AlsoWe learn that In one paddock of 3000 ewes on Mr. Valiant's Chub Sing station 102 per cent, of . lambs was cut, and OS per cent, was the cutting aver age of the . whole of the ewes on the above station. This was without any deduction for dry ewes. The establishment of a Bushmen's Home In Ade laide Is being actively taken up by several influential squatters. I James Scully, charged with the murder of Robert ■ Buzzacotte, at Uuddcll Creek, in I85G, bus been com ' tuitted for trial. The ' Herald' says:—An impression seems to exist 1 that the Treason Felony Act has been disallowed, j This is not the fact. The Secretary of State has sim ply, for the present, abstained from submitting it to her Majesty for approval. In point of lair the ap proval of her Majesty is not necessary to the validity anJ( Act jrassed by the Parliament of this colony. Her Majesty may, within two years from the passing of any such Act, disallow it, but if not expressly dis hallowed it remains in force. f It is stated that in 1848 the number of Maories was I estimated at 100,000 ; it is now taken at 38,500, the |decrease being sixty-one per cent, during that period. The Melbourne 'Argus' says .-—Messrs. Dalmaboy Campbell and Co. sold on Tuesday, for Mr. Richard Morton, of Mount Derrimut, for the sum of £130, one of the pure short-horned bull calves of the celebrated "Butterfly" blood, viz., Royal Butterfly the thirty second. The purchaser was Mr. Richard Ridge, of Windsot, New South Wales. The Australasian' says, of the highest score at cricket ever madeIn a match played at Cliftou College May 14, 19, and 28, Classical v. Moderns, a Mr. E. F. S. Tylecote scored, " not out," 404. The total of the innings was 630. The score comprised one seven, five fives, twenty-three fours, &c.; At Wallscud lately a woman named Blair slipped and fell as she was walking across a wet floor. She fell with sufficient violence to fracture one of her arms. The following rules are io be observed In many of the first-class shearing sheds of Riverina:—1. The hours for beginning and leaving work, and for smok ing, will be struck upon the belL 2. Shearers may learn the number of their tallies by application to the manager every Monday morning. 3. Every shearer must hang up or lay down his shears before putting out the sheep he has finished, to prevent accident to himself or others. 4. No noise, riot, nor improper language will he permitted. It should he unnecessary to remind workmen that work can only be carried on properly where quiet, attention, and decent behaviour are observed. Mr. Christian Ogilvie writes to the ' Pastoral Times':—I wish through your paper to suggest to the squatters of Riverina the expediency of sowing Sydney couch grass-seed along the'rivers and watercourses as a probable means of extirpating the trefoil with which such places arc so much infested. I am Induced to think it would be, in time, successful from the great vitality possessed by this grass, and may add that in 18G6 I sowed some in the northern part of South Australia which is now springing up well, though It had to lie dormant through two years of severe drought. There has of late been a considerable quantity of base coin floating about in Geelong, Victoria, consist ing of shillings, hal£erowns, aud half-sovereigns, the less valuable coin, of course, being the niost numer ous. In a hut at Highton a man named Patrick Sweeney has been arrested, and on his person or in his swag all the necessary apparatus for coining were found. The Australasian' says, of the Queensland gold fields. Those upon which the recent rushes have been made are three in number, and are separated from each other by hundreds of miles. First we have the Mary River gold field, within which is comprised Gympie, Kilkivan, and Yabber, and of which the port is Maryborough. Next in order come the Port Curtis fields, comprising Morinish, llidgelands, Rosewood, Crocodile, and Canoona diggings, aDd of which the port is Rockhampton. Last in order and present in importance Is the Cape River field, of which the port Is Townsville, Cleveland Bay. The 'Empire' states that the clergyman of the parish in which Mrs. Vial lives, in Cornwall, on see ing the news of the Duke of Edinburgh's danger and escape, wrote to inform her Majesty that the mother of Mr. Vial was there; and the information was immediately responded to by the grant of the annuity of L40. The ' Western Examiner' states that the body of a dan, unknown, was found on the 4th instant, in a paddock at Pretty Plains. A medical examination proved that death was literally the result of starva tion. Judge Macfarland, of the Metropolitan District Court, has given notice that for the future all plaints to which the defendants plead vaguely such notices as f "not guilty", and " never indebted,'' will be treated by him as undefended causes, so as to compel parties to appear in open court, and state explicitly the grounds of their defence. Joseph Randall, indicted for the murder of Mary Potter, a woman with whom he cohabited, at Glades ville, has- been found not guilty and discharged. Death had occurred from a wound on the »">»d be. lieved to have been received by Mary Potter when she - fell into the fire while drunk. The Sydney Corporation has been sued by several persons for services rendered In connection with Prince Alfred's visit. The plaintiffs were nonsuited, on the plea that the persons engaging them had no authority to do so. One claim for the Volunteer Band amounted to X54. The Puddington Council was also sued, but it was defeated. The ranger of the Parramatta Park haB succeeded in grafting effectively on another stock a portion of the tree planted there by Prince Alfred, and which was mutilated recently by some scoundrel. i The young men who died lately at Yering, in Vie ;* toiia, from the effects of burning charcoal in a close ; 'oonj/ were from 20 to 25 years of age, and sons of a > farmer. They had taken in apan of charcoal with v out their father's knowledge, lie knowing the poison ous effects of Its fumes. At 7 on the following morn ing their mother went Into their room, and found them all dead, while the charcoal had burned out. ; The young men had complained of being cold at night. Dr. Barker, on making a post-mortem exami nation, found that death had been occasioned by as phyxia from inhaling carbonic acid gas, and observed „ that death was inevitable where, a pereon slept in a confined room in which charcoal was burning. The Deniliquin hospital patients cost 2s. 2id. each per day in "1S60, 2b. ljd. in 1867, and 2s. 10dL in 1SG8 or about L89 per annum for board and lodging only. • The lUawarra Mercury' states that rumours have > lately been current that gold has been found in pay able quantities at Shellharbour. An experienced digger Is said to have sent to Sydney for a quantity of Quicksilver, the gold being reiy fine, In order to test S-lfeji'Miter. An Odd Fellows' Lodge was opened at Merrfwa on Prince Alfred's birth day. The returns of live stock Imported during the quar ter ending 30th June show that Victoria required ■ from New South Wales and Queensland 14,258 cattle, 83,679 sheep, .and 482 horses. The Ballarat Star3 says it is stated that a private of the 14th regiment, now at Melbourne, has come into a fortune of L7000. A man named George Smith died some time ago, doting a drinking bout, at Bogolong. His "mate" had given him a quantity of chlorodyne, and it was supposed that this had caused death. Smith'sstomach was sent to an analytical chemist In Sydney, but it appears that no proof could be adduced that death was caused by the chlorodyne. Murphy, the man who liad given Smith the liquid, has therefore been dis charged from custody. The population of Victoria on the 30th June Is stated to have been 670,148, showing an increase on the quarter of 5578. Mr. Fellows proposes payment of members of the Victorian Assembly, at the rate of Ll per day for a session of 60 days. Trial surveys of the railway to the Ovens have com menced. The importationof sheep from Victoria is prohibited for six months'longer. At a numerously attended meeting in Sydney on the 13th instant, the Governor presiding, it was re solved to clear the debt off St. Andrew's Cathedral be fore consecrating the building. White, lately schoolmaster on board the Vernon training ship, has been sentenced to four years for forgeiy. \- The income from the Yan Yean water works last year Is said to have been £58,536, and the cost of man agement £7500. Two jurymen, who did not appear In the Mel bourne Supreme Court on the 1st inst. were fined 1,1 \- each- The fine was Increased to HO each on the Monday following, and to be further increased If they did not appear. A correspondent of a Perth journal thus speaks of the native divers at Nicol Bay, Western Australia:— "The Ceylon divers would be far surpassed by our own natives, who in this respect may be raiiofl a Mud of ' half-fish.' They think no more of swimming five or six miles than I do of walking the same distance, and the women actually dive and catch a sort of ' achaapper here in two or three fathoms of water." Messrs. John Gunn and Egge have been fined LlO ' each for supplying drink to the aboriginals at Went worth on the late occasion when agin was found dead from its effects. Gunn Is an innkeeper, and £gge keeps a boarding house. The last fortnightly escort brought 4329 ounces of gold to Maryborough. Only one small machine was then at work at Gymple. The' Maryborough Chronicle/ of Queensland, sayB: —After George Slater had been dischaiged-from "the flock on the verdict of, not guilty of mutilating a horse in a brutal manner, his Honor remarked that he was very sorry to hear that several inhuman outrages such as that tried that day had recently been com mitted in Mmyborough, and it might be as well that it should l>e known that any one found guilty of such a heinous offence would be liable to be sentenced to penal servitude forfourtecn years. A man engaged lately In repairing the roof of St. John e Church, Brisbane, fell to the ground, some 25 feet. His right hand was severely -cut, and he was greatly shaken, but that was alL ^The 'Bockhampton Bulletin' is informed that the late rains penetrated as far as the Comet, but owing to the long drought the earth was so hardened that the tarn, though copious, penetrated but to a depth. The squatters in that district still fear that -they will not have sufficient water for Wlr. poses. An Adelaide journal saysAmongst several offenders against sobriety who were fined 5s. each at the police court, on 4th instant, was a man whoxwght to have paid the penalty with many thanks. The police found in his possession 201 sovereigns, a small . amount in silver, and paper money. Western Australia contains over half a million of At Bunbnry, Western Australia, on the 14th July, three inches of rain fell within three hours. Recently, near Bathnrst, Mr. Joseph West, jun., -was driving towards his residence at •Mnnpnril Mains, and on the road observed a cart bottom up wards, with the horse's heels upwards In the shaft. On further examination he found a man and his wife asleep under the vehicle, and by taking off the tail board he palled them out. They had been drinking and had fallen asleep in the cart, the npcp*HT,g of which did not awaken them. They bad not been in ; jured. I Mr. Cook, formerly of New England, who holds the | Balnagowan run, on the Mackay. in company with S Mr. Boss, has lost many cattle by the Tifwira His S stockman lately found the carcases of five cattle a killed but a few hours. * '^fa8a Courier' reports that a youth, asonof Mr. Townsend, of Dalton, having delivered a load of timber for the Bruce auction, at Gunning, was return ing home riding upon his dray, when one of Ma legs got Between the spokes of the wheel, and in toying to extricate it with the other leg, both the limbs were broken. Specimens of the red oxide of mercury have been left at the ! Bathnrst Times' office. This valuable ndneral has been discovered in large quantities on the Cudgegong, near Bylston, and the discoverers have applied to the Government for authority to select ander the Crown lands Occupation Act, in order to work the mine. A man named Rushford fa in custody at Bathurst charged with stealing a horse the property of Mr Eoberts. The Litter and Mr. Wade were both to gether in the bush, looking for horses, when they came across the horse in question. Both claimed it and it transpired that it had been sold to Wade by Hushford. Few persons outside this district, Bays the ' Day lesford Mercwy,' hare an Idea of the length of our mining tunnels. That of the New Federal Company Italian Hill, lias now reached the great distance, of 2580 feet, and they are constantly Increasing the length of the adit. The 'Herald' says, relative to the Paris Exhibl tionIt has been intimated that a gold medal will be presented by the Government of this colony to each of the commissioners for sen-ices. About twenty- ' four medals will be required, the necessary dies for ! which have been received. , It appears that George Hirst, who has received a 1 sentence of six years' imprisonment, embezzled dur- I tog two years nearly £1200, the property of his em- ■ ployers, Messrs. Alders on and Sons. A girl named Jane Frances Roberts has been sen- 1 tenced to a year's imprisonment with hard labour for 1 attempting to set on fire the house of Joseph Onus at the Kurrajong. ' At the central police court, Sydney, a few days ago, i John Thomas, of Goulbum-street, was fined 10s. for : having three light weights; James Fresman, of Sus- : sex-street, was fined 30s. for having a false weighing machine; Andrew Smith, of Kent-street, was fined I -0s. for three light weights, and 10s. for a false weigh- 1 log-machine; Charlotte Haydon, of Kent- street, was j fined 10s. for having two light weights; in each cose 1 "with 10a. 6 At the settlement on Cape Yoric one man has been shot, and all the stores, clothing, arms, and ammuni tion have been carried off, by the natives. The cap win of a schooner left what supplies he could spore, nut more are urgently needed. The tenders lately accepted foT the continuation of the Western Bailway towards Bathurst will, when completed finish the line to Kelso, two miles on the . Sydney side of Bathurst. The ' Braidwood Dispatch' says of flour from white maize:—Already the manufacture of this maize Into the most prepared form of flour has been very suc cessful at Merimbula, where it is superseding the imported corn flour from America. Mr. Geoige Weber, of Neliigen, we observe, has put up an Ame rican horse power mill for the grinding of the maize grown by the farmers of that neighbourhood, and since the mill has been at work he has had a large 1 quantity of com to grind from the surroundine «=»t tiers. A pedestrian named Austin lately run 7} miles in 50 minutes, at Wollongong. The ground was very uneven. A match has been made for £20 a side that he will not run IS miles in two hours. A married woman named Macuamara died recently, near Windsor, from exposure to the weatherand want of sufficient nourishment. Although 79 years of age, she had travelled from Gundagai with her husband, to secure admittance in some benevolent asylum in Sydney. When the aged couple reached Windsor they had just sufficient money to buy a loaf of bread, and they slept two nights in a paddock with but two old blankets. The woman died at a Mr. Hough's place where the couple had arrived in a state of desti tution, and where they were kindly treated- She had been blind for four years. Her husband has been 58 years in the colony. Governor Blackall has arrived at Brisbane. Col O'Connell declined to do anything relative to the Ministerial crisis previous to the arrival of the Go vernor. John Anderson, formerly a squatter in "Victoria, has become insolvent. While his liabilities ore £200,000, his assets are valued at but £8 ! Hogan, condemned for the murder of Martin Booney, at Bullock Creek, was hanged at Castlemaine on Friday last week. The recriminations among the "Victorian legislators continue. Mr. Sladen has charged the Premier, Sir. M'Culloch, with profiting to the extent of £600 by some manipulations with respect to the import duties on sugar.. Mr. M'C. denies the accusation. The ' Newcastle Chronicle' says:—We understand that some of the diggers who have recently visited this city, on their way to the Queensland diggings, have left behind' them anything but agreeable re miniscences in the shape of a number of spurious and consequently valueless bank-notes. We have heard of several parties who. have been victimised in this way. One poor woman, we are informed, took as many as ten one-pound notes, every one of which was bad. Smith, lately Postmaster of Bockhampton, has been i committed for trial on a charge of embezzlement. A miner named John Fault was lately killed in stantaneously, at the Peak Downs Copper Mines, by a fall of earth from the engine shaft. "Lambing in this neighbourhood, says the 'Dalby Herald' of the 8th instant, is proceeding satisfactorily, and the increase is likely to he fully up to that of pre ceding years. On Jlmbaur we hear that the increase in the flocks has been from 94 to 103 per cent. We observe that at Kooroora, on the Moonie, shearing will commence on the 17th instant, and at Halliford on the 1st September. Twenty-one thousand sheep belonging to Jimhour have been boiled down for tal low during the present year. Of the four prisoners tried for the silk robbery at Messrs. Chisholm & Co.'s, Sydney, Ingram was ac quitted. Jones, Archibald, and laddy were found guilty, and each sentenced to three years' Imprison ment with hard labour. The' Daylesford Mercury' says:—A curious example of how near a shaft may be sunk to payable gold, and yet fail to touch it, is given on the Four-mile Flat, near the Prince of Wales mine. A number of. years ago a shaft was sunk on the stony hill near the road to M'Callum's, but nothing was obtained, yet now the secret is revealed by the ground falling in right up to the 'ride of the' shaft, showing that the Prince of Wales Company have worked out a large block of ground there which turned out very rich washdirt. A Victorian journal says:—A case of what appears very determined suicide by a Chinese has been dis covered at Campbell's Creek. Oh Sunday morning, at an early hour, a man named Martin was passing through Blanket-flat, when he saw a Chinese in a squatting position In a hole about three feet deep. A closer examination showed him that the man was dead, and information was immediately given to the .police. On the body being removed, in the hand of the deceased was found a matchbox, which had con tained opium, and his mouth and nose were smeared with the same drug. On his arm was twisted a rope, by which it would seem that had the poison failed, strangulation would have been resorted to. The Melbourne * ATgus' says;—A novel mode of devising a scheme for the reduction of the present enormous Civil service expenditure in the colony has been suggested by Mr. Everard. It is that a reward of £1000 for each department shall be offered to any person who shall supply to a committee of the Legis lative Assembly undoubted evidence of any means whereby the several branches of the public service can be effectually carried on at two-thirds, or less, of the expense at present Incurred. A lode of vermilion near Cudgegong, after having apparently run out, has been again found, and means are being taken for working it. The 'Goulburn Herald' says:—On Thursday last Mr. Henry Jeffrey, innkeeper and builder of Taralga, formerly of Paddy's Biver, suddenly dropped dead 'in Ins workshop while speaking to one of his men. The' Ararat Advertiser' say3:—In the neighbour hood of Mount Aripiles the mobs of wild pigs are increasing very fast, and some of the boars are be coming very fierce as well as bold. The sport of run ning these animals down and killing them appears to offer quite as exciting amusement as their chase does in other countries. At one place, where wild pigs are not uncommon, a private hunt was arranged about a week back, which gave quite as much excitement as is said to be enjoyed at these hunts In Ger many. A Canonbar correspondent mites to the "Dubbo Dispatch':—It is very evident to me that the whole of the plains country will soon he fenced in; Messrs. Bichardson, Brown, Cobb and Co., Bidge, Hall, and Ashcroft all having a number of men employed either at post and rails or wire, and Mr. L. Bichardson having just completed 34 miles of two-rail fence for cattle. The 'Evening News' says:—By the arrival of the steamer Saxonia somefurther intelligence has reached Sydney of the sayings and doings of the pseudo Count Von Attains, the owner of the yacht Hamlet's Ghost. The yacht arrived at Cleveland Bay on the 2Sth of July, and the adventurer was lionised to the extreme. Be was a guest whom everyone delighted to honour on board the Saxonia, spoke patronisingly of his Sydney friends, and announced his Intention of com pleting his cruise by returning to Port Jackson on the 3rd instant, as he expected an Austrian war vessel would shortly call at the "station to convey him to Europe. Henry Cunningham has been fined £15, or four mouths' imprisonment, by the Mudgee Bench, for having meat in his possession which he could not satisfactorily account for. At the Scone police court last week Thomas O'Brien was fined 5s. and costs for evading a toll gate, and to pay besides the toll -money. At the same court a ■ number of persons were fined £36 and costs for selling ; spirits without a license. Among the number a man named Ingham and his wife were fined £30 each, and a storekeeper at Aberdeen was fined £60 on two charges. After this decision, his store was searched under a warrant, and there were seized three casks of bottled porter, three casks of bottled ale, one keg of port wine, one ditto brandy, one case of sherry, one ditto of whisky, one cask containing rum, and fifty one bottles of brandy, ale, old torn, &c.; From the Upper Warrego a correspondent of the ' Dubbo Dispatch,' dating Cunnumulla, says they had some fine rains, and the country was looking quite green again. From the Paroo the 'Dubbo Dispatch' hears that they have had a most glorious fall of rain, for a day and part of a night. They had now plenty of grass and water, and the feed was really magnificent; the lambing would be everywhere above the average. The Paroo was running strong, and ail-the waterholes are fuiL The Catholic authorities decline retaining Count Von Attem's donation to St Mary's Cathedral A number of variegated black and yellow tiles for the floor at the entrance to some new shops at Orange have been manufactured by" a local'firm. The face •of the tiles is highly glazed, and the quality appa rently very durable. A man named Faby was lately apprehended at Orange on a charge of horse stealing, and admitted to bail. When the horse was produced it was admitted to belong to Fahy, and the woman who laid the charge said she was drunk when she did so. She- j pretended to be a married woman, but her husband could not be found by the police. The employees connected with the business estab lishments at Orange are endeavouring to secure their employers' recognition of the following dates as holi days :—Boxing Day, New Year's Day, Anniversary Day, Easter Monday, St. Patrick's, St. Andrew's, Queen's and Prince Alfred's Birthdays, in addition to the usual holidays—Christmas Day and Good Friday. A request is also to be made that in the event of the holiday falling on Sunday the Monday following should be observed. A slab stable belonging to the Commercial Hotel, Orange, was lately discovered to be on fire, hut by prompt assistance the flames were soon got under. From an examination by a black tracker it is believed that the fire was the work of an Incendiary. A man was apprehended on suspicion, but from lack of evi dence was discharged. A family were recently proceeding in a cart to • Orange when it npset. All escaped injury except a child, whose skull was severely fractured, and one piece of the bone could not be found. Of course the recovery of the child is doubtful under these circum stances. The Sydney correspondent of a country paper states that on their return trip from the opening of the Southern Railway to Marulan, 18 miles N. of Goul burn, the Ministry had a taste of official bungling, which enabled them to take a quiet siesta in their seats, until the hoar of midnight," when they were safely landed at their destination, in moods which jnnst have been the reverse of amiable. He also writes:—The lovers of aquatic sports have received with regret the news of the death of the champion rower of the Thames .and the Tyne, Robert Chambers, from consumption, caused it is presumed from exposure and fatigue. Though but tliirty-seven years of age, and making his first appearance in 1852, he nevertheless scored 90 wins in 112 events, besides taking part in 46 four oared races in 39 of which he was one of the winning crew, .successful 15 out of 20 times in pairs, and as a sculler carried off 34 out of 40 contests. . The * Bathurst Free Press' of Saturday last says:— A fine sample of half a dozen large sized, fully ripe, highly coloured oranges, grown at Brucedale, the estate of W. H. Suttor, Esq., were shown to us on Thursday last. Brucedale is not a dozen miles from Bathurst, and the orange trees were planted on high ground. A person who has been in India, and knows the ap pearance of alligators well, states that he recently saw one 11 or 12 feet long in the Munumbidgee River. Several ears of rusty wheat have been forwarded to the 'South Australian Advertiser' office, from differ ent localities. The samples in question exhibit most unmistakeable red rust. Some land was lately offered for sale at Goulburn, by the Government, dividing which was a surveyed road that would be practically useless, being over an extremelysteephilL Remonstrances were made, but without success. The land was therefore bought by two or three gentlemen, who had it re-surveyed and sold. They sustained little if any loss in thus secur ing a good road. Mr. John Fairfax has commenced an action against Mr. Frederick Lee for defamation of character. Mr. Jnles Joubert has written to Sir. Clements, of SingletonI very much regret being unable to sup ply you with the plan of the American stove for manufacturing sugar. The only sketch of this most ingenious contrivance now in the colony, is the last report of the Agricultural and Patent Office of Wash ington (U.S.), an official -document belonging to the American Consulate here. I had the loan of it for a few hours only, and have caused an order to he sent off by Panama Mail to the United States for a few of these stoves. I wish I could have been able to re spond to your request, as I am sure you would have induced many of your fanners to go into beet root growing. I may tell you that the demand for seed this year has gone far beyond my expectations. Tuesday's * Herald' says :—It will be seen on refer ence to our advertising columns that " a certain in dividual," whom we have ascertained to be the " Count," presented two horses towards the expense of replacing thebells at St. Maryk Roman Catholic Cathedral, and also subscribed £25 towards the Cathedral building. The finance committee, under the circumstances, have decided not to accept of the "Count's" liberality at other people's expense, but simply hold it in trust for the benefit of those who may have a claim on him as creditors. The 'Western Examiner' states that as Mr. R. Frost, of Orange, was proceeding to Wellington on Friday week, his horse, frightened by a boy who sud denly jumped on the fence as he was nearing the town, shied and fell with hiin. He was stunned for a time, but afterwards proceeded on his journey—as sisted to draught cattle the following day—rode to Copper Hill and arrived at home on Monday, so much exhausted that medical aid had to bo summoned, when it was discovered he had fractured two of his ribs. The 'Queanbeyah Age' saysThe benefits of the Southern Railway .extension were participated in dur ing the past week By Mr. Robert Sindel and his eldest son. At 8 o'clock on Thursday morning, Mr. Sindel, accompanied by his son, left Queanbeyan i.i his own conveyance for Goulburn, thence by Cobb and Co.'s coach to Marulan, and thence to Sydney the same evening by the mail train, completing the journey from Queanbeyan to Sydney in twenty-tlireo hours. The return journey was accomplished in about twenty-three hours and a half, the travellers being only four days absent, two of which were spent in.] Sydney. The ' Albury Banner' says:—On Tuesday last a daring escape from the Albury gaol was made by two pri soners, named respectively John Everitt and Thomas Chapman, but as the attempt was made In broad day light, about half-past 3 o'clock, the men had a very poor chance of getting clear of pursuit. In fact they were almost immediately cajJtured by two gentlemen who were passing at the time, Mr. North andMT. J..| Wyse. The men, who had been cutting wood, made a sudden rush to and jumped the garden walk Mr. Lacy, of Gocup, near Gundagai, died lately, apparently from the effects of strychnine, but by whom administered does not appear. . Dnnedin advices report that the Lapwing had sailed for Fiji with passengers and a printing press. New discoveries of silver in South Australia are reported. The 'Mercuiy' mentions that a cow lately w ent into Mr. Tuck's hotel, in "West Maitlaud: next she went into Mr. Tierney's shop, among broadcloths; and then entered Messrs. Norman and Broomfield's furni ture warehouse, and was with difficulty got out from among the chairs, sofas, and tables. Her last ex ploit was a visit to Messrs. Lee and Co.'s drapeiy establishment. The ' Bunyip,' of South Australia, says :—An indi vidual at "VVilliamstown, bearing the outward semb lance of a man, but having evidently a large propor tion of the hog in his composition, recently undertook to eat two juvenile relations in the shape of sucking pigs, for a wager of £L The little grunters weighed before being cooked ten and a half pounds, and the old hog demolished them in an hour and twenty minutes, being ten minutes within the stipulated time, fairly cleaning the bones. As they were fat and father rich, our hero found it necessary to take a great deal of vinegar towards the close of his meal, and, we are informed, used a bottle full As for other fluid, we understand he drank only a single nobbier of brandy. He soon after was seized with pain, and he continued ill for some hours. We are informed that he offered, after having succeeded so , admirably with Ms gastronomic feat, to devour a : whole kangaroo dog for a wager of £5. 