DURIED ALIVE AND SHOT AS A GilOST. THEn Oleveland P.'nindealer tells tho follow. ing strange incidonts as ]avning odurrcd in Southeorn Ohto: An old gentlomana, inmed I)elosWiians, beeame frantrally angry :with his soia be. cause hl had lost a lorgo sum of hig fntbor's money on a bet. Ilis fronzild.feelings soon got the better:of him, and he folled Iris son to tlihe floor with in blow froin hii fist; and immediately thereafter fell down in a seonse. less oonditron, Great excitement in the fahiily oensued;,Tlae' iothler rin scraonming for a'sbislineo, shibi: iiai soon forthcoming in theo persobes of 'boiveoraldf the neighbours. :Mr. Winitans; wis found in an apparently lifeless condition, with hlood':flowiogfrom his.nose and:mouth, A subsequent exami. nation by a physioiasw led to the annouco. moentby him that. Mr, Winns had died from the burting ofea blood vesseol. So evidently had the vital epark fled.that vo eflobrt at resilsitation was made,, and thlp remains wvere prepared for burial as, proimptly sispoasiblo, Tile funeril of the deceased ttok place on tliu followingWed. nesday. Mr. ?inans' body .had onli bhuon aolluned the previous day, up to whioh thlno it had ]ain drapenoil in a shroud in the palour. Notwitlstanidig the wonderfal lift.look of the skin,.and the colour of tho'itie ee, it ocenrroder to no one to suggest.a pdolstpon. ment until death was nbsolntely eartaj!t. The funeral W ain rly ltteonded end ovby body roeniarkeod'theo lilo.like apparance of the dicdased, The remains word temiporat. rily nlaced iioqne of the Valhs of thi semne tory, oaving to thie fact that sh'brisk 'inb aommenoed for their recapptidn, hlad iobt boon comnpleted., At ten o',look on Tlhirs day nigh?t:tho village wasn throrvn aihti'sgla exictembnt by tihe report that aghbo'fid beenr-soon in the eaomoa?tean sahirt'tim h bs. fore, snd that the bid ladY 'whl flrst sair it was frightened. into :a fit. frbm" wlich it was doubtfil .vlwhbthor she wrthd ..reavois. Thinkilng that probably tire gliit L . was 'persoanted by somo saoundierol, vWho had iplayd thie tricrk soveral timbes before, a rnumuor of personai armed thomselXes' with shot.guns, and proooeded to'thol.comotrory, and commenacud a cautious insjaetiou thlieir hearts thanmping in thlbir bosomas in their earrumed bravado. .They lhad not long to wait, for'thero, flittilg aniong the tombs, was a white. objeet pIrrfhly to bI so . ith tr blin. il Iarlir.lardr tIapy rriised their gnan aand fired, walen--raf;fign n ftiact for a ghost--te w ty rswhe ahiti drraatrloi fall botween a orulale of graves. .l)iching ip courage they rriutiously 'aprroachedl tie oje arlid turned a lantern "uponr it. Tirei' feOlirngs an better be imagined thriar doescribed when tlcy fonird tIllht thIe ghorst was tile lately dcceasoed .Mr. Wiranr., Wlilo a portion of the party' ":iirled .up tIhe Ibloding and sernsolas boly of.til old gentlemien, anrd started lo wardIarrd ith iit, thie remaindler l hasrtened to the varl Theore thie' found Mr. Wiilanse coilia I'. hen open, and hIying urpon tie floor, and tile oollin of a deceaonsed liady, that hird been pliaced on it, likowriso, tlarorwn ilorwn front thieshclf, 'riad standing on rend, airo ipartly brolidn open, displayingl iffghiostly julm' Ths vault door, whelh was rathrer a rwe afliir, had., been forced opoen bly thd resrt. reoeed maran. Tlro par'ty then ?cartto ll1. Wianlu's hIouse, andl laerO t.ley liarudl turt tiart his wotinds wire not neruiouRs,. tatd that. Ie hand reovlered hisisonsrer. 1Io laul Iclr, atarrierd tuo ihe lllnuatoi'ry ia at tirrn.lll,. Early on Thtl'Ir daly i vii r itra . ruiasirioinna rcnn tliishi d ulon his mind urial he ind ruurn cn? iliriel aliver. lthis runt ihlilitirlra st ringth tI hin srrugghie, tar I1t a'r and I, tihllrly isuIIe etCI il i U lutrrotilar , op ,la ti oilllr c 'r.l". irTnie, rait Un mllen ,liht tthe , iniirtriyn 5 nrsreia.~qruar, ,iltisi rn.rAusu i~ l a . arcs 