PERSECUTION : ITS BENEFITS AND ? TREATMENT. : ???? ? OaSu'uday evening November 30th, the Rev. Father Cobb, of St. .Wilfrids, Preston, delivered ailecbura'to' a: very large congregation on tne subject of -persecution. He said that in. these times, when their Holy Father the Pope and the Catholic. Church were assailed, in various ways by persecution, he had deemed it would be for-t'heir instruction and advantage to address them on the subject of the value of these per secutions and the -means of deriving spiritual benefit , and- profit' from them. When their ; Saviour :sent his :Aposbles. to preach the Gospel .throughout the world He told them plainly that He &ent; them like lambs in the midst of iravening; wolves— that the world would hate and persecute them — that the time would come '?wheivuaen-would-think they were tendering God service when' they exterminated them ; and He told them ' that they mast expect to be calumniated, and that they must exult and .rejmee when men should say - all kinds of ,:evil:;of them, lying,:' .'for' -his sake, for :th-?ir reward was exceeding -great. ' There never was perhaps a more exti aordinary commission : delivered in more straitforward'and simple terms than this. And they knew- those words were literally verified; sfo'r oniy'one of the disciples, that ithey line \v i of ? 'died' a - natural death . Th e spirit; in. which .Chris't-sent forth his disciples wasnot thabbf-:resistance' iti his own person. What1 He required -of his disciples and his ser vants- now was intense love for himself, for all that He condescended to endure for the salvation ; of itheir souls ; He wished them to keep their eyes fixed upon his sufferings aiid bitter death upon the cross, and his love for them, and in the same spirit oE love, in the strength of his grace and of the Holy Ghost to endure patiently and .in silence all the outrages and false accusations, and .ignominy that might be heaped upon them. Let this be impressed very strongly upon their minds. In.,, the first place persecution was the best test of a lively faith, of unflinching confidence in Almighty God, and in the love ot Him. And hence it was there was nothing .which purified the Church of God like a 3harp and severe persecution ; it operated upon tho Church like a fan used with regard to grain ; it' separated the chaff from the grain ; and so, .A\yhen?it coines( all mere outside Catholics— Ca- tholics who were so' in their outward practice -aupV;iu;-naine,-.rbu.t naturally, and as sinners, were corrupt at heart, had no power to stand against persecution: , When, however, a Catholic was ? sound at heart, he had the grace of Almighty God to show forth the grace which was in him, and by the grace of the Holy: Sacrament he ay quired that supernatural power which made him rise superior to every effort of huinau hatred an d malice. And thus it was that persecution actecj in a wonderful manner upon that part of thq Church of God which was eound and good. Tha Church never showed herself in such a glorious manner as in the times of the deadliest persecu« tion. The greatest happiness which' could befall any man was to be assailed.' by the worst perse« cutiori, and, strong in the grace of God, to stand firm in it, and lay down his life in torments foe the sake of Him who gave it. It was then that the human soul stood in the sight of GJod like an lieroic soldier ot his Son Jesus Christ-^he had! gained a glorious crown, and his'triumph would endure for ever. It was thus 'that:,ue' (Father Cobb), and others, knew that in these times when their Holy Father the Pope was assailed with every kind of calumny— when the most un just and outrageous efforts'were made to rob him of properties which were more clearly, honestly, and justly his than those claimed by other men upon earth— when the holy Church, of the Al mighty God was opposed by violence,; calumnies, and most extraordinary and extravagant false, hoods— that the grace of God, drawn down by the patient endurance, the silence, tlie calmness, and charity of good Catholics was at work within the bosom of the Church ; and there were afc this time found some, as great and' noble sons as perhaps ever glorified the Churclr.of God ; and the Holy Ghost was strong upon; them, and the fervour of their prayers was such %]ciuM lika incense they ascended to Heaven,' not'-to draw down vengeance from God, but those miraculous graces which were necessary to'carry light into, minds so dark and blind as were those of the enemies of the Church, and who were ranged against it as with the power of darkness. In this country men might laugh, sneer at, and treat all this with contempt, but upon evidence such as was irresistible, there were proofs of the mani festation of divine power ecmal to those wit. nessed in the time of the Apostles. Father Cobb urged upon all the duty of acting up to the principles of their religion, and of showing by their endurance, silence, and patience, something of the spirit of the first Christians. Th3y should imitate our Redeemer, even in the case of those -who brought vile and shocking charges-^igainsfc the Church. 'Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do.' These were the pooy ignorant people, because, generally speaking, the class of persecutors referred to drew around them the ignorant, the unthinking, and the worse-minded, and, frequently, the licentious and corrupt ; and those were the persons who de lighted in such filth, and towards such let them be compassionate, and pray to God that He would forgive them, for they knew not what they did. At the same time, it was well to have a simple answer ; and in this jaase, some times a sorb of joke was the best thing. To one who might be talkitfg to them talking about Catholicism in a wrong and not a very serious manner, they might say, 'My dear friend, excuse me, but your breath 8in4ll3 very bad.' There was a calm and yet' severe re proach in those simple words which would tell more than the most violent passion into which they might throw themselves. They might likewise oifer him a rag or a piece of :paper, and say, 'After that, my dear friend, I am sure you must want to wipe your mouth.' If the party was more serious, and they thought they could do good, the answer was very simple — 'my good friend, you have said a great deal but the only impression you have produced upon me is great compassion for your entire ignorance, of the matter you have been talking about ; believe me you know nothing of the Catholic religion, and if you don't wish to be laughed afe and despised, learn something about it before you open your mouth and speak en the subject.' Father Cobb explained- the reason why priests did not accept the ' challenges' to answer the menjwho bring these abominable charges against them. He, then, most earnestly dissuaded his hearers from goiug to listen to any of the anti« Catholic leetures which might be delivered in the district. . He read once in the travels of an Austrian missionary, who went to South Ame rica, how he (the missionary) and his companions having encamped for the night, found, in the neighbour of their tent, a strauge animal which they had never noticed before, and not liking the look of it they went in pursuit of it. The animal had the power of ejecting a mass o£ fetid and disgusting matter upon its pursuers, whether beast or man, and the good missionary and one or two of his companions came in for % very large dose of it, and the stench- pursued them by. night. and by day. Now, having dis covered' the detestable character of this animal, what would they think of the people whoshould without any good reason, trouble themselves about it, and expose themselves to its filthy ejec tions. It would not ba wise to do so, and he therefore argued that it would not be wiseof them as Catholics to go within reach of the effusions of some modern lecturers. 'Afterwards Father Cobb advised those of his hearers, who were ser vants, to summon before the magistrates those who might violently an'd forcibly caus*e them to read or. listen to the reading of any petty pro ductions against- their faith, because' itf was a caso of assault. After some further remarks he concluded. 