UNWHOLESOME FISH. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Silt,-lu auswoi to the loc.il which appears m The Mt.) cm y of this morning, I bog to state that I hive mvaiiihly ittouded tho fish maikot, fiom opening to tho close, since the date of my appointment as Iiidpjctoi to tho pieseut time, end I deny that I have at any tune allow eil the sale of unw hole&ome; fish AV. MASON. Octobor 12th;_ MEMORIAL TO THE LATE BISHOP AND THE LATE VICAR GENERAL -Tho eoimnittee in couuection with tho pioposol inenioiiil to tho lito Bajjit Re> Di Willson, Bishop of Hobait Town, and tho late Veiy Rev Wm Hill, DD, Vicar Generil, locently hold a mooting in St Joseph's Sehool loom, the Veiy R"v Win Dunn, Vicn Gouoial, in the chau The minutes 01 the pio \ ions rousting lm mg boen ícul and confit mad, audseveial subscriptions li uidcil in, the Chan man lequested Mr Remy Huutei to favoi the meeting witU a view of tho intended minnon titi Tlio dosi-jus weio examined by all picseut with cou sidcriblo mteiest, then natuie hawn^ been pieviously explained by Ali Huutoi The larger plan embraced skotehosof the st lined glass to bo placed in the gleit chancel window of St Mary's Cithodial, as a joint moinounl to tbo lvte Bishop and lus A^icai- Geueial A design was ilso exhibited of a uiouumoiitil blass to bo ml ud on a mai bio slab, which will bo placed ovci the tomb of tho lato Aricai Gauei ii in tho ti ius°pfc of the cathedral AVe aie nifoimed th u the ensigns, wliu.li aro in then wxy iiniquo woiks of nit, will be mounted and pliccdforouhibitioit utMcssis AVilch cb ¡sons It lade-ieiviug of notice til it tlioclnof poitiouof the pi oponed inemoi ni window compusss piecisuly tbo Kamo emblems as those suggested soveial jearssiucu by the htj lainoutod Bishop, whose plan foi tho chancel windon of the cuhodial, adopted by himself, is still in oMstonco It may fiutlioi be nieiitionol tb it tho designs of both meillon ils weie, it*hn urgent request of tbo committee, piepirod by Mi Huutoi m October list jeal Itisthoiefoio needless toobiOive that thoy yeio m cveiy lcsneet aitistieally o\ecutod by th it gentleman, who has felt a deep mteiest in tho piogiossing movement to eioct a tributo to tho memories of two ti lily lemaikable men Wo havo had an oppoituuity of iiispeetmg tho colorad designs which wore prepaiodiu BujlaudfiouiMi Iiuutor's diawiugs, aud foiiratded to lum by the last mail AVith loferoneo to tho joint mumonal, the window consists of fiio lights, the coutte one being filled with a representation of tho " Cruoifixiou of Our Saviour." The subjects occupying the side lights aro the " Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin," the " Nativity of Our Lord," tho"Resurrection," and the" Ascension," each surmounted by au elaborately enriched canopy. Tho beautiful traoery of the window hoad is treated symbolically, each trefoil boiug filled by au Angel bearing various emblems of tho .Passion. Tho centro hoars the type of the Holy Ghost. At the bottom of the centre light is a shield on which are tho arms of tho late Bishop Willson. Along the whole lower part of tho window on tho glass", will bo a Latin inscription containing the dedication of tho memorial. The contrasts and combinations of the colors aro chaste and highly efibctivo. Tho window, which is being oxeouted by Messrs. Hardman and Co., Birmingham, will undoubtedly rauk vory high amongst tho many works of art now in tho colonies. The memorial to tho lato Vicar-Gonoral, is also being prepared by the samo firm. This consists of a black marble polished slab, with an inlaid brass figuro of a vested priest, and a rioh border containing suitable inscriptions. Both memorials are to bo ready for shipment by the end of the year. Their cost will be about £400, which is being raised by subscription throughout the colony. Tho Catholics have been most generously aided by many of the numerous friends and admirers of all dcnominatians,of tho late doservedly esteemed Prela'.o and Vicar General. ' MB. SIMMONS AT HOME.-By advertisement in another column it will bo socn that Mr. Simmons gives his entertainmont at the Mechanics' Insti- tuto on Thursday uoxt, instead of Weduesday as previously announced. The eutertaiument is to be repeated on Friday and Saturday. LOST ON THE MOUNTAIN.-On Friday afternoon last a young man, aged between 20 and 30yéars, attired in corduroy trowsors, drab coat, and black illy cock hat, prosontcd himself at Mr. Wood's hut at the Spriugs, nud stated that ho was on his way up the mountaiu. Seeing tho lateness of tho hour, Mr. Woods eudoavoured to induce him to wait till morning, but his advice was not ?received, and tho man proceeded on his way. Up to noou yesterday ho had not boen heard of. COACH ACCIDENT.-On Saturday morning as Mr. Burton's Richmond couvoyance was on its ? way to town, and when about three or four miles from Risdon Ferry on Grass Tree Hill, tho horses | bolted, and capsizod tho conveyauce, throwing the passengers, a Mrs. Fennell aud her child, out agaiust nu embankment. Mr. Burton was driv- ing at the time, and sustained somo sevoro outs, but the passongors fortunately escaped uninjured. Tho pole und splinter bar wero brokon and the top of the vehicle was smashed in. Mr. Burton procured a chaise cart from a résidant in tho neighborhood of the spot where the accident happened, und in this he brought his passengers to town. REGATTA COMMITTEE.-The general committee of the Hobart Town Rogatta^ mrefc this ovouiug at 7'30 o'olook, at tire Bird-iu-ffaud Hotol, Argyle-stroet. Tho business will ba the appoint- ment of an Exeoutive Committeo, and the arrangement of tl>e programme, WELLINGTON CRICKET CLUB.-A special gone- | ral meotingof members, called by advertisement, was hold yesterday aftornoou. There was a moderato attendance, Mr. George Davies being iu the chair. Tho rules of the club, as revised 1 by a sub-committee, wcro submitted, and after | careful consideration, adopted and ordered to bo printed. Mr. Thomas Sheehy tendered his re- signation as 8ecrotary, being unable to perform the duties sines undertaking those connected with the bon. secretaryship of thu Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association. Mr. W. Birch was, there- fore, unanimously appointed bou. Secretary. Mr. Sheehy haviug been elected a member of com- mittee, aud a vote of thanks haviug been accorded to tho chairman, and suitably acknowledged, the meeting adjourned. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.-The quarterly meet- ing of the general committee of this society will be held this evening at the depot, Bathurst street. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-The lion. J. M. Wilson, M.L C Mayor of Hobart Town, has just coutributed to tho funds of the Institute the handsome donation of £10. BRIGHTON MUNICIPAL ELECTION.-The nom- ination of a councillor for the Rural Municipality of Brighton to serve in the room of the latu R. T. Allwright, Esq., is to take placo to-day, nominations being received until noon. In the event of more than onecaudidato beingnomiuated a poll will be takou on Tuesday 20th inst. THE OYSTER FISHERIES.-In accordance with tho provisions of the 13th section of the Act 32 Vic, No. 10, the Colonial Secretary announces that the season during which oystors may be fished and sold from the public oyster fisheries hencefoith shall be from tho 1st March to the 31st day of October in each year, both days inclusivo. SALE OP FANCY WORK.-Wo aro requested to state that a sale of needle and fancy work, for the bouofit of tho cathedral fund; will bo hold on Wednesday (to- morrow), between the hours of 12 and 0, at Bishop's Court, Fitzroy Place. LEITERS posted yesterday insufficiently stamp- ed : - Mr. Brady, Shipwrights' Point ; C Coverdale, Esq., Anglewood, Richmond. LAUNCESTON AND DELORAINE RAILWAY.— From Messrs. Overend and Robb, the contractors for this work, we are in receipt of gratifying information relative to the progress made since the commencement of operations on the 20th of August. Earthworks are in course of construc- tion over a distance of six miles, extending from a point four miles from Launceston to another about ten miles distant. Four brickyards for the supply of all descriptions of bricks required in the construction of bridges, culverts, &c.;, have been commenced : one at the Sandhill, one at Jiugler's Valley, one at Perth, and another at Longford. In these four yards nine pug mills are at work, and 27 moulders are em- ployed. Of the posts and rails a considerable number have already been delivered, but a large proportion is still lying split in the bush, ready for carting as soon as the weather is more settled. The greatest portion of the timber required in the building of the bridges is ready for delivery, and has also been delayed in the bush on account of the wet season About 500 men are now employed on the works, and as plant is ready to extend the works further as soon as the weather permits, we may soon expect to hear of acces- sions being made to the staff of employees.— Launceston Times. Mu GLEADOW -Our readers will be g1 o d to heal that, irom lato infoi matiou, wo aio enabled to lepoit that although this "entlemau's cou ditiou is still such as to cause gre it anxiety to his fuends aud medical adviseiH, tbo symptoms, for soiiiu time pist, have beoii more favorable, and consciousneas is now much gieiter -Ibid TINOIL GOJD TIT Do-Our conespondent wi ites uudei d ita Oetobor 7th -" Seven men at woik at tho Black Boy obtained 3oz 2dwts foi the weok Si\ mon woio piospecting and finding gold to pay w i0es, with a prospect of dom., well dilling the summer months"-Ibid VICIOKIVV MAwrACTURLS-The following is tbo extiact referred to in tbo ai tide on the condition and pist lustoiy of Geelong in another column -"MiAValtei Hitchcock, wiitmg fiom Loudon to tho Geelong [deo lue), in lefurence to tho woollen factory says -' The English piess voiy geueially has noticed with commendable candci and sitisf iction the esttbhshmont of this woollen mill I have, as you may suppose, many conversations with manufactuiers who in some cases are a little jealous of this first ettort in Victona to supply m this ago of shams and shoddy a good aiticlc The finoi qualities of fliuinols, nud also good blankets, can un doubtodly bo mado of youi wools, and if your climate is f womble to the growth of coatsci and longer staple wools, tlioio appetis no îoason why with a modciate rate of wages mling m tho colony wo should not bo ablo to carry on success fully othoi bunches of woollen mauufictuio I enclose J ou one of many o\ti acts on the subject fiom tho ManUicstci Examina People in Eng land-who on"ht to know-do not seo tho diffi cultios the A)gus conjures up to tho "radtial and successful development of colouul iulu3tnes, cspociillj where tho law matcnal is gronu m the colony ' Extract -" Thero aro fifty nows ptpois, bl¿ and little, published m the colony of Victom, tv Inch havo lutheito been dependout on impottel pipei for their ponodicil app^artneo But uow thoro is actually a pipsi mill at woik near Melbourne, minufactiuiug what htitionors cill an aiticlo \cij suitable foi newopipcis Befoio many yeal s ai o ovoi, otu pipei mal eis will find the Austiahans compot ing with thom in ill the markets whoro papoi is bought aud sold Another uotonoithy fact is tho opauing of a woolton factoiy at Geo long, and a Iii st salo of its woollen goods foi moio thin £3090 The inhabitants of the tonn neie so elated at this success that ninety of them ordeied each a suit of the native cloth And so tho maich of civilisition j,oes on, and 'factoiy bauds aie to incienso and multiply in Austrilu until Geelong shall become tho Leeds of tho sonth " ADVICE TO B ITHERS -The committeo of tho Royal Humane Society have issued tho following rules for tho guidanco of bathois They weie fiainod by Di Chustiau aud Di Sievckiug These rules, which aro sensiblo and pt actual, s ij s the Lancet, cannot be too extensively known -A void bath mg within two hours after a moal Avoid bathing when evhausted by fatigue or fiom any other ciusc Avoid bathing when the body is cooling after perspnation , but bathe when tho bo ly is warm, provided no ti mo is lost in getting into the w itoi Avoid chilling tim body by sitting or standing uaked on the b inks 01 in boats aftei having boon in the watoi Leave tho watoi immediately thora is the slight est feeling of chilliness Avoid bathing altogether in tho open au if, after having been u shoit time in the witer, thoie is a sense of chilliness with numbness of tho hinds and foot Tho vigoróos and stioug may bathe early in the morning on au empty stomach Tho young, and tlioso that are weak, had bettoi bathe tinco houis aftai a meal HIL best time fur suoh is fiom two to til roo horns aftei bieakfast lho.se who ato subject to atticks of giddiness ind faint ness, and tlioso who sufici fiom palpitatun aud othei sonso of discomfoit at tho heart, should not batho without first consulting their medical advisei OMONS AS A DISINFECT VNT- According to tho observations of au Amone vii w11 tot (J B Wolff) in the Scientific Arno lean, the omou is a disinfectant Ho states that lu the spnug of 1849 he was in chairo of 100 mon on shipboaul, with cholera raging amoug them They had onions, which a number of the mon ato freely, aud those who did so, weie soon attacked and nouly all died As soon as this discovery was mado, their uso was foibidden After mature reflection, Mr Wolff caine to the conclusion that onions should never be eaton dui ing the pievalonce of epidemics, for tho leasou that thoy absoib tho virus and ( commumcato the disea?o,and that tho piopor uso for them is sliced and placed m the sick room, and leplacod with fiosh'ones oveiy fow hours le is a well estiblishod fact, ho observes, attested by his own peisonal knowledge, that onions will oxtiact the poison of snakes Somo kinds of mud will do the same After maintain in« tho foi'ogoiug opiniou for eighteen years, ho remarked :-"I havo found tho followiug well \- attested : Onions placod in tho room whore thorn is small-pox will blister anil decompose with great rapidity ; not only so, but will prevent tho , spread of tho dison.se. I think as a disinfectant tbey havo no equal, when proporly usod ; but koep them out of the stomach." Wo kuow.from experience that cottagors not uufrequontly koop tho savoury and fragrant bulbs under thoir beds ; but whether with a view of purifying tho atmos phoro wo aro not able to say. 