MAIL FOR LEVELS AND MEROOL. (To the Editor of the W. W. Advertiser.) Sir,—Some time since you reported that a memorial was in course of signature to the proper authorities, praying that a Branch Mail line might be established to meet the urgent requirements of the residents on the Levels and Merool country. You suggested that the proper starting point was Cooramundra via Dacy's, O'Brien's, and on down the Merool to the terminus. I am informed, that within the last few days a memorial has been drawn up under the direction of two gentlemen, making the starting point Wagga Wagga via Junee, and Coman's. This route, no doubt will satisfy the requirements of these two par- ticular gentlemen, but there happen to be many others who need a mail as much as they do—and who are quite as able to advocate their just claims as they are. It will be necessary only to show the absurdity of their proposition, in order to have it set aside. Why run a mail from Wagga Wagga to " The Rocks," a distance of sixty miles parrellel the whole way, with the tri-weekly mail which runs to Cooramundra ? Who will be benefited by a mail running that line ? The line starting from Cooramundra, is by far the shortest, and can be run in one half the time, and is the one specially desirable as it supplies the wants of those very persons who at present are most inconvenienced. By the line from Wagga Wagga (which is traversed three times a week by the regular mail), not one individual it benefited. By the line starting from Cooramundra—a far less distance to travel than the other—postal communication would be brought to the doors of Mr. Harret, Mr. Dacy, Mr. W. O'Brien, Mr. M. Comans, Mr. Pr Comans, and within an hours' ride, Messrs. Allen and Elliott, Mr. Hume, Mr. Kennedy and many others. To be brief—I tell those two gentlemen, that the interests of the many will not be suffered to be sacrificed—not to their conve- nience, but to their whim, and that unless they alter their memorial so as to meet the requirements of others, quite as considerable as themselves, their project will be opposed and with effect. Yours obediently, JUSTICE. THE LATEST ABOUT COUNT VON ATTEMS.— A friend who had an interview with a passen- ger from Cape York, has communicated the following to the Gladstone Observer :- The Hamlet's Ghost with the spurious Count on board, put into Somerset (Cape York), on or about the 15th of August. On being boarded by the police boat, he made inquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and on being answered in the affimative became agitated and eagerly inquired about her move ments, but appeared relieved when told that the vessel was H. M. S. Virago, and that she had left the settlement in January. He re- mained eight days, and during the whole time kept a bright look out for vessels in the offing. The captain and crew were dischar- ged in consequence of a row between the " Count " and the captain, in which revol- vers were drawn. The crew refused to put the captain in irons. It appears that the Count had kept them in awe by threatening to give them twenty-five lashes a-piece when he fell in with the Austrian frigate he was always expecting. The Acting Police Magis- trate induced the crew to re-ship under a fresh agreement, all but the captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port the Count was always dressed in the uniform of an Austrian captain of cavalry, and wore a sword when on shore. He made a great display of the money he had with him, and purposely left bills of exchange lying about his cabin for visitors to see, many of which were filled in for large amounts, and only wanted his signature. He succeeded in imposing upon the authorities, taking supplies for his vessel and paying for them in bills, which the owners will doubt- less discover are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Among those who were swindled are two naturalists, one named Thorpe. The Count bought stuffed birds, &c.;, from them, to the amount of about £30, but some slight compunction must have touched him, for, contrary to custom, he paid them half cash and half by a bill. He sailed for Batavia on the eighth day, leaving letters for the captain of the Austrian frigate and his bankers in Sydney ! The frigate was ordered to follow him on to Timor. The captain he has with him is one Austin, late master of the brig Reliance, which was wrecked on the Solomon Group. He was picked up and brought into Bowen, whence he shipped as mate on board the Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after she left Somerset, the schooner Captain Cook arrived from Bowen, with a warrant for the arrest of the Count. SPEEDY LAW.—On Monday last (says the Bathumt Times), Mr. Haslam, of Peel, obtained a verdict against Mr. Chandler in the District Court. The plaintiff asked for speedy execution, which was granted ; a warrant was issued, and levy was immediately made upon the defendant's horse, saddle, and bridle. The verdict, execution, and levy all transpired within ten minutes. A YOUNG girl, named Mary Anne Curtain, aged sixteen or seventeen years, a servant to a farmer at Smeaton Plains, attempted to cut her throat with a knife, on Tuesday last. It appeared that a fellow-servant, named Patrick Donnovan, had assaulted her criminally, under circumstances which pre- vented her giving an alarm, and that shame led her to attempt self-murder. The follow is in custody, and the girl is at Clunes, under medical care.—Argus. 