FUNERAL OF THE LATE ARCHDEACON HUNTER. Yesterday the remains of the late lamented Archdeacon Hunter were interred in the Catholic Cemetery with all the solemn ceremonies of the church. At 8 o'clock the service appropriate to the occasion was commenced in St. Joseph's Church where the body lay. The church was draped with black cloth, and there was a very numerous congregation, nearly all dressed in mourning. The clergy in attendance were the Rev. C. Woods of (St. Joseph's) ; Rev. E. C. Marum, Jerusalem ; Rev. M. Keohan, Oatlands ; Rev. J. Murphy, Franklin ; Rev. J. McKernan, Port Cygnet ; Rev. M. J. Beechinor, Campbell Town ; Rev. P Hennebry (St.Josepli's),Rev. J. Butler (Cathedral), Rev. Joseph Sheehy Cathedral At 8 o'clock the office for the dead was commenced, and chanted by the clergy, lasting about an hour. After the office a solemn high mass was performed, the Most Reverend Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, being celebrant, the Very Reverend W. J. Dunne, Vicar-General, assistant priest,' the Revs. D. F. Beechinor and P. Hennebrey,'deacons, and the Rev. C. Woods, master of ceremonies. The choir was conducted by the Rev. Joseph Sheehy, and assisted by Messrs. Linley Norman and H. J. Melvyn. Mr. F. A. Packer presided at the organ, and while the Bishop was vesting, played "I know that my Redeemer liveth." The Gregorian Mass for the Dead was sung during the ceremony, closing with Spohr's " Blessed are the dead." At the conclusion of the mass the Bishop advanced to the front of the sanctuary, and delivered the panegyric. He said, "It is a holy and a wholesome thought to pray for the dead, that they may be loosed from their sins." It was only yesterday that, in compliance with the ancient usage of the church, they had engaged in the practice of those words which he had just quoted for them, when they assembled in that place in order to commemorate the souls of all the faithful departed. Quite sure he was that many a fervent prayer had been offered by them for the repose of the soul of the late lamented Archdeacon Hunter. They were now specially assembled that day to honor the memory of that good and faithful priest by the solemn offices of religion, and by supplicating God that He in His mercy would wash away any stain of sin that might still remain upon his soul, and admit him into mansions of eternal rest. On an occasion like that they could not help reflecting how mysterious were the ways of God. It had pleased Him in His mercy to take from them one of the best of priests in the flower of his age, and when his great intelligence matured by his experience, rendered his services most useful to religion and to society. Who could estimate the loss which they had sustained 1 He, and they, and all of them had reason to mourn it that day. To the people the departed had been an active and indefatigable minister of the gospel, instruct- ing the ignorant, correcting the vicious, counselling the afflicted, confirming the virtuous. To him (the Bishop) he had been a wise and prudent counsellor and one in whom he had the utmost confidence. To the clergy of the diocese he had been a model priest, exemplary in his conduct, and irreproachable in his life, respectful to his superiors, punctual in the discharge of his sacred duties, and regular in the practice of his own pious devotions. To the poor he had ever been a compassionate and a generous benefactor, and to those outside his own communion he had ever been generous and considerate, because his heart was inspired by the spirit of true charity to all men. To those orphan children, whom he had had in charge so long, he was a kind and considerate father and who could describe the grief they felt when they heard first of the death of their guardian and friend ? Their tears and sobs told how deeply they felt it, and the manner in which they appreciated his services. His interest in the children never flagged, and his exertions on their behalf never ceased, whether they continued inmates of the asylum, or left it to fill situations in other places. He never missed his appointed day to visit and instruct them, and when they left the institution his parental solicitude followed them into the remotest places of the colony. It was to him they had recourse in all their difficulties, in the sure knowledge that they would receive from him all the consolation and assistance his fonder heart could give, and that all he could he would do for them. The Catholic Church had lost in him a great and a good priest, a staunch expositor of her doctrines, and a faithful inculcation of her precepts, one in whom was combined the utmost knowledge and virtue, who had cast a lustre on the ministry that would render his name an object of respect, and veneration for generations to come. Archdeacon Hunter left home at the age of 18 years, and arrived in this country in the 1844, and whilst prosecuting under the direction under the enlightened direction-of the late venerated Bishop Willson, his studies for the church, which had been commenced at home, he employed his leisure in catechising the numerous prisoners who were stationed here, and about Hobart Town at the time he arrived. He was raised to the priesthood in the year 1850, and a few years after he was appointed chaplain of the Queen's Orphan Asylum, and subsequently one of the guardians of that institution. He was also associated with the late lamented Vicar-General, Dr. Hall, in discharging the duties of the Church of St. Joseph's. It was in this school, under such enlightened guidance and with such experienced counsellors, that his mind had been moulded, and that he grew up that model ecclesiastic whom the people so implicitly believed and so fondly respected. For 18 years he had discharged the duties of those several offices, " constantly carrying on his work during the whole of that time. So devoted was he to his labors that he absented himself from his post only once. Incessant labor, combined with those anxieties inseparable from the offices under his care, and especially that connected with his charge over the poor orphan children, at length told upon a frame constitutionally strong and healthy. The only serious illness from which he had ever suffered-as he himself had stated-was that by which he was attacked last May, and which had now terminated fatally. WheTher in Hobart Town or in Melbourne, where he had passed some months during i his illness, all that the" best medical skill and the most affectionate nursing by kind and anxious | friends and relatives could had been done to pro 1 long life so useful to society; butitwasalliiivain. ' His course was run. He had fought the good fight, and kept the faith, and there was now ' reserved for him a crown eternal, which the Lord, a just judge, would render to him on the last day. He need hardly add that the last days of this good priest were like to all those he had over passed, spoilt in the service of God, in j preparation for the inevitable doom which I awaited all. When the final struggle between death and life approached, and when he was I unconscious to all around him, he raised I his eyes and exclaimed, "Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost." These were his last words, and they were suggestive of what was passing within, showing that his soul was at that important moment in intimate communion with the I Father, and assured them of his speedy entrance into the kingdom of glory. About a month ago, seeing that his health was improved and that he was apparently recovering, he thought that he would be able to come to St. Joseph's and celebrate mass there on All Saints Day. He died on the eve of that day, and now let them fondly hope that in Heaven he was celebrating his victory over the world, the flesh, and the devil, and that he was now enjoying that ineffable bliss promised to all the faithful. They had all respected and loved the late Archdeacon Hunter during life, and they went to honor his remains that day by their presence, but by far the greatest honor they could confer upon him, would be to follow the noble example of that irreproachable life which he had lived before them, to practice those truths which he had inculcated in them, with a I persuasiveness peculiarly his own. It was thus that they might hope to meet him in that land where sorrow shall be no more and where happiness for over reigns. . ' On the conclusion of the address a procession was formed by the priests and acolytes, and the Bishop pronounced the absolution sprinkling the coffin with holy water, as it lay on the bier. The proceedings then closed and the procession moved from the church, the Dead March in Saul being played by the organist. An immense concourse of spectators assembled in the streets to witness the procession, which was a very imposing one. It was headed by Dr. Coverdale, superintendent, and the Rev. Mr. Hudspeth, the protestant chaplain, of the Queen's Asylum. Then came the children of the Asylum, boys and girls, numbering about 200. Following them were the Roman Catholic children from the Ragged Schools and the children of the various Catholic schools in the city, some wearing white dresses and black crape veils and others white dresses MR Whyte wife, evils saw children, walked the members of the Young Women's Society connected with St. Joseph's Church who were also clad in white. Following these came the cross-bearer and acolytes bearing lighted torches, than four priests in their robes. The Bishop and his chaplain, the Rev. D. F. Beechinor, followed in a carriage, and then came the body borne shoulder high. The pall-bearers were the Very Rev. W. J. Dunne, Vicar-General, and the Revds. Messrs. Woods, Keoghan, Marum, Hennobrey and Murphy. The deceased's brother H. Hunter, Esq., with other relatives were the chief mourners. The cortege was followed by between two and three hundred mourners, including several high officials, and many of the principal citizens. It passed along Harrington street, Bathurst-street, and Barrack- street to the Roman Catholic cemetery, followed by many hundreds of persons. The grave was a bricked vault, and here the last solemn u services for the dead were performed by the Most Revd. the Bishop assisted by Fathers Sheehy and Marum. These concluded, the vault was closed and the vast assemblage slowly dispersed. 