FEMINO-TACTICAL SOCIETY. MEETING of ladies in society was held last evening for the purpose of considering and adopting a code of feminine etiquette. The attendance was very select. Miss FLIRTER took the chair. Miss O'MAN, M.D. (my dear), laid before society a number of rules prepared by a subcommittee. She wasn't afraid to declare publicly that it was the clubs they had all met to consider. Clubs were increasing to such an extent that she feared they would soon have no men among them at all Every one was combining, and she didn't see why the ladies shouldn't. For her own part she liked union. (Hear, hear.) The doctors were combining, the schoolmasters were combining, and the agriculturists were combining. As for the doctors, there were some she wouldn't mind combining with herself (laughter); but as for grievances, wouldn't they have enough people to kill if they all lived to be as old as METHUSELAH ? Then for schoolmasters, couldn't they relieve their overcharged feelings at any moment by whipping the children ? And the agriculturists talked about the interests of husbandry. What did they know, or care, or feel about husbandry, compared with the ladies, who made it the one special business and pursuit of their lives 1 Let them be unanimous against the clubs, and the clubs muBt give way. Miss PRETTYFAGE seconded the adoption of the rules. She had read a good deal lately about the " tender " system, but she couldn't say she disapproved of it. Clubs she,hated, as she liked a handful of hearts. But tender things were her forte. She was prepared herself for any number of tenders out of any number of clubs, but they must be of hearts and hands. Could any good thing come out of a club ? Could a tender ? She doubted it, and Bhe would exceedingly like to have her doubts removed by a bom fide offer from a club man, She had thought herself of proposing a ladies' club, but on reflection saw it would only be making things worse. A united ladies and gentlemen's club was another thing. Thai would be nice. (Hear, h G The chairlady then put the following rules, which were carried unanimously. . , „ ,, , „ ,. 1\. No lady shall recognise the right of any other, legally disqualified by marriage, to hold possession of any eligible man in any place or society. Married ladies may, however, flirt to their hearts' content with married men; in fact, they are recommended to do so, as thus useless people will be got out of the road. 2 No one under seventeen or over forty years of age shall be considered eligible for matrimony. The first should be discountenanced as " chits," the second as " old things." 3\. No lady shall by advertisement, circular, or placard solicit husbandsj^ ^^ derive pecuniary advantage from selling any old admirer when taking up with a new one. 6 When two ladies have agreed to go shares m an attack on a gentleman, and one is able to cut in before the other, owing to greater activity, then she may accept him if he can be induced to propose. 8 When a lady is looking after a friend's interests, and finds Bhe has'a chance of cutting her out, she shall, as far as is consistent with her own chance of success, avoid the use of scandal. 9 When a lady is invited to visit a family where there is an engaged gentleman, she may do her best to get him for herself, if she has no acquaintance with the lady; but if impracticable, she had better not let it appear what she was about. 10 When a lady is called on to act as emergency woman (bridesmaid), it shall be incumbent on the bride to endeavour to secure the " best man" for her. . . . , • .. j 11 No lady should have any pecuniary interest m the dress she wears. Let her wear what best becomes her, and hang the expense. With regard to Eule 2, Miss FLIRTER thought it rather arbitrary. No doubt it was very absurd for any one over forty to continue to have notions, but nobody knew how the rule migM affect themselves hereafter. Let " chits" be excluded by all means ; but with a view to eventualities, she thought it would have been wiser if a chance had been left open for the aged. Miss MAMBBAUX was surprised to hear such observations pass from the chairlady. They all knew, they had all experience, of the desperate efforts that ladies of a certain age would make as long as a ghost of a chance remained open to them; and she put it to them, was it not proper and fair to themselves, who were all young and beautiful—(hear, hear)—that those ladies should be put out ol society who followed the reckless line of conduct necessary to a woman of forty." • ,. , Miss BIGBELLE considered the more old maids were noticedtiie more they became exalted. If they were allowed to follow their own courses, they would soon die out. For her part, she wouldn't be bothered with the attentions of any man who could look at an old maid. Miss KATHLEEN MAVOURNEEN would like tojknow whether it was proposed to include widows in the prohibition ? She hoped none of them would live to be old maids, but many would no doubt be widows; and as they were legislating for themselves, Bhe would recommend an exception in their favour. The amendment was at once agreed to. It was then resolved " That the Femino-Tactical Society be considered in existence; that its fundamental principle shall be opposition to the clubs; that the tender system for hearts and hands be allowed as long as one bachelor remains a club-man; and that the rules adopted be the rules of society." 