ITEMS ' OF NEWS. It is now no longer a secret that the Govern ment Chinese Interpreter here is under the sus picion of a grave offence. With a view to thoroughly sift the matter before laying a formal cliargo against him, the Government, as we think wisely, resolved to make further inquiry; but it is unfortunate that in a matter of such importance the etiquette of office caused perhaps a fntal error to be made, in tho selection of thoso appointed to make tho inquiry. Tho gentlemen chosen are Lieutenant-Colonel Bull, Mr Superintendent Winch, and the Rev Mr Young, chief interpreter. To (he latter two there is no objection, 'but tlio former does not possess tho confidence of the rUiinomnn in flip district. Tt nnnears that a letter was sent to Colonel Bull from the Crown Law Offices, telling him of the plan of action. Of course it was intended that the inquiry should bo as private as possible. If it resulted in finding that there was sufficient for further action on re port the action would be taken, to give Ah Coy a chance of explaining, but if not, there would bo an end to tho matter. Colonel Bull has committed the mistake of not acting according to Ins instruc tions, which were not to communicate with Ah Coy without first advising with Mr Winch and Mr Young, and thus the warning is given which tlie Government, from the peculiarity of the case and tho Chinese chnracter, purposely withheld. Colonel Bull ought to have avoided the indiscre tion, but the Government have the remedy in their own hand. It is observable that some of tho magistrates come on the Bench, sit a few minutes, and then leave. The result of this, we presume, is that their names appear for an nmount of work which is in reality' nil. This plan of obtnining merit is reprehensible, and increases tho labour of thoso who more honourably discharge their duties. This day, at the Mechanics' Institute, the Grand Annual District Committee of the Castlc- maine District, M.U.I.O.O.F., holds-its meeting of delegates from all lodges, when the work for the year will he reviewed, and in addition to other important business, district officers for the ensuing year will he elected, and deputies to the "Annual Moveable Committee" of the Order will be chosen. Mr John Tate, of Maldon, is the out-going Provincial Grand Master; Mr John Mackenzie, of Castlemaine, Provincial Deputy Grand Master ; and Mr Francis Emery, Provin cial Corresponding Secretary. It is anticipated that by application to business, it may be got through in one day.- The prizes for the wines exhibited at the late show were awarded yesterday at Slattery's Su preme Court Hotel." There were five exhibitors. Mr Meredith was awarded the first prize for white wines, also for white wines.. Mr Hirsclii 2nd prize for white Wine. Mr Otto Jung 3rd prize for white wine, Mr Meredith 2nd prize for red wine, Mr Jung 3rd prize for red wine. Tho judges noted the following remarks : That the White wines, with one or two exceptions, were nbt- fit to be exhibited, which in some degree was attributable to the temperature. The red wines also with one or two exceptions were unfit for competition. The judges hoped that in future the Aviues would be kept in a cooler room, so .that a better -judgment may be arrived at. They also further remarked that Mr Hirsclii's wines were fine samples. \- On Saturday next, the Castlemaine District Press1 Cricket Club play their opening match, this season, on the Maldon Oval, against the Maldon Club. ; The list of names in the latter Eleven include some of the best up-country players, and the Press will require to be " particularly care- fuli"=bqtli. in. the field and at .the wicket, or they will' leave tlie'.ball- behind lliem. The Press Eleven comprise several good players, hut one or two of their best men, through indisposition, having.been unable to attend practice, it is doubt ful whether they will make the stand tliey 'have done hitherto. However, we have no doubt the Press » will: do ' their best. , i The two Elevens will be chosen from the following: — Press — Messrs Howliston, Matthews, Nicholls, Sayers, Back house, JHuhter, "Pcttit,, : Drj-sdale, .Patterson, Taylor, "Williamson, Richards, Tasker," Guest ; ssorer, G. H. Yandell. . Maldon- — Messrs Dow,, ICedge, Webster, Nixon,'. Cleaver, /Blenheim, Cousins, Deardon, TresiS well,. Garot, H.Pettitt, Seedsman, Powell, Carney, Elliot. Wickets will be' pitched at IX a.ih. ' ' On Monday morning tlie. body of a dead man was found in the .Loddon, at- the back of Cos- grave's Hotel; Eddington. Tlie body was that of a man six feet two inches in height, respect ably 'dressed'/ (with a'hat: firmly clenched in the right hand. "There was nothing in the pockets ' of the clothes to. lead to identification and none i of the inhabitants ' of the locality remembered ever, to he ve seen the deceased before. As wo see by the Melbourne papers that ex-Constable Madden is still missing, and was supposed to be on his way to Diinolly, it may be that the un- ' fortunate .drowned person and Madden are the : samel' ' The Age says , — " If there be a single in dividual, who has been led astray by the Ignis ; Faluns reports of Ministerial changes, we will set ; liis mind at rest. Mr M'Culloch lias not, never had, and is not likely ever to have the slighest intention to desert liis post until fairly superseded by an adverse vote on some question of Ministerial policy." Our readers will remember the case of a man of the name of Bray, a seaman on board tho British barque Eaglet, who died on tho voya'go from Englund to Queensland, iu consequence of alleged' ill-treatment by the master and mate of that vessel. The trial of these men took place at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court at Brisbane, before his Honour Mr Justice Lut- wyclie, on the 21st November. "We take tho following, with reference to it from the Brisbane Courier of tlie 23rd ult. : — " The ' Eaglet case,' in which Win . Hughes, late master of the barque Eaglet, and John Henry Gillet, late second mate on hoard tho same vessel, were charged with feloniously killing and slaying James Richard Bray, a Benman, created a great amount of interest from tlie lime it commenced on Mon day last, up to its conclusion on Saturday even ing. On- Saturday especially the court and its approaches were thronged with peoplo. The judge's charge created a groat deal of surprise, so strongly was it in favour of the accused, and left' little doubt bb to the verdict likely to be arrived at.' The verdict was given in the follow ing terms : — 'The jury find tho prisoners Hughes ana Gillett not guilty, seeing your Honour has ruled that the captain was not bound to provide another lodging for Bray, after his being turned ont of the forecastle, but tliey severely censure the captain, officers and crew, for their general ill-treatment of the deceased man Bray.' " The Geelong Advertiser says: — As in other parts of tho world, it is sometimes a very 'difficult matter in Victoria to tell who is rich nnd who is poor. Dress is seldom a criterion to go by — tho greatest exquisites have often not got sufficient coin in tlicir pocket to " rnise a jingle on a tomb stone." An instance of imaginary poverty lias, however, come under our notice, which is per haps worth recording. For some time past a woman living not a hundred miles from Bates- ford, has made it a practice to continually com plain of being in the most abject poverty; having two children to support, her waitings of distress have been listened to nnd believed by her kind hearted neighbours, who sympathising with the unfortunate woman have occasionally relieved her wnnts by donations of tea, sugar, and such like. A few days ago she was colled upon to officiate as nurse to tlio wifo of one of her neighbours, nnd whilst so engaged she beenmo suddenly unwell, and returned home. In a moment of light headedness, she exposed what may bo supposed to bo a long kept secret, by handing to a friend no less ft sum tlinn .£200 nnd some odd shillings, ronking a request that in tlio event of lior ".shuff ling off this mortal coil," tlio money should be devoted towards lier children. Tho monoy was handed ovor by this friend to a worthy disciple of Galou, who, wo believe, intends placing out the sum at interest for tho benefit of the children. This sudden attack of illness litis done somo good, as tho woman, who has sinco recovorod, is per fectly satisfied her money is in good hands, ana that instead of lying useless iu lier domicile, it will be brought into circulation, find benefit man kind in general and tho aforesaid children in particular." A fatal accident occurred on Monday evening at Kildnre, near the Ocean Child Hotel. A little girl, says the Advertiser, named Annie Kells, residing with her parents out jn that direction, was playing with some other children with n ball. The ball fell into a waterhole there, and tlie children left. The deceased, however, went back, and it appears tried to recover the bnll, in so doing falling in herself, for she was found soon after in the hole, quite dead. Tho Sydney Morning Herald of the 27th November says: — "A telegram lias just been received by the Government from the manager of the Melbourne branch of tho Bank of New South Wales, to tho effect that tho loan of £1,000,000 had been placed at an average of £98 3s 4d, and that interest thereon was not to begin until the 1st January next. Three millions and three-quarters are tendered for. The plac ing of this loan on the market is considered a great success, and may be taken as an indication of the confidence of capitalists in the good faith and future prosperity of our colony." One of the largest transactions which has, taken place in our share market, was completed oii Tuesday ' by Messrs William Clarke and Co., of Elizabeth-street, in the sale of 0000 shares in tlie Commercial Bank, says the Herald. The price paid was £e 10s per share, and the aggregate sum therefore amounted to. £33,000. This sale of the balance of unallotted shares will place the bank in ' an excellent position, their issue now being -10,000 shares, representing a oapital of £200,000 paid up. Sinco tbe above transaction £5 lie 1ms been freely offered for shares, hut no further will be issued by the bank. The Hamilton Spectator has the following as to an entymological curiosity apparently found in that district: — "A very curious grub or chry salis lias been brought to our office, and, singu larly enough, by the same scientific gentleman from whom we first derived the information of the 'jumping frog ' at Skipton. This grub lias all the appearance of a gold nugget, and, for all one could tell, may have been artifically gilded, but.we don't tbinlc our informant would be party to such a trick. It is as like gold as gold could be, except in tlie matter of weight, but this peculiarity is the least extraordinary part of the 'specimen.' On holding it up endways it pre sents the appearance of a woman with glistening eyes, well-shaped nose and mouth, aad it has on its head what accurately represents a gold crown. The chrysalis is now alive, and we shall be happy to show it to any inquiring eutymologist. Wo certainly regard it as a curiosity." The following ghost story comes from New South Wales, nnd is not the first of the kind that has been told in that colony. If a discovery of a murder should shortly be made in the neighbour hood of tho spirit's locale, our young friends, tho " Currency LnBses " and " Corn-stalks," will no doubt become, devout believers in tho authentic character of the apparition : — " A report is cur rent (observes the Newcastle Chronicle) that tho apparition of a. woman clothed in white lias re cently been seen on the Breakwater Beach. The object, it is said, makes its appearance between the hours of nine and twelve at night, and 1ms been witnessed by a number of people from the hill. In one or two instances the spectators have descended the cliff, and gone close up to where the 'ghost' was last noticed/but, as is usually the case with ghosts, nothing whatever was to he seen." If the ghost is really a female, we hope that iu future she will keep better hours." " Some time ago three men were committed for trial at Albury on tbe oharge of riot, consisting in " tin- kettling " a newly-married couple, and thereby causing a good deal of disorder anddisturbinice in the place; Tbey were brought to trial at the Albury Quarter Sessions/where one named Darby was fined £'20, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment ; and the other two, on account of their youth, were let off with a fine of £20. A youth, says the Star, son of Mr Gilchrist, of the Wool pack Inn, Linton and Skipton road, was re turning home from Liutou with a horse and spring cart, and, overtaking two children belonging to Mr Perkins, of tbe Standard Lead, who were going homo from school, lie invited the children to go into the cart and get w ride homo. The children (a boy and a girl) went into tlie cart, nnd youug Gilchrist drove on at a pretty quick pace. Before tliey had pioc- eded very far, however, the wheel of tho cart strU' k a stump, nnd tho vehicle was overturned. The driver and the other little boy were covered under the cart, and comparatively spanking escaped unhurt, but the little girl who was about six yoars of age, was killed ou the spot, the neck being broken. A remarkable hunt took place on Tnesdny in the neighbonrhood of Carlton, writes the Argns. A sly military fox, who has had a very strong objection to paying his way, and ultimately found himself in the Insolvent Court, contracted a debt to a small amount with one of the demi- monde. His usual character- estics were borne out in this matter, and no cash was to be obtained. The powers of tbe law were invoked, and a summons was issued, to which ho gave leg bail. The chase then commenced, and became in tho neighbourhood of the University a very close one. . The hill in Barry-street proved too much for tlie pursuing blue-coated functionary, as lie gave in, baked. Not so the man in the red, for ho steadily persovored, hut after doubling round tho reserve, he was captured in the University gar dens. . A pleasing little ceremony of a character somo- wh.it novel in Victoria, was performed on Tuesday afternoon, writes the Argus, on board tho Training- ship Nelson, in Hobson's Bay, when medals, and other awards of the Royal Humane Society of ling- land were presented by His Excellency tbe Go vernor to one of the boys of tho ship and to two of the men. The boy was Joseph Blacker, a fine little fellow of twelve years of ago, who has at various times during tlie present year saved the lives of tbreo persons from drowning, risking his own in tho attempts. The two earlier of these cases in whioh the persons saved were comrades of Blacker, were brought under 'the notice -of tho . Royal H umane Society, who had sent out to him their silver medal aud written tbauks. Two of the in structors of the ship, named Keunody and Collins, were also presented with testimonials— Kennedy with the bronze medal of the society, for leaping from the ship to save a comrade from drowning, and Collins with the written thauks of the society for jumping into the sea from the pier to save Blacker and a lad whom Blacker had leaped in to save. The afternoon being fine tho presentation was mado the occasion of a little excursion, in which several of the leading military officers and some members of the Ministry took part. His Excellency was ac companied by Sir Trevor Chute, Colonels Anderson (father and son), Lio'utenaut-Colonol Redo! Lieu tenants Rotliwell nnd Richardson, and ifr M'Culloch and Mr J. M. Grant, several ladies also being with the party. , The presentation was made on tho broad quarter.deck of tlie old war ship, tbe wbole of the boys being mustered as spectators. His Ex cellency accompanied tlie rewards by a few grnceful remarks in tribute to tbe courage it was intended to recognise, and tho medals wero pinned to the breasts of the recipients by the wife of Colonel Anderson, jun. Fcrformcd as it was before the watchful eyes of tbe 230 boys of the ship, the cere mony became something more than a more cere mony, and the marked recognition of courage which it was intended to convey, could scarcely fail in bearing some fruit in the future lives of thoso young beholders. It should be mentioned that the gifts of this Humane Society to Blacker wero accompanied by the sum of £10 from tlio Government of this colony, Thrco hearty elieera were given to His Excellency at tho conoliiBion of the presentation and when ho shortly afterwards quitted the ship, tho caunon of the Nelson thundered out a salute of seventeen guns. The Governor then went on board the colonial war-steamer Victoria, which had got up steam, and soon afterwards steamed down the bay, bearing His Excellency on a trip to Western Fort. Colonel Anderson was also on board, aud in tended to inspect tlie port with a view to its 1 capabilities of defence, A strange Btory of what may happon to deeds of property, has been told us by ono of tho parties in- torestcd. The gentleman in question (now residing in Ballarnt) says tho Star, was one of the earlier South Australian settlers, and on ono occasion when " fixing" his dwelling ho had his deed chest pinned on to the floor or some timber beneath the floor. After that the pin was removed, and after further interval on going to tho cheat, tho owner found that some mice had got in by tho hole, and had eaten up nearly tho whole of a conveyance of some land, nnd destroyed a neighbour's last will and testament, which had been placed iu the chest for safe keeping. The will was hopelessly gono and only a frngmont of tho: conveyance was left Shortly after that tho same person left South Australia for Victoria, and for nearly twenty yoars never saw tho vendor of the property, the conveyance which the mice had feasted upon. At length be heard of tho vendor's death and thus gave up the case as an awkward job. In tlio meantime tho then nowiy arrived ' got settled hero and bought some land at Mount Bolton, and the deeds of the Victorian purchase were posted, but did not reach the buyer. After n lapse of several. weeks it was found that tho parchment lay in the dead-letter office in Melbourne, and had been reoeived by rat9, nearly all the deed being do-' voured. Luokily, however, the Mount Bolton land Vendor was contestable, and there being enough' of the mutilated deed left to admit of its identifi cation, a new conveyance was eventually obtained.1 In the course ol time the unlucky-lucky adventurer was one day lately talking to a gentleman in Ballarat whom he had known in South Australia in the antique days, when tho said gentleman re marked ; — " By-tho-by, I saw so-and-so. tho othar day." " Nonsense," replied tho victim of rats, mico, and careless post officials, " he's been dead these many years." His friend assured him of the contrary, and said that'he had seen the person in question (who was the vendor of the South Aus tralian property) in Melbourne. This' was verified, and Bteps at once successfully taken' to get a new conveyance. Thus in both cases mishaps that might have been, if nut irreparable, of incalculable inconvenienco were happily rectified. 