MELBOURNE CRIMINAL SESSIONS. Monday, 17th February. (Befere his Honor Mr Jttstice'Barry.) Mr Dunne prosecuted for the Crown. Bigamt. — Geo. Robfc. Hargreaves, aged about ? twenty -five years, pleaded Guilty to a charge of bigamy. Ho was remanded for sen tence. : -?';.. Murdeb.— Joseph Whelan was again placed in the dook, charged .with the murder of Thos. ' Bramley, near Rokewood, in August last. It will be remembered that when the prisoner was previously .arraigned and ulti mately convioted tho conviction was quashed by the Supreme Court in consequence of Bramley's depositions having been im properly admitted as evidence. Mr Adam Bon now appeared for the Crown, and Mr G. A. Smyth for the prisoner. Mr Adamson desired to arraign the prisoner on the information on whioh he was formerly tried at the November sittings, and to which he pleaded Not Guilty, The prisoner was therefore not again called upon to plead, it being considered thai the former plea was sufficient. Mr Smyth took objeotion to the courBe sought to be followed by Mr Adamson, and stated that he desired to put in two pleas in bar— one that the prisoner had been already convicted, and the other a special plea Betting out the facts that the Su preme Court quashed the conviction on a point of law, and that therefore the prisoner was ao quitted. He also maintained that a fresh in formation ought to be filed, to enable him to bring up a record of the former conviction in support of the two pleas he desired to tender. His object was to raise a point as to whether the Supreme Court had the power to grant a new trial in cases of felony. Mr Adameon contended that there should be no double pleas in eases of felony. Although the former con viction was quashed, the former plea and in formation wero not thereby affected, and the prisoner could not plead again. Mr Smyth urged that thera was really nothing before the court on which to try the prisoner. The old information should not be foisted upon the prisoner's counsel; .fresh pleas had been framed, and he was prepared to hand them is. Mr Adamson said a record ought to have been made showing the proceed ings of the_trial since the return of the ver Aini Vt TUT.. dn\\-r,H,'t, nmiVDA OTOVfl f niloWflA tllCM would be a double plea and the proceedings would bo repeated. Mr Smyth pointed put that under certain circumstances pleading double was allowed in cases of felony. - His Honor observed that the two pleas put m by Mr Smyth could be received ; and at tho request of Mr Adamson the trial was postponed until th9 following day, to give the Crown' an oppor tunitv of il&Brayring; to ov joining issue on the pleas'. rt . Breaking into anb Stealing from ibbw U.IEA Hoted.— Sarah 0alor, aged jjlwut W years, was informed against for having,' on the aigb.t of the 8th inst., feloniously entered and stolon various articles from the above hotel, situated in George-street, Collingwood. On the night in question Mr Philp, the landlord, after he had retired to bed, heard a noise. Ho got up and saw the prisoner in tho yard with some thing under her\ cloak. She was accompanied by a Man who went away with her, when Mr Philp called to thorn. An entrance was effected to the, house by forcing open one of the lower windows, and property valued at about 30s was missed. Soon after the robbery the prisoner was seen in Gertrude-street, Fitzroy, by con stable Phelan, who arrested her, and the stolen property was afterwards found in her house. In defence, she alleged that the boots pro duoed by the palice, and identified by the pro secutor, were purchased by her from another woman. The jury found the prisoner guilty, and she was sentenced to two years' imprison ment with hard labor. : .The Robbery in Fitzroy-strbet, Colling : itoob. — Two young women, named respectively Margaret Collier and Emma Ferd, alias Kate Ford, wero informed against for-haviug, on the .7th inst., robbed Bernard O'Mallan. of about £80. ©'Mallon is a laborer residing in Lonsdale-street, He had previously left his , house in a stable belonging to the prisoner Ford, and on the day alluded to he calied at har house to pay her what he owed. Collier was in the house at the time; as well as a woman named Butler. Witness gavo the latter 5s, who fetched a bottle of brandy and then left the house. Subse quently the woman - Collier took the bag containing the money out of O'Mallan's pocket. He attempted to prevent her leaving the house, but through the interference of a man named Morrison and. the prisoner Fard, who struck witness, Collier managed to escape with the money, which has not since been found. Ford showed witness the house in whioh Collier re sided. He was, however, unable to effect an entrance, but ultimately gave the prisoners into the custody of the police. Witness ad mitted that he had been drinking before the robbery took place, but denied that he was drank. The prisoners, however, alleged that the witness was intoxicated, and made inde oent overtures to Collier. Elizabeth Edwards deposed that O'Mallan had £84 in his posses sion a few hours before the robbery took place. Jane Sellars stated that on the 7th inst. she heard screams in the house occupied by Ford, and that directly afterwards Collier ran down the street. Owen Morrison said that the prosecutor when at Ford's house was drunk, that his clothes were disarranged, and that he threatened to assault the prisoners with a knife which he held in his hand. The jury returned a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoners were discharged. Burglary and Robbery. — John Brown, a youiag man, was informed against for having forcibly entered and stolen weiring apparel and ether ' property, valued at £18, from the pre mises of Mr De Bier, ship broker, Fitzroy, on the night of the 5th inst. The accused was apprehended on the following day by constable jjaianey, who iouna a portion oi the property concealed about ' his person. It was identified, and' Mr De Bier said he valued the property recovered at £6. An entrance to the premises was effected by forcing open the Mtohen win daw. The prisoner was found guilty and sen tenced to'three years' imprisonment. Concealing the- Birth of a Child. — A young woman named Johanna M'EUigot was charged with having concealed the birth of a child of whioh she was delivered on the 1st January. Mr Quinlan defended. The ac cused had been residing at the Star Hotel, Jericho, as servant ; and she confessed to a constable stationed in the district that she placed the body where it, was found. The de fence set up - was to the effect that the prisoner when concealing the body was not aware of the nature of the crime; The jury returned a verdiot of not guilty, and she was liberated. : Tuesday, ISth February. Stbaling Government Property. — A middle-aged man named James Self was in formed against for having Btolen rails, points, chairs, &c;, which in October, 1865, were placed near the Saltwater river railway plat form, Footscray. A great portion of the pro perty was missed in December, 1867. Bridget Elvin, who resides at Footsoray, stated that on eeverar occasions she saw the prisoner pick up iron near the place where the lost iren was staoked. One morning he asked witness if she had seen any of the men empleyed on the rail »„,.?» ? CW- vAnlta*) M -!/». . T' ham T-nK' ?? T want,' said the prisoner, ' to take away some of these ohairs.' Witness answered, ' I should be afraid to take them.' ' Oh,' said prisoner, ' I shall keep a look out ; if they were broken np I could sell them the easier.' Wit ness then saw the .prisoner take away several chairs. George Gale, a dealer, residing in Franklin-street, East Melbourne, had fre quently bought from tho prisoner's son, malle able and cast iron, broken up. There might have been old chairs among the eorap iron whioh he purchased from the boy. The pri soner's son was called by the Crown,, but- his evidence contradicted that advanced by Mrs Elvin. Detective Foster arrested the prisoner and searched his house, but found np part of the stolen property therein. The jury found a verdict of not guilty, and tho prisoner was discharged. ? ; THE BOKEWaOD MWBDER. : Joseph Whelan was informed against for . having, on the 31st August last, murdered Thomas Bramley, at Rokewood. Mr Adamson prosecuted, and Mr C. A. Smyth defended. Mr Smyth said the only record before the court was the information of the former trial ; a fresh one should have been filed. And he also wanted the question decided as to whether the Stfpreme Court had the right to grant a new trial in oases of felony. His Honor could not entertain the objection, and said that the trial must proceed. The pleas put in by the defence on the pre vious day wero then withdrawn, and the pri soner joined issue on the plea of Not Guilty. ? Mr Adamson. after explaining to the jury that the prisoner had been already, tried and convicted of the charge on which he bow stood arraigned, said he trusted they would not allow themselvep to be influenced by newspaper commentaries, or by tho comments of individuals either prior to or after the eonviotion to which he had referred. He also trusted that, because certain statements had been rejected »fl evidence, they would not necessarily regard the caso for tho Crown as a weak one. He thought the jury would, at least pive tho Crown this cvedii — that Ihoy would not have summoned thorn unless satisfied thaifhero wijs a complete case for them to consider. In giving a brief history of it, he ahould necessarily have to refer to matters con nected with tho deceased man,, and to the steps which were taken to perpetuate his evidence. For a long time prior to his death, ho was en gaged in farming pursuits, and was in the habit of offering h^s produce for sale once a week in various districts near Rokewood and at, Rokewood, a town situated between GeeJosg and Pitfield. The sums which he usually brought home after his weekly trips averaged from £7 to £8, and on some occasions his takings amounted to as much as £30. At Roke wood, where he received the wounds which re sulted in his- death, and in other districts, he was highly esteemed, and considered to be a very respectable, sober and industrious man. On the 28th August last he went to Rokewood, His proceedings during that day (Friday) could not be traced, but on the 31st August he was seen going homewards, and 'taking .a course in the direction of the scene of the murder. ' He was subsequently accosted . by Mr Byrne3 at -about half-past three o'clock in the' afternoon';' aud with the exception of tho person who in flicted the fatal injuries, Byrnes,- as. far as he had been able to ascertain, waB the last person who saw Bramley prior to the infliction of the wounds. At about five o'clock a man named Todd, when crosBiDg a paddook, saw in front of him at no very considerable distance, a tiltod waggon which had apparently gone through a gate in the fence that surrounded the paddock. It must be remembered that the neighborhood hadboen cleared of trees, and that, therefore a person would be able to discern any object very distinctly at a long distance. Ultimately Todd saw a man walking near the waggon. Todd was on horseback, and after riding about half a mile, he found jn. man lying on tho side of the road. That man was Bramley, who was lying oh his right side in a pool of blood. Todd asked him what was the matter, and Bramley replied that ' He did not know.' Todd's description of the man whom he^saw near the waggon corresponded with the stature and dress of the prisoner. It was perhaps, to be regretted that Tedd did not endeavor to capturo that . man, instead of first procuring assistance for Bram ley. However, Todd obtained the assistance of Redding, a constable, and on their return Bramley was found lying in the same position as when discovered by Todd ; but the man whom the latter saw near the waggon had gone. Bramley was shot in the left shoulder, and the left knee. The lower jaw bone was broken, and there was a severe incised wound at the baok of the head, which presentad a mass of bruises. On the following day Bramley was attended by Dr. Reid, of Geelong, and on the 2nd Septem ber he was removed to the Geelong Hospital. The prisoner's family resided at Geelong, and he was desoribed as a person who. frequently travelled in search of employment. In the district of. Rokewood he was well known. But there was one matter connected with the case to which he desired to call the particular atten tion of the jury..'' During the past three weeks the prisoner had altered.his features by pulling out his whiskers, as well as some of the hair from the front part of his head. On the 19th August the prisoner visited the hut of a shepherd named '.'.'.Cameron, who with his wife resided near the scene of the mur-'* der. He conversed with Mrs Cameron, and asked her if many carriers passed along that road. This circumstance was important, from speak with certainty as to whether the man whom she spoka to that day and the prisoner were identical. The prisoner also spoke to Mr Cameron, who, in answer to a question, said he' reoollected that the prisoner was once employed by a gentleman residing in the neighborhood, .as gardener, but not as groom. Subsequently the prisoner visited, the Bridge Inn at Rokewood, and on being told that he would have to pay Is 6d for a bed, stated that had not got so much, money; thus showing that a short time previous to the murder he was without money, whilst in a day or two following it he was .'possessed of several pounds. The barmaid, Agnes M'Callum, oisn-; versed with the prisoner repeatedly, and she had identified him as the man who said.he was not able to pay for his bed. Her testimony was corroborated by that of William Lee, a butcher, who also had identified the prisoner as the man whom he saw at the Bridge Inn on the day alluded to. But the prisoner sought to prove that he was not in the town of Roke wood on that day, bnt in the neighborhood of Geelong. On the day on which the murder was committed a man, said to be the prisoner, was. seen going towards the place where poor Bramley was found a few hours afterwards. George Dorrington, whose father is the proprie tor of a store at Colae, stated that he saw tha prisoned going ? in the direction indicated. Itj must also be remembered that the man whom Todd saw near the cart was also afterwards Been going in the direotion of a creek. Thel presumption might be that the person .who committed the murder would have blood upon his clothes, or that there would remain ap: pearances of blood. If the man who was seen leaving the. waggon was really the person who committed themurder, he had plenty of time to remove from his clothes all appearance of ? blood. But a murderer need not necessarily have blood or the appearance of blood upon his clptheB.. On the -following Sunday, the pri soner ; entered the town of Geelong. His ap pearance on that.opcasion suggested . the in ference that he had- concluded either a part or1 the whole of a long journey. From what he stated to other persons when at Rokewood, it was understood that he intended toseek em ployment in quite an- opposite direotion. ,Why did he alter his .mind'? Again, the time which the . prisoner took to get to Geelong from Rokewood, presuming the prisoner and the man spoken of- by the .witnesses to be- idontical, was. just ...the i time a man would oc cupy in travelling from one district to the other on foot. On the day following ho was heard of at the. Prince Albert Hotel, Wil liamstown, He arrived in Geelong on a Sun day, and on the Monday night, at eleven o'clock, he stopped at the hotel in question. Ho then had a swag with him-; and, singularly enough, those persona who stated that they saw him in. tho neighborhood of Rokewood, abb said that he carried a swag. At the hotel in Williams town he occupied a room in conjunction with a man named Hugh O'Donnell. Tho landlady, Mrs Grimley, noticed that the prisoner took exercise chiefly at night, and one evening he visited another hotel in tho same neighborhood, and appeared to be very anxious to see a Geo long newspaper. Ho had something to drink, and gavo the landlady n £1 note, who dedu'etod 6d for tho nobbier,' and returned to the prisoner 19a 6d. Subsequently, when Mrs Grimloy wuS readiag a newspaper whioh contained an aocount of tho Rokewood murder, phe said, in the pre sence of the prisoner, ' What carious names tho creeks have,' whereupon the prisoner took the paper out of her hand and said, 'I will show you names still more curious,' and called her attention to tho towns, in which post offices had been established. That was evi dently done with a view to divert the attention of Mrs Grimley from the report of the murder. On the night, ttfo, previous to the prisoner's arrest, he said to Mrs Grimloy ' ' I have been reading the account of tho Bel lemey murder as well as of the Rokewood murder. What sort of a hat is a wideawake hat?' She'-' replied that 'the hat the prisoner wore resembled very much a wide awake hat.' On being interrogated by the ap prehending constable as to wherehe had beon engaged, the prisoner stated that he had been employed at Toorang. The constable was then in the possession of telegrams, and in con sequence of the prisoner's appearance ho ar rested him. On being cautioned, the prisoner said he did not know what he con Id say that would injure him. The constable searched him, but could find no money upon him, and he told tho constable that he had no money except what waa in the swag under tho bed in whioh he had slept. The swag contained a dark coat, a pair of light trousers and a black beaver hat, but no money. Three £1 notes were, however, found in the prisoner's bed, and he also produced iwo half-sovereigns and forty shillings in silver when he paid the land- . lady for his board and lodging. So that the money seen in his possession at various time3 after the murder was almost equal in amount to that of which Bramley was robbed. The prisoner gave two different names to the con stable. First he said his name was John Lewis, and afterwards that it was- Joseph Whe lan. At the Geelong Hospital, Bramley re cognised him as the man who shot him, and stated so in his dying declaration. He thought the evidence which he should offer would place tho case outside the category of what wero termed suspicious cases, and he would now proceed to corroborate the remarks he had made by submitting the testimony oi a num ber of . respectable witnesses. . v Several witnesses had been examined when t. the court rose. Their evidence was almost a / repetition of the statements which they made at the previous trial. The court adjourned until nine o'olock next day. . Wednesday, 19th February. The trial of Joseph Whelan for the murder of Thos. Bramley, on the 3lst August, was resumed yesterday. On the day previous Mr Smyth urged that the witness Todd, who reported the murder to - the police, ought not to be permitted to give the particulars of the conversation which took place between him and Bramley a short time after the latter was shot, but that he should [ confine himself to the general statement made I by Bramley, that he was shot and robbed. His f Honor allowed the objeotion. | The first witness examined was Inspector | Bookey. His evidence . was a repetition I of that given by him at the former | trial, but in addition ho stated that a f photograph of the prisoner's brother, whioh | at the time was thought to be a likeness § of the prisoner, was sent to all the police I stations ; but that the mistake was discovered I before he was arrested. An attempt was made , 1 to elioit from Inspector Bookey what Bramley stated when his dying declaration was being taken ; but Mr Smyth objected, andcontended that, as what he related was redncedto writing, the document which he had signed was the best evidence that could be obtained, - and was the only evidence that ought to be given. [This, dooument, it will be remembered, was accepted as evidence at the last trial, bat the Supreme Court afterwards decided that it was not admissible.] His Honor also allowed this objeotion. Mr Smyth then asked his Honor to erase from his notes evidence given by Bramley at the Geelong Hospital on the 7th September, when he identified the pri soner as the man who '_shofc him.' He (Mr Smyth) contended that it was merely hearsay evidence and should not be admitted, be cause the prisoner on that occasion was not permitted to reply or cross-examine Bramley. His Honor took a note of the objeotion. MrD. B. Reid, surgeon, Geelong Hospital; and Dr. Barker stated, that the day previous they visited the prisoner at the gaol, and found that he had considerably altered his appearance by pulling out hair frgm his cheeks and fore head ; and Riohard Coppor, a turnkey at the gaol, deposed that a few days ago he saw the prisoner attempting to remove hair from ihe Jrent part of his head and from hia cheeks. It was also stated that the prisoner had not been shaved since the 21st ult. The other -witnesses examined were sub-inspector M'Namara, who corroborated the evidence of Inspector Bookey ; and Mr W. H. Anderson, clerk of petty sessions, at Geelong ; Mr Bonsey, P.M. ; and Mr and Mrs Cameron, Rokewood, neither of whom gave fresh evidence. The court adjourned until next day at nino o'olook. . Thursday, 2ist February. The trial of Joseph Whelan, for the murder of Thomas Bramley, at Rokewood, was re sumed at the Melbourne Criminal Sessions ou Thursday, before his Honor Mr Justico Barry. Mr Adamson prosecuted and Mr C. A. Smyth defended. Most of the witnesses examined iden tified the accused as the man whom they saw in and near the town of Rokewood on the day when themurder was committed, and they were subjeotod to a severe cross- examination. r~ ? ? Road Making.^— In former agos, when the. ?best trained architects of Italy were generally priesta, tho art of road malting thore ranked so high as a means of oivilisation that 'royal and noble sinners very literally paved thoir way to heaven, and readied the gates of pava dise by oauseways made on earth. St. Bene diot laid the basis of his own canonisation with the first stone of the famous bridge of Avignon; which, says Popo Nioholas V., was raised by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost.': Admit ting this, our moat scientific pioneers, though not thomselves conscious of the fact, are them selves fast scaling the ascents to heaven itself while enabling the world at large to rise above tho clouds by means of their philosophy ; and with regard to tho mighty feat of engineering soience now crowned with succoss on the sum mit of Mount Conis, it may, in sober earnest hero ba asked, what would have boon thought of it in thoso 'darknges' of Italy when to build a bridge and olear ti forest wore deeds of salvation for tho next world as for this? — Once a Week, 