A CHAMOIS HUNTIN THE ALPS. , .- ? USA By Ludovic LBOUH. (Translatedfor theSyàney-MominqHerald by Aramis ) (Concluded.) ' . ' I HAD not even a chance of proving myself to be " the direst, deadliest foe " of those insolent' creatures, for if I had made any attempt of the. kind I should had to do battle with a whole, army! So I resigned myself tomy fate with! a sullen stoicism, but you may imagine how im- j patiently I awaited the hour agreed upon for our departure Every minute, by the light of the moon, whose rays fell through the shutters of the window, I kept con-! suiting my watch. As soon as ever I saw the all too slow small hand at length stand over 2 o'clock, I got up, and busied myself) (0 happy task !) in rousing up those of my | companions who were still raising the echoes , with steadily renewed and loud resounding i snores. , > . Everybody was quickly up and stirring ; we ' shouldered our guns and buckled encouraging ' bags-which, I can assure you. were heavy enough, for they contained provender for the whole day-and when our trackers arrived, off we set at once. Above the village of Malines there is a barrow and deep ravine which comes down almost in a straight line from the top of the mountain. We set about ascending this race are, ' toiling < onwards, without speaking (for darkness naturally makes men silent) up the rough pathway one after the other and I will j venture to bet that our detachment of ten men, marching noiselessly along with our arms and baggage, must have looked terribly like a troop of bandits bent upon some mysterious expedition. About the time when the first blush of dawn, spreading over the sky, extinguished the stars, we at length found ourselves upon the spot where we hoped to have some sport. The gorge, up which we had ascended, at its topmost extremity suddenly widens, and ten minutes in an immense amphitheatre. The two rocky ramparts which had so far been standing on either side of us, there take a wide circular sweep and meet in the distance, so as to form a vast enclosed space. The narrow path we had been following led us into the centre of this grand amphitheatre. From the lowest spot in this natural arena to the mountain ridges an inclined plane rises all round, shaped like huge steps, and surrounded, at its summit, with a crown- of steep and pointed rock. . These barriers are interrupted, here and there, with glaciers large spaces covered with ice and hardened snow. The chamois feed r on the grass which grows Often' these lofty I heights, amid the glaciers' and abrupt declivities. The way in which we were to seek our game had been lengthily explained to me, and I, at once, fully understood) the meaning of the course to be pursued when I saw what sort of place it was. We were to post ourselves' at different heights, and at different sides, on the steps of the amphitheatre. Then across a thousand precipices, it became the duty of our trackers, some on the right hand and some on the left to climb the mountain, and, reaching the edges of the almost insurmountable peaks, to start the chamois, and hunt them down to us. As there were six of us, we might, when judiciously disposed, bring within the range of our firearms a very wide space ; so wide-spread, indeed, that it was ten to one if these chamois, once fairly started, would be able to got clear of the bullets and deer shot of some one or other of our party. We began to choose our places for lying in ambush, the spots so chosen being not altogether arbitrarily selected. The natural lay of the ground, and footmarks here and there upon the soil, pointed out where the chamois were went to pass. The laziest amongst us-our jolly councillor, I think it was stopped short at the first post of observation. As for me, in consideration that my ardour as a chamois hunter was excessive, I had the highest point assigned to me. I was to be installed on the edge of a glacier, at the very foot of the upper- most heights. i You cannot imagine how deceptive distances are in these mountains, and how difficult it is to measure them with the eye. As I went on I became gradually separated from my companions who had marched off to their respective posts. In the end I found my) self remaining alone with one of the trackers, by whom I was finally left, when he departed to scale the heights. Before the man went he showed me the precise spot to which I was to go. It was an enormous mass of stone, doubtless detached by the blast of a thunderbolt from the frowning rock which towered above if. I thought that a quarter of an hour at the most, would be quite sufficient for me to got to its " Oh, I see it," said I, joyously ; " it is quite close at hand !" " Don't you be too sure of that," returned the guide with a grim smile, " it is much farther than you think." Would you believe it, my dear friend I was nearly three hours scrambling over the rocks before I gained my last It was just like a piece of witchcraft. As I came on I distinctly saw the mass of rock which had been pointed out to me receding from my view. I got furious. Lowering my head, and gathering up all my strength, I would clamber up for the or six metres or so ; then, all panting, and reeking with perspiration, I would pause, thoroughly worn out, to regain my breath. But when I so stood still, with my weight rest- ing heavily on one spot, I got stuck up to my ankle bones in the gray clay sand, which, disturbed by my footsteps, rolled away in a sort of avalanche to the foot of the declivity. Again and again I renewed my efforts. The weight of my gun, and of my game-bag with all its supplies of ammunition and material still more indis- pensable together with the burden of a great coat, which I carried to protect me from the cold when I came to my appointed place, compelled me to get on but very slowly indeed. I was seized with a mortal dread I saw the first ia) s of the sun gilding the ridges, and I feared that I should not arrive at my post in time. I was so wild at the idea that I was fit to cry 'with rage. And the rock' seemed still to recede before me ! At length it seemed in this steeplechase with my rock, that I was gradually overhauling it. I was not now received the optical delusion was at an end. It grew larger and - remained fixed ; I was about to conquer it-and at last I did reach it ! This fragment of rock, which the country people call " Gelino," or the Hen (probably on account of some supposed resemblance I did not particularly notice), stands in front of an over-arching precipice under which I was to take my seat. At the foot of the block was a platform just big enough to afford room for a large stone to be used as a chair. I doubt whether Christopher Columbus, when he first set foot on the soil of the New World, felt more joy than I experienced as I took possession of this little resting- place. My first care was to envelop myself in the ample grey over-coat which I had brought with me. It is necessary to be particularly on one's) guard against taking cold, which is the most immediate danger during these excursions;' for after clambering up to such an altitude as that I had just reached, you often arrive, bathed in perspiration, in a very cold region, where you? are obliged to remain without moving for more than half the day I also looked carefully at the spot before I sat down, to see if there was; a viper anywhere near me. That also is a danger to which the chamois hunter is fre- i quently exposed. As we were coming back in the evening we nearly stepped upon one of those reptiles, which we killed with a stick, and which, as our friends told us, was one of an unusual size. When I was duly installed I sat for some considerable time in contemplation. of the splendid landscape unfolded before me. ' From the ele- , vated seat which I occupied, it was indeed a grand spectacle. The moun- j 'tains rising on all- directions 'around that enormous amphitheatre are divided and a distorted in a thousand different ways. These fissures give the rocks all possible shapes. There are peaks, needles, promontories in one a place ; elsewhere there are towers, and ruined a mantles and in other places still the cliffs assume the aspect of fantastic forms, such as giants and ghosts. If your eyes rest long on any of these strange figures, the result is that you see these shadows assum- in g gradually an appearance of still greater distinctness ; so that what was, at the first glance, only an indistinct image, becomes a carefully modelled statue and then, again, under the play of light and shade, the statue appears to become animated-to assume a ' colour and to move ! > Fixing my eyes on an ] isolated block, I could distinctly realise the outline of a gigantic lion, crouching down, and lowering his enormous head as if to lick his, paws. Further away a series of jagged i eminences gave ' me , the idea of a set of giants rushing forward to conquer heaven. A singular effect of the imagination, j For if you ceased to look at these pictured objects, and the eye a little later again rested upon them, the charm was then found to be dissolved, and it became impossible again to retrace that scene which had been seemingly so full of life. When turning away from the heights, I began to contemplate the immediate neighbour- , hood of my rock I found fresh grounds for admiration. All the Alpine vegetation was entirely new to me. "A multitude of plants which I had never before seen were growing amid some moss-clad stones near the spot on which I was posted. My ideas , of botany are too circumscribed to permit me to give the names of those plants. My slender ] knowledge of that science only sufficed to ena- j able me to state the class to which they belonged, i And, moreover, I was quite ready to neglect the scientific view of the matter for the artistic. Most of these plants were in all bloom,., There was not much for which' they were remarkable as regarded colour and form, for all these mountain flowers are simple and delicate. But, when you began to examine them closely, it was impossible not to observe that the blossoms were, in their structure, of a - rare and dainty loveliness, or that the leaves were not' outlined with an infinite elegance. I may truly state that the con- templation of a thousand of those exquisite details was not the least pleasure that I found in the heights of the Alps. Do not overwhelm me with your ridicule, my dear fellow, when I tell you that at the sight of all these pleasing objects I felt I know not what strange longings, and a desire to give utterance in verse to the poetic atmosphere with which I seemed "the inspired. Do you remember that charming letter which Pliny the Younger addressed to, Tacitus, with a view to j passing an encomium on the great advantages to be gained from a pursuit after game ? That noble mode of employing one's leisure time never inspired a finer eulogium, and I should really like for all sportsmen to learn by heart, as I have done, that letter of Pliny. The apologist of Trajan informs the stern historian that he has captured three wild boars and these, he takes care to say, very fine ones too- otQuidempulcherrimos, Little accustomed, as it would seem, to such a success, and fearing that his wild boars would be taken for canards ducks), he hastens to add, that it was almost involuntarily that he had made such booty. " I was sitting, he says, " near the nettings, but I had in my hand neither France nor boar spear- ' nothing but my stylus and my tablets." And then, with that elegant conciseness which can- not be imitated in our language, he describes I the intellectual delights of a, sporting expects- a lion :-" The agitation to which it gives rise, and the exercise to which obliges one to submit the body, sharpen the wits in a surprising manner. And, moreover, the shade and solitude of the forest, and that profound silence which is indispensible, are expressly adapted to give to us a great elevation of thought. Take my advice when you go upon these expeditions carry with you your game-bag and your flask, but do not forget also to. have your note-book with you." T ? ? ' ' ' Excuse this little piece of, pedantry: but, really, I have often tried, in the midst of the woods, the effect of what Pliny so happily described, and have constantly! followed the advice he gave to Tacitus. I never leave home at such times WITHOUT slipping into the corner of my haversack a pencil and a note- book-ut'si manus vacuas, pleas James cents report are so, that if I do not bring home any game I may at' least have a pocket-book full of notes. After this lengthy preamble you will not be astonished when I tell you that, having taken a , sheet of paper out of my pocket-book, I set about jotting down the first verse of some fantastic rhyme, which I proposed to dispatch to one of my friends from St. Bonnet, containing a a poetical account of my exploits. , " Here I am a hunter bold I Who (if the story must be told) f, . Amid the mountains and the snows, i Front which Dargo River downward flows, ?. For glorious deeds am ready ; | No game shall pass unheeded by None safely dare to meet my eye None 'escape my purpose steady." Excuse this little outburst, my old friend, but I am really determined to give you, like a-faith chronicler, an exact account of the whole affair, and I do not intend to spare you any of the varied impressions which were made upon me on this occasion. Whilst I endeavour to set them before you, I seem to renew their influence upon me, and once more do I enjoy, one of the most unalloyed pleasures which it has ever been my lot to experience. , ' " ' ' I cannot tell what was the cause of the phenomenon, but I had forgotten all about the, chamois, and was quietly absorbed in the task of hammering out another' stanza; when all at once, I heard the sharp crack of a gun The report, echoed as it was from rock to rock, rolled hither and thither with a startling noise, and seemed actually to increase in its volume of sound. One would really have thought that I the hills were shaken to their very foundations, for that the reverberation had been produced by a majestic peal of thunder. Then there came, close afterwards, a second shot ; then a third, and then a fourth. . of . j. Thus abruptly recalled to the realities of my, position, I seized my gun, which was lying! across my lap, and clapping my finger on the trigger, was ready to fire at a moment's notice.' I set my back firmly against the rock, and scarcely daring even to breathe, I became as! motionless as a bas-relief. ! ( The echoes prevented me from being able to judge from what quarter it was that the shots had been fired. I had previously been advertised of this acoustic difficulty, and the distance was moreover, too great for me to [ 'observe what was being done by my comrades. ( It was not until, the evening that I was made! fully acquainted with all the details of this our ¡ first innings. This is what happened Albert, whose post, was on the other side of the amphitheatre, nearly opposite to mine, discovered two chamois standing on a rocky point. The distance was a too great to allow him to let fly a ball at them with sufficient precision. Line a practised chas- > seer he adopted a manoeuvre commonly availed of on such an occasion ; he fired in the direction of the animals in such a manner as to make the ball pass over their heads. Startled by the explosion, the chamois takes to flight; unable, any more than a man would be, to understand from what point the shot has been fired, when he hears the bullet whizzing past him, or sees -i it glance from the rocks before him he imagines that the danger must be where the ' ball has lodged. So away he goes in an opposite direction, and runs straight towards the hunter. .' The manoeuvre in this instance was remarkably successful. The two chamois, instead of 4 ft) ing upwards and taking refuge in the in- accessible heights, darted down the gradients, and, at full galop, made towards the mouth of, the gorge, near where Mr. G. was. He in his turn soon let fly at them, but his shots had the same effect as those fired by Albert. When the balls whistled by them the silly creatures started ' off again, and, in the, wild impetuosity of their 1 course, ran close by the intervening outlook where they were waited for by Ernest. Ernest fired twice. He missed the foremost ' chamois, but he mortally wounded the second. ' Three deer shots struck the poor brute right on the body, and down he came. of It, was a male about five years old for 11 must remark that by certain rings on their horns, you can always tell the age of these animals. Although badly hit, he was still so . strong that it gave Ernest, and two of his neighbours., in ambush, who ran to his assistance, quite enough to do to settle him In the evening when I came down from my post, I saw this noble victim of our murderous enterprise. The head is, in every respect,' remarkable for the elegance and, beauty' of its shape the two black horns sweeping backwards towards a point giving the Chamois its own characteristic appearance. The eyes are very prominent, and the aspect is gentle, and proud, but 'sad,' like that of the gazelle ; indeed naturalists, as I understand, assert that' if the antelope, t , the u gazelle, and the chamois, are" only' varieties of the same genus., As to the colour of the hair, it is a kind of tawny, inclining to a reddish tint in summer, but, in winter, turning Sd dark that it becomes almost black. ' ' Well ; here, then, I said to myself, is an J animal which nature has endowed with a piercing eyesight, a fine sense of hearing, and subtle power of smelling-for the chamois can | scent the chasseur, when he comes near him, and, in general, all the dangers by which he is a menaced an animal that has a sinewy and active leg, which allows him to find an asylum in the midst of precipices, and, nevertheless, all these gifts cannot protect him against the genius of man ; a few bits of lead are enough to reach him in the midst of his inaccessible | retreats. I believe if we had had M. Prud home with us, he would have shared in those ' my philosophical reflections. You will readily suppose, my dear fellow, ! that after this sharp fusillade, I forgot all about i Plin) the Younger and my poetical epistle, and that I could think of nothing but our enter- prise I had been warned beforehand, that if I heard any dislodgment of small stones I should have to keep a sharp look out, as it would be an infallible sign that chamois were passing on the heights overhead. During all the rest of the forenoon this noise was scarcely for one moment , intermitted above my casemate. My heart' used to beat violently, and up went my gun to my shoulder, but all in vain. On these rude slopes there is nothing to stop stones that once get into motion. The sounds I heard seemed to come to me from a considerable distance, and the chamois that set them rolling always kept out of my range., Sometimes when I raised my e) es I could see, in a rather conspicuous place, a chamois standing, remaining, for a long time, motionless in one spot. This was a sentinel, mounting guard, whilst the rest of the flock were browsing on the plateau. There were several other shots fired, but they had not the same success as that which has been described. Our friend Albert was the noisiest of all of us. He wounded several chamois ; but the vitality of the animal is very great, so much so that when he has not been shot down, it often happens that a mortal wound will not prevent him from regaining regions to which it is quite impossible to follow him. I was one of the least fortunate of the whole party. 'It is true that bald-headed Opportunity vainly offered me the solitary forelock by which he is considered to be distinguished. I should very much like to suppress this painful paragraph in my confession, but I have promised to tell you " the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth," so that, I suppose, I must make a clean breast of it. So here goes and then it will be over The excitement produced in me by the first shot fired; the rattling of the stones that from time to time detached themselves, nay, even the very sight of the chamois themselves, after along While, began, like all other impressions, less sensibly) to affect me. Broken down by the fatigue , of my toilsome ascent / and by the sleeplessness of the previous night, and be- numbed with the cold and the immobility to which I had resigned myself, I felt my eyelids gradually becoming more and more heavy. 1 struggled against the influence with all my might, and tried hard to follow with my eyes the sidelong flight of the crowd, which kept sweeping round and round, and fearlessly carne and amused themselves quite close to my rock. I tried also to make out the rocks that were haunted by the red partridges, I could hear chirping in the vicinity. But Mor- phens got the better of me, and I must have slept I should think, for about a quarter of an hour. When I woke up, I looked anxiously round on all sides; nothing was changed nothing disturbed the serene majesty of the landscape. But, alas, alas ! a chamois' had profited by my snooze and had passed by not tim ty feet from my den ! My comrades perceived him from below, and were outrageous because they did not see him struck down by m) bullets. I shall not attempt to describe to you the despair which overwhelmed, me when I was made act Uíúnted with this episode I suppose I may safely leave that to your imagination. . . ., ' Happily St. RTubert never abandons his faithful votaries, and it is to the intervention of that illustrious patron.' of all hunters that I must attribute the satisfaction offered to me on our return in default of which I should have been under the humiliating necessity of having to go back to St. Bonnet without having fired a single shot. i At about 2 o'clock in the afternoon our hackers, having gone round their best, gave us the signal for departure. We all assembled at the spot where Ernest had killed his character, which one of the poachers was directed to bring away). This was no light task, and the mode in which he discharged the duty was as follows: he tied the four feet of the animal together, and then, crouching down, be passed his head between the feet and body of the animal, letting the whole weight of the carcase, as he stood up, rest ripon his'bacK. Bearing this glorious trophy, the man led the way, and we marched off in the direction of Mohnes. Instead of forming, as in the morning, our battalion, we went on in several groups, amongst which our jolly municipal councillor, Albert, and one of my fell-townsmen, and myself, formed, as it were the rear guard. As we followed the rugged path we started a covey of red partridges. Mr. G., less tired than anybody else, took it into his head to go after them. Drawing the bullets from his fowling-piece, he loaded with small shot, and made to a thicket to which he had marked his game. , Nobody felt any particular inclination to go with him, and so we pushed onward, i All at once, as we were about to re-enter the ravine through which we had arrived, that lucky dog Albert observed a chamois perched on a rock. To point it out to us, to shoulder his gun, and to fire at at was all the work of a single moment. It seemed that the lodgment of the ball had the same effect as I have described, but this time we had not given that matter a thought. To our great astonishment we saw the chamois rushing down a steep gorge and coming towards us as fast as it could lay foot to ground. " Now's your time ; now ! now h shouted Albert to G. who was nearest to the mountain, and who, at the distance of about twenty yards from the chamois, let' fly both barrels. But the charge was nothing but-small shot, and that, of course, went for nothing. The animal bounded in the air, and took a sharp turn to the right, in such a way as to pass sideways parallel with the line which all three of us formed on the path. We gave him a regular broadside, and my friends insisted upon it that I fired ' last. ' At the last shot we saw the chamois stumble and fall,' and, for a moment, full of joy in the belief that we had killed him, we all rushed to the spot ; but probably) the ball only struck the animal in the belly, for he jumped up, and though his pace was much slower, he gained upon us and we actually escaped. What matter ? 11 had only longed to have a shot at one of them. I had perhaps even hit one. To have actually killed one of these chamois would perhaps have been expecting a little too much. , a , , a And so terminated that memorable day. We had seen fifteen chamois, had wounded' several, and had carried off one that was superb. ' Was not the fact of having assisted at such a gather- ing the realisation of a glorious ideal to a townsman of Marseilles, and had we not a just right to raise the old Horatian chaunt Sub line feriam sidera service ?" Well, I don't know after all. The soul of a chasseur, insatiable in these matters, is decidedly an abyss, which nothing appears able to fill. Must I avow the fact ? Irresistible, aspirations are now urging me forward to something still more grand. I shall not rest satisfied until I have been to a lion hunt! I am not without hopes of being able to raise to my lips this intoxicating cup. I expect, my dear friend, when you next receive from me an account of this sort, it will be addressed to you from some mountain or other in North. Africa. " 