ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. The history of the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew dates from SB far back as the month of August, 1819. nearly fifty years ago, when Governor Macquarie laid the original foundation atone. After that proceeding there was a cessation of the work for some consider able time, owing, it is believed, to the funds having been diverted to buildings of a parochial character. According to the testimony of the Hon. Charles Cowper (for several years Premier of this colony) that gentleman was himself present when the first founda tion atone was laid ; but during the long time that the mroject remained more or less in abeyance, a change an the lite was, for some cause, decided upon, which a Mlawlnw af tha fnnndftlSmi atrino TflftnV years afterwards. St. James's Church was com menced, and took precedence of the projected Cathe dral. At this time, end until the year 1836, the pre sent diocese of Sydney formed part of the diocese of Calcutta. In 1836 ihe'lateDr.Broughtou was conee crated Bishop of Australia, and in the following year, on the return of that Prelate to Sydney, he reverted to the design which had been initiated by Governor Msoquarie. The foundation stone was thus re laid by Sir Richard Biuike, the Governor, on the 16th May, 1837, during the epis copacy of the late Bishop, whose name and designation (bb the first and sole Bishop of Aus tralia) are inscribed on the north pillar next to the Communion rails. At this resumption, or rather real -commencement of the work, the old foundation stone was removed and placed in its actual site, other «*ptnses being also incurred in commencing the pre sent building. This site for the building was at length satisfactorily determined by a grant from the Crown, made on the 16th day of January, 1866, but, singularly enough, not taken up bv the Church authorities until -as late as the year 1866. The structure made some slight progress after the re-inception of the under taking in 1837, but, from a variety of causes, did not get on as fast as might have been expected, considering the great wealth of the religious body to which it belonged. Twenty-eight years ago the walls were not more than five or Bix feet high, all round ; and after an increased impetus had been given to the work, and the walls of the choir were built, it remained, for several years more, unroofed — a mi-re unsightly shell, wholly devoid of sny use or architectural beauty. In this earlier patt of the history of the church the archi tect was Mr. James Hume, recently deceased. On Mr. i Hume relinquishing the post of architect he was buc ceided in 1646 by Mr. E. T. Blacket, who made sevtral improvements in the architectural details of what had already been built, and greatly modified and improved the entire -plan ; Mr. Blacket has continued to he the architect up to the present day. In 1816 a committee was formed for the purpose of completing the Cathedral, and that committee has carried on the work up to the present time. It was on the 23rd of July, 186 6 (when the present Bishop was in attend ance at a meeting of the committee) that it was dis covered no grant of the land had been properly applied for ; but the oversight was promptly rectified, and a grant obtained from the Government in about a year afterwards. The projected edifice had of coutee been somewhat delayed by the death in : \- England of Bishop Broughton, and the unavoidable delay that followed, pending the appointment of his successor, the present Bishop. Oa his arrival here, however, a renewed energy was displayed, and it was resolved that St. Andrew's Cathedral should be com pleted for UBe. In 1860 the Building Committee waited upon the Metropolitan (who according to the termB of the grant was the trustee), being desirous of knowing what were-his views on the matter with regard to the puipoees of the building, and the mode in which it was to be used. The answer of the Bishop — entered on the minutes of the committee, on the 27th December, 1860 — was ofsuch a character as gave them every encouragement to proceed. From that lime to this the building baa steadily progressed, being materially assisted towards its present state of completion by the large contributions of persons who have subscribed towards some special objects in con nection therewith — euch as the windows, carved woodwork, pulpit, and ether similar details; the great cost of which could not be conveniently pro vided for by sny general subscription. In the month of July, 1866, a public meeting of the members of the Anglican Church in this colony was held in St. James's Schoolroom, presid'd over by the late Governor, his Excellency Sir John Young. The result of that meeting proved to be eminently satisfac tory. Public interest wbb once more fully awakened. In that, and in the following year £9600 was sub scribed by the general public for the completion of the structure ; £1400 being also received through the Bishop from the Moore Estate. Two thousand five hundred pounds were also collected by ladies in the diocese, for the purchase of an organ ; and a sum of three hundred pounds was subscribed by children fcr a baptismal font. The disbursements of the com mittee between January, 1865, and August, 1868, A amounted to more than £12,000; and there did not . ' appear to be any prospect of difficulty in getting all that should yet be found necessary. Thus, at length, on the meeting of tbe Diocesan Synod in August last, it was announced that the church was so far completed as to authorise the hope that, with some additional exertion, it might be possible to have it opened on the 30th of November (St. Andrew's Day). A special Ordinance for establish ing and regulating the constitution of the Cathedral was, on the 4th of August, introduced by Mr. Alexander Gordon, the chancellor of the diocese, into the Synod ; and having there beenfully discussed and emended, it wss read a third time and passed on the 13 th of that month. In pursuance of this arrange ment the Chapter of the Cathedral has been made to consist of the Bishop, the Dean, the Chancellor, the six Canons and six laymen. The Canons are in office for life, but the lay members are subject to election every six years. . A great meeting was held in the edifice, on the 13th of August last, at which the Earl of Belmore presided— the object of the meeting being to organise some move ment for obtaining the funds required. These steps, taken for tbe purposes of public worship, have proved to be successful. St. Andrew's Cathedral is of comparatively small dimensions, for it iB, within the walls, rather lesB than 160 feet long by 62 feet in breadth, the transept being 110 feet long by 14 feet only. It, of course, will bear no proportion, in point of size, to ihegreat Cathedrals at home, but in its appropriate decoration and internal arrangement it ie considered, by competent judges, to bear comparison with many such structures of a far greater size. The whole building (choir and nave) it not more than eight feet longer than the great choir of Chichester Cathedral; but it is, on the other hand, eight feet longer than Oxford Cathedral altogether, .and not more than 20 feet less, in its entire length, (ban that of Bristol. It consists of a nave, choir, pud eacrarium, and north and south transepts. It has a part of Mr, Blacket's plan to hare had a low' lantern tower at the intersec tion of the cross, but that b?*ign has, it is believed; , been abandoned. TVre are to be tir9 lowers at the ^wesi enu of the nave, and pinnacles are to uc along the U j) of the outside walls. In the choir there are nine windows ; three in the north wall and three in the south ; and two similar windows on'either side of the Oriel. In the north transept there are three windows, and in the south is the organ and whatever openings for light are required. In the loner part of the nave are ten large windows (five in each hteral wall) and two similar windows on either side of the Aposths' window in the western front — all (thirteen in number) filled with richly stained glass. Besides these w indows the entire church is still further lighted with clerestory windows corresponding to those we have mentioned. It is a Gothic building in what is usually known as the later Decorate Style, inclining, i in some of its exterior details, to the Perpendicular. : Although it is to be the Cathedral, or Motber Church, i of the whole diocese, it will also have to serve for tire purposes of a Parochial Church for the ecclesiastical parish of St. Andrew, one of the central districts of thiscity. In proceeding to describe the interior we shall begin by observing (what has above been noticed) that on the north pillar, next to the enclosure of the Com munion Table, is inscribed the name of the late Dr. Broughton as Bishop of Australia, the name of Dr. I Barker, the present Bishop, being carved, in a similar manner, upon the corresponding pillar, on southern eide. The six pillars in the navo bear the names and designations of the Metropolitan and Suffragan Bo-hops who met, in this colsny, in Conference, in 1860\. They are in order as follows : — WiUiam Grant Broughton, Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan ; George Augustus Selwyn, Bishop of New Zealand ; Francis Russell Nixon, BiBhop of Tasmania; Augus tus Short, Bishop of Adelaide; Charles Perry, Bishop of Melbourne ; and WiUiam TyrreU, Bishop of New castle. From the official account which has been published we learn that all the stained glass windows of this church, twenty-six in number, are (with three excep tions) the gifte of individuals; and it needs no one to inform those who have visited the building that moat ; of three windows are in the highest style of modern «rt. The windows on the south side of the nave, or tody of the church, represent the Miracles of the Saviour, the corresponding windows -on the north. Being illustrative of our Eord'a Parables. The two western windows represent the Transfiguration of Christ, and the Baptism of our Lord— the latter being at the extremity of the northern aisle next to the baptistery. The two corresponding windows, at the east end of tbe two side aisles, are the Last Supper, and the Resurrection. The windows on the north side of the choir represent the events in our 8sviour's life prior to His ministry, whilst the windows opposite are devoted to events after the Crucifixion. Thus a connected series has been given in the designs, so as to harmonise throughout. Tub These Iaeoest WiNbows. — (1) The western window represents the Apostles and Apostolic men. Simon, James the Less, Andrew, Barnabas, Matthias, and Jude, in the upper row. Thomas, James, John the Baptist, Stephen, Philip, and Bartholomew, in the middle row. Peter, Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, and Paul, in the lower. This beautiful window is the gift of Mr. Thomas S. Mott, of Greenoakes. Cost, £676. — (2) Tbe northern window (end of the transept) was presented by the late Mr. Charles Kemp. Upper row — Behold the Lamb of God, Call of St. Andrew, Call of St. PeteT. Middle row— Receive ye tbe Holy Ghost, Day of Pentecost, St. Andrew preaching. Lower row — Crucifixion of St. Andrew, Crucifixion of our Lord, Crucifixion of St. Peter. Cost, £329. — (3) The oriel or great eastern window represents the following subjects, is 21 compartments ; there being three rows, and seven lights, or compartments in each : — Two Disciples following Jesus; tbey came and saw where He dwelt; the Ascension; Andrew finding Simon ; he brought him to Jesus ; calling of Andrew and Simon ; feeding of the Five Thousand ; Ordina tion of the Twelve Disciples; Andrew and Philip with the Gretk Worshippers ; the Good Shepherd; Jesus foretelling the Destruction of Jerusalem ; the Day of Pentecost; Andrew -crossing the Euxine; Christ's injunction Feed my Sheep. The three central lights, in the uppermost row, represent the Ascension ; the three corresponding lights, in the middle row, the Miracle of the Loaves and FiBhes; and the three central lights, in the lowest row, the Day of Pentecost. This window was erected partly by Cathedral funds, and partly by special subscriptions, in memory of Bishop Broughton. The total cost -of this window was £812. Tsahsevx Windows. — The eastern window of the north transept was erected by the members of the legal proiession, in memory of tbe late Mr. Justice S. F. Milford end Mr. Justice Edward Wise; both of whom died in 1865. It contains illustrations from the Life of Samuel ; each having the the text referred to (from the 1st book), in the following order. The 12th chcpter, 24th verse ; the 7th chapter, 16th verse ; and the3rd chapter, 9 th verse. The armorial shield on northernmost light is that of Mr. Justice Milford ; the having the date of his death, 26th May, 1865, encir cling it. That on the southern light is the shield of Mr. Justice Wise, with the date of his death, 28th September, 1866. This window is by C. Clutterbuck, Maryland Point, Stratford ; and the total cost of its erection was £102. The opposite window (western side oi the transept) is by Layers, and Barraud, Enders-street, Bloomebury. It was erected to the memory of Captain John Pike — formerly of the 73rd Regiment, but afterwards a settler near Merlon on the Hunter — by hie widow. Captain Pike died at Tours, in France, about six years ago; bequeathing large sums in charity, to various colonial institutions. The subject of this window is, the Supper at Bethany : Mary annointing the feet of Jesus; taken from Sr. John's Gospel, 12th chapter, 7th and 8th verses— which are inscribed beneath, the picture. Clebestokx Windows. — The smaller window in the north transept, on the western side behind the pulpit, is to the memory of the late Mr. William Macpherson, of Blairgowrie in Scotland; for many years the holder of various public offices in this colony. He died at the residence of his son, Mr. Allen Macpherson (by whom the window is erected), on the 11th March, 1866, aged 81. The subjects are, Moses lifting up the Serpent, John the Baptist preach ing in the WilderneBB, and Abraham offering up iBaac. The -manufacturer is C. Clutterbuck, and the cost of erection, £64. The corresponding window in tbe south transept (near the organ), is erected by the legal profession (of which he was so long a member) in memory of Mr. James Norton, for above thirty years Registrar of the Diocese. He waB born at Ore Place, in Sussex, England, and died at Elswick, in this colony, on the 31st August 1862, aged 67. The window opposite (eastern side of the same transept) is erected by members of the legal profession, and other friends, in memory of Mr. Robert Johnson, a member of the Legislative Council ; who was born in London, on tbe 17th December 1812, and died at Brooksby, Double Bay, on the 6th November, 1866. Nave and Cuoie Windows.— The window repre senting tbe Last Supper, on the north side of the altar, was presented by Mr. John Campbell and Mr. Charles Cowper; the corresponding window, on the south aide, representing tbe Resurrection, was presented by. Mr. S. K. Salting. On tbe south side of Ore choir are three windows. The Jirst window represents the women at the sepulchre, the appearing of Christ to Mary Magdalen, Mary telling the Apostles, and Peter and John at the Sepulchre. This was presented by the executors of Mr. Thomas Moore. The second represents the three Marys at the Sepul chre, they held Him by the feet, the journey to Emmaus, and the Supper atEmmaus. The cost of this window was defrayed by public subscription as a memorial to Mr. Charles Kemp and Mr. George K. Ingelow. The third represents Thomas's Unbelief, his Adoration of Christ, Meeting at the Sea of Galilee, and Christ's Charge to Peter. This was presented by the family of the late Archdeacon Cowper. In the nave are the four windows representing the Miracles of Christ. The first window represents Christ Walk ing on the Sea, Healing on the Sabbath-day, the Cure of the L- per, and the Cure of the Infirm Woman. ThiB window was presented by Mrs. Edward Aspinal. The second represents Christ Casting Out a. Devil, the Draught of the Fishes, the Blind Man Restored, and the Healing of Ten Lepers. This was presented by Mt. Edye Manning and Sir William M. Manning. The third represents the Centurion's Servant Cured, Cure of Peter's Wife's Mother, Cure of Dumb Woman, and Cure of the Causae itieh Woman's Daughter. This was presented by Mr. George Cox and Mr. Edward Cox. The fourth represents the Cure of the Man sick of the Palsy, the Calming of the Sea, the Miracle of the Loaves and Pishes, and the Miracle in Cans of Galilee. This was presented by Mr. Robert Tooth. Of the three west windows (besides the Apostles' window already described), that window representing the Transfiguration— at the end of the south aisle — was presented by the family of the late DeputyCorn miBsary General Laidley ; that representing the Baptism of Our Lord, by the family of the late Sir J auieB Dowling, C. J. ; and that (on the north Bide of the baptistery), representing the Temptation, by the late Mr. Thomas Whistler Smith. Proceeding up the north aisle of the ' nave, to tbe eastward, you come to the four windows representing the Parables of Our Lord. The first win dow represents the Sower, the Pharisee, and Publican, the Good Samaritan, Bnd tie Prodigal Son. This was presented by Mr. John Croft. The second re nrrfp the Unjust Judge, the King's Supper, tbe re- au-l the Wedding Garment. This w»l«»„redbv Major General Sir Edward Macar «hurP T hefepres^tBthe Barren Fig-tree, the Ten Talents, the I&t; Monef ^ D«es »d Larerus. ThiB was also presented by Edward Macarthir. * he fourth represents the Rescuing the Lamb, tb? Good Shepherd xejoieiR™, Go into My Vineyard, and This is My Heir. This was presented by Mr. William Charles Went north. Re- entering the choir on the north aisle are tbe three windows representing Events before Christ's ministry. The first window represents The Annunciation, the Meeting of Mary and Elizabeth, the Birth of the Saviour, and the Angel Appearing to the Shepherds. This was presented by lit. George Macleay. The second represents the Magi seeing the Star, the Journey of the Magi, the Appearance of the M agi before Herod, and the Adoration of the Magi. This was presented by Sir Daniel Cooper. The third represents tbe Presentation in the Temple, the Flight into Bgyot, the Visit to Jerusalem, and Jesus in the l%mple. This was presented by Mr. Henry Osborne. AU of these magnificent windows are from the same manufactory, that of Messrs. John Hardman and Co. of Birming ham. The cost of the three greet windows has been already mentioned. That of the others varies from £206 for each of the choir windows, north and south, to £180, the price of each window in the nave ; and £136 for each of the windows under the towers. Memobiai. Bbasses. — MoBt, if not all, of the stained glesB windows are intended as memorials, but beneath ?several ot them the name of the person commemorated alio appears on a brass plate attached to the wall, beneath. The style in which these brasses are executed is of a highly deoorative character, and in a archi tectural point of view they are unexceptionable ; they improve instead of detracting from the general effect. Bishop's Tomb. — The effigy of the late Bishop in his ' robes, and a fac simile of his tomb in Canterbury Cathedral (he having died while on a visit to Eng land), are in the north choir iBle. The inscription on the tomb is — 'Golielmcs Gbant Broughton, Primus BpUcopus Sydnieneis, Australasia Metropolitans : Obiit xx. Feb : ii.D.occLMi ; JEtat. txv.' The recumbent figure is a very strikiug likeness of the late Bishop. The Obgan. — This magnificent instrument (the powers of which are not unknown to the public) is . the gift of the ladies of the diocese, and is placed in a gallery In the south tranjept. It was built iu 1866, by Messrs. Hill and Sons, of London, under the direc tion of Dr. Monk, the- organist of York Minster. It contains 37 stops, and 2374 pipes ; and has 6 coupler*:, end 7 composition pedals. The entire cost, including freight, (towards which Mr. R. A. Hunt and hiB family contributed £100,) insurance, duty, and charges for erection, has exceeded £2000. It was put together in the colony by Mr. C. J. Jackson, of Syd ney, with the assistance, as architect, of Mr. W. H. Nash, The instrument is of the most delicate, finish throughout. The pipe metal is of the superior kind called 'spotted' metal. The compass of the manuals is from CU to A in Alt, fifty eight notes; and the compass of pedals CCC to F, thirty notes ; the instrument having three manual organs and one pedal organ. Each of these is independent of, bat may be connected with the others, for producing such qualities of tone as could not otherwise be obtained. The Great Organ, which contains 928 pipes, has the following stops : bourdon, 16 feet ; open diapason (No. 1), 8 feet ; open diapason (No. 2), 8 feet ; stopped dia pason, 8 feet ; spitz flute, 8 feet ; octave, 4 feet ; harmonic flute, 4 feet ; twelfth, 3 feet ; fifteenth, 2 teet, mixture, 5 ranks ; trumpet, 8 feet ; clarion, 4 feet. The stops of the Pedal Organ, which has 240 pipes, are, open bass, 16 feet ; violone, 16 feet ; sub bats, 16 feet ; quint, 12 feet ; violoncello, 8 feet ; bass-Bute, 8 feet ; fifteenth, 4 feet ; and trombone, 16 feet. There are 812 pipes in the Swell Organ, which has the following stops : bourdon, 16 feet ; opin diapason, 8 feet ; stopped diapason, 8 feet ; cone gamba, 8 feet ; octave, 4 feet; fifteenth, 2 feet; echo cornet, 6 ranks ; oboe, 8 feet ; horn, 8 feet ; and clarion, 4 feet. In the Choir Organ, there are 394 pipes and seven stops ; lieblich gedacht, 8 feet ; dul ciana, 8 feet; pierced gamba, 8 feet; gemshorn, 4 feet ; lieblich flute, 4 feet ; flautina, 2 feet ; and clarionet, 8 feet The instrument has six couplers ; — greet organ to pedal organ, swell to pedal, choir to pedal, swell to great, choir to great, and swill to great (sub-octave). Thtre are four com position pedals, for changing the stops of the great and pedal organs combined, and three composition pedals for the swell organ. Wind is supplied by two large bellows, one of which is used for the pedal organ, the other for the three manuals. The quality ol tone of all the stops is very fine. The harmonic flute, the oboe, and the clarionet, with the trumpet and clarion of the great organ, are exquisite. Each of the stops runs through the em ire compass of the manual, or pedal organ, to which it belongs. The front pipeB are elaborately decorated and testely dis posed. It stands in a hand-ou.e gallery of carved oak, with two gaseliers of polished brass and other appro priate ornaments. The Fuj.wt. — The Pulpit was the gift of' Mr. Robert Towns, presented in the joint names of him self and Mrs. Tuwns, their initials appearing accord ingly on tbe panels in front. The carving of the ornaments on these panels, and of the acorns and oak leaves bordtring the top, deserve especial mention. It was executed, as was also that on the lintel under the organ, by Mr. John Ferris, of Little Norton street. The cost of the pulpit, including the stairs and stone platform, was £270. The platform is formed of a solid block of Pyrmont stme, with the sacred monogram carved on the southern face. The pulpit is reached from the northern side by winding stairs, with a carved oak railing. The Font. — The Font placed in the north wes tern tower opening was erected by the contributions (for the moBt part in very small sums) of children ; the subscriptions being from such, exclusively, as had not yet been confirmed. Around the rim of the font are inscribed, cut in the stone, the following words, taken partly from xxxv. Ezekiel 25th verse, and partly from 2 Corinthians, 6th chapter and 18th verse. ' I will sprinkle clean water upon you, and ye shall be clean ; and I will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be My sons and daughters.'' And at the base, on the front step, is the following ; — ' The Offering of' the children of the Diocese.' The stone of the basin and capitals (resembling closely Caen stone), is irom Otsgo, in New Zealand; and the pil lars are of red Australian granite, from Gabo Island. The total cost was £259. Water is supplied to the basin, and removed from it, by concealed pipes. The font stands on a low platform of stone, to which access is had from the eastern and southern sides. All the details of this baptistery have been much admired, whether viewed from the body oi the church or from the northern aisle the font is certainly a most beautiful object. Tiles and Marble Floobino. — The elaborate marble and encaustic tile work covering the choir and space within the communion Toiling, with the steps leading thereto, is by the Messrs. Field, of London, executed under the direction of Mr. Gilbert Scott, RA. The cost there, excluding incidental charges, was £867. As yet there are no tiles of a similar character in the nave and side aisles. Towards this beautiful ornamentation, the Metropolitan contributed, from funds at his disposal, the sum of £1000. Beats xfi the Choib, &c.; — The choir desks, the cancelli, the episcopal throne, the sedilia, and the vestry screens at the eastern extremities of the side aisles, are all elaborately csrvedin American oak, and are by no means the least remarkable of the decorative details of this structure. Provision has been made for lighting the interior during evening service by twenty gaseliers, formed of brass and ornamental iron work — all of which (exctpt tbe two in front of the organ loft), are about 15 feet high. Of these ges standards there ere six in the nave, six in the choir, two in the vestry screens, two in the tower opening, and two in the transepts. The corbels, hooded mouldings, and other more indis pensable ornaments, are not unworthy of the edifice. The rafteis of the wooden roof are picked out in dif ferent colours, the intervening spaces beiog painted blue, with gilded stars. The ornamentation of this, the main roof, and a similar treatment of the roof of the side aisles has been a great improvement upon the original plan. Accese is had to the interior by four princip d doorways ; — one in the western front, facing York Btreet ; one at the end of the north transept ; one at the south- western corner of the nave, and one at the extremity of the south transept under the organ. Wobkmen Emi-loved. — The foreman of the j jiners is Mr. W. H. Hudson. In addition to Mr. Ferris, the following carvers have been employed in the building — Messrs. Hodgkin, Sanderson, Morris, Cunningham, Quill, Ward and Son, Tinkler, Bland, and Bernas coni ; and the following joiners — Messrs. Moss, Bret nsll, Sanbrook, Thackeray, Thursby, Thomas, and Robinson. The mason executing the work on the font, tbe pillar shafts excepted, was Mr. Benjamin Brain; and the catving of the etone bosses, and names on the nave and choir pillars, was by Mr. Isaac Brown. The Eagle in the choir was carved by Mr. William Hodgkinson, and was the gift of Zlr. Edward Oram. The carved pillar supporting the Eagle, serving as a lectern, was supplied by Mr. Hudsop, 