MISCELLANEOUS. f aiitt at GOVKkxment House.— Mrs. Hamley s first 'At Home' ou Thuisday evening was a truly enjoyable party. The rooms weie well but not inconveniently tilled, and the kind host and hostess were mo-it successful in providing for the cOTutort of their guests. There was a brilliant gathering of la-Hes— red coats, of course, wire uumeruu', and in the early part of the evening a few professionally black ones mingled in the throng. Dancing commoecel at 9 o'clock, and was kept up with the utmost spirit till morning. Mr. B Doothbv, Sen.— Mr. Bruce, acting under instructions from Mr. Lawrence, attorney for Mr. Boochby, sen., in England, has served upon His Kxcelleucy the Acting Govermr and Mr. S. J. Way notice ef the intention of Mr. Boothny to appeal to Her Majesty's Privy Council against his amova1 by the Executive Council from his trhce as Judge. We understand that situ lor notices have beeu served in England, and thai Mr. Watkins Williams, an eminent barrister, has been engird, in addition to other counsel, to conduct the case for the appellant. The petition of appeal has been duly lodged. It is ju?t possible that the c.ise may come ou for argument in November; but no date can be named with the slightest decree of cctU.iitr. UNEXPENDED BALANCES AND fXCESSfci OF Expznuituue. — The Government have issued circulars to the heads of departments, requesting them to specify what pjrtion, if any, of their departmental unexpended balance is unavoidably required to be brought forward to IStiS. in order to cover expenditure incurred, but not liquidated within the peiiod for whicli the vote was taken. The returns for the year 1867 of unexpended balances of votes give a total or £.'t;-,9Ij 14s. O'd., anil of excess of expenditure, i21,So'l As. 4J. The cliief unexpended balances ure- Convicts, £!-r-9 5s. 5d.; Education, iSSSS 1*. 61; Lunatic Asylum, £(59 J; Government Store and Armoury, £b77 Is. 7d.; Volunteer Military r'oie*. iS.458 0i lid.; Supreme Court, jC'.ILS LSs. 5d. ; Observatory and Telegraphs, i'tJW 15s. 4d.; Gold-field Establishment, LbU; Immigration Establishment, Colonial, £415 2*. 5d.; Railway Establishments, £21,lbV 5j. Id.; Port Augusta Waterworks. £530 17s. The chief excesses for lS(i7 were- Police, £42o Us.; Post Office, £5.5Gi iss. 6d. ; Destitute Poor. £7,3W 8s. 3d.; Printing OUfcc, £1.376 15s. (id.; Law Officers, £3W17s. Gd.; Marine Board. £4S1 7*. Id.; Engi neer and Architect, £915 2*. Ud. ; Survey aid Crown Lands, £2,7S1 5s. 41.; Port Elliot, Goolwa, and Victor Harbjur Tramway, £1,572 1 is. 71. It will be understood that ail these figures relate simply to establishment. Tub Adelaide Hospital.— Dr. Harrison, who hai for some time held the post of Assistant House Surgeon at the Adelaide Hosptfc il, lias been pro moted to the Senior House surgeoncy, rendered vacant by the resignation of Dr. Corbin, his sa'ary being £400. The office of Junior or Assistant House Surgeon, which is to have a salary of £:W0 attached to it for the future, has been offered to Dr. Rees, of Melbourne, who has accepted it. Seven or eight applications were, we believe, sent in for the situation of Sf nior House Surgeon. Dr. Rees is son of the Itev. D. Rees, Baptist minister, at present in South Australia. He has been educated at the Melbourne University, and was the first medical student who obtained the degtee of M.B. in Victorix He took high honours in various branches, and obtained in all five Exhibitions of £3J each in money, and Scholar ship £90: besides book3 awarded to First-Class Honour*.' A large number pi testimonials were received by Dr. Rees, principally from medical men connected with the Melbourne Hospital. There are others, however, from the late Dr. hades and from Professor Halford. Dr. Rees has been for some time connected with the Hospital in Melbourne, but on account of a decision of the Hoard of Management, dismissing Dr. Maloney. one of the medical officers of that Institution, for having, in contravention of a disused rule, absented himself on certain occasions from the Hospital, although it was proved that no injury had resulted from such ab sence, he sent in his resignation, fueling that the point at issue was one which affected himself personally. Lasds Titles Office.— The following ts a com parative statement of the transactions in the Lands Titles Office during the months of May, 1{*7 and 1S33? — 18C7. 18(58. Applications ? 107 77 Transfers ? Irjii 153 Mortgages ? Itx) ]M Lease* ? 3fi 20 Transfers of mortgages ? 9 10 Discharges ? !)) 96 Powers of attorney ? — l Caveats ? „ ... 9 3 Encumbrances ? 2 3 Transfers of leases ? 3 6 Surrenders of leases ? 15 4 Declaration of trust ? 1 1 Licences ? 2 ? Transmissions ... „ ? 3 24 Withdrawals of caveat ? 6 1 Write ? 2 1 Order of Court ? l — Certificates of death ? 1 2 Certificates of marriage ? — l Totals ... 613 6V)2 Fees of office ? £G13 lot 4d. £567 15s. lid. Value of land brought under Act £89.4:10 £5fUSl The Kbcest Abchdbacoxet. — The Rev. Charles Manyat, M.A., of Queen's College, Oxford. Elletton Theological Prizeman, 1851, and Examining Chaplain, has been collated to the Archdeaconry of Adelaide, vacant by the death of the late Venerable William John Wood cock. The Archdeacon is ex offkia a Governor of St Peter's Collegiate School, and one of the Attorneys for the Society for t^e Propagation of the Gospel in this diocese, as well as Examiner of those who offer themselves for the holy orders of deacon or priest. Mr. Marryat has also been pre sented by the Trustees and Committee of five seat holders to the Incumbency of ChrUtchurch, North Adelaide. The Vacant Cakojtbt. — The Venerable Archdeacon Nowell Twopeny, M.A.. of Oriel College. Oxford has been collated to the Canonry vacant by the death of the late Venerable W. J. Woodcock, and thus becomes a member of the Incorporated Chapter. The Wesleyan College.— We stated recently that it was intended to open the Wesleyan College in the Pirie-street Lecture Hall early in 1869, and that steps were being taken towards engaging a Head Master for it The gentleman with whom the Committee are in negotiation is Mr. Samuel Fiddian, who at the eaily age of 19 or 20 years was connected with Horton College, Tasmania, where he exhibited a marked aptitude for teaching. Since then he has spent some time at Cambridge, where he obtained in January. 1867, the 16th wrangler ship. He has also taken classical honours in the London University (matriculation), and in the Oxford Local Examination of 1859 he was first in the department of languages. At the end of his first year he was elected a Scholar of St John's College, and he has in all his studies shown a special proficiency in mathematics. His present age is about 27 or 28 years, and for some time past he has filled the situation of Head Mathematical Master at Wesley College, Sheffield, with great satisfaction. He is said to be well versed in tbe management of the institution, while his Christian and gentlemanly deportment is very highly com- mended. He has had an offer to go to Belfast, but his inclinations evidently tend in the direction of the colonies, where he is well acquainted with several of the principal Wesleyan ministers. His testimonials are very satisfactory, and Mr. T. G. WaterhousBe and the Rev. Mr. Boyce have been empowered to engage him to fill the position of Head Master to the new College in Adelaide. The Torre's Peninsula Native Missiojt.— Liberal aa are the contributions by tbe residents of the Peninsula to the support of the Native Mission at Point Pearce, we regret to hear that they are miserably inadequate to the requirements of the natives of that establishment The poor creatu-es are ill-housed, ill-fed, and ill clothed, and the only consolatory set-off to these ills is the excellent instruction- secular and religious -which they receive at the handsof their self-denying teacher, the Rev. Mr. Kubn. As a proof of the desire that has been awakened among the natives for the education of their children, we give the following, which has b^en kindly communicated to us:— 'Last Saturday night a man arrived at our house who had been engaged to bring eight children as far as ifoonta, from the Hummocks, to be sent to the Mission Station at Point Pearce. They were accom panied by the mother of five of the children intended for the school and three little ones too young at present to leave the mother: no that the party consigned to us consisted of 13 in alL The next day being Sunday, followed by a public holiday, we were unable to make arrangements for sending them until this (Tuesday) morning. Three of the children sent to the school have lately lost their mother. The eldest is about 14. [ think the father of these must be one of those steady, respectably conducted men not unfrequently met with among the natives when they have been kindly treated and encouraged to work by fair, equitable treatment He was first shepherd it BLu* Point-* ran of Ms. Gl«e»on\ after wards on Mr. Maslin's ran near the Hummocks where he still h; and Mrs. Maslin has provided the children with nice warm dotbing-everything ; essential— which at present none of the poor children at the Mission Station have. The other five children range from 13 to five in aee, and are the children of an aboriginal woman and a China man, who is regularly employed at some place near Mr. Maslin's run. All have been accustomed to live in huts, and we have no means of erecting dormitories of any kind unless Government will make a further grant.' This, we are assured, is altogether a mistake. Dr. Meredith has had as many as 30 of tlie natives at hirplace, detained on their way to Point Pearce by bad weather for nearly a week; and although we imagine he would, under these circumstances, have ha I a perfect right, if be chose, to charge something for feeding and lodging so many for several days together, yet he fed and lodged them at liu own expense, and without a thought nf being reimbursed at the cots of the Mission.— Wallaroo Tima. Destbuction by Fiuk of Mb. Rakdell's Ftores at Makndm.— News was brought iuto Gumeracha last n ght, Mav 26 (says our Gumeracha correspondent), that Mr. W. R. Kandell's stores at Port Monnum. containing the cargoes nf two or three steamers, bod been totally destroyed by fire. Mr. RandeU was in Adelaide at the time, and only learned the news of the disaster upon his arrival bere last night The stores and nrurly the whole contents are destroyed. 1 believe Mr. J. K. RwdeU had flour to the amount of about £l,5fX) stored there, anl Captains W. R. Randell, of the steamer Bugan, V. C. Handell. of the I'earl, and E. H. Randell. of the Moolgewanke, all ha4 cargo in the store, waiting for a rise in the upper rivers. There must therefore have been some where about £3.&J0; worth of freight ready for shipment destri- el. BOILER EXPLOSION AT RIVERTON. — A most frightful accident occurred at Riverton on Friday, June 5, between 6 and 7 p.m. The boiler at the Rivertou Mill burst with a terrible explosion, heard at some miles off. Mr. August Schmucker, of the firm of Oldham & Schmucker, millers, was literally blown to a distance of 70t yards from the furnacc door, where he was standing at the time. Death was instantaneous, and tbe body presented a horribly mangled appearance, and was almost too much disfigured to be recognisable. When found, the clothes, with the exception of the boots and a small portion of the shirt, were absolutely blown off the body; the skull was smashed in pieces, the brain protruding. Besides Mr. Schmucker there were two others there, Mr. James Elliott, jun., blacksmith, and a young lad aged about 14. Elliott was blown to a dis- tance of about 20 yards, and was most fright- fully scalded, besides having his skull fractured. He lingered on for a day or two. The poor boy (Allanson) survived until the following morning. During the greater part of the time he suffered the most fearful agony, being scalded from head to foot. The shrieks of the poor lad were truly heartrending, and could be heard all over the town. An inquest was held before Mr. R. M. Cole, J.P., and a Jury of 12, when a large amount of evidence was taken, and a verdict of accidental death, with a rider referring to the dangerous state the boiler had been in was returned. THE BLACK SWAMP BRIDGE ON TIIE STRATH vLBfS aod Middletos Tkamwat.— This bridge s constructed entirely of native timber, and as I work of its kind it has not its equal in the :olony — a statement whicli is quite war ranted, we think, by the following rough account A its proportions and estimate of material used:— The length of the platform of the structure is 2S0 feet, its width being 15 feet. The height from water level to platform above is 40 feet. There are five piers and two abutments. Each pier consists of 12 piles firmly driven to the depth of from 18 to 20 feet through solid driving after tbe first five or six feet. At the head of the i-ilea, where the upper continuations are joined, are sills II by 14 inches. The piles have a batter, or slojte inwards, ends and sides of 1 in 12, and the top sills wi 12 by 12 inches. From the foot of each pile to the roadway above the measurement is 0k feet, l'ne platform is supported by 24 wrouglit-iron girders, each 45 feet in length, aud each weighing i tuiis 18 cwt, or approaching 70 tons in all. Seen irom a I'iatance at the water level, the five piers tapering upwards), with stays and cross-beams alternating, have an appearance more of elegance than strength; but when we saw for ourselves the treat size of the timber used, and also learned that nearly \i\ tons of iron had been used in the work, mostly in bolts and straps, we were satisfied that btrength predominated over all. At each end of the bridge the girders are already fixed in their places, and making allowance for the short days and winter weather, the contractor hopes to fiuUli his work in all August. We have omitted to men tion that the upper railings on each side ore to be cast iron stanchions, with gaspipe railing. Mr. .-'chroedcr. favourably known as having built the jetties at Aldinga and Yaukalilla, is the contractor. The Aekated Buead Company.— We under stand that the accounts of the Aerated Bread Company wet now finally closed, and that the bilance renviining to be divided by the Liquidator amounts exactly to a halfpenny for cuch share, upon which Us. has been paid. Phince Alfhed Sailous' Homb— The Com mittee have received a letter from Mr. G. F. Aii^as, intimating that so soon as i'l.tiOO shall have bocu received from other subscribers iu cash mid pro missory-note*, he will make- up the amount to £2,0U0 in order that the erection of the building may be commenced at an early date. The Com mittee recorded a vote of thanks to Mr. Angas, and expressed a hop1: that as the promises already made amount to £1,022 10s., the further sum of &00 will soon be forthcoming The first advices of London subscriptions are looked for by the next miil. The Port Adelaide Amateur Minstrels an nounce that the proceeds of an entertainment to be given in the Oddfellows' Hall, at the Port, on Monday evening next, will be devoted to the Sailors Home Fund. We uuders'and that a gentleman residing in the colony has assigned to the trustees ef the Horns his reversionary interest in the sum of £:M), payable to tbe trustees after the decease of the donor. Roman Catholic Festival on Whit Monday at Gawlek.— A correspondent has sent us the following :-The holidays of last week, including the Qieen's birthday and two days' horse racing, would have left us without any celebration of one of the most ancient holidays of the Christian Church, but for the considerate recognition of it bv the worthy and much-esteemed pastor of the Roman Catholic body, Father Reynolds, who planned in a spirit ot great liberality a day's enjoyment for the younger brandies of Iiia flock on Whit Monday. Early on Monday morning the flog of the Gawler Young Men's Society was a: :en waving on the breezy summit of Church Hill, near the Presbytery, aud at 10 o'clock nine wagons with sundry lighter conveyances and a small squadron of horsemen were assembled at the spot the former freighted with the children and teachers of the ''Christian DoctrineConfratcrnity,' with sundry ass^tants to the number of 200, of whom 135 were joyous juveniles. After singing the 'Hymn of the Confraternity' and 'The Song of Australia,' the whole started in procession for Mr. James Kaiu's farm, about four miles down the Gawler River, the beautiful banner of the Confraternity with its motto Oportet nog in Cntce gloriari leading the way, aud national fligs gracing other parts of the cavalcade. The catechumens who had been admitted to baptism at Easter were, according to the early usage of the Church, habited in white, 'as emblematic of the spiritual purity which the rite of baptism is supposed to confer ;' and hence, according to the best etymology, the name Dominica Alba, or White .Sunday, the Jewish Feast of Pentecost, when the Apostles were ' baptized with the Holy Ghost and with fire,' and began their ministry by baptizing 3,000 persons. In early times Easter und Whitsun Eve were specially set apart for the cere mony of baptism, and an ancient manuscript homily in the Harleian collection informs us that —'In the begynnyng of Holy (.'lurch all the children weren kept to be crystened on this even at the font-hallowing; but now, for enchesone that in bo long abydynge they might dye without crystendome. therefore Holy Chirch ordeyneth to crysten at all times of the yeare; save cyght dayes before these evenyns the chylde shalle abydc til the font-hallowing, if it may savely, for perrill of death, or ells not' The readers of Htrutt Brady, or Brand will be aware that in process of time this solemn season of the Church was converted by tlie vulgar among our forefathers into one of excess and intemperance, forming a striking contrast to the pleasing and rational commemoration of it under description. Arrived at Buncrana Park, the sylvan farm of Mr. Kain, which was rendered more than usually picturesque and attractive by numerous flags waving welcome, tbe young among the visitors betook themselves to various sports and exercises, while the elderly portion weie engaged in spreading tables with most abundant fare, brewing the cup that cheers without alloy, earring poultry for appetites too delicate for beef, ham, &c;, and getting ready sweets for a dessert, all provided by their generous pastor, whose attentions throughout the day to his flock were indefatigable. Music, vocal and in strumental, occasionally enlivened the hours which passed rapidly over one of the most delightful of our autumnal days. I should mention on entering the grounds the Confraternity sang Cardinal Wiseman's beautiful ode 'God bless the Pope,' and in leaving at 4 o'clock they sang the 'Song of Australia' and the National Anthem, givmg cheers for Mr. Kain. The party, after a day of enjoyment without the least draw back, reached the Presbytery at sunset, where they sang the evening hymn, concluding with cheers for the Queen, Pope, the worthy pastor, and the teachers. A quantity of the broken victuals was considerately distributed the following morning among the poor of St. Peter's and St Paul's con grexation. The Confraternity has for President the Rev. Father Reynolds: Vice- President. Mr. L. Purcell, jun.; Secretary. Mr. Jaraei Callagan. us object being the imparting religious instruc tion to the young on the Habbsth afternoons, and it is but justice to their zealous teachers and catechi8ts on my part (not Iteuig of their com munion) to testify to the moral and socially »-ene- licial influence among the young of ao judicious an institution. Sooth Australian Betott Society. - The seventh anniversary of tbe South Australian Benefit Society was celebrated by a dinner in Ht. Francis Xavier'g Hall, Wakefield-street. on Tues day evening, June 18. There were between 30 and 40 persons present Dr. Butler preeided, Mr. Councillor Murphy occupying the vice-chair. The inclement state oft! e weather seriously interfered with the attendance, and through the delay occa. sioned by the thinness of the number present, the company did not sit down to the repast until a considerable period after the notified time. After the good things of the table had fully been dis cussed, tbe usual loyal and patriotic toasts were proposed and duly honoured, that of ' His Holi ness Pope Pius IX.' being placed at the head of the programme. Mr. H. O. Oleewn proposed 'The Lord Bishop. Very Rev. Vicar-General, Ven. Arch deacon, and Clergy of the Diocese.' Drunk with enthusiastic applause. Mr. P. M. Coleman proposed 'The Army, Navy, and Volunteers,' and eulogized the exploits of the former, and ex pressed a conviction that in time of danger the volunteer force would be reinforced by all the able-bodied men of the colony, who would effec tually repel any attempt at invasion. (Cheers.) AdjutantCreagh responded. Mr. O'Halloran pro posed 'The Parliament. Mr. P. B. Coglin re sponded in suitable terms, and was enthusiastically applauded. Mr. J. J. 'Tronin proposed 'The South Australian Benefit Society' in appro priate terms. Mr. J. Kemp Penney, Secretary of the Society, responded, and stated that tbe Association was established in 1861, and now nunv l*red 200 members, its annual income being £9i0. Branch Societies had been established at Gawler. Kapunda. Clare, anl the Burra. containing about 300 members. During the quarter ending March last only £30 had been required for sick-pay. The past quarter had also Ix-en very light, while the income had exceeded £10 1. Attempt* had been made recently to form Branch Societies ht Mount Warabier, Mount Barke1*, and another township in tlie South-tot. Alter the sentiment, 'The La d we Live in,' given bv Mr. M. H. Davii. and responded to by Mr. H. C. Gleeson, the latter gentlenwn proposed 'Success to the Widow and Orphan Ftmd,' Mr. J.Kemp Penney, inrawonoV ing, remarked that the fund amounted to £526, tbe greater part being lent out on moitgageat 10 per cent, which wm expected would cover tha expense recently incurred through tbe death of two members. He stated that, like tho Society with which It was connected, the Widow and Orphan Fund was in a very piomising and flourishing condition. Mr. J. Kemp Pennty wound up with proposing ' Prosperity of Kindred Societies*' M r. J. J. Crpnin responded. A variety of other toasts bllowed. including 'The Mayer and Corporation ' 'The Ladies' 'The Visitors,' 'The Prew '' ?The Stewards,'' &c;, the proceeding*, which were occasionally relieved with a little harmony, closing shortly before midnight. Insolvencies and Assignments.— The fol lowing persons have declared themtelve* in«olvent Bince the date of our last Summary:— William Sent, of Stirling, storekeeper: Henry Gulling, of Wallaroo, labourer, in fvrma pauperis; Charlei Lines, of Adelaide, carpenter, in formd pauperu; William James Roger* Pascoe, of .North Adelaide, out of businens, t» formd pauperu; Jonathan LoulK of Burnside, coach builder; Charles Augustus , Perry, of Kensington, contractor; Johinn Christlieb HandeL of near Blumbew. w'ner; ^.Koac^ of dare, out of businea; «illiara i Robins, of Adelaide, oat of bniimn: Joseph Oiison, of Ade'mde, caUnctmaker, i*furmA pauperu; John Phillips Roger*, of Adelaide, carpenter- Richaul Williams, of Norwood, stone mason; Ihoniay ftarry, of Htoclcport, out of buii ness; Thomas Balfort, of Parksidee, labourer, in fumd pauperu; Samuel Vial, of Mikmta, miner, in Jormd mupent; John Adami, of Notrlunga. builder; Henry Thomas Sparks of Port Victor, carpenter. The following astipnmeuU have been rnade:-A fred OoleR, of Aldinga, storekeeper; uenrge. ^?ef'. of W^'wneW. carrier: Thorna. ™Uf Adelaide, builder: George WiUon and William John Blackham, of Adeladc, raerchauU; Thomas nnkerton. of Uuicheu Uav. overseer; Joseph Cla»fergeal OHalloran, of Adelaide, gentleman; William Notcott Fayew, of North Adelaide, carpenter; Uodfrey Henry Kgremont Gee. of Adelaide. muslcseUer; John George Daly, of Adelaide, solicitor. 