THE ARGUS ANNUAL PIC-NIC. * i But little apology is probably needed for giving our readers some account of the annual picnic given by the proprietors of The Argus and TheAvslralasianto theiremploy.es. Such occasions ordinarily involve the first elements of privacy, but reasons exist why the public may, if they like, be informed how the whole staff of The Argus-to which for the day was united the staff of The Australasian- enjoyed their annual out- door party, fixed this year to take place on the Flemington Racecourse. Public curiosity is often directed towards the interior life of a large newspaper office, and it is well that sometimes, when no harm can be done, the feeling should be gratified. At all events, we now unhesitatingly draw aside the veil., The celebrated Cobbett, whose coarseness, but not his wit has been frequently imitated, used to tell his readers that he would like to get all the members of the press in England together, that the world might see what a scrubby set it was that under- took the handling of public opinion. Whatever truth that utterance once contained, it had none on Saturday last, and had Cobbett's ghost been present with The Argus party, it would have been disgusted supposing its abhorrence of the daily press to continue to see a group of about 400 men, women, and children belonging to the establishment of one newspaper, and yet obstinately respectable. They were to a man "hirelings of the press," taking pay for what they did, and yet possessed of self-respect. The scene of Saturday last was indeed enjoyable, for then the hard, worked slaves of the lamp of knowledge took their brief pleasure, and took it heartily. To them it was the day of the year marked most brilliantly in white " For in their calendar of bliss They had no hour so gay as this." This pic-nic is given once a year by the proprietor of The Argus to their employes, without exception. Last year the A.S.N. Company's steamer Alexandra was chartered for an excursion to Queenscliff, and in the two preceding years the assemblage took place at a paddock near the Brighton beach ; but on this occasion the racecourse was chosen, and the usual date anticipated. The festivity was particularly well-timed. The hard work inseparable from the elections was over Parliament had not yet begun its exhausting labours, and after a beautiful summer, the first blush of autumn had tempered the weather to something like what the Americans call their " Indian summer.'' It was just the day for an out-door holiday, and so said everybody concerned as on Saturday forenoon they thronged to the Spencer-street railway station, where a special train stood ready to carry them to their destination. The morning was hot bright at first. It was rather what the laureate calls " an ashen gray delight ;" but as the day wore on, the clouds dissipated in flaky films, and the warm sun shone and the cool southern breeze blew on a crowd of bravely dressed men, women, and children, as ready to take pleasure as ever anybody was in this world. Faces which had winced, puckered, and paled under gaslight for twelve long months, grew broad, smooth, and fresh. Trouble was over for a day. Every department was fully repre- sented printing, publishing, commercial, and editorial-and all were evidently bent on enjoyment. Nor were the ladies less forget- ful of the weary nights they had waited for their belated lords, the tedious absences that belong to double supplements and the sudden summonses because of English mail telegrams They blossomed in silks and muslins, poplins and poplinette, game, guipure, tulle, and what not, of every hue, red, white, violet, green, or the beautiful new Bismarck that. There was a great crowd on the platform, but somehow people all got into their places ; nor were the general arrangements injured, because Mr. Traffic superintendent Jeremy and his faithful assistant, Mr. W. M, Fehon, were of the party. Thebustlosubsided at last, the train moved off with music playing and though some of the " great guns" of The Australasian would mount their hobbies, and talk of mangolds and sorghum they waxed eloquent to impatient hearers for none others were found to talk shop," , Instead of the grave topics of every day life, all was mirth, gaiety, and the sound of laughing children, till in the fulness of time the train drew up at the Grand Stand, and the pic-nic fairly began. Then ensued a scene to which the humble writer of these lines can do but scant justice Far abler pens might fail to describe the hu mount of a pic-nic, so the reader must not be critical. To see the gay group dispersing themselves, and setting in for enjoyment, was.' no common spectacle. The racecourse was in perfect order ; its turf was green, its buildings had put on their most inviting aspect and the immortal "Duncan The Argus coxswain in the bay, where he is a much an institution as the Williamstown lighthouse-had hoisted long rows of flat tering flags, red, white, and blue. Hat more been needed, there was Mr. James; Henderson, on his old familiar ground, ready to aid, rectify, and amend. Shall we go off to tell of the joke of inviting folks to try Castlemaine ale in the little press-room, and then of the enjoyment of their surprise at drinking good sherry instead ; of the fur of the fruit and cake distribution, to which many of the finest juvenile appetites that ever were attributed their entire and pro mature ruin ; of the numerous enthusiastic anglers who brought rods and lines, but did not go a-fishing, finding better game; of the band of musicians who discoursed popular dance tunes in the gallery ; of the merry children who crowded the Prince's box ; of the girls on the lawn skipping, tripping, and laughing ; of the improvised cricket in the open, the croquet in the saddling-paddock, and the fun and frolic that pervaded the group. What a surprise they would have been to Cobbett's ghost ! Could these be the base hirelings of the press? They were all there, nevertheless, from the nervous and abashed junior up to the "father of the Australian press no less than Mr. John Fairfax, proprietor of the Sydney Morning J-eraM--witnessing in his honoured old ago the fruits of his thirty years' unremitting struggle to raise the tone and character of Australian journalism. All these had an aspect properly their own, naturally belonging to men who, engaged in one of the noblest of human enterprises, sanctify their ends by honest motives, and respect for their neighbours and themselves. Clearly, unless for purposes of punishment, Cobbett's ghost had no business there. A ramble to the river's brink, some capital boat racing, and an hour's perfect enjoyment in the fresh, bright atmosphere, brought the time to nearly two o'clock, when just as the general appetite had become sharpened to the finest edge, there came the welcome signal for dinner, and when the guests had all streamed back to the Grand Stand, they found that the meal which awaited them was a dinner indeed. No common caterer had taken the field, but it was the hero of a thousand great feasts tho restaurateur of the Intercolonial Exhibition, and sixteen years ago, the owner of Cremorne-gardens, in London, with a personal fame to which that of Spiers and Pond is not superior. Time, with its changes, brought Mr. James Ellis to the race- course this day, and his provision was excellent. Had the banquets to the Prince been as good a there would have been little grumbling indeed. Tables laden with succulent dishes occupied the great rooms of the stand. There was, besides, a counter groaning with its unaccustomed weight, and near at hand stood a noble baron of beef, cooked to perfection, in all its vast entirety, and ready for the nimble carvers. Under such circumstances the solemn rite of dining was easily performed, nor need more be told of this phase of the day's proceedings till there came the inevitable speech-making, which had an importance all its own. It took place in one of the rooms where the chief guests were assembled, and where there presided as chairman the general manager, and as vice-chairmen at the opposite ends, the editor of The Argus, the editor of The Australasian, and the chief Printer, the last with no visible trace in his person or manner of the dungeon-life the Legislative Assembly some time ago made him lead- unavailingly for their purpose. But to the speeches. | The loyal toasts disposed of, Mr. F. W. HADDON rose to propose the health of Mr. and Mrs. Fairfax, who were present as guests. The toast was drunk with great applause. 1 Mt. FAIRFAX responded amid general cheering. He said he would be, brief, but yet had one or two things to say which perhaps would be listened to. He did not know of anything that had given him more pleasure during his month in Victoria than the privilege of being present that day, and he had stayed an extra week for the purpose. His pleasure, too, was greatly enhanced by meeting with so many friends, some of old standing, and some whom he had been happy to entertain at his own house. He could not on an occasion of this sort forget the fact that he was the oldest member of the press in these colonies, and the thought had-perhaps unjustifiably-its melancholy side. There might be the youngest member of the press before him, and he was the oldest, and could not look for a much longer time to stay here. It had its pleasant side too, for he knew of no other sphere of usefulness in any business, nor indeed any relation of life, so advantageous to the human mind, as that which was connected with the guidance of public opinion in fact, with the press of any country. The management of the press was not though it was often thought to be always a matter of pounds, shillings, and pence. Of course, press- men expected payment for their work, but there was something in the exercise of judgment as to the conduct of life, and in teach . ing men what they ought to do, that mere money could never represent. On this point he might say that he had read with great interest and gratification the teaching lately put forth upon the principles of constitutional government in The Argus, and which ought to have been followed by the Ministers and politicians of this colony: But this was not the place for politics-and the editor was beginning to smile-so he would simply return his best thanks. He was sorry Messrs. Wilson and Mackinnon were not present. He regarded them with great ro spect something like personal affection, and now begged to propose their long life and happiness. Mr. EVANS, as the representative of the senior proprietor of The Argus, briefly returned thanks. He was sure the spectacle of that day was one at which Mr. Wilson would greatly rejoice, and he was convinced that all the proprietors felt that there was no division | of interests between themselves and their employés, and that their notion of success in management was the establishment of a complete sympathy between them and all who acted on the paper. Mr. JOHN MACKINNON and Mr. JAS. SPOWEHS returned thanks for their absent brothers. Mr. JOHN C. KING, whose name had been coupled with the toast as general manager of The Argus, begged to return thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Fairfax for staying to this pic-nic. He (Mr. King) arrived in Australia in 1838, the same year" in which Mr. Fairfax also entered upon his colonial career, and that gentleman was in truth the creator of the Australian press. (Cheers.) He had in his actions been more than a father, for when he arrived the Australian press was conducted on principles resembling those of the London Satirist, or the lowest class of papers now in existence. No sooner had he become connected with the Sydney Morning Herald than he began to elevate, the tone of the press generally till it reached its present high state. He (Mr. King) would not say that The Argus had not some hand in it, but Mr. Fairfax led the way, and fought the battle single-handed for many long years. (Cheers.) I Two other, healths were subsequently drunk. The first was that of the Rev. Dr. Bleasdale, who had with marked kindness and much trouble selected a series of colonial wines for consumption at the dinner-table. _ His name was coupled with the colonial wine-growing interest, and in reply he oppressed the pleasure he felt at having had a hand in the establishment of a new industry so important as that of wine-growing. He also mentioned the presence in the company of Mr. David Randall, of Glen Para, S.A., one of the largest and most successful vignerons in that colony. Mr. Randall's health was then drunk, and in reply he told how, coming to Victoria with samples merely, he had not been allowed to land them without paying £30 duty. (This we may remark en parentheses, did not prevent him from bringing a choice selection of his best wines as a present to The Argus staff.) The toast of the "Ladies," proposed by Mr. Haddon and duly responded to by Mr. D. D. Wheeler, of the reporting staff, concluded this part of the holiday. After dinner the whole party gave themselves up to their amusements. There was rowing, cricket, races for men, boys, and girls, walking matches, croquet, and dancing. Into lithe athletic exercises those who enjoyed the time " While youth still blooms and vigour nerves the arm, And blood flows freely, pulses beating warm," pressed most eagerly. The oldsters disposed themselves in a more quiet fashion, but not the less agreeably, though the pleasures of all were simple and innocent as could be. The press has its traditions and its stones in abundance, and the intellectual practice of its life gives, moreover, a keenness to thought and conversation not commonly found in general society. Thus the fire of wit, the rapid exchanges in badinage, and the flow of joyous talk that sprang from the gaiety of the moment, made the hours fly fast with those who did not join in the sports, and those who did found the day closing far too soon. Cobbett's ghost, if he had not fled long before, would have been more disappointed than ever at witnessing the pervading sense of gratification into which not one thought of how The Argus of Monday was to be produced over entered. The sensation was too good to last, and as the sun disappeared, the scream of the iron horse kept in waiting gave the warning that pleasure had nearly had its day ; " And gradually the powers of the night That range above the region of the winds. Deepening the courts of twilight, broke them up." The following is some account of "THE ARGUS" SPORTS. Judge-Mr: Kilburn. . Starter-Mr. Hammersley. Handicappers Mr. Hammersley and Mr. J. George. AQUATIC SPORTS, FOUR-OARED BIG RACE. The course was from a point below Raleigh's punt to a flag at the racecourse. First Heat. Publishing Department. (Typographical Department. E. Whitehead R.S. Wemyss T. Gilbertson F. Dodge J. Cronin J. Carroll R. Stafford H. S. Chatfield. F. Whitehead, cox. P. Fay, Cox. Won by Whitehead's crew. Second Heat. Machine Department. Typographical Department W. Lilly I 0. Harris J. Lilly H J. Skinner E. Templeton J R. Kerr E. Kelly ' W. H. Stillwell. C. Kelly, cox. H. J. Walshe, cox. Won by Lilly's crew. The final heat was won by Lilly's crew. ATHLETIC SPORTS, THE JUVENILE RACE. For youths under eighteen. Handicap. No entrance fee. 120 yards. Prize-books. Won by H. George, jun. " THE ABOVE" HANDICAP. 440 yards flat race. Prize Scar f-holder. Entries. Fay, scratch; W. Lilly, 10 yards; R. Stafford, 20 yards ; Kerr, 25 yards ; Gilbertson, King, J. Cronin, Webster, Harding, Summers, Christian, Mackay, Dodge, Walshe, Reid, OlmUlold, Harris, Hughes, II. George, jun., Donoy, Fraser, 36 yards, Won by Fay, Webster second. " THE AUSTRALASIAN" HANDICAP. 100 yards flat race. Prize Gold breast-pin. Entries. Fay, scratch ; Kerr, W. Lilly, R. Stafford. 30 yards ; Gilbertson, Harding, Summers, Oliristliuii Mackay, Dodge, Walshe, Ohatflold, Harris, Hughes, Doney, Fraser, 60 yards. Won by Kerr, Fay second. THE BOYS'' RACE. For boys of fourteen years and under. 2 120 yards. Handicap. No entrance-fee Prize Morocco writing-case. Won by H. Kilburn. WALKING MATCH. One mile. Prize given by the Editor of The Argus Set of shirt studs. Won by Mr. Doney, who came in a long way ahead. THE BELL HUNT. The bellman to be caught within twenty minutes, or the prize revert to him. Prize Silver pencil cases. This did not come off; but another race was substituted. As to who was the winner, however, and as to who was the winner of a Consolation Scramble" for the entrance money in the walking match, we have no knowledge, for by this time reporting had become irreconcilable with the severer pleasures of the day, and so we gave it up. We cannot conclude without acknowledg- ing the courtesy of the stewards of the race- course in giving the use of the ground and grandstand, as well as the kindness of Mr. Glass in furnishing the tables with ample Supplies of cut flowers. 