MACBETH.— Act ii., Scene 1. Macbeth. — The Hon. Geoffrey Eagar. Lady M. — The Hon. J. B. Wilson. Macbeth.— Go, bid the premier -when the sack is ready He strike upon the bell. Get thee to bed. Exit Flunkey. ) Is this Parkesennery whom I see before me, His white beard toward my hand ? Come, let me clutch thee : I have thee not, and yet I see thee still. Art thou not, ugly vision, sensible To feeling as to sight ? or art thou but A spectre of Kiama ; a false creation Proceeding from the heat-oppressed brain ? I see thee yet, in form as palpable As that the young Prince saw — Thou marshal'st me the way that I was going Towards the Custom House — Mine eyes are like the fools of the Assembly Or their constituents ; I see thee still ; And on thy hand and bludgeon Fenians' blood Which was not so before. — There's no such thing. It is the bloody business which informs Thus to mine eyes. Now, o'er Kiama's vales The truth seems dead, and wicked yarns abuse The clodpole's rest. Now, lodges celebrate Sweet Orange offerings ; and buried murder Gets up and looks about And, making straight for Parkes, Moves like a ghost. Thou well built Circular Quay Hear not my footsteps, which way they walk, for fear ( Continued on page 149.) Thy very planks prate of my whereabout And tell the daily journals Which now know nothing. — While I spout he lives — Geoff, kills in hate and then in love forgives — ( A bell rings. ) I go, and it is done ; the bell invites me. Hear it not, Duncan ; for it is a knell For one of us — but which I cannot tell. Exit.) Act II. , Scene 2. Macbeth. — I have done the deed : didst thou not hear a noise ? Lady M. — I heard West howl and the Freeman shriek. Did not you speak ? Macbeth. — When ? Lady M. — Now. Macbeth. — As I sacked him? Lady M. — Ay. Macbeth. — This is a rummy start. Lady M. — A vulgar thought to say a rummy start. Macbeth. — There's Paries did curse in his rage, and Byrnes cried murder 1 That they did rouse each other ; I sat and heard them. But they did swear once more, and addressed them Again to sleep. Lady M. — There are two lodg'd together. Macbeth. — One cried Holy Moses, and Jericho the other. As they had seen me with these hangman's hands, Listening their oaths, I could not say Jericho When they did say Holy Moses ! Lady M. — Consider it not so deeply. Macbeth. —But wherefore could not I pronounce Jericho ? I had most need of cursing, and Moses Stuck in my throat. Lady M. — These deeds must not be thought After these ways ; so it will make us mad. Macbeth. — Methought I heard a voice cry, Vote no more. Geoffrey has murdered votes — sweet purchased votes — Votes that patch up the falling schemes of state — The life of public men — hard labor's pay — Salve of bruised bills — great statesmen's only course — Court liveries at life's feast. Lady M. — What do you mean ? Macbeth. — Still it cried Vote no more to all the house : Geoffrey hath murdered votes ; and therefore Eagar Shall vote no more — G. E. shall vote no more. 