The Courier PUBLISHED DAILY. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1868. Not by any means the least of Mr. John Robertson's difficulties in the formation of a Ministry appears to have been the securing of a suitable Attorney General. The office has been offered to more than one gentlemen of the "long robe," and for one reason or another was politely declined. No doubt tbe new Premier's opponents were beginning, to chuckle over his perplexity, but with characteristic originality and boldness he has got out of it, by making the Attorney- Generalship, hitherto a political office, and one that entitled its holder to a seat in the Executive Council, a non political and of course non- executive office. This is a very important change in pioceduie, and though it Ins its disadvantages as fai as the new Mimstiy are concerned these we believe «ill be counteibalanced by advantages to the public seivice Toi Mi I ourri son to have a clevei hwjei and elo (puent debatei like Mi Dulei foi a colleague m the Assembly would doubt less be a considerable gain in some of the seveie contests likely to ause hut there aie advantages also m bia seeming Sn W11 Lim MiwiNC as Attoinej Geneial That gentleman would no doubt, on po litical giounds alone, e\en if otheis did not exist, decline a seat on the Tieasmj Benches w lth Mi EoDEitTsoN , but with the alteiation «Inch the elia lacter of the ofhce lias just undergone, he is fiee to accept the Attoinej Gene ralship Ile is a politician whose colors aio of a veij neutial tint, anl the Grand Juroi of the colonj 13 all the better 111 piopoition as he is less a paity man The depriving the posi tion of flint law ofhcu of the Cro« n of all connection mili party politics appiiently gives satisfaction to both sec tions of the New South Wales Pi ess, and the appointment of Mi Mvnning seems equally populai, that gentleman's fitness being generally acknowledged The S M Huald sajs, the leputation he holds in the countiy assuies that his professional sane tion w ill not be gi\on to any measuie in opposition to law This is not veiy euer getic commenLation, but the JJmpne, as moie stiongl) Robertsomin in its politics, is moie wat m in its approbation It says " this impoitaiit and íesponsible ofhce is tims at last made 1 non political one, as it ought to be, and w e have not the slightest doubt that the benefit of the change \\\ ill soon be made appâtent, m the adraimstia tion of public justice The gi eat e\pe rience and legal skill of Sn William Minnesc must stamp his appointment with the seal of public approbation and beget a degiee of confidence 'which had not befoie existed The new Attornej General has long ago filled with honoi the highest legal ornees, even to that of a Judge of the Supi erne Com t, and his acceptance of the post he now holds is a subject for geneial congi atulation In this colonj some of oui giavest mis takes have been made m copying New South Wiles procedme too closelj, and a certain line of action having been adopted in that colonj is a fact w Inch now appeals, to our feelings, at least against its adoption heie All rules, however, havo then exceptions and m tins instance we feel suie that in Queensland we would act vviselj in following the example now set bj the RoBriiTsoN Ministry The matter his been very well de bated in our LegishUuie, and out of it , and beyond any doubt the argu ment has alwajs been 111 favor of making the Attoinej Generalship a non political ofhce These aigumeuts are too hacknejed to need elaborate repetition, and can baldly be better put than 111 the following shoitparagiaph fiom the Umpne of the 3rd instant - Theoieticallj, it is suielj monstrous that anj one man should be invested with the poweis of a Grind Juij, Publie Prosecutor expounder of the laws and adviser of the Guv eminent, and at the same time he himself a member of that Government "We have never heaul the anomalj of the case disputed, and the onlj defence of it has invanably been that no instances of corruption or inaladmims tration of ofhce could be adduced The administration of the law m this colony his v\e ventuie to saj been at least as pure as 111 New South Wales, but the anomaly îeferied is as perceptible here as it is there, and has fiequently formed the subject of debate in the House, and of comment m the newspapers It has leceived no more energetic condeui nation than that at the hands of the two gentlemen who, by turns, have held the appointment of Attornej General, and we have heard both Mi Purse and Mr Lillei declare that theybehevo the political character attaching to the ofhce wrong m principle, and that it would afford them personallj, the greatest pleasure to see it done away with Indeed, we nevei have heard argument m its favoi worthy the name, and, unless as a niattei of expediency m Cabinet making, it is not easy to seo why it lias not, befoie now, been alteied Even expediency ought hardly to have a gi eat deal to do with the question m this colony Until very lately there was no choice of Attoinej Geneials We were blessed with the piesence of two gentlemen, nvals-as a mattei of course-sociallj, forensicallj, and politically, and so equally matched, though so very little alike 111 all these respects, that in eithei role it was not easy to tell which best plajed his part No Queensland Ministry has ever been reduced to the strut m which Mr Robertson found himself a few days ago, of going begging with an Attorney Genoralship Mr Lillei almost invariably sat on the Opposition seats when Mr. Piuxg graced the Treasury benches, and, vice versa. Occasionally there was a slight pretence of playing a neutral part, and one or other of these gentlemen would content himself with a seat on the cross benches, but this never lasted long, undneverstood the test of a warm debate. There was tho Attorney-General /« posse, and the Attorney-General in esse, both good men in their way, and while nobody misunderstood then' positions no bodj' found fault with them, unless it might be themselves. Surely theyare both tired by this time of the see-saw game in which Mr. Lilley went up and Mr. Pbes'g came down, or Mr. Pring went up and Mr. Lilley carne down, as well as tired of the very awkward position in which they, pro- fessionally, hnve been placed. "We have seen both gentlemen assisting to make laws which they paid very slight attention to, and admitted that they hardly understood how they would work, and yet they knew they would have much to do with the enforcement of these laws. Au Attorney General has been seen to divide repeatedly against some of his colleagues on a most important measure, and to profess that he was in a perfect fog as to how the Act would work. We mean neither to offend nor to blame, but such a state of things is scarcely creditable to our legislative proceedings. Had we not better put the Law department ona dift'ereutfooting, andrelievetheadminis tration of justice from any reproach or suspicion, however slight, which may attach I to it under present arrangements ? The Brisbane Grammar School will bo com- pleted within a wook or ten days, but it will not bo opened until January 31, 1S69, after the Ohristmas vacation. ITr, Harlin, M.A., present mathematical master of the Ipswich Grammar School, has boen appointed head- master ;' Mr. D. Cameron, second master ; and Mr. F. J. Keogh, head master of the Fortitude Valley National School, assistant master. Arrangements have been mode to socuro tho services of officient French and Gorman masters. A competent drill and gymnastic in- structor will also be engaged. The trustees ore also making othor arrangements, which,'when completed, will enablo them to open the school in a first-class manner. Mosdat next will bo obsorrod as a general holiday, it being tho anniversary of the birthday of H.K.H. tho Prince of Wales. Tho only public amusement advertised is tho trip to tho Bay, in tho steamer Emu, tho proceeds of which aro to bo devoted to the Christchurch Building Fund. By an advertisement in another column, it will bo seen that the sittings of the Supreme Court aro postponed from Monday to Tuesday, so that jurors need not attend until the latter doy. The idea of a volunteer encampment at Sandgate has come to nothing for the present, as proper arrangements cannot be made in time. It is probable, however, that a more successful attempt will be made next Easter, when four or five clear days' holiday can be obtained. No. 4 Company, B.V.R., had some idea of getting up an excursion on Monday next, but the proposal has been abandoned. There will be a general parade of the Volunteer Rifles, No. 1 and 4 Companies, with the Brigade Band, this after- noon, at half-past 4 o'clock, when a good muster is expected. A heavy thunderstorm, terminating in a very acceptablo fall of rain, passed ovor the city yes- terday afternoon. The rain baa continued for somo hours, and seems likely to last. By our meteorological report, it will bo seen that the much-needed chango in the weather has taken place in Boveral parts of tho interior. A mas, nomod Thomas Bird, was killed by lightning yestorday afternoon; It appears that tho deceased was in the omploy of Messrs. William and Peter Barkor, who own several punts on the river, and that yesterday the three named were at work on a punt anchored in the river near Breakfast Creek. At about half past i o'clock tho lightning was very vivid, and Bird, who was at tho pump, was recommended by his companions to desist. Ho did not do so, however, and, almost immediotely after, a more than usually vivid flash came. It must have struck the three, for tho two Barkers say that they wero felled to the ground insensible. When they came to thoir senses, thoy missed Bird, and saw his hat floating on the water. One of them immediotely dived for him, but it was some time before tho body was discovered. life was then totally extinct, and the corpse was quite black. The clothes wero torn in several places, and the hat was also rent. The deceased was twenty-three years of ago, and leaves a wife and child. Some tidings have at last come to hand re- specting the movements of the accomplished swindler who lately gulled so many, under the assumed name of Count Von Attems. Captain Howe, who was in command of the Hamlet's Ghost, writing from Somerset, on September 29, tells his wife that he has left the vessel, and will shortly be in Brisbane. The Count (?) has set sail for the East Indies. How many of our readers will say bon voyage ? The Brisbano Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court will commonoe on Monday next, before His Houor the Chief Justice, at tho Supremo Court. Tho following cases are set down for trial :-Keane and Another v. Neilson ; Eaff and Another v. Harris and Another ; Bowes v. Murray ¡ Hookey v. Forbes ; Hookey v. Forbes ; Harrison v. Forbes ; Bunton v. Lennon j Cow- lishaw v. M'Grath ¡ Jacobsohn v. Turner. Ik our advertising columus will bo found tho amended prospectus of the O'connell Reef Quartz Mining Company. The proposed capi- tal is reduced from £9000 to £6000, in 1200 shares of £5 each. It may bo remembered that the claimi hold by the promotors of this com- pany established their reputation some little time ago by tho crushing of two lots of stone, which yielded respectively 9 ozs. and 11 ozs. to the ton. A GENTLEMAN who come from Pimpama yes- terday informs us that, about 12 o'clock on Wednesday night, a Mount Brisbane blackfel- low, known as King Billy, was murdered ot the Encliffe Vale Plantation, owned by Mr. Curtis, by some other blacks who are in the habit of camping in that neighborhood. Our informant states that the murdered black was first ham- strung, and then dispatched with tomahawks and spears. The blacks buried his body about daylight. A few of King Billy's tribe, who were present, made their escape, threatening to bring more of their friends and take revenge on the murderers. The deceased was frequently about the streets of this city. He looked rather old, and used to wear a brass plate, with the name of his tribe engraved on it, on his breast. The Spring-hill Penny Readings wera con- tinued ou Thursday last in tho Gregory-terrace îîon-vestod School. Mr. Christie presided, and, considering the stato of tho weather, there was a good attendance. Tho following is tho pro grammo :-Readings-" Como out of that," Eliza Cook ¡ " Lodgings for a Singlo Gentle- man," Coleman j " Joanna," Mrs. Heinans ¡ " Kilroony's Visit to London," Graeme ¡ " Tho Dying Tear's Confesssion ¡" " Popping tho Question ¡" " The Childe of Elie ¡" " Tho Day of Best," Grahame ; " The One-legged Gooso ;'< " The Best of Husbands," John G. Saxc. Re- citations-" Three Warnings j" " The Slave's Petition j" Songs-" Up with tho Lark ;" " Jersey Pride ¡" " My Lady Lore." A good deal has been spoken and written during tho last six months about tho providing of sugar mills for the uso of tho East Moreton Formera, and it is pleasant to find that at lost something is being done. A few weeks since the engine, sugar mill, ond plant belonging to the Fibro Works of O'Reilly and Co., wero pur- chased by Messrs. Gartside, Wilde, and Co. We aro glad to learn that a suitable site for the erection of this machinery has been secured on tho Albert Eiver, quite in the centro of a cone growing district. Messrs. Gartside, Wilde, and Co. havo made arrangements with tho owners of the IToyea estate for sufficient ground for their purpose, adjoining the crossing-place on the Albert, known os Sinatos' Ferry, on tho now road to Pimpama and the south. Thoso who know that country believe that n botter situ- ation could not have been selected. A portion of the machinery and material is now on the ground, and no time will be lost in completing the oreotion of tho mill. Tho works will con- tain several recent improvements in sugar manufacturing machinery. It is proposed in the course of time to establish millwright's and wheelwright's shops at the somo place. We have been requested to call attention to the salo of valuable freehold properties, to be held by Dickson and Duncan, this day, at 11 o'clock.-[Ad vt] . Mr. W. S. Robertson, who a few months ago reported on the Gympie reefs, and whose favor able opinion has since been borne out by their enormous yields, has (says the Gladstone Ob server) been making a survey of the reefs of the Calliope. He has shown us a rough plan of the country, embracing a radius of two miles and a half, with Nuggetty Gully for a centre. Within this area there are no less than seventeen known payable reefs, all held by different parties. When Mr. Robertson has completed his plan, it will be taken to Brisbane for the information of persons there who are only waiting for reliable information to warrant them in taking steps towards the erection of a crushing machine. The Peat Downs Telegram of October 27 says :-" A sharp thunderstorm passed over Clermont and Copperfield on Sunday afternoon. The rain lasted but half- an-hour, yet it put about two feet of water in tho lagoon, and filled most of the small holes in the neighborhood, besides lowering the average temperature about fifteen degrees, thus doing an inoalculoble amount of good. We are glad to learn also, that within the past week heavy rain has fallen in various parts of the country, preventing the irretrievable loss which a few days ago seemed inevitable. At Springsure tho hoavy rain of yesterday week allayed the fears and gladdened the hearts of the people by ' bringing down the creek' bonk-and-bonk. The state of things at Springsure moy bo imagined from the remark of a resident thero, to tha effect that there was not a horse in Springsure that could carry a man thirty miles. " The Bulletin's Brisbane correspondent vonti latos tho following -"Beforo closing, lot mo tell you of a duel that took placo on board a -vessel lately arrived in Moroton Bay I do not vouch for tho aoouraoy of tho details of what took place I give thom to you as thoy wero told to mo, omitting tho names of tho partios concerned A young man who was coming out hero to some monds had a misunderstanding ?with another passengor on the voyage, ond, heiug of a rather soft turn, his follow passengers thought it a rather uno opportunity foi a laik Accordingly thoy prevailed upon tho offonded gentleman to demand an apology or accept pistols and coffee By a httlo strategy on tho part of the passengors, the lotter was choson Time and seconds woro named, and tho two antagonists wero placed At tho signal tho young mon fired, and immediately tho other lifted his hand to Ins forehead, blood flowed freely, and ho fell on the dock Not until thon did the young man feol tho awfulness of his position, ho ran below fetched tho most sacred of all books, and, returning to his antagonist, road to him and administered to the best of his ability at suoh a critical moment tho consola tions of rohgion Aftor kooping the poor fellow m a stato of tenor for somo timo, ho was enlightened to tho fact that the pistols only con tamed a small chargo of powdoi, and that the blood on the head of his antagonist was the blood of a couplo of fowls killed that morning for thou- dinner " Tue .Soi hem Argus says -" Tho uihabi tants of Springsure havo sulFo-od sadly for want of water so much so, that thoy wero compelled to opply to tho Government for fund» to enable them to sink a public well, but as thoy could obtain no assistance, a subscription was sot on foot, a sum of £GO was íaised, and a well oom meuced in the township After Binkmg about 15 or 16 feet, water of a very excellent character was shuck A pump haB been erected, and Sprmgsuro for tho future need not depend upon the weather 01 what is moro uncertain still, Government help Tho crook has also been openod, and sufficient drinking wator is now obtainoblo for all cattlo passing through tho town " The inquiries set on foot to solve the Kroom bit murder mystery have led to a result far dif ferent to what was anticipated at the magiste rial investigation. There was a rumor that blacks had committed the murder, which was published in this journal and afterwards contra dicted on the authority of the justice presiding at the inquiry. Now, however, circumstances have come to light which implicate two blacks named Charlie and Peter, well known to the police, and who are hiding in the Kroombit Scrub. They are said to have pounced on their unfortunate victim from behind and waddied him. Becoming alarmed at some noise, they dragged the yet breathing man to the creek and hastily buried him where his body was found, and then fled. We hope soon to record then capture or death by the bullets of the troopers. —Gladstone Observer. The Bulletin of the 3rd instant says:—"Ad vices received in town yesterday by the mails from inland Btato that rain had fallon at ConsueloTmd at tho Barcoo lho Bhowcrs woro not copious, but the squatters accept thom as indication of a broak up of tho drought -A carrier named 'Thomas Thomson, well known on the road arrived at Springsure from Rock hampton a fow days boforo tho mail left for Rockhampton, and reported that there was a great deal more stated in town hore about the difficulties of carriage along tho road than cir cumstonces wnrrantod Ho said that two yoais ago the soason was a far worse ono, so for as tue stato of tho roadB was coneorned " We (Bulletin) have beou shown a wool press completed by Mr B Edgar, of William stroet, for Mews Porter, roster, and Govus' wool washing establishment Tho press is ns credit able a pieco of -workmanship ns any of the kind that can bo imported Tho cost is as small as if it were conBtiuctod in Molbourno and landed in Rockhampton freo of freight and ad i aloi em We have gleaned a few particulars respecting the melencholy accident at Gutchie, whereby a son of Mr Helsham lost his lifo, tho substance of winch is ns followB -It appears that tho ehildron wero out walking vv ith then nurso, but strayed away from hor, and nothing moro was seen of thom until sho discovered tho youngost struggling in the wator of ono of tho lagoons noar the Btation, who was roscucd by a black follownhonin a stato ofalmostcompletc oxhous tion Her attention boing absorbed by lins in cident some minutes elapsed beforo it was dis covered that the older boy,Riohard, was hkowiso in the wator, and it is probablo that bofoio ho was brought to land ten minutes must havo elapsed as overy effort to rostoro lifo was uu successful- Matyborough Chronicle, Novem bei 3 A Maeï KrvEtt correspondent of tho Chi omcle writes -"lho drought is como to an end, Sunday's thunderstorm inaugurated a Bonos of showers which havo entirely changed the face of things on tho Mary, and tho farmois are raised from despair to that eheorful stato of lniud when it is not unploasnnt to meet thom on a lonolj bush road Xho tempernturo has been lower for tho last week or so, tho avoiogt maximum being not higher than 70° or 12° Fahrenheit " The Tumut Bench, on October 26 fined Charles Byrnos £5 for kissing Elora M Iiitosh against her will Tho defendant was charged with an " indecent assault " and tho local jour nal stitcs that the Bench took a lenient vu.« of the co^o The Cleveland Bay Express of October 24, says :— "The first escort from the Cape River gold fields to Townsville arrived in town on Monday morning, October 19, bringing down 2703 ounces 5 pennyweights. The following are the consignees :—A. J. S. Bank, 2354ozs. 11dwts ; Bank N. S. Wales, 348ozs. 14dwts. Total 2703ozs. 5dwts. The cart which carries the gold, an ordinary 'whitechapel,' is in our opinion far too light for such a purpose, as are also the boxes in which the bullion is se cured. The escort, which is in charge of Sub- Inspector Isley with Acting Sub-lnspector Thompson, consisting of one white and six black troopers, who are armed with double barreled carbines and revolvers, and if the defect of carriage were remedied, the escort would present a very respectable appearance." ONE of the most diabolical pieces of cruelty ever heard of was perpetrated last week The victim was a valuable cottle dog owned by Mr James Nash, of this town Having to go to the Calhopo Uiver to take charge of cattlo intended for exportation, Mr Nash allowed his dog to follow Near the road party's camp ho suddenly missed tho dog On his return he found tho poor beast near the Clinton Hotel, ?with ears and tail eut off olose, and writhing in agony What dastardly, cowardly, fiends did the inhuman deed is at present unknown No doubt thoy bear the imago of mon, but their company would be abhorred by Bavoges If any persons are awore who perpetrated this dreadful act, they will do society a service by informing tho police Such villains aro not fit to be at largo The pillory should be resuscitated for their especial benefit -Gladstone Observer, October 29 TJvDBBthe present system (says the Molbourno Age) tho wool from tho colonies is disposed of as if it were a glut of fish at Billingsgate, not fit to keep for a day, and parted with as a ne- cessity for what it may fetch This moy be al most a necessary conséquence of the hypotheca tion of consignments-tho consignees not bemg willing to incur the responBibdity of po'tponmg sales, ond the exercise of discretion not being m the bu*, but if this leods to the soo luce of the «ecurity, the Bystem must be altered We leorn from the correspondent of the Dulbo Dispatch that oil the waterholes aro fast drying up, and should there not bo any rain before Chnstmas, the whole of thoLowor Castle reagh from Coonabarabran to Bogara (and it is doubtful if the latter, a vory deep waterhole, will not be dry al»o)| a distance of 175 miles It is a fearful Bight to contemplate tho amount of eattlo that are bogged and dead in the river m three holes here, not five minutes' walk from each other There ore over two hundred head, and I can confidently say that within a distance of thirty miles thero are not less than over one thousand head lying The cattle that are pulled out aro so weak thot not one in ten ever get up again, ond the Btcnch which arises is sufficient to cause contagion O Ace agre func flou men of c ago the effo oxp ohai A ploj oxp has n>gÉ and pail oom eapi of off star way that to t thci dou agic join beei treo toon thei groi part Osa The suit it h lou 01 t plai it v able rem tho Dm thu tho did tho tho par] for a fe fell« the hav nan En¡ tha 