What is the opposite of Mnce'a body P -Pepper's ghost. A young woman's conundrum-Who is our favourito Roman hero P-Marius. The Land Otlico report shows that, during the last fiscal year, seven million acres of the public lands were disposed of in the United States. NE.w VEnssIo.-It was the reflection of a thoughtful hall-porter, that the self denying man must be the man who says he is not at home when he is.-Puach. Robert S. Pringle, of Georgia, recently committed suicide on account of the hueiiliation of being defeated by a negro as candidate for the office of sergeant at-arms to the Reconstruction Convention of that State. Which is worth most,.ive pounds in gold, or a five-pound bank-note P-The bank note ;because you always double it when you inut it in your.pocket, and you will find it always increases (in creases) when you take it out. Hugo icicles and mountains of solid ice it is stated, have formed at the foot of Niagara Falls, from the constant accre tions of spray, forming a beautiful sight, An ioe bridge has also formed below the Falls, and hundreds of people have passed overit. A remarkable decrease has taken place of late in tlih imports of dry goods to the United States. In January, the rate was lower by £700,000 than that of any month for the last twenty years. In the Registrar-Generals report on the mortality of Melbourne for theomonth of March, the deaths of seven persoas are recorded whose united years amount to S5811, or an average of 88 years each, The late Mr. harles Kean is said to have left propert amounting to upwards of £560,000. A young man wbho is desperately in love, says that ie has been electrified with a gal-vanic attery. A chap out W st says he cured palpita tion of the heart by the application of another palpitatpg heart to the part affected. "Whose pigs are those, my lad P" "Why they belong to that 'ere big sow." " No, I mean who is their master-P" " Why, that little 'un; he's a rare one to fight.' Thackeray being told that an ac quaintance of his, wio was notorious for his love of beer, lad sailed for India, replied, " He was a good fellow. Take him for ' half-and-half,' we shall not look upon his like again '1" A friend of ourt, who possesses a harmonium with a namber of stops, says he had another stop put to it the other day-by his landlord.-Tho Porcupine. There are some expressions so witty and yet so rare, that it seems desirable to preserve them. What, for instance, can be funnier than to call your father, " the Governor," or to slap a friend on the shoulder-addressing him at the same time, " Come now, old fellow P" As IT SrHOULD nD -A bachelor sea captain, who was remarking that he wanted a good chief officer, was promptly informed by a young lady present, that she had no objection to be his first mate. He took the hint-and the lady. A gentleman who recently travelled over the- railroad, declared'that it is the safest road in the country, as the super intendent keeps a boy running ahead of the train to drive of the cows and sheep I A girl who was making a dress put the sleeves in wrong. She was unable to change them, as she could not determine whether she had the right sleeve in the wrong place or the wrong sleeve in the right place. A. surgical journal speaks of a man who lived five years with a ball in his head. A waggish friend of ours says, he has known ladies to live twice as long with nothing but balls in their heads. It will scarcely be credited that, in 1805, 12,000 letters were posted in Great Britain without any address, and these letters contained valuables in the form of cheques, notes, and money to the amount of £3700. On one occasion £5000 in notes was sent, improperly addressed, open at the ends, like a book packet.--Times. " No, no, you sha'n t do it I" exclaimed an old lady, as she sprung to her nephew's side and firmly grasped an unbrella which he'was about to carry out into the rain, adding, "that umbrella haint been wet these twenty-three years, and I haint a.going to have it wetted now in its ripe old age." 'InE Snaowseox OUTDONE.-" Is the gorilla to be seen here P" " Yes, sir." " I want to see him." "Very well, sir." "It is fifty cents, isn't it P" " One dollar, sir. Fifty cents for servants." "Well, I'm a servant." ""You a servant 1" "Yes, sir." "The deuce Whose P" " Yours, sir-your humble servant." " Walk in and take a seat: The 'joke is worth the price of admission." Wi'aT nE DID TrE FensT Ysas.-In one of the Courts of Connecticut, recently, a woman n as testifying on behalf of her son, and swore that he had worked on a farm ever since he was born. The lamyer who cross-examined her said, " oun assert that your son has worked on a farm ever since he was born?" "I do." " What did he do the first year P" " Heo milked," She replied. The whole court laughed heartily, and the witness was questioned no further. BALLOON PATENT.-The Gazette, in its list of applications for patents last week announces one from " John Kinnersley Smythies, of 23 St. Luke's Road, in the parish of Paddington, in the county of Middlesex, barrister-at-law, in respect of the invention of carrying passengers through the air by a steam bird or flying steam engine fitted with wings flapped by the action of steam." Dean Storr had occasion one day to unite a rustic in the bands of matrimony. ,The ceremony over, the husband began to " sink in resolution," and, falling into a fit of repentance, he said, "Your reverence has tied the knot tightly, I fancy, but under favour, may I ask if so be you could untie it again P" "Why, no," replied the Dean, " we never do that on this part of the consecrated ground 1" "Where, thenP" cried the man eagerly. "On, that," pointing to the burial ground. CuRIous COMPLAINT ABOUT TIIE QUEEN's ]BOOL.-I heard a novel writer the other day complaining about the Queen's Book; not because he objected to anything the book contained, but because, being thrown into the book.selling market, Sit has absorbed all the money which the librarians have to spare. I believe there Sis some ground for this complaint. A publisher tells rse that he has been obliged to withhold his novels this month on account of the Queen's Book.-London ,Letter. A lady was reading to her five Syear-old boy the story of a little fellow whose father was taken ill and died, after Swhich the youngster set himself diligently to work to assist in supporting himself and his mother. When she had finished the story she snid-" Now, Tommy, if pa were to die, would'nt you work to help mamma P"--" Why, ma," said the little fellow, not relishing the idea of work, " what forI Ain't we got a good house to live inP"--" Oh, yes, my child," said the mother ; "but wce can't eat the house, you know." -" Well nin't we got plenty of things in the pantry ?" said the young hopeful. "Certainly, my dear," replied the mother; " but then they will not last long-and lwhant then P'"--" Well ma," said the little incorrigible, " ain't there enough to last till yp get another hus band P" Ma gavoe up. The celebrated enchl novelist, Alex ander Dumas, has daughter who made a very good marriake. There were, report says, some diffieul es in the preliminary arrangements, bu these were got over; and the mother n he bridegroom, a pro vincial lady of ceat respectability, ar rived in Paris o be present at the wedding. The c rch was full of specta tors, and it so ha pened that among them were several ncg~es. This circumstance excited the surpI of the bridegroom's mother, who was 'ated beside tlhe bride's father. Persons lrom the provinces are rather disposedtd wonder at everything they sonee in Pais; and Madame X in a weak trebl, expressed her astonish. ment to Alexndor )Dumrnas at seeing so many men of olor. " Oh, I can explain that very canly," said the incorrigible a jester; "the:are my family (Alexander i Dumras is of egro extraction), who desire to assist at th marriage ceremony of nmy daughter." 'be old lady, who, like most Ii provincials, -ras a very matter-of- fact 0 person, look( unutterable things, and 0 was perfectlyiorrifl'od at the prospect of this enormounegro connection. 