THE CONSECRATION. Lest Monday morning, in tho presence of a very great concourse of persons, the Anglican Cathedral of St. Andrew, in this city, was consecrated according to the rites, and ceremonies of the Church of England by the Metro-. politan Bishop (the Right Rev. Dr. Frederick Barker), ; who was assisted by the Suffragan Prelates the Bishops, of Adelaide, Melbourne, Newcastle, Brisbane, Goulburn, and Tasmania together with the Dean of Sydney, Canon Vidal, Stack, King, and O'Reilly, " and a large body of clergymen. This fine building has, therefore, after the lapse of of many tedious years, at length been opened for the performance of Divine service, in conformity with the use of the Church of England. Having already laid before our renders some few particulars in respect of the history of this remarkable structure, and a general description of the entire edifice, we shall now, without further preface, give a brief find 6om prehensive account of all the proceedings having reference" to the consecration of this church, which took place on the 30th ultimo, being St. Andrew's Day. j At half-past 10 o'clock the Metropolitan and his six Suffragan. Bishops began to assemble in the temporary building on the north side of the Cathedral, where they were joined by upwards of seventy clergymen. Tkenco too Prelates (in their episcopal habits) with their clergy (vested in hoods, stoles, and 'surplices;) walked in procession across the enclosure on the north of the church to the Great Western entrance, where they were met, at about five minutes to 11 o'clock, by the Very Rev. Dean Cowper, with other members of the ' Chapter of the Cathedral. 1 here the Dean, on behalf of the Chapter, presented to the Metropolitan the formal petition for the consecration of the Cathedral Church of St., Andrew, and the document was read aloud by Mr. Barker, the regis trar of the diocese. The Metropolitan Bishop intimated that it was his intention to comply with the prayer of the petition, whereupon the Dean and Chapter having joined in the procession, the Metropolitan (followed by the other Bishops and clergy in attendance), proceeded up the middle (history the Silver, repeating alternately the- 24th Psalm (Domini est terra). The Bishops having taken their places within the Communion Rails, the sentence of consecration was read by the Chancellor and signed by the Metropolitan. The document was handed to the Registrar to be registered, which being done it was returned by that officer to the Bishop, and by him laid upon the Communion Table. Then the Metropolitan standing on the north side of the Lord's Table turned to the congregation and, said :-" Dearly beloved in the Lord, forasmuch OF devout and holy war, as well under the Law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Holy Ghost, or by the express command of God; or by their own reason and sense of order and decency, have erected noises for the public worship of God, and separated them from all, profane and common uses; which godly practice hath a manifest tendency to fill men's minds with a becoming reverence, to the Divine Majesty, and to affect their hearts with devotion and humility in the service of God let us humbly hope that our Heavenly Father will favourably approve of our present purpose of setting apart this place in solemn manner for the performance of the several offices of religious worship and let us faithfully and devoutly ht g His blessing on this our undertaking Then followed the Lord's Prayer, in which the whole congregation (consisting of more than two thousand persons) joined and next, was said the prayer "O, Eternal God ; " after which, the Metropolitan repeated the six collects having special reference to the future ministrations of the Church in that building, imploring Divine blessing upon the same. The morning service then commenced, the Propor- Psalms being the 84th, the £22nd, and the 132nd. The First ties son was taken from the eighth chapter of the First Book of Kings, from the 22nd to the 62nd verse. This lesson was read by the Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney. The Second L.esson (taken from the fourth chapter of the Gospel of St. Luke, from the 14th to the 21st verse) was read". by the Rev. Canon Stack. Here, and in the subsequent service, the collect used was that of St. Andrew's Day, with a special player for the occasion. In the ante-communion service the opening prayers were read by Dr. Short, the Bishop of Adelaide. Dr. Thomas, the Bishop of Goulburn, read the Epistle ; the Gospel being lcnduyDr. Perry, the Bishop of Melbourne. In this service, as in the Order for Morning Prayer, there were several special prayers for the occasion ; one after the Collect for the Queen, and one after the Prayer for the Church Militant, The first anthem (in the Morning Prayer) was the let, 2nd, the 4th verse of the 84th Psalm, Quam Dilecta- (Richardson). The first hymn was, " Christ is made the sure Foundation "-(St. Worburgh) and the second, that before the sermon, was the well known hymn beginning with these words-" Jesus calls us o'er the tumult," s:c. (Batt). In consequence of the length of the service there was no voluntary. The prees and responses were Tnlhb's, and the Venue, that by Philip Hayes. The chant of the Proper Psalms were by Hine, W. Hayes, and D. Purcell. The Te Deum, Gregorian j fifth time, 2nd ending, and seventh tone, 1st ending. The Kyu'es in the ante-communion service were by Naror, inF, and the chant for the Nicene Creed, by John Goss. The Sentences at the Offertory a very large one) were read by Dr. Tuffnell, the Bishop of Brisbane and the Prayer for the Church Militant was said by Dr. Bromby, the Bishop of Tasmania. The METROPOLITAN then preached a Sermon, which was fully reported in our columns of the 1st instant. The text was taken from Matthew., 10, "Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men." After the sermon the Holy Communion was administered. The Bishop of Newcastle read from the Short exhortation to the end of the Confession and the Metropolitan then continued the service to the end of the Consecration. The consecrated elements were administered by the seven Bishops and the Dean to the clergy and laity present ; about two hundred and fifty communicants. The Dean read the Post Communion, the Final Benediction being pronounced by the Metropolitan. The entire service was of a Cathedral > character, the Morning Prayers being very ably chanted, in monotone, by the Rev. J. C. Corlette, the Precentor. The responses and the Psalms were chanted by seventy-six lay clerks, and choristers. The offertory, amounting to over 250, was given to the Building Fund. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Belmore were present. Amongst the clergy- men present were the Rev. William Macquarie Cowper, Dean of Sydney ; the Rev. Canon George Vidal, the Rev Canon William Stack, the Rev. Canon R. L. King, the Rev. Canon Thomas O'Reilly, the Rev. Messrs. G. N. Woodd, G. E. Turner, E. Rogers, Edward Smith, J Elder, T. Horton, H. Tingcombe, J. S. Hassall, T. H. Wilkinson, G. King, C. F. D. Priddle, A. H. Stephen, Elijah Smith, H. A. Palmer, I. Donkin, H. S. King, S Fox, T. Hayden, J. A. Burke, W. Allworth, C. H. Rich, P. J. Smith, J. Carter, G. H. Moreton, T. W. Unwin, S. Mitchell, W. Lumsdaine, J. T. Schleicher, G. Gurney, T. Kemmis, T. Smith, G. E. C. Stiles, J. C, Corlette (Precentor of the Cathedral), R. W. Young, E. M. Saliniere, F. R. S. Bailey, J Barnier, C. F. Garnsey, J. Ross, William Wood, W. C. C B. Cave, H H. Britten. William J. Gunther, Z. Barry, J. Vaughan, J. R. Blomfield, J. H. Rowsell, James Stack, G. Middleton, J. Dart, W. J. M. Hillyar, J. Pendrill, J. K. Tucker, W Scott (Warden of St. Paul's College), W. Creeny, and W. H. Roberts, of the Diocese of Sydney. Of the diocese of Newcastle the following clergymen were present :-The Rev. Messrs. F. W. Adams, A. Glennie, Blackwood, F. R. Kemp, A. E. Selwyn, S.: Hungerford, L. Tyrrell, J. R. Thackeray, F.D. Bode, Charles Walsh, and - Millard. Of the diocese of Goulburn the following clergymen were present:-The Rev. Messrs. T. Druitt, A. Soares, R. Leigh, and C J. Byng. The appearance of the interior during the services was very striking, the multitude of worshippers, and occasional bursts of music having; a most impressive effect. Mr. Montague Younger presided at the organ, and, it is almost needless to say, did full justice to the remarkable powers of that instrument. The chanting was excellent; indeed the entire service appeared to give very great satisfaction to all present, many of whom had never before seen the interior of St. Andrew's. There was a Cathedral Service in the evening, at which the Bishop of Adelaide preached. on this occasion "there was also a very large congregation, the public (as in the morning being admitted by tickets, so as to ensure perfect; order, and to prevent the church from being dangerously overcrowded. At this service the prees and responses were by Tnllie, the Psalms, 147 and 148, Gregorian, 5th one, third ending ; the 149th Psalm, also Gregorian, 8th tons, first ending; and the 150th Psalm, to a chant by Pelham Humphrey. The Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis were by King in F, the creed by John Goss and the Anthem-" Lord for thy tender mercies' sake," by Far rant. The hymns were, " The Son of God goes forth to war" (Dr. L. Mason), and "The strain of praiseth Introit. 