Impostors. f From the Herald .1 Every one will appreciate tho good sonso of tlio committco of St. Mary's in refusing to sharo in tho plundor of ' tho Count.' Whore property can hn distinctly traced to theft it should bo renounced bv all who proross to inculcate tho principles of moralitv Restitution is n duty not always so clearly con, pre*' bonded by individuals and corporations as tho strict interpretation of duty would demand. It would bo however too creat to imnosc mmn tlio ? require a pursuit through all the threads of ae'ni. sition to its ultimate source, and to separate ''tbo p oduce of honest labor from tho gains of chicanery and fraud. It is, however, a healthy thing for every combination of people to feel that the-o is a stain on their reputation if that which constitutes their con vemcncc and comfort can bo traccd distinctly to tlm spurious liberality of a robber. As to being imposed upon - this is a common lot There nro somo peonlo who are very wise in their generation, and who aro never cheated because thoy never trust. Suspeetine overy one, thoy are novcr astonished bv dishonesty nnd their confidence is not abused because it is placed nowhero but in themselves. They rely upon deeds ? and strong boxes— upon Chubb and Bramnh Tho rogues, however, arc somotiincB to clever and dcceivo them with false signatures, and, by tho variety of their mcehanicnl forces, and tho skill and perse, veranco with which they apply them, frustrate all bolts and bars. But tbo sullcrcrs havo nothiiiK to accuse themselves of in these affairs ' Believo every man to bo a rogue until you provo him to bo hone t, and require such proofs as shall never l o completed till lie i3 dead!' Such is their creoil. IJilic is anotliei section of people who are careless and another who are genorous. Somo aro too lazv to watch, and take thoir chance of lifo; others aro too kind to believe that all aro and that everything is dceeit. They often discover that tho cxper mcnt ot tho past is of little avail for tho future. A thousand tiirouts of brass inspired by iron lungs,' to use a metaphor cf Virgil, would be in. sufficient to proclaim the varieties of fiand and tho failures of precautions ajainst it. It is difficult to seo whethci mankind would bo most corrupted or bene- ' fitted by a dictionary ef tbo forms of fraud. Tho higbost ingenuity ia employed in contriving 'tlecep. tion. An amount of labour is often bestowed which would bo sufficient to procure far moro than the fiuits of misdirected ingenuity. Divided into in numerable t ranches, there are persons who occasion ally or constantly devoto themselves to theso pursuits and by powers of observation and invention, sh'ni pened by watchfulness and necessity, they acquire a nimbleness and dexterity and a ^urenees of action almost ir.crediblo to honest men. Oliver Goldsmith, in bis 'Vicar of Wakefield,' describes an old farmer nnd his daughters who were shouted every year by 0110 ingenious thief, who made it a point of honor to accomplish ibis annual foat by various devices We have bad in this colony many adventurers who have honoured distinguished families by adopiing their names, The Howards, the Cavendishes, the Villiars, nnd the De Veres have all had their represen tatives, In somo cases, no doubt, the statement of relatiorship has been ti nt ; mi -stly it lins been a mero pretence. Tlicie prevails throughout the colony an immense distrust of all dignified names, The pro fessions which people make of consanguity with tl.o great rnd mighty are received mostly wiih invincible incredulity. Yet it Is perfectly tiuc that scattered throughout the colony tlicie ara families, sonic 111 very linmble positions, net tar distant in kindredsliip from those who fill the higlie t places at homo. Not withstanding this ordinary feeling of distrust of pconle who pretend to lofty estate, there atocvory now and then marvellctis examples of dupery. Tlio scheme must he laid with son.o skill and requires tho support of some accidents. There are evidences of genuineness admitted without much distrust, by all men, because it is unavoidable- In tho wide diffusion ofa certain degree of education and laniiliaiity with tho habits and conversation of men ofiank.it is not at all an improbable thing that persons should make a tolerable imitation, nnd pass current for what they pretend to be. There nro indeed somo who prefess to be very keen in discerning tbo proofs of standing and character in their manners nnd accent ; but if such persons aro really not deceived, they form a very small portion of tho whole. ^ The dazzle of a splendid name, and a pro fusion of expense will naturally carry men very far into what is called society, unless their manners aro extremely gross, i'eoplo who escape will laugh at those who aro cheated. Such is tho nature of man j but ntter nil in sober truth there is but little credit in be ng invulnerable, or in being so aimed with habits ot distrust as to be always inaccessible. Tho progress of civilisation will naturally alter tho p:cvaiing character of those who live upon pillnco. In tho eaily s ages where police aro scarce and where men are rough nnd coarse in their modes of life, tho dishonest tiiko to the roads. 'Stand and deliver' is the hold nnd irr Bistible demand. Win n wo tuin to the annual register of even the last century wo find that the crime of highway was one of the most com inon, nnd that it was for many years pursued with «reat stieccss. Parts of England seem to have been almost as insecure as in the timo of Richard Ccour do Leon. But theso crimes aro no longer common, ani wiil probably be has so hereafter. Tbo ' Chevaliers d'industi io,' as they arc called in France, turned out their horses nnd enteied on a difl'i rent lino — 1 o longir with I ratal force and blunderbuss, or ill large ganes of combined ruffianism— but with tbo order and regularity of a commercial firm. Recently in England it appears that a society existed for tbo spec'fic object of cheating. Agents have been dis patched in vari- u- quarters, and a co-operative system c.irried rn by moans of correspondence and agcueies traversirgthe kingdom. Thus, if money bo wanting to meet a d.flieulty, it is supplied ; if goods icquiro to , be transferred from place to placo, tlioro are parties to receive mil dispose them. Tho principal dango: is that some 0110 in Iho scliemo may betiay tho rost. This is probably prevented as far as possible by the chiefs in the direction confiding as littlo as possiblo in inferior agents. Besides these schemes there are Others which violate no law. Persons combining to ' raise the wind ' not with the direct oLjeet of fraud but to support each other's credit, have ilieir own council chamber ; meet and discuss their own paper; support the weak and uphold tho ciedit of the con federation by tho nitifices of a bank parluor. Wo must expect these forms of fiaud, or contrivances bordering upon it, as the result of that vast sommor. eial system which includes all iutrrests and compre hends the transactions of all nations. A Brave Ycuno Laut. — For some timo pasfi says the ' Launeeston Examiner,' of the 1st of August, the gentlemen residing in 0110 of the disti icts w ar Liverpool havo had their promises frequently visiicd by thievos, whose sole object secins to have been to steal tho fowls which the gentlemen keep. Between 9 and 10 o'clock on n recent day, the niece cf Mr Eastwood was in her uncle's houso alone, the seiyant having 1 ft on somo orrand ; sbo was startled by hearing tbo 0 ekling of fo«lsin the hen-peu in tlio garden, nr.d on looking through tho window saw two men in tho ' run,' which is enclosed by wirowork. Thero were two pistols 011 the chimney pieco, onoof which was loaded wiih small shot, and was alr- ady cappod. The loaded one she took down, and, aimed with this formidable weapor, wont into the garden to j attaok tho two thieves. They were both in tho ' ruD,' nnd one of thoin had a duck under each arm. Sho immediately placed tho barrel of the pistol through tho wirewoi k, aimed ot tho lower part ol the mat's body, and discharged tho weapon. The man uttcrod a cry ol pain, dropped tho birds, and, with the assis tance of his companion, climbed over tho gardon wall into a field, and escaped, Esoai'K of Prisoners prom Alrory Gaol.— On Tuesday last (says tho ' Banner') a daring oscapo from tho Albury gaol was mado by two prisoners, named respectively JoliuEvoritt nnd Thomas Chapman, but ns the attempt was inndo in broad daylight, about half-past 3 o'clock, the mon had a very poor clianco of getting clear of pursuit. I11 fact they were almost immediately captnrcd by two goutlomcn who woro passing at tho time, Mr North and Mr J.Wyso. It appears that tho mon, who wero emploped in cutting / wood, simultaneously mado a rush towards tbo gar den wall, and having jumped it, made oil at a great pace for the hill in tho rear of the gaol, 0110 of tho wardors following in pursuit. The prisoner Evcritt 011 being stopped by Sir North, who was on horse back, succeeded in getting away again and bolted off across a paddock but boing met 011 tho otlior sido by his pursuer, who had ridden round tho feneo, gavo himself up and roturned to the gaol Information as to tho whereabouts of tho other man (Chapman) was givon by tveritt, anil Mr Wyse followed him up ami found liim concealed in a pigstyo. An examination of the prisoners took plnco 011 Wednesday anu Thursday at tho gaol, before tho.Polico MagistratCi and tho men wero committed for trial at tho next Albury Quarter Sessions. This attempt at escape affords anothor proof of tho insecurity of tho Albury gaol, and of tho urgent necessity which exists tor having a wall built round tho promises as soon w poasibloi ITnp Mock Oount.-TI.c Brisbane Connor of tri nrsilnv Inst contains the following paragraph : - « Vi U nrctty woll knovm that tho illustrious st. anger I 1 nti' Iv honoured our poor city with Ins presence lii tho stylo, title, and dignity »f the Coi.nt von IT , ' h the individual who, in our Sydney telegram S Luv was said to have obtained large nd ^'sin that city, on fictitious papers. We are to sav that he managed, during his short stay K? £? walk into the good graces of somo of our c.ti 1 nnd to make rather heavy drafts on heir bank lis countslnp, it will 1)0 remembered, left Brisbane in tlint renowned craft the Hamlet's Ghost, tlio history of which vessel ought to be written some , 5 . md ho Ims last been beard of at Cleveland It V ' A warrant is out for his apprehension, anil . Imvu been dispatelied overla' d from Port Inn to sccnro liiin if possible beforo bo makes a teont on our friends in Ratavia Wo failed to See the Count as ho deserved when bo was in f |,„„o, but should be visit us again, especially I '.? t]„. order which tho Slienff ol Queensland Aires to confer upon him on bis breast and Mr Sey nnr'a dccoration at Ins wrist, we shall endeavour to make amends for Our formor neglect of Son Altcsse.' Important Discovery.— ?omo time back thero ii wis discovered ill the vicinity of Rylstono a ?quantity of (vrier worn denosits of n red colour, in granular mrlicK'1 intermixed with ininlitu debris or quartz, i icliist soil other rocks. Tho weight of tbo deposits ? ' Mto'the inference that tlicy contained metnl, but bfVoml innkiiiR ' collection of them, nothing wa s A sample of tho colleclion, however, found its 'i 'wav to Sydney about a month or so back, anil upon ! 'hcin' placed in tlio hands ofa chemist, that gentle ! mnn'afi' plying the usual tests. declared it to be j .cii,nabr.r, or Wnnlphnrut of mercury Upon this being ?asuertnineil, a party of men wna sent up to the spot ?where tlio alluvial deposits have been found, with in -struotions lo soirch for the vein whence these red 'particles burl come. After a time the search was suc .cif/ful anil the loile of the metal was found. At the -present time, nothing Ims been done beyond open inf lira lode, where it shows about fourteen inchc3 thick, the einuabar mixed witn quaitz debris I 'lyiiiff ' 'between bands of recently do | ipniiffcd nnfi -easily solnblo pipeclay ol a I yellow color. No drive has yet been put in to aseer f the full size of thb lode Tlie first thing to be f doi e after really 'finding the lode was, of course, to f Beouro it to the enterprising finders, and this was v dwie by purchasing under the mineral cIaiisc of tlie I Act the section on which the mine is situated. As is (lie land has been secured to Hie discoverers, there is I' DO reason for concealing that the Fpnt whore tho lode hmbeen opened is situated on the Cudgcgong Kivcr, about half-way between Ryktono p.nd the Oudgogong tuwnsliip. Assays of the ore have been made, and it {ins been for.nd to givo So per ci-nt. oi quicksilver. Considering the great impetus which has been given toqnTlz crushing d'ring the last twelve months, and the ;r.-atly incr ased noir.bjr of machines now at ?suit in tlie col ny. this diseoveiy cannot be regarded but as a most important one, as tlio demand for quick silver is yearly- increasing, and, with asupplv at land, quartz crushing proceedings will be greally fjcilit.ted. Samples of the cinnabar and of tiie Ver million pio.hiced from it by washing may be seen at onr oflice. — Herald. Attempt at Murder. — Considerable surpiiso was felt on Tuesday evening last, snys the 1 Tninxvorth . fimminer ' ot Saturday, when it became known that (hquarrdl bad tnken piace between two Chinamen, at Lawrence's inn, Tamwoith, nnd rosulted in one of Item boing so seriously a abhed that his life was H thought to be in dangei . The facts of the caso, so 3 far as we have been able to learn tliein, are as w follows: — It appears that on the niglit in question, a @ Chinaman, named Pat Iliggins, was playing a game a of dominoes with a countryman of his, named Gcorgo. 9g inn room in Airs. Lawrence's inn, anil during the g progress of tlio game, (ho latter accused the former of B cheating. High words ensued, and a challenge to go ra into the yard and settle the matter in a stand up SI fight was given ai.d accepted, and Imth proceeded to i the rca- with the intention r.f having it out. Prior 8 to leaving tho rcom, however, it is reported that B| George— who, by the way, was engaged as 'cook at B the inn — was seen to take a knife from his pockot, 8 but this is not certain. On getting into tbo yard H they faced each other in orthodox manner, but before jji much barm was done by either, Iliggins found liiin H -sell. stabbc.l in the stomach under tlio lower rib on SI the left side, the wound penetrating deep, but whether 9 tlie intestines weio touched or not wc have not been B able to ascertain. The p lico were acquainted of the H circumstances, and thoy at once arrested George, anil Hj anutlur Cninameii who was in bis company. The I wounded man was convoyed in a most critical stato to I 'the hospital, where ho was attended l yDr. Dowe, 1 who did all that was necessary, but who was by no j means certain that Iliggins would ultimately iccover gj Aec irdingly, preparations wero inadc for taking bis 9 -dung deposition, but as the victim refused to believe 1 lie was going to die, thin could not be douo. Sinco then he has progressed towards recovery, and is believed t' bo cow almost oot c.f danger.' Georgo was placed in the lock-up, and also tho man who was with him at the timo of the occurrence, who was th rged with inciting the former to commit tho deed, but tho latter has since been discharged. So soon as the injured man ia able to attend Court and give evidence, tlio caso will undergo magisterial investi gation. Found Dijad. — An old man, named Jonas Wade, in destitute circumstances, was found dead on Satur day evening, in a hut at tho back of tbo mill. West Carcoar A magisterial inquiry (says tho ' Carcoar Herald') was held before .Mr North, J P, on Monday, when it appeared deceased was 58 years of age, and bail for some timo past suffered from disease of the ?heart. Being minb.e to do hard work, lie had recen tly been employed to look after a small flock of sheep nt lilayney Since leaving Blayney, ho bail been \ -depending upon the charity of the townspeople for a 'livelihood. Or Spark gavo it as his opinion that death was caused by disease of the heart. Deceased who had no friends in tho colon}', was interred on Monday in the Church of Engand burial ground. Soaiiiiy SiiEEr.— Wo understand that two of the ship's sheep, which wero on llomlav landed in thoir cote from tho Damascus, just in from London, were found to be scabby. They were at oneu taken on lionril by the captain and destroyed ; but ho will, nevertheless be preceded against for the £100 penalty | which he lias incurred. This is now the second lot of scabby sheep which have arrived from England within the last eight or ten months, and it shows the necessity for vigilanco on the part of tho Sheep Inspector. To avoid the risk of shipping infected ^heepin future, wo would strongly impress upon captains and agents the necessity of adopting tho suggestion made by tho Clii.'f Inspector on the occasion of the last importation of this description, of having all sheep, whether for ships' uso or as cargo, examined by Biuno compctont person beforo boiug put on board- By this means not on'.y would wo bo need from the lisk attending the bringing of scabby flhcop to our ports, but captains would be saved from the trouble and annoyance of such prosecutions as the piesent. In this instanco theie wns no valuable stud aheepon board, but there wero on tho last, which had totic qiiiaiitiiied for six months, and frequently dressed at a heavy expense to their owner ; and if, as has been said, these stud sheep were infected by tho ship's sheep, it becomes shipowners and captains to be cspeqially careful, for their own aakes, that the sheep tlicy puton board lor killing are clean, othorwiso the character of thoir vossels for tho conveyance of live stock must suffer.— 'Herald,' Shocking Accident. — On Monday afternoon, an accident of a very shocking character befel n stono niasuu, named Joseph Scott, at Green wich Bay, North lore, lie was assisting, with others, to placo a stone weighing about two tons, into a bar^e lying near tho wharf Tho stone was hoised somo distanco Irom tbo ground by means of a crane, and was being lauled over in tho direction of tho boat, wlion somo j ortion of tho tackling gavo way. Tho stono swung ck, aim struck Scott on' tho legs with tremendous ,,,«?? °'' I'8 thighs wore broken and one of ns logs was also brokon below tho knoo; and ho was J0 o'hcrwiso injured. Ho was soon afterwards 'relight ove r to Sydney and taken to tbo Infirmary. I n»fo?, n ,, 10ur last evening, ho was progressing ^ stanceT— ? lh3llSij°»U^ ^ oxl)octo^ un(i01' 'ho circum tlin n'!,',10 Application having beon mndo to fnllmvi bjilucation, for tho conversion of tho ti 1 1- '[8 certified Denominational school into n emM.il-ii,0 i00 necossary stops will bo taken to will, ii l''° 08 a Public school, in accoidanco O, ''- ProyiBion. of Act 30 Victoria No, 22: ^un aj *.ng_( Wesloyn ii). tbflkMm U. »lff-0VEKY 0l' A Btoien IIoiibe — At ltushfn , 01100 C, urt' 0,1 Monday last, Denis bono ii,! WHB *Jrou^llt «P- charged with atonling n I'llin, 'f Daniel «'^--ts. of O'Connoll fio-nuwYnt ? dlSG0VtJI'y of tho robbciy was ofa Wailo wn,nMrg('! lar cli«r»cter.. Mr Uoborts and Mr horses wli ^ togothor in tho bush, looking ror Wnttur If I y 'oross tho imrso tlio subject olaiined tbn 1,'n cba,'K° . «8'inst Uusbford. Both ai.iiaul iinr? hi i ,lt calnu 0,,t at la9t ''at the i 'ai1 bocn sold to Wado by tbo prisoner. ' Tub Last Vtle IIelto or the Uuukr and Hare ' rnAGEDlK-» — Thu ' Sincjloton Times * of Wc(lno? !av 'venrds tho of .'lion --i1ns--po(»lo, ho nanim ur ot the infamous Burke, of Kdinbui^h, Thu aliovo journil reports that — An inquest was held on Monday, the 1 0th inst.int heforu the district coroner, Or. Gli- nuic. on view of tho body of an aired woman, known ns Ellen (4lnsspooIe, who win burned to death in her hut on Saturday last The above creature wag we believe, the last rnnmining viio r- lie con neeted with the infamous Durkc and Hare trniredu'S fhat horrified fCdinhuryb, tho s^enc of these vifliarin' wholesale bir.chorics, a .d indued the civilised world, some forty years aero. A* paramour of lUi-ke— who expintcd his revolting crimes upon tlie scaffold — she participated in those barbarities that have never been heard recited without a shudder. The law, lu-wever, in dealing; mercifully with 'he ' woakt-** vessel,'* sen tenced Khcn Stuw.i t nlins I\1 Dougdl to penal servitude for hfe In 1S30, sho was assigned to tlie service of tho late Mr Joseph Sintrleton. and she has remained in this district since. During this time sho captivated somebody who bestowed upon her the name of (-Jlasspoolo, and whotn apparently ahe baa lon£ survived. She had repeatedly been admoui-hed at our police court on account of her iiikins? a diappiu too much, on which occasions she usually pleaded, in extenuation, her great »ge. That generous institu tion of t ura, tho BunevoIe:.t Asylum, suppli' d her from time to timo with the necessaries of (ifj, and her 4- medical eonifirts wero made up by Appealing to the coach passengers, who were fiuind about Cnllen'a corner, reiving mostly for success in the statein *nt that her ago was ' 10-t the next Sunday,' but which, we believe, v/aa a simple mi.-c ilculation of some twenty or thirty years, Ciom the evidence adduced at tho inquest, wliich was held at tho poor wretched woman's hut, near Rix's C reek, but adjourned to Houston's Railway Hotel, it appears that sho hud been too free with some favourite bo* ties bIic had in stock, and foil avict-m to them, an appears from the evidence ofthe witnesses at the inqiro.s% as follows:— John Glover deposed : I am a labourer, and reside at Singleton ; on Saturday morning, the 8th instnn', I was passing tho residence of tho dcc*'as :d, Ellen Glasspoolu, about3 miles fromSingloton I heard B«me one groaning ; 1 went and looked in at the door, and saw the deceased lying by the side of the fire ; her clothes were nearty burnt off her; sho was insensi bio ; 'be fire was nearly burnt out; I callcd a man who was with a team near the placo. and he drew her away from the-fire; I then l^ft, and camc into Sin gleton; 1 mot tho R«:v Mr Ltne on the road, and : informed him of the circumstance.— George Lane deposed: jam a Wesleynn minister and rus.de at S-nglt ton ; on Saturday afternoon, I v/as out driving, and met tlie last witness who told mc that the oxl woman living in the hut beside tho road bad falkn into the fire; I wen* to the [dace and found deceased, Ellen Glasspoole lying on the floor, bar clothes wero nearly burnt off her; she was insen^ibl', but appeared in pain ; I placed a pillow under her head, and threw a blanket over her; I obseived a stool, which I con clude she had necn sitting on, half burnt in tho fire; I I went a sboit distance further to inform a neighbor, ? and when 1 returned she was dead 5 there was a bottle in tho hut with some spirits in it, and I found ; the smell of spirits in evcral other bottl s The jury returned the following verdict: — 8 Ellen Glassp-n li camc to her death by injuries received from falling into the fire,' Outk.-.oe — From a co-respondent who has recMitly been at Frai.k.in Harbour, the ' South Australian Advertiser ' has received particulars of an abomina ble outrage upon n shepherd's wife by a blank bearing the name of Nebbuty, known as a true native bush ranger ft appears the shepherd was going over the run with Mr MMCer.zie ovorseer to Dr. M'Kocknie, and during their absence the native came to the hut, about 10 o'clock in the forenoon, and peremptorily demanded 4t tucker.' which the woman refused. The savage still hung about the place, the -voiiian watch ing him till sho supposed he had [-one. but about 2 o'clock he suddenly made his appcarence, and taking hor unawares as she was sitting sowing thrust a : spear into tier, the poor woman's life being saved by the weapon finding a lodgment in the bod)' of an unsorn child. Sne thou pulled out the spear, and the native c/rmc on again to kill her with a waddy, but bis intended victim seizing a gun, tlie miscreant ran away. About 4 o'clock the shepherd returned, and 011 learning what had happened rode twenty miles to the head station for Dr. M Ivechnic who, without delay, returned with the shepherd, and paid e\ory attention to tiie sufferer. The Tun-mile Rush Mohdeu.— On the I4th inst.. according to tho 4 Burrangong Argus,' William Morao, charged with the above murder, was brought up belorc the Bench at Young; when the following evidence was t»»k -n, and the pi isoncr again remanded : — Senior-constable (Jotter, sworn, deposed: I am at present stationed atTucna; I was stationed at Young in thomonth of February, 1S67 ; on the morning t i th. 27 tu of that month, in consequence of information received from David Taylor, I went to his farm a! Bullock Creek, near t\:o Tun mile ; about a mile west from the farm Taylor showed mc in a gully, the charred remains of a human bod) ; they were lying amongst somo burnt wood ; there was no skin or flesh that was not scorched, except that of the head j I examined the skull, and saw on one side of it (I think the left) about a square inch of bone, which appeared as if driven in by a blow, apparently from the head of a shingling hammer ; I searched the neighborhood, and found an old shaft covered with sticks, in which were an old Knglish made saddle and a bridle 5 tho saddle had on it two stirnip-loathcrs. ono of which was new {'articles produced) ; tlio car. tie end of the saddlo wan saturated with blood, as also the near flap; tho saddlo was a little scorched; I was present at the post-mnrtrm examination by Dr. Temple ; I saw the skull which I produce taken off ; the doctor took possession of it at the time; I found also some articles of clothing (produced); there wero a pair of boots and a hat ; tho boots were about half-worn, and the hat was perfect, and the charred remains of a poncho, or monkey jacket, and socks ; the feet of tho dcccased were partly burnt ; a magisterial inquiry was held by Mr Macarthur, who returned a verdict, of ' wilful murder by some person or persons unknown ;' Near the placet saw a small sheet of bark which had been stripped from a tree close by; a damper appeared to have been made 011 it; it looked as though stripped with a tomahawk; I found no tomahawk ; the saddlo was about twenty yards from the remains; the remains were in a state of putrefaction; tho postmortem examination was held upon the spot ; the evidence was taken at Taylor's* Dr Temple, sworn, said : I am a legally qualified medical practitioner residing at Young; I held a post-mortem examination on either the 27th of January or February, 18G7, at a placc abont^ half a mile from Taylor's on somo human remains, in a charred and decomposed stato; they were tho remains of a man ; ho might have been about sixty years of age ; thero was grey hair on tho skull; 1 found a fracture on the vertex of the skull, 011 the left side of the parietal bone, about three quarter.* of an inch Fquare, from which two other fractures ran. one outwards and downwards, traversing the squamous p -rtion of the temple bone; the other backwards and downwards, through tho occipital hone 011 tho same side; I should .say the wound was pro.luced by somo ii.s'nimciit like tho hack of a shingling hammer j the wound would be suflicient to cause death ; I am of opinion that it was given dining the lifetime of deceased, in const-qucnce of the amount ot contused blood under the scalp ; the remains appeared to bo those of a person about 5 fee'. G inches in height ; tho skull produced is thecnol took off; there is a remakablj dent in tho leftside of the forehead, which appears to havo been made some ye rs j tho scar must have been discernible in life; the dent penetrates ihe skull like an old fracture healed tip; thore could have been no hair growing over the scar; it would bo impossible for the deceased to have inflicted tho fatal wound himself. Supposed TVi-omxo nY Stkyciinine.— The Tumut carrespondcpt of the ''Gundagai Times'' gives the following accoun: of a caso of poisoning in that locality : — Tho inhabitants of our lowuship were much grieved and astonished on tho afternoon of Fridat , tho 7th instant, by the announcement of tho very sudden and nivfltoriuus death ot Mr Lacy, of Gocup. The shock was rendered greater by tho fact that Air Lacy had been in town all the forenoon, apparently in his usual health, had dined at the Beehive Hotel, and had only lelt for homo about 2 o'clock. He reached a sht ep station about a milo from Gocup when he was taken til, and it soon became apparent I10 was dying. A messenger was despatched to Tumut, aud Dr Lyons, ofGundagai, who was at once telegraphed for, promptly attended. He arrived too late to bo of service to the sufferer, however, as Mr Lacy breathed his last in less than an hour after the first symptoms of illness ^manifested themselves Mr Lacy was unmarried, and, bad he lived, would have been 39 years of ago 011 the 10th instant. On Saturday morning MrVyner, P.M.. held an inquiry at Gocup House, us to tho cause of the death of the deceased. At tho conclusion of tho inquiry, Mr Vyner, having road tho evidence, obsorved that it appeared to him beyond a doubt that deceased died from poisoning by strychnine. He did not feel it necessary to make any remarks or to take any action in tho matter beyond the usual course of forwarding tho depositions to tho Attorney Goncrali Burning cp a Hut.— Last week a firo occurred at the Little Plain, one of the ont-statmns belonging to Messrs Brooks, Brothers, of Gegc'-zerick It appears (as stated in tho ' M'*naro Meicury *) that the inmates of the hut— Mr and .Mrs Jamiosnn. and Mr nnd Airs Clarke — had retirud to rest, and in coti^cq- ienco of somo member of the family being unw-lt, it whs deemed necessary to keep a cundle burning in Mr Clarke's chamber. Tho household had apparently been asleep for s» me time, when, toitUmitiJv, Mrs Jamieson nwokcand discovered the bed curtains in Mr Clarke's room to bo on fire. Sho immediately aroused tho sleepers, who had scarcely timo to escape without securing even their weaiing nppnre.l bef re the placo was enveloped in flame Asa matter of course all efforts to save the hut weio fruitless, aud in the course ofa very short time it was burnt completrly to the grcntid ; so rapid was tbo progress of the devouring clement that not a single a'tie'e could bo rescued. The ui fortu* a^e people wore obliged to remain in the open air, almost in a state of nudity, or some hours, till assistance could be pro cured to convey them to the neare.-t homestead j thy hitter cold nights now preva ling rendered this a case of great pain. It was i. deed a very fortunate, circum stance that Mrs Jamieson awoke, for had sho not done so, the probabilities are that one or more of the family would have perished in the fiimes. 