A CHURCHYARD GHOST. At the Southward Police-court, on Friday, James Jones, a young fellow about nineteen years of age, was charged with creating a disturbance near Bermondsey Church, and assaulting a constable in the execution of his duty. Police constable 138 M said that on the previous night he was on duty in Abbey- street, near Bermondsey Church, when he saw a mob of several hundred peo- ple congregated by the church walls, shout- ing and making the most discordant noises. He endeavored to disperse them; but the prisoner, who seemed the most active of the lot jumped on the railings, and called out, "Don't go! There it is again; there's the ghost." The mob commenced shouting, and as the prisoner refused to come off the rail- ings, he pulled him down, and told him to go away quietly. Instead of doing so he knocked witness's helmet off, and so mis- conducted himself that he was compelled to take him into custody. The prisoner said he was a hard-working young man, and, having heard there was a ghost in Bermond- sey churchyard, as soon as he left his employment at night he went to see what it was like. He certainly was on the railings when the constable pulled him off and kicked him. He was however, very sorry if he assaulted the officer. He had no intention of doing so. Mr. Burcham asked what was meant by this ghost story. Inspector Manson informed his worship that a few days ago a dead body was picked out of the river, and con- veyed in a shell to the dead house adjoining the church, to await the coroner's inquest. some boys in the neighbourhood at night got up a cry of "A ghost in the church- yard!" and since then thousands of people assembled there nightly, creating the ut- most disturbance. The clergy and parish officials did all they could to disperse the crowds, and failing to do so, the police were called, and they had great difficulty in preserving the peace. Mr. Burcham ex- pressed his surprise that in the 19th cen- tury, when education was making such pro- gress among the people, 2,000 should be found to be so superstitious as to surround Bermondsey churchyard for hours on the chance of seeing a ghost. It was really ridi- culous. He asked the prisoner how he ob- tained his livelihood. The prisoner said he worked in a tanyard, and he could assure his worship that he had no intention of as- saulting the constable. All he wanted was to see the ghost. Mr. Burcham told him he was quite old enough to know better. He had committed an assault on the constable, and, as a caution to him for the future, he ordered him to pay a fine of 2s. or one day's imprisonment. 