THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. VISITATION OF THE CLERGY. Tuesday. 4th Avoust. Tub visitation of the clergy of the Church of England within the diooese of Sydney took placo on Tuesday, at (he Parochial Church of St. Andrew (adjoining to the new Cathedral), end waa very numerously attended. Several clergymen, unable to attend from illness or other urgent causes, sent letters or messages in explanation of their involuntary absence. Morning prayer was said by the Rev. Thomas O'Reilly (the clergyman at present in charge of St. Andrew's Church), Mr. Younger officiating as organist. The Bishop of Sydney and Dean Cowper occupied tho nortb side or tno attar, the Jlisnop s chaplain (the Jvcv. it. L. King) bring placed in one of the corresponding scats on tbe southern aide. There waa a large congregation, composed of the laity and of clergymen from the adja ccntdiocescs of Newcastle and Goulburn. Morning prayer having been concluded, the Very ltev. the Dean of Sydney aBccndcd the pulpit, and preached the Visitation Sermon, taking biB text from Acts xx. 28, ' Take heed tnereforo unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of Goa, winch he hath purchased with his own blood.' TBE VISITATION SERMON. The Dean op Sydney began his discourse (almost ex clusively diiectod to the clergy) by inviting the attention of his reverend brethren to the remarkable condensation of Apostolical dctrino which waa act forth in bis text, com bined, as it was, with a terse and yet most comprehensive direction for the guidance of pastors in the ministry of tho Church. In no other passage of tho New Testament would be found n more solemn admonition as to the nature of their special duties, as to the responsibilities of their sacred offioc, and as to the weighty reasons why those responsibilities should ever be Kept steadfastly before them. It was a passage not less full of instruction and of warning than of auo encouragement. The three principal topics which pre sented themselves were — 1. The office assigned to them as ministers of Christ ; 2. The nature of the duties incumbent upon (hem as surh ministers ; and 3. Their awful respon sibility for the proper dischargoof those dutiee. They would remember that these words were part of a charge dolivered by tho Apostle St. Paul to the presbyters of the Church of Kphcsus, whom he had sent for to Miletus, where he com mended the members of the Ephesian Church to their especial care aB elders and overseers appointed in that dciuuj. V lit] wrui jTCtiuuierui ciaeraj Buanputspn ;or overseen) were, as they all knew, then applied to one and the same office ;— to those duly ordained persons who had comparatively email or local charges ; it not being until some years later that, as the numbers and organisation of the Christian Church increased, the name of ' Episcopos,' or overseer, came to bo exclusively applied to that Chief Presbyter, whose duty it peculiarly was to ordain to the ministry, and to regulate tho general affairs of the Church. From a consideration of the meaning of these two names, as applied to the clergy cf Eplicsus assembled by St. Paul at Miletus, the Dean took occasion to insist upon tho significance of the tcim 'overseer' (when applied to the presbyters in its original end restricted sense), signing that it forcibly implied all the heavy responsibilities which were inse parable from their office, the nature and duties of which were ably and exactly described, Vigilanoe, promptitude, and activity were all required from the overseers of Christ's flock, who ought to be at all times ready to manifest the gravity, discrimination, and forbearance to be expected from maturer years. As to the specific nature of the duties incumbent upon them as teachers and spiritual pastors, it waa evident that they were bound to qualify themselves to teach before they could hope to teach others ; and they, therefore, ought to so direct their studies that, by their life and doctrine, they might throughout their life set forth the true and living Word. Their lives must be en example, upholding the precepts which they strove to inculcate, for, as St. Gregory Nazianzen said, ' We must first be purified ourselves, and then we may, perhaps, be able to purify others.' This antecedent necessity was the teaching of that ancient father ; but it had a for higher sanction, for it wob the doctrine of our Blessed Lord him self. There must be personal religion and continual growth in grace in the ministers themselves, If they were to witness any material improvement in those who were placed under their charge. As shepherds appointed to oversee their re ►pective flock, all that were such a shepherd's charge should ever he the object of a most earnest and unceasing care. To use those emphatic words with which they were all familiar he would say to them — 'Consider with yourselves the end of your ministry towards the children of God, towards the spouse end body of Christ; and see that you never cease your labour, your care, and diligence, until vou have done all that lieth in you, according to your bounden duty, to bring all such as are or shall be com mitted te'your charge unto that agreement in the faith and knowledge of God, and to that ripeness and perfectness of age in Christ, that there he no place left amongst you, either for error in religion or for viciousness in life.' The Dean then insisted upon the dnty of the clergy to form themselves as far as possible after the great and spotless exemple of Christ, the . Incarnate God, the sole mediator between God and man, the head over all things to tbe Church, in this world and in the life to como. By public and private teaching, and by their example at all limes, the especial duty and privilege of the clergy was constantly to uphold the great doctrines of Christianity before tbe people, and in no way was there a more im portant mode in which that beneficial influence would be exercised than by preaching, God's ordinance for the edification of the Church. Herbert, Erasmus, Thorndike, and the judicious Hooker were severally cited to prove the excellence and the importance of preaching as a means of edification, and tho dne influence of the pulpit was simply and ably vindicated flam the superficial sneers of modern scepticism. The Dean, at the some time; warned his rev. brethren that they ought caretiilly to adapt their sermons to the differently constituted minds of their hearers ; not confining then observations to any ono class of persons, or individuals known to be influenced by any one school of thought. Under the third head of his discourse the rev. preacher dwelt; an solemn and affecting language, upon the responsibilities of tbe clerical offioc — of all such as were called upon to be the spiritual pastors of that flock who had been bought with Christ's blood,—' the Church of God which Ho had purchased with His own blood.' Those were winds of the deepest gravity and import, for how precious nmBt not that Church be which had been purchased with tbe blood of Christ, God Incarnate— the Divine Son of the Eternal God. Their commission, as preachers of the Void, end as stewards of the Mysteries of God, was derived from the Holy Trinity, and they were bound ever to discharge it, with a serious sense of its weighty re sponsibility, mindful of the fact that tbey would have to answer to God for the way in which they might discharge their duly. Tbe Dean then left the pulpit, and having re-entered the chancel directed the Registrar (Mr. 'William Barker) to call over the names of the licensed clergymen of the Diocese of Sydney. This was accordingly done by tho Registrar in the usual form and responded to by the clergy. THE BISHOP 6 CHARGE. The Bishop then delivered his charge to his reverend brethren, explaining that be had arranged to hold this visitation at a time when he thought it would not be in convenient. Since the previous visitation the diocese of Goulburn had been formed, with most happy results, the cause of religion, education, and the interests of the Church having received a great impulse by the appointment of his right lev. brother the Bishop of Goulburn. The zeal and energy ol' the clergy had thereby been stimulated, and tho organisation of the Church Society rendered more com plete. After an experience of thirteen years in the colony he could testify that when a good work commended itself to tho laity, neither the men nor the means were wanting to carry the design to successful issue. Provision was now being made for endowing the proposed diocese of Bathurst, and already some assistance towards the fund had been received from tho Western dis tricts. The amount at present subscribed was upwards of £7000, which, however, must bo largely increased before sn appointment could be made. The diocese of Sydney would then bo brought more within manageable limits, and portions of the colony, it was now possible only rarely to bo reached bv the fiisbop, would enjoy tho visits of tho chief pastor. 1'hev had to lament the sudden removal of tho Bishop of Grafton, and to trust that there would be raised up a faithful successor to him whom God had taken away. Our own body had lost twosenior clergy— the Rev. T. Bnssall and the 'Rev. H. B. Styles— who, although differing in their ministerial character, gave themselves to tbeir Master's work, and by their zeal and devotcdness won that best of reputations, that they wore largely esteemed for their worlrs sake. Other changes hud token plaee. Four of our clergy had returned to England, and, though prepared for some of these re movals, they were not the less to be regretted. The Rev. E._ Syngo (formerly bishop's chaplain) was now labouring among a large population in the North of England. Tno -Rev. IV. Hodgson, late Principal of Moore College, had also returned, after a twelve years' residence in tho colony, having during that time, by valu able labours, contributed largely to the body of the clergy. Sixteen clergymen, trained under hie guidance, were now labouring with acceptance in t his colony, and twenty-five in othor parts of Australia. Tho address presented to him on his departure truly represented tbe feelings and opinions of those who had an opportunity of forming a judgment of him, and concerning hiswork. 'While regret was felton account of his departure, thore was ground for thankfulness that his place had been supplied by the Rev. R. L. King. There were at present ten students in the college, of whom six were for the diooese of Sydney. The third session of tho Synod was now about to be opened, and he might say he was quite satisfied with ite constitution and mode of operation, feeling assured that the Church did right in ob taining the sanction of the Legislature to the method they had adopted of managing their own affairs. As to the character and position of ministera as members of Christ's Church and clergy of the United Church of England and Ireland, the rev. prelate observed that at present there were two rival theories, exhibiting snch a wide and irre concilable difference that it was impossible for a person to maintain them both ad truo, or to harmonise them. Those who held the first sought to restore the Churoh to ite posi tion before the Reformation, and the supporters of tho second desired to carry out the views and intention of the Refoimera. The Bishop of London was quoted in reference to the first, and the BiBhop of Carlisle and others on the second theory, with explanatory oomments, it being consi dered nooessary to deal with this point (con tinued his lordship) as the questions agitating tho Church at home turned ohiofly on the character and position of the preshyteiy, who by tho providence and appointment of God had been set apart and authorised to preach tbe Gospel. There seemed no higher and holier office then tin's. About (be time of the appearance of No, 90 of the ' Tracts for the Times ' there was an endeavour to take the Church back to Uomc, and during iho last few years the attempt had been renewed, and was now carried on with such persistency and boldness as to be done in defiance of the admonition of bishops and the de cisions of tbe Houses of Convocation, and apparently only to be restrained by the interference of tho .law. This matter was noticed chiefly for the sake of observing that it was our duly to keep within the limits of that usago which the general practice of the Church of England hod sanctioned for the lest throe hundred years, eschewing the use of vestments, incense, and other things not so sanc tiomd, and such a construction and decoration of the com munion tabic as would convert it into an altar — a term not known in the formularies of tho Church of England. The rev. prelnto exhorted his brethren to give no counte nance to there things, and said he was determined to upheld that grave and decent order with which the ecrvioes of the Church were conducted in this diocese. Their position was that of ministers of the Reformed Protestant Church, and in case of doubt or difficulty they were bound to fail back upon the views of the Martyr Confessors of the Reforma tion, to whom they owed a fur deeper feeling of reverence than was due to any guideB the Cburch hod had since the days of the Apostles. The Book of Common Prayer was the Manual of Public 'Worship, and there was no authority to alter or depart from it. Much scandal had arisen to the prejudice of the colonial Church in regard to the conduct of tho Bishop of Natal, and the failure of the proceedings token against him ; hut the publication of his heresies in England would probably enable the authorities to deal more decisively with his case. It was to be hoped that he would be brought to trial for hie heretical teachings; that thus so great a scandal might be removed. If the Bishops of Convocation had no legal authority to deal with him, he might be called upon to re sign by those to whose opinions ana derisions he was bound to defer; but unless moral suasion was accompanied by legal force, the moat convincing arguments were likely to be fouDd of little avail. The authority for deponing him rested with the Crows as supreme ruler of all estates end degrees, whether ecclesiastical or temporal. A prayer for unity waa greatly required. The brethren ought not to be unmindful that they were members of the United Church of England and Ireland, and should re member the Irish portion in their prayers, for evil times had come upon her. She was in danger of being sacrificed to gratify personal and political ambition. The Roman Catholic people of Ireland had no just cause of complaint against the Irish Church. Roman Catholics did not found or maintain it ; and while the proposed disendowment waa unconstitutional and dishonest; it was also a mistake. It waa a useless surrender of a Scriptural institution, with a vague hope of propitiating an implacable foe. Itwasmaking that possible which without such aid could never be accomplished. Did the Church of Rome ev-r accept articles of peace but those which gave her entire supremacy of mind, soul, and body ? That which waa granted waa always made the basis of fresh demands. No doubt, the Church in Ireland had much to answer for. It woe not exempt from that almost absolute decay which characterised religion at the close of the lost and the beginning of the present century, when it was but too commonly regarded as a political engine. It did not bear the clear full testimony of the truth of God, and the iniquities of earlier days might now be receiving a just re compmse and reward. But of late years the Irish Church had contained men distinguished for on ability, zeal, and eelf-denial not surpassed in any Church in the world, and remarkably free from those errors at present invading the Church in England. The Irish Church might be undergoing a purifying process. Endowments were not necessary ; ana while some anomalies were removed, and the spirituality and devotcdness of the clergy extended, we might, from the signs of the times, derive the consideration that the pro phetic word was in course of fulfilment, and that the be ginning of the end was drawing nigh, Turning to matters more immediately affecting the ministerial character, he re minded his brethren of their duties as to the saving of souls, quoting the words of Archbishop Leighton, who, when requested to preach for the times, said, ' Suffer one poor brother to preach for eternity.' He exhorted them to preach Christ crucified, to have confidence that God would aid them with guidance and grace, and told them to bear in mind that they were men of one book — The Book — the Bible. The rev. prelate concluded with some remarks upon tic special duties of tbeir calling. The proceedings were brought to a dose by the Bishop pronouncing the benediction. 