TIGER HUNTING IN MADRAS. (From the Musical Times, March 5th.) A party is now in! pursuit of a mighty, robber of human life, at present in possession of Sir Nuuall Pass, who is reported to have devoured: eighty people, On the morning of the arrival of this party, containing four guns in all, a man rushed to say, that the tiger had just carried off a victim. At that moment, the party were five miles distant from the grant, 1 They ordered off their four elephants sharp, and scattered' Itaftor. ' them, allowing them an hour's start. This was after a forty miles' march over night, southern sportsmen were scarcely in a humour for the tiger. They went up the Pass,' left the road and followed the robber to his door, and;, then , found i remains of what had been a man alive and 'well but two hours before They beat, all about foreign" though the beaters were very reluctant, but they failed to sue him, as the jungle was very thick, with high trees and., the only hashes They had then, to leave the chair about' 6 p.m., without success. They again heat all the following day. It was somewhat exciting, as the monster might have appeared on the Rooney at any moment, from behind any rock. But the tiger did not show. It appears that the creature has had full possession of this Pass, and i when known to be there the people only passed at certain hours of the day, in large numbers, and with great outcries, and sometimes them I was no traffic for days. As the party turned to leave the giant, one of them not with a serious accident, a soda water bottle breaking in his hand, and cutting him desperately. His companions were obliged to apply . a tourniquet as best they could, as he fainted two or three times, from loss of blood. Whilst laying him under a tree, there was a tremendous outcry up the ghost and a lot of brandies came trooping post, the handy drivers of which said that the tiger had just tried to carry off one of their number, on the other side of the shaft, but had failed, the man having ducked and tiger jump- ing over the terrified handy, and only clawing the terrified driver. The boating has resulted in the monster's being driven away, for the time being The party resolve not to let him rest if they can help it, but to find a tiger among those great hills is no easy matter. In the meantime they were occupied with other tigers, comparatively wild animals, which live on buffaloes, rise. They have killed three of those in the floor "at.. m 2 m"! Im i s 