THE ORGAN OF THE FREE TRADE LEAGUE AND THE SQUATTERS. (From the Economist.) For some years past a rather tnelnn- I oholy spectacle has boen exhibited in Collins-street A newspaper which, • t one time?, had not merely achieved the largest circulation in the Southern hemisphere, but secured the confidence of the great mass of the peopls; whose prepress was so rapid chat, with oardon »ble.conceit, it won almost justified in saying-, "Come on, great 'Times'"— lias been suddenly arrested in its career, ind suffers from premature decay. Doubtless its typo and paper are im proved, and it is favoured with a large number of advertisements. As a com mercial speculation it may still be pro Stable, but in every other reapeci it is Dnly the ghost of its former self. It no longer receive« and it no longer deserves the confidence of the people. Probably it may be said, and with truth, tb;ittbe department of news is still mo*t effec tive, that the reports are faithful and full, that the commercial and shipping intelligence in accurate and complete, and that the (own) curreopondents of the paper in the colony and elsewhere, do their duty. It may bo even said with truth that very many of tho lend ing artiolas are excellent of their kind Withal, however, no colonist who Iirs been here ten years will deny that ' The Argus' is no longer a power in the State, but, on the contrary, is a bye word for impotence as a political organ. It is not for ub to enquire too curiously how this has come about, or to reveal, if we knew them, the secets of the prison-house. But we think w? can explain id a few words, without any such revelations, the proximate cause of the tremendous fall of 1 Thi> Argus' from its position as a political power. The best mode of illustration is to comparo it with ' The Times,' nud we ask,—What is the secret of the prodigious influence exercised by tho latfer journal throughout tha civilised world ? It is the superior knowledge of it# leader writers. It haa been a wise maxim of the proprietors of that journal, to employ as their contributors, not merely men wlio can write well, but men who possess superior special know ledge. The talent ot clever writing is a very common faculty, as is shown by the myriad brilliant works of fiction, and treatises on politics, philosophy, and every department of literature, with which the press is overcrowded. But we speak within bounds when »ve say that not one man in a million ii fittted to write the leaders of' The Times.' The quosuion arises—how is the work accomplished f Wo answer, by the fulfilment of two conditions—'. Division of labor. 2. By no writer being em ployed unless he has speoial knowledge of his subject, The writers in ' Thi! Times' are experienced men, and tho rough adepts on the subjects entrusted to them. For an article in ' Tho Times' on finnnae, for example, or on u moc c&iitili; subject, it is absolutely necessary that the writer should be as familiar us a Gladstone or a Baring, with all it» details; otherwise, on 'Change, 'The Times' would be treated with ridicule and contempt and a week of igno rance or absurdity would be almost fatal to its reputation. In order to maintain the prostigo of ' The Times,' the writers must not merely possess an intimate knowledge of past history, and of the British constitution, but they must be intimately cognisant of the men of tho time, of tho various political partios, and of the secret springs of public action. It is evident tbut the nieu who writo must have long resided in or near ths political arena, and must •o to spaak, have served their appren ticeship in tho workshop. What would he said of ' The Time?,' if it imported its writers periodically from Netv York, Calcutta, or Melbourne, to enlighten London on English politics? . Such a course would be considered mere Iunacv, Wo have heard it stated that none but Englishman are employed in the Bank of England. It is absolutely cortain, ot all events, that all the articles of tho English press are of exclusively native production; and we would say "farther, that a contrary practice would be the surest prolude to the destruction of the power and influence of tho English fourth estate. ' Is it necessary, after the above des cription, to compare the British press with our 4 Argus f or is it necessary to give_ one word of explanation as to the decline of its influence? It is noto rious that the articles of ' The Argus,' t^ble as_ they frequently are, bfing the production ot man of exclusively English ideas, fall stale and flat upon the public mind ; that they are frequently ridi culed or tre»ted with silent contempt. Aod;that even when a really good article qn a colonial subject, and treated from a colonial point of view, appears, it re oeivea^ • a great deal less attention than it deserves, simply from the sus picion that it is not genuine ; that it is of tba same stamp as the multitude of others in the same columns which would be equally applicable to tho wants of Paris, or St. Petersburg, as to those qf Melbourne. The results of the 1 Argus' manage ment are, ia ono tense fortunate. If that journal unfortunately has been rendered impotent for good, it is equally impotent for evil. Still it is necessitry to watch its utterances; for it is a bud policy to daspiso even n contemptible enemy. It is on this prinoiple that we notico tha lute attacks of the whilom leading journal on the pastoral interest aud its lucubrations on the Innd policy. In another article, we httv* discu««d tbe stupendous blunders of tbe Quexnsland democracy, lovingly 1 odopietl by 4 The Argus,' and ie<*oni mended for adoption in Victoria. Con sequently, we do not require here specially to notice this illustration of American prejudice, or English vulgar error, imported into Australia; but'wg desire to say n few words upon tbe polioy of the FreaTrado Loaguo organ, la endeavouring by #uch mo;ina ou tbe eve of no election, to onlbt tb» sympathies of the masses with and for | its party. The discussion, by tho Freo ) Trade orgnn, throughout the whole struggle has been entirely from an English point of view ; and has been in a colonial point of view. intensely stupid. The writers of ' The Argus ' vividly illustrate ihe side of Jobn Bull's character which foreigne-s love to ri 'iculo. Despising and ignoring Mill's selebrated oxception in favour of a new sountry, which was permitted, to d :ertain extent, to proiect nascent in iustries, 'The Ar^us,' in the rudest most offensive, and most .dogmatic terms, has denounced every odo as an idiot who does not go the whole length of England. England has adopted a certain policy ; therefore, in all circum stance*, and in all cases, England must be right and nil tho world wrong. In fact, in n preat mnasnre, this fanaticism has been the political ruin of tho journal. Up to this Ijour ' The Argus' is the Willing glare of the Free Trade party, endorses and promotes its most que« tionable schemes, and its too frequently narrow and selfish policy. The Free Trade party thought that a sop to the mob, in conceding the demand of the selectors, that tho rent be considered put part payment of purchnse-monev would help them at the elections. This scheme the leading journal promoted and thereby ruined it; for tU free selector said, in effect, Timeo Danao* et dona fnrentes. It whs thought by the Free Trade party that a good cry for the ejections would be the announce ment of a league of the squatters with the Government; this the obedient o/gan -enddtsed, and this naturally ruined thi* little game also; for so soon as ' The A-gus ' announced it as a fact, tho peoplo disbelieved it. Referring to our comparison with 'The Times,' we ask—what would be thought on 'Change, and throughout England, if'The Times' were some morning to announce that the mer chants, the manufacturers, the landed gentry, the shopkeepers of England, or any other large body, had' made a corrupt league with Mr Disraeli? and yet the idea would not ho more absurd to an Englishman thau to an average colonist is tho assertion gravely made by ' I'he Argus,' and maintained, not withstanding repeated and flat contra dictions, to this hour,- that the squatters have mode a compact with thn M'Cul loch Government. Tho two cases are entirely parallel. The squatters are spread over as large a space, attd have us little communication with each other, aa any of the English elasscs iinovenaraed ; and i: is moreover abso lutely certain that there has been no communication among theraselres for any political purpose. Had there been such, can it be doubted that soma evidence of the fact would have beeo found and given when ' Tho Argus' was dareil to produce it t " But, alter all, a grave question arises; and we are forcibly reminded of the story of ihe Confessor, who ask.d a stable boy if ho ever greased the horses' mouths. The stable boy was innocent, but afterwards profited bv the hint. ^ Our own opinion of tho origin of' The Argus' calumay simply l!t, 'hut the M'Culloch administration ;»nd their o-gan 'The Age.' perhaps independently, have been led to see tho tolly of viewing Australia through the mists of American prejudice or English error; that they are beginning to understand that tho land question in Australia is one which should be tren'ed entirely on iis own merits. 1/iey peicuivc, though dimly, that agriculture in Australia is an uphill and hazardous game, which should sot be forced nor unnaturally fostered Above all, that an exis'ing interest, beneficial to the country, should not be sacrificed for the sake of one which is in embryo, and which experienced colonists heliave cannot be developed. Practical men know that these ideas are sound, hut seen through the Eno-lish spectacles of 1 T he Argus,' any indica tion of approval of them is considered proof positive of a compact with tho squatters. Now, at first, this hlea of a compact with the M'Culloch adminis tration, was scomeif by us as a vile defam.uion; hut, on second thoughts, wo sue nothing in the idei at all repul sive. If rbe Free Tr.ido party will have it, let it be so; and were this wretched D irling grant out of the way, we candidly confess we would much tather be in the hands of Mr M'Culloch than in those of Air Duffy, or of Mr -Dully s assooiatoj. At all oveuts, Mr M'Culloch is a man of business; he has been sufficiently long in Australia to understand tho relative advantages and prospects of grazing and agrioulture ; and wo firmly bel:eve that, so long as he is in power, there is no chaoeo of a Parliament committing such an attro cious folly as tho passing of a Home atearl Act. We have no wish to say anything unfriendly of « The Arffu».' The worm that is trodden upon, has its feelings, and so, doubtless, have the pastoral tenants of the Crown; but, in our humble opinion, ' The Argus' has been the worst enemy of tho Free Traders, and is, at this moment, a tower of strength lo the M'Culloch administra tion, as well as a potont friend of the .pastoral interest. We do not lee any reason why the pastoral tenants should quarrel with or rovile 1 The Argus ; and, at the same time, we do not sea any reason why tho pastoral tenant" should not profit; by the hint that has been given to them. 