THE MOONSTONE. Br Wilkie Collins. Author of "The Woman in White," "No Name," etc. CHAPTER IV. HAVING now told the story of Rosanna, I have only to notice one out of the many queer ways of this strange girl, to get on next to the story of the sands. Our house is high up on the Yorkshire coast, and close by the sea. We have got beautiful walks all round us, in every direction but one. That one I acknowledge to be a horrid walk. It leads, for a quarter of a mile, through a melancholy plantation of firs, and brings you out between low cliffs on the lonliest and ugliest little bay on all our coast. The sand hills here run down to the sea, and end in two spits of rock jutting out opposite each other, till you lose sight of them in the water. One is called the North Spit, and one the South. Between the two, shifting backward and forward at certain seasons of the year, lies the most horri- ble quicksand on the shores of Yorkshire. At the turn of the tide something goes on in the un- known deeps below, which sets the whole face of the quicksand quivering and trembling in a man- ner most remarkable to see, and which has given to it, among the people in our parts, the name of The Shivering Sand. A great bank, half a mile out, nigh the mouth of the bay, breaks the force of the main ocean coming in from the of- fing. Winter and summer, when the tide flows over the quicksand, the sea seems to leave the waves behind it on the bank, and rolls its waters in smoothly with a heave, and covers the sand in silence. A lonesome and a horrid retreat, I can tell you! No boat ever ventures into this bay. No children from our fishing village, called Cobb's Hole, ever come here to play. The very birds of the air, as it seems to me, give the Shivering Sand a wide berth. That a young woman, with dozens of nice walks to choose from, and company to go with her, if she only said " Come !" should prefer this place, and should sit and work or read in it, all alone, when it's her turn out, I grant you, passes belief. It's true, nevertheless, account for it as you may, that this was Rosanna Spearman's favorite walk, except when she went once or twice to Cobb's Hole to see the only friend she had in our neighborhood—of whom more anon. It's also true that I was now setting out for this same place, to fetch the girl into dinner, which brings us round happily to our former point, and starts us fair again on our way to the sands. I saw no sign of the girl in the plantation. When I got out, through the sand hills, on to the beach, there she was, in her little straw bonnet, and her plain grey cloak that she always wore to hide her deformed shoulder as much as might be—there she was, all alone, looking out on the quicksand and the sea. She started when I came up with her, and turned her head away from me. Not looking me in the face being another of the proceedings which, as head of the servants, I never allow, on principle, to pass without inquiry—I turned her round my way, and saw that she was crying. My bandana handkerchief—one of six beauties given to me by my lady—was handy in my pocket. I took it out, and I said to Rosanna, " Come and sit down, my dear, on the slope of the beach along with me. I'll dry your eyes for you first, and then I'll make so bold as to ask what you have been crying about." When you come to my age you will find sit- ting down on the slope of a beach a much longer job than you think it now. By the time I was settled, Rosanna had dried her own eyes with a very inferior handkerchief to mine—a cheap cambric. She looked very quiet, and very wretched, but she sat down by me like a good girl, when I told her. When you want to com- fort a woman by the shortest way take her on your knee. I thought of the golden rule. But there! Rosanna wasn't Nancy, and that's the truth of it! " Now tell me, my dear," I said, " what are you crying about ?" " About the years that are gone, Mr. Better- edge," says Rosanna, quietly " My past life still comes back to me sometimes." "Come, come, my girl," I said, "your past life is all sponged out. Why can't you forget it?" She took me by one of the lappets of my coat. I am a slovenly old man, and a good deal of my meat and drink gets splashed about on my clothes. Sometimes one of the women, and sometimes another, cleans me of my grease. The day before Rosanna had taken out a spot for me on the lappet of my coat with a new compo- sition warranted to remove anything. The grease was gone, but there was a little dull place left on the nap of the cloth where the grease had been. The girl pointed to that place and shook her head. " The stain is taken off," she said. " But the place shows, Mr. Betteredge—the place shows!" A remark which takes a man unawares by means of his own coat is not an easy remark to answer. Something in the girl herself, too, made me particularly sorry for her just then. She had nice brown eyes, plain as she was in other ways—and she looked at me with a sort of respect for my happy old age and my good character, as things for ever out of her own reach, which made my heart heavy for our second house-maid. Not feeling myself able to comfort her, there was only one thing to do. That thing was—to take her into dinner. " Help me up, " I said. " You're late for dinner, Rosanna—and I have come to fetch you in." "You, Mr. Betteredge!" says she. "They told Nancy to fetch you," I said " But I thought you might like your scolding better, my dear, if it came from me." Instead of helping me up, the poor thing stole her hand into mine, and gave it a little squeeze. She tried hard to keep from crying again, and succeeded—for which I respected her. "You're very kind, Mr. Betteredge," she said. "I don't want any dinner to-day—let me bide a little longer here." "What makes you like to be here ?" I asked. "What is it that brings you everlastingly to this miserable place?" " Something draws me to it," says the girl, making images with her finger in the sand. " I try to keep away from it, and I can't. Some- times," says she, in a low voice, as if she was frightened at her own fancy, " sometimes, Mr. Betteredge, I think that my grave is waiting for me here." "There's roast mutton and suet pudding wait- ing for you!" says I. " Go into dinner directly. This is what comes, Rosanna, of thinking on an empty stomach!" I spoke severely, being naturally indignant (at my time of life) to hear a young woman of five and twenty talking about her latter end!" She didn't seem to hear me : she put her hand on my shoulder, and kept me where I was, sit- ting by her side. " I think the place has laid a spell on me," she said. " I dream of it night after night ; I think of it when I sit stiching at my work. You know I am grateful, Mr. Betteredge—you know I try to deserve your kindness, and my lady's confidence in me. But I wonder sometimes whether the life here is too quiet and too good for such a woman as I am, after all I have gone through, Mr. Betteredge—after all I have gone through. It's more lonely to me to be among the other servants, knowing I am not what they are, than it is to be here. My lady doesn't know, the motion at the reformatory doesn't know, what a dreadful reproach honest people are in themselves to a woman like me. Don't scold me, there's a dear good man. I do my work, don't I? Please not to tell my lady I am discontented—I am not. My mind's unquiet, sometimes, that's all. She snatched her hand off my shoulder, and suddenly pointed down to the quicksand. 'Look!' she said. 'Isn't it wonderful? isn't it terrible? I have seen it dozens of times, and it's always as new to me as if I had never seen it before!" I looked where she pointed. The tide was on the turn, and the horrid sand began to shiver. The broad brown face of it heaved slowly, and then dimpled and quivered all over. " Do you know what it looks like to me?" says Rosanna catching me by the shoulder again. " It looks as if it had hundreds of suffocating people under it—all struggling to get to the surface, and all sinking lower and lower in the dreadful deeps! Throw a stone in, Mr. Betteredge! Throw a stone in, and let's see the sand suck it down!" Here was unwholesome talk! Here was an empty stomach feeding on an unquiet mind! My answer—a pretty sharp one, in the poor girl's own interests, I promise you!—was at my tongue's end, when it was snapped short off on a sudden by a voice among the sand-hills shout- ing for me by my name. " Betteredge!" cries the voice, "where are you?" "Here!" I shouted out in return, without a notion in my head who it was. Rosanna started to her feet, and stood looking toward the voice. I was just thinking of getting on my own legs next, when I was staggered by a sudden change in the girl's face. Her complexion turned of a beautiful red, which I had never seen in it before ; she bright- ened all over with a kind of speechless and breathless surprise. " Who is it ?" I asked. Rosanna gave me back my own question " Oh! who is it ?" she said, softly, more to herself than to me. I twisted round on the sand, and looked behind me. There, coming out on us from among the hills, was a bright eyed young gentleman, dressed in a beautiful fawn-colored suit, with gloves and hat to match, with a rose in his button-hole and a smile on his face that might have set the Shivering Sand itself smiling at him in return. Before I could got on my legs he plumped down on the sand by the side of me, put his arm round my neck, foreign fashion, and gave me a hug that fairly squeezed the breath out of my body. "Dear old Betteredge!" says he. "I owe you seven and sixpence. Now do you know who I am?" Lord bless us and save us! Here—four good hours before we expected him—was Mr. Frank- lin Blake! Before I could say a word I saw Mr. Frank- lin, a little surprised, to all appearance, look up from me to Rosanna. Following his lead, I looked at the girl, too. She was blushing of a deeper red than ever, seemingly at having caught Mr. Franklin's eye, and she turned and left us suddenly, in a confusion quite unaccount- able to my mind, without either making her courtesy to the gentleman or saying a word to me—very unlike her usual self a civiler and better-behaved servant, in general, you never met with. " That's an odd girl," says Mr. Franklin. " I wonder what she sees in me to surprise her ?" " I suppose, sir," I answered, drolling on our young gentleman's Continental education, " it's the varnish from foreign parts." I set down here Mr. Franklin's careless ques- tion, and my foolish answer, as a consolation and encouragement to all stupid people—it being, as I have remarked, a great satisfaction to our inferior fellow creatures to find that their betters are, on occasions, no brighter than they are. Neither Mr. Franklin, with his wonderful foreign training nor I, with my age, experience, and natural mother-wit, had the ghost of an idea of what Rosanna Spearman's unaccountable behaviour really meant. She was out of our thoughts, poor soul, before we had seen the last flutter of her little grey cloak among the sand- hills And what of that? you will ask naturally enough. Read on, good friend, as patiently is you can, and perhaps you will be as sorry for Rosanna Spearman as I was, when I found out the truth. CHAPTER V. The first thing I did, after we were left to- gether alone, was to make a third attempt to get up from my seat on the sand. Mr. Franklin stopped me. "There is one advantage about this horrid place," he said ; " we have got it all to our- selves. Stay where you are, Betteredge ; I have somethmg to say to you." While he was speaking I was looking at him, and trying to see something of the boy I remem- bered in the man before me. The man put me out. Look as I might I could see no more of his boy's rosy cheeks than his boy's trim little jacket. His complexion had got pale : his face, at the lower part, was covered, to my great sur- prise and disappointment, with a curly brown beard and moustaches. He had a lively touch and go way with him, very pleasant and en- gaging, I admit, but nothing to compare with his free and easy manners of other times. To make matters worse, he had promised to be tall, and had not kept his promise. He was neat, and slim, and well made, but he wasn't by an inch or two up to the middle height. In short, he baffled me altogether. The years that had passed had left nothing of his old self, except the bright, straightforward look in his eyes. There I found our nice boy again, and there I concluded to stop in my investigation. " Welcome back to the old place, Mr. Frank- lin," I said " All the more welcome, Sir, that you have come some hours before we ecpected you." "I have a reason for coming before you ex- pected me," answered Mr. Franklin. " I sus- pect, Betteredge, that I have been followed and watched in London for the last three or four days ; and I have travelled by the morning instead of the afternoon train because I wanted to give a certain dark-looking stranger the slip." Those words did more than surprise me. They brought back to my mind, in a flash, the three jugglers, and Penelope's notion that they meant some mischief to Mr. Franklin Blake. "Who's watching you, sir—and why?" I inquired. "Tell me about the three Indians you have had at the house to day," says Mr. Franklin, without noticing my question. " It's just possi- ble, Betteredge, that my stranger and your three jugglers may turn out to be pieces of the same puzzle." "How do you come to know about the jug- glers, sir'' I asked, putting one question on the top of another, which was bad manners, I own. But you don't expect much from poor human nature—so don't expect much from me. "I saw Penelope at the house," says Mr. Franklin, "and Penelope told me. Your daughter promised to be a pretty girl, Better- edge, and she has kept her promise. Penelope has got a small ear and a small foot. Did the late Mrs. Betteredge possess those inestimable advantages?" "The late Mrs. Betteredge possessed a good many defects, sir," says I. "One of them (if you will pardon my mentioning it) was never keeping to the matter in hand. She was more like a fly than a woman : she couldn't settle on anything." "She would just have suited me," says Mr. Franklin. " I never settle on anything either. Betteredge, your edge is better than ever. Your daughter said as much, when I asked for par- ticulars about the jugglers. 'Father will tell you, sir. He's a wonderful man for his ago ; and he expresses himself beautifully.' Pene- lope's own word—blushing divinely. Not even my respect for you prevented me from—never mind ; I knew her when she was a child and she's none the worse for it. Let's be serious. What did the jugglers do?" I was something dissatisfied with my daughter —not for letting Mr. Franklin kiss her ; Mr. Franklin was welcome to that—but for forcing me to tell her foolish story at second-hand. However, there was no help for it now but to mention the circumstances. My Franklin's merriment all died away as I went on. He sat knitting his eyebrows and twisting his beard. When I had done, he repeated after me two of the questions which the chief juggler had put to the boy—seemingly for the purpose of fixing them well in his mind. "'Is it on the road to this house, and on no other, that the English gentleman will pass by us to-day ?' ' Has the English gentleman got it about him?' I suspect," says Mr. Franklin, pulling a little sealed paper parcel out of his pocket, "that 'It' means this. And 'this,' Betteredge, means my uncle Herncastle's famous Diamond." "Good Lord, sir!" I broke out, "how do you come to be in charge of the wicked Colonel's Diamond?" "The wicked Colonel's will has left his Dia- mond as a birthday present to my cousin Rachel," says Mr. Franklin. "And my father, as the wicked Colonel's executor, has given it in charge to me to bring down here." If the sea, then oozing in smoothly over the Shivering Sand, had been changed into dry land before my own eyes, I doubt if I could have been more surprised than I was when Mr. Franklin spoke those words. "The Colonel's Diamond left to Miss Rachel !" says I. "And your father, sir, the Colonel's executor!' Why, I would have laid any bet you like, Mr Franklin, that your father wouldn't have touched the Colonel with a pair of tongs !" "Strong language, Betteredge! What was there against the Colonel ? He belonged to your time, not to mine. Tell me what you know about him, and I'll tell you how my father came to be his executor, and more be- sides. I have made some discoveries in London about my uncle Herncastle and his Diamond, which have rather an ugly look to my eyes ; and I want you to confirm them. You called him the 'wicked Colonel' just now. Search your memory, my old friend, and tell me why." I saw he was in earnest, and I told him. Here follows the substance of what I said, written out entirely for your benefit. Pay at- tention to it, or you will be all abroad, when we get deeper into the story. Clear your mind of the children, or the dinner, or the new bonnet, or what not. Try if you can't forget politics, horses, prices in the city, and grievances of the club. I hope you won't take this freedom on my part amiss ; it's only a way I have of appealing to the gentle reader. Lord! haven't I seen you with the greatest authors in your hands, and don't I know how ready your attention is to wander when it's a book that asks for it, instead of a person ? I spoke, a little way back, of my lady's father, the old lord with the short temper and the long tongue. He had five children in all. Two sons to begin with ; then, after a long time, his wife broke out breeding again, and the three young ladies came briskly one after the other, as fast as the nature of things would permit, my mis- tress, as before mentioned, being the youngest and best of the three. Of the two sons, the oldest, Arthur, inherited the title and estates. The second, the Honorable John, got a fine fortune left him by a relative, and went into the army. It's an ill bird, they say, that fouls its own nest. I look on the noble family of the Hern- castles as being my nest, and I shall take it as a favor if I am not expected to enter into par- ticulars on the subject of the Honorable John. He was, I honestly believe, one of the greatest Blackguards that ever lived. I can hardly say more or less for him than that. He went into the army, beginning in the Guards. He had to leave the Guards before he was two-and- twenty—never mind why. They are very strict in the army, and they were too strict for the Honorable John. He went out to India to see whether they were equally strict there, and to try a little active service. In the matter of bravery (to give him his due) he was a mixture of bull-dog and game- cock, with a dash of the savage. He was at the taking of Seringapatam. Soon afterward he changed into another regi- ment, and, in course of time, changed again into a third. In the third he got his last step as lieutenant-colonel, and, getting that, got also a sun-stroke, and came home to England. He came back with a character that closed the doors of all his family against him, my lady (then just married) taking the lead, and declar- ing (with Sir John's approval, of course) that her brother should never enter any house of hers. There was more than one slur on the Colonel that made people shy of him ; but the blot of the Diamond is all I need mention here. It was said he had got possession of his In- dian jewel by means which, bold as he was, he didn't dare acknowledge. He never attempted to sell it—not being in need of money, and not (to give him his due again) making money an object. He never gave it away ; he never even showed it to any living soul. Some said he was afraid of its getting him into a difficulty with the military authorities ; others (very ignorant indeed of the real nature of the man) said he was afraid, if he showed it, of its costing him his life. There was perhaps a grain of truth mixed up with this last report. It was false to say he was afraid ; but it was a fact that his life had been twice threatened in India ; and it was firmly believed that the Diamond was at the bottom of it. When he came back to England and found himself avoided by everybody, the Diamond was thought to be at the bottom of it again. The mystery of the Colonel's life got in the Colonel's way, and outlawed him, as you may say, among his own people. The men wouldn't let him into their clubs ; the women—more than one—whom he wanted to marry, refused him ; friends and relations got too near-sighted to see him in the street. Some men in this mess would have tried to set themselves right with the world. But to give in, even when he was wrong, and had all society against him, was not the way of the Honorable John. He had kept the Diamond, in flat de- fiance of assassination, in India. He kept the Diamond, in flat defiance of public opinion, in England. There you have the portrait of the man before you, as in a picture : a character that braved everything ; and a face, handsome as it was that looked possessed by the devil. We heard different rumors about him from time to time. Sometimes they said he was given up to smoking opium, and collecting old books ; sometimes he was reported to be trying strange things in chemistry ; sometimes he was seen carousing and amusing himself among the lowest people in the lowest slums of London. Anyhow, a solitary, vicious, underground life was the life the Colonel led. Once, and once only, after his return to England, I myself saw him, face to face. About two years before the time of which I am now writing, and about a year and a half before the time of his death, the Colonel came unexpectedly to my lady's house in London. It was the night of Miss Rachel's birthday, the twenty-first of June ; and there was a party in honor of it as usual. I received a message from the footman to say that a gentleman wanted to see me. Going up into the hall, there I found the Colonel, wasted, and worn, and old, and shabby, and as wild and as wicked as ever. "Go up to my sister," says he, " and say that I have called to wish my niece many happy re- turns of the day." He had made attempts by letter, more than once already to be reconciled with my lady, for no other purpose, Iam firmly persuaded, than to annoy her. But this was the first time he had actually come to the house. I had it on the tip of my tongue to say that my mistress had a party that night. But the devilish look of him daunted me. I went up stairs with his message, and left him, by his own desire, waiting in the hall. The servants stood staring at him, at a dis- tance, as if he was a walking engine of destruc- tion, loaded with powder and shot, and likely to go off among them at a moment's notice. My lady has a dash—no more—of the family temper. "Tell Colonel Herncastle," she said, when I gave her her brother's message, "that Miss Verinder is engaged, and that I decline to see him." I tried to plead for a civiler answer than that ; knowing the Colonel's constitutional superiority to the restraints which govern gentlemen in general. Quite useless! The familty temper flashed out at me directly. " When I want your advice," says my lady, "you know that i always ask for it. I don't ask for it now." I went down stairs with the message, of which I took the liberty of pre- senting a new and amended edition of my own contriving, as follows : " My lady and Miss Rachel regret that they are engaged, Colonel ; and beg to be excused haying the honor of see- ing you." I expected him to break out, even at that polite way of putting it. To my surprise he did nothing of the sort ; he alarmed me by tak- ing the thing with an unnatural quiet. His eyes, of a glittering bright grey, just settled on me for a moment ; and he laughed, not out of himself, like other people, but into himself, in a soft chuckling, horridly mischievous way " Thank you, Betteredge," he said. "I shall remember my niece's birthday." With that, he turned on his heel, and walked out of the house. The next birthday came round, and we heard he was ill in bed. Six months afterward—that is to say six months before the time I am now writing of—there came a letter from a highly respectable clergyman to my lady. It commu- nicated two wonderful things in the way of family news. First, that the Colonel had for- given his sister on his death bed. Second, that he had forgiven everybody else, and had made a most edifying end. I have myself (in spite of the bishops and clergy) an unfeigned respect for the Church, but I am firmly persuaded, at the same time, that the devil remained in undis- turbed possession of the Honorable John, and that the last abominable act in the life of that abominable man was (saving your presence) to take the clergyman in! This was the sum total of what I had to tell Mr. Franklin. I remarked that he listened more and more eagerly the longer I went on. Also that the story of the Colonel being sent away from his sister's door, on the occasion of his niece's birthday, seemed to strike Mr. Franklin like a shot that had hit the mark. Though he didn't acknowledge it, I saw that I had made him uneasy, plainly enough, in his face. "You have said your say, Betteredge," he re- marked "It's my turn now. Before, how- ever, I tell you what discoveries I have made in London, and how I come to be mixed up in this matter of the Diamond, I want to know one thing. You look, my old friend, as if you didn't quite understand the object to be answered by this consultation of ours. Do your looks belie you ?" " No, sir," I said. " My looks, on this oc- casion at any rate, tell the truth." "In that case," says Mr. Franklin, " suppose I put you up to my point of view before we go any further. I see three very serious questions involved in the Colonel's birthday-gift to my cousin Rachel. Follow me carefully, Better- edge, and count me off on your fingers, if it will help you," says Mr. Franklin, with a certain pleasure in showing how clear-headed he could be, which reminded me wonderfully of old times when he was a boy. " Question the first : Was the Colonel's Diamond the object of a conspiracy in India ? Question the second : Has the conspiracy followed the Colonel's Dia- mond to England ? Question the third : Did the Colonel know the conspiracy followed the Diamond ; and has he purposely left a legacy of trouble and danger to his sister, through the innocent medium of his sister's child ? That is what I am driving at, Betteredge. Don't let me frighten you." It was all very well to say that, but he had frightened me. If he was right, here was our quiet English house suddenly invaded by a devilish Indian diamond—bringing after it a conspiracy of liv- ing rogues, set loose on us by the vengeance of a dead man. There was our situation, as re- vealed to me in Mr. Franklin's last words. Who ever heard the like of it—in the nine- teenth century, mind ; in an age of progress, and in a country which rejoices in the blessings of the British Constitution? Nobody ever heard the like of it, and, consequently, nobody can be expected to believe it. I shall go on with my story, however, in spite of that. When you get a sudden alarm, of the sort that I had got now, nine times out of ten the place you feel it in is your stomach. When you feel it in your stomach your attention wanders, and you begin to fidget. I fidgeted silently in my place on the sand. Mr. Franklin noticed me, contending with a perturbed stomach, or mind, which you please—they mean the same thing—and, cheeking himself just as he was starting with his part of the story, said to me, sharply, " What do you want?" What did I want ? I didn't tell him ; but I'll tell you, in confidence. I wanted a whiff of my pipe, and a turn at Robinson Crusoe. CHAPTER VI. KEEPING my private sentiments to myself, I respectfully requested Mr. Franklin to go on. Mr. Franklin replied, " Don't fidget, Better- edge," and went on. Our young gentleman's first words informed me that his discoveries, concerning the wicked Colonel and the Diamond, had begun with a visit which he had paid (before he came to us) to his father's lawyer at Hampstead. A chance word dropped by Mr. Franklin, when the two were alone, one day, after dinner, revealed that he had been charged by his father with a birth- day present to be taken to Miss Rachel. One thing led to another ; and it ended in the lawyer mentioning what the present really was, and how the friendly connection between the late Colonel and Mr. Blake, senior, had taken its rise. The facts here are really so extraordinary that I doubt if I can trust my own language to do justice to them. I prefer trying to report Mr. Franklin's discoveries, as nearly as may be in Mr. Franklin's own words. "You remember the time, Betteredge," he said, " when my father was trying to prove his title to that unlucky dukedom? Well! that was also the time when my uncle Herncastle re- turned from India. My father discovered that his brother- in-law was in possession of certain papers which were likely to be of service to him in his lawsuit. He called on thew Colonel, on pretence of welcoming him back to England. The Colonel «as not to be deluded in that way. ' You want something,' he said, 'or you would never have compromised your reputation by calling on me.' My father saw the one chance for him was to show his hand : he admitted, at once, that he wanted the papers. The Colonel asked for a day to consider his answer. His answer came in the shape of a most extraordi- nary letter, which my friend the lawyer showed me. The Colonel begun by saying that he wanted something of my father, and that he begged to propose an exchange of friendly ser- vices between them. The fortune of war (that was the expression he used) had placed him in possession of one of the largest diamonds in the world ; and he had reason to believe that neither he nor his precious jewel was safe in any house, in any quarter of the globe, which they occupied together. Under these alarming circumstances he had determined to place his Diamond in the keeping of another person. That person was not expected to run any risk. He might deposit the precious stone in any place especially guarded and set apart—like a banker's or jeweller's strong room—for the safe custody of valuables of high price. His main personal responsibility in the matter was to be of the passive kind. He was to undertake— either by himself, or by a trustworthy represen- tative—to receive at a pre-arranged address on certain pre-arranged days in every year, a note from the Colonel, simply stating the fact that he was a living man at that date. In the event of the date passing over without the note being, received, the Colonel's silence might be taken as a sure token of the Colonel s death by mur- der. In that case, and in no other, certain sealed instructions relating to the disposal of the Diamond, and deposited with it, were to be opened, and followed implicitly. If my father chose to accept this strange charge, the Colonel's papers were at his disposal in return. That was the letter." " What did your father do, sir ?" I asked. "Do?'' says Mr. Franklin. "I'll tell you what he did. He brought the invaluable faculty called common sense to bear on the Colonel's letter. The whole thing, he declared, was simply absurd. Somewhere in his Indian wanderings the Colonel had picked up with some wretched crystal which he took for a diamond. As for the danger of his being murdered, and the pre- cautions devised to preserve his life and his piece of crystal, this was the nineteenth century, and any man in his senses had only to apply to the police. The Colonel had been a notorious opium-eater for years past ; and, if the only way of getting at the valuable papers he possessed was by accepting a matter of opium as a matter of fact, my father was quite willing to take the ridiculous responsibility imposed upon him—all the more readily that it involved no trouble to himself. The Diamond and the scaled instruc- tions went into his banker's strong room, and the Colonel's letters, periodically reporting him a living man, were received and opened by the lawyer, as my father's representative. No sen- bible person, in a similar position, could have viewed the matter in any other way. Nothing in this world, Betteredge, is probable unless it appeals to our own trumpery experience ; and we only believe in a romance when we see it in a newspaper." It was plain to me from this, that Mr. Franklin thought his father's notion about the Colonel hasty and wrong. " What is your own private opinion about the matter, sir?" I asked. "Let's finish the story of the Colonel first," says Mr. Franklin. "There is a curious want of system, Betteredge, in the English mind ; and your question, my old friend, is an instance of it. When we are not occupied in making machinery, we are (mentally speaking) the most slovenly people in the universe." "So much," I thought to myself, "for a foreign education! He has learned that way of girding us in Fiance, I suppose." Mr. Franklin took up the lost thread, and went on. " My father," he said, " got the papers he wanted, and never saw his brother- in-law again, from that time. Year after year, on the pre- arranged days, the pre-arranged letter came from the Colonel, and was opened by the lawyer. I have seen the letters, in a heap, all of them written in the same brief, business-like form of words : Sir,—This is to certify that I am still a living man.. Let the Diamond be John Herncastle.' That was all he ever wrote, and that came regularly to the day ; until some six or eight months since, when the form of the letter varied for the first time. It ran now : 'Sir,—They tell me I am dying. Come to me, and help me to make my will.' The lawyer went, and found him, in the little suburban villa, surrounded by its own grounds, in which he had lived alone ever since he had left India. He had dogs, cats, and birds to keep him com- pany ; but no human being near him, except the person who came daily to do the housework, and the doctor at the bedside. The will was a very simple matter. The Colonel had dissi- pated the greater part of his fortune in his chemical investigations His will began and ended in three clauses, which he dictated from his bed, in perfect possession of his faculties. The first clause provided for the safe-keeping and support of his animals. The second founded a professorship of experimental chemistry at a northern university. The third bequeathed the Moonstone as a birthday present to his niece, on condition that my father would act as exe- cutor. My father at first refused to act. On second thoughts, however, he gave way, partly because he was assured that the executorship would involve him in no trouble ; partly be- cause the lawyer suggested, in Rachel's interest, that the Diamond might be worth something, after all." "Did the Colonel give any reason, sir," I in- quired, "why he left the Diamond to Miss Rachel?" " He not only gave the reason—he had the reason written in his will," said Mr. Franklin. " I have got an extract, which you shall see presently. Don't be slovenly-minded, Better- edge! One thing at a time. You have heard about the Colonel's will ; now you must hear what happened after the Colonel's death. It was formally necessary to have the Diamond valued, before the will could be proved. All the jewellers consulted, at once confirmed the Colonel's assertion that he possessed one of the largest diamonds in the world. The question of accurately valuing it presented some serious difficulties. Its size made it a phenomenon in the diamond market ; its color placed it in a category by itself, and, to add to these ele- ments of uncertainty, there was a defect, in the shape of a flaw, in the very heart of the stone. Even with this last serious drawback, however, the lowest of the various estimates given was twenty thousand pounds. Conceive my father's astonishment! He had been within a hair's- breadth of refusing to act as executor, and of allowing this magnificent jewel to be lost to the family. The interest he took in the matter now induced him to open the sealed instructions which had been deposited with the Diamond.— The lawyer showed this document to me, with the other papers, and it suggests (to my mind) a clew to the nature of the conspiracy which threatened the Colonel's life." " Then you do believe, sir," I said, " that there was a conspiracy?" " Not possessing my father's excellent com- mon-sense," answered Mr. Franklin, " I believe the Colonel's life was threatened, exactly as the Colonel said. The sealed instructions, as I think, explain how it was that he died, after all, quietly in his bed. In the event of his death by violence (that is to say, in the absence of the regular letter from him at the appointed date), my father was then directed to send the Moon- stone secretly to Amsterdam. It was to be de- posited in that city with a famous diamond- cutter, and it was to be cut up into from four to six separate stones. The stones were then to be sold for what they would fetch, and the pro- ceeds were to be applied to the founding of that professorship of experimental chemistry which the Colonel has since endowed by his will. Now, Betteredge, exert those sharp wits of yours, and observe the conclusion to which the Colonel's instructions point!" I instantly exerted my wits. They were of the slovenly English sort ; and they consequently muddled it all until Mr. Franklin took them in hand, and pointed out what they ought to see. " Remark," says Mr. Franklin, " that the in- tegrity of the Diamond, as a whole stone, is here artfully made dependent on the preserva- tion from violence of the Colonel's life. He is not satisfied with saying to the enemies he dreads, ' Kill me—and you will be no nearer to the Diamond than you are now ; it is where you can't get at it—in the guarded strong-room of a bank.' He says instead, ' Kill me—and the Diamond will be the Diamond no longer ; its identity will be destroyed.' What does that mean ?" Here I had (as I thought) a flash of the wonderful foreign brightness. "I know!" I said. "It means lowering the value of the stone, and cheating the rogues in that way!" " Nothing of the sort," says Mr. Franklin. " I have inquired about that. The flawed Dia- mond, cut up, would actually fetch more than the Diamond as it now is , for this plain reason —that from four to six perfect brilliants might be cut from it, which would be, collectively, worth more money than the large—but imper- fect—single stone. If robbery for the purpose of gain was at the bottom of the conspiracy, the Colonel's instructions absolutely made the Diamond better worth stealing. More money could have been got for it, and the disposal of it in the diamond-market would have been in- finitely easier, if it had passed through the hands of the workmen of Amsterdam." " Lord bless us, sir!" I burst out. " What was the plot then ?" " A plot organised among the Indians who originally owned the jewel," says Mr. Franklin —" a plot with some old Hindoo superstition at the bottom of it. That is my opinion, con- firmed by a family paper which I have about me at this moment." I saw now why the appearance of the three Indian jugglers at our house had presented it- self to Mr. Franklin in the light of a circumstance worth noting. " I don't want to force my opinion on you," Mr. Franklin went on. " The idea of certain chosen servants of an old Hindoo superstition devoting themselves, through all difficulties and dangers to watching the opportunity of recover- ing then sacred gem, appears to me to be per- fectly consistent with everything that we know of the patience of Oriental races, and the influ- ence of Oriental religions. But then I am an imaginative man ; and the butcher, the baker, and the tax-gatherer, are not the only credible realities in existence to my mind. Let the guess I have made at the truth in this matter go for what it is worth, an let us get on to the only practical question that concerns us. Does the conspiracy against the Moonstone survive the Colonel's death? And did the Colonel know it, when he left the birthday gift to his niece?" I began to see my lady and Miss Rachel at the end of it all, now. Not a word he said escaped me. "I was not very willing, when I discovered the story of the Moonstone," said Mr. Franklin, " to bo the moans of bringing it hero But my friend, the lawyer, reminded me that somebody must put my cousin's legacy into my cousin's hands—and that I might as well do it as any body else. After taking the Diamond out of the bank I fancied I was followed in the streets by a shabby, dark-complexioned man. I went to my father's house to pick up my luggage, and found a letter there, which unexpectedly de- tained me in London. I went back to the bank with the Diamond, and thought I saw the shabby man again. Taking the Diamond once more out of the bank this morning, I saw the man for the third time, gave him the slip, and started (before he recovered the trace of me) by the morning instead of the afternoon train. Here I am, with the Diamond safe and sound— and what is the first news that meets me? I find that three strolling Indians have been at the house, and that my arrival from London, and something which I am expected to have about me, are two special objects of investiga- tion to them when they believe themselves to be alone. I don't waste time and words on their pouring the ink into the boy's hand, and telling him to look in it for a man at a distance, and for something in that man's pocket. The thing (which I have often seen done in the east) is 'hocus-pocus' in my opinion, as it is in yours. The present question for us to decide is whether I am wrongly attaching a meaning to a mere accident? or whether we really have evidence of the Indians being on the track of the Moonstone, the moment it is removed from the safe keeping of the bank ?" Neither he nor I seemed to fancy dealing with this part of the inquiry. We looked at each other, and then we looked at the tide, ooz- ing in smoothly, higher and higher, over the Shivering Sand. "What are you thinking of?" says Mr. Franklin, suddenly. "I was thinking, sir," I answered, "that I should like to shy the Diamond into the quick- sand, and settle the question in that way." "If you have got the value of the stone in your pocket," answered Mr. Franklin, " say so, Betteredge, and in it goes!" It's curious to note, when your mind's anxious, how very far in the way of relief a very small joke will go. We found a fund of merri- ment, at the time, in the notion of making way with Miss Rachel's lawful property, and getting Mr. Blake, as executor, into dreadful trouble— though where the merriment was I am quite at a loss to discover now. Mr. Franklin was the first to bring the talk back to the talk's proper purpose. He took an envelope out of his pocket, opened it, and handed to me the paper inside. " Betteredge," he said, " we must face the question of the Colonel's motive in leaving this legacy to his niece for my aunt's sake. Bear in mind how Lady Verinder treated her brother from the time when he returned to England, to the time when he told you he should remember his niece's birthday. And read that." He gave me the extract from the Colonel's will. I have got it by me while I write these words ; and I copy it, as follows, for your benefit : Thirdly, and lastly, I give and bequeath to my niece, Rachel Verinder, daughter and only . legt mci . . tivc Ha pie: Col diei by . . obje one the tim . on . . . hail up . . yyiis of disi fon otk a¿o col. . . tioi . on liai hu all . . child of my sister, Julia Verinder, widow, the yellow Diamond belonging to me, and known in the east by the name of the Moonstone—sub- ject to this condition, that her mother, the said Julia Verinder, shall be living at the time. And I hereby desire my executor, in that event, to give my Diamond, either by his own hands or by the hands of some trustworthy representa- tive whom he shall appoint, into the personal possession of my said niece Rachel, on her next birthday after my death, and in the presence of my sister, the said Julia Verinder. And furthermore, I desire also that my sister, as aforesaid, may be informed, by means of a true copy of this, the third and last clause of my will, that I give the Diamond to her daughter Rachel, in token of my free forgiveness of the injury which her conduct toward me has been the means of initiating on my reputation in my lifetime ; and especially in proof that I pardon, as becomes a dying man, the insult offered to me as an officer and a gentleman, when her ser- vant, by her orders, closed the door of her house against me, on the occasion of her daughter's birthday." More words followed these, providing, if my lady was dead, or if Miss Rachel was dead, at the time of the testator's decease, for the Dia- mond being sent to Holland, in accordance with the sealed instructions originally deposited with it. The proceeds of the sale were, in that case, to be added to the money already left by the will for the professorship of chemistry at the university in the north. I handed the paper back to Mr. Franklin, sorely troubled what to any to him. Up to that moment my own opinion had been (as you know) that the Colonel had died as wickedly as he had lived. I don't say the copy from his will actu- ally converted me from that opinion : I only say it staggered me. " Well," says Mr. Franklin, " now you have read the Colonel's own statement, what do you say ? In bringing the Moonstone to my aunt's house, am I serving his vengeance blindfold, or am I vindicating him in the character of a peni- tent and Christian man ?" " It seems hard to say, sir," I answered, " that he died with a horrid revenge in his heart, and a horrid he on his lips. God alone knows the truth. Don't ask me." Mr. Franklin sat twisting and turning the ex- tract from the will in his fingers, as if he ex- pected to squeeze the truth out of it in that man- ner. He altered quite remarkably at the same time. From being brisk and bright, he now be- came, most unaccountably, a slow, solemn, and pondering young man. " This question has two sides," he said. " An objective side, and a subjective side. Which are we to take ?" He had had a German education as well as a French One of the two had been in undistur- bed possession of him (as I supposed) up to this time. And now (as well as I could make out) the other was taking its place. It is one of my rules in life never to notice what I don't under- stand. I steered a middle course between the objective side and the subjective side. In plain English, I stared hard and said nothing. " Let's extract the inner meaning of this," says Mr. Franklin. " Why did my uncle leave the Diamond to Rachel ? Why didn't he leave it to my aunt?" "That's not beyond guessing, sir, at any rate," I said. " Colonel Herncastle knew my lady well enough to know that she would have refused to accept any legacy that came to her from him." " How did he know that Rachel might not re- fuse to accept it, too?" " Is there any young lady in existence, sir, who could resist the temptation of accepting such a birthday present as The Moonstone?" "That's the subjective view," says Mr. Frank- lin. " It does you great credit, Betteredge, to be able to take the subjective view. But there's another mystery about the Colonel's legacy which is not accounted for yet. How are we to explain his only giving Rachel her birthday present con- ditionally on her mother being alive?" " I don't want to slander a dead man, sir," I answered. " But if he has purposely left a legacy of trouble and danger to his sister, by the means of her child, it must be a legacy made conditional on his sister's being alive to feel the vexation of it." "Oh! That's your interpretation of his mo- tive, is it? The subjective interpretation again. Have you ever been in Germany, Betteredge?" "No, sir. What's your interpretation, if you please?" " I can see," says Mr. Franklin, " that the Colonel's object may, quite possibly, have been —not to benefit his niece, whom he had never even seen—but to prove to his sister that he had died forgiving her, and to prove it very prettily by means of a present made to her child. There is a totally different explanation from yours, Betteredge, taking its rise in a subjective objective point of view. From all I cane see, one interpretation is just as likely to be right as the other." CHAPTER VII. HAVING brought matters this pleasant and comforting issue, Mr. Franklin appeared to think that had completed all that was re- quired of him. He laid down flat on his back on the sand, and asked what was to be done next. He had been so clever and clear-headed (be- fore he began to talk the foreign gibberish), and had so completely taken the lead in the business up to the present time, that I was quite unpre- pared for such a sudden change as he now ex- hibited in this helpless leaning upon me. It was not till later that I learned—by assistance of Miss Rachel, who was the first to make the discovery—these puzzling shifts and trans- formations in Mr. Franklin were due to the effect on him of his foreign training. At the age when we are all of us most apt to take our coloring, in the form of a reflection from the coloring of other people, he had been sent abroad, and had been passed on, from one na- tion to another, before there was time for any- one coloring more than another to settle itself on him firmly. As a consequence of this, he had come back with so many different sides to his character, all more or less unfinished, and all more or less jarring with each other, that he seemed to pass his life in a state of perpetual contradiction with himself. He could be a busy man, and a lazy man ; cloudy in the head, and clear in the head ; a model of determination, and a spectacle of helplessness, all together. He had his French side, and his German side, and his Italian side—the original English foun- dation showing through every now and then, as much as to say, " Here I am, sorely trans- mogrified, as you see, but there's something of me left at the bottom of me still." Miss Rachel used to remark that the Italian side of him was uppermost on those occasions when he unexpectedly gave in and asked you, in his nice, sweet-tempered way, to take his own responsibilities on your shoulders. You will do him no injustice, I think, if you conclude that the Italian side of him was uppermost now. " Isn't it your business, sir," I asked " to know what to do next? Surely it can't be mine!" Mr. Franklin did not appear to see the force of my question—not being in a position at the time to see anything but the sky over his head. " I don't want to alarm my aunt without rea- son,' he said. "And I don't want to leave her without what may be a needful warning. If you were in my place, Betteredge, tell me, in one word, what would you do?" In one word I told him : " Wait." "With all my heart," says Mr. Franklin. "How long?" I proceeded to explain myself. "As I understand it, sir," I said, " somebody is bound to put this plaguy diamond into Miss Rachel's hands on her birthday—and you may as well do it as another. Very good. This is the twenty-fifth of May, and the birthday is on the twenty-first of June. We have got close on four weeks before us. Let's wait and see what happens in that time ; and let's warn my lady or not, as the circumstances direct us." "Perfect, Betteredge, as far as it goes!" says Mr. Franklin. "But between this and the birthday, what's to be done with the diamond?" "What your father did with it, to be sure, sir!" I answered. "Your father put it in the safe-keeping of a bank in London. You put it safe-keeping of a bank in the bank of Fritzinghall." (Frizinghall was our nearest town, and the Bank of England wasn't ?? there). If I were you Mr. Franklin, I would ride straight away with it to Frizinghall before the ladies come back." The prospect of doing something—and, what is more, of doing that something on a horse— brought Mr. Franklin up like lightning from the flat of his back. He sprang to his feet, and pulled me up, without ceremony, on to mine. "Betteredge, you are worth your weight in gold" he said. " Come along, and saddle the best horse in the stables directly!" Here (God bless it !) was the original English foundation of him showing through all the foreign varnish at last! Here was the Master Franklin I remembered coming out again in the good old way at the prospect of a ride, and re- minding me of the good old times! Saddle a horse for him ? I would have saddled a dozen horses if he could only have ridden them all! We went back to the house in a hurry ; we had the fleetest horse in the stables saddled in a hurry ; and Mr. Franklin rattled off in a hurry, to lodge the cursed diamond once more in the strong room of a bank. When I heard the last of his horse's hoofs on the drive, and when I turned about in the yard and found I was alone again, I felt half inclined to ask myself if I hadn't woke up from a dream. While I was in this bewildered frame of mind, sorely needing a little quiet time by myself to put me right again, my daughter Penelope got in my way (just as her late mother used to get in my way on the stairs), and instantly sum- moned me to tell her all that had passed at the conference between Mr. Franklin and me. Under present circumstances, the one thing to be done was to clap the extinguisher upon Penelope's curiosity on the spot. I accordingly replied that Mr. Franklin and I had both talked of foreign politics till we could talk no longer, and had then mutually fallen asleep in the heat of the sun. Try that sort of answer when your wife or your daughter next worries you with an awkward question at an awkward time, and depend on the natural sweetness of women for kissing and making it up again at the next opportunity. The afternoon wore on, and my lady and Miss Rachel came back. Needless to say how astonished they were when they heard that Mr. Franklin Blake had arrived, and had gone off again on horseback. Needless also to say, that they asked awkward questions directly, and that the " foreign poli- tics " and the " falling asleep in the sun " wouldn't serve a second time over with them. Being at the end of my invention, I said Mr. Franklin's arrival by the early train was entirely attributable to one of Mr. Franklin's freaks. Being asked, upon that, whether his galloping off again on horseback was another of Mr. Franklin's freaks, I said. " Yes, it was," and slipped out of it—I think, very cleverly—in that way. Having got over my difficulties with the ladies, I found more difficulties waiting for me when I went back to my own room. In came Penelope—with the natural sweetness of wo- men—to kiss and make it up again ; and—with the natural curiosity of women—to ask another question. This time, she only wanted me to tell her what was the matter with our second house-maid, Rosanna Spearman. After leaving Mr. Franklin and me at the Shivering Sand, Rosanna, it appeared, had re- turned to the house in a very unaccountable state of mind. She had turned (if Penelope was to be believed) all the colors of the rain- bow. She had been merry without reason, and sad without reason. In one breath she had asked hundreds of questions about Mr. Franklin Blake, and in another breath she had been angry with Penelope for presuming to suppose that a strange gentleman could possess any interest for her. She had been surprised smil- ing and scribbling Mr. Franklin's name inside her work-box. She had been surprised again crying, and looking at her deformed shoulder in the glass. Had she and Mr. Franklin known fall . for . . hoi . »f } my in . . . cole . . the . anything of each other before to-day? Quite impossible! Had they heard anything of each other? Impossible again! I could speak to Mr. Franklin's astonishment as genuine, when he saw how the girl stared at him. Penelope could speak to the girl's inquisitiveness as genuine, when she asked questions about Mr. Franklin. The conference between us, con- ducted in this way, was tiresome enough, until my daughter suddenly ended it by bursting out with what I thought the most monstrous sup- position I had ever heard in my life. " Father!" says Penelope, quite seriously, " there's only one explanation of it. Rosanna has fallen in love with Mr. Franklin Blake at first sight!" You have heard of beautiful young ladies falling in love at first sight, and have thought it natural enough. But a house-maid out of a re- formatory, with a plain face and a deformed shoulder, falling in love, at first sight, with a gentleman who comes on a visit to her mistress' house, match me that, in the way of an ab- surdity, out of any story-book in Christendom, if you can! I laughed till the tears rolled down my cheeks. Penelope resented my merriment, in rather a strange way. "I never knew you cruel before, father," she said, very gently, and went out. My girl's words fell on me like a splash of cold water. I was savage with myself, for feel- ing uneasy in myself the moment she had spoken them—but so it was. We will change the subject, if you please. I am sorry I drifted into writing about it, and not without reason, as you will see when we have gone on together a little longer. The evening came, and the dressing-bell for dinner rang, before Mr. Franklin returned from Frizinghall. I took his hot water up to his room myself, expecting to hear, after this extra- ordinary delay.that something had happened. To my great disappointment (and no doubt to yours also), nothing had happened. He had not met with the Indians, either going or re- turning. He had deposited the Moonstone in the bank—describing it merely as a valuable of great price—and he had got the receipt for it safe in his pocket. I went down stairs, feeling that this was rather a flat ending, after all our excitement about the diamond earlier in the day. How the meeting between Mr. Franklin and his aunt and cousin went off is more than I can tell you. I would have given something to have waited at table that day. But in my position in the household waiting at dinner (except on high family festivals) was letting down my dignity in the eyes of the other servants—a thing which my lady considered me quite prone enough to do already without seeking occasions for it. The news brought to me from the upper regions that evening came from Penelope and the foot- man. Penelope mentioned that she had never known Miss Rachel so particular about the dressing of her hair, and had never seen her look so bright and pretty as she did when she went down to meet Mr. Franklin in the draw- ing-room. The footman's report was, that the preservation of a respectful composure in the presence of his betters, and the waiting on Mr. Franklin Blake at dinner, were two of the hardest things to reconcile with each other that had over tried his training in service. Later in the evening we heard them singing and playing duets, Mr. Franklin piping high, Miss Rachel piping higher, and my lady, on the piano, fol- lowing them, as it were, over hedge and ditch, and seeing them safe through it in a manner most wonderful and pleasant to hear through the open windows, on the terrace at night. Later still, I went to Mr. Franklin in the smok- ing-room, with the sodawater and brandy, and found that Miss Rachel had put the diamond clean out of his head. " She's the most charm- ing girl I have seen since I came back to Eng- land!" was all I could extract from him, when I endeavored to lead the conversation to more serious things. Toward midnight I went round the home to lock up, accompanied by my second in command (Samuel, the footman), as usual. When all doors were made fast, except the side-door that opened on the terrace, I sent Samuel to bed and stepped out for a breath of fresh air before I too went to bed in my turn. The night was still and close, and the moon was at the full in the heavens. It was so silent out of doors, that I heard from time to time, very faint and low, the fall of the sea, as the ground-swell heaved it on the same bank near the mouth of our little bay. As the house stood, the terrace side was the dark side ; but the broad moonlight showed fair on the gravel- walk that ran along the next side of the terrace. Looking this way, after looking up at the sky, I saw the shadow of a person in the moonlight thrown forward from behind the corner of the house. Being old and sly, I forbore to call out ; but being also, unfortunately, old and heavy, my feet betrayed me on the gravel. Before I could steal suddenly round the corner, as I had pro- posed, I heard lighter feet than mine—and more than one pair of them, as I thought—retreating in a hurry. By the time I had got to the corner, the trespassers, whoever they were, had run into the shrubbery at the off side of the walk, and were hidden from sight among the thick trees and bushes in that part of the grounds. From the shrubbery they could easily make their way over our fence into the road. If I had been forty years younger I might have had a chance of catching them be- fore they got clear of our premises. As it was, I went back to set a-going a younger pair of legs than mine. Without disturbing anybody, Samuel and I got a couple of guns and went all round the house and through the shrubbery. Having made sure that no persons were lurking about anywhere in our grounds, we turned back. Passing over the walk where I had seen the shadow, I now noticed, for the first time, a little bright object, lying on the clean gravel, under the light of the moon. Picking the ob- ject up, I discovered that it was a small bottle, containing a thick, sweet-smelling liquor, as black as ink. I said nothing to Samuel. But, remembering what Penelope had told me about the jugglers, and the pouring of the little pool of ink into the palm of the boy's hand, I instantly suspected that I had disturbed the three Indians, lurking about the house, and bent, in their heathenish way, on discovering the whereabouts of the diamond that night. [TO BE CONTINUED.] ||OVER-WORK and UNDER-REST.—There is a quality of laboriousness in all we do—in our pleasures as well as in our work. We do every- thing fast and fashionably. We move in ruts, and crowds, and set modes. There is no play, no leisure, no quietness in our lives. One great evil is the multiplication of engagements. The men work longest and work best who do a few different things thoroughly—things so different, and withal so interesting, that the doing of one is a complete distraction from the cares incident to the doing of the others. But the most urgent want is that of rest. The Sweet vicissitudes of rest and toil make easy labor. A capital form of rest is one that has been most foolishly abused—we mean sleep. Nearly all the men that work well and long have been good sleepers ; they have the faculty of sleep- ing. Witness the Duke of Wellington and Lord Palmerston. But, short of sleep, we want more of quietness in social life. Our evening engagements are far too numerous, and our parties are too much of the nature of public meetings. They have lost all domesticity and simplicity, to say nothing of the cost of them, which is itself a care. They are so late as to extend far into the night. The injurious results of scanty rest are very obvious. They take two apparently opposite, but really related, forms —excitability and exhaustion. We are fearful and fatigued ; hyper sensitive, and subject to ennui. We are exquisitely sensitive to pain and discomfort on the one hand, and uncom- monly hard to please on the other. Neither moralists nor physicians have much control over the faults of our social life. We can only point them out, the remedy of them rests with the public.Will a few influential people who want easily to do an enormous amount of good, dare to initiate a few changes in our social arrange- ments in the direction of sleep and simplicity? —Lancet.|| 