EUMAN NOSES. MOST pereone believe ttiey have noses—and, as the sohoolmaster has now been abroad a good xnany yean, we presume a majority of our readers will admit that other people rejoice in nasal protuberances SB well as themselveB. It must, bow- *ver, be admitted that other propositions, quite as plain #B the nose on one's face, have been lately disputed, and in such cases, no end of argument Is required to'convince the doubting. Can any man awear that his mother hadanose ? How does be know that his memory has not failed, that his -eye- sight can be trusted, or that Imagination has not ran riot with his perceptive faculties ? It may be, that the excrescence upon the good old lady'a face of which he fancies he has a distinct recollection, • was a mere creation of his daydreams Instead of a living, tangible reality. Or perhapB it was a nose that was not a nose— V lucus a noalucendo "—for a true noBe drinks In fall surrounding odors, whilst, for aught the objector can depose to the contrary, his mother's nose may imve been nothing but an ornamental appendage to her countenance, perfectly useless for any practical purpose whatever. Indeed, now that we come to think of It, it is quite within the range of possibility that the reader's mother's nose mat entirely attifiolal—like her teeth, and her hair, and her hips, besides other et ceterat that came from the dentist, the barber, or the ' milliner, and were apt even fortieth cousins to any thing of kin to Niture. It is plain enough that if anybody chooses to be captions, or to deny that all his neighbors have noses, he may put us to a good deal of trouble to prove the fact. We know one person In tills neighborhood who tells ss he cannot distinguish between the odor that proceeds from a putrescent animal and that which emanates from Eaude^Cologne, yet he certainly ownB something that .looks wonderfully like a I nose. We should like'to see the proprietor of this unique article undera full head of steam, for then a shrewd guess might be made as to the nature land uses of such an organ. At present, an explanation of such phenomena would Jead to the darker recesses of a difficult branch of uncultivated natural science, of .which we are compelled to plead Ignorance, and Bohasten on. Now, we have always been rather curious about noses; and at one time we UBed to wonder why people did not all wear them in the same fashion. It seemed strange that there should be Grecian noses, and Roman noses, and Jewish -noses, and Fug noses, to say nothing of broad noses, and flat noses, and noses turned up as If they were alwayB smelling something disagreeable in the moon. We were then in a state of heathenish darkness, and imagined that the nasal protuberances of decent people were made chiefly for the benefit of those who weave linen and cambric handkerchiefs, whilst those of the other class were Intended to serve as handles by which such fellows migbtbecruvenieutlyledoutof places Into which they had Impudently Intruded. But since Ghosts began to revisit the earth, Mesmerists to work miracles, Quacks to raise the dead, and Theologians to subvert established laws of Nature, all the ideas we onco harbored have reoelved a'rude jostle, so that they are now in a fearful atate of confusion—some quite on an end.otherson thelrback, • fewtopsy turvy, and the whole in a state which forcibly reminds us of an entertainment at some free-and-easy, where everybody is at Hborty to do whatever seems good In his own eyes without the lqast regard to what others may think of the canity of ench conduct. We are trying to rearrange our thoughts, and from chaos to educe order. But the task Is DO easy one. Disjecta membra are in abundance, but they are curiously mixed up. We find that Geological discoverlos have fallen upon antiquated Theological dogmas, displaclng anddamaglng tbe latter. Homoeopathic globules are playlng the m}schle? , wltb>n jissortmentofw Btid we^etrtve in vaiu to re-unite ;the frngments ^f a system ontie held in veneration. -l jl0deroie0«-; latiop, the real property act, and an ever Increasing dirpojitipn to jeMgnine some of the jighte' of women,' have, tnade.^ad bavoo wlth ihe- highly prised legacies left by BAOOW, COKX, and {heir fellows. And now, wanderirig«^rits, w^6se;®rranj • seems to be to tell daptaln|of«}itin to steer south, south-west,or Lto c&utiob.thelr; wlves and children not<to embark on steamers that will be burnt at sea, are at tbis 'lostant playing Old Harry with common sense, and enquiring whether there are any sane.people left on the earth.' However, we shall see what can-be made of their noses. d. But every science must have a name. We should like to call this Note-ology, but'the doctors t have been too fast for us; tbey have ^already christened a branch of their »cience by a name.so very similar that confusion might ariae if we^ e adopted the word of our choice. " NOSOLOGY " is a. syBtematlo arrangement or classification of diseases—a subject entirely .foreign to that under consideration. WBBSTEB refuses to recognise " NABOLOGT," but we see no reason to follow hie example. We have already nasal, nasqltty, nasalize—why may we cot add Nosology—using . the word to mean everything indicated by noses ; r their uses, relations, and above all, what they , teach of human character. We often hear of folks who are " led by the nose," or who " thrust their noseB into other people's matters." Sometimes young men who are head over ears in love . get " their noBes put out 6f joint," and we also occasionally hear of ladies who " turn up their noses" at people supposed to be beneath them. Nasology IB therefore already a rudimentary science, and offers some encouragement to those who.feel disposed to cultivate it. Let not tbe reader be discouraged because some t . people will say all this is very ridiculous. Perhaps they may be right; but a great many ridiculous things are true notwithstanding. We know an , elderly man who some time ago married a nice young woman—a very-ridiculous thing, certainly —but it is a reality notwithstanding, as the brawU which disturb the peace of a neighboring village abundantly testify. We know a fair lady who since she obtained a fresh set- of teeth Is forever smiling to show off her newly acquired property —very ridiculous, no doubt, -but as true as porcelain, in spite of its absurdity. It Is very common for half the congregation to go to sleep whilst the parson is delivering hie after-dinner discourse, than which scarcely any thing can be much more ridiculous; but the snoreB which keep the remainder from following the bad example of the sleepers, supply conclusive evidence of the truth and genuineness of the. exhibition. Perhaps, however, we may find out as we proceed that there is nothing so very ridiculous about Nasology after all. Every thing that people have never thought much about is called ridiculous, or sceptical, or something else quite as bad, in the first instance and it is only when their ideas have been enlarged, and knowledge beglnB to Increase, that anything new seems otherwise. We have far more concern for the owners than they have for their own property, or we should not go so far out of our way to tell them what jewels noses are—how ornamental, how useful, what secrets they tell, and how carefully they should be handled. We wero looking a little while ago at a portrait of the late DUKE or WELLINGTON, and a very good portrait it was, if we remember the hero of Waterloo correctly. It {the picture), represented the Duke with a rather convex but undulating nose—what is generally called a " Boman nose.'' Now we had previously beard that conformations of this kind indicate great decision, with considerable energy and firmness, accompanied by but little regard for the refinements of life ; and, as Nasology happened to be uppermost in our mind whilst we were looking at the picture, we could not avoid the conclusion that here was one proof that might serve as a joroer-Btone for our new science. We need hardly tell anybody that the late DUKE OF WELLINGTON'S life abounds in incidents illustrative of promptness, decision, and energy, whilst his flrmnesBwas so remarkable that throughout a long life he was universally regarded aB obstinate to a fault. His nose and his character therefoce perfectly agree. And It is rather remarkable that in the long list of warriors and statesmen supplied by the Encyclopedias, there is not one of whose likeness it Is possible at pre- «ent to obtain a copy, who being distinguished for the same qualities, did not also ..possess a noso of the same description. As examples we refer to JULIUS CJBSAB, CHARLES V., EOBEBT BBUCE, CHBI6T0PHEB GOLTJMBUB, GSOBGE WASHINGTON, and many others, whom no privation could turn aside from a course once resolved upon; no fear appal; or regard for their own or Bnybody else's personal comfort induce to halt by the way. Such men's successes wore not the fruit of forethought or diplomacy, but may be traced to inherent energy and perseverance. A Boman noBe may not make its owner decided, firm and energetic; it may not cause him to disregard the amenities of life; but it Is a fact worth remembering that all who have exhibited these traits in an eminent degree, bad, so far as we can ascertain, Boman noseB. We may add that the ancients seem also to havo observed this coincidence, if it be nothing more, for they represented Jupiter, Hercules, Minerva, Bellatrlx, and other energetio deities with noses of this description—which, however, they called " Koyal," because, as PLATO tells us, they found them invariably associated with power and energy. Well, having a corner-stone, we proceed to build upon it. A Greek nose is always straight —that Is to say a perfect Greek—for we shall consider compound or half-bred noses by-and-byc. It is supposed to be associated with refinement of character, love of literature and the fine arts, astuteness, energy in the pursuit of what accords with Its possessor's tastes,-but with ifo inclination or ability for exertion in opposition thereto. Now all these were traits In the character of the people from whom we borrow the name. Witness Grecian excellence in art, elevation in philosophy, acuteness In reasoning, and richness in poetic inspiration—what a pity that we are obliged to add> witucBs also an almost universal Inclination to mendacity, and craft, which we find indelibly written upon every page of their history. The Greeks fought eertaUly, but their wars were chiefly defensive.. Leaving out of view the battles of AIIEXASOSB, in which Macedonians and Asiatio mercenaries were chief actors, tbe result is that tbe Greeks made no foreign conquest!, or sough to extend their ^empire: Isit' not a fact which we may well appropriate tothei service of Nasology. that as an1ii(£ as wsre Grecian' and Boman nosea' werealsO'the people amongwliichihesetw'odiffesame organ are known, icuous? And if we can Qrecian' noses are. connebted witb the'iatne characteristics, we shall be still, better entitled to claim that we have ujade another step of progress. •> • - Well, among palntersj poetsfand literary men who wore Grecian'noses we find MILTON, SPENCEB, RAJTAELLE.BUBENB, BY EON, SHELLEY, and many ilthere of less note—but we find none of distinction with rugose, coarse noses. If we were at liberty to Include living writers, this catalogue might be greatly lengthened. And here we propose to halt./It is by no means our Intention to write a treatise upon noseB, but it will require several issues to contain what we desire to say on this subject. In our next we Bhall present the characteristics associated with noses of a different shape from either Grecian or Roman, and after a time we may.attempt to weave a system from the filaments which it is thought most desirable to present separately. The proposition to be ultimately demonstrated is, that a man's nose is a terrible babbler and revealB a great deal more of bis character than is generally imagined. 