Wdfilg jSflMHttg* , 9 ? — The illustrious individual -who. under. the assumed name of some Austrian ?? Count has; been starring;it both in Sydney and the «olohy of Queensland, ..turns out to be .. a, rank importer.' Formerly a valet he ob tained the credentials of his master and with,: these passports he succeeded ia vic timising . not only his private friends but some shrewd bank managers who could not detect the spuriousness of his papers. It is »ot-;siirprising to find that the Count was very 'liberal in bestowing hia favors, for he kney sufficient of human nature.to know thaj; generosity was a capital means of gaining admittance into the higher circle of «oeiety. Acting upon this principle he made a handsome money donation to St. Marji's'; Cathedral Building Committee and ??n leaving Sydney he left as a last souve idr a handsome pair of horses for which he itad^no further use, to be raffled for the same purpose. It must have been rather annoying to these gentlemen to find that the noble Count had; at the expense of ?others, made these presents tjo- the 'Cathe dral,' but no sooner had the imposition been discovered than they wisely resolved to have nothing to do with them, and tney! have intimated their desire that both the money and the horses should be devoted to ?satisfy the claims which the Count has left unsatisfied. It is rather surprising that the Sydney folks are so easily imposed upon by an adventurer who employed the name of his former master. It did not re quire a. very shrewd man to guess that an % individual laying claim to the titles and es tates of an Austrian Count should have some ready money when travelling in foreign countries. Drafts upon a European banker require many weeks before their genuineness can be tested, and after the memorable visit and successful swindle of the now historical Miranda a better caution should be used in dealing with foreign counts especially when they are sailing in yachts such as the Ghost of Hamlet. We have nothing much to communi cate to our friends ; respecting the lawsuit against the proprietors of this journal. Our case is in the hands of our solicitor, ?who has retained the services of two of the leading barristers, who will give the Hon. the Attorney-General some trouble ia getting the better of them. The decla ration on the part of the Crown, and our plea iii reply, have both been filed, and it «nly remains for the Court to fix the day of trial. Whether this will be during the present or next term, we are not in a position to state ; for the law is a cumbrous macMr:3, and moves slowly along. In the aieaav-'iii^e, we feel highly gratified to and thai, rAi over fe-ie colony the net of Mr. MwfAa is denounced us p, piece of tyranny, and looked upon as au attempt to cruah the only journal in which. Catholics and Irisuuien can- give expression to their opinions. From the action taken by our subscribers — some of which is chronicled in the present issue- — it must be evident that the Attorney'' G;.eneral has undertaken a task which he will, -never succeed in aclnWmer : he could have f had but a fainfc idea of the hold which the Freeman's Journal has upon its readers, and he must already begin to regret that he has begun the dirty work of crushing a journal because it was opposed to Ms political conduct. If Mr. Martin lives fifty years longer, his present action, against the Catholic journal 'will be thrown in hia face whenever he ahows himself in public. Most of the headers of the Freeman remember the* tamo when lie was hunted from constitu ency to constituency, and it was only when '6 appealed to the priests and Catholic electors to support him that he* found him self returned by two electorates. What a picture of political regeneration have we not witnessed since that time !.' From the friend of the Catholics he .has become their bitterest opponent ; but greater men than Mr. Martin have disappeared from public life during the turmoil of a general election. One of the, darkest pages-— if the life of the present, Attorney-General be written^— will be that which chronicles ihe framing and passing of the Botany Bay Treason Felony Bill and Ms political prosecution of the Freeman's Journal/ After several months, of interregnum the colony of .Queensland has again passed' into the hands of a Governor. His Ex cellency Colonel Blackall came out by the last overland mail, and at once .pro* ceeded .to, the seat of his. Government. The people of Brisbane gave him' a most hearty welcome, in fact, such aa ia ac corded, by, every British colony to the Queen's representative, on entering upon , the responsibility of his official duties. Whether he will receive the same .hearty cheers .whence resigns his trust to another, tinie,;only will tell, but in a colony such as Queensland; where a constitution of the nibst liberal kind exists, the head of the ?Exbciit^ve^jnust possess more than average ability,; ; Here we have seen in the person of Sir John Young, how a Governor may pass through a difficult tenure of office and still possess the love and esteem of the in habitants over whom he has ruled. Colonel Blackall has entered upon the Government of Queensland at a difficult moment ; he finds the Parliamentary ses sion just opened, and his responsible ministers met with a vote of want of con fidence carried by a large majority. He can ;know nothing of the different parties, which comprise the Assembly, and he must therefore blindly follow the advice of ministers, who do not possess' the confidence of the representatives of the people. Whether a resignation or dissolution will . be the result we are not yet informed, but in any case the new Governor has a diffi cult as well as delicate task to undertake, at the very threshold of his assumption of his duties as Governor. The rage for volunteering is greatly on the increase, not only in the metropolis, but also in the country districts. The Highland Brigade — of which we have heard so much of late — is not progressing as satisfactorily as some would desire. The exclusiveness with which it is endeavoured to organise the brigade is giving great offence; for, while the rules admit .the sons and the grandsons of Scotchmen, no, matter where born, they .exclude thoso of i Scotch women, even if born in Scotland. The result is a pretty squabble on the question. We hear nothing more of the Sortb. of Ireland Brigade ; perhaps because they were threatened with a South of Ireland Brigade, 01 perhaps a Tipperary one. The loyal inhabitants of Kiama are anxious to figure upon a colonial army Kst, and attempts are being made to form a body of volunteers in that milk and butter district ; and, if successful, we would advise them to call themselves the ' Loyal Kiama Grays.' No doubt, in case of a hostile invasion, this brigade would give a good account of itself, especially if the present Colonial Secretary happened to be , still in office ; when they might be allowed to change their name into that of the ' Koyal Kiama Grays.' Even in Bathurst, beyond the Blue Mountains, we read that11 a body of volunteers are about to be en rolled ; for what purpose we cannot under standj unless it be to parade before the Ministers whenever they visit the metro polis of tk« West. The Ministerial pic nicing ground will, no doubt, extend that far when the railway is opened to Bathurst. But while bodies of volunteers are spring ing up throughout the country, it must not be imagined that all this is done with out money ; on the contrary, the volunteer force afready costs the country several thousands of . pounds per annum, and this sum increases every year. We can see some sense in encouraging volunteers in Sydney, but we cannqt see the use of them in the remote towns of the interior. The i code pi political morality must be very low amongst our neighbors in Vic toria, for no sooner is one scandal hushed up; tli^iLi another is revealed. The oppo nent? of the present Government, at the head of which is Mr. M'Culloch, have spared no pains in exposing the faults of the. ministers, and during the recent ministerial elections the private affairs of thci candidates were ransacked with the view of exposing some shortcoming: Mr. Sladen the head of the Opposition, was recently entertained at a banquet, and he there charged the firm of which Mr. M'Culloch is a member of having benefit ted to the tune of some six hundred pounds, through the suppression of a revenue Act by the Government, of which that gentle man was a member. This was of course indignantly denied, but from the papers presented tq- the Parliament of that country it appears that the firm of M'Culloch, Sellar and Co., cleared above six hundred pounds through the action of the then (government,. ,. A charge of a most disgraceful kind has also been made against Mr. C. E. Jones* and supported by several affidavits. He is accused of having acceptediva sum of money, in consideration of his endeavors to oust Mr. M'Culloch from* -office during the dead look, previous to this, having been a firm supporter of that gentleman. It appears that the sum ©f money paid, was not as large as Jones expected, for we find that he did not turn against his political leader, although he pocketed the bribe, and at the present moment he is still sitting on the Treasury benches. These political scandals do not appear/ to create much astonishment amongst the Victorians, for they look upon them as mere trifles. It is fortunate that Victoria stands alone in this respect. The Police authorities have succeeded in obtaining a conviction against the men who committed the silk robbery from Messrs. -Chisholm and Co., some months ago. Whatever objection some peojile 'may have against the existence of a detec tive force, there can be no denying that in many, cases they are instrumental in ferret - ting out the perpetrators of crimes, who, 'but for them, would escape punishment. In the present instance it appears that several persons had a hand in the robbery, and that one of the parties got frightened, and to escape himself, disclosed the whole affair to the detectivo authorities. Once on the scent these officers did not give up the trail till they got both the stolen pro perty and the thieves, In all probability the same parties were implicated in an ex tensive robbery of silks from the premises of Messrs. Farmer, Painter and Pope, of Pitt street, but in this case the goods were never recovered. The detectives are also engaged in getting sufficient evidence to implicate certain- suspected parties, in the robbery of boots, from Messrs. Callaghan and Sons, and df money from the office of the Aus tralian Steam Navigation Company's Offices. Tho detectives have generally a goj'd knowledge of the sharp'ers and thieves about town, and by keeping an eye upon then;, they are often prevented from com HiittitJg robberies which but for these officer^ would be perpetrated. The Police Court was occupied on- M«ri* day in hearing a case of 'threatening l«a« , guage, brought by Mr. F.; Lee against & !,' man named Thomas Hinnigan.; A simpto V-- case like this would not be worth1 me&o;^ - tioning were it not for the causes whi«& '' gave rise to the trial. It appears i that Mlv Lee was a most intimate friend ot the: lat*, Dr. Bland, and when he found that botk the Sydney Morning Herald and Mail. in noticing the decease of this gentleman reflected, in a very indecent manner, upofc the causes, which led to his coming to Att«-« '' tralia, he claimed the right to defend th«. memory of his departed' friend. M?, Fairfax refused ' to publish ^r. Leek c«m« ; ; munication, whereupon the latter gently man had it printed and privately circulated1 ?? at the same time making allusion to tlwj tyranny of the Hebald, and td some tran sactions of its owner &t; Leamingtoi?. j^ England. What this affair wasj was not stated. Thereupon, Mr. Hinnigan d$«- clared himself the champion of Mr. Fairfax and went to the office where the brochnjs was printed, expecting to find Mr. X-e$ there, but being disappointed in this, h% - declared his intention of horsewhipping him on the first opportunity which : pr^» '- sented itself. It was for ' this threat i&fct; : he was taken before , the magistrates, i& order to bind him over to keep the pea$$»; In his defence, : Hinnigan, stated that as & ' faithful servant he felt annoyed that- such a gentleman as Mr. Fairfax should ba.Vfc s anyining imputed . to His honorable; chara$» ' ter. We congratulate the Herald &&-$ its proprietor on having so valiant and '. pugnacious a champion in the person iot ., Mr. Hinnigan, but f©r. his sake would ad» vise them to tender Mm a little good ad- - ' vice, not to brag too much of what he Js ?'-?.. I willing to perform as a faithful servant of V -V Mr. .Fairfax- The affair was settled amicably by Mr. Hinnigan having to apt-I-^ ; gise for the words which he had used. ' ' For many months past the astronomers ' of the. world have been looking forward to the eclipse of the sun which was to ' happen on the 18th instant, and several qf ? the Governments of Europe have sent out scientific expeditions to the most favorably spots to take notes of the phenomenon. It is well known that many important ealcu* lations respecting the heavenly bodies can be tested during an eclipse of the sun, a&d; as the relative position of the sun and moon with respect to each other can be a.Q. ; curately examined during the same phen.o» menon, it is not surprising that so biuc& interest was taken during the presentj '[: eclipse. Here in Sydney, not more thai* [ one third of the sun was obscured by th$ I shadow of the moon,, and -as the sky wai free from clouds at the time it created* large amount of intor-v;t. There is a genej» ral opinion that an eclipse of either thfc ? sun or nicon cannec; a groab change in th$ weather, and cortivijily tho sudden and vi$» '; lent change whi.e! ; f. - i i owed th e present phe. » nomenon' would lend tLo.,u?ileamed to b®» ., lieye in this uuctriiie. .Noi; many houys ? :? had elapsed after -the eclipse when a vioientj ' gale arose, and blew with such violence ac» ' companied with such rain that the natural inference was that the boisterous weather was the consequence of the eclipse. Be sides the extraordinary tidal' derangements' ~\ which occurred for two -:!ajrs previous t$ , r the eclipse were by many .attributed to the ?' phenomenon, while by others it was ac-- ; counted for. by some vo'aanic eruption which had taken' place at some distance, ' from this coast. 'WhateVer, may have been the immediate cause of j - oliis ; disturbance^ '? it is sure that the like had- not been seen by even the oldest inhabitant ;;of ..Sydney, ' ? %.'j When the leaders' of tHe Wariy scientific ex* peditions publish tlie result of their obscr» vations, we shall be in a better position to judge of the late extraordinary occurrence^ 