The Novelist. ANNE HEREFORD. BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE." CHAPTER I. MRS. EDWIN BARLEY. An express train was dashing along a line of rails in the heart of England. On one of the first-class carriages there had been a board, bearing the intimation "For Ladies Only," but the guard had taken it off when the train first started. It had come many miles since. Seated inside, the only passenger in that compartment, was a little girl in deep mourning. All was black about her, save the white frills of her drawers, which peeped below her short, black, flounced frock. A thoughtful, gentle child, with a smooth, pale forehead, earnest eyes, and long, dark eyelashes that swept her cheek. It was a gloomy September day, foggy, and threatening rain—a sad-looking day ; and the child's face seemed to have borrowed the aspect of the weather, pervaded, as it was, by a tinge of sad- ness. That little girl was myself, Anne Here- ford. The train slackened speed, and glided into an important station, larger than any we had passed. It was striking 1, and the guard came up to the carriage. "Now, my little lady," said he, " change lines here, and stop for ten minutes." I liked that guard. He had a kind, hearty face, and he had come up several times to the carriage- door during the journey, asking how I got on. He told me he had a little girl of his own, about as old as I. "Are you hungry ?" he asked, as he lifted me from the carriage. "Not very, thank you. I hare eaten the biscuits." "Halloa ! Stern !" he called out, stopping a man who was hurrying past. "Are you going with the Nettleby train ?" "Yes. What if I am ?" was the man's answer. He was rightly named Stern, for he had a stern sour face. "See this little girl. She is in the guard's charge. To be put in the ladies' carriage, and taken on to Nettleby." The man gave a short nod by way of answer, and hurried away. And the guard took me into a large room, were crowds were pressing round a counter. "Here, Miss Williams," he said, to one of the young women behind it, "Give this little lady something to eat and drink, and take care of her till the Nettleby train starts. She's to have what comes to a shilling." "What will you take, my dear ?" asked Miss Williams. She was pouring me out a cup of coffee when the guard came up again. "Your baggage is changed, little lady," said he. "You'll find it all right at the Nettleby station. Good day." "Good- bye, and thank you," I answered, holding out my hand that he might shake it. I felt sorry to part with him—he seemed like a friend. Soon after, the surly guatd put in his head and beckoned to me. He marshalled me to a carraige which had a similar board upon it to the other, " For Ladies Only," and shut me in without a word. Two ladies sat opposite to me. They did not speak either ; but they stared a great deal. I thought it must be at the two tarts Miss Williams had given me in a paper bag, and I did not like to eat them. At the next station another lady got in, and she began talking at once. "Are you travelling all alone, little girl ?" "Yes, ma'am. The guard takes care of me." "Have you come far ?" I had come from a remote part of Devonshire, the sea- coast. It seemed a long way to me, and I said so. "Will you tell me your name ? I daresay it is a pretty one." "It is Anne Hereford." "Devonshire is a very nice part of the coun- try. Have you lived in it all your life ?" "Not quite. I was born in India. Mamma brought me to England when I was three years old." "You are in deep mourning. Is it for a near relative ?" I did not answer. I turned to look out at the window until the tears should go away again. I could not bear that strangers should see them. The lady asked again, and presently I turned round. "For mamma." She was silent for some time, looking at me. "Is your papa dead also ?" "He died a long while before mamma did." "You say you were born in India: perhaps he was an officer ?" "He was Colonel Hereford." "How many brothers and sisters have you ?" "Not any." "Where are you going to live ?" "I don't know. I am going now to my Aunt Selina's." The train approached a station and the lady got out, or she probably would have asked me a great deal more. At the station following that, the two silent ladies left, and I was alone again. The first thing I did was to eat my tarts, and throw away the paper bag. After that I fell asleep, and remembered no more till the guard's surly voice woke me. "This is Nettleby, if you are a-going to get out." He said something about some luggage. "How much is it ?" "A large box and a small one, and two carpet bags. 'Miss Hereford, passenger to Nettleby,' is written on them. Can you please to tell me whether it is far to Mr. Edwin Barley's ?" "I don't know any Mr. Edwin Barley. Jem," added he, to one of the porters, "see after her. I'm going to hand out her things." "Where do you want to go, miss ?" the por- ter asked. "To Mr. Edwin Barley's. They told me I must get out at the Nettleby station, and ask to be sent on, unless a carriage met me here." "You must mean Mr. Edwin Barley, of Hal- lam." "Yes, that's it. Is it far ?" "Well, Hallam's five miles off, and the house is a mile on this side of it. There's no rail, miss ; you must go by the omnibus." "But are you sure that Mrs. Edwin Barley has not come to meet me ?" I asked, feeling a sort of chill. Not any one had come, and the porter put me into the omnibus with some more passengers. What a long drive it seemed ! And the hedges and trees looked very dreary, for the shades of evening were gathering. At the foot of a hill the omnibus pulled np, and a man who had sat by the driver came inside for Mr. ????????? I got out, and the luggage was put upon the ground. "Two shillings, miss." "Two shillings !" I repeated, in an accent of alarm. "Why, did you expect to come for one—and inside too ! It's uncommon cheap, is this omni- bus." "Oh, it is not that. But I have not any money." "Not got any money !" "They did not give me any. They gave the guard my fare to Nettleby. Mr. Sterling said I should be sure to be met." The man went up to the driver. "I say, Bill, this child says she's got no money." The driver turned round and looked at me. "We can call to-morrow for it ; I dare say it's all right. Do you belong to the Barleys, miss ?" "Mrs. Edwin Barley is my aunt. I am come on a visit to her." "Oh, it's all right. Get up, Joe." "But please," said I, stopping the man, in an agony of fear—for I could see no house, nor sign of one, save a small, round, low building that might contain one room—"which is Mr. Edwin Barley's? Am I to stay in the road with the boxes ?" The man laughed, said he had supposed I knew, and began shouting out, "Here, missis !" "You see that big green gate, miss ?" he added to me. "Well, that leads up to Mr. Barley's, and that's his lodge." A woman came out of the lodge, in answer to the shout, and opened the gate. The man ex- plained, put the trunks inside the gate, and the omnibus drove on. "I beg pardon that I can't go up to the house with you, miss, but it's not far, and you can't miss it," said she. "I have got my baby sick in its cradle, and dare not leave it alone. You are little Miss Hereford ?" "Yes." "It's odd they never sent to meet you at Nettleby, if they knew you were coming ! But they have visitors at the house, and perhaps young madam forgot it. Straight on, miss, and you'll soon come to the hall door ; go up the steps, and give a good pull at the bell." There was no help for it ; I had to go up the gloomy avenue alone. It was a broad gravel drive, wide enough for two carriages to pass each other; a thick grove of trees on either side. The road wound round, and I had just got in sight of the house when I was startled con- siderably by what proved to be a man's head projecting beyond the trees. He appeared to be gazing steadfastly at the house, but turned his face suddenly at my approaoh. But for that, I might not have observed him. The faoe looked dark, ugly, menacing; and I started with a spring to the other side of the way. I did not speak to him, or he to me, but my heart beat with fear, and I was glad enough to see lights from several of the windows in front of me. I thought it a very large house. I found afterwards that it contained eighteen rooms, and some of them small ; but then we had lived in a pretty cottage of six. There was no need to ring. At the open door stood a man and a maid-servant, laughing and talking. "Who are you ?" cried the girl. "I want Mrs. Edwin Barley." "Then I think want must be your master," she returned. "It is somebody from Hallam, I suppose. Mrs. Edwin Barley cannot possibly see you to-night." "You just go away, little girl, !' added the footman. "You must come to-morrow morn ing, if you want anything." Their manner was so authoritative that I felt frightened, nearly crying, as I stood. What if they should really turn me away ! "Why don't you go ?" asked the girl, sharply. "I have nowhere to go to. My boxes are down at the gate." "Why, who are you ?" she inquired, in a quick tone. "I am Miss Hereford." "Heart alive !" she whispered to the man. "I beg your pardon, miss. I'll call Charlotte Delves." "What's that ? Who will you call ?" broke from an angry voice at the back of the hall. 'Call 'Charlotte Delves,' will you ? Go in to your work this instant, you insolent girl. Do you hear me, Jemima ?" "I didn't know you were there, Miss Delves," was the half-saucy, half-deprecating answer. "The young lady has come—Miss Hereford." A tall, slight, good-looking woman of thirty- five or thirty-six came forward. I could not tell whether she was a lady or a maid. She wore a small, stylish cap, and a handsome mus- lin gown with flounces—which were in fashion then. Her eyes were light ; long, dark curls fell on either side her face, and her address was good. "How do you do, Miss Hereford ?" she said, taking my hand. "Come in, my dear. We did not expect yon until next week. Mrs. Barley is in the drawing-room." "Mrs. Barley is in her chamber, dressing for dinner," contended Jemima, from the back of the hall, as if intent on aggravation. Miss Delves made no reply. She ran upstairs, and opened a door, from whence came a warm glow of fire-light. "Wait there a moment," she said, looking round at me. "Mrs. Edwin Barley, the child has come." "What child ?" returned a voice—a young, gay, sweet voice. "Little Miss Hereford." "My goodness! Come to-day ! And I with no mourning about me, to speak of. Well, let her come in." I knew my aunt Selina again in a moment. She had stayed with us in Devonshire for three months, two years before, when she was nine- teen. The same lovely face, with its laughing blue eyes, and its shining golden hair. She wore an embroidered clear-muslin white dress, with low body and sleeves, and a few black ribbons; jet bracelets, and a long jet chain. "You darling child ! But what made you come in this strange way, without notice ?" "Mr. Sterling said he wrote word to you, Selina, that I should be here on Thursday. You ought to have had the letter yesterday." "Well, so he did write ; but I thought—how stupid I must have been !" she interrupted, with a sudden laugh. "I declare I took it to mean next Thursday. But you are all the more wel- come, dear. You have grown prettier, Anne, with those deep eyes of yours." I stood before her very gravely. I had dreaded the meeting, believing it would be one of sobs and lamentation for my mother. I had not taken into account how careless and light- headed Selina was. I had called her "Selina " since, a little girl of four, I had gone on a visit to Keppe Carew. Taking off my bonnet, she kissed me several times, and then held me before her by my hands as she sat on the sofa. Miss Delves had gone out and closed the door. ???? not home from shooting yet, ?????? When they go to the far covers, there's no know- ing when they'll be in : two nights ago they kept me waiting dinner until 8 o'clock." "Who did, Aunt Selina ?" "Mr. Barley, and the rest," she answered carelessly. "Anne, how very strange it was that your mamma should have died so quickly at the last ! It was only two weeks before her death that she wrote to tell me she was ill." "She had been ill longer than that, Aunt Selina—" "Call me Selina, child." "But she did not tell anyone until she knew there was danger. She did not tell me." "It was a renewal of that old complaint she had in India—that inward complaint." I turned my head and my wet eyes from her "They told me it was her heart, Selina." "Yes ; in a measure, that had something to do with it. It must have been a sad parting, Anne. Why, child, you are sobbing !" "Please don't talk of it !" "But I must talk of it : I like to have my curiosity gratified," she said, in her quick way. "Did the doctors say from the first that there was no hope ?" "Mamma knew there was no hope when she wrote to you. She had told me so the day before." "I wonder she told you at all." "Oh, Selina! that fortnight was too short for the leave-taking ; for all she had to say to me. It will be years, perhaps, before we meet again." "Meet again ! Meet where ?" "In heaven !" "You are a strange child !" exclaimed Selina, looking at me very steadfastly. "Ursula has infected you, I see, with her serious notions. I used to tell her there was time enough for it years hence." "And mamma used to tell you that, perhaps if you put off and put off, the years hence might never come for you, Selina." "What ! you remember that, do you ?" she said, with a smile. "Yes, she used to lecture me ; she was fifteen years older than I, and as- sumed the right to do to." "Mamma never lectured ; what she said was always kind and gentle," was my sobbing answer. "Yes, yes. You think me insensible now, Anne ; but my grief is over—that is, the vio- lence of the grief. When the letter came to say Ursula was dead, I cried the whole day, never ceasing." "Mamma had a warning of her death," I continued ; for it was one of the things she had charged me to tell to her sister Selina. "Had a what, child ?" "A warning. The night before she was taken ill—I mean dangerously ill—she dreamt she saw papa in a most beautiful place, all light and flowers ; no place on earth could ever have been so beautiful, except the Garden of Eden. He beckoned her to come to him, and pointed to a vacant place by his side, saying, 'It is ready for you now, Ursula.' Mamma awoke then, and the words were sounding in her ears ; she could have felt sure that they were positively spoken." "And you can tell me this with a grave face calling it a warning !" exclaimed Selina. "Mamma charged me to tell it you. She related the dream to us the next morning " "Us ! Whom do you mean, child ?" "Me and our old maid Betty. She was my nurse, you know. Mamma said what a pleasant dream it was, that she was sorry to awake from it ; but after she grew ill, she said she knew it was sent as a warning." Selina laughed. "You have lived boxed up with that stupid old Betty and your mamma, child, until you are like a grave little woman. Ursula was always superstitious. You will say you believe in ghosts next." "No, I do not believe in ghosts. I do in warnings. Mamma said that never a Keppe Carew died yet without being warned of it ; though few of them had noticed it at the time." "There, that will do, Anne. I am a Carew and I don't want to be frightened into watching for a 'warning.' You are a Carew also, by the mother's side. Do you know, my poor child that you are not left well off ?" "Yes ; mamma has told me all. I don't mind." "Don't mind !" echoed Selina, with another light laugh. "That's because you don't under- stand, Anne. What little your mamma had left has been sunk in an annuity for your edu- cation—eighty or a hundred pounds a-year, until you are eighteen. There's something more, I believe, for clothes and incidental ex- penses." "I said I did not mind, Selina, because I am not afraid of getting my own living. Mamma said that a young lady, well-educated and of good birth, can always command a desirable position as governess. She told me not to fear, for God would take care of me." "Some money might be desirable for all that," returned my aunt, in a tone that sounded full of irreverence to my unaccustomed ears. "The maddest step Colonel Hereford ever took was that of selling out. He thought to better him- self, and he spent and lost the money, leaving your mamma with very little when he died." "I don't think mamma cared much for money, Selina." "I don't think she did, or she would not have taken matters so quietly. Do you remember, Anne, how she used to go on at me when I said I should marry Edwin Barley ?" "Yes ; mamma said how very wrong it would be of you to marry for money." "Quite true. She used to put her hands to her ears when I said I hated him. Now, what are those earnest eyes of yours searching me for ?" "Do you hate him, Selina!" "I am not dying of love for him, you strange child." "One day a poor boy had a monkey before the window, and you said Mr. Edwin Barley was as ugly as that. Is he ugly ?" Selina burst into a peal of ringing laughter. "Oh, he is very handsome, Anne ; as handsome as the day ; when you see him you shall tell me if you don't think so. I— What is the matter ? What are you looking at ?" As I stood before my aunt, the door behind her seemed to be pushed gently open. I had thought some one was coming in ; and said so. "The fire-light must have deceived you Anne. That door is kept bolted ; it leads to a passage communicating with my bedroom, but we do not use it." "I am certain that I saw it open," was my answer : and an unpleasant, fanciful thought came over me that it might be the man I saw in the avenue. "It is shut now ; it shut again when I spoke." She rose, walked to the door, and tried to open it, but it was fast. "You see, Anne. Don't you get fanciful, my dear; that is what your mamma was," and I shook my head in answer. "Selina, did not Mr. Edwin Barley want me to go to Mrs. Hemson's, instead of coming here ?" "Who told you that ?" "I heard Mr. Sterling talking of it with mam- ma." "Mr. Edwin Barley did, little woman. Did you hear why he wished it ?" "No." "You should have heard that, it was so flattering to me. He thought I was too giddy to take charge of a young lady. " "Did he ?" "But Ursula would not accept the objection. It could not matter for a few weeks, she wrote to Mr. Edwin Barley, whether I were giddy or serious, and she could not think of consigning you, even temporarily, to Mrs. Hemson. Ah ! my cousin Frances Carew and I took exactly opposite courses, Anne : I married for money, she for love. She met an attractive stranger at a watering-place, and married him." "And it was not right." "It was all wrong. He was a tradesman. A good-looking, educated man ; I grant that ; but a tradesman. Never was such a thing heard of, as for a Carew to stoop to that. You see, Anne, she had learnt to like him before she knew anything of his position, or who he was. He was a visitor at the place, just as she was. Of course she ought to have given him up. Not she ; she gave herself and her money to him, and a very pretty little fortune she had." "Did she marry in disobedience ?" "That cannot be charged upon her, for she was alone in the world, and her own mistress. But a Carew of Keppe Carew ought to have known better." "She was not of Keppe Carew, Selina." "She was. Don't you know that, Anne ? Her father was Carew of Keppe Carew ; and when he died without a son, his brother, your mamma's father and mine, became Carew of Keppe Carew. He died in his turn, leaving no son, and Keppe Carew and its broad lands went to a distant man, the male heir. We three Carews have all married badly, in one way or another." Mrs. Edwin Barley was speaking dreamily then, as if forgetting anybody heard her. "She, Frances, married Hemson the trades- man, throwing a barrier between herself and her family ; Ursula married Colonel Hereford, to wear out a few of her best years in India, and then to die in poverty, and leave an un- provided-for child; and I have married him, Edwin Barley. Which is the worst, I wonder ?" I thought over what she said in my busy brain. Few children had so active a one. "Selina, you say you married Mr. Edwin Barley because he is rioh." "Well." "Why did you, when you were rich your self ?" "I rich ? You will count riches differently when you are older. Why, Anne, do you know what my fortune was ? Four thousand pounds. Ursula had the same, and she and Colonel Hereford apent it. That put a notion in my father's head, and he tied mine up tight enough, securing it to my absolute use until I die." "Will it be Mr. Barley's when you die, Selina ?" "Were I to die before next Monday, it would be yours, pussy, for it is so settled. After that, if I die without a will, it would go to Mr. Edwin Barley; but I shall be of age next Monday, and then can make one. I think it must be my first care—a will;" she laughed. "So munificent a sum to dispose of ! Shall I leave it to you ?" The room-door was pushed open, and some- one entered. A shortish man, of nearly forty years, in a velveteen shooting-coat and gaiters, and with a dark face ; the same dark face that looked out from the trees in the avenue. I shrank round Selina with a sudden fear. Not that the features were particularly ill-favored in themselves, but so dark and stern. And the remembrance of the fright was on me still. "Where are you coming to, child ?" she said. "This is Mr. Edwin Barley." CHAPTER II. IN THE WOOD. That Mr. Edwin Barley ! My imagination had been setting him down for a robber at least; and the thought flashed over me—How could Selina have married him ? Another thought came with it—Had he been the intruder at the door ? "Who is that, Selina ?" he asked, in a very strong, determined voice, but not an unpleasing one. "Anne Hereford. Fancy my making so stupid a mistake as to conclude it was next Thursday the lawyer meant. And she has had to find her way from Nettleby, in the best way she could." He looked at me with his black eyes, the blackest eyes I had ever seen. Either they wore a warning expression, or I fancied so, and I took it to mean I was not to say I saw him watching the house from the avenue. No fear, after that, that I should speak of it. "Did you walk from Nettleby, little one ?" "No, sir. I came in the omnibus to the gate." ''She has been asking me if you were very handsome ; and I told her to wait and see," observed Selina, with a laugh, and somehow it grated on my ears. He made no reply in words, but his brow contracted a little. "How is it you are home before the others ?" she resumed. "And where are they lingering ? Charlotte Delves says the dinner is spoiling." "They cannot be far behind," was Mr. Edwin Barley's answer. "I'll go and dress." As he went out of the room we heard sounds of voices and laughter. Selina opened the window, and I stood by her. The night had grown clearer, the moon was bright. Three gentlemen, dressed something like Mr. Edwin Barley, were approaching the house with game, guns, and dogs. "Can you see them by this light, Anne ?" "I can see that two are young, and one looks old. He has grey hair." "Not very old, not more than fifty—but he is so stout. It is the parson, Mr. Martin." "Do parsons go out shooting, Selina ?" "Only when they can get the chance," she laughed. "That young one is Philip King, a ward of Mr. Edwin Barley's. He and I are not friends at all, and I do what I can to vex him. He is terribly ill-tempered." "Is he !" "He fell in love with me at Easter, the silly boy ! Fancy that ! One can't think it was in earnest, you know, but it really seemed like it. I asked if he would like his ears boxed, and Mr. Edwin Barley gave us both a sharp talking to, saying we ought to be sent to school again." "Both ! But if it was not your fault ?" "Mr. Edwin Barley said it was my fault," she returned, with a laugh. "Perhaps it was. He has not, as I believe, liked Phillip King since." "Who is the other one with them, Selina ?" I asked, as the gentlemen below disappeared. "The other is George Heneage—a great friend of mine. Hush ! he is coming up." George Heneage entered. A young man, tall, slender, active; with a pale, pleasant face, and dark wavy hair. He had a merry smile, and I thought I had never seen anyone so nice-looking. Mrs. Edwin Barley moved to the fire, and he took her hand in greeting. "Well ! And how have you been all day ? Dull ?" It was the pleasantest voice ! Quite a con- trast after that of Mr. Barley. "Much any of you care whether I am dull or gay," she returned in answer, half laughing, half pouting. "The partridges get all your time, just now. I might be dead and buried before any of you came home to see after me." "We must shoot, you know, Selina. One of us, at any rate, came home a couple of hours ago—Barley." "Not to me. He has but just come in. You must be mistaken." "Look here. I was away for a short while from the party, seeing after the horse I lamed the other day, and when I got back, Barley had vanished ; they thought he had gone to look after me. Perhaps he had in one sense, the great simpleton—Hallo ! who's that ?" He broke off, seeing me for the first time, as I stood partly within the shade of the window curtain. "It is little Anne Hereford. She has come a week before I expected her. Anne, come for- ward, and let Mr. Heneage make love to you. It is a pastime he favours." He lifted me up by the waist, looked at me, and put me down again. "A pretty little face to make love to. How old are you ?" "Eleven, sir." "Eleven !" he echoed, in surprise. "I should have taken you for nine at the very most. Eleven !" "And eleventeen in sober sense," interposed Selina, in her lightest and most careless manner. "I suppose children are so who never live with brothers and sisters. You should hear her talk, George ! I tell her her mamma and nurse have made an old woman of her." "Dare I venture to your presence in this trim, Mrs. Edwin Barley ?" The speaker was the Rev. Mr. Martin, who came slowly in, pointing to his attire. "It is Barley's fault, and you must blame him, not me," he continued. "Barley invited me to say grace at your table to-day, and then disappeared, keeping us waiting for him until now, and giv- ing me no time to go home and make myself presentable." "Never mind, Mr. Martin, there are worse misfortunes at sea," she said, in that charm- ingly attractive manner that she could some- times use. "I have sat down with gentlemen in shooting-coats before to-day, and have enjoyed my dinner none the worse for it. Is that you, Miss Delves ?" Footsteps were passing the open door, and Miss Delves came in. "Did you speak, Mrs. Edwin Barley ?" "Yes. Take this child, please ; she must have some tea. Anne, dear, ask for anything to eat that you best fancy. You shall come up again after dinner." We went to a small parlour on the ground floor—Miss Delves said it was her own sitting room—and rang the bell. The maid who had been gossiping at the front door came in to answer it. "Are you at tea yet, Jemima ?" "Yes, Miss Delves." "I thought so. There's no regularity unless I am about everywhere myself. Bring in a cup for Miss Hereford, and some bread and butter." They both left the room. I supposed that Miss Delves was going to dine presently, for a cloth was spread over one end of the table, with a knife and fork, the cruet-stand and salt cellar, glasses, and a decanter of wine. Pre- sently, Jemima came back with a small tray, that had my tea upon it. She seemed a free and-easy sort of girl, sat down in a chair, and began chattering. Another servant came in with a small jar of preserves. "Miss Delves has sent some jam for the young lady, if she'd like it. Or will she take a slice of cold meat first, she says ?" "I'll have the jam, please." "That's right, miss," laughed Jemima. "Sweets is good." "Arn't you coming to your tea, Jemima ? There'll be a fuss if she comes in and finds you have not begun it." "Bother the tea ! We are not obliged to swallow it down just at the minute she pleases," was the answer of Jemima. "I say," exclaimed the other, suddenly, "what do you think I saw ? Young King—" Jemima gave her a warning shake of the head, and pointed to me. The conversation was dropped to a whisper, in which I once caught the words, "that handsome George Heneage." Presently steps were heard approaching, and the two maids disturbed themselves. Sarah caught up the plate of bread and butter, and stood as if she were handing it to me, and Je- mima stirred the fire vigorously. It had been warm in the day, but the bit of lighted fire in the grate looked pleasant in the autumn even- ing. The footsteps passed on. "How stupid you are ! startling one for nothing !" exclaimed Jemima. "I thought it was Charlotte Delves. It sounded just like her foot." "She's in the kitchen, and won't come out of it till the dinner's gone in. She's in one of her tempers to-day." "Is Charlotte Delves the mistress ?" I could not help asking. Both the maids burst out laughing. "She would like to be, miss; and she is, too, in many things," answered Jemima. "When young madam came home first—" "Hush, Jemima ! she may go and repeat it again." Jemima looked at me. "No ; she does not look like it. You won't go and repeat in the drawing-room the nonsense we foolish servants talk, will you, Miss Hereford ?" "Of course I will not. Mamma taught me never to carry tales ; she said it made mischief." "And so it does, miss," cried Jemima. "Your mamma was a nice lady, I'm sure ! Was she not Mrs. Edwin Barley's sister ?" Before I had time to answer, Charlotte Delves came in. We had not heard her, and I thought she must have crept upon tiptoe. Sarah made her escape. Jemima took up the jam-pot. "What are you waiting for ?" she demanded, with asperity. "I came in to see if the young lady wanted anything, ma'am." "When Miss Hereford wants anything, she will ring." Jemima retired. I went on with my tea, and Miss Delves began asking me questions about home and mamma. We were interrupted by a footman. He was bringing the fish out of the dining- room, and he laid the dish, with the fish sauce, down on the table. Miss Delves turned her chair towards it, and began her dinner. I found that this was her usual manner of dining, but I thought it a curious one. The dishes, as they came out of the dining-room, were placed before her, and she helped herself. Her other meals she took when she pleased, Jemima gene- rally waiting upon her. I did wonder who she could be. It seemed that I had to sit there a long while. I was then taken upstairs by Jemima, and my hair brushed. It hung down in curls all round, aud Jemima pleased me by saying it was the loveliest brown hair she ever saw. Then I was marshalled to the drawing-room. Jemima opened the door quietly, and I went in, seen, I believe, by nobody. It was a large room, of a three-cornered shape, quite full of bright furniture. Selina's grand piano was in the angle. Standing before the fire, talking, were the clergyman and Mr. Edwin Barley. A stranger might have taken the one for the other, for the clergyman was in his sporting clothes, and Mr. Barley was all in black, with a white neckcloth. On a distant sofa, apparently reading a news- paper, sat Philip King ; his features were handsome, but they had a very cross, disagree- able expression. He held the newspaper nearly level with his face, and I saw that his eyes, instead of being on it, were watching the move- ments of Mrs. Edwin Barley. She was at the piano, not so much singing or playing, as trying scraps of songs and pieces ; Mr. Heneage standing by and talking to her. I went quietly round by the chairs at the back, and aat down on the low footstool at the corner of the hearth. The clergyman saw me and smiled ; Mr. Barley did not ; he stood with his back to me. He also seemed to be watching the piano, or those at it, as he spoke in a low, confidential tone with the clergyman. "I disagree with you entirely, Barley," Mr. Martin was saying. "Rely upon it, he will be all the better and happier for following a pro- fession. Why ! at Easter he had made up his mind to read for the Bar !" "Young men are changeable as the wind, especially those whom fortune has placed at ease in the world," replied Mr. Barley. "Philip was red-hot for the Bar at Easter, as you ob- serve ; but something appears to have set him against it now." "You, as his guardian and trustee, should urge him to take it up ; or, if not that, some thing else. A life of idleness plays the very ruin with some natures ; and it strikes me that Philip King has no great resources within him to counteract the mischief of non-occupation. What is the amount of his property ?" re- sumed Mr. Martin, after a pause. "About eighteen hundred pounds a year the estate brings in." "Nonsense! I thought it was only ten or twelve." "Eighteen, full. Reginald's was a long mi- nority, you know." "Well, if it brought in eight-and-twenty, I should still say give him a profession. Let him have some legitimate work ; occupy his hands and his head, and they won't get into mischief. That's sound advice, mind, Barley." "Quite sound," rejoined Mr. Barley ; but there was a tone in his voice throughout, that to me seemed to tell either of want of sincerity or else of a knowledge that to urge a pro- fession on Philip King would be wrong and useless. At this period of my life people used to reproach me with taking up prejudices, likes and dislikes; as I grew older, I knew that God had gifted me in an eminent degree with the faculty of reading human countenances and human tones. "I have no power to force a profession upon him," resumed Mr. Barley ; "and I should not exercise it if I had. Shall I tell you why ?" "Well," "I don't think his lungs are sound. In my opinion, he is likely to go off as his brother did." "Of consumption !" hastily uttered the clergyman; and Mr. Barley nodded. "Therefore, why urge him to fag at acquiring a profession that he may not like to exercise ?" continued Mr. Barley. "He looks anything but well ; he is nothing like as robust as he was at Easter." Mr. Martin turned his head and attentively scanned the face of Philip King. "I don't see anything the matter with him, Barley ; except that he looks uncommonly cross. I hope you are mistaken." "I hope I am. I saw a whole row of medi- cine phials in his room yesterday ; when I inquired, he told me they contained steel medi- cine—tonics—the physician at Oxford has ordered them. Did you ever notice him at dinner—what he eats ?" "Not particularly." "Do so, then, on the next opportunity. He takes scarcely anything. The commencement of Reginald's malady was loss of appetite ; the doctors prescribed tonics for him. But they did not succeed in saving him." Once more Mr. Martin turned his eyes on Philip King. "How old was Reginald King when he died ?" "Twenty-three. Three years older than Philip is now." "Well, poor fellow, I hope he will outlive his weakness, whatever may cause it, and get strong again. That money of his would be a nice windfall for somebody to drop into," added the clergyman, after a pause. "Who is heir- at-law ?" "I am." "You !" "Of course I am," was the quiet reply of Mr. Edwin Barley. "Nurse him up, nurse him up, then," said the clergyman, jokingly. "Lest, if anything did happen, the world should say you had not done your best to prevent it ; for you know you are a dear lover of money, Barley." There may have been a great deal more said, but I did not hear it. My head had sought the wall for its resting-place, and sleep stole over me. What I felt most glad of, the next morning, was to get my purse. There were twenty-seven shillings in it ; and old Betty had caused it to be put in one of the boxes, vexing me. "People in the train might rob me of it," she said. Jemima waited on me at dressing, and I had breakfast in Miss Delves' parlour. Afterwards I weut up to Mrs. Edwin Barley, in the drawing- room. She was in mourning, deep as mine. "I had been tempted to put it off for a cool dress yesterday evening," she said to me. "What with the dinner, and the fire they will have, though I am sure it is not weather for it, I feel melted in black. The fire is kept large to please Philip King. So Miss Delves in- formed me when I remonstrated against it the other day. He must be of a chilly nature." Remembering what I had heard said the previous night, I thought he might be. But the words had afforded the opportunity for a question that I was longing, in my curiosity, to put. "Selina, who is Miss Delves ? Is she a lady or a servant ?" "You had better not call her a servant, Anne ; she would never forgive it," answered Selina, with a short laugh. "She is a relative of Mr. Edwin Barley's." "Then, why does she not sit with you, and dine at table ?" "Because I do not choose that she shall sit with me, and dine at table," was the resentful, haughty retort ; and I could see that there had been some past unpleasantness in regard to Miss Delves. "When Mr. Edwin Barley's mother died, who used to live with him, Charlotte Delves came here as mistress of the house. That was all very well so long as there was no legitimate mistress, but ages went on, and I came to it. She assumed a great deal ; I found she was planted down to table with us, and made herself my companion in the drawing room at will. I did not like it ; and one day I told my husband to in her presence. I said that I mast be the sole mistress in my own house, and quitted the room, leaving them to settle it. Since then she has taken the parlour for her sitting-room, and looks to the household, as she did before. In short, Miss Delves is housekeeper. I have no objection to that ; it saves me trouble, and I know nothing of domestic management. Now and then I invite her to take tea with us, or to a drive in the pony carriage, and we are vastly polite to each other always." "But, if you do not like her—" "Like her !" interrupted Selina. "My dear child, we hate each other like poison. It was not in human nature, you know, for her not to feel my entrance to the house as a wrong, dis- placing her from her high post, and from the influence she had contrived to acquire over Mr. Edwin Barley. They were as intimate as brother and sister ; and I believe he is the only living being she cares for in the whole world. When I took the high tone with her, it exaspe- rated her all the more against me, there's no doubt of it ; and she repays it by carrying petty tales of me to Mr. Edwin Barley." "And whose part did he take, Selina ?" "Mine, of course—always !" she returned, with a forcible emphasis on the first word. "But it has never been open warfare between me and Miss Delves, Anne ; you must under- stand that. Should anything of the sort supervene, she would have to quit the house. A bitter pill that would be, for she has no money, and would have to go out as house- keeper in reality, or something of the kind. My occupation would be gone then." "What occupation ?" "The saying and doing all sorts of wild things to make her think ill of me. She goes and whispers them to Mr. Edwin Barley. He listens to her—I know he does, and that pro- vokes me. Well, little pet, what are those honest brown eyes of yours longing to say ?" "Why did you marry him, Selina ?" "People say for money, Anne. I say it was fate." "He persuaded you, perhaps ?" "He did. Persuaded, pressed, worried me. He was two years talking me into it. Better, perhaps, that he had given his great love else- where ? Better for him, possibly, that he had married Charlotte Delves !" "But did he want to marry Charlotte Delves ?" "Never. I don't believe that even the thought ever entered his head. The servants say she used to hope it ; but they rattle non- sense at random. Edwin Barley never cared but for two things in the world : myself and money." "Money ?" "Money, Anne. Pretty little pieces of gold and silver ; new, crisp bank-notes ; yellow old deeds of parchment, representing houses and lands. He cares for money almost as muoh as for me ; and he'll care for it more than for me in time. Who's this ?" [TO BE CONTINUED.] SIR HUMPHRY DAVY.—By the death of the late Dr. John Davy, the service of plate pre- sented to Sir Humphry Davy, in 1817, by several coal-mine proprietors, for the discovery of his celebrated safety-lamp, reverts to the Royal Society. Sir H. Davy, in his will (made two years before his death) left the plate in question to Lady Davy, to revert to his brother in case of his surviving her, and if not, to any child of his who may be capable of using it ; but if he be not in a situation to use or enjoy it, I wish it to be melted and given to the Royal Society to found a medal, to be given annually for the most important discovery in chemistry anywhere made in Europe or Anglo-America. Dr. Davy directs by his will that "the service of plate formerly belonging to Sir Humphry, in accordance with his wishes, after the decease of testator's wife or earlier if she thinks proper, is to be given to the Royal Society." The value of the plate is £2500. THE NOMENCLATURE OF OUR MEN OF WAR.— With the proudest sea history in the world, we should do something to give it a kind of practical homage, by calling the war ships of the present after those of the past. Rightly or wrongly, the English cleave to that which is old.. Much of our modern military history would become comparatively tame if we missed the grand historical regiments from the story; if that "Light Brigade" which Crawford led, and in which the Napiers served at Corunna and the Coa ; if those "Highland Regiments," which madly flung away their guns, and shouting "Claymore !" charged with the cold steel on an Egyptian battle-field ; if those "Connaught Rangers" who plunged into battle whilst the lilt of "Garry- owen" or the shout of "Faugh- a-Ballagh" was ringing in their ears, had not still, with the old names and numbers, taken a fair share in all our recent military work. So with our ships. The English navy should have in it a Pelican to recall the old craft in which Drake sailed round the world ; a Revenge to speak of Grenville's fight at Floros ; Triumph and a St. George for Blake ; a Captain and a Victory for Nelson. It should never be without a Saucy Arethusa or a Fighting Temeraire ; never with- out a Sirus or a Shannon, a Royal Sovereign or a Queen Charlotte ; while, since many of our foremost ocean glories have been gained without firing a single shot in anger, let us always keep in commission, to the memory of Cook, an Endeavor and a Resolution, to that of Parry a Hecla and a Fury, to that of Franklin an Erebus and a Terror. The Royal Navy now-a- -days would not be a jot the worse for a little infusion of what Admiralty clerks might con- sider "sentimentalism." Machinery is admir- able; but, after all, you must have a man to control and work it; and it is, practically, in the last resort, upon manhood and seamanship that we shall have to depend. Great admirals are not even yet to be dispensed with, nor good sailors.— Daily Telegraph. 