WESLEYAN CHURCH EXTENSION. Last evening the annual meeting of members and friends of the Wesleyan Church, was held at Melville-street, in connection with the Church Extension Fund. A tea meeting was held in the upper school-room, after which a public gathering took place in the church. On the platform were a number of the ministers from the different circuits in the colony, who have been attending the district or local conference meeting ; among them were the Rev. W. A. Quick, chairman of the district, who presided, Revs. Messrs. Ironside, Hutchison, Inglis, Nye, S. Williams, Lassetter, J. Waterhouse, N. Bennett, Mack, Heyward, Cook, &c.; . - After singing and prayer, The CHAIRMAN offered some remarks by way of introducing the business. He said meetings of this kind were due in the month of May, and, therefore, this was a late season for holding the meeting in Hobart Town, which was a strong reason for more liberal giving. He facetiously observed that as the money ought, to have been subscribed in May some interest we have. Better late than never, he)waaglad to see Mr,. J; my present, as this circuit received assistant from the extension fund, and the amount received was their life as it were. The attendance at present was a proof that great interest was taken in the fund. On such an occasion it was well for them to review the past, and taking into account the last ten years, they might enquire if they had made so much progress as to call on them to thank God. He found that there had been such progress. In 1858 they had 54 chapels and other preaching places, now there were 90, making 36 increase. Of ministers they had 9in 1858, now there were 15, an increase of G. Unpaid agents, in 1853, 269, now there were 563 ; those unpaid agents comprised local preachers, class leaders and Sunday School teachers, valuable aid in the blessed work. Of them there was an increase of 294\. In 1858 there were 833 church members, now there were 1573, an increase of 740. Sunday scholars in 1858,1633, the present number was 2993, increase 1360. The attendance on public worship was in 1853, 5050, now it was 9261, in crease 4211. All which was encouraging, especially considering the small increase of population, and the depressed state of the times. In conclusion the rev. gentleman said although a large slice of the fund was shared by the Hobart Town circuit Hobart Town had done a good deal for the fund, and he hoped by their continued and increased efforts they would enable him to stand up for Hobart Town in future. (Applause.) The Rev. S. IRONSIDE requested the gentlemen of the fourth estate to notice, that, although it had been said that Hobart Town had a good slice of the fund, the Hobart Town Circuit was not the Hobart Town city, for Hobart Town city sustained itself. The circuit included Glenorchy, Buckingham, Kingston, Kingborough, Cambridge, and Richmond. It was, in fact, something like one third of Tasmania cut off at the southern end. He then detailed the several amounts collected for the church extension fund in Hobart Town proper, New Town, Sandy Bay, O'Brien's Bridge, and New Norfolk. The Rev. Mr. HUTCHISON, of Longford, secretary of the church extension fund, referred to the object of the fund which was the extension of the knowledge of Christ by means of the preaching of the gospel. The Wesleyan Church existed for no private or pecuniary purpose, but for the glory of God in the conversion of sinners and the building up of the church. The rev. gentleman spoke of the importance of the work, and gave instances of the effects of religion which had come under his own knowledge. In reference to the statistics given by the chairman, he said he regretted that their success had not been greater for the past ten years ; he thought there was a vast disproportion between the energy and the means used and the results. He did not blame any particular class, but he thought there was reason for them to humble themselves as a church, for he thought they ought to be doing more for Christ, who had laid them under deep obligations, not only to believe but to be His servants, or slaves. For He demanded that their entire energies should be consecrated to His service in the language of the Apostle, there should be a readiness to lay down their lives for Christ and His cause. He thought if they were, as a people, to honor the Holy Ghost, they would be permitted to rejoice in a greater measure of success. (Applause.) Rev. A. Inglis, of the Mersey, thought there were two things indispensable to a meeting of that kind, on the part of the platform, and the people on the part of the platform that all should speak, speak to the point, and if any had nothing to say they should give way to others. On the part of the people to give, to give security-. ing to their means, and to give cheerfully, The rev. gentleman explained the necessity of the fund, and the wants of the scattered districts of the colony which had to be ministered to. As to the Mersey, if they had three men in the circuit they could be well employed. He was, glad the district meeting had yielded to the request made to station a second minister at the Mersey (hear, hear), and he had no doubt next year there would be a request for a third. (Hear, hear.) From the rev. gentleman's statement it appeared his labors were of an important character, the details of which were much applauded. Rev. J. WATERHOUSE, of Westbury, made a few remarks, and said as there were other speakers to follow, he would make way for others. (A laugh.) The CHAIRMAN asked if the meeting were satisfied with that, and the applause that fq} lowed indicated that they were not, on which Mr. WATERHOUSE continued his (speech, and. gave an account of the conversion of a, sceptic in his circuit, and the happy death of the match which had been a great encouragement to him in his ministry. Rev. H. MACK, of Deloraine, gave the meeting a statement of his impressions of this beautiful colony, which had been represented truly as the finest colony in Australia, and had been termed the preacher's paradise. In further remarks, he said he thought that as a church they had come to a crisis by the passing of the Commutation Bill and although they would lose the aid they had been accustomed to receive, five hoped they would as a people do more than they had done ; he believed they were able to do more, and he had no doubt, under the influence of those principles and motives which were adverted to by Mr. Hutchison, they would in future do what they could. (Applause.) Rev. S. WILLIAMS, formerly stationed in the Hobart Town circuit, was the next speaker, and he was heartily cheered on rising. He mentioned several motives for supporting the Church Extension Fund, especially the fact that a, 144 slice of the fund was required) by the-'' Act Town circuit, and if they wished to have a continuance of the grant, they would see the importance of making a good collection. Those minister (Mr. Ironside) had pledged them to a good collection, and he saw by his smiling face that he expected one, and said Mr. Williams,-sq do I. (Laughter and applause.)' The collection was then made. Rev. E. W. NYE moved a vote of thanks to the collectors for their past services, and requesting the continuance of the same. In allusion to the particular sphere of his labor, the Campbell Town circuit, he said when he first came to it he was told it was an invalid's station, but he found that the ground to be travelled over by the minister extended a hundred miles. He gave interesting particulars of his work at Avoca, Fingal, St. Mary's, Cullenswood, Falmouth, Mangana, and elsewhere, and resumed his seat amid much applause. The motion was seconded by the Rev. G. T, HEYWARD, and unanimously agreed to. A vote of thanks having been accorded to the Chairman, and briefly acknowledged, The proceedings were concluded with the doxology and the benediction. 