THE NOVEMBER AMD DECEMBER MAGAZINES. ' A pile of about fifty magazines, issued from their London publishers in November and December last, lies before us. To read them even cursorily would consume more time than it is possible to devote to them, and to notice the articles and serial stories in detail, though ever so slightly, would occupy more space than we can afford for such a purpose. We prefer, therefore, to touch upon one or two of the more salient or striking papers in each periodical, and to indicate in this wise those in favour of which a discriminating reader would bo likely to pass over the padding and the fiction. Of such a nature is the essay on the new rebellion in America, in the Novem- ber number of Fraser, whichshould be studied in connexion with »disquisition on theirapond I ing crisis in the "united States to be found in Blachcood of the same month. The latter ' appi oaclies the subject from the Democratic and free-trade side of the question, and tho former is from the pen of an ardent partisan of the extiunc Republicans. The American writer predicts a renewal of bloodshed, to be followed by an act of geneial confiscation; adding that "the chief men of'the South will raise the military arm of the country only to be banished from the country ; and they who* remain will remain as beggars and hirelings. Their lands will be distributed among the negroes and loyal whites." He appears to view the extirpation of the Southern whites, and the transfer of their estates to the ncgioes, with supieme satisfaction. The African is a man and a brother, but the Anglo-American cotton planter is a reptile, to bo tiodden out of et istence. Blachcood foresees a war of races as the inevitable result of the supremacy which the blacks are now claiming ovei the whites, ti aces the origin of the civil war to the high tariff on foi eign manufactures, shows that the West is now pronouncing against pro tection,andanticipatcs that the triumph of the Democratic or Conservative party will be the presage of peace and conciliation, and of a íe turn either to the old constitution or to some- thing botter. Some of the opprobrium which is attached to the theological works of Voltahe by those who have never read them, or who have taken fright at his coarse and cynical mode of expressing himself, is shown to bo undeserved by a writer in the November number of Fiaser, who argues that, in so far as Voltaire -was responsible for the Revolution, he impressed upon it a good character and not a bad one. A waspish attack upon the Tory party is made by the writer of an aiticlo headed "The Conseiva tive Transformation," who quotes a caustic remnik of Mr. Leatham's in icferenco to Mr. Disraeli, which we have not met with be foie:-"The right honourable gentlemen is not the first great Ilebrew legislatoi who has led his people into the wilderness ; and, what is more, he lesombles Moses ¡in this - he will never live to lead them out of it " Blackwood, on the otliet hand, contends that the Toiies have always been consistent Parliamentary re- formers, and falls foul of the Quarterly Revieio for abusing the Reform Act of 1807 and its authors, in an aiticlc which is stig- matised as disingenuous and spiteful. In onerespect, however, theEdinburgh periodical considers the party it supports has constantly made a great mistake; and that is, in neglect- ing to conciliate men of lottere, as the Whigs did. Not having done so, like their opponents, the Tories have comparatively few allies, Blackwood complains, in the lanks of jour- nalism. An eminently dispassionate and concilia- tory article on the unification of Germany, and its effects upon the internal and external policy of that country, appears in the first oi the November numbers of the Revue des Deua Mondes, ft ora the pen of M. de Laveleye, No dangei to Fiance is apprehended fromthi" movement, as the interests, wants, and aspi rations of the two countries aie the same. Be sides which, aiguës the writer, with a touct of national vanity, is not the unity of Ger many the woik of Fiance ? Was not Fredericli the Great, the pupil of Voltaire, a French- man, seated on the throne of Piussia? Thi leal peiil to Fiance was fiom a Germanic Sclave empiie, with seventy million subjects That vanished on the field of Komigsgrrctz The constitution of Piussia is borrowed, iti alleged, from that of France. It has esta blished the equality of all men bpfore tin law, has abolished privileges, has guaranteed the liberty of the subject, has affirmed ftee dom of conscience, authorised public meet ings, emancipated the piess fiom evei; trammel, left education uncontrolled, ant secured to the Legislatute the control of thi national finances. In the subsequent numbe of the Revue, M. de Hanranne describes, fron personal observation, the picsent state o political parties in the United State« Although his sympathies aie with the Rcpnb Hean party, ho acknowledges that it is ncarl "played out;" but he asseits that the Con servatives, 01 ci devant Dcmociats, have littl in common with the Democrats who oppose the abolition of slavery, and protested agains the, prosecution of tho civil war. In tfi next Piesidcnti.il,clectionhe isof opinion tha the contest will not lie between the outgoin President and General Giant, or even b( tween the laltor and an ultra-Radical cand date ; but between the General patronised b the Democrats, and the same candidate suj ported by the Republicans. If elected by til former he will be a Conservative Republican if by the latter a Moderate Radical. ' Under the paradoxical title of " Dum Men's Speech," a contributor to the Dccen ber number of Cornhill describes a vis which he paid to an institution in Brusse devoted to tile îcccption of "tbo deaf an dumb, who are successfully taught to spcal It is a well-known fact that most of tho¡ who aie thus afllicted ^are dumb for no othi lctison than because nature has denied the the power of hearing. Thoy could articula if they only knew how. In tho institude referred to, founded twenty yeaia ago, by benevolentpnest who obtained the titleof ti Vincent do Paul of Belgium,, and no cairied on by the " Bretluon of the Christie Doctrine," the inmates aie taught to spef by tlie education of the cyo and the cultiv don of the mimetic faculty, assisted by ti sense of touch. Beginning with the co sonants, then passing on to the vowels, and to syllables, tho teachers patiently show the pupils by what movements of the tongu lips, throat, and nose, the respective soun are produced, and how these sounds may ' produced. Tho pioccss is a slow one, C manding infinite sweetness of temper ai unwearying perseveianco on the part of ti instructors, one of them mentioning that ' sometimes had to repeat a syllable up wai of 500 times befoio the pupil could catch i but the success of the system Ls undeniah only, as the writer observes, such work i quires to be undertaken "by men of lar intellectual ícsources, who appioach it not an instrument of remuneiation, but as labour of Christian love." The resuscitation of Sir John Ellesmere and Mr. Milverton (Mr. Dansford, we regret to learn, is dead) will he welcome news to multitude of readers. Mr. Arthur Helps makes them tho interlocutors whose dialogue interrupts tho progress of a political fiction he is writing in the pages of Macmillan. T scene is laid in ono of the lacustrine villages in Switzerland, when the stone period had ¡reached its highest development; and t general scope of the story resembles ti of More's Utopia, and of Bacon's New Atlantis. Truth to say, it is rather dull leading, and many persons will bo inclined skip the narrative and only read the conver sational interludes, which aro as full sagacity and gentleness, of delicate obs v arion, apposite anecdote, shrewd comme: and.¿land irony, as "Friends in Council.'1 The great defect of "Realmah" (for so the story_ ,Js entitled), as of all works of this kind,'excepting perhaps Swift's marvellous satire, is that its author cannot abstract him- self sufficiently from the present time, nor divest his mind of modern influences, nor imagine a state of society wholly dissimilar to' anything which now exists. Consequently he unconsciously reproduces modern men and women, modern forms of polity, modern modes of thought, and modern institutions, under other names. It would require an imagination like that possessed by the creator of Ariel and Caliban to reanimate the dead bones of the generations who inhabited the lake cities of the king- dom of "Sheviri. " In fact, as Elles- mere bluntly- puts it, "one knows from the beginning that Realmah (the hero of the story) will do exactly what Milverton would have done." Tho hands are the hands of a lacustrian, but the voice is the voice of the clerk of the Privy Council. A strong plea in favour of teaching elocution in our uni- versities and public schools is put forth by Professor Seeley, whose general remarks on the subject of education will be found en- titled to careful attention. The paper occurs in the November number of Macmillan. Mr. Walter Bogehot opens up a highly in-' teresting subject of inquiry in the Fortniyhtly Review-tho condition of man in the ante political age, and the probable method of his transition from that, state to ono i of polity. He contends that what are called in European politics the principles of 1789, wcio inconsistent with and inapplica- ble to the ,early world; and "fitted only to the new w.orld, in which the age has gone through its early task, when the inherited organization is already confirmed and fixed, and when tho soft minds and strong passions of youthful nations are fixed and guided by hard transmitted instincts." In effect, the ages of servitude necessarily precede the ages of freedom ; the human family being at certain stages of its growth and development as unfit for equality before the law as children aro unfit to be treated as grown-up creatures. In those ages of servitude, he remarks, "what was most wanted was an elevated élite, who knew the law : not a good Government seeking the happiness of its subjects, but a dignified «v overawing Government getting its subjects tu obey, not a good law, but a comprehensive law, binding all life to one routine." When nations were ripe for good laws and popular institutions, they got them, either by peace- able demand or violent seizure. Mr. Yates has opened the pages of Tinslen's Magazine (the December number) to a highly sensational article on "The Organisation, the Objects, and the Resources of Fenianism," from the pen of an American Fenian, whose eminent position in the brotherhood is vouched for by the editor. According to this writer, the Irish people, both at home and in the iTJnited States, will be satisfied with nothing less than complete inde- pendence of England. ''.Fenianism" is de- clared to be " the expression of the Irish national feeling ; and whore the Fenians lead the whole Irish people on both sides the Atlantic will gladly follow as soon as the way seems toleiably clear." In the United States, it is asserted, there is in every city a regiment and in every country town a company of Irishmen, nominally enrolled in the state militia, hut in reality constituting a Fenian anny ; and the Fenians, it is added, can capture Canada whenever the leaders choose to order an attack. The movement is said to enjoy the sympathy of the American Government¡ and so soon as any, im- portant successes aro telegraphed from England or Iicland, French privateers will start, from American ports to prey upon British commeicp, and shiploads of volun teois will cross to the Irish coast." A war between England and anyotherpower, it ispre dieted, will be followed by the immediate independence of Ireland; and Europe and America are ícprcscnted as eager for the humiliation of England. "Well may caricaturists," writes this fire-eating Fenian, depict the British lion as toothless, mangyi and decrepit." Alas ! poor lion ; albeit some of us believe that the noble old qua- druped has plenty of fight left in him yet, and that he has some vigorous young cubs scattered about the world who have all their teeth cut and all their claws sharp. ' ' Aunt Anastasia " writes of the farewell dinner to Mr. Dickens in a style rather resembling that of Mr. Edmund Yates than that of a maiden-lady; and we notice with regret that a well-deserved compliment to the living novelist is coupled with a harsh reflection upon the great master of Etig lish fiction, who is unhappily no moro, "ne (Mr. Dickens)," observes "Aunt Ana statia," " has practised, with genuine genial feeling and sterling simplicity of purpose, what Mr. Thackeray, with much cynical finesse of praise, and much practical in- sincerity, preached." This is both uncalled for and unjust, and, remembering his quarrel with Mr. Thackeray, Mr. Yates should have strack his pen through a passage which seems to have been inspired by some- thing which more closely resembles a feel- ing of vindictivencts than an honest conviction of truth. Mr. Thackeray was just as " true to the fraternity of art" as Mr. Dickens, and just as little disposed to permit that art to be "patronised in his person;" and it may be safely predicted that in the estimation of posterity the personal character and literary genius of the author of Vanity Fair will stand quite as high as those of tho author of Pickwick. To sneer at the former, for the purpose of exalting the praise of the latter, is unworthy of a man of letters who was the friend and associate of both. What a pity it is the conductors of our periodicals cannot provide themselves more i frequently with contributions like tho ' Sheffield workman's narrative, in tho No 'vemher number of St. Paul's, of his "Excur- sion to Parisand back for seventy shillings." The ground ho travels over is well-trodden, but his observations arc so fresh, his manner of recording them so itaïoe and straightfor- ward, ,and his views of French society arc so just and sensible, that we could wish the paper had been twice as long. Ho re- turned home, he says, "not loving France less, but dear old England more. . , We may not have so many palace privi- leges, but then wc enjoy moro rights. The French would no doubt be glad to exchange their privileges for more of our rights. Who would not lather have the right to ' assist' at a political meeting, with free discussion, than be cajoled by an Emperor's fetes ? Who would barter the right to, criticise the Go- vernment's last blunder, and show, clearly how he could rectify it, for tho privilege to walk in straight boulevards, ' or saunter through palaces, however grand they may be? Who would not rather read the unfettered daily paper than have that article cut and dried, even by an Imperial cook ? Who would not rather work six days in England than seven in France ? No ; England for me, at any rate. When I hear that England is worn out and going down, I can't but say it is a thousand pities, because it is the best place in tho world." A very hope- ful view, is taken in another article of the probable consequences of the new licform Act, as it is argued that " the extension of sympathy with our forms of government which must result from the admission ol many hundred thousands of voters belong ing to a class which had hitherto few accredited channels for making its wishes known, will vastly increase tbo usefulness and the authority of Parliament, while the classes who have hitherto exclusively wielded political power will still retain ample strength to prevent their being overwhelmed by num- bers on any question where they have right and justice on their side." This is some- what at variance, however, with the conclu- sions arrived at by a writer in the December number, whoasserts that the governing classes in Great Britain, by assisting to pass the Reform Act of 1867, have " prepared the instrument by which the destruction of their own exclu- sive privileges and influence is to be, in the end, most surely compassed." Two other papers in the latter number will repay perusal-ono on "Carlylism," combating the philosophy ,of despair; and the other on " The Trade of Journalism," in which its ad- vantages and disadvantages, the qualifica- tions reqnisito for success and the limited re- wards it holds out, are very fairly stated. The writer states that in England, "with ordi- nary luck and energy, a successful jour- nalist at the present day may reckon on making from £800 to £1,200 a year by his pen ;" irrespective of what he may earn by dramatic or other authorship. Ile is strongly opposed to the anonymous system, which he considers to be expressly designed to promote the interests of the proprietor at the expense of the writer ;" a proposition which he sup- ports with equal ability and ingenuity. "There are no very brilliant prizes in the trade," he observes, "and though it is easy to earn by it a moderate competence, it is very difficult to secuie a large income in a pursuit in which, owing to its anonymous character, mere reputation tells for so very little." If the elder Disraeli were alive, he would find the materials for another chapter upon the "Quarrels of Authors" in the November number of Belgravia, where Mr. G. A. Sala and the ghost of Captain Shandon havo entered the lists on behalf of Miss Braddon, as against Blackwood's Magazine and the gentleman who figures in the twofold capacity of editor of the Pall Mall Gazette and the Cornhill Magazine. Mr. Sala's is rough cudgel play, while the shadowy captain wields a more polished and incisive weapon. The former falls foul of Blackwood for as- serting that, since the days of Sir Walter Scott, English novels have been sane, clean, and wholesome," and for insinu- ating that Miss Braddon's are the reverse of all three. He calls the critic who propounds this doctrine "a poor canting creature," and declares that old Ebony is desperately dull, and sinking into decrepitude. Working him- self up into a fit of West Indian passion, he charges the writer in Blackwood with being one of those " perfectly inane, ignorant, un travelled, incapable 'duffers,' who are only permitted to review books because somebody must review them, and people who write books are generally too busy, or too honest, to criticise those of others." All which goes to prove the impropriety of putting a pen into the hands of an angry par- tisan ; while it does not in any way serve to convince the reader that Aurora Floyd is not, as the reviewer accuses her of being, the type of a vicious and depraved woman. Captain Shandon's "remonstrance" with Mr. Green- wood for hinting that Circe was written by Miss Braddon, and that Babington White is a pseudonym she has assumed, is very sharply expressed, and the style shows the writer to be a master of fence. Alluding to the accusation of plagiarism brought against Mr. Babington White, "Captain Shan- don " reminds Mr. Greenwood that Thackeray "derived the broad idea of his wonderful Becky Sharp, with her tricks, and lies, and fascinations, and elderly adorer, and sheep-dog companion, from the Madame de Marneffe of Honoré de Balzac," and that the pre-Raffaelite word-painting of Miss Thackeray " for which she has been so highly commended is a trick of style exactly identical with, if not directly derived from, the style of Gustave Flaubert.' The ghostly captain then proceeds to offer the " gentlemen " of the Pall Mall Gazette a bit of wholesome advice, which is worth quoting in this part of the world :-"Learn of Jeffrey and of Brougham, those masters of critical sword-play, who had no need to fall to fisticuffs, like dirty little boys in the gutter, in order to belabour the object of their antipathy. Those gentlemen, Sir, were the high- priests of literature. They offered up their victim with something of the solemnity attending a pious sacrifice; and, as the leper-priest of the mediæval legend felt his leprosy leave him at the moment when he offered the supreme sacrifice, so these masters of the art of criticism banished from their minds all party spirit and all personal feeling while engaged in the performance of their self assumed function." Finally, the Captain ad- ministers a parting thrust by characterising such onslaughts upon popular female novelists as "more characteristic of the disappointed author of two or three unappreciated novels than of the gentleman editor who writes for gentlemen readers." There aie some excellent papers in the Atlantic Monthly ; and notably one on litera- ture as an art ; another on the minor Eliza- bethan diamatists, and a third givint; an animated sketch of the three great enterprises by which the shores of the Atlantic will, in less Üian thieô years, be brought into rail way communication with those on the Pacific, and the journey from London to Hong Konj will be accomplished in forty days. Speakinf of the magnificent consequences whicl will flow from the completion of thest magnificent works, the writer predict that " In thirty yearn California (Qry San Francisco?) will have a population equal to that of New York to-day, andy? not be half Ml ; and the city of St. Lout will number a million of souls. New Yorl City and San Francisco as the two great en trepûls of trade, Chicago and St. Louis as it vital centres, and New Orleans at the moutl of our great national canal the Mississippi will become nations rather than cities, out stripping all the great cities of ancient ant modern history." One very encouragini fact connected with tho progress of these line is that theil extension is paitly paid forby th profits of the tiaflic on so much of the way a lias been already laid. Thus, the net earn ings of the Central Road for 1867, afte paying working expenses, are estimated a 1,000,000 dolíais. It will he finished in 187Í and, not unnaturally, " the Western citie are tremulous with tho aspirations which i excites ; and the metropolis of the East, wit its new steamship lines to Brazil, its Cuba: cable, and its hundred prospective entei prises, awaits the moment which shall lift i to imperial importance." The December number of Broadway is tb best that has appeared. Mr. Friswcll ir dulgcs in some unfortunately well-founde strictures on the young men of the day ; an thus sums up their leading characteristics ; " To be triflingly employed, or to work spa modically Uko a horse for somo selfish ont to smatter about accomplishments, abot opera and art; to diawl and be silly, hi often to look very nice, neat and manly ; t look upon those you do know-of your sex- os ' awfully jolly ' fellows, and those who. you don't know as ' cads ;' to jest at learnini to be bored with thinking; to pretend I be sick at tragedy, and to delight in the moi silly farces ; to be ashamed of work, and f affect the fine gentleman ; to repeat idle tal« without ever caring about their truth ; i think women bores, and a wife a clog upo enjoyment; nover to tell any man the ov spoken', of him, but carefully to spread behind his back; and to nurse self-indulgeni till it destroys, and lovo of tho world till utterly corrupts." The editor of the New Yoi Round Talk depicts tho distinctive features i Regent-street and Broadway respectively wil a skilful and impartial hand ; and assures i that the rising generation- in jthe Unit« States, and more especially the female po- tion of it, is infinitely healthier, stronger, ar handsomer than that which preceded i More out-of-door exercise is taken, the fot > eaten is better rfgulated and more judiciously selected, and manly exercises > are more in vogue with the young men. Hence, he says, " the new generation > of American lads is in 'trinsically more manly, more hardy, and less finical, slab-sided, and dyspeptic than that which ispassing away." Excspting the serial stories and the novel- ettes, of which there is a redundance in Temple Bar, the November and December numbers contain little that is worthy of note Mr. Clarke's essay on the philosophy of male attire merely skims the surface of the subject ; and Mr. Proctor's paper on tornadoes, apropos of the frightful cyclone which re- cently ravaged the Gulf of Mexico, is open to the same objection. It is a remarkable cir cumstancoinconnexion with these phenomena that "cyclones in the northern hemisphere invariably sweep round the onward travel- ling vortex of disturbance in one direction, and southern cyclones in the contrary direc- tion ;" from whence is deduced this simple rule for the guidance of mariners encounter- ing one of these hurricanes, and seeking to escape its fiercest effects :-" Facing the j wind, the centre or vortex of tho storm lies to the light in the northern and to the left in the southern hemisphere. Safety lies in flying from the centre in every case save one-that is when the sailor lies in the direct track of the advancing vortex." In this case he .should steer for the calmer side of the storm-track. The Argosy has changed hands, and is now published by the son of the authoress of East Lynne, and edited hy that lady, who contri- butes to the December number the first in- stalment of a story entitled "Anne Hereford." To her pen, also, we are probably indebted for the paper on past "sensationalists," written with a view to show that works of fiction of this stamp have been numerous and popular from the days of Clara Reeve and Horace Walpole downwards. The December number of Harper's New Monthly contains an unusually largo propor- tion of articles both of general and special in- terest. There is an excellent account of tho New York nurseries, or juvenile reforma- tories, on Randall's Island, a fair and tem- perate statement and examination of the Darwinian theory of tho transmutation of the species, and a brief narrative of what has been done in the way of fish-culture at the establishment of Mr. Green, at Caledonia Creek, in western New York. This gentle- man succeeds in hatching ninety-five per cent, of the trout and salmon spawn, and during the past season, the writer of this paper informs us, " Mr. Green sold 300,000 eggs, 130,000 young fish, and 3,000 a year old, which have been scattered from Massachusetts to North Carolina and Wis- consin, supplying gentlemen's ponds and re- plenishing exhausted streams." He furnishes the little fish at <10dol. a thousand ; while the ova are supplied to purchasers in tin boxes, warranted to bear fifty days' confine- ment and the usual vicissitudes of travel. If this be so, would it not be practicable to stock the rivers of New Zealand with salmon ova from the North American rivers, transported via the Isthmus ? i 