THE GENESIS OP PRIGS. To over-educate the intellect is as im possible as to make the body too healthy, for, indeed, to educate means no more than to bring full health and strength into the mind. But then the mind is not all intellect, any more than intellect reduces itself to simple reasoning or deductive faculty. And it is a common blunder of men of the pedagogic temperament to make both of these confusions-to believe, first, that if you train the intellect solely, as though lite were a grand and universal struggle for a place in some supreme scientific or literary tripos, the whole region of the emotions and the will may he left to flower and bear fruit by spon- - taneous effort; and, secondly, that fo train the intellect is only to train the memory and develop a ratiocinatlve power and a literary power, without strengthening the habit of viligant observation ot external circumstance. A man who has suffered, as too many men otherwise of high promise i and ^capabilities have unluckily suffered, from pee or from both of these radical confusions, may at all events be described as having been wrongly educated sotiiebow or other, whether beyond bis intellect or not. In either case, we have as the pro duct of the system that most odious of all human products, the prig. If our readers will take the trouble to consider those among their acquaintances on whom they would fix this opprobrious label, they will find that it covers two classes ; those who judge circumstances solely and purely on intellectual grounds, and those who do not even take up these with adequate breadth and thoroughness. The character-; istic element in a prig is, not that he is wrong-headed, but that he is too small. He does not see the full size of things, but only a portion here and a portion there. Perched in some narrow, one-windowed watch-tower, he jet persists that what, he sees is all that is worth seeing; that it is not necessary to descend into the plain, and mix with men. in order to qualify one lor pronouncing final judgment on the affairs oi men; that the right coarse and the wrong course are mysteriously inde pendent of ordinary human motives and tendencies; and generally that his little mutilated bescrawled alphabet of intel lectual knowledge is the complete vade mecutn and ready-reckoner for all possible contingencies throughout the entire field of human activity. The prig proper is mostly wrong in his proportions. He i thinks too highly of his own judgment, j or of something which his own judgment j has recognised and accepted, aud too] met nl v of tie j dgment of all other created persons; he is too ready by ever so much I to find that what others regard as collossal: puzzles for him lin in nutshells; nothing j is big in the prig's eyes, excepting possibly | his own pers nality. And this because he has a disproportionate and excessive cinfi dence in his intellectual instruments, which, even if they were the best of their kind, could still only do -tue kinds of -work proper to them. The most exhaustive knowledge, for example, of some abstract system of politics will not disclose to a man the exact amount or sort of resistance which may be expected from the blindness or apathy of the majority of a community. The prig is so busy in despising the stupidity of his bretheren, that he has no time to measure it; he is too angry with this stupidity, as he conceives it, to take a sober and rational view of it as it really is. His worst fault is want oi sympathy, and this because sympathy has never ieen trained in him-has been, on the contrary, overlaid with thin but close and iron-plated intellectuality. And, of all elements of human nature, this of sympathy is just that which the opinion of a man's fellows will least readily permit him to be without. Taey will forgive the passionate and im petuous man far more readily than the chilly, unimpassioned man; that is, they would, rather see community of temper with themselves manifested in too violent a form than not manifested at all. Now it is of the essence of the character of a prig that he should live within a narrow circle, while to be a favourite with the world of common folk you must live in a large circle-in the spirit, if not in the flesh. To jour own personality you .must add that oi as many other people, or of as many other tjpes of people, as possible. The prig is so suiall, because he is not and cannot become anybody but himself. He has no capacity for moral expansion, ad junction, or incorporation for even a single moment. A habit of being all things to all men is justly condemned as Jesutical and otherwise objectionable; but the habit of constantly putting yourself in other men's places, ima^inarily sharing their probable motives and presumed characters, seeking their varieties of good, and en countering with manly sense some oi' their varieties of evil, is worthy of a humane and broad disposition such as a man should have who has to live in a fellen world. But this is just what a prig cannot have, beeaasn a bad education has only fitted him to sojourn among disembodied minds -in dictionaries, grammars, calculations. and treatises, and not among the passions and foibles of men and women. Sound education and ma-y-sided, moral a8 well as intellectual education, in Shakespeare's plays, for instance, as Wtll as in the horn books of the pedant, makes character, rich and flexible, multiplying the learner's in dividuality by manyfold. The prig has no flexibility. He never transcends himself, and thus acquires all the unsocial narrow ness of the solitary liver. He is the man of a single standard of measurement of virtue or tkill j with little understanding of, and less desire to understand, the weaknesses and the indolences, the intel lectual halting or moral backsliding, of friends and neighbours; he despises gaiety, a d is ever squeamishly wondering how, with such a world on their backs, men can find in their hearts to abandon themselves to th6 jojs of good-fellowship, v Ap parexitly the one object 'for which it is worth while to live is the pleasure of feeling and showing intellectual super ciliousness. But then this does not either come of, or go along with, what is sup posed-to be over-education of the intellect. On the contrary, it springs from under education on the moral side. Let us say one further word on the phrase which we began by critic^icg. A man may perhaps be called over-educated, though inaccurately enough-when he ha? laid hold of some set of advanced ideas before he had mastered the processes by which they were oritrinally obtained; that is, when he had traversed some royal road and arrived by haphazard at results which can only be truly assimilated or understood after long and toilsome mental preparation. There are many principles, particularly in social and political matters, which it is almost better that a man should neglect altogether than that he should grasp them prematurely, before he knows the steps which lead to them, and the slowly-laid fouudations on which they have been I established. -Saturday MevieM. ' Last autumn George Francis Train attended the Jockey Club Races at Jeromepark (N. Y.), and betted ver y freely, hut always, as it happened, on the losing1 horse. The last day, having- wagered heavily on the favourite, he again lost, and supremely disgusted, took out his pocket book while on the members' stand and sang out, " I'll bet five to one I'm the biggest fool in the city or county of New York." After repeating the challenge several times, a man standing in the course immediately below looked up, and, with his port monnaie in his hand, said, " Hal loo, stranger, I'll take that bet, provided your name ain't George Francis Train." A ROUND BILL.-A tradesman pre sented a bill for the tenth time to a rich skinflint. "It strikes me," said the latter, fi that this is a pretty round bill."-?" Yes," replied the tradesman, "I've sent it round often enough to make it appear so, and I have called now to get it squared." THE Russians hare a strange practice of baptiz ing the infants that are left at their foundling hospitals. The iee of tne NEVA is broken* and the Archbishop of St. Petersburg performs the ceremony. Sometimes THE child slips out of the hands of the Archbishop, and is carried down the stream. "G-od has taken this child, hand me another," is the reply. AN EDITOB'S PSOPOSAX.-If our readers do not think that it requires nerve to edit a news paper out West, let them read this, the experience of " one of them fellers " as told by himself : " One evening-IT was moonlight, in the summer jfcime-we sat alone in the porch by the cottage door, holding that little white hand in a gentle pressure; one arm had stolen round her waist, and a silent song of joy, ' like the music of the night,1 was on her soul. Our lips met in a sweet delicious kiss, and, bending softly to her ear, we whispered A tale of passionate devotion-we pro posed. In a moment she tore her hand from ours, and with a look of ineffable scorn said, ' What! many an editor; You git out!' We slid." A man in Connecticut having advertised his wife for "leaving his bed and board," the fugacious spouse retorted as follows:-" I went away from the lazy lout to earn my ' board', and the ' bed' belongs to my own mother." 4 A FEENCH gentleman who had heard rum called spirits went into an hotel a^few evenings since, and called for a glass of punch, requesting at the same time that it should be made of "ghosts from the Vest Indies." Hollorvay s Pills. - Nervousness and want of energy-When first the nerves feel un strung, and listlessness supplants energy, it is the right time to take some alternative, as Holloway'S Pills, to prevent disorder running into disease. These excellent Pills correct all irregularities and weaknesses. They act so kindly, yet so energet ically, on the functions of digestion and assimila tion, that the whole body is revived, the blood is rendered richer and purer, the muscles become firmerand^tronger, and the nervous and absorbent systems are invigorated. These Pills are suitable for all classes and all ages. They have a most marvellous effect on persons who are "out of conditionthey soon rectify whatever is in fault, restore strength to the. body, and confidence to the mind.-Advt. A REVOLUTIONARY soldier in America was running for Congress, and his opponent was a young man who had " never been to the wars," and it was the custom of the old soldier to tell of the hardships he had endured. Said he, " Fellow-citizens, I have fought and bled for my countiy. I have helped to whip the British and the Indians. I have slept on the field of battle with no other covering than the canopy of heaven. I ? have walked over the frozen ground till every footstep was marked with blood." Just about this time, one of the "sovereigns." who had become greatly interested in his tale of sufferings, walked up in front of the speaker, wiped the tears from his eyes with the extremity of his coat-tail, and interrupted him with, " Did you say you had fout the British, and Ingins ?" " Yes, sir." " Did you say you had slept on the ground, while serving your country, without any kiver ?"-" I did." Did you say your feet covered the ground you walked over with blood?" -"Yes," replied the speaker, exultingly. " Well, then," said the tearful citizen, as he gave a sigh of pent-up emotion, " I guess I'll vote for t'other fellow, for I'll be darned if you haint done enough for your country." 