QUIET ATTENTIONS. By Hesba. Strettojt. ' With women the great business of life is love,' says Hazlitt ; ' and they gene rally make a mistake in it' I wish to know why this latter clause is true. In the first place, I believe there is at bottom a very subtle, but unacknowledged auuiguuisui uetweeu man ana woman, which has been scotched somewhat by the progress of civilization and chivalry, but which is too deeply rooted not to crop up here and there in all sorts of unexpected forms. There is very little true trust and tenderness existing between them ; but there is an almost universal disbelief in the strength and endurance of each other's emotions, whenever those emotions trench upon the sphere of affection. Read any man's writings, from Chaucer or Shakes peare downwards, and you find running through them a scoff and sneer, scarcely conscious, and therefore the more natural, against the idea of real constancy and love in woman. Listen to any woman's talk, and sooner or later she will let slip the melancholy sentiment of the Psalmist, 'All men are liars.' nrnt lpoot tVint mili)» rendering of the same passage, ' All men fail me.' There is as much antagonism implied between 'male and female' as between 'Jew and Greek ; bond and free.' There are two mistakes which women are apt to make in the outset of their busi ness, which tend to a very pitiable bank ruptcy. In a few cases she may remain perfectly unconscious of the advances of any lover until, after the lapse of months or even years, she is suddenly surprised and confounded by an utterly unexpected offer. Charlotte Bronte, who, as one would suppose, was all aflame with the passion which pervades her writings, was loved for years without suspecting it, nntil uac (iguwiugi oils oajraf Air jjooucu upon me.' But this mbtake is at once less common and less perilous than its opposite. What can surpass the absurdity, the chagrin, the mortification, the heart sickness and heart- soreness of a woman who has buoyed herself upon the hope that advances are being made to her, when in truth the supposed suitor has no serious infantinnK sat. nil i What are advances, and when are men making them ? 'A course of small, quiet attentions,' says Sterne, ' not so pointed as to alarm, nor so vague as to be mis understood, with now and then a look of kindness, and little or nothing said upon it' That is a man's answer to my ques tion ; the simplest and most straightfor ward I can find, after a long and careful research. And what a depth of cunning and discretion there is in it 1 Not too pointed, that the man's honour may not be bound by them; and not too vague to leave the woman fancy-free. ' A look of kindness now and then, and little or no thing said upon it,' is delicious, inimitable. It gives him so much vantage, and allows her so full a scope for the active play of the imagination. 'Small, quiet atten tions !' How small may they be, and how quiet ? In what way are we to make sure that these delicate attentions are being paid to us ? nouia orerne, or wiu men m general, admit that squeezing the hand is one of these small, quiet attentions which have great meaning in them 1 There is historical and royal evidence in affirmation of it, Dartmouth's old scandal of Edward Mon tagu losing his post of Chamberlain to Charles tbe Second's Catherine: 'Her Majesty asked the King (having never had an admirer before nor after), what people meant by squeezing the hand ! The Kins (no incompetent authority) told her ' love.' ' Then,' said she, - Mr. Montagu loves me mightily.' Upon which he was turned out' Yet what woman would dare risk her happiness, or her success in business, upon so trivial an advance as this f Even that more significant attention of keeping me nand in a warm, pleasant, lingering custody, which is quiet and pointed enough, and so paid as to make it difficult to notice favourably, save by a drooping of the eyelids, and a more conscious flushing of the cheeks ; even this, one knows, is no more to be relied upon than is a reed to be leant upon in a tempest. What about correspondence ? It is so pleasant to write to a woman; such an escape- valve for the compressed sentiment, which all a man's dealings with the world cannot entirely consume, that oue ought not to clog this delicate interchange of thought and feeling with the responsibility of being an advance. It is no more than an element of Platonic friendship. The German girl, Jleta Klopstock, describes the progress of her Platonic correspondence with the poet in one of her charming letters written in English to Richardson. ' It was a strong hour,' she writes ; ' the hour of Klopstock's deprrture. He wrote soon after ; and from that time our corres pondence began to be a very dilligent one. I siucerely believed my love to be friend ship. I spoke with my friends of nothing but Klopstock, and showed his letters. They ralilied me, and said I was in love. I raillied them again, and said they must have a very friendshipless heart, if they had no idea of friendship to a man as well as to a woman. My friends found as much love in Klopstock's letters as in me. I perceived it likewise, but I would not be lieve it. At the lost Klopstock said plainly that he loved, and I startled, as for a wrong thing. I answered that it was no love, but friendship ; we had not seen one another enough for love, as if love must have more time than friendship !' Rich ardson himself declares, in his oracular manner, ' Platonic love is Platonic non sense ; 'tis the fly buzzing about the blaze till its wings are scorched. Age, old age, and nothing else, must establish the bar riers of Platonic love.' Yet I wonder how many letters to-night's post will scatter np and down through the country which shall be just as vague and as pointed as Sterne would have them to be ? ' No kissing I' said Gothe's first love, the little milliner, Gretchen; 'No kissing 1 that is so vulgar ; but let us love, if we can !' No doubt the girl, two years the senior, was laughing at the impassioned boy, yet there was a rare refinement in her uiatasie. nieiana, tne uerman novelist, must have been a sublime lover. He was perfectly convinced that love is born with the first sigh, and expires in a certain de gree with tbe first kiss. Zimmerman asked the young lady to whom he was attached, when it was that Wieland saluted her for the first time ? ' Wieland,' replied the amiable girl, 'did not kiss my hand for the first four years of our acquaintance 1' Of the same transcendental order must have been that Puritan divine who, after a be trothal of seven years, asked a blessing and returned thanks over the hist kiss, and was married shortly afterwards, it is added. These were betrothed kisses, it is true ; but are there no experimental ones ? Down in innocent places in the country, where it is rather rural than vulgar f The excite ment of being kissed unexpectedly is great and rare, for no man can take a girl by sur prise twice, the memory of a first kiss lingering in her mind for ever afterwards. There is, let it be confessed frankly, a certain kind of triumphant disquietude in having uccu &iaaeu;, a grtuuug vl me BKin 01 W6 conscience, and a tiny sting ieft in it, which gives zest to the stolen caress ; but still we say, with Gretchen, 'No kissing ; that is vulgar!' Teaching ; the most subtle of all quiet attentions. Sitting side by side, with heads almost teaching one another, bent above the same page ; leaves turned over by fingers that cannot help but meet some times ; words in a foreign language shyly echoed by the pupil, who only half knows their meaning; wilful mistakes made to lure the tutor into eludings, which need a hundred flatteries to unsay them;. grave digressions to display the learning of the one and the sweet reverence of the other. ' Nothing can conduce to a more beautiful union,' says Gotbe. But after all, does it often conduce to union? There is one question which the teacher alone can ask ; the scholar, like a ghost, can only speak when the spell of silence is broken, and nine times out of ten he goes away, leaving that one nnfgiHnn nnnntMt A maiden friend of mine, who has been wooed eleven times, and knows a good deal about it, assures me that the only atten tions to be taken notice of, and relied upon, are those that touch the pocket 'When your Platonic friend,' Bhe says, ' begins to offer gifts, costly according to his means, depend npon it the aflair has. become a business with him, as well as with you.' The American missionary, Judson, poss essed a valuable watch, which he bestowed in succession before marriage upon each of his three wives ; when he offered it to the third object of his affections, he stated that it had the desirable property of always re turning to him, bringing the beloved wearer with it Be sure the wise and pru dent man would never have parted with his watch, unless he had been firmly per suaded that he was making a good invest ment, safe to bring him in large and dear returns. When a costly offering is laid upon the shrine, the offerer means worshin. Some men much need Sydney Smith's reminder of the Deluge, 'when a great alteration was made in the longevity of mankind. He should gaze at Noah, and be brief 1' Of all women she is the most to be pitied who has a slow-paced suitor ; he is worse than a retrograding one. How admirable, how prompt, how perfectly sa tisfactory was the conduct of another legendary Puritan, who rode up to the door of the house where dwelt 'the girl of his choice, and having desired her to be called ont to him, said, without circumlocution, ' Rachel, the Lord hath sent me to marry thee !' when the girl answered, with equal promptitude and devoutness, ' The Lord's will be done !' Once I had the charge of a four-year old laddie, to whom I chattered, as women who love children are wont to do, of all things that came into my own mind, grave or gay, fun or earnest, fairy tales or Bible histories. One afternoon the fancy seized me to teach him the following stanzas, which he learned by heart, with that pro found gravity almost amounting to gloom, so often shown by children : — ?'Ti» good to be merry and win ; 'Tie good to be honest and true; Tis pood to be off with the old lore Before you are on with the new.' ' Oh, auntie !' cried the boy, when he bad mastered it, ' what a pretty verse ! I should so like to say it with my prayers 1' I was too orthodox then to consent to that ; but very often since I have thought I might have done worse than teach him to blend ideas of honesty and truth in love with ths habit of worship. The knight of olden times vowed fidelity to God aud his lady. Perfect truth here would be perfect wisdom. Love only becomes a business to women after they have made some bitter discoveries ; until then it is little less than the religion of life to them. Gbthe, that prince of philanderers, has given us a glimpse of the retribution that overtook him. ' I had wounded,' he said, the most beautiful heart to ite very depths, and the period of a gloomy repentance, with the absence of a refreshing love to which I had grown accustomed, was most agonising nay, unsupportable.' I will conclude with some wise counsel from the same. Sterue, who gives so crafty a definition of 'small, quiet attentions :' — ' Be open, be honest ; give yourself for what you are ; conceal nothing, varnish nothing; and if those weapons will not do, better not conquer at all, than conquer for a day ; when the dream is over, and we awake in the morn ing, it will ever be the same story : And it came to pass, behold it was Leah 1' 