THd PIKE MAN'S PREDICAMENT. fFrom the Worcester Journal.1 Yes, Sir, you're right—Reuben Greaves is my name. I suppose you see it over the door, didn't ye? The Trust 'ad it painted up there when I fust took to the 'pike; and as you say, Sir, the letters might 'ave been a leetle bigger and straighter. 'Ow long 'av I 'ad the 'pike? Well, ye see, I took to it when I wasn't so 'ard o' 'eaipng as I am now —when old Master Gardner, as you may 'avo 'eerd speak of, died—a matter o' five-and twenty vekr ago. I've seen some rum things: in my time, you suppose? No—^no thin' worth speakin' of, 'cept one, and thaPs such a long stoiy I'm werry much afeard as how you'd weary of it afore I'd done. You wouldn't? Well then, Sir, you jest draw up a bit nigher to the fire, and light your cigar with this 'ere bit 'o last week's newspaper as I knows by heart—adwertisements and all— arid I'll tell ye the story o' that paintin' cver the mantleshelf. What pictur' do I mean?" Well, there ain't rich a many of 'em as to perwent you from seein' it, for certain; that one, I mean, wot's got wrote on it in letters as big as print— Miss Lavikia Fitzgibbon as Lady Macbeth That's wot it says, ain't it? Do I know her? Well, 1 rayther think as 'ow I do—I ought to know her, considerin' as 'ow I brought her up from a child, and gave her the first start in life as she ever got. You'd like to know all about it! Werry well, then, you shall, though 'taint often that I tells the story. I suppose, Sir, you don't remember the* royal mail coach Gipsy Queen, with them four greys as wos the delight of -old Tom Hewlett's life? Well, no matter for that; the Gipsy Queen, crowded with insides and outrides—for 'twas the holiday time ye see— 'ad jest passed through my gate on the twenty-fourth o' December, one thousand eight hundred and forty-three—(the werry identical year as you was born in? Well surely!)—and I wos a rittin' afore the fire, jest as we may be now—sittin' 'ere a thinkin' o' the time when sich a fall o' snow as we'd 'ad that day would 'ave .been the werry jolliest thing as could a' happened for ulj boys; and dreamin' now and then about all sorts of things, not forgetting a dear little sister that we buried under the old willow tree, in the corner of our churchyard, where the long grass waves in the summer wind, and where, if you was to go aud look at the old place now, Sir, you'd see a wreath of everlastin' flowers on the tiny grave. Rein' Christmas time, and uncommon cold even for Christmas, I'd made up my mind to 'ave a bit of jollification all to myself; and I wos jest pourin' the bilin' water on to some sperrits that I'd 'ad up from the " Thatched Cottage," as stands down along to this 'ere very day, when, "Hullo!" I said, for I'd 'eerd a-kind of runaway knock at the door of the cottage, and it bein' then nigh upon 12' o'clock I couldn't for the life o' me think who it was a rappin' at that time o'night. I wos jest a thinkin' it most '£ve been all my fancy, and meant to take no moie notice of it, when, "Hullo!" I said again, "what's up, Reuben?" And sum'mat said in a werry low tone of woice—"Why don't you go to the door and see who it is that's out in the hitter cold and snow this night more'n all other nights in the year?" So according I went to the door. I'd no sooner opened it than—whew! 'ow the cold did rush in, whistlin' as if the trees wo3 all a makin' a kind of a concert for Christmas. There was a woman standin' at the threshold when I opened the door. She 'ad a bundle in her arms, and seemed to be froze with the cold, for she didn't say anything for quite a minute. Then 'oldin' out her 'ands, and castin' sich a look at me with her dark eyes as I've never seen since, nor don't want to, she said, in a hoarsish sort of whisper, "For the love of Heaven, Sir, let us in!'" and as I stepped back, and wos a shadin' my eyes to get a good look at her, she rustled by me like a ghost, mid sunk down on that werry bench where you're now sitting Sir. Well, I shut the door—it wosn't likely aa I was a going to refuse shelter on a Christmas Eve to a poor creetur like that—and then I see she'd got a child m her arms, which was; the bundle I told you of. Poor thing! she wos but a girl, not more'n nineteen, if so much, I should say; but in her eyes, that stared at you like a tiger's, there was a wild look that I didn't much like to see, and she seemed so thoroughly down that at fust I scarce knowed what to say to cheer her up. Now, if I'd been a woman I should 'ave gone up to her, took her child into my own arms, and let her lay down a bit; but as I was only a poor pikeman, and not used 1g> children, why I didn't. As she gave no signs 5f qreakin', and looked straight afore her into the fire, I up and said, "No offence, 'm, but may I make so bold as to ask where you're a going to ?" You'll scarce believe it, I dessay, but jumpiii' up, and glarin' round the little room as she hugged the little un closer to her breast, the 'eavin' o' which showed plain enough wofc agony she wosiundergoin'—you won'tbelieve it, I know, but with a laugh jest wot you 'ears down at the 'sylum at Elm Grove, she says, " Where am I going to? To Hell! Where else should I go? Where else can a guilty thing like me go to?" And with that down she sat again, and began a rockin' her self back'ards -and- for'ards, and laughin' for all the world like a mad woman, which she certainly .was, or I ain't no judge o' mad folk. . You may think this frightened me, but you're wrong there; 5br I'd 'ad an uncle wot wos one of the 'sylum keepers, who told me never to be afeard o' mad people, but always to fix 'em with your eyes,, and then they don't dare touch ye. She's got away, thinks if from some lunatic 'sylum or other; but 'ow about the child lyrn' so quiet in her arms? That was the puzzle. So I thought I'd humour her a bit; and takin' up the gin nn'-water I stepped . towards her, and, •"Here," I said, as bold as brass, "take a ■drop o' this, and give the young nn a sup-® 'twill cheer you up," " You're werry good " to me," she said, when she'd sipped up about tablespoonful; " I'm better now. But I must not stop, my husband's waitin' for . me •down the road, ■ and I've - sworn to overtake him." "Veil, 'm," I says, "of conrse you know best, but I should say, 'let him wait down the road, if he's there.'" She laughed, -and noddin' her 'ead most artful, said, "Yes, .yes, but I've got an account to settle with— with the man for whom I have toiled and Begged and lied, and who has now cast me -off like an old shoe! See, my friend (and she •drew from under her shawl a long, sharp knife, that glistened in the red firelight, and made my flesh creep all over me)—this is for -the traitor—for the Judas who betrayed a poor girl and broke a mother's heart! Does the sight of it frighten yon?—does: it make your heart jump into your mouth?—do you feel its sharpness ? Look At the quivering blade and see how thin it is—how beautifully keen! Oh ! it will be rare game to flash it before the coward who thought he had got rid of me for ever!—and then to draw it across his white throat! How he will scream with terror! How he will pray!—yes, he, the man on whom, . if it ever fell oh any one, the red mantle of Judas Iscariot has descended—he will pray to his •God, who they say never refuses to hear. But he will die for all that—I dreamt it last night ; and when did my dreams prove false? Oh! it will be brave work—-brave work. How I wos a bit staggered at this for -certin'; but thihkin' it best to keep on humourin' her and never thinldn'as 'ow she'd take me at my word, " Leave thechild here," I J "Well," she answered, ''there's ^something in, that. The poor innocent might bs in my way, and that would never do. Yes, I'll leave her with you, but mind—I -shall be sure to come back for her, and look to yourself if die's ciying." But I'd got the babe in my arms by this time, and wos a nursin' it. Seein' this, she changed her tone pretty quick, and said more gentler like— " Well, well, don't mind what I say—my head burns, and my brain seems on fire. -Open the door, and let in a breath of air, or I shall choke." I'd no sooner done this than die dipped by without a word, flew down the road towards Farmer Green's mill, and left me a standin' at the door, with the baby in my arms, and my mouth wide open. This wos a nice predicament for a pikeman if you like. I made up a little bed. for the child, who opened her big black "eyes, and I thought.smiled at me as I wrapped her in -one of the old coats that I used to wear when i I wos guard o' the Bocket—the Brummagem •coach as wos—and the next mornin' afore breakfast I took the poor darlin' down to my mother's, and jest told her what I've told yon, Sir. 'Twos a nice Christmas box that wos, wosn'tit?—'specially for a bachelor and a pikeman. . Some women would 'ave made a fuss about it; but my mother wasn't one o' that kind; and though, as times'went, we really couldn't afford to have .another mouth to fill (no matter 'ow small it was), yet we managed to do it, and, by God's help, to find the little 'un in clothes besides. That wos hut a sad Christmas for every body in the village; for the same mornin' Squire Weatherby's keepers found in a field near Lone Barn Bottom the body of a man, with his throat cut from" ear to ear. Of course there was au- inquest, and of course I went and told wot X knew o' tke afiair ; but as there wos no other evidence to show'ow the poor gent met his death, the jury found wot they said wos a open verdict-—jX wos" sure as he'd' been, murdered, thoughJsome hinted at sooieide; hut they hadn't seen the mad woman's knife]—and the murdered man wos buried at midnight, 'cordin' to old custom, in a bit p' waste ground, where nothin' but weeds and nettles would grow, onShootash Commpn, where they bury all sooieides. Well, Sir, the years .flew ion, .an' little Alice (our Vicar's lady, who took most wonderful to the child, gave -her that name) grew up more beautiful every day. She played with the other children, and went to the same school,' and wore the same rough clothes as they did; but law! bless .ye, you could see she was"a little lady; and I hoped more and more that somebody would come and claim her, though to 'ave parted with her would 'ave been a sore trial, through her bein' the most loving girl as yon. ever see. Every momin' in the summer, after school time, she'd come down to the gate as reg'lar as ye like to see her Uncle Reuben—(that's wot she used to call me)—and when I could get a mate to mind the 'pike for me, we'd take a ramble through the meadows, which at that time o' year wos filled with bachelors' buttons and cbwslips and such like; and* sometimes we'd even ventur' down as far as that field at Lone Barn Bottom, where, as I've said, her father was murdered; hut of course, ye know, I never said a word abput that to her, poor innocent. She wos that quick at her hooks after she'd been to school a little while that she used to know her■' lessons afore some o' the others had. begun Ihsirs; and she wo3 such a one for takin'-off people, that our folks used to say 'twos as good as a play to see her mimic old Sally Harris as kep' the general shop nigh the Church. How, the folks up at the.Hall, as I dessay you know, Sir, through bein' there so much, W03 always noted for play-actin'; and one Christmas, when there wos to be grander doin's than usual on account of one of the young ladies bein' married, one o' the prin cipal lady-actors fell ill that sudden that they wos in a quandary 'ow they should get her place filled up. 'Owsumever, the servants, 'ad seen our Alice act summat as she'd got out of a book which the church organist (who, between; yon and me, Sir, wos remarkably sweet on her) lent to her; so she up and said so; and the end of it wos that they sent for Alice, who werry soon learnt the part they wanted her to act, and they do say that she beat the whole lot of 'em. There wos a sight o' folks up at the Hall that Christmas, and amongst them was a gent from London, who'd got a theayter of liis own, andhewosso struck with Alice that iie said if she'd. go to London and act he'd give lier a pound a week to begin with, and a rise in three months. So she went; and now she's at the top of the tree; and the news paper gents, wot wos rayther 'ard on her at . first through bein' a stranger and a novice, they can't say anythink too good for her now, i as you may see by the country papers, which copies reg'lar wotever is said about ker by the Londoners. She's always a sendin' us down summat or other; and only two year ago last fall (that time that she played at the Theayter Royal, here, you know, Sir), she come down and" stayedfor a week at the Squire's; and every day she used to have the school children .in and .treat 'em to all sorts of things. . - ' Wot became of her mother? Well, ye see, that's the queerest part of it, though what I see in a newspaper the other day clears it up a little. It said that at the Theayter in London, a woman, ragged and dirty, with bloodshot eyes staring out of her 'ead, wos took into custody for makin' a disturbance ^ when Miss Fitzgibbon was actin' one night This woman said that the young lady on the stage wos her daughter as she 'ad lost for years; but the p'lece said it wos werry clear the woman w;os mad; so now she is bein' took care of in oiie o' them big 'sylums n«>aT London. Edward Legge. A Bee-Charmeb.—Tlie following is a description of a bee-charmer, who has been ex citing are at interest at the State fair at Saratoga " One of the greatest attractions on the ground ■was a great honey-bee monger," whose.hat, while on ills head, was covered with. bees, which appeared [idled * tike a small swarm on a bush. He handled-the hees as if they were harmless dies. They crawled all over his person, in his hair, and on his face, and he put some of them in .hie month and. blew them out, and handled them 'at- pleasure. And what was most remarkable is, thpy were strange bees, attracted from woods.or from colonies in-the country. Immense crowds of people hiin'g around him, continually asking questions, and acquiring the secret of collecting bees from the, forest, or robbing your neighbours of their busy workers by remaining quietly-at home. - "When .every bee was shaken from his hat, and it was returned to his head, the buzzing swarm about him would quickly return, completely covering bis hat. The superin tendent interfered, as he affirmed that snch an exhibition drew away too many people." -Boston Advertiser. 