THE JOLLY B.M.C. PARTIES who insinuate that there remains no pluck in Brisbane should not read the following: The Corporation of Brisbane, after presenting an address to His Excellency Colonel Blackall, yesterday, and assisting at Government House at his induction into office, adjourned to the Municipal Chambers to luncheon. His Wor- ship the Mayor presided, and the health of "His Excellency Colonel Blackall, Her Majesty's re- presentative in Queensland, and a long and suc- cessful tenure of office to him," was drank. The propriety of the Municipality of Brisbane offering to the late Acting-Governor some proof of the high estimation in which he is held was then considered, and the feeling of those present being most hearty and unanimous in his regard : It was moved by Alderman Porter, seconded by Alderman Murray, and carried unani- mously :—" That his Worship the Mayor and the whole Council form themselves into a com- mittee for the purpose of inaugurating a citizens' ball in honor of His Excellency the late Go- vernor, Colonel O'Connell, on his retirement from office." Moved by Alderman Beattie, se- conded by Alderman Baines, and unanimously carried,—" That the Town Clerk be authorised to procure 600 tickets, to be issued to the oiti- zens at the following rates : Single tiokets, 10s. 6d. each; double tickets, 15s. each; family tickets, to admit not more than three, 20s.; the said ball to take place on the 7th September next, the ninth anniversary of the inauguration of the Brisbane Municipal Council." Never say die! The part taken in the day's proceedings by the Volunteers was highly successful, and most creditable to them. At about 9 a.m. the dif- ferent companies mustered at their respeotive posts, and went through a short preliminary drill. The numerical strength of each corps was nearly as follows:—No. 1 Battery Q.V.A, thirty men, under Captain Seymour; No. 2 Battery, fifty-five men (including the band), under Captain Jetter; No. 1 Company Rifles, forty-five men, under Lieutenant M'Donnell; No. 2 Company Rifles, forty men, under Captain Hodgson; No. 4 Company, forty-two men, under Captain Fowles. Inclusive of the three bands, there must have been about 240 volunteers of all ranks on duty. The whole force was under the command of Lieutenant Macgregor, of the Queen's Own. Their duties being over, the Volunteers marched through the principal streets of the city, after which they returned to the Treasury Square and were dismissed. A few days ago, Mr. Aplin, the Government Geologist for the Southern districts of the colony, whilst out on an exploring expedition in the neighborhood of the Pine River, dis- covered a gold-bearing quartz reef, on Samford, Mr. Townley's station, about eighteen miles from Brisbane. He came into Brisbane, and reported the discovery at headquarters, and hat since returned to make further explorations. The fortnightly meeting of the Petrie Ter- race Band of Hope was held on Aug. 11, at the Baptist Chapel at that place. The building was well filled, and Mr. Moore presided as usual. The proceedings were opened by prayer and hymns, after which the children belonging to the Society recited very creditably several pieces of poetry, most of them being descriptive of the advantages of temperance. Mr. Smith ad- dressed the meeting, and in doing so, moved a resolution to the effect that the Band of Hope should present an address to the new Governor, Colonel Blackall, on his arrival. The pro- position was carried by acclamation; and yes- terday the children had an interview with the Governor. Their address is to be presented on Monday. The Orpheus Society serenaded His Bxcellency the Acting-Glovernor on the eveningof Aug.10, at Government House; the members of the society singing several of the choice part songs for the rendering of which they have acquired such well-deserved applause on various occasions. His Excellency and friends seemed to enjoy the performance very heartily, and to estimate the compliment as it deserved; and, after a courte- ous exhibition of the hospitalities of Government House, the performers retired, satisfied that they had given expression, in some slight degree, to the high esteem in which the hon. and gallant Colonel is held by all classes of the community. It is pretty well known that the illustrious stranger who lately honored our poor city with his presence, under the style, title, and dignity of the " Count von Attems," is the individual who, in our Sydney telegram of to-day is said to have obtained large advances in that city, on fictitious papers. We are sorry to say that he managed, during his short stay here, to walk into the good graces of some of our citizens, and to make rather heavy drafts on their bankers. His countship, it will be remem- bered, left Brisbane in that renowned craft the Hamlet's Ghost, the history of which vessel ought to be written some day; and he has last been heard of at Cleveland Bay. A war rant is out for his apprehension, and troopers have been dispatched overland from Port Deni- son to secure him if possible before he makes a descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed to notice the "Count" as he deserved when he was in Brisbane, but should he visit us again, especially with the order which the Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer on him on his breast, and Mr. Seymour's decorations at his wrist, we shall en- deavor to make amends for our former neglect of Son Altesse. In theSupremeCourt on Aug. 10, Mr. Harding, on behalf of the junior members of the bar, drew the attention of His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche to the fact that the Attorney- General was in the habit of opening pleadings, when there were a dozen junior counsel, of equal ability, to conduct such business. He also stated that, although it had been said that the Queen's Counsellors, at the Queensland bar, drew pleadings because the juniors had not suflicient ability to do so, yet a reference to recent papers would show that pleadings drawn by Queen's Counsellors had been successfully demurred to. Mr. Blake said, in all his expe rience in England, Ireland, and the colonies of Victoria and New South Wales, he had never known a silk gown open pleadings. It was understood that when a gentleman had the honor of a silk gown conferred upon him, he should relinquish those particular branches of the profession which belonged to the outer bar. The Attorney-General submitted that the matter was one for the bar, and not for His Honor, to decide. He and Mr. Lilley had agreed some time ago not to accept briefs in the District Court unless junior counsel were engaged in the same case, and they had kept theirj words, but he, for one, would not agree to follow the same practice in the Supreme Court. He had seen (he practise now complained of followed in N. S. W. With reference to the ability displayed by the pleaders at the Queensland bar, he supposed the attorceys were the best judges of that, and not his friend Mr. Harding. Mr. Lilloy, Q.C., coin cided with the opinions expressed by the Attor ney-General. He said that by the concession already made to the junior members of the bar, many of his clients who were unable to bear the additional expense of feeing a junior counsel at well as himself, were obliged to dispense with his services. If he gave up as much in the Supreme Court as he had done in the District Court, he might as well give up his practice for the benefit of the junior members of the bar. The Attorney-General said that if he gave up as much as the junior coun sel now requested, he would not be able to live at the bar, nor would anyone else in his place. His Honor observed that in N. S. W. he had seen Mr. Darvall and Sir W. Manning, when Attorney-General and Solicitor-General respec tively, openly draw pleadings and open pleadings in Court. The matter to which his attention had been directed was a point of etiquette to be decided by the bar itself, and QTO with which he could not interfere, 