A WONDERFUL GHOST. It Fortells tho Loss of Ons of tho California Steamore. (From the Minneapolis ( Minnesota ) 7Vt6unt.) Since tho announcement of ghostly oppcar- BDces at tho Winslow Mouses, hundreds of people havo visited the building, and occupants of tho houso 6tate thnt straugc sights aud Bounds have often bcon repeated. Tlio follow- Ingststemeut, by threo witnesses, will ho read with intorcst, and furnishes food for reflection. Tbo prophesy mado by tbo apparition in reference to tbo burning of an ocean stoamcr will furnish a test of his ghostship's reliability. One Sunday morning, at about half-past county by tbo name of Secord, who came down to sue if he could Dot solve tho mystery con- peotcd with tho " Wioslotv Mouso Ghost." He told mo his business, aud requested me to tbow him through the haunted portions of tlio hooso. He is a strong believer in spiritualism, ml displayed u good deal of enthusiasm in its advocacy, and felt confident that the appari tions which had been previously scon woro ' from tho spirit world. On our way to the engine-room wo met Mr. Hubert, who accom panied us. We went through all tbo cellar rooms and holes in tho lower part of tho buildiog, and all was as silent as tho tomb; not a sound was heard nor anyLbiug sccu until wc went into tho room on the north-wo?t corner of tho building, in which stands a largo fceavy table. When wo ontorod the room the door was closed behind us, and, owing to tho fact; that the inside knob was off tho lock, I, in a joking mannorj remarked that wo hnd closed ourselves in, and would have a poor ohanco to beat a hasty retreat, if any general- whip should, in case of cmcrgeucy, be required. We were at this time about ten feet from tho door, and had assumed a half leaning posture against the table. I had scarcely made tho remark about the door boing closed on us wlioq it gently opened back to tho wall, and a tall, ghostly-looking man deliberately entered tho room. FIc was clad in a black broadcloth k cout and pants, n satin vest, broken and hang- ing in shreds, just above the right baDd ' pocket, showing that it was considerably worn, and his appearance showed what might bo called " shabby gentility." Ho was in his stocking feet, which were bluo in colour, whilo nearly ono-half toward tho toes were white. His bead was covered by a clean and very white night-cap, with very long broad flaps to it like a woman's hood. His beard wa9 long and blnck, and had a wavy appearance on the earn, wnue on dm upper up toward the angle of his mouth, it tnrncd up toward his check bones in a loug curl. His complexion pre sented a ghastly und cadaverous appearance, his eyes were large, glassy, and rolling, and wore deeply sunkon in his head, and were shaded by long glossy eyelashes. His eye- brown were heavy, but not large, and his forehead was very high arid full When he entered I must confess that I did not feel quite at eaao and hardly knew where f was, but recovered my thoughts when Mr. Hubert exclaimed, " In the namo of God, doctor, what do you want?" I had never sccu Dr. Jowcll in my life before, and whilo ho was secmiugly meditating on his answer to Mr. Hubert's question, I saw him before me as described abovo. His appearnoco was not in point of materi ality like anything earthly. It seemed to lack weight and substance, and more resembled 4ho gravity and movement of a very dense and heavy shadow. His movements were noiseless and graceful, and ho seemed to slido rather than walk, and looked liko a man on skates with both foot together under very slow motion. After a pauso of a fow seconds, which seemed an ago, lie said, " I have a mestr.ge to communicate and havo hitherto failed to get any one to whom I could unbosom my troubles, because thoy ceom to fear inc, . aud in their confusion lcavo mo or forget to ask me the question which you havo done. I am . not happy in my present sphere, which is ono of tho lowest, and places roe in too close proximity with earthly friends and things. I am permitted, os — »)J here ore, to seo all that transpires on earth, and our thoughts; like those strangers In a strange land, are continually reverting to friends and things which wo havo left behiud; but thoso in tbo higher spheres nro too pure and onwrapt in hoavonly enjoyments to bo defiled by such coutamiuating scenes —hut my probation here will soon terminate, and then upward, higher, and more delightful Trill be my courso. My troubles are concern ing my wife and daughter, who nre shortly going to California, and unless tlioy take this warning thoy will both bo lost. Tho steamer that will be waiting for them on tho Pacific, after being three days out, will bo destroyed by fire, and many lives Io9t. They must not go on that vessel, but on another of smaller piraensions, which will 6afcly reach its destina tion. This is my trouble, and now I shall bo at rest, and will not ho hero any more." I then asked hira why he had told my daughtor to goto room seventy-four on tho fourth story, lie said that "it was for the purpose of getting her to go there that she might find an old paper in which was tho full account of the destruction of ono of tho Pacific lino of steamers a few years ago," " Why did you desire Mr Jewell to sit on tho west sido of the table?" "This I thought would arouse her attention and cause her to inquire about her projected journey, and then I could im- -part the the nMetsirv information." " Why did you not appear to her instead of my daughter." I have dono so frcqueutly; hut although she is fully aware of iny presence, she is iucapablo of seeing me, and I canniit speak to those who do not behold me." The most singular part of this affair is, that although Mr. Secord was standing between Mr. Hubert and myself he saw nothing, but he distinctly heard what was said. He attempted to elicit somo Information from htm concerning dead relatives, but he seemed not to heed Mr. Secord's interrogations nt ull. Ilia voico was subdued, but clear, and his words were articulated with a marked precision that iudioatcd laboured effort, aud each sen tence wa9 followed by a long pauso as if bo was poodoring over the next sentence before uttering it. He thou vanished, but did not go out of tho door, and it appeared that he bud been iu the room bulf uu hour ; but as to tlio exact timo I cannot tell. Wo came into the house and talked tho matter over, aud the above is the exuot version upon which we all agreed. Wo are all satisfied that there was no. optical delusion, no working of imagiuatiou, but that we both saw and heard what is here in stated. — F. E. M'Bai.v, T. Hubert, Samuel Secord. St. Anthony, April 5, loGS. P.S— For tho last twenty years I havo ooiubuttcd both with tny pou aud tongue the manifestations, promulgated and placed before tho world, ns cinnuating from the spirit land, as mere humbugs; havo looked upon Euuinucl Swedetiborg's « Lifo of Man after Death" as the vagaries of a disordered tniud; have pro nounced Robert Dale Oweo's " Foot Priuts" more effusions of a visionary; but tho pain ful solemnity of yesterday's interview is so indelibly stamped on tbo tablets of memory that it camint fade whilo life lusts. Let not idle jeors of the sceptical bu hurled iu ridi cule on that which is abovo their reach, or beyond the power of more man to explain. I am incapable of treating lightly that which my senses of hearing, seeing, and fooling in- controvertibly pluccd before mo, and for which science cannot furnish a rational solution'; I have for days borno tho laugh and jeers from mauy from whom better might bo expected ; but all tho harm I wi>h them is that they had been at the in terview, and beheld tho awful solemnity of tho scene, while listening to the clear measured tones thnt camo from ODe whoso very appearance clearly indicated that he was not flesh and blood. In tho namo' of reason and charity, respect tho feelings of thoso who arc already too much troubled with this un solicited notoriety, aud oblige yours truly, F. E. M'Bain. An Irish waiter once complimented a salmon iu the following manucr: — "Faith, it's not two hours since tj|it salmon was walk ing round his raal estate, with his hands in his pockets, never dhraming what a pretty invitasbun he'd have to jine you jmtlcmcn at diunor. No one but a French- 'savnn' would ever havo thought of this: — "A French 'savun has likcoed tho quickness of volition in an animal to tho telegraph. Ho tolls his class: When a whnlo is harpooned the nervo affected instantly telegraphs to the creature's brain, ' Harpoon iu tail.' upon which tho brain telegraphs back, 'Jerk tail and upset boat.' Wonderful thing isscieuco!" A man being examined in an important case, oounsel found it extremely difficult to extract tho whole truth from him. His ingeuuity and ignorance combiucd cuabled him to evhdo the questions. At last tho lawyer, lo>ing patienco, exclaimed, " Why, sir, do you prevaricate so much?" Tho witness supposiug ho referred to his pcouliar manner of utterance, convulsed tho court and tho audionco by replying indignantly, " I would like to know how a fellow can help prevaricating when ho has lost three of his front teeth ?" 