nrcPATMTJBE OP THE REV. J. WATSFORD. A valedictory meeting to the Rev. J. Watsford was held on Monday evening in the Pirie-streel Chapel, which though the weather was wet and u-i.osnnD am Innrplv attended. The Droceedinirs were opened with singing ana prayer. Mr. J. B. Hack, one of the stewards of the North Adelaide Circuit presided. He said that he felt it to be an honour, a duty, and a pleasure to do so, Jioufjh contrary to the usual bent of his inclina ;ion. During the 10 years he had been connected with Wesleyan Methodism in the colony he had iratched with great interest it3 progress, and the :vidences of the Divine blessing upon their labours. He remembered with gratification the progress of Methodism under the Rev. Mr. Draper, and the increase of the Church during his ministry. And now they were met to bid their dear mend farewell. The Rev. Mr. Watsford had recently delivered a lecture in which he expressed tiis sentiments freely respecting other denomina tions: but whilst he showed his sympathy with ind kind feelings towards all who acknowledged the great truths of the GospeL he had no such feelings towards any Church which directed the penitent sinner to seek for pardon and forgiveness from any other source, either earthly or heavenly, than the Lord Jesus Christ. (Applause.) He had on all occasions recognised the great principle of justification by faith as the fundamental doctrine of the Gospel, and he was sure that all Christian men would wish him success and prosperity in the new field of labour to which he was about to be transferred. He would there have an extensive sphere of usefulness opened up to him, and those he was about to leave behind were, he trusted, too good Christians to desire to deprive their dear friend of the privilege pf promoting the cause of Christ in the neighbouring colony. (Cheers.) He would now call upon the Rev. Mr. Watsford to repeat his lecture. The Kev. J. Watsford, on rising, was warmly cheered. He felt that it would be with a good deal of difficulty he would be able to say anything to themthat evening. The kindnesshe had experienced during the last few weeks had almost overwhelmed him. and on his preaching last evening to them for the last time he felt that he had the respect and esteem of a very large number of friends, whom he was now about to leave behind him. He had been requested to repeat the lecture he gave last week in Archer-street, and which had been pretty fully reported. The report was generally correct, and the reporter had generally done him justice ; but there were one or two points to which he intended to refer as being somewhat inaccurate. In referring to South Australia and what he knew respecting it he did not speak as a stranger, but he gave the result of his six years' experience amongst them. Paxton Hood mentioned the case of a traveller who on his arrival in China saw a drunken man whose wife had red hair, and he wrote home to Bay that the Chinese were all of that stamp. On the other hand, a Chinese who visited England saw on his landing that the man who owned the boat had a wooden leg, and he wrote back to say that in England all who had wooden legs were employed as ferrymen. (Continued laughter.) But that was not his case. He was no stranger amonzst them, and therefore he bad a right to give his opinions respecting the colony, and to give them fearlessly, so long as he gave them honestly. (Applause.) He had given them freely, and what he had said here he would repeat elsewhere. One of the statements he made, which had been mis represented, was in reference to what he said respecting Canaan. He did not say that South Aus tralia was nearer than any other place in the wotldtto the Land of Canaan. What he did say was this— he was referring to the promise made in the Book of Deuteronomy, which he stated applied in many respects to South Australia, and he wenton to show that this resulted from the fact that in this country they had abundance of com and wine and other productions similar to those of Canaan, and that therefore. South Australia must become a great and prosperous country. (Applause.) Then, again, in this country many poor men had risen to positions of eminence, and tie maintained that what, man had done man could do. He stated that at North Adelaide, and he said so still. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to recapitulate his opinions respecting the City of Adelaide and the beauty of its buildings, the climate of t-'outh Australia, the general health of the inhabitants, and the evils resulting from what were called the ''necessary evils' of certain licensed public-houses. There were, he said^ no 'necessary evild,' and those houses so called ought to be put down. With regard to billiard-tables, they had ruined many young men, and ought to be open to the police at all hours of the day and night. He wished, also, to say a few words respecting the Press. (Cheers.) What be had to say about the Press by which he had been attacked was only this, that when any re spectable, intelligent portion of the Press descended to personal abuse and ridicule, he had nothing more to say. (Applause.) With regard to the various denominations cf Protestants to which he alluded in North Adelaide, he wished it to be understood that his statements were made with all kindness and Christian charity. He had lived long enough to know that there were Bome men who dwelt in plas3 houses, and *rho were in the habit of throwing stones themselves, but who raised a great cry if only a pebble hap pened to be thrown at then!. They had often read in the newspapers criticisms upon Methodism, and why should he be so severely condemned for the remarks he bad made in all kindness, and with a view to the general good! (Applause.) With respect te the Concregationalists, he simply said that he respected their minister, and that whilst their organization did not reach the scattered parts of the colony they were doing a great work nearer home. And then he expressed a hope that they would be on their guard against German rationalism. This had given offence, but they could not deny that some of their ministers in England were tainted with rationalism. With regard to the Baptist?, they had complained that he had charged them with attempting to proselytize their young people. He could not wait to examine into the exa.t meaning of the terra, but the facts could not be denied. Their Baptist friends had imported a new Testament from America, and they had written to him and to the teachers and superintendents with a view to getting this new translation of the Testament introduced into their schools. But he repeated that that book was but milk-and-water compared with that grand old book (pointing to the copy of the authorized version lying on the pulpit cushion.) (Loud applause.) 'In those days came John the Baptist, preaching in the wilderness of Judea, and saying, Repent ye, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. That was what the good old book said. Now let them hear the American version:— 'In those days comes John the Immerser, preaching in the wilderness of Judea, and saying, Rerjent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.' (Laughter.) Then, again, the old book said, 'I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance; but He that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear: He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire.' This passage in the American New Testament read as follows:— 'I indeed immerse you in water unto repentance ; but He that comes after me is mightier than I, whose sandals I am not worthy to bear: He will immerse you in the Holy Spirit and fire.' (Applause.) It had been said in the newspaper that Methodism as it regarded its general features was stereotyped everywhere. Yes; thank God, it was, and with His help and blessing it would always remain so. (Loud cheers.) Whatsver was new in respect to the doctrines of theology was false. (Applause.) The rev. gentleman continued at considerable length to relate some of the prin cipal in.idents connected with his ministerial labours in the colony, the revivals that had taken place, and the many instances of conversion which he had witnessed. On his resuming his seat he was enthusiastically applauded. A hymn was then sung by the choir and con gregation. The Rev. J. G. Millar D expressed his thanks to the Rev. Mr. Watsford for his labours, and his hope that his future career would be even more pre-eminently useful than his past work in the ministry. He had known Mr. Watsford since the year 1839, and he had always considered his peculiar characteristics to be hie intense sympathy with the work of God. He believed he had been pre emmemiy useiui iu wwuiug suiuo iu ^imsi. (Cheers.) And .he further believed that his ministerial labours at Ballarat would be attended with Biinilar blessed results. (Applause.) The Rev. Henry Bath, as a young man, wished to refer to the Rev. Mr. Watsford, not with eulogy, but with veneration, and to the influence he had exerted upon himself, which had been of a vital and beneficial character. He had looked up to him rather as a Christian Bishop than as the Chairman of the District He had regarded him with thorough confidence in his integrity, and he had always found in him that Christian sympathy as well as that intelligent aid which was such a peculiar characteristic of their dear friend. He had valued his labours also in the country, and had many opportunities of witnessing the blessings which had attended his labours, AH he could desire or wish with regard to his successor was that he might fill that position with equal zeal, ability, and success. (Applause.) The Secretary (Mr. Colton) then read the fol lowing address :— 'To the Rev. JoIie Watsford, Chairman of the South Australian District of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Australasia. 'Reverend and dear Sir— Now that it has fallen to you. by the appointment of Conference, to leave this colony after a residence of six year?, during the whole of which time you have held the office of Chairman of tin's District, we, on behalf of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in this colony, desire to present to you a few parting words. In review ing the past we remember how, on your first arrival among us, the Great Master poured forth His Spirit, and many bouIs were brought to Himself in the place where we are now assembled, as well as throughout the Circuit and District: how you engaged the attention and arrested the sympathies of the young and the enquiring, and founded one of the most flourishing Young that has ever been raised up in this colony, and by | attractive and instructive lectures sustained the interest first awakened, whilst these lecture.', which have cost you so much time and labour to prepare, have been gratuitously and checrfujly given to aid the funds of any of our Societies throughout the colony; and up to this day you have in various ways brought into operati n the maxim so long acknowledged, that in the Meth,odjst Church thpre is'woi^,fpr every man, and every man for his work- a truth that never failed to ensure success. Nor can we ever forget how you sought to perfect and bring to a practical result the long-entertained desire of South Australian Metho dists for a College second to none in the colonies, for the purpose of imparting a sound education m connection with our own denominational views, till the first stase of the College buildings has been completed, and the date of opening the Coljegiate School fixed; moreover, with the same object of religious and social enlightenment, assisted by the cordial cooperation of our ministers and many of our leading members, you have succeeded in establishing a Book-room and a magazine, thus affording easier access to the Wesleyan literature of the fatherland, and a medium for the inter change of thought within our own border. 'But while conducting all these arduous under takings, and caring for the general welfare of thp Church of which you had the oversight, you tave neyer far a moment lo'bt sight of the special wort of the ministrylo save souU from deatn, bo that your own naturally robust health has more than once been endangered, and the Church has had to pray you to forget for a moment the urgency of the present that you might be spared for work in the future. As a small token of our esteem we now' beg your acceptance of a testimonial gift of £120 subscribed by friends residing in various parts of the district who in this way wish to show their appreciation of your valuable labours while amongst us. .?,,,„. ' We now, in the name of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, meet you probably for the last time in this house of God, where we have so often together realized HU presence, and unitedly join in fervent prayers to Him for His richest blessing upon, jouraelf, Mn. Wanted, and fcnulj, and :hat Walking in the light of God's countenance rou may continue to turn many to righteousness, md thus by a Divinely-appointed consequence 'shine asine stars fot ever and ever' in that Heaven to which for the sake of our Great Redeemer we all hope to attain and to be for ever irith the Lord. On behalf of this Wesleyan Methodist Church in this colony, ' We are. Rev. and dear Sir, ' Yours faithfully and affectionately.' [Here followed the names of the Committee.] Sir. J. Couox presented the testimonial re ferred to, which he said had been subscribed by a arge number of friends in the several circuitB, who iad given from Is. and upwards; and it was con ained in a purse worked by a lady of the congre gation, with the initials of the Rev. Mr. Watsford rrouscht upon it He believed that those friends )f other denominations who thought that Mr. Watsford had done them an injustice would not ;hink so if they knew the kind spirit in which lis remarks were made, and that they were intended 'or their benefit. (Applause.) It was of great ad rantage to have an outspoken friend, and ihounh iis words might sting sharply, they generally did i great deal of good. He had never known a minister, except perhaps the Kev. Mr. Draper, with whom he could so cordially co-operate as the Kev. Mr. Watsford. He was a man of one purpose— the best interests of the Church. His sympathies were with South Australia ever since his arrival, ind he was confident that he never would and never could forget them after he had gone away. [Cheers.) After some further remarks he read the following:— The Book Committee has directed the Secretary to obtain Dr. W. Smith's Dictionary of the Bible, in three volumes ; and the Classical Dictionary, compiled from the six larger volumes of Antiqui ties—all uniformly half-bound— and present the same to the Rev. John Watsford, in each volume of which the following legend is to be inscribed :— 'Presented to the Rev. John Watsford by the Committee of the Wesleyan Book Depot, Adelaide, as a token of their appreciation of liis valuable and disinterested services as Book Steward since the formation of the Book Depot-G. W. Cottox, Secretary. By order and on behalf of the Com The Rev. J. Watsyobd said he really did not know how to reply to the address. He heartily thanked the Committee and his friends for their great kindness. When he came to the colony it was with a determination to try to save souIp, and be believed he had been instrumental in doing so to a great extent He had stuck to his original intention, without going much out of the way. He had connected himself with the Young Men's Association, and he had made that also subservient to his principal design of saving souls, and the same was true in respect to his connection with the College. With regard to the Book Depot he had interested himself in it because he felt anxious that their young people should have the use of a rarpfnllv.Reiecieil numher of boobs. Thev were peciauy lequirea m tneir saoDatn-scnoois. Ie was glad to say that the College was a a fair way 6f becoming a great uccess, and that the Book Depot was deci ledly successful. (Cheers.) He believed that !od was blessing their labours- that He was .bundantlr blessing the Methodist Churches ; and 'if God be for us, who can be against us?' Uheera.) He believed that if they not only ireached the Gospel, but depended upon the influ ences of the Holy Ghost; the work would be God's rork, and the result must be that souls would be aved. He heartily thanked them for the address, nd also for the purse. It was very acceptable, for ie was not a itch man, and he supposed he never ihould be till some rich uncle died and left lim a fortune. (Laughter.) And he fancied hat his wife would say that even then he rould not long remain wealthy. (Laughter.) n the kindness of his people he recognised the dndness of his Heavenly lather, blessed be His Holy Name. He was going to Ballarat where, he lared to say, he should soon become a Ballarat nan. He would there, as he had here, speak -lainly what he felt. He could not help it, for omehow or other there was not a bit of flattery in urn. (Cheers ) He tried to be honest to all, but ie could not cringe to any; and he had never nade any distinction between rich and poor. Loud applause.) If at aoy time, however, he was ed to say a wronu word, no one was more sorry for t fhan himself. It had often brought him on his meea, and filled his eyes :vith tears, until he knew hat God had forgiven him. He would remember lis dear friends till the latest period of his life. ie prayed that God would bless and save them for iver. (Loud applause.) Mr. James Scott moved a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Watsford for his lecture, which was leconded by Mr. J. D. Hill, and supported by Mr. Wu. Kino, iach of these gentlemen expressed lis high esteem for the Rev. Mr. Watsford, and ?heir appreciation of his ministerial labours in the :olony. Mr. J. Coltox stated, in reference to the ionation of books, that they could not be obtained in South Australia, but arrangements had been made for transmitting them to Mr. Watsford as ;arly as possible. The cost would be about £8 or £10. The Chairman stated that at the special sugges tion of the Rev. Mr. Watsford the first camp meeting in the colony was held about a twelve month igo, and he believed that its beneficial influence was felt throughout the length and breadth of the :olcpy. He had always felt it an honour and x privilege to labour with such a man. (Cheers.) The motion was carried with applause. The Rev. Mr. Watsford. in responding, said he bad delivered many lectures in South Australia, \ad that ha i afforded him opportunities of saying things which he could not have said from the pulpit. A good deal had been said about his lecture on ' Courtship and Marriage,'' but he had reasons for believing that it had done a great deal of good ; and he was glad to add also that it had realized more than j£5uO. (Cheers.) A vote of thanks to the Chairman was moved by Mr. Roach, seconded by Mr. RllODES, and carried. The Chairman stated that the £500 referred to by the Rev. Mr. Watsford as having been realized by the delivery of one of his lectures was not received by him, but by the various Societies on behalf of which he lectured. All hi3 lectures were delivered gratuitously, although their preparation was the result of much time and thought He thanked them for the vote of thanks they had conferred upon him. The proceedings, which lasted two hours and a half, were terminated with the doxology and the nnn&tnlip; luanpHirtinn 