THEATRE ROYAL. There was a good house at the Royal on Saturday night to see Mr. Montgomery as Richard III. He achieved a success, but opinion was not quite so unanimously or strqngly in approbation of his acting in this character as in that of Hamlet or Benedict. There-were a few objections to Mr. Montgomery's make-up as Richard, but the critics on this point remind one of the factory girls of whom Sam Slick sketched miniature portraits, The cute clockmaker found that he-had simply to exaggerate in order to win a reputation for fine art. A Grecian nose lie prolonged; he gave a nobler sweep to an aquiline; a castintheeyewas cruelly magnified; - a small mouth was reduced to a minute and meaningless orifice ; a large'one extended from ear to ear.- The fair connoiseurs were in extaciesi Isn't that the image of Betsy Jane ? Just her nose," said one ; while another was delighted with the eyes of one of her friends; and a third recognised " Charity Hope;" by her full lips and expansive mouth. So it is with the grea majority of those who discourse upon the form and features of the monster Richard. Make the hump on his back as large as possible; crook hisleg? well; let his. grin. be - grotesque, his scowl like, nothing -ever , Imagined; and his snarl -of -forty hyena -power, -and you will hear from various quarters "professed Shakespearian's exclaiming ""What a magnificent Richard!" ; To persons with such a" conception of the guilty monarch,.. Mr. Montgomery's impersonation did hot give un qualified satisfaction; but! we : think the de formity of -Richard may be overdone; . Mis shaped as he irpea~d, sinister and truculent as was his express! >n, an actor in, endeavoring to represer i nim should take care to preserve in the figure and' features home slight resemblance to • humanity. Mr. - Montgomery we "consider stopped just short of-the improbable. - "We have no warrant for supposing .that Richard was more hideous in form than as he was ex hibited •"•on Saturday night, and if any one wishes to see a more diabolical expression; of countenance than Mr. Montgomery assumed, all we can say is we don't envy.their taste; The first point,'however, debated when a star is before the public, is whether he rants, and the opinions on this subject are varied if not always instructive. There must be a great diversity of opinion as to what rant is. Those who have no conception of it consider it advisable to.throw out an offhand assertion now and then that an actor .rants, just in order to keep-up an idea-of their own critical'taste.' Others do abhor rant, but the dislike of vehemence and passion is a mania, and is extended: to bursts of impassioned invective, to trumpet tones, the voice of thunder, piercing screams and floods ' of tears, even when they' ard' esper cially required by the occasion,, the scenes! 'and the" circumstances that are being represented.1 An actor cannot please these varioas classes of critics ; he can only follow his own ' conception, and endeavor to'form the; public taste. There was an ab3"urd impression on Saturday night Mr. Montgomery threw in a few touches of violence to - please the gods, but we.cannot harf bor such a suspicion of so true an artist, The ferocity of Richard was at'times, however, a, little too loudto pur mind; A long triumph; ing over a fresh success of villainy would not roar his satisfaction in a. street of London,- or in the room of a palace, as though he were addressing a vast assembly; still less would be so impose upon his lungs in a soliloquy, unless ,xn the heart of a mallee scrub, where there would be up one to disturb him,-but the delighted and mocking daceln gigantea. Mr; Montgomery's,impassioned appeals to the army on the eve of -battle were natural; and suited to. the -man and the occasion, though,we- ,ob: ject to that crouching exit -from the stage—the attitude is too aboriginal. In one or two particulars Mr. Montgomery's imj personation of Richard III; was not so perfect as his rendering of other characters, but on th£ whole it was a treat. The delivery we need not say was faultless, and only once- or twic6 when we remembered the place required moderated tones, was the voice too much raised. There could not have been a truer picture of the hardened monster, destitute of an atom of pity, love, generosity, or gratitude; of a single good quality that he did not share with the serpent and the wolf. His hypocrisy; craft, caution, and foresight were all brought out in the clearest light, and with all that could make the wretch detestable it was imi possible to restrain admiration of his intellect^ courage, and power of commanding men. The meeting with the Lord Mayor and deputation of citizens was a splendid piece of acting, and nothing could be more skilfully rendered than the King's wooing of Queen Anne. Mr. Rogers acted King Henry VI. very well, though'the part does not come within his peculiar range of \- character. In Henry's last - earthly scene Mr. Rogers avoided the error into which some actorp fall, of making the poor king address his assassin in mild and measured tones, though pouring upon him the most awful reproaches. The young Princes were represented by Miss Forde as the Prince of Vales, and .Miss. Marsh as the Duke of York." Mr. Lawrence does no't make ah • improbable Richmond He appears martial and manly, the great drawback bein£ that his voice is more indistinct in this than in most other characters. The final scene with Richard was very well acted, the sword play, being at once scientific and spirited. The text was too much clipped, and we especially noticed that the exhilirating sentence, "The day is ours—the bloody dog is dead," was omitted. Mdlle. St. Denis took the part of Lady Anne fairly, and her delivery was animated and ap ■ propriate. > Mrs. Holloway appeared as the Queen, mother of Edward TV. and Gloster, and succeeded very well in tho purely spectacular part of the performance. Her parting with the young prince was not a bril liant. piece of acting, however.,- The tears seemped to be pumped up—the exclamations and attitude of grief somewhat forced. Miss Melville, as the Duchess of York, was subdue;d in manner, and failed to give' the idea of a woman bowed down by such an avalanche of sorrows. The rest of the cast was filled up by actors with slightly varying degrees of merit, but take them altogether they were a ,great affliction. The piece was not very well placed on the stage. A battle on a stage .cannot lie very satisfactory, but .on this occasion it might have been a little more spectacular and impres sive. The ghost scene was not a hit by any means. The voices were too indistinct, and the figures also, whereas they_ should have been to the audience as clear and intelligible as the play represents them as being to Richard. "John Wopps, the Policeman" followed. To night Mr, Montgomery will appear as Macbeth! A " gentleman's furnishing firm" in Brooklyn announce themselves as " hosiers, glovers, and shirfcers." This outdoes "John Smith, hatter and capper," and paves the way for "Hans Sachs, shoer and hooter."—New York Evening Post. A movement'has been set on foot to. erect an asylum for useless young men. The only trouble which the '' committee" fear will he insurmount able is that of getting the building large enough. A schoolboy going into the village without leave, his master called after him, ""Where are you going, sir?"—" I am going to buy a lia'porth of nails."—"What do you want a ha'porth of nails for?"—"For a halfpenny replied the urchin. 