TO HON. JOHN ROBERTSON M.L.A. {Per favor of the Freeman's Journal.) Sir, — It is usual at home that a private citi zen should sometimes address a public man. This will often occur when a section of the com munity suffers injustice, and Parliament remains dumb, deaf, and blind. In such a juncture the honest citiaen shields himself under the segi3 of a free press, and appeals to the people for jus bice. This appeal never falls through. We all admit the historic reality of the axiom 'vox populi, vox Dei' and though the masses may err for a moment they generally ' return to reason. It was s^ after the paroxysms of revo lution in France— -it was so after the knew noth ing rows of America - it was so too after the ho Popery riots of London in 1851. I hope and pray that it may be so with the people of New South Wale.B. We are just recovered from the Prince Alfred panic, Now say what we will/ panic it was, and the country had fairly gone mad. It whs not enough to denounce the assas sin and swear fealty to the free institutions of the land ; but it was also the unpardonable folly of many public men, to connect this crime with Irish nationality, and to link it even to the Roman Catholic' 'faith. These men 1 now call to the bar of public justice, and in so doing 1 rely upon that- generous honesty which in their calmer momenta belongs to the sovereign people. No Arneneau, but scouts the principles of no Know-notiiingistn, no honest Englishmen, but has learned to revere the learning of the late Cardinal Wiseman.' No modern Frenchman, but mourns over the crimes of Sausculottisra. The time may yet come when our fellow-colonists will wonder how . they peacefully witnessed and endorsed sertain public proceedings. Scarcely had the outrage occurred when it fled abroad upon the winds of Heaven that O'Farrell tiie assassin was a Fenian, and that a gigantic con spiracy existed among the Irish to murder the Prince. Tins foolish idea would have probably died out, had it not received the high sanction of the lion. Henry Pnrkes. This official lost no time in squandering tb.u people's iuoney, and at once a (jruvornraent placard was posted over Sydney offering the heavy sum of £1000 for tho apprehension of accomplices. Every schoolboy remembers the passage, in Vrigil, Sacra auri fames quid nnn. mortalia pectora cogis, and cer tainly it is rturpriaing that no accomplices were ferretttd out by so large a reward,. and still more amazing that1 mine w«re manufactured. It speaks well for tin! integrity' of our fellow-colonists, while it form?, clear evidence of the malicious stupidity 'of the official Henry Parkes. The hon. Jame6 Martin next committed himself in the face of Parliament,' and certainly we cannot expect ecru files frou a man commonly reputed a renegade iu n-ligion and in politics. .The Pre mier asked fb.e House to pass the Treason Felony Act, on the assumption that Government poaseased ol^itr evidence of a seditious organ ization in New South Wales. Mr. ? Martin Uso sta.i-.-:. that meetings were furtively held in putiiie houses, and that treasonable docu oients could -jasily be biezed if Parliament only enabled tlhui to do so, by passing the Bill. Now the algorititt measure passed, and uo arrest ; :^Metytit&%jti$ docameJife j no Fenians hare ever seen^f^rignt'^f 'day; But hold ! There ia a slight^: miBtak*^^ named Johnsotf, declared hiiriBolf: a ;Feri a^ and apropos !.6i~thre6 Irishmen, 'blabbering.-. Fenian-. ism when drunk^ themiigistratea^either through ahami,' ' or ' m6re ?'praBaMy- thrbnghu 'the i private instructions allowed; rbheiv cases to Collapse.. How - then ? Yoa the ''Legislators- ©f .the land have! permitted the Irish people, ?,: who are Australian citizens, to be branded as rebels, and scarcely a Voice has gone forth as a protest. Next.upon thesdenecamethe Hon. Mr* Arnold, Speaker of your Hon. House, and this salaried official had the impudonce to call upon all Catho-. lie, -Irishmem' to raipologize; for thie crime, of O'Farrell. Let it be known to Arnold, that his eountrymen ought do penance in sackcloth and ashesifor the murders, infanticides, suicides, and beaatily impurities; of '?'? 'vo.j happy Unglish Home.' He rfccived I hope the manly reproach of Mr,: Butler, with, becoming; humility, but if all fails to teach'him one can only regret the; illegality of using the, horaewhip., Evan the Bishop of Sydney ; Btated. like Mr. Martin that certain parties: in eminence 'did not sufficiently repudiate the crime, i Who was meant? The cowardly accusers never'1 ' particularised.' - But the? worst .feature comes next.; ? Afraid to rear their -fiendish head in times of peace, /the Orange*: men took advantage of theipanitfi and began organizing' lodges, and an offiical address waa sent to the Governor of the. colony and duly, acknowledged. Does Earl Belmore know that he is 'the Public servant; not of a section,' but' of the whole people ? Lst him know at all events: that in this he has grievously insulted the Irish' Catholics of New South Wales. ? ? There must be ho mincing matters here. If Fenianism be foreign and injurious to this coun» try Orangeism is doubly so. What in all reason has William III. or the battle of the Boyne to do with the history of Australia. It may be prudently f- ared that if the curse of Orangeism be not stamped out, more serious re sults than letter writing will follow. .1 pass over the insults offered the religion of Irishmen in the persons of two Catholic prelates and I also omit the insidious insult offered to the sacred confessional fin the person of Father John Dwyer. . These are the latter day lines of ParkeB. I ask youj Sir, how long are Irishmen to be thus maltreated ? How long is the constitution to be haunted by the shadowy ghost of sedition? How long is the bad blood to ebb and flow within our veins ? Remember there is moral re-action as well as action. -Remember the crimes of his tory, the Sicilian vespers, Bartholomew day; the fires of Smithfield and the blo-dy conflicts of the penal times. Remember too that history may repeat itself. So let us consolidate our new born liberties not with the blood of factions but with the sacred genius of freedom, toleration, manhood and social and religious equality. — I remain, 'Hon. Sir, your obedient servant, J. O. G. 