TURF GOSSIP. At the present time Sydney is almost deserted by what is usually termed the sporting element. Several of the more prominent bookmakers, together with some of the owners of racehorses, have already gone to Melbourne preparatory to the Spring race meeting there, and a number of other ^persons, who can spare the time, -will speedily follow. ?Those who have not gone to, nor contemplated visiting Melbourne just now, have turned their attention to New castle, and the two days' racing set down for Thursday and Friday of this week, and hence the city of black diamonds fins had a mnmrtnra hlo infln* nf viai'tars frnm Mm metropolis. We should imagine, from a casual perusal of the programme, that there ought to be some good sport at this little meeting, but it would he waste of time specula ting upon the results, as they will be known by the time that this meets the eyes of our readers. . Turning to the Melbourne Cup— the race which invites moBt speculation of any in the year— the list of horses whose owners paid up the linal £10 on Tuesday last, was deceived here on Tuesday evening, bat there was very little to grumble at in the result Nearly all the horses that were considered to he 'alive,' or to have the ghost of a chance, paid up. The only horses whose failure to pay up invited discussion were North Australian and Fireworks. The former held the poeition of first favourite for a long time; and waa consequently backed to win an immense iamount of money. Everybody knows that a fortnight or so since he sustained an accident, which had the effect of knocking him out of the market, but a slight revival took place, and it was not many days before the final deposit was to be paid that his owner scat a commission to put some more money on him: and hence it is generally be lieved that he must within the lost week have gone hope lessly lame. Fireworks, in the same way, was under a cloud, but he ' suffered a reooverv,' and everybody thought that, barring accidents, he would have a shy for the Cup. The Fates, however, decreed otherwise, and we presume lie IB to be reserved for the Fort Phillip Stakes. The number .left in the Cup is hardly so large as was anticipated, but as there is no further instalment to pay up, nearly all those who arc now in it may be expected at the post— indeed, there is nothing now to farther limit the number at the post but accidents in training ; and as thirty-three have _ itaidjun. wr. exnec.tJbprc will lw. aIhiuL - the flap. 'With regard to the betting, The Barb is decidedly first favourite, his price being 100 to 10. Little Fisb and Syd pey Tim Wbifller may be quoted at 1O0 to 14, as both fiad eupporters at that figure. Glcacoe is at 100 to 12, and Ragpicker and Gulnare at 100 to 8 each. Stumpy ib at 100 to 6, Victorian Tim, the FJy, Nimblefoot, Barwon, and Mary Ann being next in demand, at about 100 to 6 each. We clip from the Australasian the following in reference to the horses, and betting in Melbourne ' The screw is being put on at the training grounds amongst the Cup candidates, and any little fiaws ere sure to be found out soon. Galloping, sweating, end scraping are carried on with vigour, and every preparation is made to have the nags up to the mark on the day. The last con tingent of the Sydney division arrived on Tuesday morn ing, by the Alexandra— Mr. Leo's Gulnare ; at -least, 1 hear of no others which are likely to put in an appearance. - The steamer hod a fine passage to the Schiuik, when sho caught a snorter from the westward, but the little mare was landed without a scratch, seemingly none the worse for the trip, end took up her quarters at the Prince Albert Hotel, Remington. A pretty heavy commission has been executed about her lately, and the bookmakers would not budge from 600 to 30 on Monday night, and now that she has been safely landed her price will be shorter, but 1 have not heard of any transactions since her arrival. In fact, there has been little betting this week, although the ring have received an addition to their already too numerous ranks, iu ; the person of Mr. Melhado, of Sydney. Mary Anne was all (he rage on Monday night, owing, 1 suppose, to a good gnllep she had that morning, and one bookmaker bathed her to win £3000, at the long odds of 600 to 10, probably a commission for the stable. There were a good many members in and out during the evening, and bank notes were flying about in settlement over the Hunt Club Meeting. The Barb is now the decided favourite for the Cup since the retirement of Bylong, and 8 to 1 is freely taken about him. Outside prices we're offered against three-fourths of the horses entered, and 600 to 8 was taken about both Lady Manners Sutton and New Chum. Shenandoah was backed at 100 to 3, and several 100's to I were laid about w«roi«g first, scsoud, end third. 100 to 10 WOB wanted about Little Fish, but the bookmakers have got tired at the figure, and now offer 100 to 12. Last Saturday Glencoe came with a bit of a rush, and several thousands were put on him at 10 to 1. If is generally supposed that there will not be so many pay up for the Cup as was once imagined— I should s»y not more than three-and-thirty— end it is now quite possible the number of starters will not |be up to the average. The Mowing is the same paper's price current : — MELBOURNE CUP. 8 to 1 against The Barb 9 to 1 against Little Fisb 10 to 1 against Tim WhlfHer (S.) It to I against Bylong 16 to 1 against Ragpicker 17 to 1 against Gulnare 20 to 1 against Fcnclla 20 to 1 against N orth Australian 20 to 1 against Stumpy 26 to 1 against Tim Wbiffler (V.) £6 to 1 against Nimblefoot 26 to I ageinet Barwon 26 to 1 against Bmolensko 30 to 1 against Mary Anne SO to 1 against Seagull 31 to 1 against The Fly SS to 1 against Sylvia S3 to 1 against Shenandoah 83 to 1 against Begalia S3 to 1 against Tasman 38 to 1 against B. A. S3 to 1 against Lady Manners Sutton S3 to 1 against The Swell From 40 to 100 to 1 against others. We learn from a Shoalharen paper that tho Skoalliavcn Turf Club have determined tijc l uuving a throe days' raco meeting in February next, having fixed upon the 17th, 18th, and 19th of that month. Among tho prizes will bo one of £40 for maidens, with a sweep of £2 each to go to She second horse ; distance, one milo and a half. 