THE TURF. HOMEBUSH RACES. The Homebush Spring Race Meeting commenced on Saturday last, with very fine weather, a moderate attend ance of tbe public, and most excellent sport. A very large attendance was not expected in consequence of Monday being set apart as a general holiday, and the necessity which most people would feel for attending to their businoss on Satur day in order to avail themselves of Monday's holiday. Doubts exist in the minds of eome people as to whether the Homebash raoe meetings do not detract from the success of tho Metropolitan meetings at viving the Homtbush races, the sport witnessed there on Saturday was second to none we have seen in the colony. The fields, notwithstanding, were small — far too small to excite any general interestln their results. Three came to the post for the Squatters' Stakes, and there was a good contest between Flirt and Bungabee for the prize. Five started for the Derby ; and nothing could have been finer then the finish between the Earl, Regalia, and Kaizer. From the distance-post the three were all together, the Earl having (he inBide running, Kaizer in the middle, and Regalia on the outside. Ashworth, to say the least of it, gave the rails a wide berth ; in fact, he took his horse eo far out on the course that the rider of Kaizer entered & protest for running him out ; and, in the opinion of many people, the grey colt would have won it but for being shut in between the two. Be this as it may, the finish between the three was worth going double the aistanoe to witness. Ashworth lost a stirrup-iron at the back of the course, and, but for this, he feds cosfident he would have won the race easily. The Earl and Regalia finished with a dead heat, and a good deal of speculation was excited ss to what would be tbe result of tne run-on. Asbwortn, having been laid np by a kick that he got from the Earl some weeks ago, and being weakened by wasting to ride the colt in the Derby, found the riding of four races too much for him, and he was compelled to resign the mount in the run-off to Holmes. The colt was the favourite at 6 to 4. The race was a very pretty ono, and the Earl won it cleverly, with very little to spare. We may remark here that evidence in reference to the allegation that Asliworm ran Kaizer out was taken by the stewards, who, not finding sufficient proof, dismissed uie protest The Cup produced an excellent contest, although the result was very different to what was expected. Warwick, notwithstanding the weight he had to cany, was a great favourite, and the followers of tho 'yellow and black' freely laid odds on the old ches&ut.; Humbledon Hill also had a numerous band of supporters, who were very confident about him ; end calmly reviewing the running of the race, there is very little doubt that he would, barring the acci dent, have won in a canter. He was in fine form, and was runningTery strong when, in trying to pass his horseB on the inside, he leaped or tumbled over the fence and threw his rider (Ramsey) with great violence to the ground. Fears were entertained tbat the bov was killed, as he lay quite still on the ground. A numW of persons ran to his as sistance, found him in an unconscious state, and carried him up to the stand. Dr. Fyfe, Dr. Pringle, and Dr. Carroll were in attendance upon him, and they were at first of opinion that the injury was not of a serious cha racter, as ' he portiallly recovered consciousness, but shortly afterwards symptoms of compression appeared, and fears were entertained of his life. By instructions of the medical men, Ramsey was removed to Mr. C. H. Roberts's, and np to 6 o'clock he was still uaconscious. We are glad to state that he gradually recovered, and on Sunday he was enabled to get up and move about the house. Tbe horse was also injured, but not to any great extent. Ilof raring again to the race, it will be seen by the description below that it was won by Silvertaii, Warwick having tired through carrying such a heavy weight up the hill. No one was more surprised than Mr. Uhde himself at Ihe result, as he did not think his mare good enough to win it. The performance was certainly nothing to boast of, seeing that she only had GreyMomus to race with after the weight had settled Warwick's chance, and the grey has Sjt to prove his claim to be considered a racehorse. The boy rown rode Grey Mom us patiently and well, and he de eel ved to win. Three come to the post for the Steeplechase, and whatever may be said of the policy of encouraging such races, tie contest in that case was a real good one. Barwong and Comet raced together, at a good pace, twice round, end it was not till thelast fence haa been negotiated that Comet could get away from his opponent. The Colonel's horse requires a determined rider, and Lieuten ant Churchill, who has piloted him upon previous occa sions, rode him with determination and skill. Lieutenant Churchill was loudly cheered as he returned to scale, and three cheers were also given ' for the Colonel.' The amBgements of the stewards were good, and pro perly carried out. Mr. Lackey as judge, Mr. Dawson as starter, and Mr. Martyn as clerk of the course, left nothing to be desired. Mr. Perry provided luncheon and refresh ments for the publio under tbo Grand Stand, and there was a marked improvement upon the arrangements of the previous meeting. Tho provisions were abundant in quantity and unexceptionable in quality, whilo the attend danco was as good as could be cxpecled. The sic wants took luncheon together in their own room. Wo append a more detailed account of the racing. First Kace. — The Sauatters' Stakes of 3 sovereigns caoh. with 40 sovereigns added ; for horses that never won over 30 sovereigns at the time of entrance. Once round and a distance. Mr. B. Bouse, junior's pr I Flirt, 4 years, 8 st 7 lbs, carried 8 st 11 lbs (Ashworth) ? ... ... ... 1 W, Winch's b g Bungabee^ 5 years, 9st!i lb* (Bishop) ... 2 W. H. Barker's brg Chuupldns, aged, 9st Slbi (Gal ligher) ... ... .. ?-. ... ... 8 Betting : 6 to 4 on Flirt, even money on Bungabee, 3 to 1 ugainBt Chumpkins. The flog fell to a very good start, and Bungabee at onoe went to the front, followed by Flirt; in this order they raced past the stand and down the hill. In osoending the hill on the other side of the hollow, Flirt fell off a little, but at the back of the course ehe went up to Bungabee's tail, and in this order they came on into the straight run ning, where the mare passed tho gelding, and, under tbe whip, defeated him by a length. Chuiupkins, who was last all ,the way round, pulled np at the distanco post. Time, 2 minutes 62 seconds. Second Race.— The Hometyusli Derby of 10 sovereigns ench, with 100 sovereigns added ; for 3-vcar-old oolts, 8sL 10 lbs. ; fillies, 8st. 61bs. 1$ mile. Mr, J. Tail's ch c The Earl (Arbwortb) ... ... ..,-1 C. B&ldvin;'s ch flfogalla (Brown) ... ... ' ... *2 E. Cobcrofi's irre Kaizer (Bamsey) ... ... ... 8 E LttV ch f B&rbelle; J. Maltbcwl ns br c Camel. ? Dead heat. Betting : 6 to 4 on the Earl, 2 to 1 against Kaizer, 3 to 1 upninst Regalia. 6 to 1 each against Barbelle and Camel. Another good start was tttected. Regalia was ihe first to show in front, and close to her wben tbe stand w.i« . piiFFed were the Earl and Kaiser ; Camel was fourth, and BhiIicIIc last. AVhen they commenced to descend the hiil, the Enrl had obtained the lead, Regalia being close upon | bim, and Kaiser three or four lengths behind. The favourite, having obtained tlie lead, maintained it up tbe bill, in ascending which Cnuiel, who had been gradually I improving his position, passed Kaiser and Uegab'a, and Ihus ran into second place. Along the back of the course j the Ear', held a good lead, followed by Camel, Regiilia, and Kaiser. Haifa mile from home Camel made bis effort, and ran up to the Earl, and almost at the gam? time Realist closed VP, while Kaicgr considerably improved his position. Just before entering the straight running. Camel retired, leaving the Earl to go on in front, with Regalia in close attendance. At Ihe distance post Kaiser caught the pair, and tbc three came home locked together, the Earl, who hud the inside running, having the best of the trio by about a head. Regalia, on the outside, answered gamely te the whip, and just caught Mr. Tait's colt on the post, and thus finihbed with a dead heat, while Kaiser, shut in between the pair, was only defeated by a head. The other pair were several lengths in the rear. Time. 2 minutes 66 seconds. T he dead heat was not run off until after the steeple chafe. Ashworth, who had been reducing himself iu i weight, was too much exhausted to ride again, and Holmes, therefore, took his place on the Earl. The betting was 6 to 4 on the colt. Upon the fall of the flag the Earl was taken to the front, and came up tte course with a lead of a length. In going down the hill Regalia, however, headed him, but almost immediately aficrwards she had to resign her pride of place to the colt, who led all along the back of the course. In coming down tbc hill the mare ran up, and for a few stiides headed the Earl, but in the straight running she had to succumb to his superior speed, and he secured the prize for his fortunate owner by about a length. Time, 2 minutes 6G$ seconds. Third Raoe.— The Spring Cup of 100 sovereigns in specie, added to a handicap sweepstakeB of 10 sovereigns. Two miles. Mr. Ubde'E br f Silvertaii, 4 years, in 7 Ibi penalty, 7st 11 lbs (Bishop) ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 T. Ivory's gr g Grey Momns, 6 years, 6 st 1 lb (J. Brown) S Tail's ch g Warwick, aged, 0 st & lbs {Ash worth) ... 3 M. Gibbon's b b Hambledon J31U, 5 years, in 7 lbs penalty, 7 st 11 lbs Se Cloucu's bl g Tbc Moor, 5 years, 7 st. Betting: 5 Io 4 on Warwick, 2 to 1 againBt Hambledon Hill, 6 to 2 against the Moor, 7 to 1 against Grey Momus, Silvertaii scarcely mentioned. Mr. DaWEon got the horses well together before he let tbem go, and Grey Momus at once went to the front, followed by the favourite. Then Ashworth pulled his horse (iff a little, and the Moor went up and passed the grey, Hambledon Hill snd Silvertaii waiting in the rear. The Moor maintained his lead up the straight running and pact the Stand, followed at a distance of a couple of lengths by the grey horse, to whom succeeded Hambledon Hill and Warwick, with Silvertaii bringing up the rear. N o change took place until they commenced the descent, wben the Hill made a rush to get to the front, and iu endeavouring to pass on the inside the horse ran against the fence ana leaped or tumbled over. He unseated his; rider, who fell heavily on his head. In ascending the hill the Moor feund the pace too good for him, and gave way to the grey, who continued his lead all along the back of tne course, the re mainder being together about three lengths in the rear. At the half-mile post the Moor fell back beaten, and Warwick and Silvertaii commenced to diminish the gap between them and Grey Momus. For a few strides the favourite appeared to lie running Btrong, but the weight began to tell, and he could not foot it home with the lighter weighted horses. Silvertaii gradually crept up, and under the whip all the way up the straight running she just caught the grey horse at the stand, and defeated him by half a head on ihe post. Warwick was an indifferent third. Time, 2 minutes 42 seconds. Fourth Race.— Cumberland Steeplechase Handicap, ef 40 sovereigns, added to sweepstakes of 3 sovereigns each, for all horses. Second horse to save his stake. Twice round (nearly three miles), over nine leaps. Colonel Waddy's b g Comet, aged, 12 st, (Lieutenant Chureh bill) ? ... ... 1 Mr, T. Dawson's br.gBarwang, aged, 11 st 2 lbs, (H. Marti setr) ... ... ... ... ... ... S west's cn g jEUDin noon, e years, iv st 3 ids. Betting, even on the field, Comet for choice, 3 to 1 against Robin Hood. The three got away together, and all cleared the first fence, opposite the stand, easily, Barwang first, Robin Hood next, and Comet last Tne three horses kept well together till tbey reached the second fence at the rise of ; the hill, where Robin Hood fell and Barwang swerved to get out of his way. This lost Mr. Dawson's horse some ground, but no sooner was he over the fence than he chased and speedily caught Comet The pair went on together, took the fences together, and neither i seemed to have any advantage until they reached the fins] leap, which Comet took first Barwang struck the fence, snd his rider, finding his chance gone, pulled him up, and thus allowed Comet to canter up to the winning post. The race throughout was a very pretty one. After old Mr. Gorrick, the rider of Robin Hood, , foil )i0 himfilinin) OtlA nnufi/inf«l (ho mpa Knf in fatina- one of the fences he slipped his foot out of the stirrup iron, and shortly afterwards pulled up. Time, 6 minutes 36 seconds. Fifth Race. — The Hurrv Scurry of 1 sovereign each, with 20 added. Winner to be sold dv auction immediately after the race for £15, 9 st each. | mile. Mr. Johnston's ch m Mistake (EUlllngworth) ... ... 1 Kelly's b g Gardiner (Kelly) ... ... ... ... 2 Richard*' bl g Dr. Zimmennas (Brown) ... ... 3 The following horsesaUo ran Ella, Hard Times, Pan taloon, Titlin, and Gay Lass. Belting : 2 to 1 against Hard Times, 3 to X against Mistake, 4 to 1 against Pantaloon, 5 to 1 agdtnst Oar diner* The lot jumped off all together, and did not separate myph for the first two hundred yards. The best of them— Mistake, Gardiner, and the black horse — then went to the front, and Mistake, having more foot than the others, won the race by about two lengths. Time, 64 seconds. The winner was put up auction, and sold to Mr. Thompson for £21. This being the last race on the card, the people began to make a move homewards, and in half-on-hoor or so the course was deserted. Second Day, Tbe HomebUBh Spring Meeting was brought to ft close on Monday, with a fair attendance of tho public, and an excellent day's sport. Tbe number of people on the course was considerably greater than it was on Saturday, and the racing was almost as good. For the Corinthian Cap the field was redncod to two, Flirt and Comet, the. former being the winner. The Maiden Plate was regarded as a nice little certainty for the Earl, but Kaizer upon this ; occasion proved too much for him, and the representative of the -( yellow and black*' hud to be content with seoond place. Kaiser, l»y the wajr was ridden by Ramsey, who has recovered marvellously quick fiom tbe severe fall which he ! bad on Saturday. The boy was loudly cheered as he j returned to scale. For the Free Handicap Italian had I been the reigning favourite at even money, until he was | displaced yesterday by Karoola, about 'whom people j took 5 to 4 freely. Grey Momus, and | even the Moor, found supporters, but Young ' Mormon was almost friendless, and even his i owner thought he had not ' the ghost ef a chance but 1 ' you never can tell till the numbers arc up/1 and in thta instance the despised outsider upset the certainty. Karoola was indifferently ridden, or he must have won it ; and for ' tbat matter Young Mormon might have been ridden better, ! for the boy began to use his whip fer too early in the raoe* Grey Momus ran up very well at the finish, but Italian was nowhere, tbe weight! the heavy ground, the hill, and the pace at which the light-weight division travelled, being somewhat beyond his capabilities. Young Mormon, we may remarfc, was ridden by Finn, the boy who had charge 1 of one of the horses, and who was injured at the late rau way accident at the Sydney station. The Earl was scratched for tho Birthday Stakes, which left a field of three; and the winner was found in Sailor Boy, who had not much difficulty in disposing of the pretensions of Camel and Blabber. The Helter Skelter produced a dead heat between Gardiner and African, which was run off, the former prov ing me vitior. a. cub uio meeting, wtucu in a racing point of view was one of the most successful that ever took place at Homebush, was brought to a close. First Race.— The Corinthian Cup of 40 sovereigns in specie, added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovereigns each, for all horses. 'W inner of a prize value over £50, 51b. extra: of £100, 7 lbs. efctra ; of £200, 14 lbs. extra. Non- * professional riders ; 1£ mile. Mr B. Bouse, junior^ gr f Flirt, 4 years, lOst 5 lbs (Mr, Terry) ... ... ? ... ... 1 Colonel waddy's br g Comet, aged, list 71bs (Lieutenant Churchill 1 ... ? ? 2 Betting: 2 to I on Flirt. The pair got off together and ran sid&by; side up thestraight running ana to the turn down the hill, where tne mare went to the front ; the increased her lead up tbe hill and along running, where Comet's rider pulled out his whip, and it was then seen that the mare had the race in hand. Comet continued tbe struggle to the post, where he was about a length behind the mare, who won hard held. Sccond Race. — The Homebush Maiden Plate of 76 sovereigns, added to a sweepstakes of 5 sovereigns each, for all maiden horses, under tho A. J. C. conditions; mile. Mr. £? Cobcroft'e gr c Eaicer, 8 years, 7 st 13 lbs, 2 lbs over weight (Ramsay) ... ... ... ... ... 1 Tail's ch c The Earl, 8 years. 7 st 9 lbs (Colter) ... ... 2 TV. Winch's b g Bungabee, 6 years, 9 st 7 lbs (Bishop) ... 8 Betting : 6 to 4 on the Earl, even meney against Kaiser, 6 to 1 against Bungabee. The three appeared to get away upon equal terms with cach other, ana immediately after the start The Earl was taken to the front. He led up past the stand followed dotely by Kaizer, Bungabee being a couple of lengths behind tbe grey colt. Mr. Tail's colt oontinued his lead down tbe bill, but on ascending the other side Kaizer doped up and a? the back of tbe course went to tho front rind ltd by tvo lengths. After passing the lialf-milc post Tbe Earl made Jjis effort and closed upon Kaizer but could not wtt* bin*. At tbc distance post the boy upon The l.rirl pulled out his whip and plied it vigorously, but to eo i»ur|K-se, 88 the prey colt came away and won easily by » ]-npib untouched by whip or spur. Bungabee a bad third. 3 ime, 2 minute? 65 seconds. Third Race.— The Free Handicap of 5 sovereigns each ivr amplort, with GO sovereigns added. Once round. Mr. D U.JoacVstorg Yourg Mormon, 6 year#., est IS lbs (Finn) ? 1 XV. %Vii-ch's ch g Karoola, 6 years, C «t 12 lbs (Sher riTipliEBi) ... ... ... ... . g T. Ivory's gr fr Grey Momus, 6ypars.6stGlba(J, Brown) 8 Tⅈ'c bl e The Italian, 4 years, 9 p t fi lbs. lit Cloum'p bl g The Moor, & years. 7 st 4 lbs. J. 8- atb, Jurt's, br g Bracelet* aged. 7 ft. C Torkf'e ch it Cupid, aped, 6 st 6 lbs, Betting : 5 to 4 n/rainst Karoola, 6 to 4 agairtst Italian, ?r)U) 1 fifrflinrt Gn v Momus, C to 1 cach against Young Momon otid the Moor. 7 lie start for thin raoe was not quite so good aa some of lb- preceding racf®, and the favourite got rather the wor&t; \- f ii, h »vjng the outside running. Most of the horses were i'll together as they pA6scd the stand, and then Young Ni'tU-'OD began to take a promiucnt position; i.! ibe iuiH down the hill be haa the lead, and next to hin- u n*- Knroolo, the otbera being well together in the rear. At- tbey ascended the bill the leading pair, Young Mcmon Uicg ulcnpth iaadvanceof Karoola, increased thegapbe tvKYnt]j-siflDdtbe ruck audit seemed that tbey wcregoingto hn ve tbcraretothetJiselvcs, but at tbe back of tbccourse Grey Moiiiup, who bad been running side by side with the Italian and tbc Moor, went forward and decreased the distance between bim and Karoola. Then Bracelet made his effort tind collared and passed the Grey, but could not reach the fHVi.uritc. At tbe half- mile post, Young Mormon's jockey Legan to ply his whip, and as the boy upon Karoola t etill it appeared that he had ' tbe race in band ; but all up the straight running the pair raced nerk and neck, Young Mormon's jockey still flogging, vbile Karoola's rode as though he could win the race at J fn-y moment. In this he was mistaken, and making his | cfloit too late, Young Mormon defeated him on the post by | i ii bead. Grey Momus waa third, several lengths away, v bile Italian was completely beaten off. Time, 2 minutes j 29 Feconds. I Fourth Race.— The Birthday Stakes of 10 sovereigns I racb, with 60 sovereigns added, for three-year olds, to bo I bnndirftpped. Winner of the Homebush Derby to carry o lbs. extra. Second, 2 lbs. extra. l£ mile. | Mr. Cobcroft's b c Bailor Boy, 7 st 12 lbs (Ramsey) ... ... 1 J. Matthew's br c Camel, 7 st 1 lb, (Green) ... ?„ 2 Ryan's cb c Blabber, 7 st 1 lb,'(J. Brown) ... ... 8 Betting : Even on Camel, 2 to 1 against Sailor Boy, 6 to 2 against Blabber. The three got away together, and &e; raced for a couple of hundred yards, when Sailor Boy showed in front, attended by Camel, with Blabber in the rear. This order was main* lained up past the stand, down the hill, and to tbe back of tbc course, where Camel, pulling double, went up to Sailor Boy. At the half-mile post Blabber made his effort, and frc-m this point the race was a very pretty one, Sailor Boy and Camel contending for first place, ana Blabber a short distance in tbe rear. Eventually Sailor Boy proved him self the better horse, and came up the course \rith strong lead, which be held to the post Blabber fell off, and nn ffomvi 4- Timn O minMfAn xnAAmla Fifth Race. — The Helter Skelter of 1 sovereign each, with '10 sovereigns added, 10 st. each. Winner to be sold by auction immediately after the raoe fur 20 sovereigns. { mile. Mr. P. Kelly's b g Gardiner (Kelly) ... ... ,,, -rl T. 'West's bin African (Martlnecr) ... ... ...42 Freeman's fc g Hard Times (Gallagher).,. ... ... S IK oodcock's gr m Dolly. t Beat heat. Betting: even on African, 3 to 2 against Gardiner, 2 to 1 against Hard Times, 10 to 1 against Dollv. All four jumped off together. The black horse was the first to show in front, and next to bim was Gardiner, the other two being outpaced from the start. African held a slight lead down the hill, but when they entered thestraight running Gardiner was up to him, and a neck-and-neck race all up the course resulted in a dead heat. Hard Times was a bad third, and Dolly pulled up. Time, 1 minute 22 seconds. The dead heat was run off twenty minntes afterwords, Gardiner being the favourite at 10 to 7. The black horse again jumped off in front, but close to his girths was Gar diner, and another fine race between the two took place up to 'he distance post, where the favourite went to the front and won a goed race by a length. Time, 1 minute 25 seconds. The winner was put up at auction, and bought in for £26. This waB the last event upon the card, and the people on the course at once made a move homewards. 