THE NORTHERN TERRITORY QUESTION. (7cwt the South Amtroiimt Heart; March 28.) The Parliament to which we are chiefly indebted for the Northern Territory muddle has ceased to exist. The de , ceased is said to have somewhat resented the neglect of the Government to ask its dying advice on Captain Cadell's report. The Act which has attained to so unpleasant a notoriety among the lawyers as No. 23 of 1863 was introduced on the 1st of October of that year by Captain Hart, as Treasurer of the Ayers Ministry. Had Captain Hart been in Mr. Reynolds's place, we would have now in office the very Cabinet in which the Adorn Bay expedition was hatched. This circumstance may be turned to good account by upholders of the non-responsibility doctrine. The rash prediction that this colony would never have to pay a penny for the Northern Territory will rise up like the ghost of Banquo before the Ministerial MacWh. Fortunately for the discredited seen, there was no " Hansard " in those days- no witches' cauldron of printing ink from which the shadows of the poet might arise in procession stretching out to the crack of doom "Black spirits and white, red spirits and grey, Mingle, mingle, mingle, You that mingle may." The witches who have set in motion the "double, double, toil and trouble," which is to swallow up Mr. Reynolds before his time will have some difficulty in finding one of the ingredients of their cauldron. After rummaging old likes to their hearts' content, they may be unable to bring home the false prediction as clearly as they might wish to the political Balaam. There was in 1863 a general understanding, both in Parliament and throughout the country, that our local revenue was not to be liable for the cost of settling the new territory. It was to meet that universal feeling the scheme of preliminary land sales was proposed and adopted. They supplied the Government with money for preliminary expenses, which otherwise would have had to come out of the local exchequer. The distinction between the general and this special revenue W88 further marked by the Government representing itself as the agent of the embryo colony, and charging a, commission on the proceeds of the land sales. One sanguine member of the Assembly would have had the Northern Territory Fund at once debited with the cost of Stuart's expedition. Few had any misgivings as to the land not being taken up, and fewer still doubted the practicability of giving the purchasers prompt possession. The first stage of the experiment seems to have been taken for granted, and the only subject of apprehension was how the settlement would succeed when left to itself. The word failure was seldom heard, and even the few alarmists who damped the general enthusiasm did not anticipate that we should be thus foiled on the very threshold; The dilemma in which we are now placed was inconceivable in 1863. No one dreamed of it, or would have ventured to tell his dream if he had. The question, what should be done with the purchasers of land in the event of the contract with them proving impracticable I was never once hinted at. In the Wakefield jargon of the day, Palmerston was to he the nucleus of a self-supporting colony." South Australia, nails father-in-law, endorsed a few accommodation bills to enable it to commence business, never doubting that they would be paid at maturity, and stipulating that no further assistance should be rendered. The non-responsibility doctrine was a purely domestic understanding, and could not bar the claims of" third parties. Now that the bills are about to be dishonoured, and the holders threaten legal proceedings, the endorser can hardly plead that the acceptor has all along been a man of straw. He set him up and gave him the use of such signature, and secret clauses do not hold valid in commercial treaties. The worst that can be said against the Government of 1863 is that they encouraged the dream of a self-supporting colony. None of them appears to have gone the length of denying that any legal liability would be incurred ; they only ignored too much the contingency of its having to be enforced. The chief offender in this respect is understood to have been the then Treasurer, Captain Hart. In introducing the Northern Territory Bill on the 1st October, 1903, he said, " The great point to be gained was that the whole expenses of starting the colony should be secured by the sale of the land, and the only way this could be done, was to hold out large inducements to Him purchasers. It was believed that the sale of this land would pay the expenses. this colony would be put to." The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Mr.- Glyde) committed himself still further. In moving the second reading of the bill on the 13th October, he announced that "the first principle of the measure was to make the new territory self-supporting." In committee the Treasurer ventured a second prediction, that " there would be a great demand for land, and then, if the money so raised were applied to the benefit of the new territory, its settlement would become a great success." Mr. Neville Blyth expressed quite a contrary conviction, that the bill, would be the occasion of a jolly row." Can he have had a > presentiment of the day of reckoning which has at length dawned upon the prophesies of smooth things - In the Upper House the Chief Secretary showed greater control over his emotions in speaking of the infant Romulus. "All the Government required was that they should not be put to unnecessary expense. They offered a portion of the land for sale, and if the public invested their capital in the country they would take the responsibility of carrying on the settlement with every prospect of, success." It was on these terms the Adam Bay expedition was undertaken with the full consent and approval of at least one branch of the Legislature. When the first repulse was experienCed a new Government proposed to a new Assembly to retreat while there was still something to save, and the reply was that they should make a fresh start. The most fatal error of all was committed by the Blyth Ministry a year ago, in attempting to carry out this advice, when they must have known, from the practical information before them, that it was too late. They sent out a third exploring expedition when there was was barely time left to complete the survey. But the Assembly was not alone to blame for that. A section of the land-order holders had also been clamouring for further exploration, as may be seen by the memorial which they presented to the Governor in January, 1865. Therein they expressed their opinion that the delay of the surveys would be a smaller evil than over-hasty selection. To please them M'Kinlay was sent out, and when he returned empty handed they renewed through Parliament their demand for exploration. Again they obtained it, though they may fairly object to the four months' delay which occurred between the debate of October, 1866, and the dispatch of Captain Cadell in February, 1867. But Uko Parliament, the land-order holders were divided among themselves Those in Adelaide had no sooner obtained their exploring party than their brethren in London complained of the vexatious delays thereby occasioned, and made it a ground for demanding instant restitution. Such errors as were committed during the first three years arose from the too amiable policy of trying to please everybody. Each successive Government was deluded by it, and time slipped away until the crisis carne for acting on their personal judgment and responsibility It was to the Blyth Ministry this crisis presented itself in February, 1867\. They blundered it irretrievably in devoting to * exploration even a single month of the period which; would barely have sufficed for survey. The present Government may say that the die had been cast before they took office ; but they are open to the retort that if they could not retrieve the errors of their predecessors, I I they ought not quietly to have allowed its evil consequences to accumulate as they have done. They have had more than one opportunity of arresting the current of disaster, instead of drifting along with it. Captain Cadell might have been recalled when he came to Burke Town in ] August, last year.. Or immediately on his return, a survey, party might have been dispatched, with instructions to get as much land as possible ready before the expiry of the five years. This would have strengthened our' position with regard to both classes of land-order holder s for it would have prevented either' of them charg- ing me with a legal breach of contract. Those who wanted ' back their money might have been less exacting with regard to interest, knowing the weak point of their claim. Those who meant to insist on having the land might have been far more reasonable as to the terms of extension. As' it is, we are at the mercy of both, and the whole undertaking has to be begun over again. Finally, if the Government had not courage enough for a coup d' etat of this kind, neither had they any right to retain a responsibility, for which they pronounced themselves unfit. It would have been better for them to have called Parliament together and relieved themselves of their precious burden. Like an over willing- donkey, they have held on until they got beyond the reach of assistance, and then in the final break-down have smashed everything beyond repair. Singular DiscovERy or £1600. An English paper of 1st February says A few days since an old lady, I upwards of seventy years of age, died at the residence of her daughter-in-law in Swansea. For many years she occupied, in complete solitude, a retired cottage in High-street. When seriously indisposed a short time ago she was induced to reside with her relatives. Shortly afterwards she died rather suddenly. In removing the furniture from her hermitage, concealed beneath an old-fashioned night commode a box was discovered, in which were deposited 1600 sovereigns. No will was discovered, and the next of kin lost: no time in adopting legal measures to take out the necessary letters of administration. The old lady's name was Evans, and she was known to possess some property. Her heart was found in a most filthy condition, -ere I' i v ' <? ' 