Br the Acthob of "George Geith," "The Race bob Wealth," "City ans Suburb," " Phemie Keller," &c.; [The exclusive rlgbi of pablkihing "A S4f«'i AmIm* in Boatb Australia lias been purchased by ihepropiiewiB of the AMaidt Cfeserver.J CHAPTER XVI. ANDREW HARDELL'S NEW HOME. The events which most materially lntLuence a man's life—that make or mar the whole of his existence—usually occur in a hurry. The accident which cripples is over before he has time to realise how it happened—the woman who blesses or curses the remaining years wins his heart before he comprehends that a thief with fair face and bewitching eyes and soft voice has any ulterior designs upon it—the bank which held all his worldly wealth breaks without even a preliminary whisper as to its intentions—the trusted friend turns out false and faithless before the smile that accompanied his good-by has quite faded from recollection—the sickness which prostrates—the pecuniary loss which compels eating the bread of carefulness —the swift calamity—the sudden fever—all these thing3 come without announcement, without ceremony. They need no voice to announce their advent, hut cross the threshold and stand on the hearth, and are from thenceforward tenants of the man's heart, memories in his life, links of one connected chain, before he has time to remonstrate—before he can stretch forth his hands and cry, "Ye shall not enter j I will close my doors and avert this peril, and refuse to permit you to become a part and parcel of my life." And then there is a short time of struggle during which the man wrestles with his fate, and feels by reason of that very straggle half indifferent to it. Afterwards—after the accident, the heart-wound, the failure, the treachery—is what tries us all. It is not the passage through fire or through water which tests a man's courage. When every feather has been scorched off the wings of hope and imagination—when the other bank is reached, and the shivering wayfarer looks back on the fair land of promise into which he may return in the future never more—then there comes the real trial of strength. Shall he be fainthearted, and go sighing and melancholy along the rest of his road, or shall he make the best of the country where he finds himself, plant a little garden in the midst of the barren waste, gather unto him self something like a home, sow the un promising-looking soil with seed that shall spring up and return an hundredfold, and in the days even of his dejection, consider and provid3 against the famine that otherwise shall surely fall upon his later years, and eave him without a single green thing where with to gladden his sight and refresh his soul. Bv many more men and women than most people imagine this point has at some time or other of their lives to be decided. Is a fortune lost—shall the temper be from thenceforth soured, trial to men and gods ? Is a lover faithless—shall the forsaken one brood her life away thinking of his treachery? Does death carry off on his pale horse one who was as the apple of an eye—as the jewel in a casket—shall the survivor sit in the shadow of the valley—in the gloom of the grave for evermore? Does a blight fall on the first promise of youth—shall man walk from that time forth only through fields where the corn is mildewed, through orchards where thefrifit cankers ere it ripens —shall there be no more gladness for him in heaven or in earth—iu the summer sunshine, in the sound of many waters—in the rushing of the breeze—shall there come to him no hour more, oh. Lord! when the blight shall be removed, and the flowers of his life bud forth once again—once again if it be but to perish?—shall he not stand in the light and feel the warm glow of happiness—shall there arrive to him in the future no present so full of joy that the past may fade away into a mere memory, and the scroll, where the words of that olden story were once traced in such ineffaceable letters, be rolled up and laid aside at last? In the dreary JNovember weather—when the joys hung heavy over Essex Marsh— when in the Vicarage House damp rose from the floors, and exuded from the walls, drawn thence by unwonted fires kindled in the library—Andrew Hardell—now known to all whom it might concern as the Bev. Anthony Hardell—had ample leisure for considering his position, and deciding how he should for the future walk through life—with a sad countenance or the reverse—in a state of antagonism towards God and man — or accepting what God had sent him without murmuring, and striving to do his duty in that state of existence in which, wisely or not, he had elected to spend the remainder of his days. For a time there was a beating against the bars—a fluttering of the wings—a passionate cry for liberty—a protest against the justice of his sentence—a wild despair at the thought of what might have been—a natural horror at the loneliness of the road he beheld stretching away—a recoiling from the false ness of his position, from the waste of strength, and talent, and energy, which such a position involved—but after a time he ealmed down, and taking matters more quietly, resolved to bear his troubles like a man. For a while, after Anthony's departure, there set in the same sort of reaction as had ensued after his first gift of the thousand pounds. At Dumfries he asked himself was the result obtained worth the price paid for it? In London, with a perfect new light reveal ing his friend in his true character—a man strong for evil, weak for good—he decided quite deliberately that the result was not worth the price, and that ali the money he had lent, or rather given his friend, was not likely to benefit Anthony in the least. When once the thousand pounds was spent in fact he could not conceive what would become of the voluntary exile. Work he knew he would not, and what he should find to do in a strange country, and amongst a strange people, baffled Andrew's imagination. But whatever the result of the step might prove to Anthony and to himself, Andrew, the longer he reflected on the matter, felt more and more that not merely was it now irreparable, but that it had always been non preventable. When his money passed into Anthony's hands, all the king's horses ami all the king's men would not have availed to get it back again. Certainly the borrower condescended to explain why it was impossible for him to meet Andrew's views, but the explanation, when weighed and sifted, simply amounted to this, viz., that Anthony had determined to keep what he had got. And then, being of an amiable tempera ment, having really a liking for his friend, and being in his own opinion unselfish and thoughtful to a degree, he kindly marked out a course which should at once provide Andrew with bread and cheese, and make his own mind perfectly easy concerning the matter. It was the same thing enacted between two grown-up people we so often observe with children. "I don't want that—you may have it," says the juvenile autocrat to its less im perious fellow, " and I will take this." So, almost under the guise of a gift to another, the speaker secures what he desires for himself, and with a serene conscience eats his plum cake, whilst his sub. has to be content with more modest fare, and swallow it thankfully into the bargain. " I don't want the East-End curacy, you can take it," suggested Anthony HardeU, a mere child of a larger growth, to his friend, " and I will spend your money, and gratify my own inclinations." Twist the matter how he would, Andrew Hardell, once the spell of his old companion's presence was removed, could make nothing more of it than this : Hehad wanted the money, and hehad gotit. He had resolved to marry Laura Challerson ; and he knew he could not, without outraging ; all social decency, marry her in England after what had happened. All through the affair, he (Andrew) had been a mere cat's paw employed, with apologies and regrets it is true, but employed none the less certainly for all that, to get Anthony's chesnuts out of the fire; and now Anthony was off to Australia with his ches nuts, and Andrew, sitting in the vicarage library, considered all these things, and knowing he had been duped, and over persuaded, and beguiled, and deceived, through the very best part of his nature, still refrained from anger, and only said to him self, as he looked out at the dreary Novem ber day, typical of a succession of dreary days which he should have to rise up and face morning after morning. "What am I that T should judge him? God keep me from judging any one hardly throughout all the years to come." And so the man's character began to he formed, the instrument fashioned for the work it had to do. It is only the story of one life I have un dertaken to tell, and if it should seem to some readers that undue time is being occu pied in striving to explain the direction Andrew Hardeli's thoughts took at this juncture, I would entreat them to remember that the whole universe is made up but of the stories of single lives, and that in, perhaps, the most exciting and sensational account of any human being's life which was ever written, we are told that it was not till after the wind, and the earthquake, and the fire, there came a still small voice, which told Elijah what his God expected him to do. Hitherto, his master's work had seemed to Andrew Hardell easy, and his yoke light, bat now the first thing asked of him as he entered into the vineyard was utter self abnegation. In another name he was to labour. If he preached with the tongue of an angel, if he brought wandering souls home, if he bound up the bruised heart, and supported the fainting spirit, he should reap no honour from men—none might ever know but God only. For Andrew Hardell, to all human intents, was dead, his place in the world was empty, and he might never occupy it more. He had as really left England as though he, instead of Anthony, were traversing the ocean. Of his own free will he had as truly destroyed his individuality, as though the earth were piled above his grave. He had chosen that night when he stood on DervorgiLla's Bridge to cast aside all old ties, and to cut himself adrift from all former associations, and behold, this was the re sult. In the vicarage he sat alone, a solitary man, without a name, without a friend, and how lonely the house in Essex Marsh seemed to him after the snug homeliness of Langmore only those who have ever known what it is to possess a true home, and then to be cast out therefrom, can understand. A more wretched habitation than that vicarage could indeed, perhaps, scarcely he imagined. It stood a little apart from tlie church yard, and was surrounded by a plantation of funereal trees, that did indeed serve to screen the graves from view, but that also shut out light and air as well. A high brick wall guarded its front from profane observation, and between this wall and the principal door was a grass plat, which looked as though afflicted with some fearful disease that produced black, and brown, and grey patches all over its surface. In the centre of this grass plat were an arbutus and a mulberry tree, the latter of which never bore any fruit, and had only leaves on it for about three months in the year. Underneath the arbutus was a sun-dial, with the true inscription, " I only count sunny hours," for in these latter days it never counted any at aJL Over the hall-door porch hang stray branches of jesamine; at the back of the house was a small damp garden, surrounded by the trees previously mentioned; and con cealed from view by a straggling hedge of half-dead laurel bushes, was a plot of ground where the new curate discovered a broken cucumber frame, the remains of an ancient hot-bed, a root of parsley, a few cabbages, and a plant of rue. At the extremity of this cheerful looking piece of ground stood an old tool- house with the roof fallen in, and there were the latticework remains of a former poultry yard, where were piled dust and ashes, oyster shells, broken bottles, and pieces of crockery. There were no stables attached to the vicarage, although there was a tradition in the parish that a clergyman, antecedent to Mr. Trelwyn, had kept a carriage and pair, and " seen a sight" of fine company. "Within, the house was no more cheerful than without. The visitor entered through a dark, low, square hall, from which doors opened into dining, drawing, and morning rooms. In which latter apartment, Mrs. Trelwyn and her daughters had apparently lived, for the paper in the drawing-room was literally peeling off, and whenever the door was un closed a faint, mouldy smell wandered out into the hall. The library, situated at one end of the house, was reached by traversing a corridor, and then ascending a few steps. Andrew found it a dark, dull room—dark by reason of the fir trees growing outside the windows, and dull because it commanded a view of nothing save the kitchen garden before described; but lie chose it for his living apartment, partly because of the hooks with which its walls were lined, and partly because the furniture it boasted was in better order and more substantial than that contained in any other room in the house. " It is many a day since there was a fire here," remarked the woman, who, with her husband, had been left in charge of the house. " I never saw Mr. Trelwyn in this room but once in my life—sitting I mean— that was the night before Mr. George was married, and the young ladies were trimming their dresses in the parlour. " He came up here—it was in the month of August—and I think he must have felt j the beginning of his illness on him then, for j when Mrs. Trelwyn seut me with a message j about something or other she had forgotten,- i he was sitting in the chair by the window, I looking like a very ghost. I lived cook with | them for ten years before I married, and j after that, whenever they wanted me, I used i tocomeoveraudhelp. Theywereanicefamily, j though they were never liked in the parish ; i and for that matter not one of them liked j the place; it was noc fit for them." I Which was quite true. To the Trelwyns j Essex Marsh had always seemed as unoon- j genial as they seem to the people Jiy whom j they Avcre surrounded. To say that Mr. and Mt3. Trelwyn detested the place would be, perhaps, to use too mild a word concerning their feelings. There was more than simple detestation in their souls concerning it—disappointment, anger, hopelessness, humiliation, privation, all were concentrated in Essex Marsh. They had taken the living as a mere stepping- stone to riches, and honour, and happiness, and worldly advancement, aud behold, they were left on the stone for the rest of then existence. "A beggarly living," Mr. Trelwyn was wont to declare; "if I had only known he had intended to plant me down here for life a pauper in the midst of paupers, I would have flung liis gift back to him, and branded him as the ungrateful time-server he was." All which remarks, delivered at great length, and with a vehemence of enunciation never attained to by Mr. Trelwyn in the pulpit, had reference to a deceased bishop, whose memory the vicar abused with a con sistent fury that would have been amusing had it not also sounded painfully pathetic. " If I had trusted God as I trusted him," sometimes finished Mr. Trelwyn, uncon sciously paraphrasing the remark of a very different man. "If 1 had trusted God as I trusted hiiu, I should long since have been I veiy differently situated. Why, look here, 8ir," he one da3r informed a brother clergyman I who cams to visit him, "the curate who succeeded me at Thorpe Kegis, a man with out talent, family, or influence, was pre sented to the living of Orasblaw—a poor thing certainly—only one hundred and twenty pounds a 3'ear; hut, mark you, he met down there a nobleman who took a fancy to him, and what was the consequence? why, he got him the living of Bedbury, and that poor curate who came to Thorpe Regis when I left it is now. Rector of Bedbury, Canon of Westminster, and may, for aught we can tell, some day be Archbishop of Canterbury. And yet there are some people who do not i believe in Providence. Unhappily I believed in a bishop, and this is the result. If I had , to begin my life again, I would make a very •' different thing of it. Well, the end is not ■ yet—that is one comfort." I Which, being interpreted, meant—not that Mr. Trelwyn now expected his own : merits to be ever recognised in this world, j but that he hoped when the bishop's affairs ; came to be finally settled up in the next that the heavenly auditors would remember : how he stranded an old friend in Essex : Marsh, and refuse in consequence to pass his ■ lordship to the realms of bliss. j Nor, to do her justice, was Mrs. Trelwyn ! one whit less vehement than her husband in 1 bemoaning their unfortunate position. "For herself," she said, " of course she did not care; it was on her poor girl's account she felt the cruelty of their position. Parents did care for their children's degra dation. If my poor mother were alive," Mrs. Trelwyn frequently informed her friend, " it would break ber heart to see me doing a servant's work," by which expression the lady only intended her acquaintance to understand that she sometimes was com pelled to put coals on the lire for herself when her husband and girls were out of the room. Had Mrs. Trelwyn been really servant in the vicarage, the wretched house must have become even more miserable Than it was— for a worse manager and an untidier woman the Home Counties could not have produced. She was one of those dreadful people whose homes and person are kept orderly and presentable merely by means of lady's maids, footmen, parlour-maids, and so forth, and when once these accessories were re moved, she and her belongings fell into a state of dilapidation which was ouly faintly shadowed forth by the neglected kitchen garden, and the useless dial. She had been a pretty, ladylike-looking girl when Mr. Trelwyn married her, and now she was a faded, dowdyish woman, with but one object left in life, viz., to get her daughters married—well, if she could—but, if she could not, then ill. "There is nothing for them but marriage, Henry," she observed to her husband, which was true, only, unhappily, it chanced that men would not see the matter in the same light, and abroad, as at home, the young ladies remained unsought and unwooed, while regretfully Mrs. Trelwyn thought of a little love affair of Henrietta's which she had nipped in the bud years and years and years before. " The man is now an alderman," she con sidered, " and though it would have been a dreadful thing, still it would have been better than this," knowing that the wares were getting heavy, and that she was nearly tired of hawking them about. Had that impossible idea of his concerning beginning life afresh been practicable, Mr. Trelwyn should certainly as a first step in the right direction have changed his wife, and yet if there were one portion of his career on which at the time he had piqued himself, it was on the fact of securing Lord Mayfort's niece, and getting the lady's family to sanc tion the match. "Oh5 he's a fellow certain to rise," said that excessively easy going and worldly wise nobleman when Lady Mayfort told him she felt confident there was something between Henrietta and the curate. "He is certain to get on, and considering Etty has no fortune, and that she /ta.s her father's re lations, I do not think she can do better. He will get a good living some day, and " "But of course you do not intend to give him one," interrupted LadyMayfort, think ing not merely of her own children, hut also of her own brothers and nephews. " Decidedly not; he has his own friends and more especially the Bishop of Southwark. He is certain to get on; a man of his appear ance and abilities must get on." And so the engagement was sanctioned, and Mr. Trelwyn married Miss Buruton. and there was a very grand wedding, at which the honourable young ladies from the Hall assisted, and the school children strewed the path with flowers, and the bells were rung, and the guests afterwards entertained at a splendid breakfast, and the bride's presents were wonderfully beautiful and unsuitable— so said Mrs. Lance, Mr Trelwyn's rector's spouse—"for a poor curates aud the settlements on which Lord Mayfort in his capacity of uneleliood duly insisted were perfectly correct and satisfactory; and although his lordship declared, laughingly, "you need not look to me for a living, Trelwyn," still Trelwyn already in imagina tion beheld the face of one of the family livings, and started with his -bride on their honeymoon, firmly believing hi3 fortune made, and that he need not trouble himself for ever after about anything. When, however, he returned from liis honey moon, he found there were a variety of tilings likely to trouble him—first, the means that had sufficed for a baehelor living in lodgings seemed lamentably insufficient when a wife ! bad to be supported also—a wife also who did not know beef from mutton till it was cooked, who was utterly at the mercy of her servants, and who had not received even a rudimentary education in the matter of arithmetic. Second, the Mayforts were away, . but a living had just fallen in, and my Lord made no sign. "I will run up to town and see him, Etty," said the Rev. Henry Trelwyn; and he went up to town, where Lord Mayfort j laughed at him for leaving his bride so soon, ! and laugbed still more when bis visitor ' mentioned the living. " My dear fellow," be answered, " T told you not to look to me for a living." j " I know you did, but pleaded tbe curate. i "Mr. Trelwyn, don't take what I'm going to say in bad part," commenced his lordship, " but the fact is, you must never look to me for anything. Of course L v.'as glad to do what lay in my power for Etty—an unfortu nate match, that of her mother's—poor little girl, left without anybody belonging to her j before she was twelve years old. I had her j at the H all, and so forth, but I cannot con tinue that through another generation. 1 have ckildreu of my own growing up, and thei-e are my brothers and my wife's brothers, and the Lord only knows who besides to provide for. I gave you fair warning, Trelwyn; don't say I led you astray, but if I can help you I will. Isn't there some ■ bishop fellow on whom you have a claim ?— ' we'll ask him down to the Hall, and remind him of it." j Having received which cheering promise, i the Eev. Henry Trelwyn turned Ins steps homewards, while Lord Mayfort remarked to his wife '' with that fellow's face and figure, and birth, and manner, he ought to have done better than Etty. He might have married an heiress and ten thousand a year." Failing the heiress, Mr. Trelwyn soon began to find his position unpleasant. Mrs. Lance, a vulgar, hustling, clever, intriguing woman, began to fancy Mrs. Trelwyn gave herself airs, that Trelwyn himself thought he was better than her husband. "They presume on the Hall," said the rector's lady, severely, and the Hall being rather a sore point with the rector, he hearkened unto the voice of the woman. Deene Hall lay just outside the parish of Wraysdale, and until Mr. Trelwyn's arrival there had been 110 connection or acquaintance between the rector of one village and the great proprietor of the next. 48 What would you have me do, my dear ?" asked the rector. "Dismiss him," was the prompt reply, 44 and get some one more suitable—some one whose wife, if he have one, will rise for breakfast, and wear sometliing less costly than silks and satins, and feathers and real lace." The true fact of the matter being that poor Mrs. Trelwyn was wearing out her most unsuitable trousseau, and airing her very best dresses—dresses she could never hope to replace with any one-half so good—in utter unconsciousness that in doing this she was committing a sin against the ruling powers. "But, my dear," ventured Mr. Lance, 44 where shall I again get a curate so suitable, so perfect a gentleman, so desirable in every way't Only think of that Irishman they had at Deenefells, who, when his vicar asked him to dinner, observed to his wife during a pause in the conversation— ■■ j " ' Laura, my dear, I wonder whether any of your ancestors ever dined by- daylight.' " • "I'd have Laura'd her," remarked Mrs. Lance, fiercely. "Or that other," persisted the rector, "who said he did not object to visiting the very poor, but Mr. Goodwin must excuse him mixing with the middle classes. It is not an easy matter to find a curate to one's mind," finished Mr. Lance. " Fiddle-de-dee !" was his wife's vigorous comment; "there are as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it, and for that matter, Samuel" (Mr. Lance's godfather and godmother had conferred upon him this desirable scriptural name), "for that matter, Samuel, why should we have a curate at all ? Now that you have no pupils"—(here Mr. Lance sighed; it was through Ms wife he had lost them)—" and that I am able to visit so much, why need we incur the expense ?" Why, indeed. There had been a blessed time of comparative peace in the Rev. Samuel's life when his wife was unable to visit, but now she was strong again, and, like a'war horse, smelt the battle afar off. Poor Mr. Lance would rather have had the worst curate who ever considered himself superior to Ms rector tramping about the Earish than his wife, but the wife could not e got rid of though the curate might. "Certainly Mr. Trelwyn is expensive," the rector began. " Expensive ! I should think so indeed ; and useless," capped his wife. " One half Ms time gadding about among his fine friends, and when he is in the parish, off dining at some place, never to be found if he is wanted. I have not the least doubt but that he went to London to see Lord Mayfort about that vacant living, and if he gets it, will he consider you, do you imagine? He will leave you just as soon as ever he can." " Well, my dear, v/e could scarcely expect Mm to do otherwise," mildly suggested the rector. " Then why should Ave consider Mm ? If he be but lately married, he has married into a family that will take good care no one belonging to them wants for anything the Church can giATe. He will be well seen to. I wish we were as certain of promotion." And thus the curate's fate was sealed. He did not, as has been seen, get the family living, but in lieu thereof he received notice from his rector, and removed in due time from Wraysdale to that other parish, whence his successor was promoted to great honours. Worse than this also, he was removed from the neighbourhood of Deene Hall, and the advantages of residing near his wife's connections, who had given him a social standing at Wraysdale difficult for a man of limited means to acquire elsewhere. Nevertheless, Lord Mayfort did not quite lose siglit of his relation. Sometimes he and his wife were invited to stay at the Hall, and once also Lady Mayfort asked them to spend three days at the great town house in Berkeley- square, on which occasion Mr. Trelwyn met the Bishop of Southwark, and found an opportunity of reminding that worthy prelate of the old friendship which had subsisted between Mr. Trelwyn's father and the bishop in days gone by. There was even something in these remi niscences concerning the bishop's previous life having been preserved by the bravery and coolness of the Cornish gentleman when both were lads together, and it may he assumed that his lordship was not quite ungrateful for the boon of existence since, when bidding Mr. Trelwyn good-by, he added in his best manner— " These things, my dear young friend, are not, I need scarcely tell you, always quite in my own power, hut the very first opportunity that presents itself, your father's sou—the son of my dead friend—shall not he for gotten." From which time Henry Trelwyn trusted in a bishop. Three years passed by, and still his lord ship made no sign. Men died and other men filled their shoes, hut not even a pair of slippers was found amongst all the clerical property likely to fit the son of the bishop's dead friend. To all appeals there came one unvarying reply— "The very first time my hands are free your interests shall he attended to." And with this, for another year or two, Mr. Trelwyn had to be satisfied. Meanwhile he was deeply in debt, his expenses were increasing, he was the father of four children, and the Mayforts seemed disinclined to cultivate the pleasure of their acquaintance. At the Hall Mr. Trelwyn, indeed, was usually sure of a tolerably cordial welcome, hut j\Irs. Trelwyn's worn face and dowdyish attire found small favour in the eyes of her auut. "I have no patience with her," said that amiable lady ; "she might manage so much better; and besides, if we begin to encou rage them now, we shall have all those chil dren continually here. We have done our duty towards Henrietta, and no one can expect us to do more than our duty." Thus in the most natural way in the world the Trelwyns sank into " poor rela tions," until one day, six years after their marriage, a letter arrived from a certain Dean Jefferies, stating that on the recommendation of his much- esteemed friend, the Bishop of Southwark, he had much pleasure in offering Mr. Trelwyn the living of All Saints, Essex Marsh. By the same post also came a lengthy epistle from the bishop, setting forth that although the living in question was not in every respect what lie had hoped to he able to procure for the son of his old friend, still he trusted it would ultimately prove the stepping-stone to something more desirable. With fees, &c.;, the income might he reckoned at about £500 per annum ; there was a good house, and the duty was not heavy. Fall of gratitude, Henry Trelwyn hurried up to town to thank both, his patrons ; and when, after notice given and the time fulfilled, he and his wife moved into their new home, it was in the firm belief that now fortune really meant to shine upon them, and that Henry's face, figure, manners, and abilities had at length found a sphere where they might at length raise him to eminence. He borrowed money to pay off his debts the Mayforts once more invited them to dinner in Berkeley-square—the merchants resident in Essex Marsh and the adjacent localities were very attentive to Mrs. Trelwyn, and acknowledged the superior address and attainments of her husband. There was great happiness for a time at the Vicarage, until Mr. Trelwyn discovered that the actual income on which he could depend was not quite three hundred a year, and that he had simply been given the living because the Bishop of Southwark had he stowed a rectory in a really desirable neigh bourhood, worth a thousand a year, exclusive of fees, upon the brother-in-law of Dean Jefferies. Year by year the merchants, whose wealth swelled the Easter offerings at All Saints, and added another hundred to Mr. Trelwyn's income, left the parish and migrated—some further north, some to the extreme west, some to a better world—till at length, as Mr. Trelwyn piteously informed his patron, there was not a man left within walking distance above the rank of a clerk. Once again the Bishop of Southwark pro mised, and once again he delayed to perform —delayed so long, in fact, that he died without performing; and then another pre late was appointed, who knew nothing whatever of Mr. Trelwyn, save by repute, which spoke of his dehts, his pride, his dis content, his uselessuess. People blamed him for his extravagance, and yet the man did not indulge in a single personal luxury. Scandal itself could not accuse him of a solitary vice, save that of poverty. Let him strive as he might, he could not keep the wolf from the door; and but for a most opportune legacy, which arrived just when his only son was old enough to go to College, he could not have afforded to send him to Oxford, or to start him in the world. When in the aftertime Andrew Hardell came to know the man who had commenced life with such fair hopes, with such good chances of success, he pitied him as he had perhaps never pitied any one previously. Well he knew Essex Marsh by the period Mr. Trelwyn returned from abroad—well he knew its misery, its depressing air, its utter want of congenial society, its banishment—as it seemed to bim—from the world; and if he found it hard to work there—if he who desired solitude—who had craved for a sphere of labour amongst the poor, the wretched, and the criminal—felt at times as though the stagnation of this existence would kill bim—how must it, he thought, have affected the stately gentleman, who still in his old age retained something of the pre sence and beauty of his youth—who was handsome to the last—whose manners were courtly and ceremonious even when doing the poor honours of his miserable home, and who looked, when he stood up in the reading desk, like one who, travelling towards St. James's, had lost his way, and wandered into one of the poorest and meanest of London's purlieus by mistake. That Mr. Trelwyn had utterly neglected his parish it is, perhaps, scarcely necessary to state—that his son, his former curate, had neglected it still more Andrew speedily dis covered. The sick had died unvisited—marriage was an almost unknown institution—the dead were buried elsewhere, and already small rows of cottages had crept up to, and were encroaching on the graveyard—the congre gation consisted of a few school children, half a dozen old men and women who came for the sake of the doles some pious merchant of the City of London had in former days left to perpetuate his memory—and a sprink ling of small shopkeepers, together with a select number of clerks, whose wives on Sunday bloomed forth into a splendour of apparel that astounded the curate's country imagination. There was not a man resident in the parish to whom Andrew could apply for a sovereign when sickness or distress came upon a family. Nevertheless he did not despair ; he went about bis work, and he heeded neither rudeness nor contumely, both of which he received, in the discharge of his duty. It was the evenings which tried him most. The long lonely evenings when he was too tired to read or write—when he sickened for the sound of a friendly voice—for the tones of Madge's piano, for the old old home which had been his, and which he had voluntarily renounced for ever. The first fortnight he spent in that dull unhealthy parsonage he thought must kill him ; hut at the end of that time there arrived a visitor who taught him companion ship in his position might he more trying than solitude, conversation than silence. Not that the Rev. George Trelwyn was by any means a disagreeable man—on the con trary, he was considered one of the plea santest individuals imaginable, and Andrew found no reason to contradict this popular opinion concerning him. Nevertheless, his visitor tried him. He had thought in big folly that when he "tholed his assize1' at Dumfries, his ordeal was over, hut he soon discovered his mistake. "Fool," he said to himself when on the morning after George Trelwyn's arrival they stood together within the altar rails of All Saints' Ghurch, Andrew reading the com mandments in an audible voice, and his vicar's son listening—"my 4 Life's Assize' is only now beginning." 