ADELAIDE. (TROM OCR CWS COESESPOSDENT. 1 To use- one of Pasquin's lat*-coined words, ?we are living in a ' criEisticat^d '' atmosphere. ! Crisis has followed crisjia in such quick eucces- : con that we have nut had time to recover from ! revolution the firtt ere revolution the second j tas orertaken ub mth its chaos. And all this j is over the land. WelL if euch things must be, ] perhaps they could not occur over a better I question. The only matter for reertt is, tliat , as all parties are agreed as to tht end to be j attained — namely, settling down poor Wap- ; straw snugly on his agricultural section— there ! should be so much diversity of opinion as re- \ gards the means. When the Hart Ministry took office a little more than a fortnight ago, ire were all wondering how on earth they would contrive in Cabinet to tone down their differ ences sufficiently to concoct a scheme that be presentable to the House ; and some of them must have had some disagreeable pills to evrallow before the feat was accomplished. Hosrever, no matter how, it was done. True to their appointment, Ministers faced tbe House with their land policy. It was only a skeleton, capable of being filled in fat or lean, according to taste ; but it frightened hon. members at first sight. They couldn't even be coaxed to ?wait and see how it would look in its firet garment, but expelled it promptly and per emptorily from tbe precincts of the House. This skeleton of land reform gibbered some thing about free selection and deferred pay ments ; bnt the words came so indistinctly, and the sightless sockets looked eo blank and un meaning, that no head or tail coold be made of its utterances. 'All the land,' says Mr. Skeleton, ' must first come to the auctioneer's hammer ; after which the farmer can step np aud select where be pleases from what passes. Certainly,' continued the ghost of Land Re form, I'll do my best to fee that all wno pur chase in the auction-room are either bnnafide farmers or licensed brokers ; but you must first give the capitalist his chance, you know.' But it was all to no purpose— the House wouldn't have it ; so poor Land Policy was ordered away to the charnel-honse, from whence it is to be ho|«d its bald unpromising aspect may never again emerge. Mr. Hay, the recog nised leader of liberal land reform, gave the order of ejectment, which being backed up by the House, of course the Ministry followed their pet prolegi into retirement Dropping the figure, however, and speaking in plain prose, it was a most miserable scheme, and it failed miserably. It embodied one of the principles of the Victorian Land Act — deferred payments — but the free selection contained in it was a burlesque only of the term. It was only free selection after capitalist* bad had their pick of the land in the auction-room. Bat the third cardinal principle of Grant's Act— compulsory occupation— was rejected altogether. The three together I believe to be good; but separate them — take any one of these principles away — and the virtue of the remnant is lost. Com pulsory occupation and improvement is the great and only safeguard against what would othervrise be an overwhelming power of specu lative capital, and this was entirely dropped in Mr. Hart's scheme. Mr. Hay was communicated with by His Excellency, and entrusted with the task of forming a new Ministry. He 'accepted tbe situation,' and asked the House for six day's adjournment, which was granted him. I be lieve be has been assiduous in bis endeavours, and hopeful reports have been in continued cir culation ; but just as we were preparing to hear of his success, he himself reported to His Excellency his failure, owing to his being un able to secure a colleague in the Upper House. Captain Hart (Chief Secretary) was then sent for by the Governor, and the result of the in terview was that Mr. Ayers (late Chief Secre tary) was communicated with and requested to form a Ministry, which he at once agreed to do, with little doubt of success. Just at the last moment before posting this letter, I have heard that the whole of the Ayers Ministry have re turned to power. It is impossible that this crew can long command the confidence of the As ?tpmlilir an fchf- nmrtkhilifsM nw in Invnnr n ultimate dissolution and an appeal to the country. In the Court of Disputed Returns, Mr. Rogers has achieved an unqualified victory. If the thorough humiliation of an antagonist is any gratification, be should be so far a contented man. When I wrote my last the case was pending, and in stating tne position of the parties I hazarded a conjecture that Mr. Dunn's would prove a losing game ; and so it has. The charge of election bribery has been satisfac torily established against hi'i_ and the penalties inflicted are severe indeed. He has to pay £150 for his opponent's expenses in the pro ceedings against him ; he nag lost his seat in Parliament, and is disqualified for Legislatorial honours during the remainder of the present session, which has just commenced. Tfte gold intelligence is growing yellower. The accounts from tbe new Barossa diggings have the genuine ring of the true metal about them. Jupiter Creek has certainly lost caste everywhere, and h generally spoken of as a ' seD ;' but, as if to enter a protest against the wholesale obliquy cast upon it, the finest nugget ever taken from South Australian soil has just been unearthed from its shallow xinkinm The nugget weighs 12oz. 12gr. Still, however, the amount of gold taken from the Jupiter Creek diggings is in no way commensurate with the work performed. At Barossa— Judging from tbe re|-ortg continually coming in — the case seems to be different There everyone is said to be setting gold, while some are realising positively magnificent returns. Not such at we heard of in the first-Boodrnmours which reached no from the Gympie gold-fields, when £5000 per substantial, without partaking of the Arabian Nights' colour in fabulous finds and fortunes. The following is an epitome of the latest news which has appeared in the JUguter : — ' We get at something reliable as to the extent of tbe rush when we are able to state that 960 .gold licenses had actually been issued for Barossa diggingB alone up to Monday night. ... It is believed that , in the period from Friday morning to Monday night more gold was ob tained than in all the previous time since tbe discovery. Gawler, on Saturday night, was in a fever, and troops of those who had been working during the week returned to that town, or others, till Monday, — an advantage which proximity to their home gives to large numbers of diggers. Mr. Bevilaqua brought to our office, on Monday morning, abont a pound of beautiful, nuggetty Barossa cold, bought by him at £3 17s 6d per ounce. He had, during Saturday, weighed for different persons, who desired, very naturally, to know how much they had obtained, ...between Tour and five pounds, and during the week about twelve pounds. He states that a German from Rosen thai, with whom lie is acquainted, working ..alone «t Yatta Creek, ?procured fifteen ounces, last week, out of one hole. Another party of three found thirteen onnoes, which Mr. Bevil aqut himself weignea tor them. Various other parties bad sot from one onnce to ?five ounces. .. ... . . At the South Australian Bank, Xarnnds, on Saturday, the manager, we under stand, weighed, for residents -who had returned :' there, seven jxionda aoa a-ha]f, and also pur .phased another lot of one -ptrand and a-half, ob tained in two or three days ty ?'» party of four GWBOUiB. Xakuw ttte workers as a whole, it is not sntoxaggerated Irtitonwnl to inaVe, that the \- -esniwgs -are -»-mcn*Kjq^»~ 'whit would be obtained in tyr'-friffifilgf fir'lh.onn employed in this dull season of the year. . . _, , .The *jH}ipray!B!IP»HW» ? HfnniHt tritn tne rivers this can be obtained, ajeasoaabfe outlay on the pajf «ffie.1SBcntiVB jrilTiS amply and speedily repM.*1 Such is the lastnews we have received from &b; Barossa, and though even this may not be rosy enough to tempt people from lBcratire employment, still it xs, as may be seen from the above, sufficient to have aJready drawn together a very consider ablerilWw#«i«B-i * ;?-??' ? ? Madame Carandini has completed her engage _. - ment at tnfi UJneatre itoyal, and, after ravine a Syfew treats to suburban localities, has taken gfcbite'sBcotM^er£wn juKom£twbere she ijftfe«^vte,^!1fartw^onceW. ' Her ^^^ngainmtnts grow in popularity the more we ?^^??A ffev Goyjhai the Surveyor-General, iSHHKta&eitaW; steps for the organisation ^^^?B^^Bkgurveying the Northern Territory. aw uSHi^B^BKf* delay now is the precarious lfe!*?§M&^Bilinisters hold office. ^^HH^^^HR^|Bmrket is very firm. H^^B^^^HH^^ shipment to Kog ?Ba^i^a^L^HI^^. 