BRISBANE. Angnst 14. I Governor .. Blackall arrived by the Lady Young to-day. The official landing took place' at ten o'clock. . The Governor proceeded direct to Government House, where the commission was read, and His- Excellency was then sworn in by the Judges. Tbere was a very large attendance of people. . A levee will be held on Wednesday. The ' Alhambra,' - steamer, with 300 pas- sengers from .-Melbourne, may be expected to day, and the 'Alexandra' from Adelaide via Sydney, also full, on Monday. We are glad to see the number returning by steamers is very small. We have no doubt there is plenty of room for all that come to do well — it is a mere question of time. If they can afford to labor and to wait, ere long new ground must be opened. ' A branch of the agency of the Bank of New South Wales will be opened, at Kilkivan next week. The agent at Gympie has left to make arrangements. A branch escort to Gutchie,we understand, will meet the next Gympie escort. To-night Mr. Phillips, a wizard unknown to fame among usr undertakes at the School of Arts to ' stake his reputation.' There being no "cannon's mouth" behind tbe scenes, tbere is no good reason that the stranger's advent should not draw a fair attendance to'witness : the movements of his enchanted wand. . A MEETING of the subscribers to Sergeant Ware's testimonial fund was held on Wednes day afternoon at the Steam Packet Hotel. The meeting was hastily, got up in order that the presentation might - be made personally, Ser geant Ware being about to leave tbe town to return to his station' at Gladstone. The purse, containing a good handsome sum— ^we did not learn the exact amount— was presented, with a few complimentary remarks by Mr. Dowzen and briefly, but most appropriately acknow ledged bv Mr. Ware, and the meetine separated Application has been made on behalf of tbe residents of tbe Upper Mary for the establish ment of a post-office at Owanyilla, and also at Tiaro. We believe that such offices would not only be a boon to the many resident on the river, but tbat their number is so great that tbe Government ought immediately to grant tbe request; and we are glad to learn tbe requisi tion, made through Mr. Eliott, the member for the district, has been promised prompt con sideration ; if it gets - that it will be at once granted; By the Bulletin it is announced that -the Rockhampton Railway offices are to let 1 ! f We were- shown the other day a very fine pine-apple: it weighed 121bs, was. nicely formed, and looked as if a slice or two wonld be delicious to the palate. This- magnificent specimen of horticultural produce was grown by Mr. John Harwood, the Mayor of .this bocougb, on the banks of the Maty, and readers at a distance will receive the fact as further testimony tbat oar agricultural resources are most promising and are becoming more appa rent every season. The farmers of ibis district may well be proud of their land, and look for ward to the results of their present crops with good hopes and lively anticipation: We are compelled to leave ' TV letter over nntil next issue. ? ? ? . We are sorry to hear that toi&rt;&h; manifested itself on Manumbar Station. The disease at present exists in comparatively mild forjn, but few deaths-b^ving occurred. It will be seen' by iadvertTSBEh⁢ tbiat 'an inspec tion of ibe dis trict Inspector, and the whole have been placed in -quarantine. - ; The directors under tbe Diseases of Sheep Act -bave, we 'understand, been summoned to consider what furthersteps should be taken. ? — — — ? ? — — ? ? ? ? ? ? JL — — ? ? ? ? ' ? On our last page will be found an essay on ' Cotton growing as a paytfcfg crop,'.' read at the last meeting of the Wide B »y Farmers and Planters Association, which. we recommend to the perusal of all interested in the cultivation of this staple. Tbe writer, Mr. Bailey, i& evi dently well up in the sabject. It is notified in the Oovernment Gazette that Mr. John Murray has been appointed engineer surveyor, and Mr. Charles Tredwin shipwright surveyor at the port of Maryborough. The irascible Dr. Candiottis, a member of the Provincial Council, Clermont, appeared in the Police Court there on Friday last, charged with throwing a pewter inkstand in the Tele graph Office, at the head of the Line Registrar, O'Brien, and was fined 40s. A cross case, tp show provocation, was dismissed. We perceive that Lieutenant Vetney, of the Rifle Brigade, has been appointed by the Heme Government to hold the position of Aidede Camp to H. E. Governor Blackall during his vice-regency in this colony. The Engineer of Roads is pushing on with the clearing and making of the* new line of road from Tiaro to Gympie. The general opinion is that it would have been better to have followed the old route, but it is satisfac. tory to learn that something is beiug done. The road at present used is. a capital one in nne weatner, ana win no doubt be a good deal used even when the new one is opened. The Nashville Times has been furnished with the following information respecting the new route : — The new road to Maryborough, passing, to the east of Bopple Mountain, will be opened the whole distance the same date as that to Brisbane, their construction having kept pace in an equal ratio. The first section, as far as Ulinah, may be said to be open at this date, as tbe clearing is all but finished, and from Ulinah to Tiaro, the old track is available. The whole would be completed by the end of the montb, and will be found very much superior, although bat slightly shorter, than the old road. In place of the sloughs of despond between Nashville and Gutchy, a line over sound ground, bracing the range dividing the Mary and Tinana waters bave - been adopted, which will be passable even after heavy rains. The old road, however, will not be entirely abandoned, but be adopted as the road to Kil kivan, via Miva crossing, the scrab at which -will shortly be cleared by the road party now employed on the Kilkivan line. T ? 1.L- A. ? ? At- AiL f ,1 _ XQ bue luouiveuii uuun, uu toe otov ID ine estate of Perkins and Hutchinson, Mr. Justice Lutwyche gave judgment upon a question which had been raised a fortnight ago. The Brisbane correspondent of the Queensland Times furnishes the following digest of the case Mr. Lilley, oh behalf of Messrs. Box, Son, and Co.-, creditors of the iusolvent, had asked the Court ' to annul the adjudication of insolvency against the insolvents, who were merchants at' Gympie. It seemed that Messrs. Box had obtained a judgement against Perkins and Hutchinson, who to avoid it, petitioned the Court to make them insolvent. Mr. Lilley sought to set aside the adjudication on the grounds— (1), that the signatures to the petition were not attested or dated as requried by the Act? and (2), they had failed within three days of the granting of the order of the adjudication to file a full statement of their liabilities. His Honor said it had been contended by the Attorney-General (who appeared for the official assignee) tbat he, sitting as judge in insolvency could not review an order of adjudication made by the Chief Justice sitting as another judge under the powers conferred by statute. He had no doubt that he had power to reserve the decision of the Chief Justice, because it was an ex parte proceeding; tbe section of the Act providing for appeals from this Court to the full conrt only referred to proceedings where both parties appeared. - Then as to the grounds for the annulling xhe insolvency, he thought, from the case ex parte Hirst, and Ol. and Jam , p- 76, that the first objection was fatal ; and no cases had been cited on the other side to show that the conrt had upheld petitions which contained no attestation, He also con sidered the absence of the statement of lia bilities a sufficient gronnd for annulling the order. The adjudication must be annulled and the petition dismissed ; and the right of the judgment creditors accrued and must be ex ecuted before any second petition conld be filed. Tbe objection of the Attorney-General tbat it was a hardship to the creditors generally for : one creditor to get all tbe available assets, bad not only been well answered by Mr. Lilley in the course of the argument; but also in one of the cases cited by tbe Attorney-General him self. Count Von Attem, who has lately figured so largely is this and the adjoining colony as the ' illustrious visitor from Austria,' has tnrned : out, according to the Courier, a mere adven- 1 tufer. He managed, says that journal, during bis short stay at Brisbane, to walk into tbe good graces of some of our citizens, and to make rather heavy drafts on tbeir bankers. His count8hip, it will be remembered, left Brisbane in tbat renowned craft the Hamlet's Ghost, the history of which vessel ought to be ; ? ? M.M. ? ? J ? ? J 1. _ 1- ? 1 ? 4 1 ? 1 ? J I written some a&y; ; ana ne nas i&st; oeen neara of at Cleveland Bay. A warrant is out for his apprehension, and troopers have been des patched overland from Port Denison to secure -bim, if possible, before be makes his descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed to notice the Count as he deserved when be was in Brisbane, but should he visit us again, with the order which the Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer on him on bis breast, and Mr. Seymour's decorations at bis wrist, we shall endeavor to make amends tor our former fieglect of Son Altesse. A correspondent of the Courier savs — ' Spry has sold all his interest out of - the celebrated Curtis claim ; tbe shareholders number seven — Dr. Byrne, Messrs. H. Morwitch T. Perkins, Buckland (manager of tbe Bank of New South Wales), Ainge$ Birr, and Pockley. The ground, in my opinion, and in that of other persons more likely to know than myself, is very valuable and worth a contest, Oh Tuesday, the 18th August, a total eclipse of the: sun will take place, visible in this colony, commencing at 12-30 and lasting till 5 30. Of this, Professor Ellery, of tbe Mel bourne Observatory, says : — ' It will be re markable for the length of totality, which will be longer than that of any previously re corded, the only ones to be compared with it being that which was said to have pnt a stop to a battle between tbe Medesjand Lydians, and was known as the Eclipse -if Tholes, and -took place 28th May;' 585 b c. ; and another in - 1435, on 17th June, .which was. known in Scotland at ' The Black Hear.' Stbavqs things (says tbe Nashville Times) happen on goldflelds. A few days a go, whilst two gentlemen were visiting the burial gronnd, with a view of ascertaining in what state it was conserved, tbey observed a man digging a grave, and naturally inquired who was to be buried there. ' Well, gentlemen, I do not know,' says the digger* 'f-but I wanted a job, and so some man told me to dig a grave to be ready for the next person that died.' We have heard, of undertakers having a large number of coffinfcn stock, but, except in cases of plague, it is somewhat unusual to have a stock of ready sunk graves. There is nothing like being prepare^ for an emergency. In the Sapreme Court Brisbane, on Monday, August 10, before His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche, the case of Cooper v. the Queens-, land Guardian , for having published certain alleged false, scandalous, and malicious libels concerning the plaintiff, in vghich the damages, £3,000, was heard. Tbe Courier says : — Mr. Blake (instructed by Mr. Garrick) appeared for tbe plaintiff, and the Attorney-General and Mr. Lilley (instructed by Mr. Murphy) appeared for the defence. Upon the application of the . Attorney General, the special jury of twelve summoued to try this case was discharged. The Attorney- General said that the matter, had been compromised by arrangement between the parties to the suit, apon the defendants undertaking to make the plaintiffs a public apology in open Court for the publication of the libels complained of, and agreeing a pay him £100, and £50 for costs, together with the amount cf taxed costs, under a rule of Court of 22nd June last. The amount of damages, costs, and taxed costs, amounted to £216 16s. 6d., which bad been paid in full, and tbe ODly thing that remained was for bim to make the : apology which had been left him to do under 1 the terms of the agreement. Therefore, on be half of the defendants, the proprietors of tbe 1 late Guardian newspaper, be assured the plaintiff that it was far from their desire that the matter complained of shnald have ever found place in the columns of their paper, and that the same was inserted without their know- : ledge or sanction, and that it was far from the purpose or wish of tbe proprietors to make their organ an instrument for attacking the good fame of the plaintiff, or any man, and they de sired now publicly to express their regret that the letters or libels complained of should have been published. Tbe defendants also regretted the pain and annoyance which the publication of the letters had caused the plaintiff, and they desired to offer the most ample apology for such publication. In justice to Mr. Cooper he might add that when be conferred upon him the tem porary appointment of Crown Prosecutor be felt perfectly justified in so doing, from what he bad known of bis conduct during bis residence in the colony. Mr. Blake said that as counsel for the plaintiff he might state that Mr. Cooper's only object in taking the proceedings he had done was to vin dicate his character, and that tbat end having been attained, he was perfectly satisfied with the apology given by the Attorney-General. He might say for himself tbat he had known Mr. Cooper for a long time in New South Wales when they were both members of the Legis lative Assembly of that colony, and he had known him ever since, and had never beard any imputations cast upon him damaging to his character. His Honor said tbat the case had had a very satisfactory termination, and that be thought the conduct of the defendants very creditable to them. The Courier says, ' The Jimna escort, in charge of Sub-Inspector Lloyd, arrived in Bris bane on Saturday afternoon ; the amount of gold brought down is only 104 ozs. 8dwts. 5 grs. It appears that there is plenty of gold in the handB of the diggers, but as it is of superior quality and the price offered — £3 7s. per ounce — is not considered a fair one, they decline to part with it. The escort started from Jimna at 6 o'clock on Thursday morning, and travelled by way of Kilcoy, Wivenhoe, and Ipswich. The road is in a very bad condition, and a great deal worse than the other which appears to be tolerable On the first day the escort rode thirty miles, on the second, thirty-eight, and the rest of the journey, abont forty-eight miles, on the third day. It is reported that some of the diggers have averaged £8 or £10 per man weekly, but the gullies are now nearly all worked out. Deep sinking on the ridges has commenced, but up to the present time there has been no sign of '? bottom.' A branch bank is very much required at Jimna. No gold was left at Ipswich.' Intelligence has been received by last mail that the Queen has granted annuities of £40 each to the mother and wife of Mr. Vial, in recognition of that gentleman's bravery on tbe occasion of tbe attack upon H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh. Yabbeb Gold-fields has been appointed to be a place at which Courts of Petty Sessions are to be held, and Wm. Townley, Esq., Gold Commissioner of that place, is appointed Acting Magistrate and Clerk of Petty Sessions of the same. ?- Mcbdeb of the South Sea Islandebs. — The following further particulars relative to tbe marder of the two unfortunate Polynesian la borers have been furnished by Mr. Hall Scott. We copy from the Port Denison Times : — ' It is my painful duty to inform you that two Polynesian laborers bave been murdered by the blacks upon this station. I happened to get to : tbe hut about a quarter of an hour after it hap pened ; it is situated six miles from the bead station. I found Lewie dreadfully wounded, but not dead. He told me the native blacks, about fifteen in number, attacked himself and the other boy Killkill in tbe hut after dinner. When be saw he could not escape, he Bat down as a token of submission, but it had no effect ; he received four spear wounds and one dreadful cut above the right temple, as well as several others in the head. I had him conveyed to tbe head station, where he died next day. The boy Killkill I could not find at first. Lawie said he must be dead. He was found in the evening in a small nut at a little distance. He was not dead, bnt in a pitiable state. I sent men to carry him home. He asked for a drink ; they gave him a little spirits and water, and he afterwards died in their armB.' The accounts (says the Rockhampton Bub ' letin) received in Victoria from the Queensland gold-fields are . producing their effect not enly on miners and farmers — the commercial classes are now beginning to feel tbeir way to opening a trade with Queensland. There are rumors of steamers being put on to open a direct trade j between Melbourne and Northern Queensland. The names of tbe. steamers ' Royal Shepherd,' and ' Go-ahead,' are mentioned as being ready to start from Melbourne. On Tuesday last Mr. Walsh gave notice in the Assembly that he would move,—' That a select committee be appointed, with power to send for persons and papers, and to sit during any adjournoient of. this House, for the pur pose of taking evidence and bringing up a report relative to tbe working of tbe Gold-fields Act.and Regulations, and of tbe revenue and expenses arising therefrom. Such committee to consist of Messrs. Lamb, Pugh, Douglas, Arcber and the mover.' Supbeme Cqbbt, Brisbane, — In Equity Jurisdiction, before his Honor the Chief Justice. Wednesday, August 12 — Glad well v. Gbeat HFIAT1:— This WAR ah annlinat.inn mart** hv TW» Blake, instructed by Mr. Macnisb, on behalf of Frederick William Gladwell, for a decree direct ing Robert Greathead to do certain things. From the bill of complaint filed by the plaintiff and the affidavits upon which the. application was based, it appeared that the plaintiff and the defendant had for oome years been carrying on business in copartnership as timber merchants and sugar manufacturers, under the style and title of Gladwell and Greathead, of Marybo rough. An arrangement for the dissolution of the co-partnership having been entered into on October j14, 1867i the defendant wrote to the plaintiff offering him the choice of either the sugar milir property or the Union ;8aw Mill; and air'town jiropernes belonging 'to the firm, oh the following conditions That whoever took the latter should pay off the overdraft at the Joint Stock Bank, and all other liabilities incurred previous to September 12, 1867, ex cept certaio wages, and whoever took th former should receive the whole of the proceeds of sugar manufactured, or to be manufactured that season, and sundry other things, and should take the encumbrance then existing on the property in the shape of a mort gage to Messrs. Weedons, 'with all interest due on it from September 12, 1867. The plaintiff replied to that letter, accepting tbe Union Saw Mill and town properties as his share of the business, on the terms stated, and he considered that those letters constituted a valid contract ot sale by tbe defendant to bim of the lands, premises, and other properties alluded to in his letter of October 14. On October 17, 1867, tbe defendant wrote to tbe plaintiff, informing him he had altogether with drawn the propositions he had made in refer ence to a separation and division of the property of the firm. Since his refusal to carry out the contract, the defendant had been collecting and receiving debts and moneys dae to the co« -- i partnership in the timber trade, which, by I nature of the agreement of October 14, belonged to the plaintiff. The nlaihtiff therefore nrnved tbat a decree of the Court might issue directing that the partnership might be dissolved ; that the agreement of October 14, 1867, should be specifically performed ; that the defendant should transfer and convey to the plaintiff the several parcels of land mentioned in the notice of motion ; that the plaintiff should be at liberty to receive and collect the book-debts dne to the firm and relating to the saw-mills on I October 14, and that he should be a liberty to use the defendant's name in receiving them. Decree accordingly. — The case of Lawrence v. Spry. Monster Nagget claim again was, by | consent, allowed to stand over nntil Monday next. _ ? * 