DEPARTURE OF SIR G. F. BOWEN. (From the Guardian.) His Excellency Sir George Ferguson Bowen, late Governor of the colony, took his departure from Bris- bane on Saturday last. During the day the notice- able bustle which pervaded the city showed that, to our citizens, the event was by no means devoid of interest. The passage to and fro of well-appointed and showy carriages served to remind the pulic that his Excellency and Lady Bowen were taking their final farewell of the colonists; and, towards the hour of 2 o'clock, the hurrying of the Volunteers to their rendezrous was a proof that our citizen-soldiers did not intend to allow one of their most promninent and valued friends to depart from these shores without rendering to him a public token of their respect. The Volunteer force was under arms in the Treasury Yard at about 2 o'clock: the Artillery and both companies of Rifles mustered strongly. After the usual inspec- tion of arms had been made and a short drill gone through, the Volunteer Rifles marched down George and Alice streets to the Botanic Gardens, where an ornamental arch composed of branches, flags, and flowers had been erected, and a temporary platform on the river bank. The arch bore the following motto: " Sir George Bowen, first Governor of Queensland: success attend you and yours." A detachment of the 50th Regiment, and the Volunteers formed a guard of honour, under the com- mand of Ensign Hunt. The ceremony preceding the final departure of the Vice-regal party from Govern- ment House commenced at 2 o'clock, at which hour Sir George and Lady Bowen commenced to receive those citizens who desired to bid farewell to them. About three hundred persons took advantage of the opportunity, and the reception closed at a quarter to 3\. At about 3 o'clock his Excellency Sir George Bowen, Lady Bowen and family, and a large number of their personal friends arrived from Government House at the place of departure, where the steamer Platypus was lying in readiness to convey the Vice- regal party to the Bay to meet the steamer City of Brisbane, bound for Sydney. Amongst the ladies and gentlemen who accompanied his Excellency to the steamer we noticed Colonel O'Connell and Mrs. O'Connell, the Chief Justice and Mrs. Cockle, Bishop Tufnell and Mrs. Tufnell, Bishop Quinn, the Colonial Treasurer, the Attorney-General, several members of both branches of the legislature, and a large number of ladies and gentlemen. There could not have been less than 2,000 persons present at the place of em- barkation, and in the gardens adjacent. The banks of the river was lined with spectators. Lady Bowan was very deeply affected, and her ev-i dent sorrow at her departure from the colony, met with much sympathy amongst the spectators. As the Vice-regal party passed, the guard of honour pre- sented arms in Royal salute, and the band struck up the National Anthem. As his Excellency embarked the elctators broke out is loud cheering, the Volun- teer force also, disregarding for the nonce military rule, effectually silenced by their hearty hurrahs the feeble manifestations of dislike towards his Excellency \-- with the worst possible taste- indulged in by a few persons. We observed also that the soldiers were ready to cheer their farewell; and they would, evi- dently, have been very glad of an excuse to break through military etiquette by cheering in the ranks. The Platypus left the Gardens shortly after three o'clock, and as she passed the battery at the Queen's Park a salute of seventeen guns was fired. She then steamed slowly- very slowly-down the river, num- bers of people on either bank cheering and waving their handkerchiefs as the vessel passed. On reaching the A.S.N. Company's wharf, the employees of the company gave three loud cheers for the vice-regal party; and the Ipswilh, which was handsomely decorated with flags, left the wharf and steamed slowly in the warke of the P'latypus. On the latter vessel gettiig abreast of the Q.S.N. Company, more cheering and waving of handkerchiefs took place, and the Emu, which was gaily decked with flags, joined company, and slowly steamed along. As the steamers passed the different vessels in the stream salutes were fired, and their crews loudly cheered. On the steamers pass- ing Mr. Gibbon's paddock near Bulimba, the children attending the Catholic Orphan School, who had been collected there for the purpose, raised their small voices and tiny handkerchiefs, and cheered until they were hoarse. The Hon. G. Harris's yacht, the Ham- let's Ghost, also handsomely decorated, was moored in the streamn opposite to Newstead, the residence of \------------------------------------------------- His Excellency, with his eldest child by the hand, led the way. He was very pale, and seemed to be not altogether un- moved by the occasion. The hon. Colonel O'Connell followed next with Lady Bowen. The poor lady seeme utterly over- whelmed with emotion at parting from the home and friends of the last eight years. She never raised her head the whole way through the gardens. sobbed bittery, and was scarsely able to walk. On reaching the jetty she fairly broke down, and had to be almost carried into the cabin of the steamer.-Ccurier \---------------------------------------- her owner, the crew giving a hearty cheer. In the meantime the City of Brisbane, which left the A.S.N. Company's wharf about a quarter of an hour after the Platypuse had passed, went by, her decks being crowded with visitors and others who loudly cheered. She went quickly ahead, and was moored to the Winter- thur, which vessel is lying at Eagle Farm Flats; and about an hour afterwards the steamer which conveyed the vice-regal party arrived alongside, when more cheering took place. The little flotilla was here joined by the steamers Nowra and Emma, with the whole of Messrs. J. and G. Harris's employees, with their wives and familioes on board, who joined in the general cheering. Sir George and Lady Bowen and family then went on board the City of Brisbane, when re- newed cheering took place, Sir George Bowen respond- ing by waving his hat from the paddle-box. Lady Bowen still appeared to be very much affected, and seemed to be scarcely able to bid farewell to the lady friends who had accompanied her. The City of Bris- bane then steamed away amid continued cheering and the firing of guns. The Platypus then returned to town, reaching the Botanic Gardens, shortly after 7 o'clock, where another salute was fired. Immediately after the arrival of the steamer, his Excellency, Colonel O'Connell, accompanied by the whole of the passengers by the steamer, proceeded to Government House, the rooms of which were all crammed. The ceremony of swearing in was then performed by his Honour Chief Justice Cockle, assisted by his Honour Mr. Justice Lutwyche, and, at its con- clusion his Excellency, who appeared to be cordially welcomed to his new dignity by every individual pre- sent, called for three cheers for the Queen, which were loyally given. Three cheers were then demanded for his Excellency, and they were given vociferously, as was also one for Mrs. O'Connell. This concluded the proceedinge, and the visitors separated. 