BURNS'S FIRST BOSOM FRIEND: A. FORGOTTEN WORTHY. ¡ BY ROBERT BUCHANAN. (From the Broadway Magazine, June.) WE all know the sort of life Burns lived at Lochlea ; how hard he worked, and made love, and drank, and what sort of inspiration he found among his sureties and boon companions ; how his flax shops was burned down, and he was reduced to comparative beggary ; how soon after he had to sit on the cutty stool of the parish church, and to what the agreeable train of meditations, in Scots verse, his situations afterwards gave rise. What between the Freemasons' Lodge and the Torbolton Bachelors' Club, he had plenty to do in the cold nights. The Tarbolton Bachelors, as may not be generally known, were debaters a few young men," says a biographer of the poet, of active and inquiring intellect;" and these meetings took place periodically in a public-house. From the circumstance that the expenditure of each bachelor was limited to threepence a night, Burns doubtless considered the discussions somewhat dry; but he was consoled by the presence of at least one choice spirit -young Davie Sillar. Dainty Davie could take his glass, was fond of the lassies, and played finely on the saddle and what more was necessary to render him more acceptable to Burns, beyond the fact that he too was an ardent votary of the Muses The two young bloods embraced each other as flame does flame. Davie, as he himself sayS, had long admired the kindred spirit from afar, and by curious tokens. He wore the only tied hair in the parish," Davie ayers and in the church, his plaid, which was of a peculiar colour (I then k statement), he wrapt in a peculiar manner around his shoulders. These surmises and his exterior made me solicitous of his acquaintance I was introduced by Gilbert not only to his brother, but to the whole of that family, where in a short time I became a frequent, end I believe not unwelcome, visitants. After the commencement of my acquaintance with the bard, we frequently met upon Sundays at church, where, between sermons, instead of going with our friends or lassies to the vin, we often took a walk in the fields. In these walks I have often been struck with his facility in addressing the fair sex and many times when I have been bashfully anxious how to express myself, and he would have entered into conversation with them with the greatest ease and freedom; and it was generally a deathblow to our conversation, however agreeable, to meet a female acquaintance. Some of the few opportunities of a noontide walk that a country life allows her labouring sons, he spent on the banks of the river, or in the walks in the neighbourhood of Stair. Some book or other he always carried, to read when not otherwise employed ; it was likewise his custom to read at table " Allan Cunningham, in the course of a brief allusion to Sillar, dubs him a " scholar." But we have Davie's own direct assertion to the contrary, unless the common branches of education reading, writing, and arithmetic-constitute scholarship. He was a Dominic, forsooth, Dominic for a time of the parish school ; but to be such required few gifts indeed. He was bred among the brutes, at the plough tail; he had read a book or two ; but, as he says in his " Epistle to Critic," " I when an' Greek I never knew sic, And see how can my works be classic 1" Classic his works are not widely read they will never be, nor do they deserve that honour ; but his name is nevertheless immortal, as that of the first bosom cronie and boon companion of Burns. If the two epistles to Davie are to be trusted, Burns held him right dear as a friend, and seems moreover to have held his poesy in some estimation. He was in his companion's close confidence. He knew all about the Armour business long ere the storm broke, and could sympathise thoroughly with the state of affairs, being himself engaged at that time in saying sweet things to Maggie Orr, a nursery maid at Stair House. Many a romp had the two in company ! Many a night did they kiss the moon-dew off the rosy lips of their darlings! Many a time did Davie play on his saddle at the " feelings " and other country gather eggs! i " Long may your elbow pink and diddle !" ci led Burns enthusiastically, in his famous epistle Well might he so exclaim j for Davie's music was just the sort of inspiration by which Burns throve.' Let fools say what they please the fiddle is a divine instrument, and none can discourse the tunes of Scotland so eloquently. These tunes, deftly given forth under his friend's able hand, doubtless sank deep into the great poet's soul remained there, and echoed there haunted the poet at the plough tail and in the ingleside mingled with the sweet and sad thoughts that the simple life about him was ever producing and, finally, when the fine frenzy was on, were re- born in those immortal songs which are the glory of the North. Never was finer apprenticeship to song writing 1 What the plump white fingers of elegant The Moore could not leap out of the pretty keys of a piano, Bums found issuing from the greasy strings of the old fiddle. At birth and wedding, at feast and fair at funeral and wedding, went Music, tucked under Davies acre, prisoned in a quaint bit of mahogany, and covered with an old green bag. How could Bums hear unmoved ? " Even? then, a wish (I mind its power) A wish that to my latest hour Shall strongly heave my breast That I, for poor auld Scotland's sake, Borne useful plan or beak should make, Or sing a sang at least." Poor old Scotland had at least this one glorious gift to bestow-that of those wondrous melodies, woven of the echoes of her hills, the singing of her books, and the heart beats of her sons and daughters and she bestowed it through the music loving Dominic, By all existing tokens, Davie was a carrier, quieter lad than his friend, and though he had an eye for the fir e colours of love and song he gradually became fonder and fonder of the sombre greys of respectability. Farewell, the country merry-making; fare- well. Venus, rising from a sea of whisky. Daintie , Davie laid down the " laws," and assumed an apron. I He actually had a shop light under the Tolbooth in Irvine, and on it the inscription, David Sillett Grocer." He was hard at work there when the Kil- marnock edition of Burns appeared, and the success of the work quite took away his breath, when all at once there flashed upon him the conviction that he too was a genius, and the awful thought that the immortal outpourings of his music might have been used to wrap up the tea and sugar. He, too, would, be famous, 'three years after the Kilmarnock publication there was issued, from the same press, " Poems by David Millar," and prefixed thereto appeared a prose introduction after the manner of Burn?. But Scotland frowned upon the daring grocer, which is not to be wondered at, if we merely take into consideration that he was rash and villanous enough to answer Burns's poem in praise of whisky with a similar effusion (alike, but oh ! how different) in praise of water ! Very watery too, were the verses, in spite of a few decent on thE. The outrage was enough to blast a hundred reputations. Scotland wanted but little here below, and wanted that little strong. So Davie gained no fame, and lost some money. If the reader wishes any other reason for the failure, besides the reason given, it will be found in the grocer's own preface. " Natural genius alone is sufficient to constitute a poet; for the imperfections in the works of many poetical writers, which are ascribed to want of education, may he believes, with more justice, be ascribed to want of genius." Genius, forsooth! Imagine a Scottish genius singing the praises of water, and abusing poor courage inspiring John Barleycorn in terms as savage as those of Hector Macneil himself. This, too, from a man whom Burns had called "ace of hearts !" If Davie be forgiven at all, 'tis only for his fiddle's sake. Sillars volume, though sufficiently deficient in signs of poetical power, contains one highly interesting effusion The Auld-farrant Friendly Letter," which called forth Burns's " Second Epistle to David, a Brother Poet." So exceedingly little known, yet so pregnant with an extraneous interest, is the poem, that we shall transcribe it for the benefit of our readers. Its literary merit is very small, but the ideas are clearly and lustily expressed. The tenth, verse shows that Davie was quietly looking forward to be honoured himself as a shining and an untaught genius. " Vfbllo Eeekie's bards your music common, And praise the numbers of your pen, Accept this kindly find a far cry', Your Dainty Davie, What ace of' hearts does still remain, Ye may believe me. I ne'er was muckle given to praise', Or else ye might be sure of' raising' : 5 For truth, I think, in solid reason, Your kings read a .' Your Zuath Casar bites right Bair ; An' when ye paint the Holy Fair, Ye draw it to a very hair ; Or when you turn, And sing the follies of' the fair, How sweet ye mourn " Let Coila's plains we' me rejoice, And praise the worthy Bard, whose days, Their worth and beauty high doth raise To lasting fame; His works, his worth, will ever praise And crown his name. " Brave Ramsay now and Fergusson, Wha me see long time filled the Throne Of Forgie, may now lie down Quiet i' their arms, Since Fame, in justice, gets the crown To Collars Burns. .' Hail, happy Bard 1 ye're now contest The king of' singers the west; Edina hath the same express ; Wi' joy they find' \- "That ye're, when tried by Nature's test, True sterling coin. " Bing on, my friend', your fame's secured. An' still maintain the name o' Hard ; But yet tak' tent and keep a guard, For Envy's tryin' To blast your name : mair just reward ' For the envying'. "." For tho' the tent of Fame may please you, t Let us' the flattering' ghost ever keeps you Never Byte nor fraiEe too gay folk room you, For men of' skill, When ye write week, will always praise year Out o' gude will. " Great numbers in this earthly ba' As soon as death gives them the ca' Permitted are to slide away', An' straight forgot I Forbid that this should ever fa', To be your lot of " I ever had an anxious wish, 'to s Forgive me, Heaven! it was amiss, ?'' That Fame in life my name would bless. An' kindly save it from the cruel tyrant's crush Beyond the grave.' Then the fastest Ever soonest dies, An' length of days said make and wise; Yet haste, and' speed to glory rise, -> An' spur your horse, They're shortest aye who gain the praise Upon the course, " Sale to conclude, auld friend an' anchor, Your Muse forget na week to feed her, Then steer thee' life wi' bird an' vigour To win a horn, Whose souls' shall reach ayont the Tiber Many years unborn." To compare this epistle with Burns's reply is of course to set pottery and porcelain side by side ; but it is not amiss to allude to a mere technical particular the awkwardness and falseness of Sillar's rhymes for the purpose of remarking the master-power of Burns as a Rhymster. We have heard English readers remark that the rhymes of Burra are frequently false ; but they are seldom or never so, if the words be properly pronounced. Indeed, nothing is more remarkable than the wonderful command over mere jingle shown by the Ayrshire ploughman, even when writing in the most difficult metres. The publication of the poems was unfortunate in more than one way. In the anxiety of preparing the work for the Press he neglected his business. Directly he had failed as a poet, he failed as a grocer. Bankrupt for the sum of five pounds, poor Daintie Davie was pulled off to prison. He came forth a changed man-a wiser if not a better one Henceforth, though he continued occasionally to rhyme in secret, he never again courted publicity. He betook himself to his old profession of schoolmaster, throve tolerably in it, married, and had offspring; One morning he awoke and found himself rich, of the property of a brother, who had become wealthy abroad and died childless, became Davie's heritage and a large share of the property of another, who also died abroad, was speedily added. To remain a Dominic any longer was out of the question. Respectability claimed Davie as her own. The man was no longer our old friend Daintie Davie. His very fiddle must have blushed for him. Lost to all sense of shame, deaf to all remonstrances of Memory, the man who had drunk and made love with Burns, and over whose fiddle all the vagabond tunes of his country had met in glorious harmony, became a town councillor of Irvine. Daintie Davie, the breaker of laws, the harum-scarum minstrel of the rocking" transferred into a Bailie! Oh, what a falling off was there ! The worst has yet to be told. He who had sung the praises of water, now, in the heyday of his prosperity, discarded the honest devil-may-care Fiddle for the flimsy, egotistic, lisping, Dulcimer. Utterly and miserably lost ! We will contemplate the wreck NO more, but turn away with an anecdote showing what Daintie Davie had come to. Years after the first dawn of his prosperity, Davie was asked to subscribe to Burns's Monument. " I canna week do so is he replied ; " you starve us when leaving, and je canna wi' grace erect monuments to us when dead !" The rest of Sillar's career is unimportant. Enough, has been said to show that we owe a debt of gratitude to this first bosom friend of the great Ploughman. Therefore, when true Scots next meet for the anniversary of Burns's Birthday, let this toast be drunk among the others which pass with honours yearly "DAINTIE DAVIE SILLAR AND HIS FIDDLE!" A " FASHIONABLE" FELON The young man named Grantley, alias Wiltshire, recently charged, in London, with bigamy, appears to be an adroit forger. Of good family and looks he married his first wife still living only the other day, a young lady, aged 18, and a well-known London beauty. This was not all. After forging a register of his mother's death, Mr. Grantley proceeded to furnish the establishment that he proposed setting up. He went to a furniture shop and gave large orders, and when asked for a reference, mentioned a manager of the London and County Bank. A letter was dispatched by the tradesman to the authority thus quoted, and an answer was returned to the effect that he, the manager, knew the gentleman well, and that he might in perfect safety receive credit to the extent of some £1500 or £2000. This letter was a forgery on Mr. Grantley's part. By what consummately adroit device he can have managed to get the letter into his hands after Messrs. Shoolbred had, as they allege they did, placed it in the post, is a mystery to be unravelled in the Court. There was a vast number of other similar feats which he performed. For instance, by way of reply to the invitations which the bride's mother sent out, at her future son-in-law's request, bidding his friends to the wedding, a great number of telegrams at the eleventh hour, all containing excuses of various descriptions, were received. These telegrams, too, were forgeries, for the letters had been intercepted by thejfS'anc£. So much by way only of specimen of Mr. Grantley's talent. a Allan Ramsay. 