TIGER HUNTING IN MADRAS.' (From the Muaras'Junes, March 5.) ? Ai-ABTvns noWiiin pursuit of a mighty robber of I human life, at present, in possession of the Nunall ; Pace, who is reported to have devoured eighty people. On the morning of the arrival of this party, containing four guns in' all, a man rushed to say, that the tiger had just carried off a victim. At that moment, the party were five miles distant from the grant. They ordered of! their four elephants sharp, and cantered , after them, allowing them an hour's start. This was after a forty miles' march over night, so the sportsmen were scarcely in a humour for the tiger. They went up the Pass, left the road, and followed the robber to his den, and then found remains of what had been a man alive and well but two hours before. They beat all about for " tiger " though the beaters were very re- luctant, but they failed to see him, as the jungle was very thick, with high trees and thorny bushes. They had then to leave the ghana about 6 p.m., without success. They again beat all the following day. It was somewhat exciting, as this monster might have appeared on the scene, at any moment, from behind any rock. But the tiger did not show. It appears that the creature has had full possession of this Pass, and when known to be there, the people only passed at certain hours of the day, in large numbers, and with great outcries, and sometimes, there was no traffic for days. As the party turned to leave the giant, one of them met with a serious accident, a sodawater bottle breaking in his hand, and cutting him desperately. His companions were obliged to apply a tourniquet as best they could, as he fainted two or three times, from loss of blood. Whilst laying him under a tree, there was a tremendous outcry up the ghost and a lot of brandies came trooping past, the bandy drivers of which said that the tiger had just tried to carry off one of their number, on the other side of the shaft, but had failed, the man having ducked and tiger jumping over the sandy and only clawing the terrified driver, The beating has resulted in the monster's being driven away, for the time being. The party resolve not to let him rest if they can help it,.. but to find a tiger among those great hills is no easy matter. In the meantime they were occupied with other tigers, comparatively wild animals, which live on buffaloes, Kc, They have killed three of these in the four days. r¡ ) ' . ji SHOI.6.-Shoes are ancient things." They havebeeri1 made of gold, silver, brass, and 61 iron off the bark of trees, or linen, and pt silks Before the Christian era the Roman magistrate had his feet decked put it shoes of flaming red, and the lady of high rank wore white slippers! glistening with precious stones.' The old Puritan captain, Miles Standish, wore his boots of ' Cordova leather A- when he marched out with his ! , ' t . -" Invincible army, , , , Twelve men, all equipped" The Swiss shepherdess, watching her dock at the foot of some Alpine mountain, wears still her wooden clogs; and the weary pilgrim performs his toilsome journey to the Prophet s tomb with sandalled feet. j Sheeran clad in camel's four in the wilderness was not worthy to loose the latch key in the Saviour's shoes and the great Apostle beatitilullyexherts the Ephesian' Church to have their feet " shod with the preparation of the ROSsel of peace," 