New South Wales. THE ABORIGINAL MODB OP DISPOS INO OF O'FAURELL. The Sydney Empire, speaking of the attempt to assassinate Prince Alfred, says :— ' Within two or three hundred yards of the spot on which the Prince was shot, but separated by a rocky wooded hill, was assembled the largest number of aboriginal blacks ever seen in the neighbourhood of Sydney by the present generation of colonists. Men, women, and children, they numbered about 300. Many of the children and some ol the grown-up folks were half castes, and some who were the children ot half- castes had skins as white as Europeans. They were provided with abundance of refreshments. The oamp of the blacks was visited by a large number of persons during the day, and preparations were making for holding1 a corroboree when the dreadful news that the Prince was shot readied the place. The excitement and anger o the aborigines ware aB great, and more Etrongly expressed, than thoBe of their white visitors ; for upon learning that the assassin had not been summarily lynched on the spot, they asked for his body for the purpose of ' roasting him.' ' MUNIFICENT DONATION TO THE FRINOB ALFRED HOSPITAL FUND. The Sydney Morning Herald ot the 26th nit. has the following :—' At the meeting of the Prinou Alfred Hospital Committee, yesterday, the splendid donation of £1,000 was announced as the contribution of the Messrs. Dangar Brothers, squatters. This will swell the sum raised within the last four days to upwards of £5,000, whioh is the more remarkable that subscription lists have not yet bsen issued, and the com mittee, which was only constituted on Monday last, have not yet begun to collect donations. The mail, therefore, which takes home the shocking intel ligenoe of the attempt on the lite of the Duke of Edinburgh will at the same time oonvey to its English readers the most convincing proof ol onr gratitude, when they hear that this splendid liberality has been evoked by the happy intelligence of the Pnaoe's recovery.' THE OAP BANGE MUBDEKS, The ' Gap Range Murders,' as they are called, seem to furnish an it.exh.au8 theme for the local press From the fol lowing it will be seen that the topic has stimulated the imagination of the ' Tass Courier.'—' Superstition has planted a ghost at the scene of this fearful tragedy. We mentioned in our last issue that the house in which the murders were com mitted had been abandoned, and that the man who had taken charge of Conroy's sheep had located himself in the detached building from which vlrsConroy emerged on. the fatal night, only to meet the same doom as her husband and others. Since then it would appear that some persons bad temporarily taken up their abode in the main building, and on the first night of their sleeping there a baud described as heavy as that of a human creature passed over their bodies while they lay n bed. On the second night, by the light of the tiro which we have referred to as burning all night, in the place where the ohepnerd slept, a figure dressed in black was seen in the room where the murders were perpetrated. The super stitious may probably suppose that it was That figure clothed from head to foot, Which keeps tlie keys of all the creeds. However, ono thing is certaiu, that so alarmed were all those at the farm house, temporary sojourners and the shepherd, that they have abandoned the place, aud have pitched their camp on the bank of the creek. The prisoner Munday con tinues to exhibit no remorse, aud is seem ingly quite rational on the subject of his past atrocious career The medical officer of the gaol, Dr O'Connor, is perfectly satisfied as to the culprit's sanity ; but we suppose that when he is put upon his trial, the jury will be direoted to tako evidence as to his ability to plead.' 