AGRICULTURE. :The promotion of agricultural" pursuits is incumbent both upon, the State and the industrial members of the body politic. The prosperity. of a "country>ises ori falls iin .proportion asf tins .industry is fostered J or neglected, nation can be really [prosperous irithoutit.^'"Victoria is no es ■ ceptioh' to '"the. /rule;;!Gold-mimn'g and commerce each ihay/cbntfibute'their quota, but they tvoiiiijnptisfjrthenisiclves 'ndvaucc Yictoriiu'-sEvery. interest in reality lis sub servient to -the'* labor of the- agriculturist. Hence.^Succt^''to'the plough'.'.is one of thi?ti^;'S^V'K'hi^li%>uld be drank' by-a lover^oif^y'^tiiiiitryl'^ The triitli 'of this doctrine' is generally admitted, but, like maiiy other doctrines.involving truths of a high- character, it is not put into: practice. If agriculture forms the basis of a country's prosperity, then something more should, be | doiie'for its' prosperity than liasyet been attempted. We have had our Board of; Agriculture and our local agricultural,- so-: defies, but, judging by results, - these: have failed to meet the wants or advance the in-: tercstS of that class which they • are' sup-i posed to represent. So useless had, the; j Board proved itself to be that it was pto-j posed to let it die a, natural death. Like , the fig tree in the parable, however, another! year's existence was granted in order to see if by preparation any fruit should be found, j thereon at the end of the termif not /it will as certainly he cut down as that'which | cumbered the ground in the- early times.' I Local societies have done much, but' not all. They have accorded their patronage to ploughing matches and have instituted 1 local exhibitions. Good as these may. be, as'incentives to good ploughing and the production of superior articles under the various heads, they fail in some of the most essential points. Something more is wanted. Fanners are, by the very nature of their work, in an isolated position, and have not the means of meeting with each other so often as necessary in order to exchange thoughts and have the benefits of each other's experience. Something of the nature of a Farmer's Club would meet this. By a Farmer's Club we mean some orga nised institution by which farmers could, then meet and more effectually carry out reciprocity of views. If under proper aus pices a building were obtained! oneyportion of which appropriated to the purposes of buying and selling, and another portion devoted to a reading-room and library, ;a medium of advancing agricultural pursuits' would be instituted such as never yet has had a place in Geelongi-The farmer would: not only be in a position to transact busi ness, but to obtain, the: latest information respecting'the state of the markets, and the prospects of.the crops., ;tHe would further be enabled to post, himself up in scientfiic' knowledge from books,Vand thus to help him in working.out-the different problems connected with .the.successful carrying out of liis pursuit iff this varmbledimate. He would meet with those he wished to meet without haying to initiate a hunting expe dition over tlictown-, and- after meeting with his friendsln a social way would leave town for his farni," benefited by the inters course alTorded.__.The establishment [of this kind.-.would,meet the-wants which the efforts, of local sureties, have hitherto failed to meet. 1" And if. carried out practically, j in: conjunction with the " efforts ' hitherto jin Jvoguc! by thenV,' would'do m'nch"to advance the interests' bf.a^culture,' and thereby the interests of. the .country., The idea is" not a new/one;, it'lias.' been i practically; carried out rin: America; and 1 we think in'South AustraUa al^V vritH-benefits which mavlie equally realised here. —Frorii, The. 'JSfeics of Me: Week. . A Bale paper states that: theykeeperj of the' buffet at the railway Stationr'Jcharged Queen -Victoria; andra suite of-thirty'per sons' 7'>0 francs for a' breakfast'"of coffee;" eggs, and cold meat, being at the rate of 23 francs a head.; The Bale-people are very indignant at this extortion, but the restaur ateur would probably justify himself as the English innkeeper did who presented'' George III. with a bill of one guinea for-'a slice of bread and one egg. ' The king, while paying the money, observed' that eggs must be veiy scarce in that part of the country. "No, your Majesty,': was .the reply, " eggs are plentiful: enough, .but kings' visits are rare." • ' Incautious Observers op the Eclipse. —The eclipse, it seems, did not;take place without bequeathing to some o£ its ob servers very undesirable souvenirs. Two cases of " very considerable partial" blind ness, caused by incautiously watching the phenomenon, are reported to us from!the Bellavy District. In both cases the blind ness appears to have been developed very' gradually, and not to have culminated! till some hours after the cclipse- gazers invoked the vengeance of the sun. One instance' is very clearly stated, and may . be interesting to such of our readers as are' skilled in optical science, while it conveys a! caution to all. A Hindoo youth who had: every reason to believe his visual organs perfectly sound, observed the eclipse, in some of its earlier' phases, through a tele-, scope, taking the very insufficient precau tion of partially shading the eye he applied to the glass with his band. He did not feel his vision disturbed in any way at the tune and about an hour after all was over he returned home. After breakfasting, he took up a book and then • fniind 1 w the first . time, that something [was amiss with his eyesight. He could! not distinguish printed words. This optical', aifection increased to such a degree that he became incapable of distinguishing objects, and even after a night's rest his sight had not improved. A medical man'whom'he consulted, discovered no abnormal condi tion 'of-'the eye, but recommended rest in a darkened room as the most likely, resto i-ativfei "This advice was followed, but, we are told, that some fwe'nty:four hours after wards [ no . perceptible improvement had taken place. Our correspondent does not state I whether only one, or both eyes were affected.—Madras Athcnccum, August 28. CoNCEENINO "THE GnE ATE3T Pr.AGUE IN 'LiFE."^-The' ordinary servant girl'is nota~ ;very-elevated creature.,, The education-she possesses is, just, enough:to,enable: her to i read i the very .vilest, trash, and to write as great;' if not- as vile," trash' to 'her'young man; or:men',- as. , the . case' '"may be. j Her moral' education has ' been worse thaiiher intellectual. "The chief,attributes, of-..her character are vulgar .vanity,'Gluttony: of. admiration, and a dread of - ghosts. | Yet she has one redeeming points—she is very fond of dogs and babies; and she shows her fondness by cramming both with the unwholesomest stuff she can, her notion of kindness being to noison them TTm. great ambition is, when she goes ont of a Sunday, to"be mistaken for a lady; to effect -which ends she ought first to make herself dumb, and then invisible. No man can loot at her but she immediately begins to giggle, if, indeed, she waits to bo lookod at, and does not take the initiative by sniggering, which she takes for an expression of modesty. If she is ugly, she buys her young .man, probably a -worthless soldier, who trades upon the only soldier-like thing' about him, his uniform; or, if she is pratty, perhaps her young man buys her gaudy bonnets, and sham jewellery. The more ambitious are sensible enough to know the difference between real and sham millinery, and insist upon having everything just like their nilstress, real lace, real kid- gloves, &o.; This may seem a hard and cruel piature; w® n-lsli it were not a true on*.—Tomahawk. The population in Russia aro at this moment being greatly excited by the preaching of an old Muscovite peasant named Aloxandrovitch, who, after a seclu sion of several years, appeared in the dis trict of Samara, declaring himself a, pro phet. He is now going from place to place announcing the approaching destruction of the Cieseent and the substitution of the Greek Cross for it on the" dome of St. Sophia at- Constantinople. The Russian Government allows every liberty oj action and language to this popular, agitator, who besides does not attack the laws: or the administration in anyway; his doctrines are those, of the old Russian party. A Totjkq Ladx, noted for her affected manners, recently entered the show-room of a fashionable milliner for the purpose of making purchases. On being asked how her mother was, she replied, " She is not very well."—"Ah! what is the matter with her ?"—" She fell down stairs and hurt her courtesy bender."—". Her what ?"— . "Her courtesy bender."—"Courtesy bender! What is that?" inquired the milliner.— 1 "Why, her knee," was ths 