?ENNY R?ADINo.-The first Penny Read ing of the session at tihe Mechanics' Institute attracted a: large audience,- and passed off in good style. The pieces selected weore gene rally appropriate *for such an entertainment, and the instrumental solo, songs, and readings were givera in such a manner as to cause them to 4e well received. A source of great satis faction, too, is the fact that order was main tained amongst that portion of the audience, "some big boys," who are generally inclined to be rowdy on such occasions. In the ab sence of the President, Mr. J. H. Smith occupied the chair, and at the close of the entertainment announced that on Thursday next the Rev. F. Hibberd would deliver a lecture in the Hall, on "Great results from small beginnings," when the price of admis sion would be one penny to the public, mem be?i of the Institute free. The. following is the programme presented on Thursday evening :-Instrumental - Pianoforte solo, Mr. T. Sharp; reading-" The. Hermit," Mr. Leach ; song-" Ne'er was. life's early tran quil dream," Mr. Ohick;i reading---' Early rising," Mr. G.Ijarvey; song-" Thinking of Honme,i" ir. Eldred; reading-" On; the attempted assassination of Bhe Drice of Edinburli," lI. Bennell; song-" Let me like a soldier fall," Mr. Fysh ; reading " Sylvester. Daggerwood," \Mesars. Lilly; Peters, and' Horno-;- duet-"The Gipsey .Countess,"' Mr,.anddMiss Wadham; .reading -"Paudeen O'Rafferty's say voyage," Mr. H. Button; song-!' The Bay of Biscay," Mr. Johnson; reading-" John Smith r spins; a yarn with his Royal Highness," Mr. Wathen; God Save the Queen, audience. RICHMOND RAces.-T'lhero races were held on Thursday, when the attendance' was far iinder -that of previous years. The weather was very unfavorable, there being frequent ahotyers of rain during the day. The Maiden Plate was won by Mr. C. Kearney's Lady Aund. lay, beating Archer, Busy Bee, Faugh.a. Ballagh, and Lady Washington ; Mr. A. Kearney's Amabalis pulled off the Hurdle "Race against Tomahawk and Banker ; the Town Plato was a walk over to Mr. Austin'p Phanton ; and the same gelding carried off the Publicans' Purse, heading View Hallo, I am Hero, and 'Archer. The 'Mercury states that Mr. D. Smith's I am Here was to walk past the post yesterday, to entitle his ownPr to the sum of £100 in a match made with Mr. Blackwell's horse Prince at the last Hobart Town races, and which- horse has since died. RAVENSWOob"' WEIscYAN' C Humno AND SCaooL.--The opening-stervices in connection with the above' will' hbehield''to-morrow after. noon and evening,-thb Rev. G. T. Hayward preaching on th6 foimer occasion. On Tues day evening, at half.past six o'clock, a publia team.'teeting -'will be held 'in the hLw building, iafter which .addresses willl ;be Idelivered' by several ministers and friends; Admission to tea meeting, is Od...,-It; is anticipated that there will be a large attend ance of friends from Launceston on each doosa sion, and the fact that the moon is almost at full, and the weather fine, will doubtless in duce many to visit Ravenswood, .whieb is situate within'easy walking distance of Laoon cesto. ,. AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL PRnoIDENT SOOcETY. -The 19th annual meeting was held 'at Syd 'ney on 22nd nit., G. King, Esq., in the chair. Thepresent fonda and effects of the Society 'amount to' £484,500 4s; d:, and the new business during the past year. amounted 'to £23;040 14s 3d THE? ? xMcuoaN BAmONwoYo.--It Is said that the Tich'borne case wilt come on for.trial ioEngland abouaJuneor July , ~, .. i ,;TnH SwAiit EaNDANKemNeT,-We :would .oall.the attentionoof those, ipterested to the fact,, that: the -,embankment on the. Swamp running parallel with the Queen's -Wharf has lately been :trespassed upon; by a , number of cattle, which escape from a' paddock., onthe southern aide of the bank .,, If this be allowed to continue,,more damage will be ,done to this important work in a;few days. thon 'cold:be .remedied' in asimany ieeke ;'while .the- con sequenoes might .be eorioun·in .the ,event of a floodw p . ' ,?,lioamo .s?ee .ar zio.-The seoond quar terly lioensing meeting .,will, be held - at.:the Ooart Hours vn Moadn?y, at tl1 . n ..... FINOAL QUAIITz7 CnLUsIIsa COMPANY.-A mooting of this company was called at liobnrt Town for Wednesday last, but there wore only six shareholdors present; the chuirman, II. Hlopkins, Esq, said it was the smallost met ing which they had yet seen. It seeomed they Gould not gota mooting, and he supposod the only way to got the company wound up would bh to got the bank to eue thern. The balance shoot was read showing .272 due upol slhares, half of which Mr. Whiteomb said would be realised now that the company had the decisiuon of the Supreme Court in its favor, The meeting was adjourned until the follow. ing day, when in consequence of none of the shareholders attending the business again lapsed. WanrINO IN lion Lita.-The Argue learns from an authoritative sonre that the preliminaries of a marriage between Mise MaInners Sutton, the eldest daughter of his Excellonoy the Governor, and Mr. C. . E. Bright, of Buena Vista, South Ysrro, and a partnor in the firm of Bright Brothers and Co., have been arranged. The nuptials will' very shortly be celebrated. VOLUNTEgan.-A special parade of thl volunteers was held last evening, when ar. rangomonts were made for firing afou de jois on the Market-green on the 24th instant in honor of the anniversary of the birth of her Majesty the Queen. The half yonearly inspection by Col. Home will also take place on that day. . We have received 2he Australian Journal for the current week. Besides an unusual onmber of illustrations, it contains a song, with music, "A motto for every man." WHsTnnnY.-The Rev. W. D. Lilean will preach in the Weosleyan Church to morrow morning, afternoon, and evening, when collec. I tions will be made on behalf of the Church Trust. On Monday a tea-meeting will be held.' ". . . A rTIsOLrn CLRnxs' ASsooIATvi AT Hon aRnT Town.-On Tuesday evening a lecture was, delivered before this assooiatlon, by ( Charles Rocher, Esq., who took for his sub. ject " The rise and progress;; ofi Criminal Jurisprudence." A vote of thanks was unani' mously passed to'Mr. Rocher at. the.oonului sion of his discourse. ' PArrAMRNTARY -' According' to the Tasmanian Tites the 'lion; Joseph' 1rpher, M: L." O., is about to retire frdinm theibepre sentation of Longford, and .the lihbno:t. Q Kermode, M. L..C., froni the representation of SouthE?sk. lir. Kermodo'ea etirementis said to lbe die to ill hsaltl.h:I" :_. , UNPAID CALLSB IN PUBLIC ; COoPAeNir. The Tasmanian .times esays.:-Any.: of, our readero who ,may be so tnlucky ase tna- have chaims on them for uipaid calls in any.of, the - Comnpnies now in course of..winnd?g up, hnd better 'itudy the effect of the decision giv n by his Honor the i'Clief Jtistice'. in the Suprento'Court It' Wvill tli'bor b seen thlit inder most of oisr pnibliod iompanics'" ijies hl?mo?mdr fie: bf a?oCaljrig foi' shares`is ;-'leld to be sufficient to constitute 'an'dplicaniit a shareholder, should the applicant , hav liaid -any •call ordeposlt; dotwitsthtanding 'lie may never have;receivedlnotice that :his applics. tion was approved. of,- or have signed the articles of association. , 'here is no doubt that the aecision will le taken advantage of to compel the paymanienof sundry outstanding unpaid calls. NEW SonUvT -WuALE:RaLWATS.-A. corres pondent of the S.31. Herald Isays:--"I notice is to.day's Herald (17th), :as,' R rn of working expenses of existin 'lines of Railway' for the last three years, vhiih" c shager a very considerable decrease in the, working expenses per mile' runs for 1807, coie/pared with the two previo~ui years.r This looks very well on the paper, and is no doubt, a nice little plum with which to sweeten in some measure the acidity of the Opposition ; but to the minds of practical men who have the future welfare of the colony at heart, and. are not more time-servers, it' assumes 'a adifferent aspect altogether, and I think it behioves such to look carefully into the matter, and see whether this is a ease 'of real economy, or whether it is a specimen of the false economy, which invarably brings 'a heavy' bill in its teake. There is a story told of a very, :economical mani 'lwo 'mianaged to reduce his horse. to three grains of corn a day. ''So far so good, but then 'llt died. :Now, Mr.'Editor, I believe that this is just the coursei'.which is being pursued at the present time with our railways, mnamely, that everything, is. being neglected ifi order to show a decrease of ex penditnre, and tiai reaily' this'dej'resse of Od. or 7d:'ier mile rihb means, inhplain terms, an increase of some three or four times the amount which will have to be expended some twelve monihs hence (if nbt before), in order to resnseitate the ghost which will remain of our coatly and once eficients rolling stook and permanent way.". NAVALr.-The ?ielbourne Herrald" under stauids that'Mr. Farle, a son of -the asheriff, having' received' the nomination of a naval cadetship from -his. Excellency, under the Admiralty regulatiois, has anecessfally p'assed .his examination and proceeded homein.H.M.S Grptesa. ,it - ' -TuasDoKsa' SutPPa sI QuNsr.LAND.-Theil great Queensland supper case-Huqiee v. Luttoyche and others- has been concluded.* the joruy returned a verdict fo tlio' plijihtiff for. the "amoint 'he:' clamed, ;,viz.;;200, in elusiveof the sum' pid .intot: court, i.The re shmption land1 terminatinn of the case oc cupied the whole of the day, but public in terest did not seem to flag in the least., The defendants intended to appeal to the Supreme RAIeOrArs IN MdAnoilUr.--The traffle re ce?plpt'on.the MauritiUsd Governmient railways, 66 miles in lengthiainoouted for 'the fort 'dightending the 81st bfDecember tio 3,8001., and forthe .acorresponding fortnight in 1806 te 8,3521. ashowlog as increase of 8081, W?V:LRYAN FonRtloN MtsSION.-Tho Rev. S. W. Baker will proawh nt Longford, to morrow morning and evening ontbehnlfuof those missions.; and on Monday p publio meeting will be held for the same Object. Annavasre To PnaLon ALFPtRD.--.W have been favorod by his Worship the Mayor, John Scott. Isq., with tile sight of a latter from his Excellency the Govornor's Privote Seoar tary, forwarding a copy of the Gzellte xitra. ordinary of 21st ult.,:in whioh were published the various addresses of the inhabitants of Tasmania to his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinborglh, and also the Prince's general reply. Ar.ANTIO T'LEmo nAPn.-Thte annual meet' ing of this company was held on 25th Feb. urary the Right, Hon., J. !Stuart Wortley in the chair. The Ohairman said that the cables were in perfeot order, and the traflo was steadily. Increasing, which proved. that there owas a general revival in commerce. Th'e receipts in the laat three days of' liat week woro?on the averageo .000 ' (cheers) the' actual 'recbtpt being on the 20th of February 1,0061.' abill'on the 2tbt;225d4., and on the 22nd 2,0791, (Loud oheers.) The meeting had 'to eon seder the propriety of paying off the' Anglo Ameriean Company with a newly raised capital of 1,300,0001., that company being en titled to receive 1,200,0001., in settlement of its claims if three months' notice should be given before the let of January, 1869, the Atlantio Company redeeming its property in both cables by that payment. He thorelore proposed a former resolution to the effoet that the capital of the company be increased .by tihe creation and issue of 260,000 shares of 61. eaoh, and that a preferential dividend at the rate of 10 per cont.perannum be attached to them, after setting aside 61,8481, to provide for the payment of the dividend on the ex= isting preferential 8 per cent. stocks of the company. Sir C. Lampson seconded the motion, and it was carried. [ADVEaTIBe?MNT.]--Wo 'are requested by the anctioneers, Messrs. W. W. White & Co, to 'direct tbhe:attention'of country storekeepers asd:dealers, to their sales of general: merehan. dise next week, as.under-: :..WiDN'AAYY-Sale of Mr. Woolfson's fancy , ... . se o o k . . ,. 2u ?DnAr--Sale of drapery. and; pianos at ,,the mart. F'nIDAY--Sale of.teas. kerosehe oil, candles, &o.;, lson at the mart . Thus giving.country buyers an opportunity of being present at all the sales. 