ANOTHER ROBINSON CRUSOE. r. . history of an escaped convict found by a" iaJni 0V anders is thus described in the Ade- iramu /rTOr' 10 story> as it becomes pieced ogouior from various sources will bo found in; ollmmg narrative, which, in all the essential! fore . ,truo --TMrttj years be- ; hft I,' , ULimu meeting with the overlanders K. al!sc,01uleti h'om the -District of Port Hum « aiu therefore been living for more f a century in the Australian lart W1'hut once having come into con- abnrirrjV a "uman being excepting the wild 2'?T?gsfc whom ho had lived for the Wer part of the time. that a convict depot connected was Psi„i,r "i'"i sattiement in Now South Wales whi»h i'q , a sb01't time at Port Philip, Victiirio 'Ttbooentre of the thriving colony of cliarwnf o'xt-i-I118 cePt> which was under the C. L frh'ary Superintendent, tho convict Sonne m,!! e Prisoners. He wns tlten a fMhisliei»l!tPT-eifuUy built' ancl t'omarkablo bablv nf on, ?h was a matter, that was pro- Kme : no service to him afterwards when he the m! Wlth. tho imtives. Ho had beon ®nd it«.n= ln'evius to his transportation, was Smt , ?? sm offence ns a soldier that he S W J1' Ho had not been there witn'smur. Jei' before ho escaped into the bush sc'ilommt=flvr ll'ea finding ins way to the Henced ®fdh Wales, and thus coni- but few- L„ „e , 'ferdinnry career which has couniry 111 'fre history of any other IVlipn 11 P;,. 'f- , „ called ni «. , — aa "le runaway had been called for )i,a diP0'' and as ho may as well be "i further ,lltare— found himself wondering out nny '"Hher from the settlement witli- tion of hi, lda is to tho probable torraina- d'l'Oil to t„ Uni?y' ''0 more than- once felt in- ugerofrot," . 'c- But after a while the """serofnJ llwun8 seemed to bo as groat as the 'here had n,ng ' besides which ho knew that tonovi,, it,„ g, ben nu arrangement made for tWtinadcpottoVan Diomen's Land, so '®in deim-tn i y lie- would have found Port P'aco,. ijj, ' oven if ho laid returned to that forward, linf i oourso> then, was to proceed Without ovon o ,vas without food ; lio was fui ho 8a... h'nn to supply liimsolf with food, ecPin"Cio,„ 10 moans of subsistence oxcept by 21 Hie seashore (as Mr Eyre did in » . - — . . liis perilous journey to Western Australia), and thus to obtain an occasional supply of fish. In this wild manner be lived for months, without seeing a human being, and with tho fear that even if he did como in contact with the natives he should only lose his life by the encounter Yet why should lie caro if he did ? His existence was so miserable that its continuanco was scarcely to bo desired. His clothes were hangin" from his limbs in tntters ; bis gaunt form was worn to a skeleton for want of food; ho had no means of lighting a fire to cook the fish which lie was ablo to procure ; and ho saw no chance of being rescued from his awful position. Yet amidst all this misery life was too sweet to bo thrown away. Besides, there was a bare possibility that some ship or boat might approach the shore and thus give him an opportunity of escaping tlie terrible fate which threatened him. Indeed, on one occasion this hope seemed about to be realised ; butit ended in disapointment. He had gathered his daily supply of shell fish, and was sitting down by the side of a small creek of fresh water, when his oar was attracted by the sound — so strange to him — of several human voices. Scarcely daring to move, he crept a few yards into the bush and there hid himself, whilst he looked carefully in the direction from which tho sounds had proceeded. ,, Presently) the sound of " voices ! and footsteps came near, and he saw four sailors approaching with what appeared to be the body of ' a' mnn borne iipon their shoulders. " ' ' ! : ."Here, this 11 do," said one of the four, as he halted and pointed to a deep hole in the bank, of the creek, " oliuck tho old varmint in there.' (( All. right," said another ; " 'taint, likely any body will come here to look for him, and he won't be the first fellar that's gone out of liis reckonings and bin lost in the bush." So with these and other similar mutterings, the four scoundrels — for they were evidently en gaged iii some fearful crime— put into the hole- the dead body which they diad been carrying, and began to bury it as quicklyas possible with masses of earth, stone, and timber.; . 'Whether they had brought it ashore for this purpose from some ves sel- on tho coast (which was improbable), or whether being ashore with an officer of some kind they thus got rid of him under the pretence that lie had lost himself in the bush, was a matter upon which it was impossible to form an opinion. All that Big Tom felt sure of was the fact that they had murdered a companion for. some purpose or other, and that now they were burying him before returning to tho vessel . from which, they : had landed. ' What good, then, wotild it be to ask for assist ance from BUch miscreants as these?1' To hide, one crime tlwy would . readily commit another, and therefore if lib discovered hiinself in his pre- sent position, 'it would be certain death;' ' ' Still, the longing to exchange ' words with a fellow creature, ; ana the intense desire to return to some kind of human existence, worked : so powerfully in .the ihind of the unhappy mail that he was determined not to let the men leave the > shore, even though they might be devils them selves, without' endeavouring to speak to them. "When, therefore they began to descend towards tlie beacli, he made a short circuit in on opposite direction, so. that they might not suppose he had watched their movements, and then, as they were going to their boat, he.advanced to speak to them.-.' : .'i-il- -L-'l.'.M i But who shall describe the' consternation of the rascals as they saw' this gigantic and uncouth figure approaching from; the bush ! To tlieir evil and: superstitious nunds lio was some monster tliat , was about ; to avenge the crime which they had committed. - HiB -long arms waving .wildly, his hair streaming from' liib head, and his' hoarse voice calling upon them to: stop, struck them cold , with terror,- and- they rushed to.their boat with all the; speed they could exert. - - j . . Seeing this, the unfortunate man felt the horrors ofhis lost position with more agony than ever, and as they ran ho ran, calling,' entreating, and menacing them. But it was of no avail. : The terrified sailors pushed off from' the shore like madmen, and the huge demon, as( they_c.qnsidored hinij.was-leftJiowling , on. tho lonely beach. , . . . After this the unhappy man— dreading .the: silence and desolation of the seashore, as well as fearing that he might perish 'from cold and hunger— resolved to | follow up' the watercourse near which lie had- been ; liviiig, "iri'the hope of meeting jvith friendly,hatives. i The movement was 'full of risk, but it (was .better j than perishing,' witUoiit'an effort, r bn the Seashore. With this object ho travelled oh from day to day, living chiefly upon roots) and . drinking the dew which in the mornings he was able to collect from tho leaves of the trees. Ono morning, however, ho Was still aslehp iwhbm the sound 'of huinan voices awoke himv and on looking-; up. ho saw himself sur rounded by ii small circle of aborigines who were gazing .with intense curiosity upon tho first , white man they , had . ever, seen. As lie moved and spoke ;tbey set. up' ,o wliinuing .cry ;..they .lookedi,ab,,tho . colour of bis hands ji.tliey struck their breasts ; then patted him gently, ; and finally endeavoured ;tq sbow by all the means in their power that they recognised biin-os o relativo who hod long been dead; and who, they now supposed, had returned to 'life, in a, new form.. . ' . ; " - -,:v: By these people, then, be was fed and taken care of. A wife was found him ; be was looked upon as the leading- man of the community ; and after a while: ho travelled a long way in the bush until by some, chance ho. became connected with the, tribes that, occupied country adjacent to the'Murray. Hero he lived, leading the .life, of a savago for more tban a quarter of a century, and:,here he prob'obly would bavo died) but ' for, the . fact;. that , in 183— Port, Phillip had again btoA occupied, by ' settlors, who, were : now actively colonising,, the country, and sending out pioneers in all directions. Through'this , accident scattered parties of aborigines wpre brought in contact with ;smaU; parties of Europoansj .and by this means Big Toin soon leamt.that meii similar in appearance to hiniselfwero now within reaoh; so that after all there was a';'bfiarice of returning to civilized life. ' (r" ; But bo. had forgotten , his native .language, and bis memory itself was'.sp impaired that bis convict life seemed to-coino.book to lum'moro as a dreuin than u reality'. But what chiefly , roused his' attention iras tho curiosity of tho fow. aborigines who had been fol-; lowing'and ivatbhing the whito mon. .These brought; a pocket-haudkerchief, a-, small pannican, - and several othor articles to show him what sort of people had: come into -the country, and ono had picked up two or three English words, which ho. repeated inces santly, . .' ; -At last, thon, tho long-lost man sot ,out for . the camp of tho travellers. "With his heavy rug hanging from bis shoulders, with his dishevelled hair- and beard, with his spear in ono hand and liis shield in tho other, ho prepared himself for the interview; and suoli was the guiso in whioli ho presented himself to tiio young overlandor at sunrise on that ovontful morning by the side of tho River Murray. ' " What followed, when enquiries were mndo in official quartors, is a matter of history, and need not bo detailed hero. The. truth of Big Tom's state ment was confirmod, and without much trouble his friends obtained for him a free pardon from tho Crown in respect of his offenco as a runaway con- vict. Tint Mock Count.— The Brisbane Councrcontains the following paragraph : — "It is pretty well known that the illustrious Btranger who lately honoured our poor city with his presence, under the style, title and diguity ol the Count von Attems, is tho individual who, in our Sydnoy telegram on Tuesday, wns said to have obtained large advances iu that city on fiotitious papers. We are sorry to say that he managed during his short stay hero to walk into tho good graces of soms of our citizens, and to tnako rather heavy drafts on their bankers. His count- ship, it will bo remembered, left Brisbane in that ronowned craft tho Hamlet's Ghost, tho history of which vessel ought to be written some day ; and ho has last been heard of at Cleveland Bay. A waiv rant is out for his apprehension, and troopers have beon despatched overland from Port Dcnison to se cure him if possible before he makes a descent on onrfrieds in Batavia. We failed to notice the Count as ho deserved when he was in Brisbane, but should ho visit us again, especially with the order which tho Sheriff of Quceuslaud desires to confer on liiin on his breast, and Air Seymour's decorations at his wrist, wo shall endeavour to make amends for our former neglect of Son Altosse." 