CURRENT TOPICS. ~ The adjourned annual generalmeetingcf the members of the Geelong-Racing Club:« cilled for this evening, at the "Victoria Hotel. The alteration in the time of hold ing the meeting'has been made by the secretary, in accordance with the wish of a number of members, and we therefore trust they will not fail in putting in an ap pearance. ■ y • The literary, elocutionary, and discus sion class, in connection with the Mccha nics's Institute., meet to-night. Readings and recitations Avill be the order of the evening. Much surprise .was created among those whom business or'pleasure attracted to the wharves yesterday morning by the course pursued by the barque Sea Nymph, 256 tons, hound for Newcastle in ballast. The vessel instead of tacking about and un ravelling the curves of the channel, in the manner usual with outward bound coasters, appeared to be heading on towanls the coast on the town side of Cowie's Creek, where between eleven and twelve o'clock she ran aground. From what we can gather, it appears that the craft in warping out had to cut and leave one of the hawsers which connected her -with the buoy off the Yarra- street wharf. After getting out some distance into the bay, the'captain sent back a boat to recover the missing line, and instead of tacking hove to, waiting for the return of the boat. The wind being strong and two points abaft the beam, caused the ship to drift towards the coast, and in an attempt made to wear her she went among the rocks. The Reliance left as usual at twelve o'clock for Melbourne, and ran over to see if she could render any assistance, but after an hour's exertion the disabled vessel still remained on the coast, where she was fixed when darkness set in. Renewed efforts will doubtless be made to-day, but no doubt severe injuries have been sustained. \ The demand- for shares in the Galatea Gold Alining Company continued through out the whole of yesterday, and the. stone sent down to the legal manager, Mr Chas. Metcalf, was eagerly criticised by scores of shareholders and intending investors. There were,, however, few sellers, the ma jority of the' shareholders being determined to hold on and trust to still more favorable news being received from the mine. A rumour was circulated about town that even richer stone had been obtained than that exhibited by the manager, and that confirmation of this report is anxiously looked, forward to. The finding of such rich quartz .within seventeen miles of Gee long has also given rise to much specula tion as to whether gold-hearing quartz reefs will, or will not, be traced down to our very doors, and an expert in such mat ters has been heard to declare that the reef can be . traced to within eleven miles of Geelong. Whether this assertion is founded on fact, we of course cannot say, hut it is devoutly to be- hoped that the sanguine expectations entertained of the mine will he realised, as nearly every share in, the company is held by local men. , Great improvements have recently been carried out by Mr Bunce in the ornamen tation of the Corio Cricket-ground, which iii a short time are calculated to make the reserve equal, if not surpass in beauty, any recreation ground in the colony. The wire fencing surrounding the old shrubberies has been substantially repaired, trees that were broken down or failed to take root have been11 cleared away and replaced by vigorous . young shrubs, new plantations have been established, and everything has been done to ensure a rapid growth: .The cost of all these repairs-and innovations has been, thanks to Mr Bunco's kindness,: very trifling, and .-we trust the services rendered by this gentleman -will meet with a suitable recognition. In another column will be found the. entries for the Victorian Bacing Club Spring Meeting; By them it will be seen that some really good sport may be anti cipated. Whatever may be said about the crops of grain there is no reason to fear, if we may judge by Mr M'Kenzie's vineyard and orchard at Belmont, any. deficiency in the crop of fruit. On Monday when we visited the [property, we found everything in a most prosperous con dition, the orchard giving great promise, and the vineyards the same; both, as usual, being remarkably clean and neat. The most noticeable feature in the orchard were the Jordan almond trees. Mr M'Kenzie, with his soft shell almonds has met with such success that he has deter mined to cultivate them to a much greater extent than is usual, and his trees are now crowded with fruit. Many say there is no sale for colonial almonds, but Mr M'Kenzie, we are informed, has already received an order for three tons during the ensuing season. It stands to reason with Id per lb import duty on this fruit that in a few years none will be imported, if our own growers will, as Mr M'Kenzie has already done, study quality. But retournons a nos mouton.1—the gooseberry and cherry trees we found laden ; apricots did not promise to he so plentiful, nor were the peach trees over and above promising ; damsons and plums will be more than equal to the de mand, and as for quinces we never saw a better show. This report will also answer for the other properties in the neighbor hood. The Mayor, Mr Burrow, and Mr Couves were in attendance at the Central Police Court yesterday. There was no business to occupy their attention. For a few nights past a number ol young rascals varying in age from ten to sixteen and seventeen, have made a practice of congregating outside the working boys' evening school in Yarra-strect and annoy ing the inmates by throwing stones at the building and making- all kinds of poises. Last evening some of these vagabonds broke in the door of the schoolroom', and the assistance of a constable had to be ob tained before they could be dispersed. If one or two of the ringleaders were brought before the magistrates and made an ex ample of, this nuisance might probably be stopped. The " boy nuisance" is becoming intolerable in Geelong. Gangs of young K«D£9 Me jgmtinually proffling about the streets at night, and unless the police inter fere the nuisance will increased That the large and rapidly increasing attendance of St. Mary's Schools is a source of satisfaction to the Roman Catholics of Geelong is manifest, from the energy they have displayed in erecting a new building and thoroughly repairing the old me. The new room is 36 X 18, and the old 50 x 30. We may mention that while there are no draughts, the ventilation is excellent, and upon the most improved principle. In fact those interested need only inspect the buildings to satisfy themselves that the Very ltev. Matthew Downing has made every provision calculated to make the children comfortable. The contracts for the works alluded to amount in the aggre gate to £400. The furnishing of the schools has not as yet been provided - for, and Mr Spring, the head teacher, purposes raising the sum required for the object just mentioned, by holding in the schools upon the 5th proximo, a grand select quadrille party. The public, no doubt, will cor dially co-operate with Mr Spring in ren dering his undertaking a complete success. It is not good always to express the secret -wishes of the heart. A well known married couple have not been blessed with children although they have been wedded now for several years, and this has marred | somewhat their happiness. Some few months ago a relation of one of them, a married lady, came from a neighbouring colony -with the intention of taking up her abode -with them for awhile, pending arrangements being made by her husband to settle down here. She brought with her two interesting pledges of her love of her spouse, and had not long been with her friends ere she gave birth to another. Daring her stay the wedded pair before mentioned expressed a wish to adopt one. of the "little ones," as they had none of their own; the mother was not averse to the arrangement, and' i> the meantime things went on agreeably, the father being daily expected'to arrive and give his consent; but one morning the fond couple, on arising to perform the tasks of the day, were astonished to find their friend (?) missing, and in her stead a letter consigning the children, including the infant, to their tender care. - Her husband, the woman re marked in her epistle, had become involved in difficulties; had been obliged to leave his late place of residence, and she . had gone to join him. "And as," she con cluded her letter, " you have no children of your own, and have often told me you I would like to have one or two, I know you J ■will with pleasure take charge of mine until1 Henry and I are in a better position' to keep them." The chagrin of the couple may he better imagined than described, but the "worse-half" declares that for the future he will " keep his desires to him self." The clerical scandal culminates towards the climax. A meeting of the" members of the Collins-street Baptist Church was held on Monday eveniSg-, and did not terminate till- one o'clock- on -the following morning The people.sat with closed doors, but, as one of the Melbourne papers has it, the proceedings have oozed out. Revelations arc said to have been made which more than confirm the rumours that have lately been tainting the religious atmos phere.- " Outwardly appearing righteous unto men," thesprurient priest has been found to have been " full of hypocrisy and iniquity." Speaking from a reliable source, it may now. be stated that the unworthy occupant of a desecrated pulpit has been pursuing a grossly immoral course for years. Habit, it would appear, had made libidinous ness a 'property- of easiness.' If ever a man looked ' like >the innocent rose,' but was ' the serpent under it,' that was the man against whom the 'slow uumoving finger of scorn' is now pointed. " Is it pos sible ? " says one. •' How could we have been so duped?" exclaims others. AVe may, in an instance like this, appropriately cry out in the language of Shakspere, "Can such thing be without our special wonder?" That such a man, could, Sunday after Sunday, and year: after year, dare to offend the Majesty of Heaven by preaching the Redeemer's gospel while his heart and hand were " full of all uncleanness," seems, even in this wicked " can-can " day, almost incredible. Verily, " truth is stran ger than fiction !" To stop "invention" it is right that-the "facts" of the case should be made public. It is expected that they will be immediately forthcoming Great astonishment has been expressed that the Government have not advertised excursion fares from Geelong to Ballarat, on the occasion of the Ballarat National Show. We have great pleasure in, in forming" our readers, that they will be able to visit Ballarat at cheap fares. ,On this auspicious occasion trains will be run at excursion fares on the 21st, 22nd, and 23rd instants, re turnable on the 24tli instant. The Minister of Railways has recently been " doing' pleasant tour through the Western District, and may thus be excused for not attending to his public duties by causing the usual advertisements to be inserted in the local journals. . One of the greatest attractions among the many offered by our Botanical Gardens is the Aviary of the Geelong branch of the Acclimatisation society. Go when you will you are sure to find, if there are any visitors in the nursery at all, the aviary surrounded with admirers. Hitherto, however, the public have been slow to contribute their mite towards the support of the institution, which, with adequate funds at their dis- posal, could, be made a credit to the town and district, but now we learn that sub- scriptions are coming to hand much more liberally. The latest contributions received have been one guinea each from Mr Guy and Mr Brodie; and we hope soon to have to record the receipt of other donations. We would, in the mean time, remind a liberal public that an extension of the present building is contemplated, that the society cannot afford to pay a collector and that they depend solely on voluntary dona- tions the Government declining to grant a subsidy. Mr T. P. Hill, whose elocutionaiy powers are well known to the Geelong public, has been engaged by Mr George Morrison, the principal Of the Geelong College, to give a course of instruction in reading aloud and recitation. The first lecture and lesson will be given this morn ing. Mr Hill has been "called in" rather late, hut we have no doubt that he will be able to give a good account of his labours at Christmas. The subject to which Mr Hill particularly addresses himself is just now attracting considerable attention. The strong wind that has raged during the past two days has done considerable damage among the gardens in this district. Fruit trees especially have suffered; in many of the gardens thousands of young fruit of various descriptions strew the ground. Strenuous exertions should now.be made to eradicate the Cape weed, which, we are sorry to learn, is to bo found in consider able quantities on the common and qther reserves near town. Growers of barley will he glad to learn that the demand for their produce is every day becoming greater. Mr Hodges, the maltster, tells us that he infinitely prefers the local to the imported article, and is a cash purchaser of the same. Complaints are made that the pnblic lamps in Ryrie street, west of Gheringhap street, are frequently not lit until eight o'clock and after. We were in the neigh bourhood about that hour last evening and they were not then illuminated. The con tractor is supposed, if we are informed correctly, to light the lamps at sunset. Miss Adelaide Stonehain and the com pany accompanying her, repeated their en tertainment at the Mechanics' Institute last evening. As on the preceding even ing the attendance was but small. "We hear that the Geelong St. Patrick's Society has been duly registered under the Friendly Societies' statnte, and are glad to learn that the rules are on so sound a basis that they have been accepted uncondition ally by the Registrar-Geueral. The Liverpool Albion of 27th July says —The Australian cricketers will piss another year in Europe, .but will winter in Eianec. 1 The usual commanding officers' parades will be held this evening. On Wednesday next Battalion parade will"be held under Lieut.-Col. Rede. Great quantities of rock cod and ling are now being caught in the Bay. A more prolific season has not been known for years. The Warrnambool Advertiser reports: —The following gentlemen arrived in Belfast on Wednesday, per the Western, s.s.—The Hon. C. E. Jones (Minister for Roads and Railways), the Hon. J. J. Casey (Minister of Justice), Mr J. S. Butters (member for Portlannd), Mr W. Wardell (Inspector Gedcral of Public Works), Sir A. W. Chomley (Secretary of the Law Department): also Messrs Donald son, Ainsley, and Eastwood. They landed for about two hours, and then pro ceeded on to Portland. The party intend going on to Heywood, Hotspur, Digby, Merino, Muntbam, Colerainc, Hamilton, Warrayure, and Penshurst; and returning to Belfast on Monday evening. They are expected to arrive in Warrnambool on Wednesday morning and purpose remain ing till Friday, when they will start over- • land for Melbourne. The two members of the ministry, with the officials named, will inspect the country as they proceed where the line is proposed to be made. During the visit, Mr Jones will in pect the harbor accommodation of the three ports, and judge for himself of their requirements. Mr Casey is likely to consider new arrangements in reference to the holding of Courts in the interior. Hamilton is very anxious to have a Circuit Court, and a transfer from Belfast is strenuously resisted by the local journals of the latter town. A banquet to the ministers was given at Portland on Thurs day, when upwards of sixty persons were present. The Western Post of Tuesday, has the following:—It will be remembered that Mr- Bleschmied^ for some time a resident in Mudgee, and who left for Germany, his native' country, some twelve months ago, with the intention of living upon his sav ings in this colony, has found out that love of one's country may occasionally bring a man into, trouble. It seems that he had been originally in the army, and had re tired &om; the service without permission. Upon reaching his . native place he was seized upon by the authorities, and has been sentenced-to two years', imprisonment for desertion. ••• Mr Gli. Ilarndt -writes ■ to the editor of the; Qiteenslander as follows:—" Perhaps it may interest some of your "readers to know that a case - of snake bite which oc curred in this locality has been cured by a free use of colonial rum. It was a heifer about two years old,- and she was bitten by a black snake on the lip. A neighbor who heard of the occurrence brought two bottles of colonial rum, one of which was emptied into the cow's stomach in three drinks, and within an hour, and about two hours after the occurrence of the bite. At that time she was greatly swollen about the head, and had been declared " a case" by 'many who saw her. As night came on she was reetless, and half of the other bottle of rum was given to her, and she was kept moving about in the yard. At midnight she appeared better, and was allowed to lie down. The swelling began to disappear in the morning, when the remainder of the rum was given to her. Towards night she began to nibble at the grass, and now she is all right. As. I feel certain the cow would have died but for the rum, the cir cumstance may be worthy of the notice of your readers. There ear few (says the Courier) who have not witnessed the operation of cast- ing who are aware what a pretty and in teresting sight it is. That of bell casting is particularly interesting, and we were not therefore surprised to see a large number of visitors at the Mr Higgins' foundry, on the Sebastopol road, last even- ing, to see the casting of a bell to be pre- sented by Mr Higgins to the new Free Church of England now being built for the Rev. Mr Trevor. The company numbered several ladies who had braved unfavorable weather in order to be present at the casting, and the male sex were numerously represented, in all probability nearly a hundred visitors being present. The bell to be cast was 23 inches high, and 26 inches in diameter at the mouth, the weight being about two hundred weight. The mould had been prepared in readiness, and when the visitors began to arrive the furnace was in full operation melting the metal, which consists of iron, tin, copper and brass, in various proportions, a mixture which has been found to produce the most musical sound when cast into bells. The appearance of the foundry while the smelting operation was going on was somewhat extraordinary, the bright glow of the flames casting their light on the faces of the workmen and around the foundary with a peculiar effect. The loud roaring of the fan for producing a draft through the furnace and intensifying the heat was somewhat painful, but at length the metal was reduced to the re- quired consistency, and a large bucket-like vessel with long handles was placed in readiness for it as it was allowed to flow from the furnace. The liquid metal as it came out was certainly as like liquid fire as it was possible to be, and some few moments had to elapse before it was considered of sufficient coolness to he applied to the mould, the casting resulted very success- fully, and there was every appearance of a fine toned bell being turned out. The Rev Mr Trevor then christened the bell by saying "I pronounce this bell dedicated to the service of God by the name of St. David, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Cheers were given for Mr Higgins and the company, after a little time had the pleasure of seeing a smaller bell cast. In the metal for the bell for the church silver coins to the value of a guinea were thrown previous to its being poured into the mould. The lady visitors and some of the gentlemen, after the casting, adjourned to Mr Higgins house, where the success of the bell and its founder was drunk in champagne, and then the workmen were left to themselves. A Melbourne paper states:—"A meeting of the members of the Collins-street Baptist Church was held last Monday night, with reference to the case of the Rev. James Taylor. What took place at the meeting has been kept secret, but that its proceed ings were of more than ordinary interest may be inferred from the fact that it lasted till past midnight. We believe that the deacons, under pressure of the members, were compelled to state the evidence on which Mr Taylor's resignation was accepted. The revelations, we are informed, astonished and pained the congregation in the highest degree, and those who were inclined to doubt Mr Taylor's guilt have been com pelled to admit that ' the worst * is true. In the dark aspect which this case has assumed, it is scarcely possible that the matter can be allowed to rest as it now stands. The evidence on which Mr Tay lor's guilt has been established is now known to hundreds of people, and the best thing that can he done to prevent false rumors and exaggerations is to publish it in its exact shape." The Herald reports:—•' The proposal to raise a £20,000 testimonial to Mr Grant on account of his liberal laud policy docs not appear to have been received with that extraordinary amount of enthusiasm which was expected. Subscriptions have been promised in various parts of the colony, but they fall very far short of the sum total which it is proposed to raise. In some of the districts most energetic measures have heen taken, and exertions will be made to make the testimonial something handsome.'" (Sic.) The weekly statement of railway traffic again tells very favorably for the still im proving condition of trade throughout the colony. There is an increase of £3728 on the week as compared with the correspond ing week of 1867, bringing up the aggregate for the present year £30,168 in excess of the aggregate for the corresponding period of last year. Looking at the separate items in the w eekly statement, we find an increase in passenger traffic of £691; goods and minerals increase £2957, On cattle and on minerals there is a small increase; the only head showing a decline is that of horses, but the difference is only £4. Those persons -who were fortunate enough to be in Collins-street between nine and ten \- o'clock on Monday morning (says a Mel bourne journal) must have been much interested in the appearance of a buggy and four which, in company with a handsome mare in most accurate clothing, and a dog ■with a scarlet ribbon round its neck, was paraded up and down the street for some time. Considerable doubts were at first entertained as to the distinguished personage for whom these extensive preparations were made; but they were soon dissipated by the appearance of a well-known and popular tragedian who, clad in a fur coat, a travel " ling cap, and high untanncd boots, issued from the door of the hotel—looking like a cross between a Bengal pig-sticker and a Russian nobleman—and got into the buggy. Installed therein, be was driven away on the road through Kilmore to Beccbworth, where he will fulfil a probably successful engagement. Three officers of H.M.S. Brisk secured wives for themselves in Sydney, before the departure of that vessel for England. All naval officers who visit Sydney speak well of it, and no wonder. Half the heiresses of the sister colony are said to he carried off in this way. A very cheering and sensible view of squatting prospects is taken by the Pastoral i Times, in spite of the fall in wool reported '<■ V oy last English mail. Thus our contempo rary speaks :—"In the rough manner, almost inseparable from first settling on the hack country stations, which the squatters there are compelled to adofSt, those improve ments which are now only about to become general in the older parts of Eiverina can scsfeely be expected in the Darling country, or even between the Lachlan and the Darling, where labor is so dear, scarce, and unskilled. The great bulk of the wool from the back country contains GO to 70 per cent of impurities. .Large quantities of wool have been despatched to England uncleansed —add to this the inferior and mixed breed of sheep used in stocking the country named, and we can see at a glance much to account for the sudden fall in the English market. Hext mail will bring us, we believe, the intelligence that the very first-class wools are in demand at good remunerating prices, and that the recent fall chiefly affected the coarser and badly got up wools of the far interior. Still, though the fall of 2d per lb became permanent, there is nothing in it to make us despair of the future ; it must be borne in mind that we are producing at a much cheaper rate than we did five vears ago. Squatting, or more properly speak in?! woolgrowing, is no longer the business of amateurs or unskilled persons. It is becoming so well understood in Aus tralia as to be followed on fixed and scientific principles." High breed-: ing in sheep is no longer confined to France and Germany. The Emperor of Russia and Napoleon HI..keep well-bred sheep as pets; our wool-growers keep them for profit. They are not playthings in the hands of the Australian squatters, who are urged on to the contest expecting to gain something more substantial than 'honor able mention,' or a gold medal. As stated, we are producing wool at a much cheaper rate than we did. The old expensive and defective system of shepherding has given place to fencing in runs, enabling the sheep to follow more closely their natural habits. The wool from this superior made of deal ing with the sheep is much greater in quantify and better in qualify. The runs carry at least twenty per cent, more than they would under the expiring method of * dogging' the sheep. Here we have two apparent advantages. Then, again, the cost of the shepherds in wages—all hard cash—and in their rations—almost as good 8s cash—has to be taken into consideration; so that if the standard price of our medium wools, one season or two seasons as on the average (say) Is 9d per lb, fencing in the runs at any time is equal to twopence, we dare say, threepence per lb. There is, therefore, nothing to be alarmed at in the fall in price, even if it were permanent on all wools. Me, however, speak with confi dence that we cannot produce too much of the really first-class wools. Price is not so much our object in the London market as quality. The finer the wools the greater will be the demand." , ■ Alluding to the feasibility of improving the navigation of the Edward River, the Pastoral. Times remarks :—" The river would now float a sloop of war. Locking it- at its entry from the Murray. below Tocumwal, and locking it where it empties itself into" that river below Moulamein, would cost about £25,000. It seems use less to expect much from the present Syd ney Government; our hope is in a change of Ministry. We may then expect that our local wants will have a fairer conside ration than they have had from Mr Mar tihs Government. The Edward could be easily locked, and made navigable all the year round. The water could be used for irrigation. All that could he done at a moderate outlay, and we should save about £7000 a-year in carriage alone between Deniliquin and.Echuca. The Sydney Go vernment will give us no facilities tor com munications with Victoria—a tacit admission on the part of New South Wales that _we ought to belong to the southern capital." A. correspondent -writes to the Herald VAs I have had so many proofs of your liberality in inserting in your widely- dis persed journal whatever you deem interest ing or useful to your readers, I send you a ample detector for an abuse now exten avely practised here since the import duty was raised on_under proof spirits, the burn lug fluid added to assist the imposition rendering it very unwholesome as well as fraudulent. Whether spirits are proof or under proof is easily ascertained in this way1'ut a pill of suet, or any other tat, ma wineglass, and pour the spirit on it; if it is under proof the fat will come up to the top, hut if it is proof it will remain at the bottom; hut immediately it is adulterated with a little water the fat will ascend and float at the top, showing the spirit is then reduced to under proof." - The Rev. Mr Raphael, parish priest at Bettiah, Chumparun, relates, says the British Medical Journal, in a letter dated May 28, the means which he employed to rave the life of a girl, ten years old, that .neen bitten by a venomous snake;— In the space of about ten minutes," he stys," she lost the power of speech, her fyes became bloodshot, and she was in a state of fearfiil and continued convulsions. Bereaving the dangerous state in which she was, 1 immediately took a small lump oi alum, about the size of a pigeon's egg, dissolved the whole in a large glass of water, and at once made her drink it off. . a few minutes she began to be very sick, throwing up much matter from her stomach, when I again made her drink alum water. This went on for about an hour and a half, during which time she must have consumed alum of about the P*e of a hen's egg, dissolved in two large botties of water, the draughts bciug ad ministered at short intervals after each vomiting. At the end of the time men tioned the. girl began to recover, and, within two hoars' time, was able to stand hp by herself, and again gained the use of or voice. Atfer this I made her "walk about a great deal, ^nd now she is almost entirely cured." 