The Advertiser FRIDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1868. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15. In the Legislative Council— In reply to the Hon. H. Barrow, the CHIEF SECRETARY said ha did not know what ship the a[?]hor came from that caught in the •ertwef the Bangatira, but would enquire. He hoped tha hnaaeh steamer would be in time for the Avoca at the Sound. fa reply to questions of tha Hon?.W. Parkin aad Henry Mildred, the Chikf Sbcbktakt said the Government had not yet had lame to con. aider tiu tenders seat in for the Northern Ter ritory survey and the Port Augusta Railway. Sevan! other questions were asked and saswemd. On a faemal nation ofarijournmeut theCmw SwtRaKT stated the circumstances under Whiehtbe Ministry returned to office, and ex potauUd tha policy af the Government, more parttenUriyonOubvndqaert?m. A debase essaed, and'the motion was subse. qaaotly withdrawn. The HmlO. H. Bagot's motion for a return of azpntditw* of Fort sad Northern railways was carried. Tha Carnal adjourned until the following n the'Sonse of Assembly- A petitum ww received for a jetty at Port AaraataWeet The Clerk waa directed to return without dedajctW £30. the amount paid by the Mount Barter petitioners. J The Coannasioma of Public Woeks bud swvfMen act the cable. Tbe Tuasows *^ri?i?*J the policy of the Government, and a discussion ensued. The H?bm adkmmad at 20 minutes past 3 oUoattttTasada/aect. JtnDanro from the course politics are taking ia the House of Assembly, it is sot improbable that we may obtain a bad Mheine after til, which will be ranch ia advance of tb* existing system. Crises an of some use, because every new Go vernment bids higher than that which it bm dupiaoed. If aay one had predicted a Month ago t&al; Mr. Ayers would have IwMght in, with the full consent and approval of bis colleagues, such a measure as that propounded in both branches of tfast Legislature on Thursday, he would hav* been regarded as very simple or very ?sngnino. But great are tbe advantages of adversity. The Ayers Government am not fools, and they have kept their tan, eyas, and minds open during the bat lew ntta, and they have picked up tltt erombs of wisdom which have fallen from tha lips of hon. members. More than thia, they have shown that they ooall profit by the lessons they have ban*. They wen not so much wedded to their oH views a* not to be abte to look at those watch w?ro further ad vanced. Thamwlvw with their classification and toad* ?yatam, Mr. Hart with bis upset Bm ami defarrad payment! for lands thai ksw* passed tae hammer, and his astwaapta to purify the auction-room, ha.** head caat into the shade by the a*w land policy; aad the Ministry have shown that in their land schemes they repudiate anything like finality. It is a great thing to have Ministers without stereotyped views—elastic men who can stretch a point when they are told to do ?o ; who, if one set of propositions fail to give satisfaction, are so free from preju dice as to try another. We are not sure that we have yet got all that the Ayers Ministry—under gentle pressure—might be disposed to yield. Suppose they were to be turned out (which is quite a pos sible thing), and then in the whirligig of political changes were to accede to office once more, it is not improbable that they would be prepared to make even greater concessions to demands for a more liberal land policy. The new scheme was brought forward in both Houses on Thursday, with no small amount of ability by the Chief Secretary and the Treasurer. The scheme embraces the proclamation of agricultural areas in various parts of the colony, sub ject to the approval of Parliament, as is now the case in the declaration of Hun dreds. In these areas the available land for agriculture is to be offered in blocks of 80, 160, 320, and 640 acres. Provision will be made in these areas for the laying out of townships with suburban land, which shall be sold by auction. The agricultural land is to be sold by selec tion at £1 per acre, in blocks not exceed ing 640 acres, to males above 21 years of age, and before the land is 'offered, a month's notice shall be given of its being open for selection. The application for land must be in writing, and must contain an under taking on the part of the appli cant that he will fence and cultivate at least one-fourth of the land applied for within twelve months, and he will be re quired to pay down 20 per cent, cash de posit, and the balance at the end of twelve months, forfeiture of the deposit and all interest in the land being the penalty of non-payment of the balance. Until the balance is paid the interest in the land cannot be assigned; and in cases of death it will descend to legal repre sentatives. "After forfeiture the land is again to be open for selection to the first applicant after one month's notice. If more than one person should apply for the same block, the matter is to be de cided by lot. Before the balance of pay- j ment for the land is received and the fee simple conveyed, there must be a certi- j ficate signed by two Justices and a de claration made by the selector that at least one- fourth of the land has been fenced and cultivated. In all lands out side of these areas the present auction system will be continued, and every means is to be used to counteract tile im proper operations of land-jobbers. This, then, in its principles and some of its details, is the new land scheme pro-1 pounded by the present Government. We don't know whether they are pre pared to stand or fall by it, or whether it is open to modification. If the latter, then, should the Government be allowed to manipulate it a little at the suggestion of the House, it might be brought into more symmetrical and work able shape. There is one glaring mistake on the face of the measure which we are surprised should have escaped the keen eyes of its concoctors. It is neither a cash nor a credit system. It has the dis advantages of ?och and the merits of neither. We ask our readers what posi tive advantage is gained by giving a pur chaser twelve months in which to pay for his land. Suppose a selector were to take up land under this system in the present month of October, what gain would twelve months' credit be to him ? Next October, when he must pay the ba lance, he will have got nothing off tile land. The 20 per cent, deposit must be paid down, one-fourth of the land must be fenced and cultivated, seed must be purchased and labor paid for, and before he could pet one sixpence off the land the balance would be due and must be paid under penalty of forfeiture. Of what use would such a kind of credit be to a farmer f We just mention this as one objection to the scheme ; there are others, but we need not refer to them now, as it is not improbable that the scheme will never get beyond its present stage in the Parliament. Mr. Strangways rose immediately after the Treasurer had made his statement, ?iul intimated his intention of meeting the Government with a direct want of confidence motion. And he then in formed the House than in moving that motion on Tuesday he would be prepared to put before them a rival land scheme, on which, in comparison with that of the Government, he would challenge the votes of the members. This was a bold and straightforward course, and it may be inferred that the hon. gentleman now believes that the time for the last crisis on the land question is at hand. Mr. Strangways's announcement was received with loud cheers by hon. members, who were probably curious to know what he who went down to West Torrens at the last election and defied the bricks" on this very question- liquid now have to offer-in the way of land reform- On Tuesday, then, we shall have a direct, manly, and unmistakeable assault on the present Government, and "this time there will be a real stand-up fight. Mr. Strang ways puts his motion in the fewest pos sible words. It is—" That this House is dissatisfied with the present Ministry." This includes both the men aad the mea sures. It leaves no loophole for escape. They who are dissatisfied with the mea sures can vote against the men on account of the measures, and they who are dis satisfied with the men can vote against the men on their own account. But suppose the resolution is carried, we have again to ask a question which we have had occasion to ask several times lately—" What next P Of course Mr. Strangways will be prepared to accept the responsibility which rests on a member who turns a Government out; and it may be fairly assumed from his well- known shrewdness and political insight that he knows what he is about, and is not taking a leap in the dark. It would be unpar donable for a man with Mr. Strangways's political reputation to throw out one Go vernment unless he had the strongest reasons for believing that he would be able to construct another. Great curiosity, then, is felt to know with whom the hon. j gentleman has taken counsel, and who are to be his future colleagues ; and even greater curiosity is felt as to what possible land scheme he can bring forward which in the present temper of the House would have even the ghost of a chance of being j carried. Mr. Staangways is an able man j and an experienced politician, and we should be sorry to see him undertake a work which resulted in failure, and con sequently in political weakness. But it does admit of a question whether, with ail his acknowledged ability, he has saffident moral standing in the House to. secure the confidence of a united majority, who would give him their support. Mr. Strangways has more than once shown his ability as a follower, but how would i he succeed as a leader % Both in temper and tact he has wonderfully improved daring the last half a dozen years, and he possesses in the Assembly an influence which is peculiarly his own. By hard work and useful service he has fully earned his leadership; but will a majority think so 1 But perhaps he is not aiming at leadership, and will be content to serve if he cannot rule, and to follow if he cannot lead. He has been a long time on the shady side of the House and he has a fan- claim now to a seat on the Treasury Benches. Bnt whether his motion will put him there or not remains to be seen; and what he will do for the land question if he gets there also remains to be seen. 