THE STORY-TELLER. THE LIG·HTHOUSE GIlL. " Come in, child. The mist is gather ing, and the scud flying wildly. There will be a heavy storm to night," said old Captain Lockwiood, as he looked at the sky, after securing his single boat, and hastened within to polish the glasses of the hoary light-house that stood upon a ragged spit of land, at once a beacon of safety and of warning. " Yes, father dear! the wild spirits of the storm are abroad to-night, and mar shalling their hosts for battle. Many a brave ship will find an ocean grave, and many a wreck strew the shore, before another dawn," she replied dreamily. "We must do our duty, child, and leave the rest to God. We are ever in his keeping;" and with another look at sky and ocean, clouds and foaming waters, the old man proceeded to his task. From babyhood, Annie Lockwood, or as she was familiarly known, "Annie of the Lighthouse," had been accustomed to the ocean. Though born at a distance, The had, when a mere child, been brought thither; and it had been to her both a fear and delight. She had learned to love it in every mood-to stuidy it as an ever-open volume. From the time her father, disabled at sea, had obtained the appointment, and moved thither, she had known no other home. And that rough, though kind hearted old seaman, had been almost her only instructor; for the curling tresses of early childhood were still upon her head when her mother died. True she had been sent to school, and had studied at home; but her education waswithout system. Much that it was strange for such a young girl to know she was familiar with; much that she should have known, she had no tangible idea of. To a satranger, she was at once a wonder and mystery. Like the ocean, her soul was not easily fathomed. Without the softening and guidingjin fluence of a mothei'-without associates of her own age and sex--seeing visitors but rarely, except the rough fishermen who were storm-driven upon the inhos pitable coast-it woiuild have been strange if she had not grown up a shy, sensitive girl, unlearned in the fashions and man ners of society. With the waves creeping almost to her feet, and licking the sand where she was standing, Annie Lockwood stood for a long time after the jdeparture of her father. There was something in the sullen booming of the surf as it broke against the rocks, and echoed within its hollows ;' somethingin the wild scream of the sea bird; something in the rolling and toss ing of the dark, wind-swept clouds--that attracted her more than usually this night. Often as she had watched before upon the shelving shore; often as she had sat in the high windows of the lighth?ouse gazing out upon the warring 'lements, she had never felt as now. The lamps trimmed with unusual care, and the glasses duly polished, Captain Lockwood called his daughter, and they sat down to theii' frugal meal, talking as the circumstances suggested, of storm and wreck. Then, after. the lights hlid been again looked to and the "' big ha' Bible, once his father's pride," read, and prayer offere~ d by the old man,. they. plre pare d for rest. "I will watch the lamps to-night, dear father," said Annie, as she gave him her good-night kiss. " Better sleep, daughter. The rest of the young is sweet; that of the old, fitful and broken." "I cannot sleep. Hark! what sound was that?" "Boom! boom !" came the report of a gun to their ears, though scarcely] to be distinguished above'the fierce howling of the storm, and roaring of lhe.waters. "A ship in dclistress! GFod have mercy upon the. souls of all on board " sakd the old lighthouse-keeper, reheney.;/?" : .. , Amen,,father. Can -we: do -nothing to, save them'?" . "; hat could we do, child'? -Our little boat wo6uldnot live ai instant ;" and he hastened aloft, glass: in hanhd' ittle, however, he saw. The tempiipest, and the tears that gaitheiedin, his s'eyes and would not be repiressed, alpost blinded him. On such a. night, in such a locality, he had battled with the winds and the waves; had felt his stout vessel go to pieces under his feet; had been thrown, bruised and broken, ashore among the sharp rocks; and memory, was far too busy with the past for him to calmly look upon the present. Without another word, he handed the glass to his daughteS and bowed his head upon the stone sill of the nanrrow window. "It is a large ship, father. Part of her masts, much of her rigging, is gone. Great heaven! she is -- " " On the inner ledge? the ' Wrec~kers' Harvest'?" "Yes: alas! yes." " Then God indeed have mercy upon,: them!". . " But father,--" "Hush, child.'" Leaving the old inan bowed down in his prayerful reverie, Annie Lockwood stole softly from his side, and, descending the winding-stairs, wrapped herself hast ily in hood and shawl, and started: out upon the wind and wave swept rbcks. Whither she was going what her pur pose, "she had, not paused to consider. She only felt that human, lives were being swallowed up in the mad vortex of the sea, or humangforms ground to powder among the remorseless rocks upon. the shore. Battling with the furious gale as bes;t she might, Annie crept towards the bach. The wbhiring, needlplike .spray almost blndd her; the hoiwhng of the wind and the shrieking of the, waters almost deafened her : the slippery rocks gave her but insecure footing;' still she quailed not; still gave not up the hope that she might do soinething;: fdrgetful. that she wa's as powerlesess as 'a dry leaf swept before &qn; aultinal blast --- a thistle-down'whirled upon the huyricanus breath.p Above even the wind and waters she could now and then hear the crashing of spars and bulkwards, andterrible shrieks of strong men as they were dragged down to death; the grinding of the massive keel upon the rocks; the tearing and flapping of the sails as they were stripped in ribbons from the bolt-ropes; and the rattling of the cable chain as. it~'flew: with lightning speed through the haiwser-hole. Completely paralyzed by the horrid din, impotent to save even one struggling wrettch froo eternity, the young girl at length clasped her hands bver her ears to shut out every sound,. and fled with swift footsteps back to the liglit-house. Creeping 'o her fathers side, she told in whispers what she 'ha seen, wht ~hear.d; and together they paseq the night, wa't ing, watching, praying for the da?an, yet shrinking from the sights they knew its coming would reveal. Morning came at last, smiling like a sleeper after a trouibled dream. The sun rose gloriously, fringing 'the crests dftthe high-leaping i?aves and iolet and bld6n. spray. The storm, sudden in its rising, and sudden in its subsi iig haa birh at midnight, 'leavig the ; mars o? its fury strewn for miles. along the] shore. Here a shattered plank there a broken spar; here a tangled web of cordage, there a sheet ofrcopper twisted and bat tered; here fragiments 'of sails, there a crimson thread of once airig~ht f.?g, clinging to the' rbck,.-sg--pgt ' e sebe , silent tokens of the pewpr of, the teptr est. Before the sun rose,the old light-hou~e keeper and his? daughter were out 'upon the beach seeking for a!ught of life that remained. The waters still broke and boiled angrily' over the:rocky reef' known as the "Wrecker's Harvest;" 'bt, oft'i brate ship that' had stru c1# her.ehe . p vious evening, ndt a token remained :to tell from whence she cagMne;, nor of -t.h feight of souls suddenly -landed in et~e nity. Along the shore, -vith anxious eyes, paced father and i.daughter. iA "sea- che~ist was lifted above'the iower 'of'the wia~ves here, and a droWlVied, bri?id, blo6ted form tenderly placed in safety mutil it could be properly pr epare4dfor i.burpI. To search for ·the:hivig,i if indeed aught of life remained, was their first duity); to bury the idead next. But, alas !! their searched 'proved 'vain. The gallant vessel and ill therein appeared to '-hal e beendoomed. 'Ndt'a single gne ':iv lifi to tell the story. Back'to th, lighthouse the old g?ugn departed for the requisite impleens tq bury the dead, leaving Annie':to till eon tinue' her search. Climbing a .high rook, -shestrainedJher eyes onice ?.utoe over 'the oeeai. .Like a white-winged gull, she saw tsomhe floating far away. 9a~~j ~ agtof hun apit? Ms~ny a oane 'ad 'la`Q~ he~ llnbb~~~bb~~sp '~fl P~~ spar, and at-lashfloated asharQ inces C ontinued on the Suni'poen nt. .or beenpicked up, by some passing vessel. Quick as a sunbeam piercing the darkness of a prison-house, the thought flashed through the brain of the girl. Equally as quick it was acted upon, " -Father ! father ! dear father !" The hollow rooks, the heaving sea, the screaming sea-bird, and the whistling winds, alone replied. Deep in the re :•recesses of the strongly-built beacon, the old man was searching for tools that had long been strangers to his hand. From the day that he buried his wife, they' had been unused, forgotten. "FPather ! father!" SThere was no time for delay. S Every moment served to convince her that a human being was floating at the mercy of the wind and the waves. Every moment satisfied her that it was drifting seaward, and would soon be beyond her power to rescue. "Father! dear father !" Still no reply, and with swift footsteps she ran to the little cove where their boat was lying, unfastened it, leaped in, and pushed from the shore. To one un accustomed to boating, this would have been a dangerous undertaking; but Annie Lockwood was no tyro upon the waters. F' 'irst, she strove to use the oars; but, Sfinding her arm too feeble for the task, : she loosened the little sail. With the foam rippling over the lee ward side, and the slender mast bending . like a whip, the boat dashed on, with Annie standing--a firm though frail -·pilot--in the stern, and directing its . course. In despair, the old man, as he again reached-the sands, saw her boat tossed '' like a feather among the breakers of the " Wreckers' Harvest." In despair, he shouted to her to come Sback; but she heeded him not. Heart, soul, brain-all were wrapped in the venture she had undertaken; and, waving her hand to him, she still continned her way--out, out into the ocean. i. -`I Surmise soon became certainty. There was a human form lashed to a spar. Was there yet life remaining ? Was it Sman or woman ? Out upon the creamy crests floated long, black, curl-tangled hair. The face was white as marble. Girl or youth, it was Sstrangely beautiful Oh! if the eyes would only open ! Oh! if the bloodless lips would only part, and breathe a single word! The eyes, black as starless midnight, did open; the lips did part; and a thrill of joy shot through the heart of the brave -girl as she trimmed her sail, drew more taut the sheets, and sent her frail boat Sbounding through the now sun-gilded waves. lUp with thie helm ! Ease off the sheets ! By the side of the broken topmast, Sgently rocking; s a nautilus on the wave Tless bosom of a tropical ocean, lay the little boat. With nimble, nervous fingers, Annie Lokwood undid the thrice-knotted cords, and strove to raise the limp form-boy : or woman she had not time to decide. Too great the weight, however, for one as frail as she; and from her benumbed '"fingers it slipped down, down into the fathomless depths of the oceau n! SA great cry of despair burst from her Slips. Tears, hot and blinding, fell upon Sher burning cheeks from her blue eyes. SShe sank into the bottom of the boat with a groan, though with her eyes still fixed -upon the spot where the form for which :she had ventured so much had disap peared. SBubbles break the surface, and a dark web. of tangled hair floats among the spray. A pale face flashes ghost-like above the brine. Ah! well she knows, that almost ocean born girl, that, if it sinks again, it will Snever rise to human ken; that sea-flowers will blossom around the white bones, and :sea spiders weave the black curls into , loathsome nests. S With e 'silent prayer, with a mighty Seffort, she twined her fingers in the long .hair, and sustained the weight with one hand until she could draw the end of the sheet under the arms with the other. Then, fastening it to the boat, she rested until her almost exhausted breath returned. Rested, although her fingers were busy smoothing away the dripping curls from the upturned face. But the Stouch, gentle as it was, thrilled her as she had neverbeen before. Some strange, S' subtile magnetism told her that it was not one of her own sex, that it was one gifted .with manhood, that she had perilled her life for; had saved from a watery grave. I But there was no time for fanciful i: emotion. What if the blood, boiling from her heart, deluged brow, cheek, and: Sneck ? What if modesty was startled by \- her handling of that scantlily robed Sform? He must be saved, and she must 0be the saviour. And here her sea :,knowledge was her best friend. i, Her single strength was not sufficient to lift the lad into the boat, and unfasten Sing the jib-halliards she easily hoisted : him from the water. : One single look to satisfy herself that She was not dead-only benumbed. One .look into those large, black eyes, and she threw her shawl over him, and turned \- away to guide her boat again to her rude "lighthouse home. (To be C~otiknueEd.) 