Plating witr Life.—An American paper ftatcs that boys in 'tbe West are in toe habit of laying between the rails of a railroad track and letting the trains pass over tbem ; they consider it braye. A boy, 9 years old, was killed recently' near Springfield in making this crazy experiment. A Detroit man is preparing an india-rubber boat, in which he means to " shoot Niagara." The boat will be air-tight, and he will be shut in with 20 minutes' air. Several persons are to be stationed below the Falls to tow the boat teshore. •Ghost m Cooma.—The following amusing sketch appears in thg Monarp jdercuru of Saturday:—Every town of any'io'te possesses r omething supenutural- appertaining to it— some well known focal ghpst/or some haunted dwelling; but ; hithertp WShad3||Bsea UoonTa iw an exception" inithis respeoCf However, ciroumstancoB alter ca^'es," and jve bave" it in our power jo°narrate fcr the esffecialbeiiefit of the loversof the aupernafcural a real live ghost'story—Mid a Cooma ghost, tpo.' We have tbe 'anecdote as it.was told next morning, in forcible though mwery language, to Davy by the survivor of that dreadful night, Jgm the Carrier; the names are fictitious, but we hav^no doubt many of our readers can vouch for (his ghost story:—Last Wednesday week^' Jein the Carrier had'buSness^in'Cpio.maf s'o" he harnessed .up his team, touched up his leaders,' anil away he wfenlfcgftily o^the road ; after .bestowing a . fewVblessings on his offaider and near-siHer, his' well-greased 'dray wheels rolled\him_ 6peedily into Cooma, the Bcene of his' destination. ^Business engaged •his attention the greater part of the day, s'p towar'ds. the eyening be camped at the well- %nown resort .jor carriers, unfixed'bis.horses, gave them a' fqed, and .turned them into 'a paddock for the night./ TJie billy was then janslyng, and before long, by the help of a convenient fijie, it responded in very warm -terms to the Bolieitatione of Jem the Carrier. He then unlocked lis' " grub" cheet, and satisfied the craving wants of nature. Jem now though t jof his. horses; he got a good feed of hay for tbem", put it in the bed of the dray, which h^ covered over, shafts and all, with his tarpaulin. Everything being all right, he rolled up the town just.as the stars began to twinkle and" dance merrily overhead, and, meeting "a few friends, Jem had a yarn ere he retired to rest. It was a bright and beautiful moonlight nighty though " Jack Frost" was ratller too perse- c veripg, when Jem the Carrier , started for bis camping ground, and ere the night had far advanced Jem'was coiled up in his' blankets, enjoying sweet refreshing slumber. At the dead hour of night, ere Cooma had put on her mantle of white, Jem the Carrier woke up, his thoughts tending towards his precious " billy," which he was sure contained some of the best tokay. Hark!,Some dreadful', sounds arrest his attention—from all parts of his dray there seem to be wrestling of evil ones, gnashing of teeth, while, as Jem says, above the din could be beard a'fast and furious chorus of deathly musio,' "'Crunching, moucbipg, griinching,".arid to" this strange and weird tune'Jem kept time through dread.' Our friend's hair stood erect: he lost" all inclination for the soothing beverage contained in. his burnt and blackened "billy," and helplessly awaited tbe conflict with his ghastly enemy. With time he at last gained courage to rise, opened his trembling eyes, and made a minute but cautious inspection of the dray, not forgetting to search the immediate vicinity of his whereabouts. Ail.'seemed .wrapped in sweet slumber; the moon was shining brightly, seeming to be the reigning power ; nought else met hie fearful gaze. He imagined he had been the victim of nightmare : .so he invoked the powers of the soothing god of sleep, and went to bed. Again tbe horrible din— tbe gnashing and wrestling—the " Crunching, munching, grunching"—assailed his 'ears. Sleep be could not ;'so he rose up. He went to the tail of bia dray, lifted the tarpaulin, looked at his feed of bay, and seeing nothing there felt convinced that his camping ground was the. ghastly midnight walk of the perpetrator of some tragedy. Djre forebodings filled bis heart K He walked' about to calm down his agitated fears," but the sharp, frosty nights of Monaro' drove him very reluctantly to his bumble retreat—but there was no rest for him. Tbe noise had increased tenfold! and our hero, in order to shut out from his gaze the sight of any apparition, covered himself from bead to'foot With his blankets. Nearer and nearer.came the dreaded sounds; footsteps were heard ;. but, aboW all, Jem couldn't stand the music. He resolved'to dress himself and take a stimulant' tp allay-his shattered nerves. But what sees be now ? Where he bad left two progatlcks nndet fli'e shafts, there were now six I. Poor Jem says he was "nailed to the spot—I couldn't stir for all the gold in Australia I I thought it was the Four footed D.——1 of Cooma coining to pay met visit." He spent a full half-hour contemplat ing the awful sight, anil be felt convinced he saw the cloven foot. He shut his eye's in the hope that the apparition would melt away; but the'gbosb was inexorable. Tbo cold sweat formed in big drops upon tbe carrier's forehead, anil be furtively prepared, to wrestle with the evil one. ' Oh I. didn't Jem 'pray fof. daylight; the minutes 'seemed to him like days.—Davy here asked Jem if he had had a nobbier, and our 'friend said all he had was "two nips."'—"What did you have for supper, Jem ?,"• " Nothing but salt 'horse, damper, and a pot Of tea."—Then it could not have been nightmare.". You're' poking borak now, Davy; did you ever'hear of a chap getting the nightmare on salt tack and damper ?" Even Davy was convinced it was a ghost "all in white" "No," says J£em Carrier, "I'm d d if it was the" nightmare. I mustered up all the courage I had remaining, and prepared to learn my' fate. I crawled up to the shaft,' notwithstanding that the horrible n6ise~ still continued, and determined to have'a goo'd look at his satanio highness, even if I died for it. Then —,". —" You needn't say any more," interposed Davy ; "he vanished in a flame of blue fire, leaving behind n strong smell of sulphur and brimstone.". " No, I'm blowed if he did ; for he stood there'stock still."—" In faith, whose ghost was it, then ?" inquired Davy, all anxiety. " Well," replied Jem the Carrier, " the ghost who frightened me ail night was' P 's' cream 'pony I There he was standing between the two shafts, the tarpaulin completely covering him, with his head in the dray, quietly munching the hay I had'put there to feed my horses in the morning." When Jem made the "discovery, fear gave place to rage, and seizing the whip he made some vigorous cracks at the enemy; but the tarpaulin saved tbe' disturber's back, and he rushed off amidst the—not benedictions, we assure you—of a'decided enemy to "nightmare" and Cooma ghosts. ' " ' ' Mo be Denoukcittq.—A Soman Catholic priest in' i parish near Tralee has denounced with " bell, book, and'candle" a man named Langley and his wife, whoBe offence was that they got married in a registrar's office instead of in a chapel, and the result is that their neighbours, t?h6 before were amicable, will now hold-ao communication with theim. A representation of tbe base has been forwarded to the Bight Bev. Dr. Moriarty, Boman-Catholic Bishop of Kerr Ksrorrr Ponri.—Supposa s nan towns a skiff; he fastens the skiff to the "shore with a ope made-'of straw ; along'co'me's a cow; oow gets into the boat turns around and eats the rope; theBkiS$hus let ibose,'with the cow ' on board;- starfe down "' stream, '"and-on its passage is upset'; the cow is drbwne4.- T Now, naa the man that bwns the cow'to pay for tbe * boa't, or the'man that owns the boat "to pay for the cow?, ..'•-- -.''-••"•-,.' y,-—London Dispatch. 