SYDNEY MARKETS. (PEOM EICNIEREON AKI) WHENCH'S CIECDLAE.) Wool.—The quantity of wool which has been 'brought into tbe market, for public sale during the jiast month, lias been so iuconsiilcrable — having "numbered 271 bales on'y—that no opinion can bo formpd on the result, as a guide to wliat may be expected to bo (ho course of the market for the new •clip, .which presently will bo coining to baud pretty •freely- Tim Into news froin London does not bear out Iho encouraging lio.pea which the previous mail's newB had given rise to, us there can be no doubt, upon a •closo examination of tho catalogues, so far as the sales had progressed, lliut the advance which hnd been established' at the opening of tho salts had not been maintained, and that prices, although generally not materially depressed, had ruled somewhat more irregularly. Tile- disturbing influence appears to bo more the rt-Buit of the weather and its probable effect oil the .English and Continental harvests than of the "additional quantity of the staple, included in the caiulogues; although, of course, this cause would have also a slight depressing tendency, whilst the trade for woollen manufactures remained somewhat dull, yet showing au improvement on tbe first part of tbo year. The present range of prices in Sydney is nominally the same as last month, viz.:— Booured, first quality 20d. to 22d. (none offering) „ -fair quality 17d. to 19d. „ ordinary 13d. to 16d. -Fleece, goodcondiUoned j lfla to 10J (ffl(r offerjDg) „ fair quality....... 13d. to 15d. „ ordinary Sd. to 12d. Greasy ..-. Bd. to 9d. ' STATIONS. * The operations during the month have not been of an important character, although every salo made has fchown an improvement ia price, more especially for teattle properties. This class of security ia likely to increase in value still further, as ercry operation proves the opinion we expressed long since, that the Available cattle in the colony hare always been greatly over estimated. In store tti'cl, the demand for catile . still cpntinues, and .well-bred bullocks from two to «ix years-old are quoted at f;5s. toGOs.; and cows, •same ages; at 45s. to 60s. per held. - Wc have sold a large Queensland cattle station, for delivery at the end of tbe year at 50s. per head, cash. AtJCiroM.—Attention is directed to Mr. North's advertisement of auction salts of fiorses, bootmakers' goods, &e.;, to be held this day. EBHATUSL—Tbe paragraph In our last is6ue about i tbe escape of two prisoners from tbe Albury gaol was incorrect on one point. Wo are now informed .that It was Constable Curran who arrested tbe prisoner , Chppman after Jiis cscape from tbe gaol. •£IKD SELEOMOSS. — Tlie following conditional tourcbases -were taken up last Thursday at the Albury land Office .-'—Michael Shea, of Albuiyj 100 acres at the, Burrumbuttock Creek; Thomas Donohoe, of. Albuiy,'-100' acres at Burrumbuttock 5 Walter Thompson, of Ten Mile Creek (late of Snieaton, " Victoria) ltiG acres and iSi acres at Oookendiua; John CoBison Gibfce, of Corowa, two selections each (of 160 arfes in tbe parish of Corowa; Johh Alexander, of Howlong, 100 acres at Goombargama; ^obann T, Grosse, of Albuiy, 40 acres at Jindera; total, S80 acres.. . COEOWA.—On Wcdftesday evening, the Amateur Varieties, usually called "-Popular Headings," came off at tbe At heoeeum. There was a very iaige attendance,- gome250 persons being present, Captain George Fierce being the great attraction of the evening, lbs. Neil), end Messrs. Daniels and Stewart eang several songs. Mr. Daniels read a portion of Macaulay's " Virginia," and tbe "Vulgar Little. Boy " Captain Pierce (or rather Commodore, as hois now termed) came out Vrilh the " Fast Young Man," which, as ereiy one who knows the Commodoro can readily understand, he managed to perfection j and, what with this. Jo. commence, followed by "£o did Mrs. Johnson," caricatures of English, Yankee, arid Dutch characters, together with old MJS> Jones ventriloquised, kipt the house in one fontinuol roar of laughter. - There-is-to be anothcr cntertainiteiit Ob Saturday, if tbe Ccmmo- . doro 1B not obliged to leave, when be pur- J>osei"ih"tr63acing his red ghosts. On "Thursday, abpnt nine' o'clock p.m., Mr. Joseph Emglit,^ of Collaidini, ibet with a eevere fall from his horee in the township, bpposite tbe Boyal Hoteh rortunattJy no bones were broken, but bis face and head were eevcrelv cat and the .muscles of tlie shoulder lacerated. Sr. wiion, of XVahgunyah, was speedily in"attendanco. 