TO MY COUSIN IN AMERR1KY. 'Barret was hanged by the neck till he was dead,, for that terrible bio win' up in London — the dhreadtul crime that the police knew was comin', an' that they stood lookin' on an' saw done for the glory of the force. An' they ha\ e hanged no policeman, or put any in jail, or punish' t one of them in any mortal way. EveD the auiadhan mild She'eia of a he woman that got * ? . ? 4. lilt i 1 ? 1 1 1« word in '.-time an'.uec cne uniug ue aone, ne s ac the head of the. force s bill, to keep it in what larnt people, call a solubryus state of organised inanity; the sr.an.dard of jackassism for an' a-l- mirin' wori.' Iiowauuiver, they hanged Barrett an' that's so much done. He was the last one j that'll be honor' d with a sight of his own wake, j In time to come, them that got the length of the \ gallows uiuat be content. to ]ave the worl' in a way as much like sacret murdfeer as the law | can make it. They're to bo choked modestly an' dacently in a middle of a genteel company speshally invited to see the play, without any of the rough-raff to look on. It's to be what they call a private performance. They say Barrett was a Fermanagh man j but I don't know. Did I tell you that Murphy, the commarshal thraveller of the divel in England, is a Fermanagh man, by the name of Armsthrong, .from Magheraboy ? One of his brethren in the labor of love, came over to Belfast the other day an' offered to get up the riots again on very chape tarms ; but they wouldn't take the offer. The Catholics let him alone, hhe Protestants would have nothin' to say to him, an' the magis trates offer'd him his choice — the outside of the town, or the inside of the Crumlin Road Hotel. He retir'd in disquest from sich a mane-spirited | place, an' returned to the skull- crackin' liberty k of merry England. But about Barret -his sweetheart^ a dacent lookin' purty girl, saw tha last of him, afther comin' a weary way to see it. She stood there, with white face an' shakin' body, an saw the law takin' him that whatever he was was the light of her eyes — takin' him out before the crowd, an' swingin' him off into etarnity. I suppose she didn't tnink he did it. They say none of his fren's think he did, but what's the use of sayin' that ! Bat to think of the love of that girl — I wish I had the like of her ! Blissins on her, any way, for being thrue to the tarrible last. Well, well, it's a folly to fret ; so away with melancholy an' more power to nonsense ! Do you think you could lilt this to ' Roy's Wife of Aldivalloch ?' Oh, the witching lips of Maggie ! Oh, the roguish eyes of Maggie ! The wreaching smiles and laughing wiles Around the eye3 and lips of Maggie ! Would that I could see them now, Those eyes in liquid laughter gleaming ; With depth of thought, and wealth of heart, And kindly feelings from them beaming ! The smiles that tell her thoughts so well, They leave the tongue no need of speaking ; The looks so bright from which the light Of Maggie's sunny soul is breaking. Oh, the witching lips of Maggie ! In this delicious leafy time, When joyous nature round is singing, Could I but meet those deep bright eyes, And hear her bell-voice lightly ringing ! Could I — but stop ! I'll have to drop A theme so dangerous as this is : For eyes and smiles, and lips and wiles, Will somehow chime with Maggie's kisses ! Oh, the witching lips of Maggie ! ' Bless the roguish eyes of Maggie ! The wreathing smiles and laughing wiles Around the eyes and lipa of Maggie ! A very good subject an' very good song — only | jist that it's lost work to spin it. If you had | only taken it into your inuysint skull to be| christen'd by any Christytian sort of name that | would ryme with any raysonable word, a body | might spin a song on you. But the way it is, | none but a full blood cockney jaynius could [? make any han' of it. He'd ryme Almantherf with as many words as you like. A common 1 f eliow could do nothin' with sich a Moorish | name, barjrin' in Moorish, methre. } Smiles of Summer, breeze of summeT', ' ? | As ye wanton o'er earth now, ; When ye. reach the fair Almautha, ' i As ye kiss her thoughtful brovv — I As ye lift her grove-like tresses, ? | As ye press Alinautha's cheek, ; Tell her how her doting cousiu — No ? bedad, the'd best not speak ! ' t Did you ever before or since you were born jj met with sich a set as the farmers ? What lots ] of brains has been boil'd up thryin' to get at | what they call perpetual motion. As they could 1 never make it out— though the thing's as aisy | as kiss my han\ Mightn't anybody with the \ bare ghost of gumption be able to toll that per- \ petual motion manes the farmer's grumlin'. \ That's a thing that never stops. Summer an' \ winther, an' ab Aisther Sunday ; late an' arly, j an' at suppertime ev'ry day it rain?, and ev'ry | day it dosn't, from Tib's Eve to etarnity, the farmer growls on. A fifty Calcraft ehokin' j power wouldn't stay him. Whether its windy | or calm, sunny or dark, fair or rainin'— on he growls as if he was the grutnlin' clock of the \ univarse, woundup at the creaytion, an' to run;; for ever. He aeeais to never be on spakin' tarms \ with Providence ; for he always has a hard-word I to say of him. If we only get a cupple of good | days runnin' you're sure to hear the growl risin' | like the soucii of a summer sthracae in the * gloamin', or like the midges bagpiper, the bum- I clock. I wislisoaiobody would taaunyfacther a j masheen for stoypin' this etarnal growl agen the sj wether. We huve as good a sayson as ever was \ invented ; but the compleuts . are goin' still. \ Well, let them go ; for beiu'. endless motion \ 'twould be folly to think of stoppin' them. j Let the farmers growl for ever, Like a rocky mountain river, As it grumbles— tumbles — jumbles — rumbles on, i For myself, I deem it duty ; To be spakin' of the beauty Of my siinny, bomiy wa.ii.Hn bawn— lawn donn — Moyocbas, a's rno wiiidin bawn. I Stor mo-chvPf!, mo waidin ! j Realt mo ohreo, mo cdaiiin ! ' j Dochas dean, mo waidin bawn ! j As the skylarks maiin gushes, . ' ' j When, on shiv'riny wing he rushes I Singing— springing— as he mounts to meet the j dawn _ . ;. . | So my callin's voicoso thrilling- ' 1 Sinks into my bosom, filling '! [t with fondness for my ..waidin1 bawn— lawn 3 dawn — ' ? . .' t Mo youha'a, a's rao waiden bawn ! &c.; 5 I have the honor to inform you,' ma'am, that| that's betther nor the ould words, an' if it won't 1 fit the tune, jist make the tune fit it, if you f plaze— dochas agus maidin hawn, manes fairl maid ; lawn is a word of fondness ;? donn manes0 brown- haired ; dochas manes hope ; stor mo chree, threasure af my heart ; realt mo chree, star of my heart, dcas, han'some. So lilt away, ' there's more, where was she.' I relly don't know what they're at in parly ment, an' I don't suppose they know themselves. An' what's more, they don't seem to care. There the other night Mr. Bright prach'd Dizzy a sar mon that might have convarted the worst road surveyor in Ireland from the arror of his ways. Dizzy listened as sollem as a thurkycock * at sthreot-preachin' till John was done. Dizzy — To the onanserable ellyquince of the ^honorable gentleman, so deep that I am duly sartin it would take him the rest of his life to fadom it himself, 1 have only to reply, that I fhave got a few lines from a gifted constytuent of pay fren', Mr. Cole, an', with the Spaker's lave, I'll lilt them for the good of the sarvis — The Groves of Blarney, one summer's moruin', r . Went out a rovin' to Castlecoole, But stood congested in exudation When they encounter' d ihe^Moddle School Those groves so splendid in aggravation All on their hunkers sot down to pray, When Mr. Whalley, that graceful hayro, Came prowlin* forward along the way — Mr. Whalley— Ordhcr, Sir ! I. rise to ordher . — an' confusion — an' to brache of privileg. That my own Song, Sir, that he is singin' it was made for me, however the sorrow the Torylader got it into his trappie. Gladstone-— Aisy, Whalley ; let him sing it out. It's jist as good as anything else he puts out of him. Dizzy— I'm sorry that I had the misfortune to pick up what was intended ior Mr. Whalley, an' is so worthy of his jaynius. I hope he'll over look the mistake an' favour the company with the rest of it. (Sing, Whalley sing Song a song of nonsense, ? A thoat ful of fudge, ? ?'' ? . Sing, Whalley, sing, Or we wont let you- budge, ' Wlialiey— Sweet bad luck to the tune I'll thurn the night. That's news for you ! Well, you may guess if that sort of work's dtiin' much for Ireland, ' the land of song. ' ?Barney Osborne's the best singer among them. Says he — , Hurrah for the Whigs and the Tories ! ? , Hurrah for the Radicals too ! -: . Hurrah for the session of nonsense — Let's blether away tiil's blue ! ; ? ? Ti-dy-iddytum, tiddytum, \ Ti-dy- itherum dew ; The Church in the lurch, an' the nation I .Come-jummlety, fommlety, row : \ This session's a march on the thredmill ; \ We're stampin' away, do you see, i But trampin', an' praucin', an' workin', ! The never a haporth do we. \ Move power to Gladstone an' Dizzy ! ! For dodgin' jiat them alone : Like uaileis they're keeping us busy, But, och, sure we're not gettin' on ! i Ti-dy-iddytum, tiddytum, &c.; Well, dear, here's something maybe a tasfce more ?dacent an' saj-soiiable than that parly ment rhynie— ? Bright is this world, aed the sky smiles fair, In the-vsunny, leafy, laughing, merry mouth of . June. Flow'rs gam the earth, music floats on the air, In the sunny, leafy, laughing, merry month of ? June, | June is the dearest, June is the rarest, \ June is the jewel of nature's boon ; ? | She still sweetest, she still fairest — | The sunny, leafy, laughing merry month of \ Jane. ? \ Look at the lake in the rippling smiles \ Of the suuny, leafy, laughing, merry month of | i June, Gazs on the raazs of our leaf green isles In the sunny, ieafy, laughing, merry month of June, June is the richest, June is the brighest ; She has a riyiit to' the liveliest tune, Sung when the heart of man is the lighest — Tins sunny, leafy, laughing, merry month of June. If you have a tunn for that, sing on. If you haven't there is' musiok in itself ; V So keep liltin', liltin', liltin1, ? ). Liltin5 up the praise of June — ? !;? Heri)£t»e tandor, skies of splendor, Flo vv'ivs liko yon, Almanbha bloom, So no more at present from your beloved cousin, _ ' ' ? ( Barney Maglonk. — EnnisltW.cn Advertiser. ?.???? 