LATEST SPORTING. The settling on the Melbourne Cup, which, as stated' in our issue of Saturday lost, wob postponed for the conve nience of tho Sydney bookmakers and some others who had not relumed from Melbourne, took place on last Monday night, and went off satisfactorily. There were some absentees, as there invariably arc among the backers on such occasions, not from inability to meet their engage ments, but from forgctfulnesB of the occasion, &c.; There were, however, no inquiries for absentees, end the settling went off well. Glencoe was about the beat horse in the race for the Sydney people, who, consequently, are good winners. After the settling there was some speculation on future events. Italian was freelv backed at 4 to 1 for Tattersall's Club Cup, and at 8 to f for the Gold Cup. Tim Whiffler was backed at tbe same price for the latter, as were also Glencoe, The Barb, andBylong. For the Port Phillip Stakes, The Barb end Glencoe were the moBt fan cied ; and for the Port Phillip Derby, Fenella, the Earl, Mv Dream, and Avalanche. A good deal of the settling, left over from Monday evening, has taken place during the week, and speculation has been brisk. Italian is very firm at present at 7 to 2 for Tattersall's Cup, and Bylong has supporters at C to 1. Karoola remains at 4 to 1, and has been becked both singly and in doubles. Orlando has a Rtrongbody of supporters, who never tire of taking7 to 1 about him, hut G to 1 iB all that can now be obtained Grey Momus and Sailor Boy are backed occasionally at longer prices. Avalanche was backed for thie race a few weeks since, but it iB rumoured— indeed it is stated ou good authority— that she is going to have a throw in for the Victorian Derby on New Year's Day, and hence she is now in request for this race. The price ie 3 to 1 on the field, at which Fenella, the Earl, and My Dream have been operated upon. Antelope is being backed at a long price — 8 to 1 was laid against him early in the week. The curtain is not yet raised in regard to the Barb and Glencoe for the Fort Phillip Stakes, nor is it likely to be for some time to come ; meanwhile both are being backed. Mr. Tait returned to Melbourne by the boat on Wednesday last, and took with him Warwick and the Earl. Shocking Attempts at Suicide.— Three cases of attempted suicide are reported in the Newcastle Pilot of Wednesday. That paper says : — ' On Sunday night, about 10 o'clock, a most determined attempt at sell- destruction was made by a seaman named George Henry Allshorn, temporarily residing in Blane-street. It appears that tile unfortunate man had formerly been cook and steward of a vessel, but during the lest fcrtnight, being unable to attend to his duties, he had been staying at Tattersall's Hotel, where he committed the rash act. During last week he drank rather heavily, and on Saturday last he appeared to be much depressed in spirits ; on Sunday hie despondency became so marked that an acquaintance, named Captain Stewart, who was lodging in the house, did not consider it safe for him to he at large. During the day a strict watch was kept over his movements, and, finding that he was not violent, he was allowed to he at large until 10 o'clock on Sunday night, when he retired to bed, Cap tain Stewart, sleeping in the same apartment, and accom panying him. About a quarter of an hour afterwards Allshorn jumped up in bed and shouted to his companion, ' My bed is full of blood !' Finding that the man was becoming violent, Captain Stewart got up and struck a light, and he then saw that Allshorn was covered with bleed, which was flowing from a frightful gash in his tbioat. Medical assistance wob obtained— the man in the meantime being prevented from doing himself farther mis chief, and, on Dr. Degner's arrival a few minutes after wards, the wound was stanched and firmly bandaged. During the remainder of the night Captain Stewart sat by Allshorn's bedside, and had great difficnlty in preventing the attempts which he frequently made to tear off the bandages and reopen the wound, On Monday morning he was removed to the hospital, where he still lies in a very precarious state, bat faint hopes being entertained of his recovery. The Rev. Mr. Nairn sat with him for seme hours on Monday, when he appeared to he in a calmer state of mind, but fearfully weak from loss of blood. Yesterday morning another attempt at suicide was niade by a seaman named Villi am Kilpatrick (who also afterwards endeavoured to drown himself), at & lodging bouse in Scott-street. We were informed, last even ing, but cannot vouch for the correctness of the report, that a seaman, while being conveyed on hoard has ship, sprang overboard and tried to drown himself. He was re covered before he could accomplish his purpose. A Novel Chase. — The following account of an attempted escape, and a successful capture, iB given by tho Newcastle Pilot:— On Saturday afternoon an inebriated sailor while hotly pursued by the police, and apparently not fancying the probability of a sojourn in the lock- up until Monday, plunged from the Market Wharf into the river, and swam in the direction of his vessel, which was lying near the drop ship. On reaching the middle of the stream some gentlemen in a pleasure boat who had observed the occurrence, attempted to rescue the man— who had then been in the water about ten minutes— from his perilous position, but he stoutly resisted all their efforts, end they were ultimately compelled to let him go, keeping close to him so that he might be seized again when the opportunity offered. In the mean time the police boat had been got under way, and was rapidly overhauling the man, who perceiving this, redoubled his efforts to get away. A few minutes afterwards, how ever, sergeant Donohoe managed to seize him by the hair ; and after a desperate struggle succeeded in getting him into the boat, where he was secured by ropes, and in a short time afterwards taken to the lock-up. The man was in tire water fully twenty minutes, with sis clothes on, and yet on being taken ashore he did not appear to be in the least fatigued, but on the contrary gave the police considerable trouble in getting him through the streets. Apparition.— A report is current, observes tire Ncw~ castle Chronicle, that the apparition of a woman clothed in white has recently been seen on the Breakwater Beach. The object, it is eaid, makes its appearance between the hours of nine and twelve at night, and has been witnessed by a number of people from the hilL In one or two in stances the spectators have descended the cliff, and gone close up to where the ' ghost ' was last noticed, but, as is usually the case with ghosts, nothing whatever was to be seen. IftheghoBt is really a female we hope that, in future, she will keep better hours. Insurance of Church Property.— At a meeting of the Presbytery of Geelong, held recently, the following overture waa laid upon the table and adopted without dis cussion : — ' Whereas it is desirable that the whole pro perty of the Church should he covered by insurance against fire or tempest, it is humbly overture! to the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, by the Presbytery of Geelong, that it takes, this matter into con sideration with the view of organising a scheme by which the Church may become the insurer of her own property, and the benefits of insurance be extended to all her congre gations at a moderate rate of premium.' How Cabmen are dealt with in Victoria- — According to the Argus , the police are making strenuous efforts to put some restraint upon cabmen, whose neglect of the rnlea laid down for their guidance has lately resulted in one or two serious accidents. Fourteen of them were on Thursday summoned in the District Court for trotting rapidly across the intersections of streets, contrary to an. order of the City Council expressly prohibiting it. They were, with one exception, fined 2s. 6d. each, with 5s. ooste. Political Rumour. — A rumour is current in town, (says the Newcastle Chronicle) just now, to tbe effect; that the Hon. J. B. Darvall, Esq., formerly member for East Maitland, will be an opponent of our present member at the next general election, which is thought by many to. be very near. Mr. Darvall, we understand, is at present on his way back to the colony, and directly he arrives- in Sydney he is to be presented with a numerously signed, requisition requesting him to stand for Newcastle at the next general election, whenever that may take place. . We (Argus) have to announce the death of Mr. Ambrose Kyte, which occurred at his residence, Lygon-atreet, Carlton, at half-past 6 o'clock on Monday morning. Mr. Kyte had been seriously ill for some weeks, and for the last fortnight had been gradually sinking. His complaint was inflammation of the lungs, very much aggravated .by nervous agitation, which ultimately took the form of ner vous prostration. There were various circumstances connected with his affaire — the recent aotionB brought against him, unfavourable speculations, depreciation in the value of his property, and other matters — which occasioned him a great deal of anxiety, and materially added to the effect of the com plaint from which he was dying. He retained the use of : niB faculties to the last. He has left; a widow and three children, viz., one son and two daughters, one of whom is. married. It is satisfactory to know that his estate, although, not in the prosperous condition in which it was corns years . ego, when the- rent it yielded amounted to £15,000 per annum, iB still very large, and when some incumbrances, have been removed, whioh -will probably be effected in two or three years, will produce thehtrndsome revenue of £9800. a year. Mr Kyte was bora in the year 1£S-2,' at Nenagh, in the county of Tipperasy, and was pnt to . work, at an early age. When only eighteen ne emigrated, to Fort Phillip, and arrived here in 18-0. The colony— then only some four or ftve years old — was struggling. through the difficulties of its infant life, and- was in a. rather unprosperous condition when Mc. Kyte leaden. H& was glad to ebtain employment in a brewery for ten shil lings a week, a salary which was afterwards increased, to twenty shillings. Poorly paid as he was, by rigid economy ho managed to save half of his slander wages, but lorn: ground somewhat in the years 1843 and 1844, employment then being scarce, and his earnings extremely BtnaR, ~ Aa time advanced circumstances improved, trade began, to look up, work was more plentiful, audita 1845 Mr, Kytogot on well enough to be enabled, towards the end of the year, to open a hay and com store in Baurke-strcet; oppo site the Eastern -Market, the site being that on whioh ?' Ky te's-buiWirgs ' ware afterwards erected. His business rapidly extended, his store became one of general merchandise, and Mr. Kyte soon found himself in a posi tion to acquire some londtand house properly. Many of his houses were erected ob. ground held on lease. As he realised his property in this form, and his income from, house rent increased, ha turned his attention less to mer cantile matters, and in 1857 retired from business of this kind altogether. His property by this time waa very ex tensive in Bourko-street (subsequently taoludtag the Theatre Hoyal), Swanston-street, and CcShngsrooi,andhts annual rent-roll was an almost princely one. It is sold Mr. Kyte died intestate. We observe from the Port Louis (Mauritius) Ga&tlt; that a soldier of the 32nd Regiment, named Ball, had been poisoned by drinking a solution of arsenio&l; soap, which he mistook for milk, not discovering his mistake : until ho had swallowed a quantity of the poisonous fluid. 