" ORNAMENTS OF THE CHURCH (OF ENGLAND) AND OF THE MINISTERS THEREOF " — RUBRIC. To the Editor of The Herald. SIR, — It is now about a quarter of a century since I used to address Gathercole, editor of the Church Intelligencer — his work on Dissent was rather of a sensational character — and Bishop Blomfield (whether wisely or otherwise, it is unnecessary to discuss), strongly recommended that even to the junior clergy of London diocese, in one of his early charges, upon his removal to that see from Chester. Under signature of Anglican Faith and A. F., as its initials, — not only philological critiques, but theological and rubrical articles of mine, appeared periodically. And when Gilbert French determined on manufacturing the "Ornaments of the Church (of England) and of the Ministers Thereof," I took an active part in all rubrical questions discussed in that Church Intelligencer. In making that confession in limine, I do so with this intent, viz., that your readers may see the force of the remark, that I am here as a cabinetmaker without his machinery — my library is one hundred and sixty miles away from me; and if I go in for this "ornament" discussion, I do so unsupported by every instrument but one — which is my pocket companion — the Book of God! Chancing (like the man who drew a bow at a venture, and shot Israel's King through the joints of his harness, i.e., coat of mail) and glancing at the same moment my eye over the heading of an Edinburgh edition of the Hebrew Testament, it lighted upon these words — "The dimensions and ornaments of the Temple," 2nd Chronicles chap. iii. Not recollecting anything like that in my Oxford edition of the same Testament, I opened at that reference and found it "The posterity of Caleb, Hezron, Jerahmeel," &c.;, and from many years of careful comparison of Professor Scholefield's Hints for a New Translation of the books of inspired penmen, with various others (German, American, and Anglican), I long years ago came to a settled opinion, it was high time that this liberty of different printers to do as they liked with marginal matters of hagiographical books should have some restraint or curb put upon it. So now to the question of ornaments, which I see re- ferred to by an extract from some charge of the Venerable Archdeacon Hone. I conclude that the venerable divine has upgrown during my thirteen cases of very laborious work for God in this colony. I do not at all recollect to have met with the name in literis whilst I was much engaged amongst the literati of the London com- munity; but as a hope is, as you know, a whetstone whereon to sharpen adzes or knives, or surgical instruments, even so it is possible that the perusal of what has been quoted in your columns of November 16th, 1868, may have served to have whetted my steel to have thrusting these "Ornaments." 1\. The first question naturally is, what mean we by this word? I recollect the Baronet Peel, M.P. for University of Oxford, describing Cobden's assaults upon the Corn Laws as "unadorned eloquence," on his being vanquished by it, in spite of his previous political education — which only tended to show that eloquence when "unadorned" was most ornate, being able to captivate the leader of a powerful parliamentary phalanx, and scatter the ranks to their own country homes discomfited — tails down, like run- away dogs in a fair ! 2\. If, then, we apply the philological lancet to the word "ornaments " and draw out our cambric handkerchiefs to rub off the mist from our gold eye-glasses, we suddenly see, that before ever we plunge into the busy waters of a disturbed ocean of wordy strife, it is most desirable to cry out, in military style, "Halt!" What is the mot d'ordre, recounts the Horse Guards word of command ? 3\. And upon looking down the commandment given by the Holy Ghost, to Solomon the Jew, saying (so says the Chronicle), "These are the things wherein Solomon was instructed for the building of the House of God," one can- not fail to discern that many men at this hour most surely are resisting the Holy Ghost: As their fathers did, so do they, and they need to be instructed ! 4\. "The measure and ornaments of the House." Such is the wording at the head of the chapter, another and different version from what stands at the head of the page. But as both of them come from Edinburgh (the Modern Athens), even if a dozen various readings came from that renowned quarter, all would equally be inspired of the Holy Ghost: no sermon from that city is uninspired of God ! whether from the Church of freemen or of slave- men. And on turning over another leaf, what comes next — "The furniture of the sanctuary." Talk of "unadorned eloquence;" why, Sir, such language as that from the shadow of Holyrood Palace is surely fit for Cherubim and Seraphim continually to chant to all sorts of instruments of music. And as £300 was (I think) the cost of St. Andrew's Cathedral Church font, I would most lovingly suggest to the managing committee of that building and its furniture, whether it might not have been better that they had studied Hebrew Testament a leetle bit more, and have gone in for a "font of brass," and thereby have shown themselves rather wee bit canny ! 5\. But as to the candlesticks, and such like, beware of "brass candlesticks " there is something exceedingly shocking in having such scullery furniture, as that, thrust into the Sanctuary of the Most High ! Step up stairs, gentlemen, to your private drawing and dining rooms and libraries. Seize hold of your golden candlesticks, let all be of "pure gold," — none of your silver gilt, or worse, let none be of taser metal plactd in silver ! For what says the Holy Ghost? Read the last four verses of what Solomon commanded and accomplished for the house of our Lord, as contained in the fourth chapter of II. Chronicles. And then resolved that, no matter what Doctor Phillimoro, or Archdeacon Hone, or any other child of man, may write or say, carry a resolution and stick to it — that, by the help of your God, all "such ornaments of the Church, and of the minister thereof," as can be procured for either money or love of God, shall be procured and daily used in the Cathedral Church of the province of all Australia. Poverty is no disgrace, but covetousness is rank idolatry So says the Holy Ghost ! I am, Sir, yours truly, DANIEL P. M. HULBERT. Gundagai, 18th November, 1868. 