SLOAL AND GEN.ERAL NEW. ; T?,cs E nglish mail' will close at the Ipsweich Post o030e on Tuesday evening st eight o'clock for news papers, iand on Wednesday at boon for letters. .etters.by.the incoming mail will probably be delivred here on Monday mornamrg. On Tue~sdaymorningthe Governor, accompanied by. his Private Becretary, visited and inspected tile e-iice Court, and the several offdces within the build ,iii. He was received by the Police Magistrate and 3, :J.T8mith. He appeared to take particular interest in the land office oand the working of the pre Spent ac, making scveral inquiries of Mr. H. . . Smish, who gave him every information. He also conversed iph some GeCrman farmers, who happened to be in Sthe oflce, respecting their holdings, their prospects, \- and ,theirSoreps. Ho then visited the lock-up and liberated a prisoner who had been sentenced to 24 l:eprs' imprns0nmeat in default of paying a fine for diunknneps. Thocm 's explanation of how he got drunk was amusing. His colleecy, who expressed Shhimmaf vfey much pleased Tith tie visit, returned to t~e club at noon, and satoed for Brisbase, by the \- spud, atpbout,4$we o'cleck.'' " Thoelen for'Eas t Moreton took place yesterday. ]Mr. B. .3ib bhaving retired from the contest, Messrs. Joir?an and .Blake were the only candidates. The nu?nbers ?l?iolled in North Brisbane were Jordan 213, BH ss .... • W,,,,ea?ir eusted to state that the trustees of the pwich"ammar School are making arrangemente oree-pemg*eothfor dayupils and boarders, on the f8thl` anuary. Pull part will be announced in S?,a daysm i anpdvertesment. A meeting of the Bhow committee of the' Agricul toral Boietys.held; h Tuesday afternoo in i Mr. Thomp on's leel. Colonel Gray presided. The prinipal basineses onsisted in examininig athd paising tbhe'tebuntns. Some discssionitook place in respect to Mr.D.Bergin'saccount for refreshmenttesappliedat ?te .plolghiug matol. The fistatoonnt furaished was £27. This match the committee outdown tol£15, but t,, l Orit. o f the, meeting considered this excessive, and Begin eonsented to take £10, which sum was passed. With one or two trifing exceptions the other .eoloteivnereaeed, It was resolved that the Pre let'!hould bute the prizes with certiicates of merit to the sucessfulexhibetors in thechosol of rts a titefternoon evening of Tuesday .next. A com ltteewaspepointed to draw.np a report to be read astat oeeasmen. We had the pleasure last evening of inspecting one oflhioedala and certifioates issued by the Commis : psn pits iT~ntercolonial and Pans Exhibition of £866 to thoise who were sencessfil in gaining prizes. i r. O.Gorry, of ?uast-street, Ipswich, wa awaided a pe for esaddlery, and obtained honourable mention c litssh sapme at Paria. The medal which he has now reseived was long in coming, but it was worth waiting for. It is ap dfbrent. from the trumpery tinsel hi ithusea by theMelbourne Commiesioners. It is . xsl , ly abrone meal,a end £ beantifulspeomieon of the artist's skill. Oneside shows a very fine bust of Sthe Qeen. in bold relief, and we have Er. Her bert'a testimony that the likeness is admirable. Eound the edge are the words "Exhibition of colonial products, Br-ba Q?eenlapd, 1866." The obverse .bOp vePry delicately exeouted representations of the prinipal vegetable products pe?culiar to the colony, w .'i, hre oIfcommercial value, and the words " ic or ~s in laUdemsforte oseratelotfoi'," which, freely t dwe understand to mean tist hardy colo . i "mamy expect P attain distinction by working for it. Ties medalaltogether is one that any man might feel?gp d to posseas. The ertifiate aooompanying itis a very tasteful well-executed specimen of litho Sgraphy, the work, we beliere, of Mr. Ham, of the Queensland Government Printing Office. The design is well. conceived and well carried out, including several views en sddailon, among others the Towns vale cotton plantation of Captain Towns on the Iegan, and the sugar plantation of Captain Hope at Cleveland. There are also alegorical figures of Peape, Plenty, &e.;, and fern and other trees--the , ertificate sined by Captain O'Cenncll as chairman * o jl?heflomm ssion ccupying the centre, and specifying "tbWrd article for which the prizeewas awarded. We ?nderstand that similar medals and certificates \- have behpn reeived also by Mr. Thompson for tobacco, by Mr. Sahl for cotton, and by Mr. Davis for proe served mnst. , ?erv.ed eats, numbered, for the Elooution Class entertainmet to take placeon Monday evening, may S be engaged at the School of Arts on Saturday and Monday, and we have been requested to state that no .eueh.deorderl. oondnct will be permitted as wes in daidged in on. he last ocasion when reserved seate were "jumped" by those who had no claim to them. We are informed that Burton's circns is doing such a good stroke of busineas in Brisbane, that the inten tion of returning to Ipswich for the races has been pabmdonedet To-morrow being Christmas day (Friday again Sn?r htual nluck) will be a close holiday for all but the printer. The banks, and, we presume, most of the stores, will also be closed on Boxing Day (Saturday), the first'day of the races, and it will be Tuesday before the town resumes its ordinary (!) aspect of commer cial activity. On that day also Parliament re- asembles, and our tisual Summary for Europe will be published. The following letter to the editor appears in a late issue of the SydSey Empire :-Sir,-I obserre in your issue of the 27th ultimo a statement relative to "the prson calling himself Count Von Attems," in which the following paragraph occurs: -" We may presume, therefore, that the Hamlet's Ghost has been put out of commission and laid up in ordinary, and it is not impossible that she may yet find her way back to her disconsolate owner, in Brisbane, who would no doubt be glad to give back in exchange the bills, which le haa not found at all exchangeable." As thie former owneFy of the Hamlet's Ghost, I beg to inform you that I disposed of that vessel for cash before delivery1 and as 'neither myself nor my firm had any papeor transactions with the pseudo count, I have no reason toftal disconsolate, but am, on the contrary, pcr lectly satisfied. Your insertion of the above will Oblige, S yours truly, GoEoa H?a?os. Brisbane, P- th Deestuber. 