. ITEMS OF NEWS. ' 1 Frolu pressure of matter we are compelled to hold over some local reports ;. and lato Melbourne ad vertisements, whieh'we wdU give prominent notice to in our to-mqiTOw'S issiie. . - Yesterday, Messrs. Yiviari arid Ford forwarded r» MiinWtiHr'nf Ismnrirri rrtfJs tri. Mf Ori'/? NsWCflStlo. N eiv Soutii ; Wales, .for. artesiftn . well-boring, for tho purpose of obtaiiiirig supplies "of "water on tlie station at that place.. .: " q,. 7 ' The Mayor during, tlie summer, - weather liad good reason for not donhingrtlie. silken robe <of liis office,- but now tlie 'same reason does not ex ist, for ivitli tlie villainously-; cold1 chamber : a robe or a blanket, wonld be'acceptable to any oiie. hav- ing to sit witliui its aanip waus, ana exposeiq 10 tlie rush of wind that' ahnbst carries, everything before ;it, as it passss ' tliroiigli the iniscrahly-cle- signed hniiding. .;, .. .... A.ff,; :.,; i At one -.of, Mr : Jpnes's meetings at-Baliarat tlie other niglit, he found tlio : argument against "o- vermrient 'by ' despatches disagreeably ciu'toiled by a very pert iuquii'y front an' elector, wliicli' we recommend to tlie local wiseacres who; in tlie ab sence of any more substantial ground of opposi tion against the Goyenior and the Ministry, have resorted to that cry, i;_ If, said; tlio, elector in ques tion to Jones— who, it is only foir to his modepty to say, exhibited -all- tlie distressing signs of heiilg cornered—' " If you believe that- tlie Duke, of Buckingham said that the question must bo locally decided;- how: can you consistently say that we sliall be governed by Downing- street ?" The ,only errs o , of any possible , interest "at. tlie Police Court yesterday Was tlidt of EvariS v tlie Gqptlcmoinc Publisliiug Co, who suqd for TO 19s for wages, wluch woiddpayp hqeff tiiri. iiiriqiuit .diie to him had l;o not been Wroiigfttlly dismissed, with out tlie usual fortnight's notice in tlio trade. Jlr Smyth- .withdrew tho case, with XOs (!d. costs,; with a view of /tailing it to the Comity. Court. ; During tho hearing, Mr Smyth- read - a -. very- similar case of- BitrroWs v ICilsby; as' inannger of- tlie Publish-: ing Co. Mr Merrifield objected to tlio -reading, saring, , I object to any report in that paper bQing rcad as an authority. 1 -Tlie reports! of the Argus of the proceedings of tlie Supreme Court, ; and -other /law qbiu-ts, arc flqqrientiy quoted 'and ; accepted as authorities ; but- wo do not want tlie ; Mail reports of either. Police Courts or Supreme1 Courts as tlicy are riotin any wajr to he relied on. >Vby, wo shall have Cogdqii's Act shortly.". Mr : Merrifield is evidently : riot awarq why tiie rqports ; iiot oiily bf tlie Argils, firit of the- Ago mid Herald, are " authorities.", It is because tliey pnhlisli'copio , of judgment &c;, arid it is easy to hblievc " ho di.d ! riot want" a report to bo rolicd'on taken from this i qiapei'i«yiich nught have scutjmn to tiiq. waU. j - I Elsewhere ; we publish the, case 6f s'nakd- poisoning in-, a' medical' iriiiri. referred' tfi iri brir yesterday's leader, anil thb'.Tri'st impresapff that it nnist.leaye, on tlio rnrnd of byen a lay- rcadef is that snake-poisoning is primiuily not a disaaso of thq blood at all, but . a diseaso of the nervoris systbrii. " -Tho ner.vetfOrco , wliicli .majntaiiis thb vitahty bf tlio blood is iirst-cxtiiiguishod by tlio poison just as it - iB in ' tlio' case of death by tiglitniiig-sfr'oke,..thpijgli it is possible and oyeh probable tliat tlie blood itself may be tlie vehicle of toxicntipn to ; tlie nervoris systqm. All tlio pathological symptoms, from the loss of sensation to...tho. ohsouratiori: of. tho. sight, ..point to -tlio gradual extinction of, innervation, mitbtlic ppison - 'seems to he- iri Hostile relnuonsiritlithat elemerit or. principle of . tlio lnriin- wlricli regulates the renovatiori'pf:rieffrojri the orgqiiism. i,Tlio drug- forcq which is to 'antidote tlio poisori'must clcnrfy bp in mpport witb tliat element, pw, shall wo.- find it ? Not by arialgii$p.ipite blood. If one thing .lias boon mpro, clearly qiroyod than anotlier by modern 'chemical 'research', it is that tho chemical therapeutics aro perfectly baseless, tlmt'tlio- cliemiciil effects of:. a 'disease- on/.tlio systeiri" afford ' no f therapeutio ' iiidicatioris -: upon which' the'sclectiori' of 1 ft'' reriiedial agent may be. made to. depend, Dr;Halford's, exmnination of; '11 ieibod-inotam'oiqihdSGB-iii'iBrialcojpoisoning win ! not help liim to airi nnfcidote ; aiiy inoro tlian sinii-i lor exmniiiation lias helped to On antidote to the cholera-poison. Only a careful collection! ftud) grouping - of . . tho, patliblbgical symptoms "' can - 'afford any'clue to the ,mihff an'oo wlucli' is likely to counteract tlio liioi'bific essence in the system ; anil with sucli albailirig constant symptom as tlio: fluidity of thb blood affords, it should seem that tlio typo' of the ireniedial agents ought at any l'ato to be indicated. ; Neither iodine, nor aimnonia,, nor arsenio1- liavo tlie physiological range of tlio' snake virus ; that is to say, neither of them are capahle'of' producing all the morbid eflects of that poison, and therefore they arc proved to be not exact chetnico- therapeutical counterparts. It nifty lie noticed in passing (lint phosphorus, and lobolia, ftud camphor, tho former ol' which exists in the nervous substance as iron does ill tlio blood, all produce some ol' the symptoms which characterise snake-poisoning, ami they aro ad ministered with varying success, to our kliow- lech'e, in tho West Indies and South America. The peculiar feeling of diffused warmth referred to in the experience of tho medical mail, ill mi ni lier column, is a peculiar characteristic oi phos phorus, On Monday niglit tho cnlshing-inacliiiie- of Brittiiigliain anil Co., Green Gully, was plundered of its copper plates, with a considerable quantity of amalgam thereon. Ah Soo, tlio suspected thief, lias boon arrested, and remanded lor hear ing. Tlie number of prisoners confined in Her Ma jesty's goal at Castlemaine for tlie week ending 17tli inst., was as follows: — awaiting trinl (Supreme Court),— mules, 2 ; under sentence liarcl labour, — males 17, females 2 ; imprisonment — males 13, females 5; Finos— maids, nil, females 3 ; lunatics, — males, nil, females, 2, Total — males 32, females, 12. Cr Tomplc's motion at tlio Council yesterday for planting trees by the creek side running along Duke-street wns lost for want of n seconder.' The fatal objection to tho motion was that tlio land is not under the control of tho Council. Now that the gaol hill is 'gradually having a smooth face put to it by prison labour, the plant ing of a few small trees tlicrc would ho an acqui- ; sition to tlio general look of tlie place. Yesterday during the exariiination of some of : tlio heaps of broken inetal piled up for spreading, . it was discovered that more than one lot was nil.; broken, with a layer of .metal spread over it. Tlio: stonobreakcr was evidently not aware tliat tlie public works committeo cut through every heap before taking it from iho contractor, iyylio, could be the only loser by tho imposition sought to bo effected. ; r, , The second of the series, of concerts and read ings at the Mechanics' Institute takes place tliis cyeniiig. Hood, Moore, Shakcsperc, and Dickens nre tiiriongst the authors to ho selected from. Tile " Song of a Shirt" is to be l'eatl by thq Von. Archdeacon Crayford, ( and ono of " the lighter compositions, " Dr Marigold's Proscription," from ono of Dickens's Cliristnins numbers, will he in troduced by Mr Denny, from Guildford, a gentle man who is effective in comic illustrations. . Six songs ai'c to bo interspei'spd ;with.ftji equal rium- bor of readings. - . . ! J... .We inidprstanil, that complaints liavo been iriade'hoth by tlie readers and listeners at tlie weekly readings in tlio Mechanics' Institute, on aCcSifrit of pevefid' youtiis.'S 'whbseeniiSto goyfor thc cxpregs puiposc of qnnqyanco. constable in futuro will be in alteridaiice to takeTsucli dis- turbers into diistody.; Lasti evenirigjsoine: idlers near 1 thb - steps of tha Market Hall, were creating a : bontiriiiM - disturhanbo during .) the , time i tlie band.. were playing, j Tlie police miglit'look-Mtor As another example of the miserably vulgar . spirit tliKt 'actitates i the. pdliticql; Jipstility: .of the Age arid its party', wo refer' to its leader of yes terday, where ; hfcc- -Fellows . is., charge! absurdly enough i with -..taking ; tlio /office ,.of .hliriister.. .of -'Justice) hecauso-he. did; not (.want . tQ.giye.4ip lis practice,- arid.Mr- Gillies! is accused ; ofhaving.no nibanri'.of''itiving!;'and' Mr1 Langtpri -of ibeiiig <a paiipeiq-anll Mr Maodohiibl of-heirig a'Hvaitei'.qn providence, ,&c.; : li\nd-'this!icliai'ge"ofi;rit)t;heiiig rich cbirie's froni a journal wliich protends to have a'pcculinr respect for, the poorer classes, and is it3effsb;p6offthftt:ithasgiyerinqticbqfr'q its cstahnshinerit. ... ,.7.. r y Yesterday imWuing- Mr >-M%6tn-apphedfor a: wai-rant ngainst George -Mottrani. traijing as Mottiffm'/and'.'.Cp.i iiripbrtofs,;' 'ueqn-'sfreet for obtaining a ' quaritity of gbddri' by fals'b.ffreterices. From'.iho stidenlent iriaito,' itappeaiff tliat HeriiyiHfj;';iioiisdffle&e6;'-a4j(' fifteen bags ofi flour, valued . at ;£31, tq be sent ,to: Iris store's; I when . lie : , would : pay. .- tho ampimt, having . tlie money1: rcadyi v Messrs. : .Henry, liimiig- some suspicions tliat -'all wiis not right, directed' the drayman not to deliver the goods jiitliout receiving the cash; arid not to accept of a cheque. The drayman, on arriving - at 111s ucsti- riatiori,.iffked'fof'the Oindurit, but was told to put fh'e' goods iri toe hack store| arid lie would he paid. Haying dorie! so, Mottrairi locked tlie door, refused to .pay ; the money, 'arid defied tlib itraynnan to attempt tq talcb tho flour away. : Tlio warrant was gi-auted,and in coiisequenco of Mr M'Keau stating that there: were several other charges against the defendant, bail was ordered to bo refused, if ap- plied for. Tlio Loyal Libprnl league, will commit suicide with this ' weapon of disloyalty which it has undertaken. - to use, ns certain as tlio Age gave itself its political quietus with anti-Popery, writes tlie" Bendigo Advertiser. Piiuosopliically minded ' people talk about what they call retri butive! justice; anil if there is such ft tiling the dowfiffiff 'of t)ie;Ago nritst he tqlcen.as ail iliustfa- tion of it. I cannot exactly understand the argument that being obliged to reduce tlie . size of the 01'gari :of Loyal Liberalism, tlio People's Ministry, and everytliing that is great and grand iri political Jriimanity, is a oleririproof of its in creasing prosperity and undiminished popularity'. I reason in a precisely contrary way, arid con clude that the change in the Age is indicative of a political readtiqii. It . liqS got ; itself', and its party iiito disrepute by its' pohticOl 'profligacy, and is . rqaping.,- tlio. reward,, of. its, literary iniquities'.-" -Its rinsbfujlulbiis "ftttabH-'rin- Roman Catholics in general and tlio priesthood in parti cular, was " bold play;" but it lost tlio game. ' 'Giff (Jrieerislond- d&tes; are to-' tlio 12tlininsl.\ via Sydney. We arc now. (says tho Nnshvillo Times of tiio Otii), tlu'oiigli' tho courtesy of Mr King, the .comijiissioner, enabled to publish reliable' iitfbririatibn r&l;'ativb to/the 'new golilflold. It ..will be. in plain siinplo language — iri short, a mere statement of facts. ' On Saturday evening last; Stewart , and M'MiUan, two New Zealand diggers, cftlled iripori Mr- Commissioner: Iflng at a, late hfiffivtliby beipg afraid of atti'nctirig public attention by going in tlio' day time,' anil reported to liim that thoy ihpd 'pji , /their irettini from tho rush to Gayndnli been jirospiecting, anil that tlicy had; discovered gold at Kilcivjui, on Mr M'Taggfttt's funvHi! dhqreek iiaiuod Fat. Hen Creek, live miles distant from tlio head station. Tlicy showed Mr. JCipg a .saniploqf '.tlio, gold, which, wo liavo . soon, anil wliicli ebitaiuly froin its character would bo. considered by old diggers as nu earnest of . n good fiplil, being water-worn and more reseriiHling-'tho gold-'of. New Soutii. 'Wales anil Victoria tlian any we have seen hero. As Thoro ffasiad'iapjjfdheribiori jn (lip/pdrt of tho prospectors of being" rushed, Mr King)/ at .yery great sacrilico, of . personal comfort, - left at day break 011 Sgnday lrioffififg,1 rintlaccoinpaniod by one 'of tho' lairtyi preccedeil to tlio spot. It is about fifty juileB frpiu here, and sixty from Mary borough ; and if tlio' prospectors have attended to Mr..IOng's" instructions, tiicy have crp now marked a-trucloh-om tlio main Gaymlah road. Ere tliis, no'dpubti there is a good beaten track. Tlie first gold 'discovered- was m the creek, which runs into a largo flat. At present there is 110 water in it, but on sinking there is a good ileal, and tho pros pectors, there as elsewhere, although they used a 25gal. bucket and sunk two shafts alongside of each other, wore unublo to rightly bottom them ivhen 209 yards from tlie creek. The prospects Jiavo averaged :ldwt to tho dish ; in fact, Mr King Baw several dishes washed. Gold was first struck at a' depth of 4ft, but 011 running tho load into' tho flat tile sinking was deeper, which is a fifo'iid fiign. Although nt present there is not a 'sufficient extent of country to employ tho largo nuinbci' of lucn who have left hero, its general, appearance is of a promising nature. There aro large gullies ami flats which have not been tried. Tlio geological formation is that, of serpentine rocks, with green stone, some slate, and plenty of- quartz. The prospectors have not, however, sought for reefs. Black sand is also abundant. The Queensland Times says:— "Tho cotton is now coming into town very fast — almost faster than it can be housed. Efforts are lnado by the ginncrs to get through ns much work ns possible, in order to cnablo shipments to ho made by tho Queen of the Colonies ; but the quantity of cotton waiting to bo cleaned increases daily, and tlio most of it will lmvo to wait for the ilavswalcr, which vessel has just been laid 011 tho berth for London. When loaded she will bo entitled to bo called a cotton, rather than a wool ship, and it seems a pity that she is not hound for Liverpool. Tlie Queen of the Colonies is expected to sail in a few days." Tlio body of tlie late Mr Driiinmond is to ho cxhuriied, for the purpose of satisfying certain scientific doubts regarding the operation of tlio poison. Several line snmples of gold wero exhibited at Meredith recently, stated to havo been found 011 tlio bank and in tho bed of the river Lcigli, eight miles to the back of tliat township', oil Messrs Boyd mid M'Nimght's station. A11 effort is being made in Gcclong to form a company for the erection of a theatre. It is pro posed to issue 5000 shares at Hi each ; mild tho promoters state that 2999 liavo already been taken up. fill- Hnrgieavcs lias returned to Victoria from Now South Wales to prosecute his claims before Parliament in . connexion with tlio discovery of gold in this colony. Ho lias also, wo arc informed instituted nn action for damages against Mr J. S. Butters, tlie mayor, in connexion with tlio proceed ings lust year in liis case. - . 1 Wo (Bcndigo Advertiser) are informed by Mr Holdsworth that the constituent parts of Sliires's snake poison antidote as communicated to him by; Shires hirasolf some years ago when lie was ex-' liihitiiig in (liis district arc «dt precisely the same, as those mentioned by Professor Halford. Ono of the ingredients in Mr Holdswortli's recipe is' iodide of potash, of which Professor; Halford in1 his reference to tho constituents of tlio antidote makes no montion. - 1 1 - 7 ' i -1;1 ; " Oil Saturday ftfterrioon." savs tlie Hokart', TowriMercuryy " a layge crowd' ftssoriiblbd at flip! fisliorineris dock, WlicyC tlii'co' 'yeiy . lai'go sharks were disporting tiiciiisclves arid'fcastiiig upon the offal and haiTacouta hones tlirown in- frdhi tlie fisli-iriarkct. Several shark-lines were soon nt work, and ono of tlio monsters Was hooked, anil safely landed. It proved to ho ft . female shark, arid measured nearly riine foot from ; tlio snout to tho tip of tlie tail; Oil being opened i she' ffaS fqtmd to be full 'of eggs; the liver was''.yefy large, anil . was. .likely to yield' lief captiiref a good deal of oil. I-Ier meta; was even .larger than .she ; was, and for' several . hours after tlio capture lie s warn round ! the dock and . among .'the ptios, . vainly searching j for his companion. : Flo conld not bc persuaded,! lioiyover, to toucli'a bait, and various attempts! which wore made to harp'oori Mm failed." > ® :' j The follo'riuivg liitteil , cohtjffiiff iMoirindtibri; ofj coueidbtablq ilripor tarice.' D'epartinerit' Of. Victoria 1 AYater j3upply,; 125; Loqsdale street- \Vest,t Mel- j 'tenme,;lB5i.i86$j,_l;dffifrbdl-.Jliej Hon. tiie'Sliriistdr i offdj reply to your letter dated the 13th inst, enclosing at copy.,of.a:resolution piissedibyyour comnrittebonj tlie,j2tii 111st. .requesting hfforinationconcei-nijig! .tiie eori-ectncsss or. otlierivisoiof, the levels of the; works;) of the> Golibari. -Water' iSclieme.- :/Iibcg to! inform you tliat -.tlieileyels of all the works con-j nected iritli tlie-' Colibari' water supply are per-t ifectiy- aceUratq.- -Tliey lliftVe bebri: 'checked anil- 're'ehecked; tuiclTiave also beoii teste'dffiy the rail-i L\vay levels at'diffoferit poiiits. ' In ' cpricliision ;I! .would request that if any persbii possesses ;in-j iiorination assumed, by hhnfo 'be correct as' W tlie; inncchfacy of ariy, portion of tlib lqyelsj iie riqil.bcj SO; good as to cbramnriicateiivitii me.andppiiiffout; how and on wliat.porti.on,, of, tlio works. lie:, con- 1 .'aiders /sucli inaccuracies exist.— I . . have ,the| -lionour, , etc., (signed). :-H. O; CHnisTOPHERSON,! Cliief Engineer.— Hugh M'Coll, Esq.) - Secretary Water Supply Committee,' Sandhurst! LA -3 " Tlie Talbot' Leader' says :1;-',' Tlio ewdence;rid- j duced at the inquest of.:tiienffoj:ite.'..riuiri,;eti,.j9\;'iy?» lolled..' iri one of tiiedii'jioriQCfiat .on Thursday, shows to what. , .a., tel-.;ex|Eait recldessness in mining may !, lie carried, ;and.liow the foolhardy dnring,:of one! individual may- en-| danger not only liis own life- brit those- bf - otliers. 1 It appears tJiat me ueceasea was accusiomeu 10; brag'of his fearlessness inworliingin dangerous! ground, tliat lie woiild wboiir emonstratcd lntli by liis mates oh thb folly of' inciuriiig uriiecessary! risk, jeer and ridicule them', arid in tlie words! of one of the witnesses ".tjiey frequently nearly! quan-eUeil iyitii liim on account bf liis, rashness., '!j It also appears that at- deceased's .own request the !! corners of tlie face wero cut away, and finding; that he had not : sufficient room to. use tlib 'shovel; conveniently, lie still -further weakened 'tlie! ground by cutting' away still niore, at tlie sambj! time neglecting to place - props (which lay beside him ready for use) beneath an overhanging .flake, I by Hid fall ' of which shortly afterwards lib priid tiie penalty ofliis recldessness' and daring:'1, '''tV j Tlie subject of snakes, their , bites arid ,tho anti- i dotes, is being discussed vigorously in' tlio . press. ! A medical man of: Saudhui'Bt ' writes t to tlib ,Ad- vertiser : — It is surprising tliat! so little lias been ! done - in cstablislung prihlio 'confidence 1 Jii-' soine j onb of tho nianyremediesnlieged 'tobo effiba- : cions.: - In lndia thb greatest rbUanceib pkced on ! Liqriof-' Ariuribriia ' applied 'ex'crnally,,': iiiid-"ad7 ! mtoised'MtraniiHy.ffii .dbBbff'cif twerity'.pr'thn-ty; drBps'; eveiy haff 'hoiri. Tlio'. iLiPubr 'Ammonia 1 Fort'-' is'"uscdi 'exterhnUy." The Fobrza .'is, cpii- i siilcred , tiie. mopt .deadly of tlie , siiakcs in thb ; Indian jungles, niid it aunrially destroys a largo: number, of human heiugs; Sincii tlie introduction : of Liquor Ariuiionia, and its distribution amongst' the Fouzdai'si .nntivolofficers, and common Sepoys; tlio - number of. fatal cases has been reduced -by j one-half. The most unquestionable cvidoncc has; 'been- adduced of 'the1 good! results' attending its : use in India) :nhd'I'tlurik' :it woidd -tie well if it j were more confidently T'eliqd on in tliis cpiuitry.: There : are Ynany ''antidotes;-' put , forward''' ' as , relialilo and tlio ' uHe of - most of ; tliem lias , been! followed 'by chics;', Tlio ' oil-bf'tohacbb/iinil salt! have been Imoivri' -!frequontly: to1 neutralise; .tlio! venom to tlib rattlesrinkb!'''It': is"' Imbwri'1 froni j actual expeririieiit thrit:-t1io'-l6ili'6f'itbhab'do'tirf;'a' deadly poison rib tlib "Briake' iteolf-thrisiriaUbstj quantity placed 011 any pqrfc of tlio snake's riibutlii prodiicing imnibiliat'o 'deqfli;1 riltj.is not impro-i bablo, that this'snbstanbo 'juilicibiisly . ftppilied1 might' 'prove' on trial to rrnili amongst 'tiio'itriti-i dotes. — j A - correspbndont, , whoso' veracity 1 is ' ribimpEadji- 1 able sends the Crcswiblc aiiil Chines Advertiser tlib! following An amusing affair 'happened in this; neighbourhood (ii village riot a hundred miles from; Creswiok) the other evening, which1 ivaa'tobgnod to; go down to obscurity unehronioled. A farm labourer! recently arrived from tho " oUld counthry/' nnd em-1 ployed oil a largo farm win after supper and when ' sable night had assumed her supremacy, sent out to: drive ill a cow which was grazing in a paddock ad jacent to tho farm houso, ami which lmil ,to be' driven early next morning to a purchaser residing at somo distance from tlie farm. Our verdant frieud proceeded 011 his miason " whistling for want of thought," anil on arriving at that part of tho pail- dock whero he expected to find the cmv, called her by name, knowing full wotl that if within hail she would respond to tho call by making her ap pearance. Our friend was of rather a nervous temperament, and you may imagine his consternation when lie observed through the gloom a strango looking shape, robed in white, moving silently to wards him. Horrified, I10 gazed 011 the approaching intruder, until it hud upproaolicd within a few feet of him, when fear obtained tho mastery ovor liim, and giving vent to an mi arthly yell, which wns dis tinctly heard at the farm-house, lie incontinently made tracks at a rato that would havo "defied competition." Rushing headlong into tho houso, lie startled overybody by uxclniming, " Oh, murther I've seen a ghost, and I believe its me father's." No arguments conlil induce him to venture out again in quest of tho cow, anil tho good man of the house, waxing indignant at what lie termed tho. suporstitious fears of his mail, went out himself;; but had scarcoly got liis nose outBidc tlio door when the "speotral visitor " appeared before liim nt a few! yards distance. Nothing daunted by its unearthly' appearance, our sturdy farmer went boldly up to the '' ghostly intruder," who, on observing the farmer, bleated joyfully, anil on a closer examination, turned out to bo the identical cow tho astonished farmer was in Benrcli of. Divesting it of its "gravoliko habilnments," I10 carried thorn inside, whoro they wero recognised by his worthy bettor-half ns tho re mnants of a largo counterpane which hail been put out on tlie grass to bleach, anil which by some means tlio cow, while grazing, had picked up with her horns, and in her Htrugglos to got rid of hor un- wolcomo guest, fastened inextricably on them. The labourer has since left the locality, for be could not stand tho many queries ns to whether ho had Been his ' ' father's ghost " lately, . Tho Capo of Good Hopemn " 28th kst report tiiat the Poussard.lL!:i of so well-known in this colony, i,„,, JC0,I1patv E.MWO.,, Tlio competition for tlio woollen „i „ manufacture to bo sold in Geelon "flo«l next is likely to be considerable 11 " ''"hy Molbourno and Ballarat will bo iff film in Gcelong lias obtained orders 3 suits of clothing to be made of this ff„ i - ?in% The Geolong Register complains tkt ' decency wns outraged by the open wliipli the post-mortem examination of 1 a? i6 of Martin wns conducted on Jionl 'A .examination, it seems, wns made 011 1 1111 the open air, with some boys stnn(Uff, fin somo children watching out nf „ '"i h«»d windows. 01 "agl'bonra, Tho Ballarat Courier tells how " n v young ninn, who prides himself on l,;„ffry sn"it and ability, a few days ago was vci-v S''cani11" imposed upon by a vendor of birds in pCC,llii The smart yoiuig man wns desirous 'of canary for liis smart establishment „,,i into treaty with a hiril-fnneicr for'llm . f"'1 of 0110. Tho bargain was concluded S ? smart young uiun fancied 1m la(1 s ' J"1!: tlip bu'd-iiulcier a beautiful coclt-binl 11, 00 deliglit the house with his notes A f ,V<" phssiid over, hut not a uoto was hoard Icatliers ol the pet led to a closel. Cxa!mnl» Wiicu iuu mm i uuuy lurncti out to bo tlio of tlio' Acclimatisation Society— 4nfh(.f n ? Tho smart young man consoled iiiinsgon r' loss, opened the dqor of tlio cage, andi liis spaiTOWsliip to depart in peace." M i .TJic foilowhig_iias been fi?rnished iotl,0 ncralJ | by tho friends of the money- lender refem-d tv yesterday's issue :—"With reference to a iff graph 111 yesterday s issue impugning tho C0I , of a woll-lniownbriioney-lcnclcr in relati, 1. gentlomanV. II. HoUanfl.andin which ffeW| i to hear ofispniq .extejpqating explanation, we £ had tlie following cn-cuiustances broariit mil statement i„tff I ptu'ftgniphFirstijh tho dato for repayment rf tlio money- sedure'd by the bill of sale did nil becomo, duo recently, but so far back as Ortofo last t- arid instead of tlie holder of tlio bill old! putting, jt: at. onco into force,. I10, at the request of Mi- Holland from time to time held it la, Mtljquoh ,Ml; r Holland had become imoW Secondly, I10 would not liavo ciiforced the bill tf sale -had nof a fictitious distraint for rent ach sale thereunder liollusively contrived to cndcavoat to defeat his rights, been brought to bis nofe on-M6riday, tlie -'"lltliilist. , on which dav Mr' Holland: appeared in perfect health, anil iai riding about the: dajr. .previous, and he was mt aware of Mr Holland being seriously ill tiie goods were being removed. Thirdly, lie tool the precaution to give Air Holland notice on the previous, day by sending two moil, who remained iri possession till tlie following day, with the via of giving Mr Holland time to make some arraa-i- inent, pud nyhen; at tlio request of Mr Holland, who wished to see him, lie went into his roeff which lie otherwise would not lmvo done, aal found that Mr Holland set liis claim at defiance, lie expressed ' himself very sorry at Holland's conduct ; brit, instead, as we stated, ofliis taking away Mr Holland's bedstead and bedding he ordered -tlie man not only to leave the bcdstal and bedding of Ml- Holland, but also of his chill ren, without risking or desiring any security. Si 'far from larigliing at Mrs Holland, she left lie premises as he arrived. We are further pleas! to be informed tliat since lie has been acquainted with tlie circumstances of the bereaved Mr, lie liqs offered to contribute liberally towards ii; subscription for tlieir benefit." It will lie wa I tliat tlie facts do not differ materially from Hiss I we stated, except tliat the personal aliront to pe:r I Mrs Holland is denied. ! 