' EOOENTniOITS" OF THE TIDE3. TO TUE ímiTon or TUB UUVIRK. I Sir,-"Within tho lost few daya-since JiïîUay Port Jackson has been visited with most unusual tidal appearances. The great bulk of wator seemed to ebb and flow as usual, but at the same time thero was a central or upper current, rising and falling evory fivo or ten minutes-of a most uneasy character, scarcely settling itself down in ono direction, whon it turned book Into another. I am now writing at tho G lab?. ' On Saturday morning last, when first noticed on the bridge over Blackwattle Swamp, thoro was' a rush of .water that waa alarming- the Udo rising about . eighteen or twenty inches in five minutes-eventuating in somewhere about'four feet beyond the usual high water "mark. Some of tho foncing at Lyndhurit Oolloge was. washed away ; but I havo not hoard of any further mishaps. About half-past fi o'olook in tho afternoon, two ' families coming over from Balmain to. the Globo in a boat, never dreaming of this extraordinary current of water, were dragged into tho vortex, almost helpless, and but for the rowlooke of tho boat oitohing a corner of ono of the piles under tho bridgo the boat must havo gone broadside over into tho torrent. Thoy were extricated from their unpleasant position by somo paseors by dragging thom ono by one on to the bridgo. . Af tor this, as tho usual tide flowed in, tho rush pf water through tho arch of tho bridgo was a'completé bolling rapid. Up to last evening the samo unusual vagaries ""-?"-?."-,--.???? >.A. G BI AT WESTEBN RAILWAY EXTENSION. - Th 8 lender of Air. 'Williams, for the sum of £¡203,003 12s. Od. has boen accepted for section No. 7, being a length of sovontcon miles; and the tender of Kr. Faviol, for. the sum of £137,610 Ss. lOd. for section No. 8, whioh is also about seventeen milos. Hr. Williams'was 'one of fhe.oontraotors for the Southorn Hail way, and was asBooiated with Hr. Blunt in the construction of tho Great Northern line (with the exception of tho permanent way), from a short distance beyond Singleton to the town of Muswell- brook. Hr. Williams is now engaged in constructing tho Warwick line, a length - of about sixty miles, in Queensland.' Mr. Fa vi elis .tho contractor for section Na 7 on the Gro^t Southern line, which extends from Barber's Creak lo Goulburn. Theso extensions will carry .the rall to Kolso, ScnoöL OF Anís.-Tho large audiences that have attended tho capital entertainments providod by Mr. and Hrs. g George Case, during, tho post week, are a proof that tho publio can appreciate, and aro willing to support a good thing.' Of tho very many good things in the shape of entertainments, whioh,have.lately had their theatre in tho School of Arts, Mr. and Mrs. Case's performances stand in tho first rank. ; Not only are tho little comedies which aro presented vory admir- ably performed, bútthoy aro of their own literary morit far above tho. avorage. On Saturday evening an entertainment, written by Hr. Edmund Yates, and, called " Latest Intelligence," was presented. In this excellent burlesque-for such lt is-Hrs. . Casa illustrated a variety of.'opposite charaators, with a fidelity to exaggerated nature, that created a storm of sang the songs introduced most melodiously ; ohattared ala Charles Mathews', and coted with all tho .cool nonchalance of that celebrated comedian. In finó hor interpretations pf tho various sketches incident to the pieco wero inimitable, and Hr. Cato ably seconded her efforts by his introductory by- play, and his still mora acceptablo musical contributions. ; Encouraged ¡by tho success of their entertainments, Mr, and Mrs. Case purposo playing for four, nights moro. Wo ara sure that this announcement will be hailed with gratification by all who havo witnessed tho performances ef theso efovor po 'plo, tho moro so that on each overling a chango of programme will bo given. To-night " Tho Drawing-room Floor" forms tho programme. ; PRINCE ALFRED HOSPITAL Fenn. - Strangoly, enough, the concert given at tho Hasonio liait on Saturday ovoning last by tho Italian Opera Company, with tho assistanoo of Messrs. Stanley and Marsh and Herr Schmitt, was by no means tho success that might have boon anticipated for BO great an attraction. Abd notonly on account of the attraction was a largo audionco expected ; tho patronngo and presence of vice-royalty invar ably works wondon) for any publio entertainment/and tho object to which tho proceeds aro to bo appropriated should have procured troops of tho haul ton to assemble to do honour to it Novor theloss, tho hall was scarooly half Ailed, the baok seats having tho greatest number of visitors in them. Earl Belmore and Hies Gladstone, accompanied by tho Private Secretary, arrived at a littlo bsforo 0 o'clock, and on his Excellency entering tho hall the National Anthem was played, and tho audience respectfully loee. ' The consort had commenced ' botero the Governor's arrival, and proceeded BO Boon os tho of tho highest ordor, inoluding ohoicest selections from the works ot Donizetti, "Verdi, Rossini, Bollini, Mercadante, and Vieuxtsmps; and tho einging of Signora Ida Vital!, Signori Bertolini, Dovoti, end Antoni, was enthusiastically applauded and frequently enoered. Tho terzetto from "Lucrezia \- Borgia, " Gual se ti spugge un motto," as well as that from "Il Trovatore" wera oheered to thoeoho; whilst tho aria " Gazza ladra," and the canzone " La lune do miel," by Signora Vitali, wero listened to with much pleasure Amongst tho gems of instrumental musie may bo mentioned the grand duo, for two pianos, "Faust," by Mr. Henry Harsh and Hr. William Stanley. This was executed with brilliancy and tasto; and the violin solo "Seuvenir d'Amérique" was a marvel of sweet sounds The concert was finished at an early hour, all present ap- pearing te bo ealhflcd that they had enjoyed a musical treat, and to regret that ¿it had not been botter patronised. FJHNOB OF WALES Orxai. Hocss.-The oompsny recently playing at tho Victoria Theatre, commenced a I new season at the Prince of Wales Opera House, on I Saturday lost. The great attraction of tho bill, wog Hr.. IloberUon'a comedy of "Gasto" whioh was plucod upon the stage, and performed with an exeellonco that, apart from tho great morita of the play itself, onsured tho liberal applauso ef a very geod audience. A capital af torpioco, "A Boland for an Oliver," conoludod tho performances." TBS CATTLE SALS YARDS AT MAITLAND.-Mr. Dodds, a*, agent for Mr. Eales, has acceptod tho offer of the Borough Council ot Wost Haltland to lease the Campbell's Hill Salo Yards for one year, at £200, with right of purchase 1 - "jTnH II OLINO PASSION STRONOÍ IN DEATH."-Lust week a Bick man was brought from Hay and placed in.: tho Deniliquin Hospital. His carno is John Hltohell, and ho appoara to bavo been in tho last stage cf lung disease. As ho had about .£4.0 upon him, ho also ownod several allotmonts at Footscray, and as it was certain that ha could not possibly recover, two of tho oommlttoo, with tho hon. sec., waitod on tho sick man, and on finding out ho had no rotations that ho could leave his pronorty lo,suggested to him that bo should loavo it tr tho hospital, upon which ho observed, in a voice which was scarcely audiblo, " I am no schoolboy-leave tho money in tho Bank; whllo I can 'shout' (extonding lils clonohed fist aa though ho woro grasping a friend's hand in a drinking bout) I cnn got plenty of frinde." Though in artioulo mortis, his whole thoughts woro bont on tho prospecta of living to enjoy another drinking bout. Ho died inloata c.-Pastoral Times. j Tho first cotton ship, tho Bayswater, has sailed from Brisbane for London. Sbo had no loss than 2U70 hales of cotton on board, bosldcs wool and other oirgo. Tim Singleton Times understands thnt tho Italian Oporu Company proposo to visit tho district th ' latter part of tho current wcok, and contémplalo being in Maitland ut tho limo of thorned). Tho Nowcantlo Chroniolo notices, ari a sad cano, tho following :-Tho wlfo of tho unfortunate rnnn, Ed- ward Morely, who ia at prcpcnt out on h iii, on n chnrgn of stealing old iron, tho property ot tho Commissioner for Hallways, died on 'llnnsday morning, ot fever, after enduring much suffering lu addition to lliiu bereavement, thero uro four ot tho children lying ill of tho «niuo malady. Tho Molbourno Argus informs us that Mr. Turton'* gcodotio eurvoy party aro now at tho entrnneu to tho Snowy Uiver.' In order to expedite tho aurvoy of tho boundary lino bolwcen tho two colonies, tho Now South Walen Oovcrumont havo agrocd to hear a portion of tho expanse, mid an eoon an tho correct goo graphical position of Capo Howo bas boen ascertained, Ilia lino from tho coast to Forest WU will bo proceeded with. Tho following notiio of motion has boon given in tho Victorian Aeaernbly:-Mr. Macgregor to nell .whether it ii tho intontión of tho Government to have a eurvey mado of tho Itivor Murray, in accordance with recommendation of tho Boyal Commission on thc subjcot; and whether any corrospondonce has pnssed betwocn tho Govornmont of this colony and that of Now South Wales, in reference to tho improvement of the navigation of the Murray ? Mr. Bowman has given notice of his" intention to movo in tho Viotorian Assembly-" That a person named Moses Aloxander, ,one of tho secretaries of the Constitutional Association, who f roauonts tho House and the lobbies thereof, bo prohibited from coming within the prooinotsot the Houao, on tho ground that the said Moses Alexander hos made public a statutory declaration that ho did bribe a mo m bor of tho House with a eum of £00." The Ago says that the reception tho notice met with affords some assuranoe that it will be carried. The Cleveland Bay Express of the 1st says: "Among the now arrivals this week wo haye tho plea- sure of announoing that of Count Von Atoms This nobleman is taking a . tour for pleasure, aad arrived horo on Thursday last in his splendid yacht Hamlet's Ghost, ' This boaktlful littlo vossol is, without excep- tion, the protticst model wo romembor to have soon on' our waters. Tho Count, last evening, entertained several of our leading townsmen with a supper at Willa's Hotol." Not less than a hundred applications havo been sent in to tho Crown Law department of Victoria, since the new Ministry accaptod otUoo, for authority to hold lotteries of ono kind or another. They have all been refused. Tho application to bring off Mr. Hobson's sweep on tho Melbourne Cup being an old ono, and largo BumB of monoy having neon paid, it WOB deemed advisable that a delay of fourteen dava should be allowod. It was statod by the Attoraoy- Oonoral that tho timo has exjdrod,' and the lottery has not taken place. It will therefore ba prohibited. 1 Shearing ia going on briskly in tho Dubbo distriot. At tho Beemery shed, reports the Dispatch, tho shears havo been at work during tho past fortnight At Mr. Byrle's Enaweona station, operations haye oommonoed; and at Messrs' Richardson's, shearing has boen going on Binco the first woek of this month. Mr. Brown, of Oaanonbnr, commences on the 17th ; and Mr. Obristio will shortly follow .'suit, so that in a few weeks shearing will bo general, throughout' tho district. The clip is said to be tolorably heavy, and in excellent condition. : A correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch, writing from Canonbar, says it is evident that, the wholo of tho plains of the country will soon be fonced in. Mossrs. Richardson, Brown, Cobb, and Co., Bidge, Hall, and Ashcroft all havo ' a number of men employed either at post and rails or wire, and Mr. I*. Richardson has just completad twonty-four miles of two-rail fence for cattle. With all these improvements going on, it seems a great shame tho parties who oro eponding suoh largo sums of money haye no better security than tho Îircsont five years tenure undor which thoy hold their ands. , , j A novel mode of devising a scheme for tho reduction of tho present onormouB eivil < sárvioo expenditure in tho colony has been suggestod by Mr. Everard. It is, according to tho Melbourne papers, that a reward of £1000 for each deportment shall be offered to any person who ehall supply to a committee of tho Legisla- tive Assombly undoubted evidence of any means whereby the soveral'branches of tho public sorvico can be efloctually carried on at1 two- thirds, or less, of tho expenso at present incurred. Tho hon. rnomber gave notice of motion to this offoct. If it bo carried, it will bo undoubtedly on herculean task to examino the claims of the applicants 'for tho reward, for their name will bo legion. "Wo leam from the Moibourno Ago that tho charge, preferrod against Mr. Samuol Bonjamin, warehouse- man, of Queen-strcot, for obtaining goode under falso pretence's, front Mesera Paterson, Bay, Palmer, and Co., was proceeded with at;the City Polico Court. Tho substance of tho complaint was, that on the 22nd of last Juno, Bonjamin represented to tho proseontors that ho was a mombor of tho firm of Bonjamin Brothers, ot London, on tho' strength ot which statement ho was suppliod with goods to tho value of £500, and that on his CBtate being sequestrated he eworo in tho Insolvent Court, at his examination on the 20th ultimo, that ho never was a member of such firm, and had only acted aa their agent in Melbourne. Tho Bench sent tho caso for trial. Preliminary stops havo b»on taken, says tho Singleton Timos, towards extending tho great an- nihilator of ' spaco, the telegraph, t > Jerry's Plains. Local gentlemen of. woalth and spirit having placod the matter in the hands of Mr. Burne, tho membor for the Hunter, ho has obtained for them all tho ne- cessary information. respecting tho conditions upon which tho Government are willing to confer this boon. It appears that what is required, is that tho inhabi- tants snail guaranteo that tho receipts of the new offico shall cover the working expensos, and pay flvo per cont, on tho capital sunk in constructing tho line. The 'estimated outlay for all purposes, interest included, is set down at £180'per annum. - Tho gentlemen who have set thé matter in motion being willing'to' accept the terms, wo look forward with satisfaction to the early .extension of tho line. (0!* On "Wodneiday afternoon, tho Maitland Mercury states, a little boy, not muon, more than two years of age, son of Mr. Wiobo, of Kusscll-stroot, Horeo-Bhoe Bond,'was missing'from'his home.., It appears that the little fellow is' in the habit of1 playing about in front of the houao, so that his absenco wai not at first noticed ; but in tho coures of. the .afternoon, nothing being seem of him, alarm wai excited, and searoh was made in every direction,' but "without 'success1. Tho houao being in aloso proximity to the river, sotno fears wera entertained that tho"child had fallon in, but theso alarms were ' fortunately dissipated in tho evening about 8 o'elook, when Mr. Wicho diesovorod tho truant at tho court house, whore ho had been taken hy a con- stable who had found tho little fellow, crying on Camp- bell's H il. ' How ho managed to wándor all that way by himself isa mystery. Tho usual fortnightly moating of the committee of the Molbourno Chamber of Commerce was hold last Tuosday afternoon ; the President in the chair, and prcsont also' Messrs. Blackwood, Bright, Couche, Ste- venson, B. M. Smith, and Strachan. The sub-corn mitteo on publio holidays roported that they wera in communication with tho banks on the ? subject A lettor from tho Deputy Postmaster-General, dated OlBt July, stated tho inability of tho Hon. the Ohiof Secre- tary to confer with the Premier of New South Wales (then on a visit to Molbourne) on the subject of inter- colonial postage, on account of the pressure ot business in his own department, and the. secretary reported that nothing had in eousoquonce bren done. Tuesday next, tho 18th,'at 3 pm., was Axed for tho adjourned gonoral mooting of members of tho Chamber for tho dteoussion of the question of'tho postal service with Groat Britain, and to consider certain proposed alter- ations in the rules. " Wo rogTet," remarks tho Ballaarat St«, " to announce tho death, after a fow weeks' sickness, of Mr, William Henry Barnes, pstontooof tho meat-proscrving proorea known under his name. Mr. Barnes oxpirod at half-past 0 o'olock on Saturday nitfht, at his houso in Lyons street, tho immediato causo of death being ilamraation of tho bowols, broughton by cold caught at his recent experiments boforo tho promoters' of nie procoBB in tho promises, latoly Bound's Cosmopolitan Chain Works. Mr. Barnes was an Irishman, and sailed from Cork for Sydnov io 1838, but subsequently resided in tho Port Phillip district, and for many years was located nt Port ¿'airy. Wo have under- stood Dim to havo boan tho first to introduco to Victoria boiling down shcop for thc sako of tboir tallow." Tho Harwood Island correspondent of tho Clarence Examiner lins boen informad that tho Grand Orango Lodgo of Now South Walos has issued six now war- rants during tho last two months. Two of thoso, ho understands, havo boon established on tho Lower Cla- rence,-ono in tho vicinity of tho Coldstream, and tho other on tho North Arm- Thoniombore of the Nor« li Arm Lode,e, No. l-l, celebrated tho anniversary of the Hattie of tho Boyno hy dining together in thoir lodgo room on tho ovouing of tho Ililli of July. About forty niombors wera prosont on tho occasion, each appearing in tho insignia of tho order, tho Bight YVorahiut'ul Master occupying tho chair. Tho oalublos and dnnkablo.'i having been dono ampio justico to, tho cloth WUH removed, wlipn tho following loyal and patriotio toasts woro drunk nnd responded to: -"Tho ljuoon," " I'rinco Alfred, and tho rest of tho Boyal l<\iinily," "Thoglorious, pious, and immortal mommy of William III.," "Ibo British_ Army and Navy," "Tho Karl of Uolnioro," "Orangeiem ovor tho world," " Our Protestant Ladies," " Tho Prcis." Tho sinking of u fow loynl songs and tho dollvory of Bayerai «hort addresses brought tho evening's proceedings to a I close. The Maitland Moraury ia informed til at it was in to'ndod by soveral morabora of tho Wost Maitland Vblnntoor Corps to hold a l-oe mating on Saturdav morning, for tho purpose of proocoding to Mr. Graham's paddock at Oakhampton, whero (by permission of tho proprietor to Lioutenant Wilkinson) it was intondod to re-ereot tho targots for rifle practico, and otherwise plaeo tho ground in thorough order. Between fifteen and twenty membors of tho company were ozpeotod tu attond, i Tho latest novelty in England, says tho Molbourno Argus, ia a Now Zealand Bishop. Both ca a prolate and a preacher, Bishop Selwyn Booms to havo orentod a sensation, and ondlcss aro the ancodotea rolatod of him in tho papers, ' As, to his preaching, a correspondent in tho Spectator has the following : - " The Bishop of Now Zetland was preaching at St Mary's (Ojnibridg'o), whioh wasorammoi with undergraduates, Tho sub- ject was tho Queen's supremacy. Ho described shortly and torsoly tho 'shaking pf tho nations,' tho abjoot condition, danger, or dethronomont of tho Sovoroighs of Europo in 1848. But wbon ho carno to our own Queen, and her tranquil security in tho midst of tho storm, ho used no words of his own ¡ ho simply quotod tho toxt, ' Ho teok a little . child, and sot hor in the midst' It was then that for, porhaps, ten seconds, every hoaror held his breath. Tho silenco was, from its intensity, moro startling, less capadlo of being for- gotten, than any sound I ovor heard." On Thursday, tho Oth instant, tho birthday of H. Il H. Prince Alfred, says tho Moni wa correspondent of. the Maitland Meroury, thia littlo town was put into no littlo oxcltcmontj ft boing arranged to bo tho opening day of a now lodge of Oddfellows-called the " Loyal Royal Oak Lodge -of tho. Manchester Unity, on wh ch occasion several Indios and gentlomon came from Morpeth,. Maitland, Muswellbrook, and other places, to enjoy tho dinner and ball. At Op m. .up- wards of thirty gentletnon sat down to a flrat-rato spread, to wbieh they all did justico : and after tho oloth was cleared, the chairman (Brother M L. Saundors, P Ch), proposed ,tho Quoon, Prince and Princess, and Royal Family ; tho Vioo-Ohairman (Brother J. Arnott, N.G,) proposed .the Earl of Bol moro, to which was'added tho Countess, Army, Nuvy, and Volunteers-all being drunk with duo honours. Tho Chairman proposed tho toast of. tho evening : Success to tho Loyal Royal Oak Lodge, whioh was responded lo by Brothors J, Isaao and James Whito, N.O, and V.O. of tbalodgo. Among tho other toasts was Our Host and Hostess, to which hdst James White responded ; then our. next merry meeting was drunk ; and Ood Save the Queen hoing .sung, tho company parted ; but te meet again at the court house, whore, through the kindness of tho magistrates, the ball was held, and a largo number attended and enjoyed them- selves for flvo or six hours, so that all passed off with success. _. . I The Melbourno Argus hos the following :- An old woman, supposed to be of unsound mind, wont on 7th August to the house of a miner named Tilton, at tho Hard-hills, Creswick, and asked his daughter, (twelvo years of age, and tho only person in the house) for a drink of water. On getting the water, sho drank part of.it, and 'threw tho rest away. Sho thon went to; the cupboard, took out a pound of sausages, whioh she devoured raw quito greedily, aud then, finished off with a pasty and somo milk. Feeling" hertel f, no doubt, refreshed and playful, she mado tho girl fetch her all tho littlo trinket boxes .and other ornaments, with which she amused hersolf by breaking.. Subsequently, something whioh the girl did or said ap- pears to have annoyed the woman, far sho seised tho girl, and, notwithstanding, hor struggles, cut hor hair with a pair of soissors, and gavo her II cut oh the wrist with a carving.knife. Tho. girl at last suo:eodod in getting out of the woman's grasp. Tho latter then stopped the clock, lot the parrot out et tho cago, and committod somoother mischievous acts bofore ehe left. Information'was'given td tho police, but although every exertion was proroptly mado by. a-rgeant Dow-, lijig,'cohstablo Bourke, and oThors, the woman bas as yet managed to eludo discovery. Bhe is described by tho girl (Harriet Tilton)' OB having grey hair, and boing much wrinklod in tho faco Sho had on a brown wincey sun-bonnet, a dirty dark dress, black and white plaid shawl, and men's strong leather boots.""' ; Tho Pastoral Times observes) pcoplo of .tho Lower Murray and Lower Darling aro calling ouf for a local court criminal and civil. 800 miles and upwards from Deniliquin form - a long journey'for plaintiffs, witnusses, nnd defendants. - Atotrr~)a»i Court of Quartor Sossions hero ono prisoner,, committ«! from Wontworth, pleaded guilty, -so, no witnesses had to be examined, and they had therefore to inarch bick again [SOO miles. Tho prisoner .pleaded guilty at Went- worth, boforo tho'hench, still lt was found necessary to sand bim in charge to Deniliquin with all the wit- nesses. Our laws are so humane as to provont a man making tho only , reparation in . his power sooioty, by pleading guilty , in tho first instance,' thus saving the expenso and trouble of bieng tried - after having pleaded guilty; This is a common illustration- of. an anomaly in tho administration of the law. In regarded a District 'Court thero was aleda striking illustration of tho diffi- culties in recovering debts at Wontworth and tho 'neighbouring districts. One plaintiff' travelled 600 miles by coaoh to . Hay to try a caso of dobt, tho claim hoing undor £20. Ho first of all went to Euston, thence to Sandhurst, from tho latter place' to Denili quin, and then to Hay. Tho journoy to and fro. would be 1000 miles, and his expenses upwards,of £-10. Wo are informod that criminal and dobtors at Wentworth often dofy tho law. Wo can oasily under- stand how matters are among' the people of the Lower Darling and Lower Murray, having for many years passed through liko trials whoo wo had to seek justico at Goulburn, about 400 miles away. It is timo that tho Government turned its attention to administering justico in tho districts named. At tho Braidwood Quarter Sessions, on Monday and Tuesday, Henry Timmins Ellison was indicted for having, at Betowynd, on tho 12th of April last, brokou into and entered tho dwelling houso of Henry Pike, and stolon thorofrom a pur<-o containing £10 Os. Gd., a ailvor watch and chain, two rings, a pistol, and sundry articles of wonring UDparol, the property of the said Henry Pike. Ho Was convio.tod, and Judge Simpson, whs presided, sentenced him to two yours'' hard labour in Goulburn gaol.-Ah Hone, a China- man, was Indiotcd for that ho did, at Araluen, on tho 28th of March last, falsely protond to Edward Fox Oirlislo that a certain metal wbioli he produced and offered for sale was gold, and of tho value of £10 14s. 'Od, and that by such falso protones he attempted to obtain that sum for it with tho intoat. to do fraud, he knowing the said metal to bo bad and not worth that amount Tho Íirisonor was convicted and sentenced to six months mprlsonraent in Braidwood gaol. Thomas Duffy ' was indioted for having, at Araluon, on tho 81st MVIT/III lr,nf falnnimmlv rummif f nrl nn assault Unon one Honry Madden, with latent to do him griovous bodily harm. _ Tho prisonor waa co&vlatod; of unlawfully wounding. Sentence nine months tb Goulburn gaol. francis Cake was indicted for having at Nerrigundah, on tho 28th April, feloniously and maliciously wounded ono bull of tho goods ana chattels of Janice Doyle. Ho was acquittod by tho jury. - Fanny Tarlington, an aboriginal, waa indicted for having nt Ballalaba feloniously stolon a marc, tho proporty of Bonjamin Spooner. Thoro waa a socond count tor rocoiving. Sho waa acquitted on a line of defonco that tho bono had boon given to h. r by tho prosecutor for a consideration.-Margnrot Tonoy was acquittod on a charge of porjury,—James Bradley and Jane Connoll, relatives of the parties connected with tho Jinden murder case, wcre indicted for having, on tho 20th April last, nt Jerraba'gully, stolen a cow, the property of James Lynn. Prisoners were convicted, and Bradley was sentenced to three years' hard labour, and Connell to two years' imprisonment in Goulburn gaol —Sarah Buckland was indictcd for having.at Braid- wood, on tho JlOth April last, feloniously stolon sundry articles of wearing npparol, tho property of Jnno Harrison. Acquitted.-Jfargurot Uroonwood, who Btood ohnrged with larceny nt Araluen, waa also acquitted. - In tho caso o£ Andruw Cullen, who had boen committed for manslaughter (having shot another boycot Joiiihacuiiihono),tho 0:oirn Prosecutor, Mr, Templeton, asked for a postponement on two grounds. Those grounds, its reported in tho Dispatch, wera ns follow:-First. That it ought, in bia opinion, to havu boen soul for trial in tho lirst i tulunco to (motlier court; and Secondly, becnuco lite criino with which prisoner was charged was either ri higher crimo than manslaughter, or what tho coroner's jury lind brought it in, ti cato of junfiflallo homicido. Tho piisuiicr oiihor fired tho fatnl BIIOI wilfully or ncoi dontally,nnd bowns gullly of murder or not guilty of any crimo nt nil. Tho casa waa pu.itponod accordingly thu prisonor being bound »vor in hieown rocognlsnnctu oof ¿80 and two sureties of £-10 cadi to appear who aliud upon. At a highland hotel, tho folllowlng unique bill was presented to a gciitlsuinu »lin had muda > lew boura' sojourn at tho establishmenti-"For ealing jonrsolf .nd bono four and thripanie," 