TM.ES MID SKETGHEi?. HIGH-FLOWN SENTIMENT.' , [from chambers's journal 1 : Crocus Ordley promises well from a diBtf nice.. A church with so beautiful a spire ought to ?belong to a place of some impertance ; undJ -the inhabitants of certain comfortable-looJa ug houses in the suburbs, surrounded by exten sive grounds with glass-houses glittering icnfc'ie buu, should be folks with money to s pout', grapes— perchance pines — to eat, sons, ana' uuug uioia xtsuuy lur uxijimug, xluui ujruijiieii iitr private theatricals. Alas for the deceitf alncss of appearances? The streets of Girocus Grdley are as gloomy as stage throughfearea in the daytime; the. most exciting pleasuwa in dulged in by the inhabitants are penny readings or geological lectures in the school-roooi ; the shops are fly-blown ; the sign of the prin oipal inn has not been painted in this genera tion ; and the rich folks who indulge in pint s are Quakers, Altogether, the' cheerfnl reai ler is not advised to go near the place in the flesh unless he is an aristocrat, and receives wn in vitation to stay with Lord Ordley, t'ae- '. owner of the park, and Elizabethan mansion;, on Hie loft of tke town. That would be a very diLWent matter, ior they are gay at the.' Hall ; \and when the present lord came of age, he event at tempted to infuse a little life into the to ffn lolks. But it was only a flash in the pan — \ \he ignition of a damp squib. At that period, Tiney Reynolds was staying with her am it Sarah, who lived in a bright-red house, witfc door- steps and brass bell-handles of more than: Dutch brilliancy, in the centre of the principal street of Crocus Ordley. . Had it not been for the presence of that charming girl, I should, not have dared take the cheerful reader to such a drab-souled place in imagination ; but no- apology , is due 'under the circumstances r ' Eden is where Eve is.' , ^ ; Miss Sarah Reynolds lived in that red brick building in that dull country town because her father the lawyer had resided there before her She had kept house for him for the last tea : years of his life; he had left it her on his decease ; and sha continued to keep it. It was. a great deal too large for her, and she might have let it to advantage ; but she was used to- ;' it, and preferred remaining there, and shutting' most of the rooms up, keeping it as a sort of ghost preserve. : She was a good old Tory, and hated change like a cat. That she had lived a. dozen years in one place was quite reason, enough for her that she ought to live there a dozen more, another dozen after that, if Death-,, the vulgar democrat, would let her; Yet she' was rather out of place there ; a lady, and' .ribti a Quakeress. Quakeress, forsooth ! She was1. . SB good a church woman ? as she was Toj.-y ; and1. ' saved the clergyman a curate.she took such a. quantity . of parish* work off his ? Wands. A little before; noori,_ one bright June day, this; lady and her niece were sitting ^vith /their work: under a shady ohesnut-tree in the ci ipital gar den which lay at the back of the hot use. ? It is the custom, somehow, .? to asaociat e feminine severity with a tall figure, a - straight backbone, and general spareness, combined; with pro minent features ; while we expect a short stout little woman, whose face is of the djblly . charac ter, to be debonnazre and easy. ??? ' '.-??'?. ? ? ? But Miss Sarah Reynolds was so mat and prim. Her form was: analogous to a bolster tieo'lin the middle ; but she managed ;to carry it wit V an air of virgin severity ; her nose bore no vpro portion to the cheeks which hid it in profile, yet a front view ishowed it in constant re.}di ness to turn. up at human' weakness. Th ere would have been;.a; difficulty about' gettingfa crown- piece between her lips, though she le tit her aid to the experiment ; and she kept them compressed as firmly .as though ?- she were int momentary expectation of some one trying it by force. * In short, she wao like ' a loaf of bread. ' both cruBty and crumby. i iNever was there such a triumph of mind oven i matter. ? Her niece, Tiney Reynolds, was thereto jrsuperlativea 'are absurd except in notion ; inffiober fact, she was not prettier than dozens ' of ithe1) English 7 girls one meets- with in every place intiEnglanrli but Bhewas as pretty as. moat of them; and if you re qaire more than that, you had better itake a dose of opium, and evolve a beauty out a f your own brain: I do not know any other i vay of satisfying you. Her parents and sponso rshad been so ill advised as to have her chra stened Clementina, and as, of course, it was impi ssible to address a child in so many syllable! % had been puzzled afterwards what to call her. '. Clem was too much like clammy ; Tina suggesta d the mild form of scarlet fever $ and so they fi nally fixed upon, Tiney, which sounded rather pretty for some years, but was a singularly in appro priate name for a well-developed young 1 kdy of five feet eight. ! She was leaning back in ,a low chau;.,; list lessly engaged upon a piece of plain work i,, and by no means looking her best : for there' 'was a cloud upon her brow, and a dissatisfaction ;abbut her pretty mouth on that particular motoring ; and though infatuated boys may som.at imes think even a pout becoming, mature , men, especially if they . are married, know be tter. Aunt Sarah sat bolt upright on the edge - -f a knotty garden-seat, working solemnly at a si ick cloth pinafore, and glancing every irow land then over her spectacles at the silent beaoty, three yards in frontof her, witharath^rpuzz'led expression.. When she had paid her' a visit l'w fore, some ten or twelve years previously, a »d had not appeared to be enjoying 'hersejf, si ve' had taken . her to a private room , and admin - istered a slapping. But that y/as out of the question now ; any such attempti would haVe re- j suited in combat,' and any one would have 'aid odds on the young one. But Aunt Sa?ah could not/ leave the girl to come round naturally ; that; wasnot in her politics. *? I am afraid you do not like that plain work, Tiney,' she naggled. '0 yes; it does as well as any other,' replied the niece. ? ? ? ' ', . ' A pause. ' Would* yon l£ke me to read to you? ' pursued the hospitable aunt, charging in a fresh direction. 'I have gat a beautiful book in the house : ' The Life an-/. Letters of the' late Bishop of Chupattie.' '. '?'- ' If you like,' replied Tin^ey; with a yawn; 'One aeedn'fc listen.' .?-'.. ?? ?? .?.?.?.'.?;?'_ ??'??'?:.;? ., '. A very deep carnation, spread over '.; Aunt Sarah's face, and she blew now and then, aa if ebo were letting off steam. ; it was a good ten minutes beforeshe spoke again. ??Are you ill?' 'N-no.' ' P.erhapa ; you have got a headache, and would like to lie (down?T A lady who is cross never owns that she is free from headache, so Tiney only remarked : «? It is bo hot. t But this place is cooler than xay ffjom.' / , ?' ? ? : ?; '-' ;?' .' ' ?'. :, Another period of silence. ' What jb ihe matter with you, Tiney? Why are you ,60. disagreeable ?'' .' Am. I ? ??- Oh I ??- I 'suppose,1' then) that it is my nature. ]{5ut yon oannoi expect prisoners to be alwaj s' laughi'iig and. rattling theirohains.' 'Prisoners! Obvains !'~ !? People who are transported will feel low at times. Exiles pine, you know. If you -whisr tie the Eanz des Vaches to a Swiss gold- digger in Australia, he commits suicide. .; Is not .that the story ?' ' If I pierce through the | ob sourity of your words sufficiently to understand your meaning, you insinuate a ? complain1 |r of undue restriction,' said Aunt Sarah, 'irhis surprises and pains me; for I have endeavo'tred to make your visit to me as pleasant as I can. This is the third day from your arrival, :ind hitherto I have been eminently uasucceasfiil.' 'What is the good of talking like that, nu nt ? As if I did hot know that you were in the plot !'. 'Plot 1 Undutiful girl, I know of no plot. Your papa intimated to me through fine' post that his business as a civil engineer woold necessitate an : immediate voyage to Canada ; and requested me to receive you into my house during the period of his unavoidable absence.' 'And watch me, and spy upon 0ie, and pre-* vent my posting letters, which you can't — I defy you ; or receiving letters,; which you can — worse luck.' ' Ill-regulatetl girl ; it is not decent for a young lady to carry on a clandestine correspondence.' ' And why am ' I to be buried in this hole ? Why could I not goto Fanny, as usual, when paj-a is called away ? I inight have stopped comfortably in London with her till Bhe went to Scarborough ; and I like Scarborough.' ' Whatever you may think, it is rude and improper to call my resi dence a hole. And I fear ._ that there are rea sons only too cogent why London las no fit place for you to be left in ; while youi.' papa knows well that your sister Fanny wouid not contra dict or exercise the slightest supervision over you, even if her time and attention' were not so much taken up with her young family. Indeed, it is much to be feared that she would connive at your disobedienoe.' 'And so he came to yon, and you consented at once to help him to destroy my happiness, and inakome miserable for life 1 And then you expect me to think you, and make-believe to love you for it 1' ' Not ; so,' said Aunt Sarah. 'I should like to see you inore obedient and filial; but hypocrisy is a vice which is ever detestable !' This last sentence of her aunt's set Tiney thinking. Perhaps a little hypocrisy might pay. Her powers of wheedling were consider able, aiid had been almost invariably success ful, for though her father proved stubborn on this present occasion, it was almost the first time1 that' she had failed in moulding him to her will. Aunt Sarah was composed of stiff clay, but she might perhaps become plastic with scientific kneading. ' Well, aiint,' she ' said presently, ' I am very wrong to be cross 'with 'you; for it is no faults of yourai But papa is so very cruel and unreasonable, and' I am so very unhappy!' ' Unhappiness is the necessary concomitant of disobedience' to parents,' enunciated Aunt Sarah, as if she were setting ?: a copy in U to the National School.' ' Yes, aunt dear,' replied Tiney; 'I know we should be dutiful, because it is so stated in the catechism ; but there inust be some' point at which we may stop, and think of our own 'interests. lam' sure that you* who are so strong-minded and sensible, can never think that we women should be slaves either to our fathers or our husbands. Papa was the first to ' ask him to the house and encourage him; and quarrelled with him.-fbr no fault of his but ibecause he was disappointed and angry1 with his father.' ' Him ?' observed Aunt Sarah, withalook in which ruffled modesty was blended with curiosity. And her niece told her love-story. Miss Tiney was not deficient in love for her' father, neither was she naturally undutiful; but having lost her mother when very young, and been allowed her own way ever since, she was certainly somewhat headstrong and im patient; of control. But doubtless she had been treated in a way which 'would have ex cited : a far milder spirit to rebellion. Mr Reynolds had had an old friend in the same profession' as himself, named Storer. Mr Storer had a clever son, who insisted upon ~ i going into the army ; his father, who was anxi ious to have him for a partner, refused to buy lim a commission ; Henry Storer (the younger) went in, therefore, to the examina tion for direct commissions, and did so well ithat they made him an engineer after all, only a military instead of a civil one. To struggle with hills and rivers was in the Storer breed. Mr Reynolds took a fancy to the young officer of engineers, and asked him to his house whenever they were both in town ; and when Henry Storer extended his lriendship from the father to the daughter, the former seemed pleased, and never hesitated to leave the young folks together. There had not been any positive arrange ment for marriage; but matters , were pretty well understood between them ; that is, Henry Storer knew that if he asked, and Tiney said' No, she must be an arrant coquette ; arid Tiney knew that if Henry did riot ask, his behavior would be shameful. Matters being in this harmonious condition, the demon attached to the household of the goddess of Discord, whose particular province it is to see that the course of true love should not run smooth (a gentleman, by the by,' to whom, in the name of all story; tellers, past, present, and to come, we muot tender our most hearty thanks), throw one of his apples between the two fathers, and ' they accordingly quarrelled. ', , . A slight allusion to the cause of quarrel will be sufficient. It was about a railway, which Mr Reynolds had been the first to suggest to a well-known capitalist, and the construction of which was entrusted to Mr Storer. A foolish affair, arising out of a misunderstanding, which might have been explained in five minutes' calm conversation. But, unfortunately, Mr Reynolds' had a very explosive temper, and Mr Storer was proud and impatient, and they happened to* meet while the former was smart ing under th'e first sense of injury, which caused him to demand an explanation in a tone whioh prevented the other from giving it, though it had not been five minuteB before on the tip of his ton ?ae. And so they came ' to high words, and we-je very uncivil engineers.tp one another; and when Mr Reynolds , came home, he forbade his' daughter Tiney ever to speak to Henry Storer .again. 'Why ?' Raid she. 'Because I would sooner see you in your grave than married to the son of that scoun drel,' he replied. Tiney' fried coaxing; for the first time without effect. ?'? Then she pouted, but he remained firm. Lastly, ohe rebelled, which was injudioious, as it put her father on Mb guard, and caused Tiini to. place her safely with Aunt Sarah before starting for Canada. Sucli a' separation would have softened an ordinary father and daugther who were fond of each other, bnt. it was nothing to, Cheae— 'they were;UBed to it. 'Mr-Reynolds wu¥ perpetually' ruBhiag off to bring a wood, a mountain, or a river into subjection in some distant quarter of the globe, and Tiney had grownto regard such absences much as the family of a railway guard do his daily journeys to and from some far-off English town.. The above is the sub stance of what Tiney told at much greater length; and then she burst out crying. ' If your version of' this unhappy affair be correct,' said Aunt Sarah, in a soothing tone,. which she employed when children in the. infant school fell and hurt themselves, 'all will come right in time. Your papa has a hasty temper, but it is not in his natnre to harbor resentment for any protracted period.' ' ' But, by this'; time he comes back, Hen ? Captain Storer' may have gone anywhere, or have married some one else !' 'My dear !: This excess of feel ing, about a gentleman who is not related to you, is positively indelicate.' ' I can't help it, aunt. I'll never marry any one else!' 'Well; and a life of celibacy is the happi est.' | ? ?' ' '?. '..?'.? Miss Tiney could not help thinking : 'How . do you know?' but she did not utter any such rude and impolitic words. She , was net natur ally of a melancholy temperament, and the shower of tears had cleared her atmosphere. So she set to work to see how much cheerful ness could be got out of her duenna.' It was something like extracting sunbeams from a cucumber, but happily there was a topic in Crocus^ Ordley just then, and they discussed that. An important topic ; this was Tuesday, und on the Thursday, Lord Ordley, graciously intended to come of age. There were to be grand doings at the Hall on the occasion, the most promising entertainment being a balloon, i Not a fire-toy, but a real cloud-ship; which was ' in the habit of taking scientific men and scientific instruments to appalling : ? altitudes. The former were sometimes smashed, the latter invariably. ' ' ; ' ' Thii balloon was to be filled in the morning, and fastened to the earth by a rope, so that all who -chose might make partial- ascents, like cruel boya having rides on a donkey tethered by the leg. Bnt in the evening it was to be let loose, and an experienced aeronaut was to sail off in jit. The oldest inhabitant had never seen a; balloon. The younger inhabitants had never seen Miss Sarah Reynolds in a new bonnet, which was to be another feature in the fete, and it was one which proved a far more fruitful subject for discussion between tire aunt and niece than any other.; , Let their conver sation start from what point it liked, it always came back to that. , _ ;.. - . .... The subject came home that afternoon, and notbeiHg quite perfect yet, was sent back for some trifling alteration, with a message that Miss Reynolds. would try it on finally at the shop next day, So, after their: early dinner on Wednesday, aunt and niece repaired to the millineirs in George-street, when the latter de clared that the bonnet was as near an approach to a wotk of art as you could get out of Lon don,' and the former gradually acquiesced. 'I only fear, lest it should be too youthful for me,' said Aunt: Sarah, as they walked under the hot sun up| the hotter pavement. 'Not a bit, aunt,' replied Tiney ; ' because you are not a baby,, it is- no reason why you should be a' g'— -— She was on the point of saying ' a guy,' but the word was arrested on her lips by the appearance of a young man dressed in a ' straw -hat -' and brown holland coat| who stood suddenly ibef ore them in the otherwise deserted street] ('Allow 'the, madam, to present you ?with a! programme of the amusements to- ' morrow^' said he, suiting the aotion to the word, j' Thank you,' said Aunt Sarah, ac ceptirigiit. .' And may I offer one to you ?'^ Tiney could not trust ; herself to speak in ^ply; j but she bowed, and took the printed' paper, bnce folded; arid in which she knew right well there would be a letter, as, of course, there w^s. She- was very silent, and slightly absent during the;; subsequent walk home ; and when they got there, she complained of head ache from the heat, and proposed laying down till tea ;! and she certainly locked the door of her room; which looked like napping ; but ap pearances are deceitful, young ladies slso. The young' man in straw hat and brown holland coat was Henry Storer, and the note ran thus : ' Come,' if possible, to the fete in Lord Ordley 's park,1 :and try to make one of the ' partial balloon ascents' when there is no one in the car but the man in charge of it. The owner of the balloon is my friend, and I shall be that man. It is of tne 'utmost importance that I should speak to you alone,' There was 'neither name nor initial at the beginning or end— no- thing to compromise,- in case of accident, and yet all clear.' Auut .Sarah was astonished at my niece's high spirits that evening and on the following morning. It seemed surprising to' her that! a girl who lived a good deal in Lon don, and was used to gaiety, should be so much excited jby the prospect of a country merry making.i Lord jOrdley's twenty-first birthday dawned bright and clear, and though clouds gathered over the sun at mid-day, they remained very high, and there was no expectation of rain. It was the hottest day of a hot week, in spite of the obscuration of the sun's rays. ' The com petitors I who 'entered for the sack race, the twenty-two who played in the crioket-matoh, these who chased the soapy-tailed pig, and the sanguine climbers of the greasy pole — all per sisted prof usedly. Of course, the balloon was the great point of attraction, as it swayed slowly about in the braezeless air like a gigantic! porpoise, above a wondering crowd. But though all admired, few cared to goup in it as far, as the rope permitted, in spite of the earnest invitations of Captain Storer, who acted his part most conscientiously ; so that, by the time Mis3 Reynolds and Tiney reached the spot, the adventurous spirits of Crocus Ordley arid its neighborhood were exhausted, and there were no more candidates for an as cent. Tiney. was too cunning to hint at an intention which would assuredly have met with opposition, but waited till her aunt was on gaged in earnest discourse with the vicar, and then slipped quietly away, and stepped into the .car, with the assistance of Henry Storer, who was awaiting her.' ' Lot go 1' he cried to the men \yho held it ; arid they rose slowly to the extent of their tether:, , . ; ' . ' The engineer wasted no time in making ap proachesjin form. '? DiareBt Tiney,' said ho, directly they were above the heads of the crowd, 'I will you marry me?' The young lady sibillated modestly. ' At onoo ?' ?' 0 no; that is impossible.' 'Why not? You are of age next week, and no one can prevent it;' ' Without papa's consent 1 Oh, that can never bei' ' Listen to me, Tinoy, lpvo. I have persuaded my father to writo to Mr Reynolds a full explanation of the. circumstances of the affair whioh offended him. The ' construction, of that iwrotchfc'd railway was offered to my father iby mistake',' und 'ho' at ' once' ' aokod whether Mr ReynoldB had been consulted, and declined giving a reply until tnat had been done; The directors will confirm this, and all will be right.' ' Then why not wait ?' ' Be cause I am under orders for New Zealand, where I maybe kept for years, and. must sail before we should have time to communicate with jyour father and receive his reply. 0 Tiney, will you not go with me as-my wife?'. ' Mv; aunt would never consent, and would make such a fuss !— 0 dear, what is the matter?' 'Nothing, dearett! it is only the wind which has suddenly got up, and is blowing the balloon about a little. —Never mind your aunt; we will go .to London, and be married in your own church. Fortunately, my lodgings are in the same parish, and there need be no delay to establish residence. You can stay with your sister Fanny till the day you are twenty-one— next Tuesday, is it not?' 'Yes. But, O dear, how the balloon does jerk at the rope ! ' 'Never fear, love 1 I will call to themon to pull us down in one moment. — But just say what day you will leave this, and I will have a car riage and post-horees': ? He was arrested by a jloud snap, and a cry of dismay and terror 'from the orewd below. The rope had broken! . . Tiney, peeping down in terror from the car, saw a white mass of upturned, faces, amongst which she distinguished that of her aunt, who had also raised her hands, and who looked so dreadfully shocked, that even the peril of her strange situation could not prevent a slight sense of the ludicrous, tinging the fears of her undutiful niece. Indeed, the idea of afeljow- : femalejsailing off into space alone with a strange man, drowned all consideration of mere danger to life and limb in the breast of Aunt Sarah. Had she known that the ? inan was not strange; but an affianced lover, and an officer to boot, ? she would probably have become petrified.; ; It was but a momentary glance that Tiney had of the crowd below, for the balloon shot up like an - arrow, while the rising breeze carried it at the same time in a westerly direction. She turned giddy, and threw herself down at the bottom of the can Storer exerted himself to soothe her fears, and after a time he partially succeeded. She was naturally a courageous girl, and his protection was very reassuring : she thought him such a wonderful fellow. ' At least,!' said she, when she had grown calmer, ' we shall die together!' 'Die! What nonsense!' cried he. 'This looks like a wpnderful piece of good luck. , See ! the breeze is blowing us towards London. Is not that like fatality ?.' 'But how are ever we to come down ? ' ? '.Ohj balloons always come down. You don't throw out 'ballast, and you open the valves, and there you are. , 'Have jou opened the valves?. '?' Not yet; it is not time. He did not tell her that he had not yet found but how to doit. And then they positively spooned a little. It is my firm belief that if the future 'Mrs Jonah had been swallowed with the prophet, they would have been senti mental ,even in that situation. But .external influences soon stopped the Henry- Tiney bill ing; the balloon did absurd things ; it rocked and rolled like a ship at sea ; and then it; spun like a top, so that nausea supervened. At sun set, a thunder-storm, whioh had been brewing all the afternoon, burst, around them. ,It was very grand, but they get soaked ; and dread lest the object of his affections should catch cold set Henry to work at trying to open the valves in real earnest. He hud shirked it before, with a natural 'repugnance to risking anything at such a height above the ground. It is alarming enough to pull a string when you know that' nothing but a douche of water will come of it : to perform the operation in a state of uncertainty as to what will happen, and in a balloon, must be most trying. : However, Henry Storer found the strings, and pulled them, with no worse result than an increased tendency to sink, for theyhadbeen gradually coming down for some time. And so, to cut the story short, about ten o'clock pirn.,' the balloon sank down close to. the ground, where it acted in a most tantalising way, seemingly unable to make up its mind, whether to stop on earth or take another tarn in the clouds.. Fortunately, the wind had moderated again, but still they went tearing over the fields, and through trees and hedges, at a most unpleasant, and indeed dangerous pace ; Storer fishing all the time with a grap nel. He tore the thatch off a rick or two ; pulled down a stack of chimneys ; hooked a bull (who roared rather, but got away), and then at last the apparatus got a firm hold of the framework of a conservatory in a gentleman's garden, and the balloon was dashed with some violence to the ground, tumbling out the' occu- pants of the car in a very summary way. ' Are you hurt, dearest ?' ' No. Are you ?' ' Not a bit. What a to-do the balloon is mak ing with the glass ! We had better get ont of this, or perhdpB they will make us pay.' ; So they stole quietly out of tho garden, leaving the balloon to manage for itself, and shortly afterwards found a village, where they got a fly which took them to a railway station, and an up-train arriving at a most fortunate time, Tiney slept that night at her sister Fanny's house at Bayswater. She wrote to' her aunt Sarah next day to ? assure her of 'her safety; Bhe was shaken, she said, but hoped to be quite well and able to travel in a day or two. And so she was, and proved it by jour neying into the state of matrimony. A couple of months later, a letter arrived from Mr Rey nolds, removing the interdict from Henry Storer; and explaining that he himself had been hasty and in the wrong. It was sent after Tiney, who was well on her way to New Zealand by that time. 'Really, papa, dear,' said Mrs Storer in her reply, 'it may have seemed very bad of me to forestall your con sent, though I did know it would come some time. But, you see, tho adventure took me so by surprise: how could one expect to be flown away with !' 