NAVAL KEOBPTIÓN'OF HIS ": HÖYAL HIGUI j NESS, TUE, DUKE OF EDINDUltGII., Steamers, navigating Port Jackson on tho ovoning »of Tuesday, tho 21st initnnt, uro horoby cautioned ..against infringing tho Harbour Regulations, whioh ¿provide that-'thsy ?shall hot proceed fastor than híilf '.spcod after sunset; and boats and. othor small craft 'aro particularly directed to exhibit, a bright light, whothor undor way pr at anchor, whori in tho fair way of the harbour. .' " . . ? . - .J j t'ii'i"FJIANCIS Hixson, ,! . j President; Naval Inception Commission. ; > ¡Puntio BAI.I»^-TIIO: committee appointed at- tho ' Exçhnngo to moko arrangements for a publio ball in honour of his Royal Highnoss tho Duko oC Edin- burgh', mot yesterday! in tho Proeidont's room, at tho -Legislativo Gonnoil-ohambors, "when it wasroBolvod .that tho ball should bo hold in tho Hydö Park Pavi- llon î and tho Prosido'nt,' Mr. John Robortson, nnd Mr.| D. Egan wore appointod to wait upon his Royal Highness, nflor his arrival, in orderto aseorlain on what dato it would ba most convonlont and agrecablo to him that tho ball ahould toko pince. It was also rosdlvod, in ordor to mako thb entertainment as gene- ral hnd popular as posslblo, that doublo tiokots, to admit.a lady and gontloman, should bo issuod nt. 20s.. each i arid "that tlioro should ' bo no ', restriction as 'to', dreós-full dross, ordinary dross,' and fanoy dross being 'equally ndmissablo. ' . ' '.' ' . * ' * V 'ÍWTB TnowEt, to bo'presented to"II.R.il.' thd bitkb of Edinburgh, vhon laying Ute foundation of,tho,now .Town Hall,1 ls à splendid 'piece'of 'colonial' workman- ship, and has boon dosignod^tlil-iiiantifacttiród by áfoflsrs.-Mao'I)Oni oil'and Co.,» of .Oéorgó^troor;-' Tho ..rotyol is made 'bf gold8 twdhty-t'wo carats lino Î tho1 llanillo ia of ivory, inlaid with malaohito from tho Peak Downs) tho. handle, isflited iii highly ioma-, -monted gold casings terminating in < fleur-de-lis and surmounted by tho" royal fcoronot, which, ls of solid .gold onoirolod'with-rubies ana emeralds. .-Tlfo'slom is' orhdtnontod by n splomlid -ruby surrounded by bril .liants|!bonontfi this is a oliólo of pearl?, and tho part' "Wliiolt jolas tho bindo Is ornamontod witH a'boftutlfttt ^ o'mornld with eight brilliants,'. Tho "blAdo Js 'about ten inolies In longth, with .flqur- da-lisLuroJUitd.:'(ha.'mhrgin.'' .'Tlioj armorial waring* of thb'1 Olty- Oorribi'rtlioii oro 'plricod 1» roHof on .thsuppor part ot tho blftdo of ' tho ' trowol, in'oxydif'cd'silver.1' .Tho'lrowoUlB'.contained in nn olbga'nt box of choleo colonial' wood, fitted with -gold mountings. Tho dosign nnd workmanship roiled, j t tho jt,<ghost créait upon tho mauufnoLuruis, who Invito !tho : publio to inspect tho trowel at'their establish-' mont. .- --. . TM B PnusHYTKHf AN ,Ciiuitoif.-AI .deputation, con- sisting of' tho Rot*. Dr.. SlocI.TMoilqrutor of tho ' Qoneral ABsombly, ' the Rbv. D'r'.'J'illUiíóli," tho Rev."" Moser*- Thomson,, Milne/ -Cardan J(of Balmain},*' Djiigflll," ' Mn'oVtmxio" (bf 'Ashfield),,. Paterson,' and Leishman, waited upon his-Excollonoy, nt 1 o'oloelt I y-ostorday, td present nn address of ^bloome from tho Uourçal Assembly to his Exc(ulcncy,;thb I5nrl ot Rol moro on .tho occasion of .his assuming" tho government of^tho colony, His Excellency received tho doputa tion wit<h oourtoer, nnd xoturnod a suitable reply, j ...... i ... . 