MISCII:IASl EOUS. W er" oaidiq' Adgn.t I5. A publie maiting waUs held it Bowen on Tihursday evening, at whilh n series of rsolutiins Were unanIltt - mooaly parerd in favour of Provincial Couoneils. T'hII' ;rt rmesoluion was that thle colony be dividld into thrm pertiicesl. Second,-That Ronld Bo:nod hie e talblished. Third,-Tiat tthe shore of the pjIbli edhbt, fairly ehlnargeable to rerl prvriner, hbe nt one nacr taoind, and tile inoterst on rarh shlrn paid otll of the ,onsoliduted rrevenue of ealch provinlic. liourlh, Tfiat thle Chief ICxertlire Oelicr of I he Council shonll be eloeled by thI whole body of Ihe eloclnrs. Fin h. That tile tenure of runs be ielttled On a fair nandl liheral hais. Sixtl,--That tuxation hereduced. Serclth, That petitions ombodying tlie foregnine resolutions be at once forwarded to both Houses of Parliament. Tine Roekbhamptotn olunter Rifles have received marclhing orders-- that is, tlheir srervieces aore discon tinued by his Excellenry in consequence of Ihe Coim pany having been reported as " in a state of insubhor dinate disorganisation." These rowdy Northmen! What ever shall we do withl tilem ? At a meetiag of the Comumiltee of the TI)pswich Agricultural Society -hld on Tuesdny last, it w:s deeided that the Society's first exhribition should be held in the Market building o oone dlte and eveninig during the first week ill October. All kinids of field and garden produce, farming sltock, colonial made implements, &c.;, &e.;, will be received, mnd Ihe entire management has been entrusted to Messrs. Sparrow, -. M. Thompson, J. lIit'phy, snid W. A. Smith. Our agriultrieltints and all who take an itlcerest in tlhe districts have therefore about eight aweeks to prepare, and we trust the result will El?how that there is somen publit spirit among thelm. The paying tranie on the Southern and Westernl Railway for the week endilng on Saturday, August 1, was as follows:--Passengers, £220 17s ml.t; parcels, £12 Sc. 9d.; misecllanonus, £2 Os. 6d.; goods, £807 10s. 9d. Total, £1073: Os. 3d. We understand says our Maryborough contem porary, that a large Balarl t firm ere about to establish a branchl foundry and engin?i rs' work shops in this town. The demand for new mx ehinery for suengar-mahing and quartz-crulshing is very \- large in the district, and a local establihienct. would, no doubt, got its share of this business. Besides this, the quantity of machinery that will soon be at work in the district will be so very grent, tltt in oaiotain inB its eSiciency a large business will be cnlled into en-tenee. There are now three largeo snaw-mills and one small one, and three sugor fatories--thle estub liahment of Mosers. Tooth and Cran, in addition to \- their extensire plant for theo manufoture of extract of meat ndgf sugar, bhas a good dneal of olher machinery, for bone- erushing, currying, wool-prcseing, &c.;, andi it addition to all this, there are thie nulneroos large qguarts-erushers arriving, and to arrive. It is esti amated that within a few amoithls not less than onet nnndred thonusands'pounds worth of steam machinery will be at work in this district. ':OnaTuesday we were shown two very handsome tiuggtiss of gold from the Cape iveir Diggings, one *eighlng over an ounce and tihe otlher aboutn Iulf an "ddnce. The owner, at one time a rcsideut of Ipswich, he come down on business, and will returi in the Setourse of a few days. He reports tile majority of the Sdiggers as doing well, and the place prospering. SOn Monday evening a very handsome silver tea sericeewas presented to tile Rev. W. Oardiner, niin isteir of the Wesleyan Church, Ipswicb, by a few friends, who were desirous of expressing in a sub stantisl manner their esteem and regard. Thle oppor tunity chosen was a peculiarly favourable and interest Ing one, the rer. gentleman baring, only a few days prevaiously, made his happy escape from the miseries -af aingle blessedness. The etewanrd of the circuit, Mir. W. arter, presented the gift, accompanying it with a e?w appropriate remarks. Am experiment in tubo-well driving lhas been made .during the last few days, and is still proceeding, on an'allotment of ground in Ellenboroughl-street, oppo site tbhe water reserve. Tile experimenters are 3lfesars. Jsannerman and Dryasdale, smith and plumber restec terlyg, and the tube, which is driven by a small mon ,ey, consisting of the leaded unare of a eart wheel, has mc-breded adepth of about fire-and- twenty feet, Irfusing :togo any further. It is evident that the rotk has been reached, and the tubing wrill lnhave to be drawn. A it about fourten feet from the surface water was ob iLnned, bnt it proved to be salt. Drysdalo expressee hnadetermination to follow up the experiment: he is Sconfldent of sueceess, and expects shortly to be able to -:ontract.for providing and sinking tube wells at a \- noderaterate,say about £7 or£8 each. We elnall -'ttwiery glad indeed to learn that he has been able to marr e ca,?t eUch an intention. -iepnrts have been current during the post werek a~ ? nih quarts reef has been struck 'ery near Lucky Valley diggings. It appears that a plarty of S-ii"men hare been prospecting some weeks for a reel, :andonflaturday last they were rewarded by Gnding stiaboutten feet deeplarge quantitics of quartz ii twhich gold could be plainly observed. Every piece A-hey broke up contained gold in more or less quanlti .-se~ , and they are confident that tlhy will hit the reef . itself. This, they consider, is only a leader, or vein, 'and their object is to follow it up. A prospector's cl?aim wasmarked out, and a rush took place from tihe aliurial diggings. TIhe old ovalley has been compara -itely deserted, a new rush ihaving taken placem to a gully about two miles from tihe diggings. Some of :the diggers are doing well, and some that are out prospecting on their own necountare also gettilg gold. SThu generallmpression is thant there are richer gullies ishe noighbourhood than that which has been re centy worked. : Ooal has been found on thle Bloomsbutr run, two imiles fiom-NavigabloCreek, and withlin sixty miles of water-carriage to IlBowen. It is supposed that it is a contotinnation of the seam on tie Bowen River. 'Business at the banks and Government otices ill Ipwihob was suspended on ]n'ridnay in honour of the new Governor, who landed in lrisbanue on that day, but beyond this, and the display of a few Ilags, three was no demonstration. A correspondent writing to a Brisbane paper says : -? "ow as were the prices this season, thie eotton crop baaleftmoremoney on the Logan and Albert thia n. An'other crop ever did." We are very glad to lhear this. We know it to be the case in our own district, but we had heard reports that nearer the coast cotton cultivation was likely to be entirely abandoned, in Scossequence of its unproductivrcness, in favour of . eugar. ahe amount receivable at the Ipswiche Land Ollieo Son acount of the land for whichl applications were granted last court day wasn about £1300, of whlichl over 1t000 was paid in cansh, and the rest in land-orders. T he following is a return of the paying traic oni the SBouthern and Westermo Bilway foer tIe wek end jing.on Saturday last:--Passengers, £227 I1s. 3d.; parcels, £10 5s. 10d.; miscelluneous, £14 Js. 10d.; -goods, £594 9s. 6d. Total, £843 1Os,. 8d. . Our Brisbane correspondent Ims thie following : 'h.atory, which I believe is quite true, is told of the Scounterfeit Count Von Attems, which goes a litile nay in itself to show he woas an impostor. The Count hbonured a ball given here during Iis visit with hisi presence, and lamented, with a most lugubrious Scountenance, to a lady tIlhat hle was put about for a -lack of fands--not, lhowever, that hlie wanted Ihe nlady to lend hilm any, but by nway of braggadoib. " Sly dear madam, I can assure you zat I hIure only got sni eousand pounds to last me for a on forleiigit, and I reel quite miserable." IHe paid tile owner of the "Hamlet's GhBost" for the yacht, but I aux afraid got Sthe money, on the strengthi of certain papers, from another Brisbano gentleman. The eouIt was verr profuse with "his"money both here and on the n?ny from Sydney, and "shouted" champagone in thle lmost extravaegant manner. 11o took away with himt as rap tain of his yacht IMr. Hamlyn, late of thIe Q.S.K. Co.'s serrie, but they fell out at lonekhamplton and eparated. A young gentlemann lthrew up his eituaioi in the Custom House to go witl the count, bhut ihe also left the yacht at Roeckhanpilon, and is either back or on his way back. There is very little doubt that we ahaUll hear of the " Ghost" before shel gets to Bhlt via, supposing that to be hlier destint(ion, ; for she is a gimerack craft, and it is unlikely the new owner would care to go far fromi land in h?cr. 