THEATRE ROYAL. Friday, May 15. Musical comedies are a pleasant varia tion to contested elections, but there is not very much encouragement to put them on. The audience that assembled to hear "Love laughs at Locksmiths" was not quite what Cupid deserved. But with the players he had no room to find fault, unless with the muff who occu pied the shoes of the fire-eating Captain Beldare. Cupid should imitate Comus in giving over that devotee as a hopeless case. Bisk; the scheming servant, who opens the locks of the harem for his master, showed Mr. Coppin in a milder line than any he has yet assumed. In its clever knavery there was not much scope for his broad humour, _ but there was a good deal for his musical powers, though unfortunately not in solos. The only really Coppinish hit in it was the song " Unfortunate Miss Bailey," which gave a very ludicrous version of a ghost scene. Mr. Kogers had the part of a choleric old painter to play—Vigil, the self appointed, and therefore very vigilant guardian of Lydia (Miss Forde). His talent had also to struggle iu the fetters of the gamut, and to be submissive to the orchestra. The satisfaction derived from them was, as in Mr. Coppin's case more general than particular. In short there was almost nothing to individualize, but the piece altogether was lively and agreeable. Miss Forde combined, as usual, much vocal ability with dramatic indifference. The skating f&te; was gone through successfully, the efforts of champions and beginners receiving their due applause. The concluding farce of " 'i.he Turnpike Gate" gave Mr. Coppin an opportunity of appearing in another of his familiar characters. Crack the Cobbler. The vagaries of that very eccentric individual .were represented naturally and felicitously, and the exercises of the untrained voice in two or three songs were highly amusing. He looked throughout the very picture of a man who could benevolently keep others sober by drinking their ale at all the. village public-houses, and be denied a situation as parish clerk by a jealous clergyman because of his unctious amen. Mr. Sogers was capital as Joe Standfast. Indeed, his versatility in the old man line is very special indeed. The other characters were fairly represented, and the piece passed off in a lively manner. \- Monday, May 18. The advent of Madame Bishop has told rather heavily on the stallB and dress circle at the Boyal, hut the gods and the groundlings have been true to their allegiance. They made a very fair house on Monday, when a special programme was pro vided for them. FitzbalTs celebrated drama of " The Pilot, or the Storm at Sea," was the opening piece. Its original celebrity had been .acquired, we presume, at Shoreditch, or some other ultra marine locality. It is tremendously charged with thunder, lightning, gunpowder. cutlasses, courting; and other elements of disorder. If it has any his torical relation at all it must date from the time of the American Revolution, when the Yankees were not held in so much esteem by John Bull as they are now. The dramatis persona are in two sets—English and American. At the head of the first stands Tom Coffin, a true sea-dog of the Kelson period, who loves his Bhip like a human being, would die for his captain, and would wish to have a hundred lives to sacrifice for his country. Tins estimable but rather apocryphal personage was played to the life by Mr. Hoiloway, who chewed his quid and damned Ins optics as if he had been profes sionally trained at Deal.- He was the genius of the storm, but his genius utterly deserted him in calm weather. The only mild scene in his part he " hollared" outof countenance. In escaping from the American marines, apparently with naif a dozen balls concealed about his person, he has to make a long swim for the ArieL He is dragged on board with not more than an inch and a half of Wind left¥hbim . The author has chosen to throw in a £t of delirium. Here without any apparent reason—Tom having jUst accomplished a feat for Which he would have required to have all his senses aboat him. But Mr. Hollowa? humours the artistic vaguery, and before his lungs can possibly have recovered he makes a stentorian lunatic of himself. Apart from this he was vigorous and sailorlike. The sensational hero is Lieut. Bambstable, who, while fighting the Yankees, is caught attempting to carry off a Yankee wife. For this grave ofisnce against the law of nations he is ordered to be shot by his own father—a renegade Englishman in Yankee disguise. Bat tbe honour of the family Is preserved by an uncle—the pilot—stepping in as tds saviour. Mr. Welsh, as the pilot,, looked and talked like h penny-a-liner in a pea-jacket .Mr. Lawrence ■came nearer the nautical style as Lieut. Barnstable. „ . . At tike head of the Yankees was Captain Boronghcliff. who became in Mr. Coppin s hands a creditable reflection of the Aefferson model. The dialect was not particulariy^Smrked, but the more wi^that happy art which seems more than mere wjrffl. Their success may, in fact be attributed to too natural affinity between Jonathan and Mr. KJoppin. No Yankee "Could show greater coolness In the most exciting situation. None could have a more inveterate tem for joking at anything and everything. As ftfr cuteness, it did not require to : be assumed, and question of moral courage. way be left open. Captain Boreeghcliff had a Sergeant almost as i funny as himself, though in a different manner.' Mr. G-ieviHe, as Sergeant Drill, had the unuRuaJl and, we sfaoffid, think not very easy, test of holdiie his tongue. But if the silence of some, orators be golden, MStat of Mr. Crevtlle was humdrdas. He accomplished almost as mudh by pantomime and phyStbgnomy as if he had liberty df speech. Tke ladies were, Kate Plowden f Miss-St. venis) asd'GeCma (Miss Forde). A simple acknowledg ment df their presence will suffice. The second t&ete;'Was a repetition of the Artful Dodge, WnnKRaruw. Nfjiw 20. Jk^Veeeregal command has generallyMtoodeffect Upon the dre3B circle, toot the commons are a law Unte themselves. The Stalls -were 'faisty filled, the pit. looked bare, and "the gods were tew and far %ttween. The performance woiild 4ave required tio extraneous reoemraendatioB, ns it is seldom ♦two such good pieces-am to be seenin one night as *' The Serious Family" and "TovOblige Benson." 'The first is a longstanding fdvdtirite, mid its popn-. iarity increases with age. Many able actors have required to strain their skill on its leading characters, but the cast-given by Mr. Ctoppiri provoked no hwiflkras comparison. It was in every1, point good, and Aminidab Sleek himself was ad-* mirable. Mr.'fSappin haslfitadied the Staggmses ■of modem iitepstore to some purpose, and he «eaai ; embody themros 'perfectly as any reader can coc- ■■ ceive tbemdrihas xrwn mind. His sour solemnity of xouatenanoewas-'outy the backgro^d picture 'in -which were '«any expressive <details. The pookersi-up "mbutfe betrayed fcamour ins well as h^iocrisy. The droop of <&e; -eydhEs spoke of«OEsetbmg else than sanctity and not quite ^^^Kakin te-it. «~Aminidab wes a vivid vrfthouffctiag repulsive type of the pious humbug. It was obvious ieS. through-Aha t he was acting -atp-art under Had? Creamly,:ieind that he halfi a litrisgame of tes- OVvi in view, trdis disappointment <&& the end wasmot of-a putbiy spiritual character. -There may'bave'beeu a 'little, too, of thas undMOUsrent revesdd^ but'if- so,-vfhat the audience *l«fet'ia art K they-gained in laughter. V Mr. Qreville, in Captain Macgsire, had -a rtle W which could'hardly have been better-dittoi; but, f liktf*tSr Lucius O'Trigger, it imposed a restraint on F the^jGrevilliari■ vie■ comica. Lew -comedy alone ». can -^ive full otope to that 'very peculiar aaahniercunal tatart. In geuteskcorH«dy<italwayB leeks stilted and * half paralysed. Mr.ffawrence played very credittbly as Mr. Oharles Torraas. He hasvrubbed off much of the stiffcesa-wfaioh -at first ^B depreciated his'srsal ability, and beeouse more ^various, as wteH as more gagbic. sHe«san con V tribute far mors Shan formerly to the make-up of a W dramatic -situation. For insteace,' in 'the second W acts*when discovered in Mrs. ©shrmme'stouse by I bis wife and -ntother -in- law,, his transformation from a man-oft he world into- a-Jaoeoeeed saint oahibited astritofcig contrast. -Miss St. Deees could not' felt succeed in Mrs. ■Belmaine, the scheming and attractive young •widow.' Ibwa&oneof; the -rlffes-in whichher early -suaeesses werwwon, and which she has-sever since •eclipsed, isbeahas toned Vifesm- devrauin some respects and'idaborated them-in others. but not -always witbrgoad effect. Her liveliness often runs . into a fetcedA&ugh;, whic&-ssot only vcjiates her style, but leaders her elocution very ambiguous. • In mimicry she finds legitimate play far this arti •ificialism, and>cach hits- are always caciain to be applauded. - >Her conception of Mrs.* £>elmaine, lure her ideas generally, anefcictelligentli t-he frame work of her-tcrpersonatioaE is really artistic, but t«feer ornamentation is ofteoa'.: fault. Aire. Hollo way ••turned out aaaest cadavereo&'Quaker-ladking Lady \- Ffeeamly. The rest of fcbec/east had fcsi be borne -witn as .anu«ciavoidablee«?jl. . Thet •piece was ■-•brought to aohserful concbision bothfoawctors and ..audience, isad-a general muster before -the curtain • dedicated sauepartial disosfention of -peafciic praise. The comedietta of " To Wfclige Benson" brought out Mr. Gogfin a second-tea: 3 in oneofics bucoiic ,-sttles—Mr. iliselter SoiU&down.; His mangold •wurtzels, his#Mtvagon-of, a wife, and.heaj3irtation -with Mr. Meseditli drove ifiom into weHeimulated fdbough ludknaus. madness. Mrs. HetUeway was .•.ftfcove averagers: Mrs. Southdown, and Ahe others arbbed through according to their .respective ,.eseuliarities. -.To-night tbaabove progjwpnieis to . .berepeated, sued Mr. Ooppin has made, prepara . dtous for a targe influx > oft iBortoniaos. v£~ special r.dasin will lease/far the Boibst half-past CI. 