FRIDA Y, OCTOBER 30, 1868. » Mr. BINDON'S retirement from the political arena caused much speculation and conjecture, and excited in the public mind a lively curiosity as to the nature of the public oflicû to which he would succeed after the lapse of the statutory six months. No one ever supposed that he had any other object in view, in re- linquishing his honorary representative office, than his own aggrandisement, and tho only doubt was as to whether he was to be a county court judge or a commissioner in insolvency, at the expiry of the period of abstinence from public affairs which the Officials in Parliament Act enforces upon re- tiring members. Public surmise no doubt took a very wide range in this case, and Mr. BINDON ?was credited with aspirations of the most diverse description. Some thought he aimed at the office of Chief Justice, and others that a clerkship of petty ses- sions would meet his views; but no one ever disputed his claim to the very first good thing that should turn up. Having tamely submitted to the indignity of being supplanted by Mr. CASEY, the public willingly accorded to him, in con- sideration of his extraordinary meekness, the foremost place among the pious band who put their trust in PROVIDENCE and Mr. M'CULLOCH, and it came to be an understood thing that he was to be put into a snug place so soon as a favour- able opportunity presented itself. So far Mr. BINDON'S affairs were amicably set- tled, and the public were glad to think that they had got rid of him, in his legis- lative capacity, on any terms. But by the Castlemaine electoral dis- trict Mr. BINDON is not got rid of quite so easily, since his retirement im- poses upon the inhabitants the onerous duty of electing a member in his stead. This duty has to be performed to-day, and in preparing for it difficulties of a very serious nature have had to be en- countered. Only a Loyal Liberal could worthily succeed Mr. BINDON. SO much seemed to be immediately conceded by the stronger party in the district, and the choice was then found to lie between a Loyal Liberal of culture and attain- ments, and another who was conspicuously wanting in both. Need we say which was chosen as the genuine Ministerial champion? As in all such contests, ignorance carried the day, and incapa- city was triumphant. Mr. TUCKER, there- fore, became the nominee of the Loyal Liberal dictators of the Castlemaine dis- trict, and is now prosecuting an active canvass in their interests and his own. What are his political principles 1 So far as we can gatherfromhisprintedspeeches, his hopes chiefly rest on an avowed faithfulness to Mr. M'CUXLOCH. He does not go far beyond that, but what little he does venture to advance on his own account is consistent enough with his radical political principle. He highly approves of log-rolling; he would destroy all sewing-machines ; he would not object to a clause in any Educational Act that would compel the study of the science of phrenology. The last two declarations of political opinion were made in reply to questions, and it is just possible that Mr. TUCKER is so weak, so ignorant, and so time-serving that he would answer anything in the affirmative, or adopt any opinion, if by so doing he could gain votes. But if we think better of him, and suppose that he honestly and advisedly goes in for the abolition of the sewing machine and the compulsory teaching of phrenology, what can we then think of his ability 1 To condemn the sewing machine is simply to condemn ma- chinery in every form-to condemn all those labour-saving expedients which have enabled the European countries to support their increasing populations during the past fifty years, ard that have enhanced the comforts and conveniences of mankind while lightening the toil of individuals. ÁS to the sewing-machine itself, there can be no doubt as to its great usefulness. What the cause of Mr. TUCKER'S spite against it may be, we are at a loss to imagine. If it is bad, so also is the macliinery of a flour mill. If in the manu- facture of clothes wo should remain constant to the needle and thimble, so I should we also remain constant to the quern in the manufacture of flour and meal. What the candidate meant by declaring himself in favour of compul- sory phrenology, we cannot guess ; but his devotion to log-rolling is not so difficult to explain. The Castlemaine district is not so prosperous as it has been. In fact, it is one of those places for which " something should be done " in the way of Government or Parlia- mentary assistance, and Mr. TUCKER desired to show that he knew exactly how tins aid was to be procured. He 'said "he would tell them how " things were done. If a member " of a majority wanted anything " a meeting was called of some half " dozen. They then concerted together, " and went to the Government, and told " them what was required. Tho Go * vernment considered it, and if they ** thought it right, did it, knowing that " if they did not comply they would go " on to the other side. This was what u was-called log-rolling." This is about fas frank and ingenuous a confession of political corruption as could well be desired. "Without any consciousness of ?wrong-doing, Mr. TUCKER offered himself lo the electors of Castlemaine as a lind of agent or procurer, through ivhom they might barter their political support for material advantages ; and so far as we can discover, the liberal and .enlightened constituency received the dishonouring proposal with perfect com -'llacency. That the putative father of the Quieting Bill should have attempted to corrupt a constituency, is no matter for wonder ; but it is surprising that a respectable body of electors should have Encouraged the odious pretensions of such a man as Mr. TUCKER. Utterly wanting in political integrity, he is unworthy to be trusted by any constituency, and his ignorance is so great as to render him incapable of properly representing any body of average colonists, be it ever so small and obscure, in any deliberative assembly whatever. It is true that the electors of Castle- maine have no great choice on the pre- sent occasion. Mr. TUCKER'S opponent, Mr. KITTO, professes to be an " indepen " dent " candidate, and we havo no great opinion of gentlemen who come for- ward for election without having already formed political opinions for themselves. j3ut Mr. KITTO may espouse the cause of right if elected, while Mr. TUCKER Las distinctly pledged himself to the opposite course ; arid it is certain that the former possesses many educational and other t qualifications for mem- bership in which the latter is con- spicuously wanting. The election will be decided this day, and without professing any very warm interest in its issue, we must nevertheless express a preference for the candidate who did not introduce the Quieting Bill, and who has not declared himself the apostle of log- rolling. It is not pleasant when a man thinks that he has paid a very pretty compli- ment to be warned not to be a fool ; still less pleasant is it when the admo- nition proceeds from the very object of our delicate attention. Such, however, Las been the hard fate of our neigh- bours in New South Wales. Their rapturous loyalty has met with a chill- ing reception norn the Imperial Govern- ment. Their too famous Treason Felony Bill, which was rushed through Parliament in a few hours, has »ot even found its way to HER MA 3ESTY. The Duke of BUCKINGHAM, üf course, fully appreciates the devoted attachment to HER MAJESTY'S Crown and person which produced such a measure, and says many other civil things, but intimates that these effu- sions of a noble rage are, upon the whole, " extreme in their scope and in " the severity of their penalties." His head was not turned by the visit of a prince of the blood, and he was also de- ficient in the further pleasurable excite- ment which is produced by the discovery of a Fenian mare's nest. Accordingly he hesitates to advise HER MAJESTY to send any of her subjects for two years on the roads because that subject objects to take off his hat when "God save the Queen " is played, or because he will neither shout nor join in a shout with a lot of Orange loafers in honour of HER MA- JESTY'S health. The bill, therefore, remains in a state of suspended anima- tion, and the Colonial Secretary assures the GOVERNOR of the pleasure with which he will hear that the exuberant loyalty of the Parliament of Sydney has been tempered with even a very little disci etion. The late New South Wales Ministry, however, were not at all disposed to write themselves down asses. They handle the Duke of BUCKINGHAM rather severely, 'tell him that he had better mind his own business, and let them mind theirs, and absolutely refuse, " respectfully but c< firmly," to propose either the altera- tion or the repeal of the objectionable .clauses. They insist that these clauses have had a very beneficial effect, and aie quite in accoidance with the com onon law of England. As to the first point, we do not care to dispute it. If the people of Now South Wales like iheir new law, we are quite content. We wish them joy of their new legislation, and only hope that they may long retain fche monopoly of it. But when we are giavely told that this atrocious act is a .mere restoration of the common law, it -is time to look to our own condition, Wo are not aware that the doctrines of the common law on this matter iave been altered by any statute , either in this country or in England ; and if the views of the Sydney Government be correct, we too may be living in a state of rabid anti 3Tenianism. We may be Hable, without our knowing it, to two years on the roads, if wo say, or do, or abstain from anything which, in our innocence, ?xve have hitherto thought harmless. If, for example, a man were casually to observe, in Sydney, that he thought the QUEEN'S journal a very poor book, .any person might, without warrant, eeize him, bring him before a magistrate, cause him to be committed and con- victed, and sentenced, under the Trea- son-Felony Act, for the use of language disrespectful to HER' MAJESTY, If the culprit were to write his criticisms, or to publish his offensive words, he would get three years in place of two. If the counsel for the prosecution in such a case were to announce, that in the event of his obtaining a conviction he would proceed to drink the QUEEN'S health, and con- fusion to all her critics, and were to invite the counsel for the prisoner to accompany him to the refreshment rooms for that purpose, that counsel, '. if he ventured " to avow his determina *' tion to refuse to join in this loyal *' demonstration in honour of HER *' MAJESTY," would be sent to join his client. If anyone were to say that he thought the unfortunate counsel quite tight, and that he admired the man's ?courage, and was sorry for his sentence, lie, too, would learn in the company of us partners in misfortune the conse- quence of "holding out by word or *' deed as worthy of praise the conduct " of persons condemned and punished " in due course of law for such con " duct." Wo are fold that these provisions " are in accordance with the spirit of " those wise and ancient laws (i.e., the " common law), and bvft very slightly " extend their application." Wo can only say that if this be so wo aro truly thankful that the common law of New South Wales is not the common law of Victoria. For our part, we regard the sections of which the Duke of BUCKING- HAM complains as a disgrace to any civilised community-much moro so to one of British descent, and living under freo institutions. The Sydney Go- vernment have made bad worse by their defence. It was bad enough to have made themselves ridiculous in the eyes of the world by pass- ing such a bill, even though they did so in a fury of rage and terror and loyalty. But it is an insult to the law and to the QUEEN, who reigns by and administers tho law, to allege that such principles ever formed part of the com- mon law of England. That law was made by and was meant for free men, and not for fulsome flatterers or nervous alarmists. We are glad that tho Duke of BUCKINGHAM, on behalf of the QUEEN, repudiates such spurious loyalty, and shows that HER MA- JESTY will accept no compliments at the expense of the most sacred rights of any of her subjects. So far as we are concerned, there is no danger. No sane man would propose such a bill in this colony. Bad as in some things we are, we have not como to that yet. The Treason-Felony Act, as it is in England, let us have by all means. It is a useful measure, which has worked well for twenty years at home, and which creates no new crime, but relates merely to procedure in cases of acknowledged treason, and mitigates the old punish- ment for that offence. But as to these new Sydney crimes, we will have none of them. Whether they come by statute or by some antipodean common law, they will never do for us. We heartily hope, for their own sakes and for the common reputation of Australia, that the new Ministry of New South Wales will reconsider the question. Let them have the courage to acknowledge that they were wrong. No one is always wise. The only real folly is perseverance in doing wrong, and the dogged defence, by absurd arguments, of conduct of which every instinct of a freeman tells them that they should be heartily ashamed. Notwithstanding tho denials which have been put forward, we havo no hesitation in reiterating our statement that Mr. Jones's friends have beon strenuously endeavouring to compromise tho actions which have been biought against him by Messrs. Randell and Bees. Mr. Jones, of course, denies tho re- port himself, but that is a circumstance which will not, wo apprehend, affect tKs credibility of our statement in the estima- tion of any person. The public may rest assured that Mr. Jones will leave no stone unturned to avoid putting in an appearanco at the Supreme Court. Gasconading before a select committee composed of unscrupulous friends and half-hearted political opponents, was child's play to the unblushing Jones ; but a few hours' cross-examination in a witness-box, under the legal responsibility of an oath, is an ordeal to be avoided at all risks. His Excellency Sir J. LT. T. Manners Sutton, as we learn from a special slip from the office of the Ararat Advertiser, arrived in Ararat on Tuesday evening, on his return from his trip to the more western portion of the district. The borough council, anxious to render all proper attention and secure a fitting recep- tan for the Vice-regal visitor, at once held a special meeting, at which it was determined that the mayor and mombers of that body should meet His Excellency some miles from Arm at, and convey to him a warm welcome on behalf of the inhabitants and residents of the district. It was also agreed that, as thero was no local corps in the town, a caval- cade of gentlemen dressed as knights in costly armour should also meet the party and escort His Excellency into Ararat. Towards the afternoon the borough councillors left the town, and drove nearly as far as the Hopkins Inn before meeting with His Excellency. The Vice-regal carriages were then met. They pulled up, and the mayor welcomed the Governor to the district in the usual way. A short distance beforo the town was reached the knights already alluded to drew up on either side of the road, presenting a most effec- tive appearance. The band of the Fire Bri- gade was in attendance at the hotel in Ararat, and after His Excollency, for himself and Lady and Miss'Sutton, had acknowledged the enthusiastic cheering of the crowd from the balcony of the hotel, " God save tho Queon ' was played. During the day the town was decorated with flags, and at the Chinese quarter, through which His Excellency and stit'ie passed, there was a triumphal arch erected bearing a Chinese inscription of wel- come. On "Wednesday, His Excellency visited the Lunatic Asylum and other public build- ings. Ho held a reception in the afternoon. Yesterday, at noon, was the timo fixed by tho Minister of Justice for receiving tho de- putation from tho medical men opposed to the appointment of a public pathologist, but, as sufficient timo was not left for communi- cating with the members of the profession who aro interested in the matter, the inter- view has been postponed until tho 6th No- vember. Yesterday Mr. Georgo Mott, mayor of Albury, and Mr. J. L. Evans, delegates from the promoters of the Albury and Belvoir Rail- way Company, had interviews, first with Mr. Higinbotham, engineer-in-chiof, and next with Mr. C. E. Jones, Commissioner for Railways. The delegates stated that al- though the intended north-eastern Uno of railway would stop short at Belvoir, thero was a largo amount of traffic between that town and Albury. The distanco was only two miles, and it was proposed to completo this short line to tho Murray frontier by means of private enterprise, provided sufficient encouragement could be offered by the Victorian Government. The replies received in each case were fa- vourable. Mr. Higinbotham stated that tho levels of the north- eastorn lino had been taken with a view to further oxtonsion across "the border, and ho promised to con- sider the practicability of allowing tho pro nosed private company to lay their rails along the roadway between Albury and Belvoir, which roadway was included in the works provided for in the Railway Loan Bill. Mr. Jones saw no difficulty in allowing tho com- pany to use the embankment for tho purpose aforesaid, provided that as soon as the private line paid 10 per cent., the profits above that amount should be shared with the Govern- ment. Ho would also bo willing to allow the company the uso of tho Government engines and rolling-stock upon terms to bo agreed j upon. It would, however, be necessary that . tho company's books should be open to Go- vernment inspection, and he thought it ad- visable that the proposition should bo sub mitted in writing. This the deputation pro- mised to do. A deputation from a committee of the Presbyterian Church Assembly, consisting of the Rev. Dr. Cairns and the Iiovs. Messrs. Nish, Mackie, and M'Donald, yesterday waited upon the Minister of Railways with reference to tho subject of Sabbath desecra- tion. The deputation first asked that the running of sheep trains on Sunday should ho altogether discontinued. Mr. Jones said tho trucks were only available for the carriage of sheep on Sundays, and the sheep must suffer greatly if driven down in bad weather. How- ever, he agreed it was desirable that the em- ployés uf the department should havo ono day of rest in the week, and ho would inquire into thematter, with the viewof making some moro satisfactory arrangement. The deputation next brought under tho notice of the Com- missioner, the fact that although the running of Sunday passenger trains was discontinued, men were kept at work in tho engine sheds on the Sabbath, and suggested that additional men should bo employed on the week days to avoid this. Mr. Jones explained that there woro always little repairs to bo made in the engines at the end of the week, and that this work could only be dono on Sunday, as the trains were at work until after midnight on Saturday, and were on the lines again early on the Monday morning. The deputation then asked that some concession in the matter of railway fares should bo made to members of tho Presbyterian Church Assemhly coming to town to attend the meetings of that body. Mr. Jones promised that return tickets should bo issued at an oxcursion faro and a half, available for eight days ; theso tickets to entitle clergymen to pay one visit to their congregations in the country in tho course of that period. A correspondent, writing upon the subject of the Taylor scandal, desires anxiously that, in the interests of justice, the statutory de- claration " lately paraded before the public'' should be put to the test. Ile therefore offers on his own account £50 to the deacons of the Collins-street Baptist Chapel, towards the expenses of a trial in tho Supreme Court, and a like sum on the part of a gentleman equally desirous of arriving at the truth. A report has gained circulation to the effect that the Rev. Mr. Taylor had left the colony in the ship Truo Briton, which sailed for London from the Heads soon after day- light on "Wednesday. There is no truth in the story. We understand that the construction of the Preston main is progressing as rapidly as circumstances will permit. The work will not be completed so soon as was at first hoped, in consequence of the loss of a ship some months ago, which contained a large portion of the necessary piping ; hut the main will probably be available for use by the ond of the present year. The Royal Society met last night, but the attendance of members was far from nume- rous. The principal, and indeed only topic of discussion was the late earthquake wave, and Mr. Ellery gave some statistics as to the time at which it was felt in the South Seas, at Lyttelton (N.Z.), at Sydney, at Adelaide, and at King George's Sound. This enabled him to give a better notion of the rate at which the said wave must havo travelled, and ho reckoned that it took to reach Lyttelton and Sydney about seventeen hours and a half ; Adelaide, twenty-five hours ; and King George's Sound, half an hour more. Upon the whole, he was convinced that the earthquake wave was due to the convulsions upon the South American coast. The discussions which fol- lowed were of small importance, and the meeting then closed. At ten minutes before two o'clock yestor- day the pen was put through the name of The Barb for the Melbourne Cup. Although the real intentions of " tho demon's" stable wore unknown to the public, thcintimation was not unexpected. lOst. 71b. was a " poser" to any certainty, and the hard state of the training ground was anything but comfortable-going for his poor feet. Now that The Barb is out of the way, Tim Wbifflcr's position is all the firmer in the market, and 4 to 1 is difficult to be got, his gallop yesterday morning giving greater satisfaction than ever to his friends. A ¡rush was made to "get on" The Fly, owing to a fine spin she had with Tho Swell and Gulnare, and her price advanced from 100 to 5 to 200 to 15, at which figure her friends cried content. Mary Anne seemed to please tho cogncscenti by her fine action, as several 600's to 15 wero taken about hor. Littlo Msh and Ragpicker had also a three mile breather in the morning, but the former's position has not improved thereby, as several 100's to 9 were in the market, whilst " Rags" was very firm at 100 to 8, with few offers. There has been a good deal of business dono as to Bylong in these last two days at 100 to 5-8, and £3,000 at least has boen accepted at theso prices. From £1,000 to £2,000 (hedging money from Sydnoy) has been taken about Glencoe at 100 to 8-10. All Mr. Tait's horses only went at half speed in the morning. Strop, Boiardo, and Bishops- bourne also cantered slowly, and there was no demand for any of thom. Neither did Cup- bearer nor Regalia improvoby their morning's performance. Token has the call for the Maiden Plate at 3 to 1, and the books are pretty Ml about Flying Dutchman at about a point more, whilst Koo-wee-Rup has plenty of friends at the same price. Nothing elso is mentioned, unless it be a stray shot about Palmerston at ß to 1. The prices as to tiio jumping horses remain as they were, and little business was done on the Hurdle Raco or Steeplechase, eitherout-and-out or in doubles. A book was opened on the Maiden Plate and Cup at from 100's to 3 to 5, according to pick, and tho favourites for both wero at once selected. There was a large attendance at Messrs. M'Kersie and Rigg's Bazaar yestor- day, owing to the sale of the gate, booths, ice., for the V.R.C. spring meeting. The ' sale realised a sum much abovo that of last year. At the subscription room, in the evening, business was not brisk. 500 to 5 was taken about Now Chum, the same about Booyoolee, 500 to 15 agst Strop, 500 to 15 agst Shenandoah, 1,000 to 10 was offered agst B.A., 1,000 to 20 agst Snip, 500 to 5 agst Boiardo. and the same against Codric. The committee havo fixed Monday next for comparing day. Mr. Coppin's example is spreading. Mr. L. L. Smith now nnnouncos that he holds a power of attorney from " Lord Bulwer Lyt- ton"-Lord Lytton, we presume-to enable him to '' receive the fees" for the perform- ance of hislordship's plays-such as "Money,1 "Richelieu," the "Lady of Lyons," and tlu\ "RightfulHeir." Mr. L.L. Smithappears tobo awfully in earnest in cautioning poor mana- gers of theatres to refrain from producing theso pleasant, but, alas, registered productions. It is time some arrangement was arrived at to save the rights of the authors and end this folly. Mr. Smith's agency has an oxtromoly wide range, since it covors " every placo out of England." It is, perhaps, on a par with a commission such as this that "Lord Edward Bulwer," as he is styled by Mr. Smith, should inform his attorney, Mr. ' L. L. Smith, that his unpublished play "The Rightful Heir," is one of the "most gorgeous and sensational ever written1' (whatever tho meaning of that description may be), and that "all London is on the tip-too of expectation" to see it. Managors, take tho hint, or tho warning-just as you please ; this advertisement is as cheap for the one as the other. Mr. Roberts, of the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, was yesterday served with writs by Messrs, Malleson and England, solicitors, I under instructions from tho Dramatic i Authors' Society, for having produced at his ' house, without the necessary permission, the dramatic works of Tom Taylor, Maddison, Morton, and J. C. Planché. Wo are informed that Mr, Roberts is determined to defend the I actions, and that a considerable sum has been already subscribed as a " defence fund " by gentlemen interested in the trial of the question. Yesterday, the use of the booth-stands and toll-gates of tho Melbourne Racecourse, dur- ing the forthcoming spring meeting, were sold by'Messrs. M'Kersieand Rigg, at thoir horse bazaar, in Bourke-street west. Tho foi lowing prices were obtained:-Permanent stands on the hill-No. |1, Coleman, £54 ; No. 2, Coleman, £56; No. 3, Cohn, £93; No. 4, Mcagher, £50; No. 5, Goyder, £55. Booth-sites on tho hill-No. 1, Moore, £10 ; No. 2, Churchman, £10 ; No. 3, Tipper, £10 ; No. 4, Tipper, £39. Booth-sites on the flat No. 1, Cockbill, £54 ; No. 2, Cockbill, £40 ; No. 3, Goyder, £34 ; No. 4, Cavenagh, £44. Sites only fenced in-No. 1, Hegarty, £25; No. 2 (outside carriago paddock), Carroll, £18. The gates were sold to Stafford for £211. The total amount realised was £803. At tho usual weekly meeting of the com- mittee of the Melbourne Bonevolent Asylum, held yesterday afternoon, tho Hon. Geo. Harker presided, and there were present Professor Wilson, Dr. Fetherston, and Messrs. Tankard, Carson, Dickson, M'Phor son, Marsden, nines, Wild, and Zox. A letter was received from the Oxford-street Church Mutual Improvement Socioty, offer- ing to give an evening entertainment-musi- cal and literary-to the inmates. Tho letter was referred to a sub committee. The superintendent reported that the num- ber of inmates was as follows :-Males, 301 ; females, 140 ; tocal, 501. Vacancies Males, 3 ; females, 3, There had boen one death during the week. Charles Humel, a native of Neufchatel, Switzerland, who had been in the asylum since May, 18G2, died on the 27th inst. at the age oí forty-eight yeais. A report was brought up from the sub-com- mittee recommending certain steps for ob- taining increased contributions for the sup- port of the asylum. The recommendations as amended and adopted, rcad»as follows : That an appeal be addressed to the suburban municipalities asking for an increase in their contributions as ono means of averting the necessity 'for a poor law ; that a letter bo addressed to the clergy and ministers of all denominations, asking them to make an an- nual collection in their churches on behalf of the funds of the asylum ; and that efforts be made for renewing the custom of concerts and lectures in aid of the funds. A proposal to appoint an additional collector was nega- tived. The remaining business consisted entirely of routine matter. Mr. C, E. Jones is busy, and his Western tour appears to be bearing fruit. We see from our advertising columns that he calls for tenders for the erection of a bridge over the river Moyne, at Belfast, In chambers yesterday, In re Randell v. Jones, an application was made to havo tho examination of Mr. Ambroso Kyte (a witness for the defendant) taken before a commission at the witness's private residence. The ground for moving the Court was, that the witness was ill and unable to attend at the trial. The motion was resisted by plaintiff's counsel, but ultimately it was agreed between the parties that the two cases, Randell v. Jones and Rees v. Jones, should both be placed at the bottom of the list. In the Equity Court yesterday, in McGuigan v. Greenwood and Others, Mr. Justice Moles- worth gave judgment, reviewing at length the circumstances of the case, and eventually dismissing the bill. The cause of action arose out of a sort of partnership in a con- tract for carrying out the Coliban water scheme. In the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of tho Supreme Court yestorday, the will of Mar- garet Vans Agnew Bruce, widow of the late J. V. A, Bruce, was proved. It shows an unusual fatality, that since Messrs. Cornish and Bruco entered upon their railway con- tract, only a few years since, both partners and their widows are no more. Mr. Justice Williams and a special jury of twelve wero occupied yesterday in trying an action Neimke v. Graham, in which tho Aus- tralasian Insurance Company are sued for payment of a policy of insurance against uro for £1,000. The pleas are-that the plaintiff set fire to his house wilfully, and that ho effected a policy in another office without informing the defendants. The case was not concluded, and will be íesumed to-day. In theNewCourt-house yesterday the actions of Aarons v. The Board of Land and Works and Bagot v. Keighran wero tried. The first was for the illegal seizure of goods 1 elonging to tho estate of Mr. B. W. Mallum, and a verdict was returned for plaintiíí' for £61. The second was for rent of a paddock at Essendon, in which tho jury awarded £5ö 13s. 4d. to plaintiff. Speedy execution was applied for, but was refused. A couplo of the lost children <-' tho city carnie before tho Bench at the Ci"y Police Court yesterday morning, on the extiaoidi nary charge of highway robbery. One of these precocious infants had reached tho ago of eleven years ; the othor was not ciuito so young, but ho was not more than twelve. They belong to a sot who resort to tho quiet walks about the river banks, and there take opportunity of " sticking-up " any unfortu- nate child that comes in their way, for tho sake of what may bo found in his pocket. In the case before tho Court, they had stopped two boys a trillo younger than them- selves, turned thoir pockets out, and took from ono of them 2s. Having gammoned to throw tho coins into the river, tho two thieves ran off, but one of thom was caught by a boatman, brought back, and made to give up his half of tho booty, which ho had "planted" under a stone. Tho prisoners were both remanded until this day, for ovi denco upon which to convict, prior to con- signing them to a reformatory. Assaults in churches aro not of froquenfc occurrence here, but a caso of the kind was brought under the notice of tho Fitzroy bench yesterday. The affair took place on last Sun- day evening, in tho Wcsleyan Church, Bruns- wick- street, the plaintiff being one of the doorkeepers, named Smalo, and the dofon dont a young man named Pound, who was attending the services at that place of wor- ship. It appeared that a good deal of annoy- ance has lately been experienced by tho con- gregation in consequenco of the running in and out of a number of boys, and instruc- tions wore given last Sunday to keep the doors closed. While the evening service was going on, the defendant wishing to leavo tho church, went to the door for that purpose, but was stopped by the plaintiff, who refused to let him out. Not liking this interference with his liberty, the defendant pushed the doorkeeper on one sido and opened the door himself, and, as resistance was offorcd, ho used somo force to accomplish his purpose. This was the assault complained of. The Bench, acting upon tho principle that pooplo have a right to leavo places of public worship when thoy please, dismissed the case, with costs. A fino of £100, with the alternative of six months' imprisommeut, was yesterday im- posed upon John Beauchamp, late an ope- rator in tho Collins- street establishment of Mr. William^ Davies, photographer. Tho offence which" was visited with this heavy punishment «vas that of havine in his pos- session certain prohibited goods, viz., ob- scene prints and engravings, and othor ob- scene and indecent articles, contrary to the 165th section of the Customs Act of 1857. These "articles" consisted of photographic negatives of an extromoly disgusting character, which wero seizod on the 17th inst. at Mr. Davios's pro- mises, Collins-street west. A landing sur- veyor, named Down, having received infor- mation pointing to the issue of indecent pictures from this placo, mado a descent upon it, accompanied by two detectives. After some pressure, Beauchamp, who was in charge of the premises, confessed that he had nega- tives of the character described in his pos- session, and produced a parcel of them from the roof of tho building, at the same timo telling a lame kind of story about their being left there by a sea captain-although defen- dant had refused to print from them-who was to have called for them in a day or two, and did not. It was proved by a witness named Edgar, who colours " classic subjects" done in photography, that Beauchamp had shown him three prints from tho worst of these negatives, and offered to print a gross of them, at tho rate of 15s. per dozen, or to sell the negatives themselves, if he could get a decent prico for them. This was the caso brought into tho City Police Court, and, upon conclusive evidence, the penalty was in- flicted. Thero are two charges of a similar nature to be heard on Wednesday next, thoy being adjourned from yesterday. The first is against an operator in the Bourke-street pho- tographic gallery, belonging to the samo pro prietor, named Ruddell, who was found in the act of breaking up negatives with a broom ; the other is against Mr. Davies him- self. The " Christmas Trees," furnished by the ladies of tho congregation of St. Mary's, Hotham, will bo disposed of by ticket to-day, at St. Georgc's-hail. The affair was com- menced yesterday, but took tho form of an ordinary bazaar, in consequence of tho re- ceipt of an autocratic letter from the Attorney General prohibiting the sale of articles by ticket. After deliberation, however, the com- mittee have cometo the conclusion that thero is nothing in the law to prevent them carry- ing out their plans, and they have decided to allow the Attorney-General to take what action he pleases. To-day, therefore, the orginal design will bo put into effect, and there will, no doubt, bo a large attendance A considerable number of visitors paid at the doors lost night, tho receipts altogether amounting to £85. We regret to observe that three ladies havo been summoned to appear before tho magis- trates at Saudhurst for having raffled some articles at a bazaar there. The case was heard yesterday, and resulted in a verdict (received with applause) for tho ladies. " The sheriff of Queensland has lately been on a visit to Ballarat, for the purpose of ex- amining the gaol, court-house, police barracks, and other buildings connected with the administration of justice Ho had pre- viously," says the Courier, "been over all simUar buildings in Melbourne and Geelong. Tho object of this inspection is to draw up a report to the Queensland Government relative to the public buildings of Victoria, for adop- tion or otherwise in that colony. While in Bal- larat, " adds our contemporary, ' ' the sheriff ox pressed some astonishment at our criminals not being flogged, and stated that corporal punishment had had a'very salutary effect in Queensland, especially amongst the more har- dened criminals, who held the cat in wholo some dread." Our files from Adelaide by the Coorong are to the 27th inst. Tho commercial news has been sufficiently anticipated by telegram. Nothing of any moment had occurred at the gold-fields, which appeared to bo making very slow progress. A correspondent of the Mount Alexander Mail writes to that journal to say that ho can confirm the statements of tho claimant for the Tichboumo baronetcy-as far as pub- lished-as relato to his exporioncos in Gipps Land. A boy of between fourteen and fifteen years of age only has been committed for trial by the magistrates of Young for a very serious offence committed on a girl of still moro tender years. "The manufactured samples of gold," says the Daylesford Mercury, "which certain Chinamen have succeeded in selling here at a price far beyond tho valuo, prove to be composed of an alloy of scrapings of silver coin, and the more precious metal." Tho same journal states that " tho Union Bank has directed its buyers to refuse all gold offered by Chinese. " We observe, from the Adelaide papers, that the tenders received by the Govornmont for the survey of the Northern territory varied in amount from £21,000 to £100, G25, A Ballarat surveyor (Mr. H. Walker) tendored for tho sum of £26,250, and a Melbourne competitor (Mr, H. L. Lindsay) at £28,000. The sparkling little comedy " Taming a Truant," and "Kind to a Fault," aro an- nounced for production at tbo Duko of Edin- burgh Theatre this evening ; and a new pieco is in preparation for Saturday. The tragedy of "Hamlet" was produced at the Theatre Royal last evening. Mr. Stark's impersonation of tho princely hero-tho usual stagey conventional namlet-was re- ceived with a considerable amount of favour by certain portions of the house, and he was more than onco called beforo the curtain. The leading parts were cast as thoy have re- cently been played at this theatre, with tho exception that Mr. Rayner represented tho ghost, and Mr. Collier was'-Horatio, both of whom acquitted themselves with credit. "Our American Cousin" will be played for the fare- well benefit of Mr. Stark this evening. The new burlesque, "King Arthur," which will be produced at the Theatre Royal on Sa- turday night, is from the pon of Mr. W. M. Akhurst. Ho has hitherto beon so success- ful in his treatment of extravaganza, that wo may fairly expect that this latest work of his will become a favourite with tho public. The subject ho has chosen affords wide scope for scenic effect, and Mr. Hennings has done full justice to tho opportunities afforded him. The plot of tho piece is taken from the old English chronicles of Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table, and Mr. Akhurst has intorwoven many of tho most noticeable scenes from Tennyson's Idylls, Ho opens with the death of Uther Pen- dragon, and the consequent accession of the young foundling Arthur to tho throne. The story of the Wizard Merlin and Vivien is lightly touched upon ; and tho legend of the mythic sword Excalibur is brought promi- nently forward, as is also tho character of Modred. The scones vàth Morlin and Vivien, and the ciaiming of the sword Excalibur, aro perhaps the best things in tho piece. Miss Marion Dunn takes the part of Arthur, Miss Docy Stewart that of Launcelot, Mr. Harwood that of Modred, and Mr. Stewart that of Sir Kay. Tho music comprises some of the latest popular melodies, and some of the songs of Offenbach, including tho colobrated sabre song, and an air out of "La Belle Helene," and the Byronic talent for word twisting which Mr. Akhurst possesses so eminently, has boon exerted to the utter« most. Wo havo received from Mr. E. Rich 10s. Od. for the Melbourne Hospital, and 10s. Gd. for the Benevolent Asylum. The collectors aro requested to coll. Wo notico that the Brighton Horticultural and Poultry Show is to bo held on Saturday. The time at which the free train for exhibits will leavo Melbourne is advertised. A notico in another column informs those of the public who proposo to visit Flemington Racecourse on tho 5th, Cth, and 7th of No- vember, that return tickets will bo issued on tbo Government railway. The collector of the Benevolent Asylum acknowledges the roceipt of the Bum of £13 10s. 3d. from tim Rev. J. Copo, boing part of a collection from the Wesley Church dis- trict. Also, of a donation of an easy chair, which can bo converted into a bod, from Pro- fessor Hearn, through Mr. W. H. Rocko. This is an article which was much required for the institution. The trustees of St. Mary's Church, Caul- field, last week presented the Rev. John Stanley Low, the lately appointed minister of Christ Church, St. Kilda, with a very hand- some and costly drawing-room clock, sub- scribed for by the parishioners of St. Mary s, as a mark of their respect and affection, and in appreciation of his earnest and zealous labours for upwards of four years. An entertainment was given on Wednesday night at the Yarra Bend by a troupe falcon there by Mr. Wright of the Colosseum, whoso efforts to afford an evening's amusement to tho unfortunate inmates were marked with the greatest success. Miss Clara Neville was successful in her sensational songs. The hornpipe and clog dancing of Mr. Massey were, much applauded. A moro pleasant eveninc bas not been spent for many months by the patients of the asylum. The treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital acknowledges the receipt of tho following amounts :-Mr. Niven and employes, £2 14s. Od. ; Mr. A. C. Akhurst, proceeds of read- ings at Northcote, £2 2s. Od. ; tho Rev. E. Cope, a collection in the Wesley Church Dis- trict, £27 Os. 6d. : Mr. S. P. Aronson, for tho lato Melbourne Debating Club, £10 5s. lid. ; the Colonial Bank, £20 ; employés iu tho Railway department, £18 7s. Od. ; employées of the Monster Clothing Company's factory, £1 Cs. lOd. Tho members of the Williamstown Mecha- nics' Instituto held their usual half- yearly meeting on Wednesday evening; Mr. Reid, the president, in the chair. The half-yearly report and balance-sheet were submitted, and adopted,, by which it appeared that tho receipts for the six months ending tho 30th September amounted to £151 10s. 4d., the expenditure for the same period being £143 10s. 5d. Tho report stated that tenders had been accepted for tho erection of a stone front to the present hall, at a cost, in tho first instance, of £000, but which, when thoroughly finished, would amount to £1,200. Messrs. Thompson, Conradi, Clarke, Green, Ball, Haghley, and Doran wore elected to the com- mittee in place of the retiring members. The proceedings closed with the usual vote of thanks to the chairman and past officers. 