Chapter XXXII the light in the chgkchyahd. Such a tempest of rain and equinoctial winds swept the valley on the evening that Valentine made the discovery narrated in the last chapter, that not a villager stirred out of doors. The raindrops heating in sheets against the windows, and the roaring of the fir-trees as they bowed reluctantly before the gale, made np the only music heard in Dew bank Wall that night, for Evelyn did not, as was her wont, take her place at the piano in the drawing-room—word was sent that Mrs. Woodford felt more indisposed than usual, and that her niece would remain upstairs to nurse her. " A nice household I've got," observed her husband, savagely, upon receiving this in telligence; "not only a sick wife, which is worse than none at all, but one that always wants somebody else to look after her, and that somebody the very one that I want. She knows that music is about the only thing I care for—but what of that ? Evelyn must watch her going to sleep, it seems; and I'm to be left with nobody to amuse me—at least, of course, Mr. Slake, I'm very glad of your company; but if you were a servant instead of a tutor, it would be just the same; while, as for Bentinck, he's off to the stable the moment he has had enough to eat and drink. Mrs. Woodford might just as well have presented me with a colt, as with that boy." The main advantage, however, which Mr. Woodford was wont to derive from the har monies of the pianoforte was upon this occasion made up to him by nature; for at his usual time, and in his usual place—the drawing-room sofa—the Black Squire dropped asleep. Glad enough to be thus released from his task of companionship, and left free to grapple with his own pressing thoughts, Valentine seized his waterproof cap and cloak, and stepped out into the roaring night. Under any circumstances, this war worn, travel-tried man paid little attention to weather. If he wished to take the air, the "wet," for which even the hardy among stay-at-home folk entertain such genuine respect, never stood in his way; but to-night the strife of the elements was in unison with his own. contending emotions, and the heavy rain and furious wind beat gratefully against his fevered forehead. It would not have been easy even for a native of the place to have found his way, in that bewildering storm, through the pitch dark ness of the avenue; but Valentine Blake steered himself so well that he reached the open road without the least mishap. It was late enough for all of the good people at Sandalthwaite (who kept much better hours than the Black Squire) to have retired to rest; but at all events there was only a single light to be seen in the direction of the Wrestlers' Arms, and which he rightly con cluded to stream from the spare parlour (there was but one) on the upper floor, at present in the occupation of Mr. Woodford Muiphy, and where he was probably at this moment supplying his only too willing guest, the doctor, with fiery potations. But although there was much that was suggestive and even suspicious to Valentine in the meeting of those two men, his mind was at "present occupied with more important, or at least more personal matters; his promise given to Garibaldi that he would join him whenever the time might come for Italy to draw her sword; his duty to Mr. Woodford, with respect to throwing up so suddenly the charge he had undertaken in Bentinck; and a certain other question, in which his conscience was still more troubled, and in clination and obligation at open war—these considerations occupied him wholly as he strode with rapid though aimless steps through the unheeded storm. Still, his faculties, trained in the school of the forest and the prairie, were fully alive to external things, and he was brought to a halt as abruptly as though he were looking for nothing else by a flash of light from the churchyard. It was not lightning, for although almost as swift and sudden, it did not light up the landscape; but it was far brighter and more quickly quenched than any gleam which could have come from the old sexton's horn lantern. Valentine Blake was by no means a superstitious man—fear in any shape, so far as himself was concerned, was quite un known to him; but a light in Sandalthwaite churchyard upon such a night did seem somewhat eerie and uncanny even to him. He did not waste time, however, in guessing what it might be, but hastened his steps, which were already bent in that direction, towards the spot from which it proceeded. He knew the exact locality, because the light had been flashed down upon him, and the only elevated place in the little cluster of houses which he was approaching was the God's Acre. This was surrounded on two sides by the stream that issued from the lake, and which had now become a furious torrent, rolling the huge boulders over and over in their rocky bed with such a din that no one thereabouts could have been aware of the approach of Valentine as he crossed the high stone bridge, even had he been a horse-soldier at full gallop. Without troubling himself to feel for the gate, which he knew was some where upon his right hand, he vaulted over the low churchyard wall, and then remained motionless, feeling sure that he should pre sently see the light again, since it seemed improbable that the person who carried it should have seen all he needed in a single flash. Nor was he disappointed. Scarcely had he taken up his position, when the dark lantern, for such it was, was once more un shaded, and this time for a sufficient period to let him See the immediate objects upon which it was turned. These were almost close beside him—so close that he was himself within only a few feet of the broad line of light—and consisted of the following:—item, a little open grave, from which the turf had apparently been just removed; item, a duo decimo coffin, the nails whereof, rusty as they were, glinted in the rays of the lantern; and item, Mr. Woodford Murphy leaning on a spade, that afforded a very convenient prop to his trembling limbs. " There, that's the box !" exclaimed the lightholder, invisible, of course, to Valentine, but the husky indistinctness of whose tones announced him for Herbert Warton as surely as the noonday sun were shining full upon him. " You have only to take the lid off, Mr. Fosbrook, and you will find I have not deceived you." " I had rather not," returned the shrinking youth, in his thin and quavering voice. " 1 am not used to this kind of thing." " Damme,. Sir, and neither am I," returned the doctor with irritation. " I am no more a body-snatcher than you are. If the look of the coffin is sufficient for you, well and good ; you may put it back again as soon as you like. But don't stand staring at it as though it would bite you, till half the village is brought j out at it to." j Thus adjured, the unfortunate " Woody" | —ghastly pale and terror-stricken, and yet with a certan greed in his weak eyes that, coupled with his occupation, gave him a strong resemblance to a Ghoul—knelt down upon the sodden earth, and strove to insert a corner of the spade so as to prise up the coffin-lid; hut his trembling hands could effect nothing. " What a Sly-livered young rogue it is!" exclaimed the doctor impatiently, after watching these impotent efforts for nearly a minute. "Here, give me the spade, and do you hold the lantern." And now the light began to assume an appearance truly Will-of-the-wisp like, and one which might easily have been taken by the scientific for an "exhalation," or by the superstitious for a "corpse-candle." In the doctor's fingers its gleam had been far from steady; but in those of the young visitor from the metropolis it wavered this way and that, so that Valentine looked upon his own discovery as certain, albeit he was very un willing that it should take place before he had found out what strange thing the two confe derates might have in view. " Confound you, put it down" roared the doctor (they both had to speak at the top of their voices, although they were scarcely a yard apart). " One would think it was St. Anthony's Fire,, instead of a dark lantern. It is very fortunate that you are not the only fool in the world, or we should have had the sexton down upon us. But he too believes in ghosts, and would scarcely set foot in his own churchyard after nightfall fancy!" —here the doctor paused in his sacrilegious work, and laughed within hi'maRlf, exactly as Valentine had often seen him do when about to tell some humorous anecdote—"when a dog gets in here at night, Mr. Fosbrook, and scratches at a grave; or if a storm, like this, tears away the turf a bit—as it will be seen to have done to-morrow morning—the idea of this good man is that it is a sign that the folks below are in want of company, and that there will be a death in the parish within twelve hours. Now, ain't that odd? " "I wish you would make haste, Sir," exclaimed poor Woody fervently. "The longer we stay here, the greater risk we run." " Pooh, pooh, Mr. Fosbrook. There is no risk so long as you have got your skin full of good liquor. No man ever caught cold when he was drunk; and if you are not drunk, Sir, you ought to be, that's alL Where's the brandy?" "I was not thinking of catching cold, Sir; I was thinking" " Give me the brandy," interrupted the doctor angrily: *' that's worth all the thought in the world. You've been drinking it, young man, as you came along; yes, you have, for I see it's lower. Ah! that's good. 1 have not tasted such stuff as this for a month, for that old curmudgeon at the inn will give me no credit. By Heaven! what a happy week I've got before me! Now, give me the fresh bottle also." " Not till we've done this job," returned Mr. Woodford Murphy, with the courage of despair. "You shall have that and the money too directly you have shown me what you promised. You may trust me implicitly —never fear." "Trust you!" laughed the doctor ferociously (he was getting exceedingly drunk); "why, damme, if you didn't prove as good as your word, Fd just put you in this hole alive, and trample the turf over you, Mr. Fosbrook." He uttered the last word with a mocking drawl, "You reminded me of your mother when you said that, exceedingly. ■She always took great credit to herself for paying her just debts; but you havenot your i mother's pluck, nor (to do him justice, I although he never did it uie) your father's. ' Indeed, Sir, judging from the little I have seen of you, I should say you are hut a sneak. However, we are not going to keep house together, so my not having taken a liking to you does not much matter. How, see, I have come to the last nail. It is a question of ten thousand a year to you whether I have told you the truth or not, and yet all you are going to give me in case I have is a paltry hundred and fifty pounds. I suppose a youth of your description is incapable of feeling the sentiment of shame. I thought so. You're as pale as a sheet; then I must blushforyou. There's the lid off at last; now, you can satisfy your own eyes." The light turned full upon the little coffin showed Mr. Fosbrook kneeling beside it, and examining its contents with eager eyes. "Twobricks and a piece of wood!" exclaimed he triumphantly. "Just so," chuckled the doctor. "Mr. Wilson kindly permitted them to be placed in consecrated ground, although the rites of the church had not been paid to the deceased. It was represented to him that the bereaved mother wished them to be placed near the grave of their "great-uncle, Tyson Harrison— that's the one you're standing upon—and it was altogether a very affecting business." " Let us put it back again, observed Mr. Fosbrook with anxiety. "What a practical youth it is, and how little given to the sentimental emotions!" observed the dootor with a sneer. "You re mind me so strongly of your dear mother, Mr. Woodford Murphy, that I can hardly restrain myself from hitting you over the head with the spade. We must not, my young friend, re-inter these remains with unseemly haste. First, the fresh bottle of brandy (you must take home the empty one, for if they find it here, they will be certain to say it's me that has made this mess); secondly, the notes, which I will count if you please. Yes; they are all right; and indeed, thanks to your hospitality, there seem even to be more than there ought to be; and, thirdly, I have a few words to say to you—the wind has, you see, politely lulled a little—before we part company, as I most sincerely hope we are about to do, for ever. I don't wish you to go away, young man, under the mistaken | impression that you have been made a tool of. Herbert Warfcon. The information you have received from me has only gone to confirm the suspicions already entertained by your intelligent mother. I have betrayed no one, and leastof all myself. 1 see you are smiling, Sir, in a very disagreeable manner; you are puffed up with what you imagine to be a successful stroke of roguery. But listen a moment. If anything I have shown you here turns out to be harmful to me, it is not my memory that will suffer. I shall be dead and gone long before your Uncle Ernest cuts his cable, and it is only after his death that this secret will be of any use to you. What ever folks may say of me, therefore, they will not call me a fool for having taken your money. Whereas—but let us first put back these precious relics, and make all things as smooth and green again as we can—whereas, Mr. Claude Woodford Murphy, when our little adventure of to-night is being discussed, it will be remarked of your share in it that your mother sent her pig to a wrong market when she dispatched you to Sandalthwaite." " How so, doctor?" enquired Woody con temptuously. " Have I not found out what she wanted to know?" "Certainly; as a child finds out how his watch goes by taking out the inside, and rendering it useless to him for the future. Why, can't you see, poor little fool—you that kept your head so clear in order to over reach the doctor, and drank watered sherry while he was taking his brandy neat—don't you see, even now, that you have destroyed the value of this very evidence for which you have paid so much, by being so hasty? It would, indeed, have been a great point to have shown what we have just seen, untouched and untampered with, to half-a dozen impartial spectators, but very little use to do so henceforth. You can't get a "private view" of the inside of a grave, as yonr father gets of the picture exhibitions, without prejudice to its value; for what is certain to be said by your enemies—by those who do not know the simplicity of your disposition, my young friend—is this: That Mr. Claude Woodford Murphy came down to Sandalthwaite under the name of "Fos brook,"and deposited in the coffin of little Miss Bipson, and in the place of her infant bones,- two-bricks and a piece of wood." The doctor's speech, although thick , and indistinct, was distinguished by much malicious vehemence, and the effect of its peroration was greatly enhanced by his shutting in the door of the lantern with his last word, and producing total darkness. Nothing was beard for a few moments save the roaring of the storm; then an agonized cry broke forth from the unfortunate Woody, to the effect that if he fell into the river, the crime of murder would rest upon the doctor's soul. At this, the person appealed to gave I vent to such a guffaw of uproarious mirth j that it answered all the purpose of a guide post, for the astute youth made at once for the point from which it came, and thereby discovered the stile. Here he waited . for | some minutes, breathing hard, but uttering j no word of complaint, though, like the parrot in the story, probably thinking all the more, while his late guest and companion marked his own way homeward by snatches of drunken laughter; then slowly and cautiously he made for the light still gleaming from the Wrestlers' Arms. After which, Valentine also turned his steps towards home, with much unlooked-for food for thought added to that which he had brought out with him. 