they made alterations without (rood cause -In their ? Fundamental Provision9.it might bedifficult to see the end of them. . .. ? .. The DeiN had no desire to press his motion, unlwn it waB the wish of a large majority. He sought to secure the greatest efficiency possible: but the leasons on the other side had a good deal ?Mr. KB. Collet felt obliged to the mover for bringins; forward the motion, and desired to see it thoroughly discuased. He agreed to an extent wi th. tho mover, but thought many of the congre gation j would not be pleased at being compelled to elect for longer than one year. Mr. T. o. Jones considered that the Synod would be improved by the adoption of the motion, and wouM be regarded aa more permanent— Ciirrying more weight, if persons were elected for three jeara they would be more careful to become acquainted with matters which now they did not enquire into. AUior WjBBUBTOtf asked if this resolution would apply to the present Synod, and was answered in the negative, as the resolution would be prospective. ihe itev. Canon Marbyat was opposed to the motion. For 15 years no evil result had arisen, ami the eonjuesations found reason to return year after - ear those who served them well. There was no necessity for the change, although it was true lhat new meraliera heard at these meetings a great deal they would not at first clearly understand, and a th:ee years' course would in a measure overcome that. Many from the country could with difficulty uttend laic year, and could not do it for three. The Dean replied, and asked, and obtained, leave to withdrawn the motion. WORKING EXPENSES. Mr. \YiCK3TEED asked leave to bring in a measure to alter the first Fundamental Provision as follows :— ' That after the word 'Synod' in the last line but two of the firot Fundamental Provision, the fol lowing words be inserted— ' provided such con gregations shall severally contribute to the various funds, in such .manner ai may from time to time be fixed by resolution of Synod.' His Lordship explained that the working ex penses bad absorbed funds intended for Home Mission purposes, and thus would ask the con gregation to jt.ike the burden up themselves pro rata. Leave given to go into Committee the next day. THE MARRIAQS ACT. The Very Rev. the Dean asked the President of Synod ' If the Marriage Act lately passed in this colony is (as the lex loci) to supersede all other marriage laws; and whether it is to be the rule and guide of the clergy of the Church of England in this pro vince in the solemnization of marriage, even if inconsistent with or repugnant to laws civil or ecclesiastical still in existence in the kingdom of 1 5re.it Britain and Ireland.' A law mi^ht be passed in the colony at variance with the uvr of England, and he desired to know whether the clergy would be justified in declining to i..t. There would be inconvenience if every clergyman decided the matter for himself as to time, place, and circumstances. If, for instance, the ailonul law made marriage with a deceased wife a sister legal hi South Australia, were they to define, ami what wo3 to be done as to times and places? These were matters of grave importance. His Lordship replied as follows:— 'That the marriage law of this colony appears only to vary the mode of Bolcmniz.ition of mar riaxes; that by the declaration on which the .Synodal Compact is founded this diocese is iden tified nrith the laws and customs of the Church of Ku),' I iml, which the clei)iyare bound in conscience, ai far as applicable to tins colony, to carry out. 'i hat to determine the limits of such applicability i-i the proper object of a Select Committee of Synod. 'That no law of marriage in this colony, rtpiisuimt in principle to the marriage law of I'-iigland, can validate such repugnant marriage, nor hinder the effect of such illegality in regard to inheritance of property in England.' . ENDOWMENT 8OCIETY. The Very Rev. the Dean aaked 'if the Church of England Endowment Society intend to carry out one of the conditions under which they raued their funds and obtained sub scriptions from the public, viz.— Tliat the income derived therefrom should be appropriated in such manner as Synod might direct.' His Lordship read from the trust deed and regulations clauses bearing on this subject. REPRESENTATION IN SYNOD. The Very Kev. the Dean moved— ' That the 9th of the Regulations, not funda mental, be repealed, and the following substituted — ' That consecrated churches shall be entitled to return each two Synodsmen, save where two or more may be served by the same minister, when they shall only be entitled to send one each.' ' The present rule provided .for each of the city \- 'hurches sending four representatives and the country two. but in many instances a clergyman t.upplie.l two or three congregations, and thus the representation wa3 not fair. He wished to pre .'?ervB a due proportion between the town and country, and between the lay and clerical element W herii a cletpyinan served two small Churches in the country th;i representative was as great as one of tha large city Churches. The country, it was sometimes thought, was swamped by town ; but it ! was li.t ho. It was thought that the town could «ln as they liked with the funds; but this was a miitake, ami the chanse he desired would equalize whilst it stiengthened Synod. Mr. \V. S. Docglas concurred with much, though not all, that the mover advanced. Tlw Kev. Cauon L'OOMBi recollected that when lirst dUcusscil the present plan was adopted to put i »!w city on an equality with the country; but j i.'ircuiustanccs hail greatly altered, and a large ; iiutHiier uf small congregations hail arisen, which '? hail not been contemplated shouM have the same ' represtiiitarion as kuy;e ones. For instance, St. ! i'liilip's, Uelvidere, or Emanuel, Chinkford, with 70 people, tfot the same as St. Paul's, Port, with a coiiKrcgation of 50U. Mr. Iurupp urged that it was more a question of lay and clerical, the respective numbers of each, than -jf town versus country. He desired to maintain a powerful lay element in Synod, for tlieic experience proved that it worked well. If , they diminished the number they would lessen '? Kyni'iathy and conhMenee. The change would ; Mnlie lu laymen oil' the city at once, and about 15 un' the country. The present mode gavj a uooil number to choose the Stain Jinx Committee f torn, and to lusben that would weaken the body; but j his chief objection was the reduction of the lay I dement. The Kev. W. B. Andrews thought those who liad much experience in the country would agree lhat it was desirable to keep up the number of repruscntatives. If a country charge could only ..hou.ie one to send, it would often happen that the mie elticted could not attend, and thus the congre gation would be unrepresented. Mr. \V. A. Hucues quite agreed that Port Ade laide ami Gawier thould have more than two, and that the lay element should bu kept up. The Kev. Cauon Makkyat found difficulty in getting two fur Port Adelaide, ami would rather, for that reason, uot have more. Voting by orders secured the thorough independence of tiie clergy. The llcv. H. J. H. Ibbetson considered the uiiiionin;: of Mr. Thrupp cogent. It was desirable lu maintain the lay element, and the matter uukIi! not to be decided by the present position of i he Churches, but on a broad general principle. I le coukl not agree to disfranchise small Churches, v.liicli sullertil sufficient disabilities already in having only a share of a minister's time and labours. Any change here would tend to produce uiicunifnitable feeling3. Mr. IL B. L'olley regarded their fundamental principle in representation to be that of having tivo laymen to each of the clergy. By their list now they had 65 ot the former to 31 of the latter, and it would be wiie to leave it thus. The liev. Canon Fakr had summed up the result, and found that by carrying Una they would lose 18 laynjen and add two, and he was not dis posed to support that. A discussion as to the status of St. Bartho lomew' p, Norwood, ensued; but it was ruled to be irregular. Air. J. \V. Eull objected to the change in the interests of suburban Churches. His Lordship -Under provision No. 1 Synod would regulate the representation of any congre gation, and could meet each separate case. They desired to eulkt the sympathy of the laity in every part of that extended diocese. The vote by orders u;u the palladium of their liberties, and no neces sity had been shown for the motion. There were about (W Churches which might grow into 120, and the influence of the city would then increase. Such a place as Chinkfoid. with its 70 earnest worshippers, might become an important town. The dean replied that as to voting by orders, he should be sorry to see the laity on one Bide and the clergy on the other. The Standing Committee must be mainly chosen from town, as country members could not attend; and yet the only valid objection was, he thought, that it would reduce the number from whom would be chosen the Com mittee. The motion was put and negatived. grants in an). The motion on this subject was postponed till next day. ENDOWMKNT3. Sir. Wickstked moved, and Mr. W. A. HccHEa seconded— ' That in case any Church does not accept its turn for endowment, it shall be competent for the standing Committee (with the concurrence of the S.P.li.) to endow any Church (previously Kin lowed in less than the maximum amount) which may have given notice to the tiecrearyof Synod of its being prepared to pay up the amount necessary for additional endowment.'' Cairied. The Kev. Canon Mahrtat moved, the Eev. Canon Farr seconded, 'as a rider— ' ur any other Church which is ready to accept an oiler of an endowment; those Churches that have paid the money— not less than £75— into Synod to have the preference.' Uu being put, there were 10 for and against, and the Uisbop gave his coating-vote against the rider. On the motion of Mr. WiCKSTian), it was then resolved ' That in case any Church does not accept its turn for endowment when offered, it shall be com petent for the Standing Committee to reconsidei the case at any time when funds are available before toinu; to ihe next Church on the list.' STANDING COIIUITTEE'S REPORT, 1&58-9. This report was then read:— 'General Church Fund and Home Mission. Tlie fact of the decrease of funds available for th( purple of augmenting ministers' incomes, while the requirements for this purpose were steadily oi the increase, having been forcibly impressed upot the Standing Committee, they lequested! thi Finance Committee to take the whole question oi Church Funds available for this purpose into theii consideration. They now particularly direct youi attention to a special report of the Finance Com unttce appemlei hereto, wherein you will find i BU^Mtiou that the fund hitherto known as thi \- iener.U Church Fund shall for the future be callet tiie Home Mission Fund, and shall be appropriate* solely ;o endowing Churches and assisting clerica incomes, and that an Incidental Expense Func be raided by a levy upon each Church hi the duxese as per scale (vide ) to pay the expense) of Synod. 'It is the cause of extreme regret to this Com raittee that the appeal made by them hi their latil report (see page 190) for increased and general con trihutions by all the Churches, has not been mon ?effectively responded to; in fact the gross amouut collected has Men more than 25 pei cent. 'Xo colltctions have reached the Treasurer'! hands from the following Churches :— Holy Trinity Adelaide*: Chriatchurch, North Adelaide*; bt Luke's, Adelaide; tft. Paul's, Adelaide; St. Ann's, Aliluiga; .3t. Mary's, Kchunga; St. Matthew's Hamiltont; St Philip's, Kchunfiat; Holy Trinity Kivertont: Ernanuei, Chinkfoidt; St. John's Auburnt; Christchurcb, YankalUlar; St. Paul'* Hay Flatt; St. Mary's, Kooringa; St. John's Salisbury* ; Holy1 Trinity, Melrosct * Paid since t Cures vacant for the whole or greater part of tin year. 'The balance left on hand from the final grant of £500 per annum from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel (£153 8s. 4d.) has been entirely absorbed. . ' ,. .'.?,'?-?_.? '-It will be seen by reference to the Bpecial leport of the Finance Committee, that in. consequence of the devastation of red rust, the Church of Jutland Endowment 8ociety has been unable to collect any rents this year, and has had no revenue to -dis- tribute. ... _ , 'Not only has the balance of the Allen ¥und of last year, £142 lls. 4d,, been spent, but also an amount oi JJ10G contributed by the Lord Bishop, in addition to the usual amount of £400. The balance from the S.P.G.. and the balance of savings, and the Bishop's extra grant from the Allen Fund (sources of income which will not be available in the ensuing year), represent more than one- third of the total amount of expenditure on the year's account. 'Mission to the Heathen.— The amount sub scribed to the Mission to the Heathen is slightly in advance of that of last year, and has been in most instances specially devoted by the Church contributing to some particular mission, a course which your Committee recommend to be con tinued. ' Endowment of Churches.— St. Peter'e, Glenelg, has been endowed during the year in the sum of £500: £1S7 10s. having been contributed by the parishioners, an equal amount by the attorneys of the S.P.U., and the balance, £125, by the Synod; half from Home Mission Fund and naif from St. Asaph's Fund This entitles the incumbent to the interest obtained from investment of the money, and. which the attorneys guarantee shall for 10 years amount to 10 per cent. During the vacancy of any Cure the amount is paid to Synod, to be disposed of as the Standing Committee may see fit or synod direct 'Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.— A state ment of accounts for the first two years, ending June 30 last, appended to this report, appears to your Committee to be very satisfactory., Nodeatha have taken place since the last report affecting the fund. One clergyman has died, but he left no widow or child. 'Depot of Books of the S.P.C.BL-The report of the Committee, appointed at the last Synod, to inquire into the working of this depot will be read to you. An abstract ot it has been already printed and circulated. „ , 'The Committee appointed to collect and append to the fundamental provisions and regula tions any resolutions passed in Synod since its formation have not completed the work, but will probably present a report. 'In acccordonce with the resolution of Synod, tbe Standing Committee transmitted petitions to the local Legislature with reference to the pro posed alteration of the marriage laws. The Act passed last session is in a great measure in accordance with the spirit of these resolutions. ' The question of the separate lay representation in Synod of a Church forming only part* of_ a minister's cure has been brought under the special notice of the Standing Committee; but not beinz a matter delegated to them to consider, they could only refer the parties applying to the Synod, and now direct its special atteution to the question. 'The Standing Commiteee have had the pleasure of welcoming back to the Diocese the Lord bishop, who was entertained lit a public breakfast, given in the Church Office, at which there was a largo attendance of members of Synod acd other members of the Church. 'James Fauukll, Chairman.' Report adopted. RED RUST. The Secretary explained that 12 months' bills had been taken for last j ear's rent, as owing to the red rust the rents could not be collected. CLERGt WIDOW AND ORPHAN FOND. Several questions were asked, aud some conver sational discussion ensued as to the state of this fund, the benefits derivable, and the terms upon which the cletgy could enter. SUSPENSION OF STANDING ORDERS. These were again suspended to admit of notice of motion for the following day. FUNDS. We subjoin the amounts of the respective funds: —Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, annual sermon from 29 Churches, £125 11b.; General Church Fund, £115 6a. : Missions to the heathen- General, £12 IBs. 7d.; Melanesian, £60 12s. 7d.; Lacepede Bay, £47 Os. 3d. ; Point Macleay, £6-total, £126 18s. 5d.;, clerical incomes, £742 2s. 8d.; current expenses of Synod, £137 15s. VVe also annex the report of the Lacepede Bay Native Institution :— 'To the Standing Committee of Synod. 'Gentlemen— I have the honour to submit the annual report and balance-sheet of the above mission. 'During the post year the average attendance at the school at Lacepede Bay has been about 12. In the early part of the year there were several more seeking admission, but they could not be accom modated in consequence of the smallness of the building; at present there are very few children, as at this season the parents generally take them away for a short tim ?; ; but the Superintendent in forms me that they are now returning, and that she expects them all back shortly, with the excep tion of two, who have left for the school at Point Macleay, which is nearer to the tribe to which they belonp. 'Miss Evens having intimated her wish to resign the charge of the school, Miss Armstrong, who has been very highly recommended, has been appointed, and will commence her duties on the 13th of the month. 'It will be seen by the balance-sheet that the establishment has been conducted at a very small cost, and much praise is due to Miss Ewens for her economical management. ' Kations have been regularly supplied by the Government, and any reasonable request for supplies, &c; has been readily complied with. Many thanks are due to the Ladies' Working Committee of St. Matthew's. Kensington, for further timely supplies of clothing which have been most acceptable. 'Although the funds received by the Treasurer have been sufficient for the current expenses of the year, it is most desirable that the sum of £100 should be raised to enlarge the premises, which are most inconvenient. 'C. B. Yocxg, Treasurer. 'May 4. 1S6S.' His Lordship having declared the Synod ad journed till Tiiwilay, at '.I o'clock, pronounced the Episcopal benediction. DIOCESAN SYNOD: The tontteenth session of the Synod of the' 7?^f ** ^tode *m commenced on Monday, mb May. In the morning service was held at Trinity Church, conducted br the RUhnn ti.o ucau, ouu vanon marryat, ana at the close 12 o, the clergy and 18 layman partook of the Com munion. The Lobd Bishop then delivered his Pastoral Address:— 'Kev. and Dear Brethren-The subjects which invite attention at this our annual Synod of the Diocese naturally arrange themselves into two classes— those which concern the spirit and essence of religion, and such as relate to the organization or work of the Church as a whole, or in its several parts— national, provincial, diocesan, and congre gational. Here, after the service m which we have engaged, I would confine my remarks to the former class, reserving ecclesiastical matters to our business meeting in another place. 'During the interval which has occurred since I last addressed you in Synod the principal subjects which have occupied the minds of Churchmen in relation to spiritual religion are Neologian Rationalism in science and biblical criticisms; Ritualism, doctrinal and esthetic; and, finally outward manifestation of fellowship in the Gospel which led to the Lambeth Conference of Bishops of the Anglican portion of the Universal Church. ' I find less uneasiness prevailing in regard to the progress of scientific enquiry, whether in geology, ethnology, the languages of the world, or biblical criticism. A closer study of the text of Scripture has in many cases modified or corrected traditionary ideas of sacred history and theological interpretations. Supposed difficulties have been removed, and the conviction strengthened that as the Scriptures which furnish the inspired rale ol spiritual life, and the order of nature proceeded from the same divine wisdom, they cannot really be at variance. Theologians, therefore, as well as men of science, are content to wait for maturer knowledge, based upon accumulated observations, instead of propounding or confuting cosmical theories on insufficient data. On the other hand the exquisite adaptations of organised creatures to the material world around them, as well as the pro gressive genesis and laws of that world, have been so traced out in the earth beneath our feet as well as the heavens above us, that on the plainest evidences of intention and will, which are the attributes of a Personal Being (not a mete plastic force), it is irresistibly concluded that he must be fool indeed who says, even in his heart 'there is no God.' And miracles, as the proper evidences of personal communication from the Author of Nature to his intelligent creatures, come to appear as natural and reason able as the sequence of natural events which they interrupt; for in no other way could the Ruler of the Universe manifest His presence, or declare His will so unmistakably for the instruction or correc tion of mankind. Worship, therefore, that is, prayer and supplication, with thanksgiving,' follow in due order, as the reasonable services of man to his Maker. Theology thus owes its obligations to science, not as discovering truths taught us by the inspired Word of God, but by supplying evidences from the material world in accordance with these teachings. 'If the aspect of scientific enquiry has become less antagonistic to revealed religion, neither has ethnology, nor the study of languages, nor geo graphical exploration, nor antiquarian research in Egypt Asia, or Europe done more than contribute facts confirmatory of the- recent appearance and history of man upon this earth. jl may wen, men, excite tne shame and regret of Churchmen that no legal tribunal has yet been found to try one whom his comprovincial Bishops and the Pan-Anglican Episcopate, as well as Pres byters in their several convocations, have charged with fatal heresy, and with teaching contrary to the formularies of the Church of which he pro fesses to be a Bishop. 'Much as may be urged in favour of the* great pnnoipie laid down by Gamaliel in the Sanhe drim— Now, I say unto you refrain from these men, and let them alone; for if this counsel or work be of men it will come to nought; but if it be pf God ye cannot overthrow it' Yet to what end is the Cinl Magistrate acknowledged by mem bers of the Church of England to have the pre rogative of ruling the State Ecclesiastical as well as .temporal, if a chief pastor consecrated on the nomination of the Crown may with impunity teach doctrines alleged to be contrary to the Uuth of Holy Scripture, and wound the consciences of weaker brethren? Such is the spectacle afforded to the world of a legal but effete supremacy as regards some of the colonial Churches. ' The heresy which asserts, in teeth of 284 direct devotional addresses or ascriptions ol glory in the Book of Common Prayer and Offices to our Lord Jesus Christ 'that the whole spirit and the general practice of our Liturgy manifestly tend to discourage such worship and prayer,' and denies that it is ' based on any scriptural or apos tolical authority,' might surely claim some remedial legislation, if need were, to establish a legal tri bunal for us trial. 'Contrasted, however, with this indifference, we cannot biit remark the outburst of feeling which has shown itself both in and out of Parliament against certain Ritualistic innovations. 'Having watched the progress of this revival of forms apparently obsolete, I have endeavoured to discover the principles on which its advocates rest their case, and L shall now lay before you as suc cinctly at I can the grounds on which, in my humble judgment the Ritualistic clergy have neither law nor Scripture on their side. 'Let me reiifcrk, ip the first place, that there are two principles which underlie this revival of a more ornate ritual. One is the 'sense of beauty,' and ustlevatinjr effect on the human mind; the other a mystic doctrine in relation to the Eucharist I he former appeals to the Hebrew ritual and the splendid garments of the Aaronic priesthood, well suited, no doubt, to a sensuous people and a semi idolairpus age; but with more earnest minds intualism is only valued as it symbolizes and teaches implicitly certain dogmatic views. ' With regard to the former principle, while we all unite in deprecating that which is mean and Blovenly in the structure or service of the sanctuary yet I believe the sober devotional spirit of tho Anglican worshipper is well satisfied with the simple but dignified forms and vestj ents which have uosr been in use from the reigns of Edward VI. and Elizabeth; a more scenic kervice detracts from rather than enhances the worship of the spirit and the understanding. ? 4-1 P88. therefore ^ doctrinal Ritualism, which is really the object at present of legal or legis lative consideration. It is designed, then, to represent the ministering Presbyter in the character of a sacrificing priest; not ottering with his people 'the sacrifice of praise to God, that is the fruit of their lips, giving thanks to His name;' but offering for hem A ,?* ,JVher C!™8 crucified on their behalt (Hebrews xiil 15) It claims for the ministering priest that he represents on earth the Great High Priest in Heaven, who by one sacrifice perfected for ever them that are being sanctified.' That sacrifice He indeed ever presents' before the throne of grace; but the Kitualist not content to 'commemorate,' 'plead ' and appropriate' its 'innumerable benefits/ deems himself to 'present' sjid 'offer' that sacri fice at tbe Lord's altar-table on behalf of hU people, militant upon earth. He intends, indeed, no repetition of the one sacrifice at Calvary, but stillhe claims to 'offer' rather than 'commemo rate Christ s precious death on the cross. He in trudes himself therefore as a necessary mediator betwixt Christ an.J his worshippers at the Lord's taoie. lhat ordinance is no longer solely or chiefly the communion of the body and blood of Christ but becomes a propitiatory oblation on the Lord's altar." "The train of reasoning which leads the Ritualists to this conclusion is based on the literal interpretation of 'this is My body and this is My blood. It is asserted that by necessary concomi tance, where the body is or the blood of Christ there His whole Person, as God and Man, 'never to be divided,' is present also. He is to be adored, therefore, 'under the figures of bread and wine? a j w .ing t™1? 'Present' with his body broken, and blood poured out he is truly 'ottered' along with them. . k ' T ji3 doctriile requires us to believe that in the bread which our Lord brake, and gave to His Apostles, at the last supper, and in the fruit of the Tin* which He bade them drink. He gave HiniBelf. witn Hu own hands, as the whole God-man, to be a sacrifice for, as well as the food of, their soub. J-he Anglican doctrine, as stated in the Homily, -oncermng the sacrament is not so. It is that .here is 'no untrue figure of a thing absent*— that we inward part or thing signified' by the outward 5'hS';n-t* that b *the body mi tb-e blood of Christ are, as the 28th Article expresses it 'given, tafceu, and eaten in the Supper only after a heavenly f£* fPtfitual manner.' [' It is well known,' saith yyprian (the Homily goes on). ? that the meat we seek for in the Supper is spiritual food, a ghostly substance, not carnaL'J.l his is that 'discerning' of the Lord's body of which St Paul speaks; ani as the wise Hooter explains it the Eucharist conveys to the faithful recipient 'all such saving trace as Christ's sacrificed body can yield,' and this is to such and in them His ' body.' 'It has been said, however, by a Kitualist writer, nati this view of the 'sacramental presence oi Christ's body and blood' makes the greatest possible demand on our faith. Be it so. Still, that faith is not tainted with Rationalism, either dogmatic or sceptical It does not 'intrude imto that which it has not seen.' It accepts without questioning the 'severance' which our -ord, in H's own words of institution, seems to make between His adorable self and the separate elements of his human nature, namely, His body and His 'blood. Without questioning, also, it receives the personal union of the divine and human natures in Christ ' indivisibly and without confusion,' when the Only Begotten was conceived -y the power of the Highest. But to take on Him the likeness tf man, who was created in God's image, and to make Himself locally present in 'bread and wine,' is another. The latter assump tion, however, is essential to the idea of 'sacrifice,' and on it the Ritualist takes his stand. For the same purpose, but equally without foundation in fact the table of ' devils,' at which the heathen sat down and feasted in the idol temples of Corinth, is assumed to be the 'altar' at which the sacrifice was offered.. In the Temple at Jerusalem, 'the holy place in the Court of the Tabernacle of the Congregation,' beside the 'altar,' where the meat offering was consumed, cannot be identified with the altar' itself on which the blood of the sacrifice was sprinkled. In like manner the altar or the Cross at Calvary, and on which Christ's blood was shed, and the new tomb in which His body was laid, typically consumed as the whole burnt-offering by fire, were distinct. The Passover lamb, of which none was left until the morning. and its blood sprinkled on the doorposts, cannot be con founded. The table of shewbread is, indeed, called the 'altar' by Ezekiel and Malachi, but in that offering of 'thanksgiving' there was no propitiatory sacrifice, as in sin-offerings of blood; yet this idea is the essence of the Romish sacrifice of the mass, and apparently of Ritualistic 'oblation.' St Paul has abstained from using the word altar when speaking of the Lord's' table and supper. The like reserve by our reformers in the com munion office shows their anxiety to eliminate error, while securing the true grace of the sacrament itself. 'The Ritualists do not indeed speak as the Catechism of Trent speaks of 'immolating the victim Christ, 'offering a true propitiatory sacrifice.' 'making satisfaction to God for sin,' and so meriting all the fruits of the Lord's passion ;' yet by vestments, and lighted tapers, and incense and genuflexion, they imply a doctrine apparently identical in purport with the sacrifice of the mass ; and this it was the first step in the English Refor mation to set aside by changing the canon of the mass into the office of holy communion. 'Apart from these, considerations— that is, its departure from the spirit of the Anglican office, and its rationalistic interpretation of the words of Christ's institution— Ritualism seems practically to obscure the mission and work of the Comforter By the daily ministering the sacrifice of the altar there seems to be made, as under the Mosaic cove- nant, the remembrance of sins, instead of purging the conscience and perfecting for ever them that are being sanctified. There is a bringing back the 'bondage of fear,' and putting into subjection to human mediating priests (com passed about with sin and infirmity) the penitent believer. Accordingly sacramental con fession is enforced as obligatory before receiving holy communion, and the ordeal of the confes sional required instead of the comfort offered to our uneasy consciences by voluntarily opening its grief, and receiving, if desired, the benefit of absolu tion. In such a system, then, there is nothing in spirit like entering boldly into the holiest by the blood of Jesus. Indeed, the idea of absolution seems to swallow up and put out of sight the duty and power of sanctification. We miss, too, the faith like that of the centurion in the superlocal divine energy of Christ to heal and save even from Heaven, His dwelling place. Ritualism requires that He should be materially (so far as a 'spiritual body' is material) aud locally present under each of the elements separately— the bread and the wine of the Eucharist. No transubstantiation of the elements or consubstautiation with Christ is affirmed ; yet, as the figure is in the Ritualistic system linked indissolubly with the 'thing signified,' there is a tendency at least towards worshipping the visible elements as well as the unseen Christ who under them is said to be present. On these grounds we are then, we feel, compelled to refuse this doctrine as grounded on no warrant of Scripture. But while we speak the truth, we would do so in love, and pray the Holy Spirit to lead us and all others into a right judg ment in these matters. He will guide us into all truth, so that while with mutual forbearance we (rive liberty to private opinion upon this gieat mystery, we must firmly insist that the peace of our Church shall not be disturbed by stepping beyond the prudent reserve of our Reformers, who, while maintaining the verity and reality of the spiritual presence of Christ's body and blood in the Sacra ment are silent as to the doctrine of concomi- tancy, and purposely omitted the terms 'altar,' ' victim,' and ' immolation.' To them the Eucha- rist was a holy feast upon the sacrifice offered on the cross, the spiritual food of the soul; it was the sacrament of absolution, the pledge and means of Christian fellowship. These truths are scriptural and incontrovertible. Let us hold them fast and build up ourselves in the faith and love of Christ by more frequent and devouter solemnization of this 'preaching of Christ' and His cross, which He Himself ordained. ' While thus endeavouring, according to the measure of judgment which Christ has given me, to preserve the flock committed to my charge from the Galatian error of seeking to be perfected by the letter, when we have begun in the spirit, I must advert for a moment to a similar formal error in regard to the other sacrament of baptism. It seems almost on outrage on the spiritual teaching of the Redeemer to insist on 'immersion of tha whole body' as essential to the validity of the rite. The chief advocate of this opinion and of a new unauthorized version of the New Testament admits that if in one case only immersion would be inapplicable as the equivalent of 'baptism* the argument for its necessity fails. Such a case occurs in Mark vii. 4. The ' washing' or baptism of cups and pots and brazen vessels may be their 'im mersion.' but neither 'tables,' nor 'beds,' or rather 'sofas,' 'couches,' 'divans' can well be con ceived to have been 'immersed' rather than 'washed' by pourinst on of water. Nor can it be shown that every Jew ' immersed his whole body' whenever he returned from the 'market' Our Saviour (Luke xL 38) certataly did not bo 'im merse' himself, and the Pharisee- his host- was surprised, not at that omission, but that he Eat down to meat with ' unwashen hands.' This, pro bably, was done by him of purpose. ' To eat with unwashen hands, iHe said, 'defileth not a man.' He reproved Pharisaic formality, which was being more particular about outward than inward purity ; for the custom of the Israelites from old time was to wash the hands with water ' poured upon them,' even as Elisha (2 Kings iii. 10) 'poured water on the hands of Elijah.' Moreover, the whole nation of the Israelites was not 'immersed' in the cloud or the sea, which they went through on dry land, and yet were baptised into the Mos nc covenant. The blood of all the sacrifices typical of Christ's atonement was 'sprinkled' on the altar. It seems, therefore, to outdo even Pharisaic for mality to object to pouring or sprinkling of water in baptism as typical of the cleansing work of the Spirit in the heart Again, the Apostles were not 'immersed' when 'baptized with the Holy Ghost and with fire.' A cloven tongue of flame sat on each of the disciples. I notice these things with much disinclination, but am compelled to break silence by the exigencies of the times. ' In like manner, I would not have you ignorant brethren, concerning the Apostolic authority of Episcopal government in the Church of Christ as if there were want of scriptural witness to it. Historically it rests precisely on the same external evidence as the genuineness of the Scriptures themselves. We receive these, in the first instance, on the witness of tbe Apostolic Churches, who were severally the keepers of the Gospels, Epistles, and Apocalypse. All these Churches were un doubtedly under Episcopal government before the death of St. John ; we must therefore either sup pose the Apostles to have allowed on unauthorized transition from Presbyterianisrn to Episcopacy to have grown up unchecked, or that for the perpe tuity and better government of the Church they directed the appointment of such an order in the ministry. Even before the dispersion of the Twelve Apostles from Jerusalem on the great per secution of Herod, the oversight and presidency of the Church at Jerusalem had been committed to James, the brother of our Lord. The voice of all early tradition declares him nut to have been one of the Twelve, but in the true sense of the word a Christian Bishop. Withoutinsistingontheministiy of Archippus of Colosse, or the 'Apostleship' of Epaphras of Philippi. there can be no reasonable doubt that the powers of governing and regulating Churches, as well as ordaining presbyters and deacons and of excommunicating heretics, wa* committed by St. Paul to Timothy and TituB. To say that these powers were merely temporarily given to them is pure conjec ture in the case of Titus, and is evidently refuted by the context in the case of Timothy, for it was because of St. Paul's own approaching martyrdom that he solemnly charges him 'to reprove, rebuke, and exhort with all Tongsutfering and doctrine.' For the time was coming, he said (that is, after his death), when men ' would not endure sound doctrine,' but would ' heap to them selves teachers having itching ears, and should turn away their ears from the tiuth.' That surely was no time to withdraw (except for a season) a chief minister from Ephesus, whom the Apostle himself had placed there, ' to charge some that they should teach no other doctrine' than that they had received from the Apostles. Passing onward to the close of the century we find that each of the Seven Churches of Asia had its 'Angel' to whom St. John js bidden to write a letter concerning the state of his Church. And to remove all doubt as to the human character of these 'Angels,' the manuscripts of best authority make the false prophetess Jezebel to be the wife of him of Thyatira, who is reproved for suffering her false teaching and impure life. 'The le;ter of Clement, written to the Corinthian Church before the death of St John, directly asserts that the Apostles them selves constituted overseers or elders, and foreknowing that there would be contention about this dignity, committed to other (ellogimoi) selected men the power to appoint them.' Such selected men were Timothy and Titus, to whom the ' Apostle' Paul gave the charge of ' ordaining Elders.' Insisting also on the continuity of the Church under the Old and New Covenants, Clement cites the distinct duties of the High Priest-the Priests and Levites as an example to the Corin thian Church, and to reDress their insubordinate spirit in deposing their rresbyters. We have urther the direct assertion of Tertullian, confirmed by Clement of Alexan ria-both writers in the second century after Christ-that in the East 'St. Jphn was the chiet creator of Bishops;' at Rome Clement was appointed by St Peter. Com paring then, the Pastoral Epistles of St Paul with the opening chapters of the Revelation, arid the latter with the letters of Ignatius of Antioch, Bishop of Syria. A.D. 107. we see how in the latter haft of the first century the Episcopal form of church government was accepted by the whole Christian world, and freely spolcen of by leading Christian writers as a matter of Divine institution. Could, we may ask, anything short of Apostolic authority nave thus completed the organisation of the whole Catholic and Apostolic Church? The Bishopric of James was instituted by the Twelve at Jeru salem, that of Titus in Crete, and Timothy at Ephesus by St. Paul, of Clement at Rome, and Uar!£ at Alexandria by St Peter; those of the Seven Churches of Asia by St. John, of whom was Polycarp of Smyrna, and probably afterwards Ignatius at Antioch. It is possible, of course, to shut the eyes to these facts, resting on the best astoric authority, and so ignoring contemporary testimony, to argue on the yet undefined termi nology of the primitive Church in respect to its ministry. But such reasoning is as inconclusive as odeny that Augustus was 'Emperor1 of Eome because Julius Casar and other Generals were saluted 'Imperatores' by their soldiery. _ 'In th&e; days, when every doctrine, usage, and institution is thrown into the crucible of individual opinion. I may be excused for calling your atUn lon to historic authority and the facts to which it beai? w'tne,ss- If we are to 'prove' all things, Jet us a,lso hold fast those things which an experience of 1,800 ye is in the Church has found to be good. I would not have you ignorant, brethren, of the scriptural principles of your Church government anymore than of its dogmatic teaching. If unity and order are- ever to be restored to Christendom at large, it must be by standiug on, or retuminjr a the old paths-holding to the faith and church order once delivered to the saints. Such is undoubtedly the principle and the standard of our Anglican Church. Only let us in faith and charity maintain her principles; and it may yet ba granted to her to be the centre of Christian fellow ship (without claiming dominion over their faithl to all those bodies which have maintained or asserted their independence oi the Roman Pontiff. She may in the Providence of God be made the 'S81?™?^* whereby the Greece- Russian Church shall through the free circulation of the Scriptures and friendly intercourse return to its. primitive simplicity in the Gospel, and build up again the fallen and degraded Churches, of the East If such shall be one result in time to come of the late -ainbeth Conference oi the Anglican Churches, t will he a signal token of the Divine blessing rest ing on that wise and conciliatory gathering; whereby the unity of spirit and fellowship in the Gospel pervading the English, Irish, Scottish, American, Canadian, and Colonial reformed branches of the Catholic and Apostolic Church was placed before the world in a conspicuous light and spfarateturu made towards the vi ible unity of thej Church, such as existed before its Divine organization was linked and trammelled with the civil institutions of the Rpma.n. Empire?' At 3 o'clock the Bishop, clergy, arid Synoda men met at tEe Church Offices, Lejah-iUeet The -ynpd was opened with prayer. The roll laving been made up.it was fcund that thefol Dwine were present5-Holy Trinity. Adelaide— L'e Very Bev. the Dean, Rev. Richardson Reid, i\u aa\ J'^11' Sf r°m*\ Christchnrch, .uke's, Adelaide-Rev. Jas. Pollitt Mr. W. T. ooper Mr c. R. Darton, Mr. R. Hawthorn, Mr Jd ir' 'i «AdeiaidtrB|v. D. J. Hr IbbeSon. Mr. Alfied Spence, Mr. Joseph Pritchard, Mr.W C. Carter, Mr. Henry Pope; St Bartholomew's Ac™rnan! Pt. Matthew'g Kensington- Rev E Jenkins, Major \\\ arburton, Sir. Edward Meredith ? St. Geoige's i. Woodfori?e-Rev. T. It Neville' Rev. V*. B Andrew. Mr. W. W. Blyth- St * ' -AP-9* kouthroail-Kev. A. Honner I- Bur Jicksteed. St Peter's, Glenelg-Mr. J. C. Dunn. HoMbnga-Mr. B. p. Boiwpitji; Bfc JarneiS ? M - ? m Blakiston-Rev. B. T. Craijr, Mr. B. Gray; Christ ^rch'. #ou,nt fi«ker~Mr. P. Si th' ? & f^A^T^ZA toast Mr H. D.autttnitaiiSt.Jc.Wi Mount JSS; STATE OF THK DIOCK3E. sUte^IH^i the M0'm KPOtt °D °» 'Having addressed yon this morning on the fiffii*lvecta *hi?h conoera the iD°eriif8 of ine uiurch, I now invite your attention to the state and progress of the diocese in its parochial or con Kilo,1al-FgMtmion- You are weU aware how heavilv the dispensation of Providence has fallen upon the clerey in the death of four within a very short penod-the Revs. Needham. D. Wmiami ofsSuftS?1 'W mo:e recently ¥*? Simmons of Salisbury. At the same time the health ol the yen. Archdeacon Woodcock has become so ffi1^ ' t0 C01fine I*** to hll bSSSoiE !L»ie a. ^Horary absence in England has been 2fflfa2Lm -half of hU wife- Under these l?9$* 'a w m ,*om? d?Kree unexpected events, it became of prime mportauce to fill those occasional missionary risita which are so eflective and so needed in the outlying rural town *niMd hamIets- T«-\\-*teutof territory ov?r fh^ by Our agricultural population issolme, Sf.n'S&f;* °lresident8 - any given placeVo ?m.?,iik?mparatireIr 'Peal''*, that the parochial ?^?benfCy ?jn9B -«iBa&nA; fails to bVprac ,,^h J^ *eade7 lScome a necessity to keep up the ordinances of re igion; but evenso, unSS many clergy has been how to supply such regular missionary. visits; and the difficulty still S upon me with exceeding weight and seriousiesT . By the 18th Fundamental Provision, the spiritual care of the members of our Church nol residing in any parish is to he provided for by means of ordained missionaries or lay persons BpeciaUy hc- nsed by the Bishop thereto. The Tern- p oyment of missionary clergy or catechists in places not included m parochial incumbencies is here clearly indicated. In order to establish such agency in those vast colonies which now form the United htatcs of America, the Society for the Pro pagation of the Gospel was incorporated, and such was the primary charge upon its funds. In like manner when lhat Society received donations in land and money for the benefit of the members ol our Church iu South Australia, it was for like pur poses aud on the like trusts as formed the object of the original charter. Although something has been done in this respect 1 am hardly satisfied that a due proportion of tho income administered by its attorneys has been devoted to this purpose, or thai the members of the Church beyond the precincts of parchial incumbencies have been sufficiently cared for. The returns laid l«fore Synod of the distribution of the Leigh Fund will place this matter in a clear light; and I call attention o Synod to it because the western coast, J7orke's Peninsula, the country north and west of Port Augusta, the banks of the Murray, the Tatiara ant Penola districts are left without spiritual care; anc as Synod has included this subject in its fundamental provisions, it ii natural for i to enquire how far it has been carried out Since my return from England my time has been principally occupied in visiting ant confirming in the various Churches- in 35 of which I have officiated on the Lord's Day in a less number of weeks. The candidates already presented for confirmation exceed 4W, anc there yet remain several Churches where some are waiting for the rite. It has been gratifying to me to mark the evident seriousness of those who have presented themselves, indicating. I would hope, a blessing vouchsafed to the pains taken by the clergy in their instruction and training. So very larze a proportion of the whole number having voluntarily partaken of Holy Communion after wards, it aflords another ground for hoping that serious impressions in these young persons just entering on the career of fife have been fosterec and matured. 'The reports and statistics which have been laid upon the table, emanating from the Standing Committee and its Sub-Committees, relieve me from the necessity of going over the topics bo ably treated in them. I think when the whole financia position of the diocese, as distinct from the con gregat ons, is fully understood, and the anpropria tion of the geueral funds of the Church once felt to be both wise and equitable, the working expenses of bynod will be provided by voluntary rating among the congregations. At present there is a lurking suspicion in the more distant parts of the diocese that much larger funds are at the disposa of the central authorities than really is the case* and that in the daily distribution the wants of the country congregations are not supplied in fair proportions i do not think such suspicion justified; but care should be taken to obviate any such feeling, which undermines the character am usefulness of this Synod as the representative body of the various Churches. 'During my absence 1 find two Churches have sprung up by the voluntary and unaided efforts o: zealous members of our Church at Aldiuga anc Goplwa; while several others have been fiuishet and furnished in more complete mannerNoar unga, Lyurloch, Mount Garubier, Salisbury. Yan ka ilia. Kadinn, and Auburn, uthers are being enlarged, or are on the eve of being commenced; namely, at W lllunga and Port Augusta. There i^ mdeed-and 1 cannot much blame our people for lt-a great reluctance to incur heavy debts am personal liabilities beyond their ability to dis charge. Our system may be too rigid in this respect for great show or rapid progress; but we have the satisfaction at least of knowing that the 'indebtedness' of the Churches is very sinal indeed-in most cases none at all; consequently, that there is ample roo.ii for increased lilierality. Ihe real retardation, however, of church building and ingathering of worshippers has been the unprecedented Iobs of clergy by death or sickness. I consider myself fortunate, well knowing the demand now made in England for increase! numbers of educated clergy, that I was able to secure the assistance of no less than Bix-the Revs w Mre'iA Bimith* H,' Kea(L A- Houuer, U. b'. Webb, F. S. Poole (who will sloitly be ordained deacon); and lastly, of the Rev. W. Soott, a studen of fet AugustmeV, who has been ordained for this diocese by the Bishop of Oxford, and who is aow on his way hithar. A sum no less than X550 wil have been expended on their passages to this country; and. after all tke delay and difficulty o setting ' the right man in the right place,' the wani seems ever to be enlarging, and the gaps never to be filled up. At this present time Narraooorte and Penola, Salisbury. Strathaibyn, Yankalilla. Wel lington, Maccles-held, Echunaa want cither incum bent or missionary visiting clergy. IV e need also a system of clerical education, whereby serious, minded and talented young men of the colony may be fitted for the sacred minutry. I rejoice to say there waji evident tendency in this direction, and I earnestly ong for the means whereby separated froui all secular callings, they may be able for a time to devote ihemselvei to the study of theology, under regularly appointed teachers, and at the same time make themselves useful as lay readers. It is obvious that ni in some cases their private resources may avaiJ in part to their support during one or two years of studv. still the Church ouyht to make pro, vision for their assistance and encouragement, providing them at least with board, fodging, and teaching for their work's sake. vVe. have a capitular body ; and II always looked forward in the institution of the Chaster to the time when some of its members would give lectures to candidates for Holy Orders in the exposition of Scripture Ecclesiastical History, and the original languages' pf the Old and New Testament. That there will be some competent and willing to engage iu this work I have lute doubt, to the great advantage of our Church and to thur own advance in scriptural and theological learning. Jior do I see annhino in the trust purposes of the property administered appropriation of the income for such theoloeica students catechists. »b«»i 'And here I am reminded lhat while we have had for Borne time an incorporated and paid Chapter, we have no Cathedral Church where they have legal right of entry to perform the services to which they are obliged by the trusts of their input 'Rightly or wrongly I know n- but I have purposely delayed comm.en.c}ug such a work until the parochial and missionary organization vf}h-e,dlc-U *,W to, « considerable extent be»n established. By God's blessing, that has heeu to ecuneexteut effected; not sufficiently, I admit in Us missionary aspect, but still the basis has been laid on which to extend Home Missionary operations. Uur Synod has consolidated itself on the basis of comnact, a.nd punsetses, I believe to a consi erable degree the confldenoe and respect of the general body of Churchmen. Meansniay perhaps, be devised to give it still more extension influence, and usefulness. The Colleriate School has attained the first rank in the educiuSnt establishments of the colonies, and from the results witnessed every day in College boys who have gone to England, I am bold to say that the foundations of a good English, commercial modern language classical, and mathematical education are as well if not better laid in thl* in stitution than in others far more widely known to fame in the mother-country, Tke moderate en dowment of our . Churches! is steadily jioing Chapter as I have said before, W$»fi$!8& and endowed. A Widow »nd C^phanFiSd for the Clergy has been instituted, and is Papering. Tto endowment of the See and See House are sufheient and secure. Should anv nn. foreseen event cut short my tenure of officeTl have provided that the Dean and Chapter ?hallbe vaeante uda, my executor*, as far as Church ma perty and trusts are concerned. The one work therefore which yet remains for me to iaaucurate is a Cathedral. I may not live to ae « itJoompleted I may at least be permitted \o provide, like David the plan and material^ #ven should another enter /ii* £ -Si8P«tablei I think, that the Bishop of tba Diocese should not be tie only clewrv man in it without a legal right to occupy con tinuously one pulpit from which he wnprSdi the Gospel, as k* u bound by hi. consecration. Vet the exclusion oi the late Bishop of Tasmania by the Incumoent of St. David'B, Hobart Town and of the Bishop of Sydney by the Incumbent of at, Andrew a, nay., still more recently, of the whole Pan-Anglican Episcopate (Archbiihop of Canter hury and Hiihop of London included)! from West minster Abbey and St- Paul's, would n»d« ma very unwilang to try before the Ci-ril Court the legal right which custom and ewiesfastical nrin ciples give to the Bishoa ef o^upyS an/and every pulpit of his diocesein turn. Personally I have ever founi.the utmost readiness to receive my .qwsopal ministrations; but slill I have been remindedthat the slightest interference wkh the \trJ mode of conducting tbe lervjce is beyond my province, and trenches upon ffie righu of the Incumbent Presbyter. The time, then* has, 1 without incurring the charge ef interfering prema turely wnh the parochial organiation of the City gf Adelaide; On the 29th of June I shall have filled- how inadequately. God knows-the See of Adelaide for 21 yeais. On the 28th of December, if I live to see tbe close of thin present year, I (ball have been a resident colonist of 21 years' standing, I shall hope, then. D.V., to lay the first (tone of the Cathedral on the latter day, and 1 trust H W«y be with abundant thanksgiving for a plentiful harvest ' After much thought and on many consider^ tions with respect to the meant of supplying the daily and Sabbath servicrs of euch a Luildinp, as well as ihe tendency of the population within tbe ample verge of the city. * site on property belong ing to the Ree at the entrance of North Adelaide, fronting the Park Limd*. and at the corner of J oho-itreefc hu been Nlected. South Adelaide already poisesiea four paw chial churches. A second church will In a year or two be needed for the members of the church In £orth Adelaide, east of O'Oonnell-itreat and Irish Town, Hackney, and other suburban dwelling place*. Easily accessible by the Frome Ford as well as the Morphetntreet Bridge. It ii equi distant from the Post-Offlce, and the northern boundary of North Adelaide itself, within an easy walk of Uoveinment House, it will be readily accessible for any public occasions or festivals con necteu with our Chuich. The front will form a 'oWe visU from King William-street With regard to building funds, a turn of £2.600 contributed originally by private friends on my advancement to tho Bee, then added to by tho Society for Pninoting Christian Knowledge and the late William Allen, has grown by careful manacement to an amount which will exceed 47,000 in the early part of next year. Promised 5fipll!OIU Wl1' Ulse the amount to above A8.000. Is it too much to ask or expect from the diocese an additional sum of £4,000? For such a Bum a stately though simple church might bo built capable of hol.fing l.Ooo persons, if. at least ornamentation be subordinated to size and proportion, and if we ileave enrichment to those who shall como after us. In the days of scepticUm and carelessness, I am persuaded ;!'} ' . l8L Kootl for tho8e who believe In uod and Christ to show and act out their belief ty.wwne outward work for His glory-a work which demands energy, patience, self-donial, perse manse, liberality, determination, and the single motive of seeking nut our own glory, or gratifying merely our ecclesiastical pride, but because we do not like to see the worship of God carried on in mean building* while our own houses are ceiled with cedar and painted in vermilion, abounding also in every luxury which decorative art can ?umst and profuse expenditure can supply. 1 have left myself little tim« to allude to tha legal questions aflectiug this and other colonial dioceses. The critical state of politics iu England may render abortive any attempt upon the part of the Secretary of Stalo for the Uilonies to legislate with reference to thoio matters. Meanwhile, from the recent decision of the Supreme Court of NaUl, affirming the .gal validity of the Letters Patent erecting that diocese, it may be inferred that the non- existenc« ia a representative constitution by Act of Imperial Parliament in this colony in 1847. and the appoint ment of a Nominee Council by the Crown, places the legality of the like exwcUe of the prerogative, as ill Natal, beyond doubt ; in a word, thnt tho same power which nominated the Council did not a?ti'{- r? ri'f? wllBll- umler tlie Act of Supremacy of Mizabeth, it erected a diocese and appointed u Hishop, who was consecrated by the Archbishop of Canterbury, under a mandate from the Crown. Hence also the corporation sole attached to tho occupant of the see would appear to be strictly legal. 8TATI8T1CH. A statement of the accommodation provided In the varioiM chinches of the diocese showed that, allowing five square feet for each person, there were BitutiBB for Wttlfi persons. Tho number of conimuiiicanU showed a slight increase. In the bundttyschooU there had been a slight decrease caused probably by the unsettled state of tlungft resulting from deaths and changes among tho clergy. The sum total of offerings and collection* amounted to jL7,Uti4. 11ALANCK8HBCT8. , The lwlance-Rheets umi stutements of Mvountn in connection with various funds wore Mwrouted aud, on a motion to that etl'ect were tWUu as read ., „ „ VOTB OP THANKS, Mr. N. Biath moved, and thij R»v. J. Polutt seconded, that the Uiunks (if Synod lie ptoienUtl to His LordBlni) the Kiahop foi his pastoral address and report, and that thesn be printed Carried. His Lordship acknowledged the vote, aaurina the Synod he had endeavoured to sneak ulalnlv what he believed to be truth, though oi course open to correction and falliblo liku other men MKLANB8IAN M18HI0N, The Skcritaiiv of Synod («ir. F. Wlcksteed) read the subjoined report of this mission as foK '.Tm.tne,!liRllt,Kev- tne Lor-1 Bishop of Adolukh* The Committee of the Association in AH plf the Me ancsian Mission have to report kp your Lordship that meetings Imvo l-een held ihttkii [tha past year in aid of tho uiimtion at Auburn. JJor^ wood, AliU-ham, Glenulg, Woodvillo, 8t PuulV Port Adelaide, St Paul'*. Adelaide ami at Trinity; and that sermons specially in hshulj of the minion have been preached ut C-w, Ponwortliam, Auburn. Gawlur, Gleneljj. MUchum. Woodville the Co lcgiate bdiool, Port Adelaide, Ht. PnulV Ate m» e, Walkuville. and ChrUtcliurch, North Adelaide, with probably several other places from which contributions have bueu received. 'It will appear from tho bulanco-Blicot, width tn appended, that tho sum collected, including a baUce of i62 lHs. 8d. from lost yew, ¥m bSeii £240 (to 2d Of this £m has been reunited to BuhopPatteson. This is conniiVnubly under ilia sum raised and remitted list year; but while tkey regret that the funds of tha Asuociiitioii have Uttta hus diminished, they think it right |o MpTSS their belief that this is very njutU owlnu to th« great call lor ucul help wlikb, exUted in many placM during he past year, in, part also it is due. to the Rev. Canon Uussell being called from Ui post of Organizing Sicrulury at tho very huaieuk time. They trust that the blowing of God will torn on their valued and beloved fellow-labourer and hia wife (luring their absence from the colony, and that their many (rionds may soon bo able to Welcome .them back again in restored hoaltk They rejoice In the knowledge that much matulal help, which wwuld otlicrwi»u bo given ta, tha Molanesiun Mission, is king given to tha abort Kiucs of this province. ^ ^ * 'Contributions of knives, hatclioU aud u-Ih hooks for barter, dothjug fur the lyvtivo gixlsa»d| for the pupils of the school, jama, syati othel ?hnyS store*, and drug*, Imvo been, revived, and urn gratefully acknowledged; inuinine enpeclally. which was kindly sent Uy ht. Downer, of Port Adelaide, is most useful, !W the ineinUers of the iniHsion are much exposed to attacks of fever mid ugue. n 'The Committee woald bo glad if tho luutr coN lcotojs would forward the names of suUswibfrg to the fund to be printed in tho renjojt, which the Committee hope to furnish uniimvll/. They would also be gl;id to know tho numb* of copies of tho report required by each collector. It would alsa materially help the mmhm work if tlm ctow» would inform the Organizing Secretary, the Hoi T. Field, at what times they would dwire depute. tions to tM their pnmli.es. ( uw o, other J the Untral Committee will always, bo ready to under v&K6; tuts uuty« .i '*?'. wmltttion, they don!ro to express tUjiu. thankfulness to Almighty God for the VieW niofiress of the mission work in the MbIbamIUl Island! for the success which hus attewleil the nuioral of the central school to Norfolk Wand:' mid for the growth of Bpirituul life, among tlid pupils of the school, which has U«u sudi that several have ken baptized dining tJip pant yeur there is no truth in the rumour that kufcju dmrT' WBS ^ *e*ilw.ui''11' hifl i»j2riM* with Trmurw'* 'W'0* '* forwarded how m xi u MG«xH. Faiih, Chairman.*1. Mr. N, MWtt moved, and Mr. N. OlbiIam seconded, tho adoption and printing of kiwi* Carried. T ^ BULKS AND BKUUUTI0N8 Of SYNQft. The report of the Committed nu wad, The Kev. Canon Mauhyaj movod tha motion Carried. 8TAND1NQ COMMITTEE. The subjoined return, showing tho nttuiMnC« during the year was presented :- Xhp KtabT Kev. the UnA BUhop, 0 times; tho VerJXv. $2 Dean, 10; Itev. Canon Marryat, 8; H«v.^hoina* JieM, 7: Kev .George Dove, 7 j Kev. Upon KusaeR nu. t ii *LJ5°TION OF OOHmTTEfc J. he ballot for the Standing OorurnSHw far th« ensuing year was then woceeded wilt iU» fievi Cauou Fabh and W, W. t^au;* dwftmjT no? to be appointed members, Ar«b1K'ffit8fi the way of remilM attendance. The Ifev A Honner and Mr, W. JVfullett were appoint «l'' mutineers, and tha followiuR were cho'en ?-«& Very Kev. the D.mi, Rev. CaSon Mar vat 1 «v ' '' IW. Sev 1\ fleM, Kev. D. J. H. lbttua? «??? )J[ -A. Hushes, H. H. Turton, F. Wldutccd, $? «dhJ?'!{ ] ? $ £?»«* O. « Young. W.™-3SwC W. Mulictt A. Spciice, Dr. Dm^* L, W. ttruifc J. Acraman, and Major Wurhurtonl *'r|w oKuc^aa. The various offices were then filled up thui ; :- Treasurers -Messrs. A, townee «nd H. H:Turton iSSSJft A K8ffeAud'0B-Me-^ HOTIOHa OS MOTION. DAM OP SUtWWft mietiraot meeting foi Uje iKnucllon of bial. sr. aiuj t arsa. Baa* IW tn« celebration of Her MajSty'i birth *Vmn. 80BPKN8IOK OF BTANlJlNa OHWm On the motion of Mr. J. W. Bwul Seconded by, SdeVmli6 Aome W'* tatoBmunUto. to, The Very Kov. tke Dkait aaked leave to brrutin The Djuh stated his reasons for desiring an Induce the la tv to take a greater Intent Tn»tf woceedinw and in Church finStS SSiy S& 2la ^ EroW **? «'», Committee alecUid by tM Synod should be also chosen to three yeari D only for one. and would have. $w blcwd iSused into it at each elect on. At present nenUenien dur?n*cbo«r haa ,§y»*'»«wVrx irax during which thev wqre expected to adeM m£e'y ? (am days, and there wmTfcS who, as the election was for so brief a m*)l mb h&h;,«! T'U011,01? ?*-«- the mod* gt'eoiiducting bwlneis. In England, whew tto itipendiof the clergy were largely drswa bom tithes and other: sources, it was not ro eiuntialiy necessary u here/ where all woj vohintarr. to enlist the active bf' operation of »he kiity. llie Bynod would, likq tho' Parliament, \e trlenniul, aud the taker ml' found to work welL %l * ??* 'i%» Key. Canon Mabbtat seconded. Leave given. '/be Dkak then moved 'That the third of the Fund»v««t«l.BrovUioiii bo repealed and the following sutaUtutcd :- 'SynodBinen shall be elected triennial!;/, and if a vacancy occur another may be elected, for the n£ mainder of the term.' sw» His Lordship thoujht that without any Alimifaa ihe congregations would retuin year after yew lS best men to iepr»ent them, and thow mott RW fliKM 