THE BALLAltAT WEST ELECTION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. Sin,—According to placards posted, I perceive tlie "loyal liberal Welsh" propose holding their meeting next Tuesday eve at the Mechanics' Institute, Sevastopol. Being a Welshman, I am constrained by a few of my countrymen to utter a few truths, in order to remove the misconception a vast number labor under regarding the principles of the constitutionalists. One great evil they imagine is, that they are a body bent oil bringing down wages—at least, they are informed so by the cacklers. Now, nothing of the sort is really in view. Their chief aim is to check reckless legislation, and to uphold nearly the same principles as advocated by Bright, Villiers, and others, who in years gone by distinguished themselves as leaders of the people. I fancy, if thoy reflected but a little, they would see that protective measures in a country where coal and iron are not found in abundance would, in my humble opinion, be unwise, for no one country can be considered independent which must of necessity be dependent on other countries for materials not available for manufacture, &c.;, &c.; The greatest evil they cannot, or will not, see is, that there is a social being, and that social life is only possible in communities, and that communities can only exist securely when tho rights of each are respected. This implies law and government, &c.; 'Tis useless, I think, to go any further on this point; but I shall rest content by making known that I have, some knowledge of Methodism in the old country. What would be said at homo to members of a church who supported men that made use of low language ? I say coarser tongue could never be used when the supplies were refused to the Sladen Ministry. To prove my assertion, peruse Messrs G. P. Smith's and Vale's . addresses, and see if the sentiments are not more bofitting political charlatans than men who aspire and wish to be considered statesmen. They seem to know nothing about true dignity. To use a Welsh adago, " Hysbys y dengys y dyn o bwy radd y bo'i wreiddyn" ('Tis manifest a mail will show from what rank he sprung). In viewing the character of the three candidates, we have one who has been amongst us upwards of fourteen years, and during the whole of that period we have the large- hearted Welshman, E. Iievr'is, Esq., \yith qtlier gentlemen who can bear testimony to his honesty of purpose and consistency of conduct in all tlungs'tliat ennoble manf and which will make his memory ever dear in the eyes of those that try to do good. Mr Vale, again, would become a far more useful legislator if he could govern his temper and mako less use of the pronoun •' I," 4s for the qther, ho rjever garriod a political chart in hk life, but always stood, ready to sail in any sea, quite reckless of reputation or danger. In conclusion, raetliinks if the ghost of the pious and gifted Mr T. Kichards, of Abergwaun, appeared before Mr Hughes, and tho audience dressed as the good old man was -wont to do, what terror would - he strike into their breasts, conscientiously knowing, as they do, that the course they take is not in keeping with the rules of tliLs religious body. May he appear and exclaim rPleidlcisiwch dros Doane) vote for Doane. Honiii" such will be the case , I remain, yours, &c.;, Sevastopol, 27tli July. PrantiTH. -— 