THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH IN NEW SOUTH WALES. THE RACES. The members of Tattersall's Club may be very cordially thanked by the sporting portion of the public for the eminently successful way in which they carried out all their arrangements in connection with the Duke's Day Races, on Saturday last. Everything that could be done to render the meeting pleasant and enjoyable was done and as the weather was as bright and sunny as the most ardent pleasure seeker could desire, the result of so much earnest effort in the direction of amusement could not be failure. The contesting horses, for the most part, were not in the very first rank of Australian cracks and their performances on Saturday may not have presented any very novel or admirable features. But there can be no two opinions as to the thorough enjoyment which Saturday's race meeting afforded to many thousands of our fellow-citizens. There never was a merrier or more agreeable meeting of any kind whatever. The public gave itself up completely and unreservedly to the festivities of the season. Business appeared to be wholly and almost unanimously tabooed. The changes and chances of commercial life, with all its multifarious concerns, its ledgers, and bills, and credits and invoices, and other weapons of the two, survivers forgotten as utterly as though they had never existed. Everybody was jocund and gay; everybody was beaten being very jolly and very loyal and as, in this case, loyalty and jollity were most agreeably mingled, there were no obstacles in the away of hilarity. At the same time it must be noted that the people, though hilarious, kept within the bounds of propriety. There was plenty of fun and a very moderate amount of folly. Even among the serum percussive throngs of brawny labourers and city Arabs, and speculative gentle- men-order and sobriety reigned. There was coin paratively nothing in the shape of a disturbance during the day and though the course was crowded with people of all ranks and degrees (as it has rarely, if ever, been crowded before), there did not occur a single unpleasant incident of sufficient importance to be recorded. "We don't mean to say that no exuberant gentleman took more liquor than was good for him 5 or that policemen were rendered as unnecessary as they would be in Utopia ; or that everybody won money and nobody lost. On the contrary, there seemed to be an extraordinary demand for various refreshments-a constant strain upon the zeal and energy of the gentleman in blue-and numerous transfers of coin from the pockets of the unwary to those of the "knowing ones." But there were no great breaches of decorum. It would be almost impossible to estimate the number of people present or to give anything like a correct idea of the varied and animated scene. Sydney itself must during the afternoon, have been well nigh deserted. The road for some distance on the town side of the course and far upon the Rand- wick hills, was lined with omnibuses and cabs waiting to take home the spectators when the sport was ended, there could not have been less than thirty thousand persons on the ground at one period of the day. The various stands were crowded with visitors, and on each side of the running ground there were dense multitudes backed up by a phalanx of carts, cabs, carriages, and every other known species of vehicle. four-in-hand drags seemed to be popular (Royalty having set the fashion), for there were four or five upon the course. In one case the ambition of the john appeared to exceed his ability, for after a brilliant but erratic career, during which he took the wheel off a cab, and performed sundry other exploits, he tried to drive over a fence by the roadside and came into viously to grief. The driver of the four-in-hand, however, was not singular in his misfortune. The homeward track was be crowded with vehicles, that driving along it was a task of difficulty not unattended with danger. Breakdowns were frequent and collisions incessant, but beyond damages to wheels, shafts, and panels, no injuries were done. The gambling fraternity that most unnecessary evil was in great force. In defiance of the police, the card ! sharpers and thimble riggers carried on their little i swindle with much vigour and profit. They even invaded the sacred precincts of the Grand Stand. Refreshment booths were set up in the usual places and were throughout the day brimful of thirsty humanity. suffers West Snipe" groups of itinerant musicians; and a trio of nigger motorists, who howled and chattered (as according to popular super Station) the enslaved African was accustomed to howl and chatter over his agrarian toils on the banks of the Mississippi. Shortly before 1 o'clock his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh drove into the saddling paddock, managing his four greys with the dexterity of one who had been well practised in handling the ribbons His Royal Highness was dressed in plain clothes, and was accompanied by Earl Belmore, Lord Newry, Lord Bertrand Gordon, the Hon Eliot Yorke, and other gentlemen On making his appearance in the Jockey Club Stand the band struck up the "National Anthem," and the people rAeertd with much heartiness for several moments After this demonstration of loyalty the public had the good taste to refrain from any irksome attention to the Prince, who was suffered to walk about the saddling paddock and amuse himself without having hundreds of curious eyes riveted upon him. He remained until after the last race, and was loudly cheered as he drove away. Lady Belmore and suite arrived soon after the Prince, and was followed by Sir George and Lady Bowen, who were attended by Mr Lempriere Luncheon for his Royal Highness and suite was provided by Mr W J O'Brien, of Tattersall's, and was laid out in a spacious marquee erected within the saddling paddock The bill-of-fare included not only all the delicacies of the season, but many culinary novelties which were peculiarly of a colonial character, as for instance wonga w Wonga pigeons, and various other specimens of native game A haunch of alpaca also formed part of the bill of fare The wines were excellent, and the company, numbering twenty-five, including the Earl and Countess of Belmore, Sir George and Lady Baw cn, and other ladies and gentlemen present by mutation, did ample justice to the fare. Mr O'Brien also, according to his usual custom, provided a sumptuous luncheon for the members of the Jockey Club, and for the public under the Grand Stand, and had moreover transferred to the same place considerable quantities of his most enticing liquids. The splendid band of the 50th Regiment was stationed in rear of the Stand and played a variety of tunes throughout the day. The programme provided by the committee was an exceedingly good one, and we are persuaded that no one person of the twenty or thirty thousand who assembled to see the Prince and witness the sport will take exception to the statement that the racing was excellent. There were seven events upon the card, and in six of these the finish between the first and second horses was very close. There were fifty-three starters for the seven races, giving an average of over seven for each. The first event upon the card was the Handicap Hurdle Race, for which four faced the flag. Another-Bredbo was in the yard, ready for saddling, but at the last moment the jockey (Dowling) engaged to ride her could not be found, and hence Mr. Harnett was re- luctantly compelled to scratch her. Comet carrying top weight, started first favourite at even money ; but great as is the uncertainty of favorites pulling off the " good things" in flat races, the uncertainty of jump- ing races are increased a thousandfold, and Saturday furnished another illustration of the fallacy' of trusting to a fViA'ourite to land the dollars. Comet led from the start, and took the first fence cleverly, but he refuted the second, and again and again baulked at the third leap, and it was not until the race was nearly over that he could be induced to go over it. "Whether the fault was that of the horse or the rider arc cannot say ; but the sight of his baulking so repeatedly was annoying in the ex- treme not only to his gallant owner, but to those who had trusted the horse with money. Meanwhile the Maid took the lead and went off with the lead. She fell at the sixth, fence, but her jockey was speedily on her back again, and making no other mistake ran home an easy winner. Doctor and Gratis both came to grief the latter tAA-iee-and hence lost their chance. Doctor was the cleanest jumper of the four, and but for his misfortune in falling would have made a very close race of it as he showed a great dash of foot. The Maiden Plate, as everybody expected, was won by Italian, although he was very closely pressed by Sir John at the finish. The Moor must have been sent to save his stake as he had not the ghost of a chance with the other pair. The next race was for Tattersall's Club Cup, and had it been run on the fat of the month (in the absence of Prince Alfred) would have been the great race of the meet 1 ing ; now it was second in importance to the race for the Duke e StfcKcs A couple of the Cup horse, howeVer, earned more money than all the fourteen in the Duke is Stakes, inasmuch as the entries have been in more than four months Ute entries closed with eighteen uominatioFB, these, were reduced by scratchings to eleven on the yard and half the original number finally faced the fi is there was only one horse in the rice that did not rise and fill in public estimation as time went on and this one was Jiulgimbar who held the position of first favourite from the time the entries were in up to the evening prior to the race And even then, laid on the course as well, although he was quoted it half a point more than North Aus risen, and consequently was nominally only second favourite, no one cared to la against him, and in point of fact, had no money to lift as the bookmakers were all full Here we may remark on the facility with which the sporting public of Sydney pick out winners True, other horses in the rate stature and Phoebe, Promise and The Pitsford -have been backed for a good deal of money at Amiens prizes, principally long prices ; but nothing so much as the two that the first and second, and during the last few days, and on the course, no horse | was backed for any amount except Bulgunbar and North Australian, and these not only the first and second, but it the finish went right away from every - thing else in the race The finish between them was very fine, and up to the last two or three strides it was doubtful whetherHolme8,upon North Australian, would not lift his horse in first or make a dead heat of it. Premier to the surprise of everybody, ran third, although he was a long way behind North Australian The trot resulted, as everybody expected, in protest, which is not yet decided. The finish between Whisker and Lady Don was pretty close, but according to the rules of trotting both ought to be disqualified, as both horses broke into a canter in one portion of the race. Pluto and Dick were such a long way in the rear of the leading pair that no one thought to watch whether they broke or not. The selling race resulted in a "sell" to the backers of the favourites, as the race was won by a rank outsider, although, to all appearances, every horse was made to do his utmost to win. The Duke of Edin- burgh Stakes attracted the large number of fourteen runners, and produced an excellent contest. Most people looked to Gulnare or Carnation to win them money in this race, while Italian "Whynot, Orlando, and North Australian, had supporters, but no one thought the Cup winner, with hit ten pounds additional to carry, could be in the front at the finish. Singular as it was hoWever Bulgimbar landed the good thing by a length for his owner (who after a long run of ill luck has turned up a winner), and proved either that the handicap was a bad one or that the horse was of a far finer quality than that for which the handicapped gave him credit. A very large number of people, in common (doubtless) with his owner, regret that Bulgimbar is not in the Sydney Cup. Hambledon Hill showed by his running in this race that he is not the duffer that some people have been in the habit of writing him down, and had he been in anything approaching the condition which he exhibited at the last Autumn Meeting he would have landed this stake. The most curious thing in the betting on this race was to see the people backing Italian and utterly neglecting Sir John. In the Maiden Plate, one mile and a half, Sir John carrying seventeen pounds more than Italian ran the black horse to a head. In the Duke's Stakes, one mile and three quarters, Italian's weight was the same as in the Maiden Plate, While Sir John, carried twenty-seven pounds less than he carried in the Maiden Plate ; it was, therefore, all Lombard-street to a China orange that the Baronet would beat the black horse here, and so the event proved. The last event upon the card was the New Year's Gift and all that it is necessary to say about it is, that Hainsworth after being backed to win a mint of money in the Duke's Stakes was struck out of it at ten minutes to midnight of Friday last to be reserved for this race that he started first favourite, with odds on him, and won it in a canter. We have only to add that Mr. Brackenreg succeeded in getting the horses away upon equal terms with each other, in nearly every instance; while Mr. Walford, as Judge, and Mr. Henfrey, as Clerk of the course, left nothing to be desired. We append a more detailed account of the racing. First Race. Handicap Hurdle Race of 3 sovereigns each 60 sovereigns added, half-forfeit; second horse to receive 10 sovereigns from the prize ; twice round and a distance, over eight hurdles four feet high. Mr. J. T. Ryan's b m Mountain Maid, 5 years, 12 st, 3 lbs, (Chiffney)..1 Cordcaux's ch g Doctor, 0 years, 9 st. 5 lbs. (Callagher)... 2 A. Thompson's br h Gratis, aged, 9 st. 10 lbs. Colonel AVsddy's b g Comet, aged, 11 st. Betting : Even on Comet, 3 to 2 against Mountain Maid, 3 to 1 against Gratia. A good start was effected, Comet taking the lead, with Mountain Maid second, Doctor third, and Gratis fourth. All went cleverly over the first hurdle and passed the rocks in the same order, the pace being very slow. Before coming to the second hurdle Gratis went up into third place, and then into second, Comet baulking at the leap, Doctor falling over it, and Mountain Maid getting clear over and a long lead ; Gratis, who also took the jump in good style after a refusal, being second. Mountain Maid kept on at a hand gallop, taking all her jumps beautifully, and Doctor, having got over the second hurdle, came up and went over the third cleverly, Comet baulking again, just as Mountain Maid AvaB flying over the fourth hurdle. Doctor got up into second place as Gratis refused the third hurdle, and fell to the rear. In taking her sixth leap Mountain Maid struck her foot against the top bar and fell heavily. She was soon up again, however, apparently none the worse for her spill, and cleared the rest of the barriers with ease, winning by a long distance. Doctor, who saving his mishap at the second hurdle took all his leaps in splendid style was second. Comet and Gratis baulked at nearly every jump, and the former fell once, severely bruising his jockey. 2 Time, 6 minutes 55 seconds. Second Race.- Tattersalls Club Maiden Stakes of 6 sovereigns each, 2 sovereigns forfeit, with 150 sovereigns added, for all maiden horses at the time of entrance (including winners of two-year-old stakes). Penalties for winning thereafter once, 5 lb. ; twice or more, 7 lb. extra. Second horse to receive 20 sovereigns from the prize, and the third horse to save his stake. 12 mile. Mr. It. Dight's blk c Italian, 3 years (5 lb. extra) 8 st. (J. Woods) . ... 1 Cbaiifc ns br c Sir John, 4 years (5 lb extra) 9 st. 3 lb. (Bowes) ... ;.. .... ... 2 J De Clouett's blk g The Moor, 4 years 8 st. 11 IB. (T. Toy) 3 Betting : 2 to 1, and 5 to 2, on Italian. Three horses only out of a card of six made their appearance at the starting- post. At the fall of the flag the horses went away together, Italian having a slight lead, with Sir John second, and the Moor third. In this order, but Straying out a little, they passed the Stand, and at the Rocks closed again, Sir John increasing the pace and going to the front. At the back of the course, the Moor fell off, and left the other two to finish by themselves. Italian got up alongside the brown horse, and raced neck and neck with him up to the Derby Corner, where Sir John fell back a little. Entering the rails, Italian was leading, hard held, by about a length. Sir John made an effort and came up neck and neck, but was forced to retire, Italian winning by about a head. The Moor was nowhere. Time : 2 minutes 53 seconds. Third Race Tattersall's Club Club, value 20 sovereigns, with 250 sovereigns in specie added to a handicap sweepstakes of 15 sovereigns each ; 5 sovereigns forfeit 2 for all horses. 2 miles. Second horse 40 sovereigns, third horse 10 sovereigns from the prize. The winner of any handicap after the declara- tion of weights to carry 3 lb. ; two or more 5 lb. extra. Mr. A. Bowman's b h Bulgimbar, 5 years, 8 st. (Thompson)... 1 li. Pring's b c North Australian, 4 years, 7 at 12 lbs. (Holmes) .... .... ... ," 2 W. Ruddle's ch g Premier, aged, 9 st, 2 lbs. (Ruddle) 3 A Loder's br h The Pitsford, 5 years, 8 st. 6 lbs. 12\. Lee's ch f cheese, 4 years, 5 lb. extra, 7 st. 11 lbs. AY. Baldwin's b m Beatrice, 5 years (3 lb. extra), 7 st, 12 lbs. M. Gibbon's b h Hambledon Hill, 4 years, 7 st. 12 lbs. J. Chaafe ns br clSmcrald, 4 years, 7 st. 2 lbs. AA'roncli ns br h Promise, 4 years, 7 st. Betting : "2 to 1 against North Australian, 6 to 2 against Bulgimbar, 4 to 1 against Beatrice, 5 to 1 against The Pitsford, 6 to 1 against Phoebe, 10 to 1 each against Premier, Hambledon Hill and Promise, 20 to 1 against Emerald. After a couple of attempts the horses were started on pretty equal terms, Premier getting the lead, with Emerald second, North Australian third, Hambleton, Hill fourth, and Pitsford last of all. This order was maintained past the Trainers' Stand, where Emerald went to the front and came up the straight with a long lead, Premier being second, and North Australian third, Mitford was still in the background, but seemed to be closing up. Passing the stand the three first horses kept the order stated above, Promise being fourth, Beatrice fifth, the Hill sixth, Bulgimbar seventh, Pitsford eighth, and Phoebe last of all. Along the back the same order was maintained, except that North Australian displaced the Premier and took second place. Then the three leading horses got together in a ruck, Emerald falling into third place and the Queensland horse showing the way. Bulgimbar then went up, and, at the Denison turn, took third place, Emerald dropping to the rear. Coming up the straight Bulgimbar led, with North Australian close up, by flogging him. Bulgimbar Won by a neck, North Australian second, and Premier a bad third. Time 3 minutes 30 seconds. Fourth Race.-The"Trotting stakes of 75 sovereigns, added to a sweepstakes of 5 sovereigns each, for all horses in harness, half forfeit. Second horse to receive 15 sovereigns from the prize. Twice round and a distance. Mr. A, Hart's br g Whisker, aged (DriBOoll) ... ." 1 J. Malency's gr m Lady Don, aged (Henry) .... 2 AW U. Hall's br g Dick, aged J. Patrick's as, big Pluto (late Foot), aged. Betting : even on Whisker, and even on Lady Don, the latter having the call; 3 to 1 against each of the other two. The horses were started well. Whisker getting a slight lead, and Lady Don second place. Dick third, and Pluto last. Just after passing the stand, Lady Don went to the front, and Dick broke into a canter. At the back Whisker went up very close to the grey, but broke and fell back, Dick trotting well in third place. At the Derby Corner Whisker went up again and succeeded in collaring the mares but broke again, He kept on, however, and on entering the rails was about two lengths behind her ladyship. Passing the stand Whisker got up nearly level with the mare, but fell back against the rocks, Dick and Plato being a long way behind. At the back of the course Whisker stretched out, got alongside the lady, and at last took the lead. At the Derby Corner Lady Don tried to come up, but could not succeed, and Whisker won easily by about a length. Time : 7 minutes 52 seconds. Fifth Race Selling Stakes of 50 sovereigns, added to a sweepstake of 1 sovereign each, for all horses ; weight for age ; second horse to receive 10 sovereigns from the prize ; 1 mile. The winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race for £50 ; if entered for £40 allowed 10 lb. ; if for £80 allowed 3' lb. ; if for £20, 28 lb. Any surplus to go to the fund. Mr. W. C. Freeman's b m Casino, 5 years, £20, 7d lb (Moore) I A Bowman's gr m Maritana, 5 years, £20,7 st lib (L, (Martineer)... .... .... ... 2 E. Lee's ch g Hamlet, aged, £20, 7 st 3 lb (Lewis) 3 Archer's b g Unknown, aged, £20, 7 st 3 lb I Bllljmd'e b g Dispatch, aged, £30, 7 st 12 lb Fieldhouse's br g George 1st, aged, £20, 7 st 3 lb Clancy's b g Jack, 4 years, £20, 6 st 9 lb De Clouett's to g Pasha, aged, £20, 7st 3 lb T. Stewart's blk m Black Bess, 5 years, £20, 7 st 4 lb. T. I\ ory 's A and Day roll, 5 years, £20, 7 st 4 lb J. Bowler's b of Ada, 3 years, £30,0 st 2 lb. Betting : 2 to 1 against Wild Dayrell, 3 to 1 against Maritana, 4 to 1 against Hamlet, from 5 to 1 to 10 to 1 against any other; the winner not mentioned. A good start was effected Maritana going away with the lead, Hamlet second, and Pacha third. At the back the horses strung out, Maritana increasing her lead. At the Derby corner Hamlet went up and on entering the rails was alongside of the grey mare whose jockey began to flog. Casino then came up with a rush and won by about a length, Maritana second and Hamlet third. Time : 1 minute 48 seconds. Sixth Race. Duke of Edinburgh Stakes (Handi- cap of 5 sovereigns each, 2 sovereigns forfeit, with 250 sovereigns added; second horse to receive 25 sovereigns from the stake. The winner of any handicap after declaration of weights to carry 3 lb. ; of two or more 5 lb. extra. The winner of Tattersall's Cup to carry 7 lbs. additional to other penalties ; If mile. Mr, A. Bowman's b h Bulgimbar 6 years (in. 10 lbs - additional) 9 st. 5lbs. (Thompson) .... '.., 1 M. Gibbons's b c Hambledon Hill,! years, 7 st 3 lbs (Corry) . j... 2 J. Chuafc ns br h Sir John, 4 years, 7st 4 lbs (Finn) 3 W. G. Orbell's gr g Why not, 3 years, 7st (Bennett) ... i S. Lee's ch m Gulnare, 8 st 7 lbs ! B. Richards's b b Richter, aged 8st 6 lbs W. Ruddle's b g Duke of Athol, aged, 8 st 4 lbs Hon. R. Pring's b o North Australian, 4 years 8 stabs . Mr. H. Davis's blk c Italian, 3 years, 8 st I J. Jones b g Archer, aged, 7 st 12 lbs Edwards ns b Promise, years 7 st 4 lbs I J. De Clouett's blk g The Moor, 3 years, 7 st 2 lbs ' AV, Town's bro- Orlando, 4 years, 9 st 4 lbs Dr. Bowker's b f Carnation, 3 years, 6 st 2 lbs. Betting : 5 to 2 against Gulnare, 3 to 1 against Carnation, 5 to 1 against Italian, 6 to 1 each against Why-not and Orlando, 7 to 1 against North Australian, 8 to 1 against Bulgimbar, 10 to 1 against any other. At the fall of the flag, the horses started on their journey on fair terms, Italian getting the best place and Bulgimbar the worst. Passing the stand, Sir John was leading, with Italian second, Orlando third, and Carnation fourth. At the Rocks Italian went to the front again, and Why-not got into fifth place. At the back of the course Sir John again took the lead, Italian going second, and Why-not getting third best position. At the Denison Turn they were all in a lump, but Why-not soon showed in front, with Sir John second and Bulgimbar going up. Entering the rails, Bulgimbar and Hambleton Hill come out of the ruck, and in a few minutes were neck and neck in front of everything. Bulgimbar, however, shook off the Hill, and ran home an easy winner by a length, Sir John third, and Why-not fourth. Time : 3 minutes 16 seconds. Seventh Race The New Year's Gift of 75 sovereigns, added to a handicap sweepstake of 6 sovereigns each ; half-forfeit, for all horses ; 15 mile ; second horse to receive 15 sovereigns from the prize. Mr. J. Atkins's ch h Rainsworth, 6 years, 9st 3 lb (Martineer) 1 A. F. M.mton'o b g Albany, 4 years, 6 st 9 lb (L. Martineer) .... .... ... i", 2 A. Cornwall's blk c Blondin, 4 years, 7 st 5 lb (Moore) '... 3 J. Tait's b g Archer, aged, 7 st 12 lb AA'. Town's br c Orlando, 3 years, 6 st 7 lb AV. Cosgrove's gr m Lady Benson, 6 years, 5 st 12 lb. Betting : Even and 5 to 4 on Hainsworth ; 4 to 4 against Blondin, 5 to 1 against Orlando, 6 to 1 against Albany. Lady Benson took the lead from the jump, and was followed by Archer, Albany, and Hainsworth who were pretty close together. Along the far side of the course Lady Benson kept the lead, until on approach- ing the Trainer's Stand, Archer went to the front, and all the horses closed up together. Albany then went to the fore, but on entering the rails had to give place to Hainsworth who got a good lead. The whip was used pretty vigorously upon Albany's flanks but to no purpose, Hainsworth winning easily. Albany second, and Blondin third. Time : 2 minutes 18 seconds. This concluded the races on the card, and in a very short time the course was deserted. The settling will take place at Tattersalls to-morrow, at 8 p.m. 