CONSECRATION OF ST. ANDREW'S. OCATHE DBEAL, SYDNEY. The following iafromaSydneyoornalof Dec. 1: Yesterday morning in the presence of a very great concoourse of persons, the Anglican sCathedral of St. Andrew, in this city, was coneec?eted according to the rites and ceremoniles of the Chureh of England b the Metropolitan Bishop (the Bight eev. Dr. lederak Barker) who was aessisted by the Suikagan Pelatee the Bishops of Adelaide, Melbourne, Neweroetle, Bri bane, Golburn, and Tasmania-together with the Dean of Sydney, Canons Vidal, Stack, King, and O'Reilly, and a large body of elargymen. This Bne building has, thereo;'after the laps ofmanytediona years; at lenath beeniopened for t?be performance of Divine serooce, in conformity with the use of the -hurcb of England. At half-past 10 o'cloek the Metropolitan and his six Sufragan Bishops began to assemble inthe tempora? y building on the north side of the cathedral, bwhera they werejoined bj abot sventy lergymen. Tena the prelateas (in their episcopal habite) with their clergy (veated in hoods, etolea, anld eRpli_)-? walked in procession aroes the encloeure on thoey north of the churchb to the great western entrance, where they were met, at about five minutes to 11 o'clock, by the Very Rev.. Dean Cowpee, with other members of the Ohapter of the Cathedral. There the Dean, on behalf of the Ohapter, presented to the Metropolitan the formal petition for the conee oration of the Cathedral Church of St.. Adrew,and the document was read aloud by Mr. Basker, the Registrar of the diocese. TlirMeRopaitaBishop intimated that it was his intention toanmply wiftha prayer of the petition, whereapoo the Dean and Chapter having joined in the procession, the Metro. politan (followed by the other bohops and clergy in' attendance), proceeded up the middle aisle tothe altar, alterntely repeating the 24th Psealm (Donie eat terra.) Thebishops havingaken theasaeoswithin the Communion rails, the sentence of coneemtion was read by the Chancellor and ained by the e]tro*. politan. The document was handed to the egistrar to be registered, which being done, it was aret~w d: by that oficer to the bishop, and by him aid' : upon the Oommunion Table. Then the trab*.. .olitan, standing on the north sidb of the Rod'e ahle,tnrned to the eongregatiouandsaidi-'D beloved in the Lord, foremoeh as devout asqdholy men, as well under the law as nuder the. pel, moved either by the secret insprationof the Ghost, or by the express command of Godior by te own reason and sense of order and doeaseuy, iave ereeted houses for the public worsiip of God, and'. separated them fam all orofane and common nasa which godly practieo hath a manifest tendno 'to 11.: i men's minds with a becoming reverenoe to the 1tlma' Majesty, and to affect their hearts rith dhbtion and *"' humility in the service of God, let us humbly 4ape that our Heavenly Father will fsavorablynr oleur present purpose of setting apart'this pihne ni'demi<l manner for the performance of the arerlSeal M f religious worship; and letus falthfilly and devoifl~a beg.is blessing on this oar'undetaing." The? i followed the Lord's Prayer, in which the helolecon* gregation (consistingof between thr eeid four tho and n rsons) joined and ext wa sid the 'praer "O, Eternal Ood ;"aftu which t Metrdjoplitan repeated the sir collects having epeoalrsafernc tohe future minintrations of the Ohmreh in- that building, imploring Divino~blehsing upon the' ame...' . - The morning servion then oommened, the pesper Psalms beingthe 84th, the 1~2nd, and 'the 82an"' The First Lesson was taken from the 4thl ohapter : the Firt Book of Rings, from the 22nd to the 6i2S -1 erse. This lesson wm. mad by the :Very e. thaI Dean of ydney6. -TheSeodond1sietsn(tkeniomatb *h fourth eapter of the Gospel of St. Luke, feoththei 14th to she s1st veue) was read hy thb Bere. ODtn: Stack. er e, and in thetea steeaeit ,sirlt, .' cnilect teeI was that of St. Andmw*'s Day, wiith a special payer for the occasion: . i: ,. , I:d;_..' In tha ante-ommuuioneersioe the bpenlulgpii ?Y *.'. -ere re e by Dr. Short the BishopfAdelaldtu. aSip'1. Thomas, the Bishop of Ooulbsrn, ead the mepfis'e the Gosle being read by Dr. Pen,, the hmop ci Ielboume. In this ermnoeuntheOrderfofor Morn. ingPraj?, there were severa:llpedalmyan y orthei 1 occaainons one after the sllet'for 6<t, one aft e the Pre for th a lit. 'mhhe fitsantiem (in the Morninmg P wystBis thibtit, eecond,ind foarth verses of the 84th ,Palm, l?nM filecta-(Bichardson.) Thle flt lymnn wMs, huirt is mad' the: ere Fonndatlon"-(8t.'Wy lrt" r and thesecond, that before the ?ermn, was hnlwe 'nown mn beginningwith thesewodjel all uso'er he tumult," &o.-;(B-tti). az imi oa e oIn the lrth of the seroice there mw o olnotar. 'he press and reapones weren TalltU', ndUte tnfW m ^ « by-ie:,W;PBsaye.. anlD.TPnh·hl. .The -eumi, Grengornan .?th' toneooeand •mi and seath tone, f ending. The t 'V ante- Ooimunion ericere tar, I n- d the 6hat for the ibene u ?Oceod.byfolnp-.ie Beatent atthe Offertir iter7'btgbine)hinfr red byir. Tafboell, tie Bishop oBriibrit'ehd'Uide Prayer r the Ohureh Miisht nuaaldaby Ir.' Bromb the Bishop of'bsinania. The Mft? i i "t n then bp ed the sermon. Ta tv ite "Follome, and I will makeyofn l?i ofmen." The senonuoonoluded in the follUowg w snds:-. " Theerpense of maintaining the eathdtirawt blie ..pwarot £1000 a year. For the greaterprt of this ampat we rely upon the offertory saon. The seat inhe cathedral are free, and atpreitthe h dowmer s small. I trust that yonur ntil oni the prent oocasion will be large and xiOi t. those nn whom the wspo.hbillty ofln t n ea will beumoved by th6lerntI iteith'whilih-onall oceasia the wohppe er of their ebetence to God. duly maiintfaed and properlj mmagedif doubtDttthat this cathedrali will be to mny ht the aptle whose name it bear was to h? bro'thlr Simor Anldrew Bratfoauna his own breptsei'nd broud him to Jesns. It srelyt the proper end f the istry to bear witness for Chrtl t For a like purpo this cathedral is built. Thi house f oai to hethe gate of heaven.'" ' ' .. TLentire service was of a Cathedral ohusmte, thi momng praTerabeing rery ably chanted lIn mono. toney the Rer. J. Oorlette, the preentr. Tahe ,'. soons and the Psalms were chanted bry tbe ty.si lay opke and clorimter. His Excellency the Gorrn and ady Belmore were present. T; appearanoe of the interior during the eorrv es, waisry triking, the thouuande of worshippers ntd oceonal bursts of musia having a most impre effei Mr. Montag Younger presided at the olgan; andid fall justice to the remarkable power of that instment. The chanting was excellent indeedth ent servioe appeared to give very great satisfatin to present. 