MONDAY, MAHDI! 0, 1888. THE vÎBÎt of tho Dake ef EDINBURGH to the Hunter River district, whero ho received a welcome which for enthusiastic loyalty and successful management has not been surpassed in any part of the colonies, naturally draws attention tothe.stato and ' progress of that important distriot. This ena has been furtherod by the good sense of tho rooeptiop committees of the various localities, "in presenting to the view of their royal visitor, not moro gewgaws, but substantial illustra- tions, of the resouroes of the distriot-tho coal trophy at Nowcastlo, the piles of wool and hay at Morpeth, and the agricultural produoo and livo stock at Maitland. Tho people of tho Hunter havo another claim on tho recognition of - thoir fellow colonists. The rive muhioipal counqils of Newcastle"} iEast Maitland, West Maitland, Morpeth, and Singleton, and the warden and cotinoil of Maitland-having doubtless learnt something from comments on municipal pro- ceedings in oonnootion with the royal visits elsewhere, .and prudently consulting the oonvenionoe of tho Prinoo-agreed to have one common address, to be presented to him, athis first landing in Newoastle, on behalf of the inhabitants of the Hunter distriot gene- rally. Tho pageant in whioh they have united has afforded a pleasing demonstration of how much may be acosmplished by the harmonious cooperation of neighbours 1 who havo been muoh embarrassed " in their ' efforts - for , - tho advancement of tho distriot by the growth'' of' looal prejudices. And it may ha hoped that a permanent improvement will henceforth be apparent in the mutual relations of those w.bo,. occupyiug adjoining municipalities'/must have" important interests in common. A very happy illustration of tho good inflaoiceof loyalty will be afforded, if East and West Maitland and tho other three towns, which have spontaneously unitod in tho demonstra- tion to honour the Duke of EDINBURGH, oarry into all matters of common interest the unanimity which they have displayed in this A more favourable time for a display of tho capabilities of tho distriot could not have been ohoson. All along tho valley of the Hunter tho luxuriance of the herbage testified to the Sroduotiveness of the soil. A stranger coull ardly discern any signs of tho aotual straits to whioh many of the people havo boen reduocd by successive floods and drought. Though business was suspended for tho two days Bpcnt by tho Prince on tho Hunter, tho fruitB of business wore piled up around ; and it éras manifost that tho bulk of tho holiday makers were people used to business. Thoso who have been in the habit of visiting tho Hunter River distriot at intervals of a fow years aro perhaps best - ablo to appreciate tho steady progress of improvement, and also to mark in what respects tho work of im- provement is at a stand. The statistical re* turns of the colony show how the chief produats of this d striot have inoreafied. Io 1857 tho total quantity of coals obtained in the whola colony was 210,484 tons. Nino years afterwards, in 1866, tho mines in. the neighbourhood of Newoastle and Maitland yielded 688,401 tons; and from Hartley, Patriok's Plains, and Wollongong mineB, 00,770 more wcro obtained. During tho twelve months^ ending 31st Marob, 1867, there ' were 'in the counties bordering on tho Hunter Ri vor-Northumberland, Durham, Gloucester, Hunter, and Brisbane 2286 holders of land exceeding ODO aore. Tho extent of land under cultivation in thoso fivo oounties during that period was 40,818 acres freehold, and 40 881 aores leasehold j total, 81,100 acres. Tbe .produoo of this land oomprised 161,127 bushels of wheat, 743,136 bushels of inaizo, besid< s a largo amount of hay and'considerable quantities of barloy, oats, rye, millet, potatoes, and tobacco. Of wine these counties produced 90,017 gallons, and of brandy 2875 gallons in the year, and largo quantities of grapes for tablo 'use. Looking to the returns of livo stock, we find that in the year, 1867, tho counties bordering on the-Hunter had 42,485 horses, nearly 6000 leis than in tho preceding year, 174,870 horned cattle, 300,086 shcop, and 81,400 pige. With tho remarkable -.c.xcep. tion of sheop in the oounty of Northumber- land, whore tho number of Bhtcp rose from 22,882 to 85,302, there was a general do crcaso in tho live stock of tho distriot botwsen I860 and. 1807. Throughout tho whole colony, thero was, during that your, a dcoroaso in tho number of horses) cattle, and pigs, sheop only being,: on1 thc inoroaso. And .oven in the pastoral dis- tricts tho£numbor of horned -oattlo WOB rcduied. Thero is ovory prospect of a very differontrocord for tho year 1808. And if in conjunction with the abundanoe of food now to be found over nearly all parts of tho colony, tho project of sending mutton and toeof to England in a frozen state, turns out as tbefo is good reason to hopo that it may, those who I aro engaged in pastoral pursuits will have .un-! wonted ground for exultation. f .,w Comparing tlie produoo of those -five counties with that of tho whole colony, wo find that about ono-fottrtconlh part of tho . wheat grown in this oountry is from the Hunter district s whilo one-fifth of the maize, considerably more than one third of thu wine, and coro than two-thirds of the brandy produced in New South Wales, aro from thiB fertile district. Of tho land .under cultivation.in 1867 one-fifth waa in tho counties about tho Hunter. It is ovident from these figures that tho prosperity and advancement of tho Hunter are of vital con- cern to. tho colony at largo. . And. besides the productions of this extensivo valley, the Hunter mast continue for all timo the ohief outlet for- tho produoo of a largo ex- panse of territory in the interior. Liverpool Plains, tho Namoi, tho Gwydir, and the .Barwan, and (until oonneoted by railway with tho wators. of tho Olaronoe) the table- land of Now England also will, as hitherto, swell the traffio which passes along the Hunter. In view of all tho prospectivo busi- ness of tho Hunter, it appears inevitable that if the men to whom is entrusted the manage- ment of the affairs of tho portion of territory visited last week by Prinoo ALFRED, are awake to the importance of the work de- volving upon them, and determined to fulfil .their duty towards tho present generation and posterity, an . amount of concentrated energy and intelligence far beyond what has yet been exhibited will be brought to bear upon tho task of overooming the chief obsta oles to tho prosperity of the Hunter. If the river cannot bo kept permanently within safe embankments, at loast tho business and dwel- ling houso3 of Wost Maitland can be trans- ferred to sites above tho reach of floods. Between Maitland hospital and tho Morpeth wharf there is ample scope on high ground, conveniently near the river yet far above ali danger from its overflow, for a great inland city. And if no applications of nautical science and cxperionoo oan mako tho mouth of tho Hunter a safe harbour, and so put a stop to the annual sacrifice to human lives on the Oyster Bank, some spot on tho Lower Hunter may be conncotod by railway with Port Stepbons; and then merchant vessels from all parts of the world will .with confidence frequent that seonre and ample harbour, and carry thonoo tho mineral and other prod nats of a large portion of tho territory., when the increase of population, and the progress of oommeroe have given an impetus to tho ^cultivation of tho soil, those wide stretching swamps about tho Lower Hunter will be drained and turned to profit- able use as . dairy or. agricultural farms Whon next a British Prince visits thc Hunter River wo hope the Mayors of tho towns upon its banks will be able to point out substantial and noble triumphs of soienco and perseverance over the obstaolcs whioh in 1868 etil, remain to harass tho enterprising colonist and retard the progress of the district. BESÜMPTION OP ; , PABLLAMENTAnY BUSINESS. According to th? terms of tho last adjournment tho Legislative Assembly is to meet again this afternoon, and resumo the public business, if such an expression can be proporly applied whore no public business has yet been commenced. It will bo romembered that tho last sittings closed with tho division on Dr. Lang's motion for a criminal prosecution of Messrs. Lee and Macpherson for tho late fracas, and that tho question ot Supply stood first of tho Govornmont orders of the day upon the paper. Tho Legislativo Council re- assembles on Wednesday noxt '.' Tnn GALATEA.-This fino frigate being now, ta all appearance, nearly, if not quito ready for sea, somo curiosity is expressed as to whethor sho is to bo thrown open for publie inspection, as was tho caso In tho other colonies, before her departure. According to tho latest.Now Zealand papers, Sir George Bowen had statod that his Boyal Highness tho Duko of Edinburgh oxpresscd to him his intention of being in Auckland on the 20th March, or as soon ofter as possible. It is ovident theroforo that not much time is to be lost if the public of Sydney aro to bo indulged in thoir natural desiro of paying a visit to tho Boyal Captain's ship. , CITY COUNCIL.-A qnartorly mooting of tho Mu- nicipal Council of Sydney will be holden at tho Town Ball, at 12 o'clock this day.s PBOMBNADE CONCEBTS-AFTERNOON.-On Saturday, the afternoon promanado concert, on behalf of tho funds for erecting a statue to tho illustrious circum- navigator and tho discoverer of Australia, Captain Cook, R.N., took placo in the Pavilion, Hydo Park. Tho bands] of tho Volunteer ¡¡Brigada.' and tho Galatea perform od a selection of excellent muslo during the aftornoon. Thoro woro about COO persons present, among whom were tho elite of tho city. At fifteen minutes to G o'clock, hisltoyal High- ness tho Duko of Edinburgh, accompani d by his Excellency tho Earl of Bolmoro, tho Countess of Bel- more, Miss Gladstone, and Lieutenant Haig, arrived at tho concert. U.R. H drovo a pair of gTcys in his drag. Tho Governor's carriage followed immediately af ter tho Prince's vehicle. On arrival at the Pavilion, tho Royal party proceeded to tho apart- ment appointed for their reception. His Royal High- ness and tho Earl of Bolmoro partook of somo refresh- ment in tho Princo's room during thoir stay, which' lasted about throo quarters of an hour. At about half past 5 o'clock tho Prince and Govornor, and thoir suites, left tho concert, which shortly after was brought to a closo with tho National Anthem. In tho ovening a second promonade was givon, and tho Pavilion was crowded by a very gay assembly, tho hall boing illumi- nated as upon thc occasion of tho ball givon hy tho Corporation. Tho same bands wero in attendance, and tho soloation of muslo was tho themo of general admi- ration. Tho concert closed at about 10 o'clock, and it seem probablo tho Cook Demonstration Fund will bo considerably added to by thlsploasant entertainment. ROYAL RECITALS.-On Saturday night Mr. Waller Montgomery gavo tho last of his recitals, at tho School of Arte. Tho whole of tho building WUB O owded to excess, and.tho audionco ,testified tho r approval of Mr. Montgomery's recitations by frequent appláüeo. Tho first piece was. " Hamlet on Death," this was fol- lowed by tho sccno from Othello, "Tho Disgrace of Cassio," whioh was rendered by tho ominont elocu- tionist in his usual masterly style, especially tho part representing Cassio ina stato of intoxication. Dog- berry nnd Vorgos, in "Muoh Ado about Nothing," wera nextgivon, and created considerable amusement " Tho Bells " \va< repented and well received ; " Mary's Ghost,'' and "Tho Bruce1' woro also given in-an excollontstyle. Tonnysson's Poem "Tho Eaglo,' a piece of but a fow lilies, was tho noxt on tho pro- gramme. Thon came tho last and best, viz., Charles Dlokcns' humorous episode " Tho . Bloomsbury Christening," In whioh Mr. Dumps and his .nephew appoar as thc most prorainont characters. This put tho audionco into roars of laughter, and lt was rendored by Afr. Montgomery in excellent style. Bo oro thc recitation of tho last piece, Mr, Montgomery, in a few words, expressed his thanks for tho reception'ho lind mot with in Sydney. Although hp arrived hero a perfect atrojigor, ho had sinco made tho acquaintance of many friends, many of whom ho noticed among tho audionco, and as this was his last rocitul ho regretfully bado thom farewell CORN Onor.-Every thing hero has been remarkably qulot, tho farmers boing busy getting on to tlwir lands ond looking forward to having a very heavy com crop. Ills certainly to behopod that this crop will be got off safo this year, for after io. many unfortunate seasons tho farmers wore, and no wonder, getting coruplctoly worn out and ruined. Wo havo orory prospect, too, .of having abundanoo of grass for fcod, and this assiste .roany greatly who have dalrios nnd a fow stock, for ithoy can then kill a small boast of their own.-Cum Jwrland Mercury, March 7. 