DULL SERMONS. From the Melbourne Leader, Nov. 14. Thero aro few countries or colonies where tho pooplo have orectcd moro houses of worship in a brief spaco of time than in Victoria. Thero is scarcely a district without a commit tee of modern temple-building Solomons. Tho zeal for church- building is confined to no par ticular sect. It is duvuloped moro fully in gome branches of the Christian church than in others, but much negligence in this respect can scarcely bo laid to the charge of any. In furtherance of tho celebration of public wor ship ministers arc appointed who, despite tho exposure of social failure in a few exceptional cases, aro .earnest, well-meaning und sincere men. Their moral character is irreproachable. They lead blameless lives, and offer excellent examples for the imitation of other heads of families. They neglect not the poor, and are assiduous in the due fulfilment of those duties for which they consider themselves responsible. They miss no opportunity of pushing on the good work in which thoy aro engaged. They take counsel together in synod or ussombly, and spare themselves in nothing that they consider tends to the accomplishment of tlte task to which they havo put their hands. And yet with all this tho mission of many of these mew is an obvious failure. They preach dull sermons. They fail in discovering tho key-note to the hearts of men and womon. Nor is dulness the only fault of those prosy discourses which excite in the listener an ir repressible desire to escape a painful infliction. Too many modern preachers form their style upon the discourses of centuries back. These deliverances are shreds of the parchment and dry bones of a past generation. They preach to the ghosts of dead congregations whilst living men are crowded round them. Sometimes adult congregations are condemned to listen to a repetition of Scripture stories, suited to the limited understandings of the infant Bible class. Sometimes a modern assemblage of Christian worshippers is lectured upon points of belief as though they habitually bowed the knee to a practicable Baal, or literally cast themselves under tho wheels of Juggernaut. The sermon, nine times out of ten, is an utter anachronism. A few centuries back it might have appealed to the minds and circumstances of their existing con gregations, but it is without any useful bearing now. In not 'a few cases the sins of the poor aro. over well rehearsed to the com parative oblivion of the peccadilloes of the rich contributor to the church's coffers; not, perhaps, with any definitely sordid motive, but from a feeling that another opportunity would present itself when the end might be accom plished without offending by pointed public comment and reproof. Plow often does tho average preacher actually rise doubts by set ting up rotten props of bad argument, intended to Bupport great truths built upon sure foun dations in his hearers' mind 1 There are prea chers of a certain school who consider that they are performing their duDy when they con demn their Sabbath audiencies to discourses patched up out of Scripture sentences worked into a kind of mosaic. Others again incline to paraphrasing tho noble yet simple language of the Bible into turgid mcaninglessness. In hundreds of cases the sermon is composed much as lads write themes at school. There must be as much manuscript as will decontly fill .tho given number of minutes which the preacher assigns to himself. If disinclined to essay-writing next week, pulpits are exchang ed, and second- hand pabulum administered to another group of uncdificd listeners. Of com so it would be unreasonable to expect that ovoryone who assumed tho ministerial office should be a miraclo of talent and brilli ant oratory. Thoro aro other careers open to auch men, and the temporal rewards of the churches are not such as to monopolise all tho talent that is available. But there is one vast want in the majority of pulpit-preachine Thoro is u general inapplicability to the time and ciicuuistances in which men live. Ver- ' bal criticism of doubtful passages is well* enough in its way, but tho work of word-dis- ' section palls and becomes wearisome. The cold discussion of doctrinal points can be found in scores of hooks on polemics. What is more needed than pulpit analyses is earnest pulpit exhortation.. Tho Sabbath sermon should bear sonic sort of relation to the week day's pursuits. A discourse which mi«ht be tolling enough in a Melbourne church would be out of place at Corunderrk or Samoa, Tho homily which might serve some useful purpose if addressed to tho lads in the train ing-ship would miss its aim in St. Peter's or ', Chalmers' Churches. As a general rule, clor gynien, instead of preaching over the heads of their congregations, underrate their faith. th«ir understanding, their acquaintance with tho ' truths of Scripture. The preacher who leaves tho impress of his words upon his hearers is he who connects religion with the every-day work of the . world. Such a man so blends the material and the spiritual that the Sun day exhortation is not forgotten in the count ing-house or tho workshop. Thoro nro meu of this stamp --men who know what the religion of common litb means. And thero can bo no surer indication of the fitness of this laity for something better than the decorous dulness — the heavy plati tudes of tho average preacher — than the uni versal esteem and admiration which men of all denominations fenl for anyone who steps out of the beaten path and addresses men as ^uul did on Marshill, or as probably did Poter the Hermit when advocating the Crusades. Earnest manliness is a pulpit characteristic too often left out of the account by thorns who essay to teach and to lead. They foiget that to bo effective they must establish somo chord of human sympathy which will vibrate be tween tho teacher aud the taught. The Haily journals, in noticing tho sermons preached by Bishop Selwyn, point to the possession by that active Christian minister of a faculty of effec tive preaching, without ex'tracrdiuury eloqu ence. By placing in juxtaposition, quotation! from each of the principal daily papers simul taneously published, may be ascertained tho effect of an earnest pi eachor's address upon the mind of that habitually unimpicssionablu and phlegmatic person, the reporter. Writes one of them : — ' The great fault of most ser mons is that, however suitable they might huvo been two hundred years ago, they are out of placo now ; they are egregious anachronisms. The conspicuous merit of the bishop's seribo'n was its being tho utterance of a man who was evidently in full rapport with the time in which wo live, and the circumstances with which welwve to deal. His illustrations, and he had many, were chiully drawn from the kind of life with which wo are familiar in the colony.' Tho other speaks of ' an eloqiienco essentially vigorous and manly, and breathing with earnestness and zeal in every sentence. It was typical of the man that his discourses of yesterday contained no argument, no ex planation, no criticism ; they were exhorta tions, rich in allusion and language, fired with emphasis, and delivered with thu warmth of one who felt that ho was pleading in the no blest cause.' There are settled amongst our selvns preachers possessed of the qualities tlius described, nor is there any need to indicate them by name. Their thronged aisles, filled witli men who are glad of the truth spoken aptly and in season, testify that if worshippers aro scarce and pews empty elsewhere, it is be cause of pulpit lukewannness, pulpit freblo ncss, pulpit inaptitude. Scoics of churches aro preached empty by tho infliction of Sab bath saw-dust. Nowhere is the Demosthenic element of earnestness, as the true kernel of eloquence, more required than lit tho pulpit. Tho half-hearted, careless doctor or cobbler who ignored a century's progress, would secure few patients or customers. Nor can the clergy, if they desire to be practically useful, afford to lag behind tho times in which their sphere of action lies. 