GROWTH OF A LONDON MYTH: Once upon a time, ' when I was a little tiny boy,' I was brought from the country to a lodging in Kirby-street, Hatton-garden. It was before the railway era, and I tra velled by the mail coach, and had a seat with the guard, and the privilege of admir ing his red coat and handling his bugle. At that period Kirby-street was not wholly unfashionable. Tnere was tnen as now a very considerable population of Italians in the neighbouring courts and alleys, engaged iu tbe manufacture of optical instruments, and of plaster images and casts ; but Hat ton-garden, Ely-place, and Kirby-street still contained private dwelling houses where native Londoners of a certain social position resided. It was in one of these that I dwelt for about two months, pet and favourite of the kindly and garrulous old lady who was mistress of the establish ment Of all the stories she told me, that of Lady Hatton fixed itself most firmly in my mind, partly because it was tragical and supernatural, but in a great degree because the very stones of the Btreet seemed to prate of it, and Bleeding-heart Yard, a place with a ghastly name and a weird reputation, the scene of the final catas trophe, was within a stone's throw of the room where I Bat listening to the dreadful recital. The story was to this effect : In the reign of Queen Elizabeth there stood in what is now Cross-street, Hatton garden, the mansion of Sir Christopher Hatton, who, by the favour of his sovereign — some people say because he was. the most graceful dancer, and not because he was tbe ablest lawyer of his time— had been advanced to the position of lord high chancellor. , ,.-.... In this, house, which was surrounded with pleasant gardens, and appears to have stood in about; the centre of a space bounded by Hojbom on the south, by Saffron-hill and Baldwin's-gardenson the east, by Leather-lane on the west, ? and by Hatton-wall on the north, Sir Chris topher was accustomed at all proper sea sons to hold .high revel and entertain the principal people of :the day. When this eminent , person was in his sunny youth, when he had neither acquired name nor fame nor royal favour, he was a constant attendant at the theatres of Lon don. Oranges had been in the first year of Elizabeth newly introduced into Europe from China by the Portuguese, and had but recently found their way to England. Then, as now, a trade in. the refreshing fruit was carried on both at the doors and in the interior of the theatres. Among the girls who plied this industry was one very handsome person^ very poor, but very proud, with beautiful long dark hair,. and dark eyes, that could flash with eithei holy or unholy fire. The gallant Sir. Christopher bought some oranges of her one day, and made her a pretty speech upon the happi ness of the man, whoever he might be, who could hope to gain' her affection's. Thought less Sir Christopher ! From the moment that her eyes met those of the gay young gentleman the lively orange girl -became the victim, of one all- consuming desire. Sir Christopher bought many oranges of 'her as, every day when he came to the theatre, she threw herself in his path to attract his notice. Every day lie ' made some little flattering speeches. After a time lie be came annoyed to learn the girl's attach ment to him was so obvious as to have become a subject of banter among his friends. He was in no humour for an intrigue. But the colder he became, the warmer she grew. When he retreated she riiiraii'bfi ' Whpn Yin WnA indifferent line was enthusiastic. ' When he froze, fine burned, and desperate thoughts took pos session of her mind. ' It seemed to her as if she could neither live ' nor die, and that life without his love was infinitely worse than all the pangs of death. At this time, and long previously,' 'The Tragical History of Dr. Faustus — a very doleful ballad — was commonly sung in the streets : The Devil in fiyar1* weefa appeared to me, And straight to my request did agree, That I might have all things «t my desire, If / gave soul and body for his hire. : She learnt this woful piece flf doggerel by heart If Faustus could find a devil to buy his soul — for the price of love and a term of earthly felicity— could she not find a 'devil to 'do her the same good torn! 'Oh,1 that she could !' For many days and nights, she called upon the Prince of Darkness, upon Satan, upon tiudfer, upon Mephis topheles, by every name that Bhe thought powerful, to come to her assistance. There was no answer. At last, upon one cold and rainy night, when 'she was tnore than usually 'desperate and unhappy, ehe etfayed towards the Waterman's stairs iat London bridge, and wbb about to drown herself, when she became awaraof a stranger, who was standing by her Bida - He was a young man : in the bloom of beauty, and -very sparkling blue grey eyes of the colour of wood smoke, and a thick bushy beard and moustache of a hue between yellow and red, white regular teeth, a smile that was rather haughty and condescending than at tractive or fascinating, and such beautiful white hands as might have belonged to a lady, and never could be supposed to have been employed in hard or dirty work. He was dressed in a suit of black velvet — all black from top to toe,* with the exception uf his hose and shoe ribbons and the jaunty feather in his cap, all of which were of scarlet 'So you think of jumping into the river,' he said, in a grave tone of voice ; ' but would not that be foolish as well as wicked J' She started, though she did sot in tbe least imagine who lie could be. He looked am. very miserable.' 'But you are young and lovely, and you may yet find happiness, and plenty of it, if you will only seek it in the right manner. I know your history. You love Sir Chris topher Hatton. Yes, you love him, and he does not love you in return. A very common case 1' ' Mine is no common case,' replied the dark-haired girl, with startling emphasis, looking straight at her visitor. ' If he cannot love me, I will die. Life without him is hourly misery.' ' And with him would be hourly bliss, of course. I know all that,' continued the stranger, very coolly, if not sarcastically. ' Listen to me ' I am a bliss merchant I deal in tbe article. I have a great stock at my disposal.' ' Then give me some of it for the love of Heaven,' she said, clasping her hands, looking up in his face, and appearing even to bis eyes to be exceedingly beautiful. ' Merchants don't .owe,' said he. ' You, for instance, don't give away oranges ! You sell them. Giving is not in my line, or I should soon be a bankrupt, rich as I am ; and if I were fool enough to be liberal, it would not be for love of the place you mention.' ' Sell me joy, then — Bell me the love of Sir Christopher Hatton ; make him love me as I love him, and if the bliss can be but mine for seven day -, 'you shall name your own price, even if it be my soul, pro vided you can get his also, and we can both go into your dark kingdom together.' ' Fair and softly,' if it were indeed he, and who else could it be ?' ' I can only deal with one person at a time. You and I can do our business first He and I, if possible, can do our business afterwards. In my little transactions with human kind, I have but one price — which is the sonL Will you sell me yours 1' . ; ?-???-: 'I will,' she replied, with ' a sljght shudder, ' for his love ; warm, passionate,' undivided, for seven daye.' ' .' * ; ''Stupid girl !' you must have a very bad opinon of me, to think I could entrap you into such a miserable bargain aB that No J no 1 I have some heart ' and '.ton science, tuongVyou taay toot believe 'iti; What do you say' to seven wTBeksT 'Better, oh betterf' ': - ' Seven months 'f ' : '_' ?' ' ; ' Bliss undescribable I' 'Seven yearsf' ' '? -: '-'!l! ?'?'?' '' 'Oh.do hot moek/mei 'If I lad seW souls, I would wll them all to you*for sucK a price as'that' r' - ;v: -- ???^?'?\K£* ! . There was not t^uch'italk betweeri^i'e two irffer this. 'Sewn years was ^he Jterni agreed upon, add the price w*b»I# bfeter immortal soul: at the end thereof. 4ti» stranger produced a parchtn|nt;]wr&te;':6'dt tiie agreement in a very kwyer-like'h'ajKl,' read it over to her, and all- was'readyfor her mark This, as everybody ?? knows, must, in such transactions, be made 'with blooa.- ? ?-??-?? ???- -.': ??- ?-'?'?; w, 'You are not afraid «f the ': prick;of a - needle V asked her companion, Smiling - and before she eonld reply, be took hold of her by her beautiful ' plomp 'arm, squeezed a sharp diamond ting that 'was on his finger against it,=ond drew just one drop Of , red, ripe, rich 1-lood ' He produced afen - from bis -doublet, flipped the point' in the liquid, placed- it in ' heriand, tad showefl her where to ? place '?? her' nWk. She 'did as Bhe was requested. The stranger 'blew upon the mark to dry Ut— his breath 'was hot, no doubt— then folded up the 'docu ment, and placed it carefully iniia pbeket. ' Now,' 'Said he, ''feir and noble lady — for I hereby 'create you a countess^— let me see what title will -suit you best ? The Countess di Sidbnia San Felice? Slat will do! See you don't forget ' it ! ,3fou will want a grestdeal of money. -??'? Nothing is to be done without fcold. I, myself, though I do not 'value it, 'cannot manage my business without if Were' there :no gold in the world, I eerily believe ttere would be little work left tot me. Take this ring, and whenever you want Cash, however much or however little, rub it all round with the tip of your Tight fore finger, and you will find in your purse, or at your feet, the exact sum you have thought of. Just try the experiment' : She took the ring, rubbed it as directed, and said, ' One hundred gold pieces.'' She felt a sudden weight in. her pocket, and looked both alarmed and pleased. ' - 'Take them out and count ?them,-' said he. If you had named a- million it would have been just the. same; but 'as- you would have found the mass-rather heavy, I think you .need - npt - call for - euch a quan tity, except on the great occasions when less will not suffice. . And now, countess, youmust act the part of a great lady-^I know you can do itH-and leave me to W-rk for you in the proper quarter.. I jwill per form my part of the conlract like a gentle man. My word is' my bond. Having doneso— I -Will not trouble you withiny' company uninvited— until this .day-ieVen ' years hence, ^vhen, whether youviavite «ne or not, I shall come and pay .»ny respects to jpu. Jt.will be necessary, ioweVer,. in '? the meanwhile, until I have made tne man ofybur -choice jpur owb for seven years, which Itruly iope may be happy and delicious years to you — on my honour «s a gentleman ,1 swear it— that you and I should be sometimes seen together. lam, ranember it well, the Dpke-di Sidonia San j-'tiuce, jibu joij are iny mece. , a saail in troduce you into good society, If I am at jmy time disagreeable to .you, or if the - thought of our little. bargain causes you any annoyance, just give me * look— I -am skilful in looks, and ^eed no. language -to tell a person's thoughte— and I will relieve you of my presence. But don't, for jour own sake, try to get rid of me in a pet or temper. And, before I say farewell, let me give you a word of advice. Don't make love to Sir Christopher. , jDon't run after him. Don't let iim know that yon care a straw for him. : Let him be the wooer. Let hiui sigh bis soul away at your feet; and if you have » little acorn to bestow upon him— not too ?moch, mind yoa 5 jast a little judicious tiny bit of scorn — dart it at him from those lovely black eyes rof~ yours, and he will come to you as slavishly and affectionately as if he were your lap dog. I am an old stager in these .matters, and have been in love myself— a long, 4o»g, time ago. Farewell, sweet countess !'???; The next time that Sir Christopher went to tbe theatre there was no orange girl to offer him or any one else oranges, .at which, to say truth, he was rather pleased than otherwise, for the orange girl, in conse quence of the jests of his friends, had be come a bore. He met, at the entrance, his friends, the Earls of Southampton and Pembroke, both great patrons of the drama. They asked him if he had seen the new Spanish beauty, who, for the last two days, had dazzled the eyes of all beholders. She had suddenly appeared in London, no one exactly knew from whence, and was accom panied ty her uncle, a Spanish grandee and magnifico of the highest class, a grave old gentleman, with a highly intellectual face, who dressed in black velvet with led hose, and shoe ribbons, wore a red plume in his cap, and a cross of diamonds /upon his breast worth millions of money. Sir Christopher had neither seen nor heard : bnt. enteriag tke theatre, the lady and her uncle were pointed out to him. Soch r-, glorious beauty in a woman, such calm dignity snd serene wisdom in & man, he thought he had never before beheld. Lone before the performances were over he had ' asked Lord Southampton to introduce him ' personally to the duke, who had, as he was r' told, brought letters of introduction both 3 to him and Lord Pembroke. The fiur '; conntess was an apt scholar, and before V- three weeks had passed she had half of the lt ' golden youth' of London st her feet, at ' tracted quite as much by her reputed 4,' wealth as by her undoubted beauty. And S' Bhe possessed, not only these two great J magnets for attracting and firing men's ad y' miration, but a ready wit, and could hold 3 her own worthily against all the beaui j, esprits and amiable cynics of the time. £ The Dake, on bis part, favoured Sir Chris | topher greatly, took pleasure in his society, '? entertained him with bis learning, and 5? charmed him with his conversation, for tie i$ dote had seen so much of the w?rid. and @, was such a delicately flavoured cynk, that I it was impossible for any one to be Ions in *! bis society without recognising in him a fj Tery remarkable as well as a very charming j/i person. Encouraged by the countenance of tjj this high personaee, and daily more and ;?* more smitten with the charms of the ' *£' countess, who gave him, however, bat very ?I! slight encouragement, while she threw her tj brishtest smiles and most winning glances ?J at some one or other of his rivals. Sir Phrisrnnhpr hpcamp. what the conniess had M become when an orange-giri, head over ears y b love. He finally took courage to offer | ;' heart and hand, name and forwne to his brilliant enslaver, and, to his great distress, !?' though scarcely to his sarprise — consider- * ' ing from how many suitors, young, hand gome, noble, and rich, she might choose — was summarily rejected. ..j 'I will not be married for money,' % said the countess. ' but for myself alone. £'? Could you love me if I were poor i If, for -? instance, I earned my daily bread by selling oranges at the doors of the theatre?'' Si; 'I could,' said Sir Christopher, not I without some sarprise at the mention of i, oranges — [a question put to himself with ^ out words, ' Had she, too, heard that silly I , gossip about the orange-girl, and was she |; , jealous f] — ' and only wish that you were a peasant gin, witn no otner aowry man . your loveliness and your angelic sweetness ' of disposition, that I might make you the \ offer I make now, and prove to you how : dearly and how truly I love yon.' : The countess looked incredulous, though . she was beginning to feel very happy : but having, from the company she had lately , kept, learned to add the canning of the ? serpent to the gentleness of the dove, and thinking, moreover, that Sir Christopher ? was fast coming into the right road in , which she wished him to travel, she dallied j with Mm jet a little. i ' I am too young to marry,' she said, i ' I do not know whether I shall marry at ; »1L If I do, I am not sore -whether I i should like to marry an Englishman. In j any case, I cannot marry without my j uncle's consent, and I think he objects to j Englishmen.11 | Sir Christopher, as may be supposed, did i not lose heart of erace frnm the msnlt nf ' this conversation. Seeking an interview with the duke, who seemed to take an al most parental interest in his fortunes, he ascertained that so far from having any dislike to Englishmen — or Englishwomen — this great magnified esteemed them both reiy highly — especially tie ladies; and next to being a Spanish grandee, he thought it the finest thing in the -world to be an English nobleman. He also ascertained — or, rather, hoped be had ascertained— that the saucy countess was not nearly so in different to himself as she pretended, and that there was no one among her many suitors upon whom she looked with greater, if with so mnch favour. ' When I was your age,' said the dake, ' I was never Tery satisfied to take no for an answer in matters of the hearty nnless I discovered that the superior attractions of a rival had not left me the ghost of a chance. In the latter case I summoned my philosophy to my aid, and cooled myself with it as speedily as I might It seems to me, signor, that you do not require any cooling at present, and that, on the con trary, a little more heat might possibly be advantageous. My fair niece is, as you may have observed, a nrnnri woman an-1 the prouder a woman is the more ardently she loves — if she loves at alL That, at least, is my experience. As far proud women, they are my especial favourites. I love them dearly ? tor snch is my king dom.' The duke and the countess managed so well, and Sir Christopher became so im portunate a wooer, that the marriage was agreed upon, and, for a wonder, Queen Elizabeth did not object to it Higher powers than the majesty of England were at work, and the marriage, though not made in Heaven, was made in a place where a great deal of passionate work is done. It was celebrated with great pomp and festi vity, though it was remarked as unfortu nate that the good Duke of Sidonia San Felice was taken very suddenly ill on the night preceding the ceremony, and could not attend in church to give away the bride. Sir Christopher considerately and respect folly hinted that the marriage might be delayed for a day or two to permit the duke's presence. No ! no !' said the duke, ' that would be unlucky. Even were I at the point of death, which £ Am not— though sometimes in my sad moments I feel that I should like to die — I would not consent to be such a mar-joy as that, and to stand between two loving hearts, wit toy miserable ailments. Go, my son, and get married, and may joy go with yon.' The duke recovered next dav so snddenlv. aud looked so remarkably well, that ill natured people (people always art so ill natured) began to think it strange, and to rec» «» wt «ubi- uu vuc iiiiu ever seen him at ehnrcb. or chapel since be came to England. ? He was not a religous man, evidently; j Tradition, if her voice were truly repre sented by the good olidame from whom I gathered tins story, lias not recorded whether in this instance ti» course of true love ran smooth, and whetber thev were happy -, but that they lived together, to all outward appearance, as man. and wife shodld^decentiy and honourably, according to tJbeitiwation, aeems obvious, fiom the fact thitfar Christopher, seven years after the niipipiu* ': * splendid ball, of, which tei*ffi- did the hoBonrs, and at, which «B tk notaKUtw rf London were ? present. Lady Hart™ hid for the his: year been in viry indifferent health. She seemed unhappy, but her !cra ivsli never understand eia.'-y wLi: vr--s the Kri'.ter . and rtouih she was iittenieu by the c:c~t emices: phvsicions of ;he dav. thr-'::!y ex planation they odd cive e: hsr maisav vras that it w-as mental, asd that sue was suffering frca some secret sorrow, which she seeEeddiiicelined to divulge. Her curie had disappeared from England very shortly j after her m&rrisce.; sad explained t-? tir | Christopher, as a reason for cot keeping up j a corrv5pocden« with iim. list he baa j made up his mind to see the worid — to j travel to the remotest ends of the earth in j search of sjreutnres- '? In fact,'' he said, | in & jeswse hucour. ' I am like a roaring ! lion ' I like to co about the earth seeking j whom I msy devour. I speak metaphori- ; caiiy, of co;irse. and mean u-hat I may de- ; von'r in ihe shspe of new excitement, and fresh experience of men and their ways.' j He promised, however, to leave lady Hat- j ton s due to £i« whereabout in case be I shodd ever be wanteo. Bat he never was I wanted. Sir CbrUtopher mentioned him ! bat rare!y. and uoticeii partioularir when- ( ever he did so tist Lady Haston seemed | un«asy. as if she would be glad to banish ? his remembrarjce from her mind. Sir . Christopher, after an ineffectual stteaipt to discover whether there had been a quarrel , between them, forbore to speak upon the subject after the first two years of their marriage, scd had alirjori forgotten ttst j such a person as the Duke of Sidoaia San j Felice had ever existed. For the mouth I seemed more than usuailv unhappy, the j conld not bear to be left ali-ne even for an ; instant, and would often break oat into i hysterical sobs, followed by horrribie j iaoghter. distressing to witness. j *' Do you think,' she said, one evening ' ? to Sir Christopher, as they sat in the library, after a dsv in which some portion of her old happiness seemed to have re , visited her, ' that there is any truth in the j story of Dr. Faustus, who sold himself to Lucifer for worldly power and dominion ?' ' A stupid old legend,' said the practical Sir Christopher — ' an absurd superstition. ! No doubt people do give their souls to the 1 devil, when they commit sin, persist in sin, and die unrepenting.'' ' Repentance makes a difference, then T said the lady. ' And suppose I sold my ; soul to Lucifer, for love of you, and were ! to repent that I did so, conld Lucifer claim my soul ?'' Sir Christopher smiled. ' My dear, good wife,' said he, 'you are certainly unwelL Your health is injured because you hare been left too much alone lately. I shall give half-a-dozen grand dinners and balls, and invite a large company each time. We shall be merry, and you shall be the very queen of all the joy and festivity. Cheer up, love. You have youth, beauty, riches, friends, and your husband's heart What more do you require I' ' Peace of mind ' she replied, with a shudder, as some painxol thought Hashed upon her brain, and lighted up hex dark eyes with a tragic light '1 have sold myself to Lucifer, or I have dreamt so.' ' But who is so silly — pardon the ex pression — as to lose their peace of mind fur a dream T' ' JTy dream was a reality, or so like a reality that I cannot tell the difference.' ' Many dreams are. I have had such dreams myself, especially when I have bees out of health. We shall core all that fur yon, if you will trust to my care and attention.' And Sir Christopher gave her as warm an embrace as if they had only been married seven days instead of close opon seven years, and the Jady for awhile was comforted. The great ball at last took place, aud it seemed to all present that never had Lady Hatton looked so exceedingly beautiful; that her dark, full eyes had never gleamed with such vivid lightning glauces upon her hosts of flatterers and admirers, or that her pretty little feet had ever twinkled so elegantly, so joyously, and so deftly in the dance. Sir Christopher was delighted, and convinced, moreover, that, after all, her only ailments were the results of the too great solitude, in which his increasing avo cations had compelled him to leave her — a solitude which he firmly resolved should not continue, if wealth could bring amuse ment, or change of scene, or any possible recreation that might divert her mind, and occupy her best faculties. It was five minutes before midnight by the great hall clock, when a new and important visitor was announced — no less a person than the long-lost Duke di Sidonia San Felice, in the well-known and graceful costume in which he was so familiar to Sir Christopher, the suit of black velvet, the scarlet hose and shoe-ribbons, and the jaunty scarlet plume in his cap. Lady Hatton turned red, then ghastly pale, at the sight, and it was thought by those close to her that she would drop to the ground. But she braced up her nerves as the duke approached her, and took her by the hand. He smiled with a grave sweet smile, and said softly, yet in a voice that all around could dis tinctly hear : 'I am punctual.' Then turning to Sir Christopher, he said : ' You did not expect me. Of coarse not .' Do not disturb the dance. How lovely your wife looks ' She has been a good wife to you, I am sure.' Sir Christopher put his hand upon his heart. ' I knew she would be,' continued the duke. ' Such women as she are rare in this wicked world. I have a little bit of family news to communi cate to her. We can sit together for a few minutes, can we not, in the ante-room yonder among the flowers ? What lovely flowers you have got, Sir Christopher. My taste, exactly.' lie nad taken Lady Hatton by the hand, and he led her with the utmost respect and gallantry from amid the crowd. The dance went on, but Lady Hatton never reappeared ; neither did the Dake di Sidonia San Felice. After the lapse of an hour, Sir Christopher, not knowing what had become of her, and ar dently desiring not to make a scene or a orauMini itifnrmM) fiin miesta flint, mv 1si4tf had been taken unwell, but not seriously, and had gone to bed. The dance went on ; everyone was joyous except poor Sir Christopher, who was glad when the last of the guests had departed, and he was left alone to ponder over the very singular disappearance of his lady, and to wonder when she would return to him. In the morning a very horrible eight presented liseii id toe yaru ui naitvagar dea. The great pomp that stood in the yard was aU stained and beclotted with blood and brains, as if some one's head had been smashed and broken against it, On I the croacd ]sy a hursa.: h-rart in a pool ( of blivd, and !\ u:;d :ib.^t we.-i ;Lrcd= a:,d ;? tatters of female a;::rl-. h.ud irajDna;! c!' ! L'oi^ ch^uu? ai.- - v *se *j1:*li': r.ds j;ic ''TtT I jewel* such ss had bccE nvrci by Lsdv j fctatton on the previous evening. TLcn I were no traces of a bodr. but ihtre was a dec;? hole ia the ground as if it had been made by a thousand thunderbolts, aud the who'.e place smelt awfaliy sulphurous and mephitic Laofer had claimed his own. Thus had ended the bright career of the beautiful but wicked LaJy Hatton. — Ali- 