ITEMS'" 'OP M&wsi; ' ' . The undcrnoted . aro requestecL to call -for pay- jmcnt of tlieir accounta jatjthe Sub,- Treasury ; Miller R. Cij' Baffife,;Jpliri,. Befli/Jrimes Henryf. iBeritley H., Burt Tiros.,, Day. Jos.,/ Heley Chs., Lindsay Jas.pMullby Jiip!,.Moyle .Ed.,,M'Beath. jRobt.,: M'CtUmari';:'DuUeaii,' NeWcombe E. P., |0'Brion'A/Pafc', .Osterrield'AJplifi/ r(IUpketlAAVlri.,-- ; ilorifieitl Bros. , ' Scliolei' T.", Sh'elderi 'jiio.,/ Tkylor ; ;Ricbd., White -tuclid., Matthews -find; Go.,', Hisset ;T. J.,! Blai r Rob t. Blun t Jrio., Ciistleinitine'Gas' ''Oo:,-MUligan J:, Nott J., Rogei'S J.', Taylor R., Wyett J. W., Wilson Di ./. - ; ; - .. ; ' Yesterday the anniversary A services , of tlie" .Congregatiorial Ghib'dliQiyarof heldri ;Tlip,;Rev. 'E.'Day. ofiiciatJd bolhA. mprhuig and evening be-'1 fore a numerous- corigrbgatioiy, at each seryice. T'J j Yesterday tlie':pbiic"c'Aari'ested'a' ChiAese'ibr: | assaulting _ a .'/tvoiri'nri.; ; / In., all .','ptobability .the; accused is more slhuiid against tlia'n sinriirig,' hut ;hevwill be dealt with this morning at the Rolice ! Court.. jittu'J1 i Mrs George Ryland lias; presented' for the use of the patients of :tlie Hospital d iriiscellarieous collection of hoolcs, journals, &c.;, , Tho donation will prove, ayalnable additipn'to the presorit' stock : of literature in the, Institution. . A ineeting of tlie commitfee of tlie.Agribultnral - jSofeiety will talce place tombH'ow'.' It is "desirable . there 'should ; be ji: full , attendance, as it will be 'necessary to aitango at once for representatives - 'at the conference to take placo'pri; Thursday. . ; . ! . Yesterday was nri>iinportant day inthe Chinese calendar, being tlie. one in the seven tit month, set apart for performing acts, of kind memory to the .departed. In the third month; :a;day is-appointed fors syyqepin'g clean andbeautjfyingtlio grayesand . 'pi'Ssehtirig' offerings' of food: ; yesterday, besides' the latter, ' by a process 'of hm'nirih'.'iri'oriByarid,' elbthing were supposed to li'ave pasdjfbrtjib rise , of , tlie spirits 'of tlie (dead in tlie world to, wliicli' they are confined;'; A A' 'A... ,-A'A A V .. Tlio half-yearly meetingtof ihei'sliarehoiders iri' the Bolmore Gold-mining Company (registered) , (Guildford, ;'wris lield;pn'Friday evening at Garton'ri Hotel, S wanstoh-fetiecf : ' Mr 'ALimgridge ' in the, chair. " ; The . tbpoftA of the, directbrs "showed dri improveriieht hi tlie. prospebts ' of the company. iDuring the half-year ending on the 30th of June, jtliero had been l.liBoz of .gold. ohtoiried,' for ;whick the company-had received sE4382:, Iri; ad dition to 'tho sum' of, over' £535 '.paid for puddling Imachincs. and £G00 paid-off the mortgage to tlio ibank,lii-cbnsiderahlo . amount had: been eripeuded in carrying on the two levele, enlarging the same, ; re-timbering, &o; \- This amount having ; boon jchai'ged to profit and; loss had liad tlie effect", of making tho apparent profit on the half year much (smaller tliiiri if. it liad h'eeii cliarged toAcapital.' jTiic report stated that Mr George F. Bevnn had j been,;. appointed as . (mining manager.; ;; Tho .(directors liad secured "the lease'Aof.tiie ivcljoining, Aground for tlie sum of £200 crisli, which had! imaterially. increased tlie value of (itiie/companji's- ,'pfoperty/ , , The. mining rnapager's, statement was, higlily lavourable. and this,, together with tlie di rectors' report andbalancei-sheet, was unanimously Adopted. -The machinery purchased during Thc: ;last liak-year liad fen pmd for out.'pf .the'prbfits: -mado during the period. / The officers of tho past' iyear wore re-eleatedj-ridth' the excoption bf Mr IGreen, mining manager. - . . ' . . | A Gbrxrian aitci,-' tvlio recently strayed away (from Hamilton, Jmsheen. found riear Durikeld, in; ; a most pitiable plight. The apprehending con- : stable found liim wnlking in tlio huslf perfebtly unclothed, with the exception of a pair of boots.,', ! He "earned : a giuri; brriucli : in eaeli hand, which'- ilie waved to and fro,- nnd was speolung loudly to ' himself. He was clad and brought into Hamil- ! .ton, there being no court at Dunlteld sooner than ' Thursday; ' The'pobi: felloW; Svlio. is quite insane, 1 was at ono time a-ivaiter 'at Gai'tbri'sTiotei, Mel- bouriie. " ' ' ' ' ' '' Writing: bn /'a recent - medical movement, the iGeelongHegister say's A commodity, which is i hedged' round ''with so many restrictions,' should he intrinsically valuable and indispensiblo., Is it ! so with the, allopathic A system of medicine ? " . Is there not a force qttietly maturing, which 'ere ilong may decisively inform these medico-ctliical gentlemen that' their services are dear at any ;price? "Wo notice' this, new foe to a medical ;paradise lias; attracted, the . attention of our A ftfliinnl finrvnHo iPiilo" O rirftiM/Ittb ' WA ' Akw. styling himself "a "practitiprier of hamixbpathy, tiydropathy, or. mesmerism, .'shall , he eligible for, membership, and such jiersons shall not, be met in consultation by any member of the society." If (the establisliment of tliis medico-ethical society: ; has the effect of bringing friendly societies ' arid ' : homoeopathy into; closer union, tlio resultmaybo boneficial,. and. an 'important A'tep taken", in the direction of, .Uio .adoptipri.of medical Juiowledge. ( In Gcelorig a stop has boen taken in 'this direc tion by the: Sons of Temperance Benefit Society (electing an.komceopatliic, practitioner as well as a more arthbdoxjaUopiilVi/vWe.iwmmethefriendly' societies ' are ' 611' 'the' 'alert "to blieclunate this ; ethical attempt to /reduce' tlio b'e'riefits hitherto jonjoyed by tlieir mcmbors. . . ; ; ; . v , A caBo interesting to road tollkcopers and per sons intlio hiihit1 of convoying irierchrindiso, es- jpccially garden prodnco, .in spring, cart's, ivas tried at the cBrigliton ; Polico Court on-Friday, and decided 'in lavpur of tlio tollkeepor.- - Jas. Beasoly summoned Micliaol ALynch, tlio ' toll- keeper, ifors charging excessive: toll; Mr Crisp who -appeared for 'tho. plaintiff, "stated that liis client had brought this caso heforo thp.B.enchin order to tost ' tiife " question ns to the legality or otherwise of; charging Is Ml 'on spring carts. - He citedtlie case of Bennett vRobinson; wliicli whs triad, at the Bnnswick Police Court undor circumstances similar to tlie present. The Bench oil that occasion decided that tho charge on 'spring carts was Is ; but on 27th March, 18U7, ian appeal was made to the Supremo Court which - upset tliat decision, tho Judge fixing tho charge at Gd- In consequence of tins verdict tlio then keeper of tho toll now in question, at Brighton, was instructed to chnrge only Gd thenceforth 011 spring carls, rind tlie local bodies interested gave him £50 as compensation. A now keeper, how ever (the present defendant), liad commenced a few week ago to charge Is on spring carts, and hence the present case. The defendant's lawyer, Mr T. Miller, maintained that although the vehicle in question was on springs, yet as it had been built to carry heavy mcrciiandiso it was liable to a charge of Is. Complainant acknow ledged using the cart for conveying heavy loads of market produce and not for passengers, and the Bench dismissed the case, ns they did not think tlio charge excessive. Tho search for the missing child at Yangery lias proved fruitless. A great number of liorbo- j men went out on Sunday Inst, and every spot ; within a mile of tlie house was closely searched, hut no traco of tho littlo wanderer could be dis covered. It is suspected by some that an aboriginal called " Johnny Monnhnn " has stolen the child, hut it is not known 011 what grounds this suspicion is based. Tlie Geelong Register says I— " llakcrs of batter expect that the Supply this year will not be much moro than one-third that of ordinary years, for the grass is sb backward that the cows are not giving one- half of their usual amount of milk. Tlieio has been such an exceptionally small quantity of rain so far, that tlio supply of grass is but very littlo, and the cows have not that amount of food needful, in order that they may give a large quantity of milk." A correspondent of tho Maryborough Chronicle writes ns follows with reference to Gympie : — "The extraordinary find of 2000oz of gold in Perseverance Reef, a 70oz nugget at the Deep Creole, nnd the Two-mile reefing ritsh, form the prinoipnl items of mining news. An abundance of powder having arrived, blasting operations ate going on in full force; consequently' out town is comparatively deserted during the day, although presenting tho appearance of a fair at night — which is a healthy state of tilings." The Nuslwillo Times, of 19th August says: — "Day by day our reefs are increasing in number, as also ill; many instanoes in value, There are now 130 registered on the Commissioner's" books. This A would surprise old . Ballarat. or Bendigo residents.' ; As ;a proof of - the richness of our ri>'ofs,-we may mohtion tlibt out of 00 tons of quartz from tho Lady Mary prospecting claim, tliero was yielded 1495oz ldwt. Tlie .stone picked from the same quartz liad previously tui'tibd autj 194806;' Hmkiiig/; a (tdtnl' ;pf ;3443oz idwti ' or -7 an" average of OOoz-lOdwt to the ton." : Satisfactory ' accounts have been, received from Kilkiyan and Jimna goldficlds: A meetiiig .of tke/'crimmitteB "appointed , by -, the "VVesleyan Qlfiiijbli. '.toVwiteh "fiver'; tho .interests'- of public 'education ' in" Victoria"'was held at Wesley Church on; the 24th inatr/Tho President of tho Con- forbrico 'ijrbsided,- arid' A largo"numhor:of ministers Arid ; "lay gentlemen 'were prosent. The circulars recently issued by. the Board-of Education-were submitted to the meeting, arid after. 'long/and' "earnest discussion, tliOj following, resolutions were . adopted l. 'That sblrib fefiuctibiiiri the staff of teachers iri cbmriibri ichbhis is reasonable; 2. Thatm the opinion of tliis com mittee the reductions proposed by. the Board of Edu cation, as bet fortlf mi circular 68-1 are excessive, and that tlio stitff prbpbsed'foi''a school with an average of- 75 schoIarS'be ftllbttod to a school with an average; of 65 seliolnvs ; ;3. That the Board of Education be respectfully reqriestfcd'tb postpone the operation of their new rules ;unti( tlie 1st January, 1869; 41, That a respectful memorial bo presohted 'to the'Board of . Education on : behalf of" this bommittee,:reqriesting that Wesley ail ministerb wheri' they are removed by 'the Conference, be Replaced on too local committees . :by"the.ministers who may succeed them in their re spective localities, and/that the nomination of the head Of 'the denomination shall be regarded by the Uoatd'as!6uffioibrit.,.'::;' ','-; 1 - / -1 j.'- j 'Tjie following ;withreferencq to ' llie Ashhin \Courit .iyli'b recentiy. A.-visite'd Sydney and' Qiieeri'slnridAis I.Tur- riished by the Brisbane correspondent of tho Qucens- Jarid Tiirick :— " A story— which I' believe is qiiitc true-h-is.-told of- the counterfeit Count Yon Attorns, which goes a little, way in itself to show ho was an impostor. ( Tho .Count honoured , a ball given hero duringhis visit with his presence, arid lamented, with a'most lugubrious countenance, to a lady that ho was put about for lack of funds — not, however, 'tliat ho ' waritod' the lady tb loan him any, but by way of braggadocio;- ' My deaf madam, I'can assure you zat I liave only got six zousand pounds to last mo for von fortnight," and 'I veepquilo misorable.' Ho paid the ow;nor of the Hamlet's Ghost for tho yacht, but, I am afraid): "got' tho ihonby. on the' -strength of oertain papers from another Brisbane gentleman.1 Tho Count 'was vory profuse with his (?) money, both hero and on tlio; way from Sydney, and ' shouted' champagne :in' thambSt extiAvagarit mariner. ' ; He took nwaywith him, as captain.'of liis yacht, Mr Hamlyn,"lato(of'thc Queonslarid Steafri ' Navigation'; ( Company 'o service, but tlioy fell out at Rockhampton and separated. A young geritldinari threw"up his situation in the Ons- .tom"-hbusb,;Maryhorbugli,: to go "with the count, but lie also'left'the yaoht at'Rockliampton, 'and ' is ""either (hackorori hisSvoyh'ack. "There is Very, little doubt Jlint'we Shall licav of tho 'Ghost' before She gets to Ba- "tayia, supposing tliat to be her .destination ; for she is a'gimcrack criifi;,' arid jt is' urilikoly'the rieivA'ownor wquid'eafo'to go far frorii land in her. 