TEE BEX BIS 0 A DVEBTIisKr. rc?a&i.Kx;:<P'r, ort ifs» Kz*<:'T3i?rt SA.yD3URST, FBI DAT, MAT 1, 1S53 THE 2vEW RAILWAY POLICY. motion hhaeWaSorfed' by ihs Fseiorisa;Ea3 -trcysf Tfcose fscsHtieshave insrer been: verr *rssi. The sains bare do: been very frsgnaai, the rosed not Terr rapid, 1he charge^ not very io"«r, sod bow the ladlraes ;or 13-aveIhrtg are be reduced! There have been nutnercms , chaasres in cormestion with the GoTemmem Babesjs before those just coaeaenced^ Some of r~"s charges bare b&ea; increase*!; tne j priT2sge:-*£ •|«r«Hs?"'&t;*sea 'staiaoa sad | station bv excursion trains nas bean stopped, j SEd no^ ths Saturday _ excursion ^tickets ] are to be abolished, and tie Trains put^untier j Ioc& and bey on a Sunday. The plea for aL xhis is that "tie changes are designed to nia^e ! lie raSwsy5 t»t. Nothing can be said, against ih"eint£nSoh,~but the dssrabaSity o: that grragn ' effect may —ell be questioned. Extnoin.* s n T-r,a oolj'tiiag to be 'oonadsr&d; .in connection with the Government Bs2*ay=. They were 1 construct&d; for the public convenience, ana under me' belief that although they would not at first prove directly remunerative, ins lo^ -would W a gain to" the country in „i?is *»7— that tae cost of tie carriage of goods and tae ex->ense of traveTiing wjld be reduced. The < effect ~ of the new policy "*31 bs that upwards or eight raSlions of money caring been expended to obtain certain advan tages, the benefit of that expenditure _ is to be in a measure lost, because ^ it^ is^ desirod to i reduce expenditure. The desirability of ren dering the railways .as nearly remunerative as possible by economical working is oe —ond dispute, but the exercise oi econom. must be regulated by the convenience of the public—that is, it is better thai. tf» State should suffer some loss than that, after an ex oendirure of eight millions, the public should not obtain the advantages they desire. Ir the ordinal cost of the railways is to »nn _ a permanent obstacle to allowing ihs public the iadEtiss they require, then it is time at once to consider what should be done -with the rail wan. If the realisation of the required revenue and the according the public reasonable facilities cannot f be reconciled, some great .change is requisite. ' ... _i The in;"g*' .difficulty consists in toe cost of the lines, for which the present ad ministrator of the Department of Pcsibrays is in no -srav rssponsiole } bm lie is responHole for the fact that the earnings are not greater. It is "as possible to feolitate the .balancing of the railway" accounts by iscreasing the earnings, as bv reducing the expenditure ; and the public cs i at all events object that tne latter conrss | Ehould be had recourse _to until the | -former"'has ~liScr 'pc6p$f~~iteaSaa ' a«rotedrj to it. We do not kno-* thst under i pr.v circujnstances the very moderate ad vantages which the public possess should be reduced, bat under no circumstances should this be attempted until other expenses ha-re been dealt -srith, and an attempt been made to increase the revenue. There are_direciions-in ■which reductions could easily be enected. There are stations where they are not wanted, csnifidon at a great cost, and there are more trains than are at all requisite. To an economy which aims , at altering this we have nothing to object^ ! and therefore we, can understand the ^wisdom 'V. mthdiiwiiig ihs three o'clock afternoon mix«i Wa^n, as is proposed, and the making the mid-day train a mixed train. This is rational economV, 'because it' any inconvenience, should ensue: it *31" be very slight compared -*rith the advantage obtained^ But we insist that before the Saturday excursion tickets were abolished, and the railwavs altogether sealsd on a Sunday, an attempt should hare been made to increase the ; earnings. That much, could be effected in | this way, there is no doubt. ^ Let us give an illustration of bow this is not ! done. A person wishing recently to forward a | small mob of horses to Melbourne, inquired at [ the Sandhurst Railway Station at what cost I thev would be carried. He was informed, and [ replied that this was the price for a single horae, ! but that as he had several he supposed the charge would be reduced. He was told ibat there.- .was no. jsuch - thing, as .a rebate - for quantity; and, being indisposed to pay the demand, the horses were sens to. Melbourne by the road. This is one or many instances, and it seems to ghow that the authorities hare not made those efforts- to increase the revenue which should precede the attempt to reduce the expenditure , at . the cost of the public con venience. ., The fatal defect n tha management or the railways is this,—that no one connected with them has a sufficient interest in developing the traffic"} and it is to this &a;* Mr. Sullivan shoold direct his attention, and not to the cheese-parmg economy of which we now hare a sample. Were, the railways in the hand^of lessees -theincoms would be much increased,- these persons would have an interest in making -them profit able. . ' But ; under - the; . system, no one is interested , in besurxinS;. aeli, and, as a consequence, a large revenue?is lost. We are' not arguing that the railway* should ba leased but pointing . .out: "-one of lie mon serious defects of ike present Tn.nan-pTaeiit. And let us point oai one other fact in conaeictson wiih tins subject. There is alsrsT-s a vast readiness to study economy at tbe expense of the minor pent, but why no: in f>i4 instance strike high instead of loir! In ad dition to a Cc.minisaoner o! Railways, we baT® a Secretary, TrsSc Superintendent, said Inspec-. tor. 2\ow, ire s&ould; like to know the neces atr for sB tisese oficlals, and what snScient services they' render for their " salaries. Before tie g-ri-fing fadlifes for travelling are carisSe^. tais, szid .Vin^rfd .^aroga&iajre; fboakl. "be TaqtSrai- intaJ is monstrous i&at; tie lines be locked* tp'mi SiaiifejL-snd-es?&r; '53!t~as~the trj£hs 'are now ran. Kd a train lei-re th» -termini so Me 'tojiae. Saturday that ■5Er»i^ifiS"Saa£cting their business, as is the : case in England, conld psocsad to Melbourne, ihij-e would be less to "be said, bat to close tzia raHwavs from aboat seven on Sitarday evening SI sbsut ball-oast six on Monday morning, is siffDly monstrous. ' Misrsc Leases.—VTe are glad to letrn that the Mlnins Department ka?resolve_d on enforcing tbe labst eavmnats of .all the, lessss ia tbe Sandhurst district, and that tbe lessees Trill be required to work the lands they hold ioiic jidt or relinquish them. It if commonly urged as an excuse, w'nea lessee sre called upon to show cause why their leases shonld not be forfeited for non-performanc of the labor covenants, that .they,.. m*£- prevented .from -Horixag by- reawa of 'tbe -infer of •srs.ter. This is often, a> donbt, true; because of thewint of combination.'-'amongst tie miners no eminent machinery is erected to drsia. the reefs saigas Jons as the lessees are not ob%ed to combine liable dsims'wSl be. sHpweaf"to remain cn 'worked. Indipdad cases Will not iu future be fieslt with, but a rnle w31.be'made tmder whish leases Trill be d&dared; void if tie covenants be no: faiaUed- Let trsJiope also, that there will be "less cfperaanri representstioni at the Mining Derrartmest than tbere bas been. Sxtbhtbst Cniccix CorsT.—The criminal snd dvil winas of this court'were- brottgnt a> a c.ase iart ni-zhtT Wong Ah Haa_a Chinaman, was i"dic3ed for wounding mtb: intent to murder Bstbatl MfJulloch, servant to Mr McrcOtt.. agent e or-the Bank of Victoria at Epsxn./ TEe'-oseace took vises in January iast. " Prosecutrix would not swear positively that tie prisoner was the min who- bad committed tbe • ontraare, but sne tor.ti-re in her belief that he was the tnaa, 1-Z reft of the evidence was circumstantial A ver dict of not gmity was returned by the jury; ana that conduded.the criminal business. A Wxzsisg to Bij^d Lovii?.—At the Circuit Conrt vesterdsy Thomas Jane:- Morgan, a Welst^ maa and widower, saw! a spinster named Hannah Beeves for the sum of L4So l&s; Sd, money lent. The circumstances of the case, as snown by tne eTideaee. were that Mor^sn. on rc303Hnsnd3« don'of Darid Beeves"Vsat Hannah wotdd make him a capital wife, introduced himseL. to -er, snQ ; bavins faaeied her from the nrrt-be fanned his i vonthlol love into a viokat dame. In thu j frsiiced sts.te of nns^j crgsd bv tne srsnue prr I snssions of hit lady-love, he lent her;Ll20 to puy I an allotment in Ilargresves-sa-eet. Caitiemame, i 33d she sizned'an agreement to pay nim interest I iar the monev for two years, which time has not vet expired. 'His lore, if possible, grew stronger tnn more blind, and he htiiit a house on her pro p^rtv. in which thev were" to reside after %^3 were'married, the indncecent to build being a promise on her part that she wonld marry nun as ioou as it was finifhed. Bat_ the too eoniramg Morgan was Goomcd io bave his cup of oappmess daibed to the ground as be was raising it to his lip» for she, faithless woman, after the boose was j completed, refused to marry him, and would come j to no settlement relative to the property^bence 1 the present law proceedings.. Plain tin now aSrmed that the money for the house was not a sift, bnt was lent to defendant; tbe defence, wa= that it was a present made by a lover to his sweetheart. This view of it was taken by tne assessors, and a verdict was given in favor or defendant- Two female witnesses were_ called, who trave evidence that in a conversation with defendant she had said she was merely holding nlaintiS on until he had finished the house, when she wonld snzp her fingers at him, as she never intended to marry him, and fce could not recover Jxom 06 ii?wl ootQiiiS"^ -"Hott Tks TotcsTHEB Ktri.ES did not turn ont yesterday in such number- as they usually do to their weekly parides, as the weather previous to the hour of assem bling looked rather threatening. The com pany, under the command of Captain Joseph, hav- j iaz teen exercised in the " manual and platoon" , were drilled in light infantry movement, the saa- • divirfons. under "toe respective charges oi Lieu ^pnants Blackham and Bartrop, acting alternately | as skirmishers and supports. Skirmishers hi-rinH : been thrown out they advanced tnrongh j Charing Cross, Hit-h-street, Forest-street, Kowan-street, and back 1? the Orderly- | -room. . Varions evolutions " "were r ^perfbrmed I •era - the; "way"' "by " the""' bugle" call, _ such as relieving skirmishers baited and advancing, form* j ins on supports on the alarm, changing front 1 the. whole of, the movements being .eiecnt 1 witba predsion and smartheM that indicate^ i marked improvement in their; knowledge of the i drill. Prior to dismissal Captsdn Joseph read a telezTim from Colonel"Buil, 'which stated that that=officer would hold his usual monthly parade in Sandhurst, next Thursday.. 7. - i" "PrnESTZiASisk is the Daes-—Just as "pale. j Cynthia''had ,set in the west, and the. corporation I lainDS began "to supply her place in their own : poor wsv° a foot-race; by candle-light came off in Hargreaves - street lately, bet ween an amateur cham pion from Baywood, and'anotber doughty knight who hailed from old Bendigo, and was determined to do italtle to the-last in-itS; behalfr:/The champbc ?, not ekd in mail, imt In the more modern shirt ati-i trousers, started from TFilliamson-street, and made to a point- opposite.the.Crown Hotel, where the judges stood, the goal being ,illuminated by «the light ofVs lantern ."durily burning"—the light of which its bolder declared wonld ^be quenched if the start were" not effected in a short time. ■ We are glad to state, however, that that calamity did not occur. t'.The lamp held out to burn" until the champion put in an appearance, at the winning-post. It gave op the ghost tben - —perhaps being so affected at the loss of the race by the Bendigo man that .it tbdaght it was time for it to bid this earth adieu, when a Baywood man beat a Bendigo'man- The parties them selves, however, took.a more philosophical view of the matter, and "adjourned "'r'to Ticker" up,"-a proceeding which would no doubt soon c3use the winner's pound-note to-follow in the wake of the candle.-— - The Batwood Boboogh Cocscil met at the omal hour on Wednesday" evening. Present— Tbe Mayor, Councillors Draper,THanrey,; Bray, M'ELay and Mason. Prior to the reading of the" minutes, the Mayor stated that .be had the melan choly duty of 'announdns the death of a member of the Council, Councillor Mallard, which had occurred about two bonrs before, the hour of meeting. ."He (the Mayor) had Seen' intimately acquainted .with .Coandlloi Mallard,-an'd: "was pleased to state that be had always entertained the highest respect:for him, as 3 good citizen,-,and : a good, honorable' rtaa. '" He nbwjwopbsed," as a mark? of - respect, .that .the;Council'-ghonJd; ctand adjourned to Sjjfnrday^. er«Mg;jne^,.ai»d- boped tfrat eich member of the.Council wop\d jitteiidjthe fftn^Vbn ¥riday^ (to-day}.'" "*Rie''mot&i;^'Vas seconded by Councillor M'Kay^ and -unaaiinoTMly adopted. The Council then .adjourned. • -'Cheat Eztekdeo Cokpast, Victoeia Beep. —A meeting of the shareholders of this company was held bat night at the Fire loons Hotel; but tbe proceedings were of a private nature. "1. ' Wabdes's Coobt,—There was only one case before the Warden yesterday, which was post poned to Monday next, viz., O'Brien v A Hing. j 