CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, NEW ? ? CASTLE. ?? ORnlWATION AND BECOONITJON SERVICES. The present week has witnessed a series of services of unusual interest, and importance, in connection with the Congregational Churcti, Bruwn-atruet ; we allude, of o-nirao, t6 tho ordination And' recognition, by tho Christina friends who worship at tha Rev. Mr. Gainford's old church, of Mr. T. J. Pepper, from Cauideu College, Sydney,, who has this week been solemnly and publicly net apart for tha_work of tlio Christian minutry, nnd ordained to the pastorate of the Brown-street church. The ordina tion service was held on Tuesday evening, in tho presence ot a numerous congreguxion, ine-cnurcn being neatly filled. ' Near thepulpit we noticed the following miniatew, via., the IW. S. C. Kent; .of Newtown ; the Roy. Mr.- Frazer,* of ;Balnluin ; the Itev. T. Giiinford/of Woollahaw, the Rev. T. Hill, of West Mnitlaud i tho Rev. C. Otdpn (Wealoyan) ?, tho Rev. Mr. M-in*tou'(Baptist) ; ahdth.e'RoV^W. Bain (Presbyterian^.) ;.'?.,. '. , Tho service was opened by the Rev, Mr. Hills, wiio, after the singing of a hymn/engaged in prayer, and read the 3rd chApter of . the First Epistle of ijimothy. ' \- The Rev. J. G. Fraaer, M. A.:,- 'then '.rose andide livorod the introductory discourse usually preached on such occasions.. The sermon,, which was a most powerful and eloquent one, ' was an 'elaborato ex position of the viuws hold by, Congregutionaliflta, _aa a hody, respecting tlio Christian nimialry' ' ' ; ', Thu -Rev. T. Gainford next proceeded to put the customary 'Queationa'Vto' Mr. Pepper, which the Utter gentleman answered in a very satisfactory manner. Tito questions and- unswurs were as fol lows :— . . ? -i ' i '?. . . i . - ?. Question 1. — Will you ituteibriefly, the way in' which it pleased God to call- yon by his grace, and to lead you into that work for the whole ''of', which you are this day, by the imposition of hands, to be ?solemnly sot apart 'I ' ' : Mr. Popper rupliod in the following terms : — 'Tho blessing ot^unoaVly ohrwtian.traiuing was granted mo by God at tjiu hands of a pious' uioth&r.; tier instructions and ouiraplt! did much to 'imbue my mind with christiaa principle, which protected mo in a great measure from iudiilgouco in vicious habits. In this way I grew up from childhood to youth, yielding 'an Vuuheaitating .assent to the religious opinions Iliad traditionally recoived from my teachers. As' [became more 'acquainted with moil and books, many of -those opinions wero eagerly canvassed and anxiously pondorod. ., Some of them I could not adopt. The unsettljngjOf. old boliufs is alwavsa critical time id' the gniritiiu'l. history of a young man; and ic.. pleased Gpd abpo.^tlip age -of eighteen, to' permit 'a dark flood of 'doubt to '.encom- pass my soul. it'Vrok.tke mystery of ; the operation iof tho Holy spirit^ tirat' most perplexed 'me. As 1 (could not understand, the.inode, nor have in my own j conscience any palpable. iniinifestatioriof this action 1 1 was led to doubt of tlie fact altogether. 'Mistrust | of so- important a doctrine soon BJiook' my faith in ; the' scriptures themsolves as a divino,.reyelation of 'truth. For some months I. was. deeply agitated in mind, and endured a conflict the .sharpness of which .can never be forgottenV TJE- 1 recollect aright I first found anchorage for my troubled spirit by reading H. Rodgers's ossay qiit^ledj ?' Reaso^ratid Faith.' The principles of common '? sense applied' to religion, so ably expounded by that writer,!in this and other of his writings, particularly the iV Eclipse of Faithj' wonderfully cleared my mental vision, jt-aaw that reason had a certain- definite function Co pcrforni.'in tho investigation of truth,- and that in«:the exercise of that f unction-sh'e' won safe ; but that, no sooner did she intrudo on the domain 'of faith thaii her steps' faltered and she became bewildered. This had been my error, and F-thank God that at that crisis ho led me. to the_writihgs'c-f one so peculiarly fitted to combat such a mistake. 'Aboutfthistime, or rather a little later, when' my view's wore getting somewhat settled, a friend took me 4-VfieJar the Rev,. -Dr. Cumming, of Crpwh'Courfc. ~ His style of preaching attracted me, and hi8iargnmeutatrve;inetlfod of pre senting truth was well suited . io'.iny then, state of mind. I remained under hiaMiniBtiy until I loft England, and in that period my'.m'md became con firmed in the faith..*Ou my urrfvalinHobirtTown 1 attended tlio ministry of the Rev. Mr.Nicholson, one of,th«rJiresbyteriau ministers of tlie plu.ee. It wa»'then a matter of regret' thai .my preference lod me to attend the services ,or a xlonpiUjnuticin whose church policy I did not agree with. If prevented mo from uniting myself with tho- fbllo'w'shftj of Christ, and laid me opiJn to temptations I should otherwise have avoided, y However, -.during' tlie whole bf my residence in Hobnrt Town I was a Sabbath School teaeher in connection with Mr. Miller's Church. This division of f eelingceased when, after, two years, I arrived in Sydney, a'ndJ joined ?- the' ;'Pitfc«tieot Church, then under the care of tho Rov.-W. Onth bortson. 'After working fort some tim6 in tho Sabbath Sohool, I was requested to.coiiduota.Bervice at Petersham. With some hesitation and nervousness I complied, for taken in connection with-;secret thoughts entertsinod for long yeaTs p'reviously, 1 thought it Jnight be th«. finger of God indicating to mo His will. I soon became regularly QOguged.as a, ? preacher in connection with the Congrl'gational Kv'ungolist's Association. TJie work I fonnd/tp be congenial to my tastes, and thought often. humbled, yet I received bucIi evidences of the acceptability of my labours as encouraged me to persevere. When my late f olio w-studenta Messrs. Rosebyj and Maxwell were accepted as candidates for the ministry, I wub asked by a ministurial friend, now present, whether my views and feelings pointed in the same direction, . and in that event ho advfsed me to make application^ for the purpose of joining''them!. : I did so, and was; accepted. Since that timt) Icontibued.that course of study at Camdon College which has jnsfrterminated. - ' Qobsm'on 2.— Will you further atate what conj stituted your leading motives for 'desiring tlie work; of the ministry 1 '?? '' u . : ' , . ».i 2 ; Mr, Popper : It was anveorly. fancy of -my child hood that I should become a minister, which unlike most childish fancies, deepened into a- settled con viction years - before the openings of Providence made it even probable. I felt-sure that if in my case this way of serving God was in accordance with his will these openings would appear, and that my duty was to watch and wait for them, so that « lion the circumstance arose which I have' already described, I took thorn to be the' answer of God to ray. secret .conviction, and that it was ray -Juiy to' enter into his service in this capacity.- 1 believe my supreme motive is a strong/aesire to glorify His name by being Instrumental in saving souls. The power of influencing others for good has always seemed to me to be one of tho noblestgifts of God to man, and the one to be most earnestly coveted and cherished. And in no walk of life fire there finer opportunities for the excersise of that gbWor, or. more certain pros, pects of success, than thosuYoase'ssad by the Chris tian ministry. With, these feelings ..UtywejBo'iight to devote my life to tlio -lischarga bf its 'duties. QujsbctoR- 3'.— Will you give a condensed outline 'bf what you Wlieve to bo tho great truths of lleve lation, which yon will seek to embody, .it* your future teaching and preaching.- — ? ? ' '''' Y ,i. \ f ?: Mr. Pepper .: In endeavouring to give a condensed outline of my views of Divine truth; it is not my in tention to include all that I believe, but to give a brief summary of those truths which I believe are most prominently set forth in Holy Scripture. I believe in one eternal ,and, infinito God, by whom all things wore created fend^re upheld ; tha';' he is a Spirit in whom every inoral perfection is found, and who is tho source of all good. I believe that lie Joas revealed himself in a Trinity of Puwons, 1 boartag the numus in Suripturu of tho Fathor, thu1 iScUjj'iind thu Holy Ghost ; that tho Sou was pro mised in thu first declaration of morcy, aftor man had sinned, to be tho Saviour of thu world ; that in thu fullness of time lie cinie, Suing inadu flesh and dwelt among moil ; that he fully revealed tho love of the FtitSiur to men, and then by hid death became ' Author of utornul salvation unto all thut obey him ;' ' thut lie roue from the dund and iis centloil to tho ri;;ht hand of God, ovor living to muko intercession for us.' I believo th.it, thu salvation thus brought by Christ is to be urgently prossad upon, the titteiitioa of all for their instant aucupt iince. That is one of tho chief duties of tho Chris tian Ministry, to publish tho message, of mercy, 'That whosoever . believed on Christ might not perish, but have oveilas ting life.' I bolievo that as tho fluad of tho human race, Christ made an atone ment by his death for the sins of tho whole world — that Ho, by tho grace of God, tasted death for ovory mail. I boliui'o thut tho office of the Holy Spirit in redemption, is to renew tho spiritual nature, producing .repentance towards God. and faith towards our Lord Jesus Christ, That his energy is essential to conversion, and that all good works are tho fruit of Iu3 operation ; that ho dwells in tho soul of a believer, that ho may bo sanctified and made meet for tho inheritance of tho Buints in light. 1 believo' that thu economy of redemption became necessary in consequence of thu fall si\f iv-« it frt\\*\\\ Iiw /ti'iikiitn I urn tit t\t ii\t\i'\ft.%r\n\t whereby, ho became subject to tho cuwe of death, both of body and soul. . I believo that Christ gavo command for the establishment of an institution called the Church, which should consist of all'thosu who are elect according to tho foreknowledge Of God the Father, through sanctitication of thu Spirit, unto obodionco and sprinkling of tho blood of .Jo, us Christ. That church is the pillar and ground of truth, by its faithful witnessing for Christ 'in thu world. Lastly, I believe Christ ^will come in tho glory of the Father to reward overy muu according to. his works ; that ho will then judge the quick ami the dead, sentencing ' to everlasting punishment those who have done wickedly, and rewarding his saints with eternal life ;,that there shxll bo it resur rection of tlio dead botii of the just and of tho un just. / . ,' Question' 4. — How do you propose to discharge your ministerial-'work, and to conduct yoursull in public, social;-lind private lifo. Mi'. Pupp^r : It is my intention, by tho help of God, to strive earnestly for thu salvation of sunls, and, for this end, to prominently set forth tho work and atonement of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the grace and lovo of God for tho encouragement of tho sinner to apply to him for pardon.. ? I hope to con tribute, ub far an opportunity and ability will allow, to the advancement of every oifurt' calculated to promote tho moral and spiritual improvement of the community. I shall endeavour to follow peace tvith all men, and to cultivate charity and fraternal regard for those who dill'er from me in'opiiiion and belief. Tho Rev. Mr. Kent, from Newtown, Sydney, offered up tho ordination prayer, during which tho ceremony of tho imposition ot hands took, place, tho \- Llovs.f Mr. Johnson, Frasser, Gainford, and Kent laying hands on the candidate. Tho ordination prayer being concluded — Tho lCuv. Mr.,Johnsou, of Sydney, then ascondod. the pulpit an(l'deliveredwhat is termed 'the charge' to tho newly-appointed minister. The rov. gentle man took' as tho basis of his remarks the loth verse of tho 4tl: chapter of tho 1st Epiatlo to Timothy : — u Meditate upon thos,e. things'; give thysolf wholly 'to them, that thy profiting may appear to all.' lu tho course of u veryabln address, tho rov. gentle man earnestly and affectionately exhorted tho itev. Mr. Pepper to act up to the apostolic advice. Among other things, ho urged on his brother tho necessity of kcoping his heart right with God. lie recommended him to muko the Biblo his principal study ; ho would not have him nogloct to ruad other books, but tho Bible was above all. He re commended him also to study man — not only man in tho abstract, but men in their individual charac ter. Especially would he' havo him study thu, people ovor whom he hud just been appointed. It was (very * important that hoj should study their want3, \their tempers, their temptations and trilli on 1 ties, for\ b,y bo doing ho woual acquire a moru effective stylo'-, of -ipiaisieriug totthetn. He would impress on hisVypuug, brother tholfuct, that ho was mainly to bo a^ pieacfttrf. ' Under \thia division of his subject, thi 'njWker urged Mr. Puppor to preach sense, to VeJ ierious and devout in tho work, and kind and jffectionate in his man ner. He was not expected to 'bo brilliant or origi nal, but he must bo sensible. Common sense was a commodity that was always in demand, but no where more so than in thu pulpit. But ho must not only bo sensible, he must be serious. Every ?sermon should bo largely charged with the result of serious thought— the very -beat material of his own- mind. Every '-discourse should bo well con sidered, and tho gospel'yof Jesus Christ should be prominently set for^i in it. But hia young brother would ulso have to be earnest in his work and affec tionate in his manner.l He would havo many hos tile hearers, and it waaVelhtlierefore that he should double-shot his guns. If the tVue minister of God folt tho importance of his work ho would be sure to speak effectively, because he would speak persuasively. Ho hud always noticed thut those ministers who charged tlioir sermons most with the converting elu ment wore tho mostaeuccussful in winning souls to Christ. The old ' subjket, of regeneration by tho spirit, the ruin of mankind by sin,' and their re demption by Christ weroVl'vvays new, and could not bo too frequently dwelt upon. They were old, but not worn out. But ho was to be a pastor as well us a preach or, a friend as woll as a minister. It was npcessary therefore, {hat he should make his people feel that he was worthy of their confidence. He must nover sink the minister in the gentleman. Ho would, as a matter of course, be a gentleman every where ; but ho would bo something more, ho would be the faithful minister of the gospel of Jesus Christ. The rov. gonoleman proceeded at some length to enjoin upon tho Rov. Mr. Pepper the necessity for redeeming his time — of setting himself wholly apart —of doing his work in a dovotibnal spirit — and of paying great attention to the duties of prayer. The longer he lived the more- was lie convinced of the importance of prayer, in connection with tho work of tho Christian ministry. ' The rev. gentlomnn gave several examples of the power of prayor. Ho con cluded his very excellpnt and practical address by dwelling on the motives which\ should prompt a minister to be faithful in tho discharge of his duties. Heiioped God would give his brother graco ..to be useful, bo that his profiting ' might appear before men. Ho would have him always feel that he failed in the highest purpose as a chaistian minister, if he , failed to lead tho people nearer to Christ. He con cluded by again invoking God's blessing on Mrr Pepper's labours,, and reading aomo appropriate veraea from the Psalms. ', , ' . A hymn was then sung,. and the proceedings were directly after brought to a close by tho Rbv. Mr. Pepper engaging in prayer, and pronouncing tho benodiotion. ' _ ' On the following evening (Wednesday) a recogni tion teamoeting was held in the schoolroom, under the church, to welcome tho Rov. T. J. Pepper, as tho pastor of the ohurch over which ho had been ap pointed on the previous evening. Tho tea was numerously attended, and in evury ruspect was a complete success. Tho arrangements wore admirable, and the. greatest satisfaction was expressed.. The tea, as usual, was followed by a public mooting in tho church, presided over by Oapt. Charles Robertson. After a hymn had been aung, and prayor had bean offered by the Rev. S, O. Kent, Tlie Chairman rose arid briefly stated the business of tho meeting. They.were met as a church upon a very important occasion. The last time they had met together publicly was when thoir lato pastor, the Rev. Mr. Gainford, was about leaving thorn. For a considerable time they had been without a minister, but at length in the Providence of God ihoy had been led to make choice of another. Ho thought ho ex pressed the sentiments of the wholo church when ho iordlally welcomed tho Rev. Mr. Pepper to the pas- . torateof the church, 'pmiaedhim that they — ^^— — — — ? ? would do everything in tlioir power to uphold his hands and aaaut him in his labours. (Hear hoar and upplaiiBO ) Tho chairman tliou alluded to tho gruat sorvicu tho lluv. Mr. Kent had conferred on tho ehurch, ami passed u high oulogiuiu on that Koutlumun.. Ho expressed also liis pleasure at seein' so iimuy clergymen of other churches present ? thuir prusonce on such mi occasion was very opportune and would tend to benefit tho city at lar-u. As there wero a nnmbor of gentlemen to address tho mootintr ho should not detain them longur. Capt. Robert sou thou ruail letters of apology from tho Rov Mr Coutts and thu Uov. Mr. liaiu, after which he called on tho Rev. Air. Johnson, of Sydney, to move the first resolution. Tue Rbv. Mr. Johnson, on rising, was received with upplauso. Ho said tho resolution put into hia ? hands was as follows : — - Tlmt thin church nml congregation desire to accord their BmtitiHte to AlmiKhty U.)«l for His j;o».hm,., ,lnd merlyZ the past, an. for the preaorvatinn of \,ence nml harmony' which pi-oviul ttinoiii; its moinbfiK ; as ,Uao its uim.iin.oua nml m-Mt cunlml-iiuil heart fait welcome to the Itev T J Pepper us their future jmstor. This wns a proper and a right thinij to do, and that ~'N was thu propur time to do it. As a 'church, God had ' led them' by a path they know not, and it was becoming on their part to acknowledge his goodness. Those who wero grateful for tho past wor-Tlikely to obtain fresh supplies in tho future. Thu second part of tho resolution expressed grulitudo for the pence and harmony which had prevailed in tlioir midst. Ho was glad to hoar that such hud buun tho case ; it was something for \rhiuh they hail gruat cause to ba thankful. His advice was— see to it thut they kept bo. Andif thare had been any little bickuriujjlot thorn buryj it in so doop a grave us to prevent its ever riuiii;r again. The nev. gentleinmi proceeded to urge on tho church tho great importance of preserving pouco, and pointed out tho way in which it miyht bo doiio. Referring to thu lust clause in thu resolu tion ho said ho was glad the ' wulcomo' was ' una nimous.' Ho asked them not to think of tho Rev. Mr. Popper us a green student, but as one who was regarded us being fully qualified for his work. Ho hud had ample opportunities of judging, and ho believed tlio Rov. Air. Pepper would bo a great cruilit to his tutors and an ublo minister of tho gospel. They wore quite content to havo him us tho ropresentiitTvo of Congregationalism in New castle. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion, tho Rev. Mr. Johnson assured the meeting of his sympathy with thuui in thoir welfare, and expressed tliB hope thut the church would soon have to be enlarged and put in proportion, by kuueking the, end wall out, and carrying it further back. (Applaiwu.) The Rev. T. Gainford, who was vory cordially received, seconded tho resolution moved by tho Rev. Air. Johnson. He was glud that God hud heard their prayers and sent them a pastor. Seven years ago, when he took chargu of tho church, it numbered only nine mombera — now they had eighty on tho roll. He had great faith in tho work of tho church in this rising city, and lie prayed that God would abundantly bless thu labours of his friend and brother, tho Rbv. Mr, Pepper. As to the welcome, ho coul«l spouk from experience, and say that tho people meant what they said. And if tho Rov. Mr, Pepper was young in appearance, ho hoped they would find ho wa» mighty in the Scrip tures. Ho prayed earnestly, that if spared to meet again, that the occasion might bo tho enlargement of tho church. He had great pleasure in isuconding tho resolution. Tlie Chairman then put tho resolution to tho incut ing, and it u-.-ts uurriod unanimously, Tho Rov. G. T. 1'Yiiiior, of Bulmain, rose to move tho second resolution. Ho was glml to havo an opportunity to bear testimony to hia friend and brother, tho Rov. Mr. Popper. After inentiotiinj! thu number of ministers that hud been prepared for their work inCumdeu College, and soliciting tho prayers of his hearers on behalf of that institution, the Rov. Mr. Frazer wunt on to speak of his own connection with Air. Popper, us tutor in Cnmden College. Ho hud known Mr. Popper now for somii time, he had seen him under all circumstances, and ho could not look back upon one word or onu occurrence with feelings of regret, with the single exception thut so able u scholar should not have hud a jnoro able teacher. (Applause.) The resolution ho had to movo wus a follows : — ' Thnt this church nml congregation, whilst expressing their tlmnkn to the Grout Heuil of the cluuch for giving them a imstor, who shall go in nml out uinong them, ad ministering the lirciul of Life, uml Christian counsel nnd »yiii[-ftthy ,- hereby fledges itself to niil uml siipport him in Ins lnliimi'K for the promotion of tho cituse of ClniKt in this church, by thciv lunyeis, oi-- opemtiou, ami contribu tions, and by all menus in their power. v The resolution cxprcaaly promised co-operation and support to their now minister. Much was promised, but he believed they meant overy word that it con tained. Tho rev. gun t Ionian proceeded, in an aWe address, to nrgo upon tho members of the church tho duty of dividing the work. Ho related onoor two amusing anecdotes to illustrate his meaning. Allusion had boon mado to Air. Popper's youth, He was reminded of a certain ambassador who, being . upbraided with his youthful appearance, replied that if his Sovereign had thought it Was » beard that was required ho .would have sent a goat, (Laughter and applause.) He concluded by wishing them God-speed, and praying thnt God might abun dantly bless-both Air. Popper and tho church over which ho hud been appointed. He begged to move the resolution' he had read. The Rev. Mr. Pritchard (Primitive Methodist , minister) seconded the resolution. Ho was vnry pleased to welcome Mr. Popper to Newcastle, and ?hoped that his labours might bo crowned with abundant success. The resolution spoke of God having given them a pastor. Ho hoped thuv would all recognise that fact, and receive tha Rev. Mr. Pepper as a man of God, and continue to regard him 'as such. (Heur, hear.) Their pastor might doom it necessary sometimes to oppose their views, but ho would lore them nono the less, Ha urged upon the church not to forgot this, and re marked that, although they might dill'er around the vestry table, they ought always to bo one at tho Throne of Grace. On the Sabbath ho would -have i them come from their closets to the sanctuary, j and not from tlioir bods ; the sermons would not then appear so dull, or tho service so heavy. Aftor a fow further remarks in tho same strain, Mr. Pritchard concluded by seconding tho resolution, which was thereupon put nnd curried. Tho Rev. Air. Popper, at tho request of tho chair man, then briefly addressed tho mooting. In a few well- turned sentences he thanked the church for - ; the confidence they had placed in him; and trusted ? that by dependence upon God ho might provetothe -i world that their confidence had not been misplaced. ^j He did not come among them expecting great .:'?! things, but he did hope to build up some stones in tho '{{ great spiritual house of his Heavenly Father. 'Ho Ej trusted also, that through his feeble instrumentality :; j many sinners might bo called from darkness into ;| the maTvellons light of the gospel.. He felt hia ? j] great responsibility, and only entered upijn the -. work relying on strength from above. He accepted ''' the resolutions thut had been passed, and looked , ; j upon them as the earnest of what the people intend /J*- dod to do, . '' ' I /\'\ Tho Rev. T. Hills thon moved the third wsolu- i tion, as follows : — * ' \ ?? ' That ratujmuch br there in a fcalanco^.of about. £150 still ; owing on tho pastor's home, it ia highly ilesinitlathat thii | eiioumberahce bo no longer allowed to tonmin, that with our new pastor we might bo able to at ait with Afrtelchurch anil'ufjreehouat, thnt our future: efforts may ;not be clojfged by thia old-utuudiag debt, nor our progress impeded there by, r The Rov. Mr. Kent, of: Newtown, seconded the resolution. He was delighted to be with them on ,. that occasion, and to know that, in tho providence , of God, a brother whom ho knew and loved so well V as the Rev, Mr. Pepper, had boon placed oVer them. : : Thoy were all very much mistaken about his ago and dimensions. (Laughter.) Ho was suprised / at their carnality in attempting to measure a man ; by the bulk of his bodyT (Much laughter.) M.thoy \ did so Dr. Watts recommended and moasured him '? by his soul ; they would find, tliat he was anything ; s but a little man, but on tho contrary, that he hud a ;? soul largo enough to hold them all, and to ? love thorn all. (Applause.) Napoleon was » I little man, but ho was a great conqueror ; J lie hoped his brother might prove tho same by j winning many souls to Christ. Neither had they » ' ., -iv '?? got a half man. They hud »ot a whole man, who fmil brought his wife with him. (Much upplujnu.) He (Mr. Kent) was ordained when he was twenty-, ono yean of ftjj°- but hip brother W113 thirty-two,, and had had much experience. With respect to th debt he hoped sincerely it would bo wipud off, iu' it would be an oxcellent way of showing by thuir actions what thoy hud already expressed in words.' ' After, somo further observations the rev. gtmtloman re sumed his seat, warmly applauded. The resolution wus thou put and carried unani mously. ' ?' The Chairman mentioned that one member of tho congregation, who hud on two previous occasions ' given £10 to this same object, hud expressed his willin»niias to give another £10 if a determined effort was made to clear off the debt. ? ' . : The Rev. Mr. Moreton next moved, nnd Mr. Thompson seconded a. vute of thanks to the ladies for getting up the - tea. The motion was pass '4 unanimously. 1 ' . : A vote of thanks to the speakers was then proposed ? by Mr. Lainj; and seconded, by Mr- Leiris. It waa duly responded to by the Jtev. Mr. Kent, who at ?' the same time moved a vote to tue enmrmau. ine lj,ev. T. Givinford seconded the idQtiou, which, having . been put by tlie Rev. T. HillB, w:i9 carried by .accla mation. . ? .. Mr. Taylor informed, the mooting that he wonh make another one to give t'10, if tho debt was cleared right ou' in three months. Hu also mentioned that he had a number of promiasury note forms which, any member of the congregntion could have on ap plication for thorn, and lill up for any amount they could afford. The doxolojjy was then sung,' and the Kbv. Mr. Pepper pronounced the benediction, which brought theao interesting services to a close. During the evening the choir, assisted by musical friends from other churchus, sang several antliems and other pieces in a very pleasing and effective ?tyle. ? ' 