Varieties. What is the difference between a barber and a mother? — One has razors to shave and the other baa shavers to raise. An honest Hibernian, in a company who blamed the clergy for taking the tenth part of the people's property, exclaimed, 'Ay, they would take a twentieth if they could.' An Irishman employed in a shop in New York was delighted by tho entrance of an old aequaiutance. After ten minutes' jollification the friend left, when Put's employer said to bim, ' So, Pat', you knew that person in the old country, did you ?' ' Och, an' sure did I an* it's a lucky day I mot with him here. It's a fine boy he is, wid all his family. His grand father was a gineral, his father was a gineral, utd he'd been a ginaral, himself if he had not tome away-' ' But what was he after in your tockets P I thought I saw bim put his fingers here rather slyly.' Clapping his hand to bis octet, Fat ascertained that both watch and arse were missing. ' Oh, murther,' he cried, esticulating like a whale with a dozen har bans in his side; ''the thafe, tbe spalpeen ! I new him well, wid all his family. His grand fther was banged, his father was banged, and he'd been banged hisself if he had not run away.' A stage Ghost. — A numerous story of a stage 'ghost is told in Raymond's ' Life of Elliston,' aided by an illustration from the etching needle of George Craikshank, executed in quite bis happiest manner. Dow ton. the actor, performing a ghost part — to judge from the illustration, it must have b?eo the ghost in * Hamlet,** bat the teller of the story does not state formally that such was the fact — hail of course to be lowered in the old-fashioned way through a trap-door in the stage, his face being] turued towards the audience. Elliston and De Camp, concealed beneath the stage, bad provided themselves with small rattan canes, and as their brother actor slowly and solemnly descended, they applied their sticks sharply and rapidly to the calves of his legs, unprotected by the plate armour that graced bis shins. Poor Dowton with difficulty pre eerred bis gravity of countenance, or refrained from the utterance of a yell of agony wi.ile in the presence of the audience. His lower limbs, beneath the surface of the stage, frisked and curvetted about ** like a horse in Ducrow'g arena.** His passage below was maliciously made as deliberate aa possible. At length, wbelly let down, and completely oat of sight of the audience, be looked round the obscure regions beneath the stage to discover the base perpetrat-rj cf the outrage. He was speech less with rage and burning for revenge. Elliston and his companion had of course vanished. Unfortunately, at that moment otyrfwi Holland, another member of the com pany, pplendidjy dress* 0, appeared in sight. Tbe enraged Dowton. mistaking his man, and believing that Holland's imperturbability of waa assumed, and evidence of his guilt, seized a mop at that moment at hand immersed awry dirty water, and thrusting it in his face, utterly ruined wig. rufies. point lace, and every particular of bis elaborate attire, fit vain Holland protested bis innO' -cenee. and imflored for mewgr; bia cries only «timulated tbe avenger's exertions, and again and again tbe saturated mop did desperate ^Mention ww tbe uabagf? victim'* finery. 