Singular Csise ol' Forcible Ewtry at MlionllKiveu. A FIGHT FOR POSSESSION. Tho ? Sboallmvon News' of Saturday contains the ] report of a case where certain portions wero charged with making a 'orcible entry into a dnellinp- boiise and premises. We extract from the 'Herald' the following abridgment of tbe longtny report which apro irs in the local journal : On the 4th August before Messrs Aldcorn, Gran ville, and Bice, J.l'.'s, at the Nowra Police Court, John Mnnnghnn, James Monaglian C Quilty, 1 liomas M'Brien. James MGuire, sen . James M Guire. juti., Robert Aberdeen, Lachlan M'Kinnon. Thomas Con- nelly, M Rowen, William Cosier Richard Goulding, William M'Guire. Frank M'Guire, and John Campbell, appeared upon warrants, issued at tbe instanco of Robert Williams of Greenhills, Shoalhaven, whose information charged tlio defendants with having on the 28th day of July last, forcibly entering the dwelling house and premises of prosecutor, contrary to tho statutes mado and provided, Mr Thnrlow appeared for tho prosecution, while Mess s. Boborts aud Richard wa'clied thu case on beha f of the whole of tho defendan's A largj amount of evidence was taken, and as it reveals a case of rather a novel kind in these colonies, we copy si me of the most important poitions : — Tbo first witness called was - tlio eircted man Robert WJliam*, who deposed that on the lflth July Inst I took possession of the liouso and land in ques tion ; I remained till the lGth ; on that day, JatncR Monag.han came to tbo liouso and a«ked for Robert O'Neil ; I said he was not there ; I never left the house j ho asked me what I was doing there ; I said I had taken possession ; Monaglian then took me by tbe heelB and dragged 1110 ont ; John Smith was pre sent; after Monaghan dragged mo out. ho shut the place up; Smith and I went away; next day, tbe 17th July, I went back, taking with 1110 my wire, three children, fotmile servant, and a fomalo relative ; I bad also lour paid men 011 the land ; I ploughed the land and planted corn , on tbe 28! Ii of July, while I was at the Court, my family w re in peaceful posses sion ; I bad two men working upon tbo land ; I was concerned in a case tried at the Court ; it was abt.u* 5 p.m. when I left tho Court; I heard aomotbing while I wns at the Court, and asltod several parties to go with me to the house; when I arrived there, 1 found my family in tho verandah ; Jatnes Mopnghan was standing beforo the door, which was sliui ; I asked him to cl:ar the way and let me in ; there was a forest -.f men at that time about tbo bouse ; I took my fri-mds with mo to pr. tect me ; .John iMonngban was insido the house when I got there; outside were Frank M'Guire, James M Guire, of Boolong ; James M''-uirotno general, both tho Monngbans ; those 1 can swear were at the liouso when I went from the Court that day ; James Monaglian was at Court and was bound over to keep tbo pence towards lto thnt day. Thomas O'Brien, Cosier, Ronon, Colliding, J. Campbell, ana Qnilty were all there ; did not notice Connelly or M'Kinnon; they wero thero in tbe day time j my wife told me they were there ; I am not sure of William Campbell being there ; we went tc tbe front door and could not get iu j we then went lound to tbo back ; James Monaglian was Htanding at the door with a stick ; I told somebody to break the ? ^ wrnnmm door in with an axo; asked Monaglian to let tlm -woman m but he said ho Would nut; tlioro wore then a great mob about the place, sUouting and yuU]Z tlioro weie about thirty persons present, they all hail weapons, such as sticks, stones, shingles or piccos of zinc ; James M'Guire. junior ru-1,,1 nt Of my men, made use of some bad wo' s ' ' whore is your party ?' ono of my monsaid 'W wo are;' M'Guire struck one man Xn a L i molSe ensued ; William Cosier said '? is there a°9 stone man among you ?' there was a very largo Lb' James Monaglian rushed and struck ine with a Hirei cornered piece ol sawn stuff; old General Yfr,, was fimging stones at tho women, and would l.avo with a°'sticl- ? ?0m° 0,10 1Stl'Uck 1,i,n down \r\\( ? It ' ' n t know who Struck flown M buu e; the women were struck several times w lh the stones; John ?MomMum *1 / . to shoot people; James Monaglian was behind n',',? rcadv to sn it mo dmv,, „ i,:.. ^ neiiind me, this moment a person in white floorcThim 'i,',' lie fell, my wife s. reamed out, ? Ob inv 7i mans killed;' she referred to Jam'ea Mo a'gl ' hero wore tel. besides myself in my party' bcsulcs live women ; the crowd on tbo 0 1 su,(! kept increasing ; they increased until tho-e were one bundled persons (a laugh) ; Miss Graham my wife, Mrs boddell were there ; I am married to « Graham— one of tbe children of tlio late William Crialiani ; wo had to run away, owing to tbe mob rushing nt us with stones, shingles brickbats, clods, lie. ; Intn now ejected from the place; I had soma working bullocks on tho land at tho time ; it was about 7 o clock at night when wo weie forced to clear away ; on luesday last, tbo 28:h July, James James M Gillie, James Monaglian, and Mrs. Monaglian wero 111 attendance at this Court- I was present on the day. ' In er.s-i-exa.nii.at',' Williams stated that his wife and Mrs Monaglian mother if tho two first named defendants, were i elated, both maiden names being ? Liraba.il ; tlio witness also admitted that lie bad no title deeds, but bad documents, in right of his wife ' however, he refused to produce ; James' ' M Guire, senr,. had been iu possession of the land some eight or ten years, and witness had beon waiting all that timo to get possession. He then stated : I had a mob of people tlioro on the 28th July; they nssemb.cd in tbe evening alter we left the Couit ? there were eleven ol us all told ; my wife and family and servants were also there; the mobs rushed at ench other ; James M Guire was the first to strike a blow; some of our mob we'o paid men ; thero wero three paid men ; employed these men to protect my family ; there was a gun in tbe hense ; my wife did not have the gun in her bands ; she wns whirled out of the house by John Mnna^hnn ; James M'Guire wns knocked down ; he wns not knocked down by a ghost; I bi-lievs I knockod him down; James Monaehan hung on to me with a stick; somebody knocked him down ; heard some say they woold fight with their fists ; don't know, but hnve heard thnt Mrs Monachal:, the mother of J aim's Monngbnn, held possession of tli.s property ; it was on the 16th James Monugl.nn got through the window, opened tho door, and dragged me out by the beels ; tiie interest I claim is through my wife ; cannot say bIio has any interest; it is disputed between the families of William and James Graham ; they are both dead ; Sirs Monaglian was a Miss Graham ; on tbo night of tho 28th ono of my men attempted to break in tho door with an axo by my orders; this was nt tho timo of tho general row ; James and John Monaglian wero the parties who commenced the row ; only one of my party was knocked down ; Monaglian anil M'Gipro were knocked down on the other side; tho gun was not used at nil ; several of my party woro cut with knives or axes ; old General M'Guiro had charge of tho heap of stones ; saw James Monaglian armed with a stick; Frank M'Guire hail a stick too; it might have been a shingle ; there wero moro than three shouted ; over one hundred were shouting; my men shouted too ; I told my men to let them alone; 1 was frightened of tho stones ; all tlio defendants beforo tbe Court wero there; John Monaglian said ' stand back, stand hack, or I'll shoot you ;' believe he had a gun in his bund; did not see it; 1 said, 'Oh, that's you, Monaglian ;' James Monaglian lihd a stick, a bit of sawn stuff, when ho wont up; it was not a walking stick ; don't know whether Mrs Monaglian lias relet the property to Mr James M'Guiro sinco tho affray. Fm ther evidence was tnkon in support of tlio p'aintiffs case, .but tbe cioss examination of the witnesses led to the infenneo that Williams com me- eed tho assanU_in endeavouring to regain possession of tbe property j and ono witness, Denis Mabonoy, deposed : — f* I was paid for going that night, Williams tiuid me 17s. cash and a bottle of tutu; I got the money promised next day; did not cu e what I did for the £1 ; am a top sawyer ; Wil liaun agreed to give Galvin a £1 ; lie met rs botfi accidentally ; be told us there was going to bo a row, and that there wero some men nt his place; there were eleven of us altogeter ; believe wo were all paid £leach; Williams said be should l.avo to take pos se.isii n by force ; don't believe \\\ i'liams could have knocnod down Mnguire without me seeing him ; am satisfied that ho did not doit; to tho best ot my belief Monaglian was struck down j our party w«3 tbe fl ? at to commit violence; I wis armed with a stick about lourtceu inches long ; all tbo lest of tlio party were armed ; Williams gavo all the party a stick ; ho gave me one ; wo were to faco anybody mill anything ; all onr party had a glass of gros at David Hymn 'a bef-ro going to tbo place; Ilyam's ia about a milo from ' ho scene of the i ow ; I had a glass of rum ; got mv i'l next dey. Mr Surgeon Reid gave evidenco as to the dressing of n scalp wound for a man named Jones, a punctured wound f'»r ono Galvin, ami a contused wonnd for ono o. the M Guires. Rol ert O'Neil, who had occupied the place as a ten ant of James M'Guire, was called for tbe defence, and deposed to giving up possession on tbe 17ib July to the lessor Jatnes Jti'Guiro. Their Worships retired for about lmlf-an hour, and upon taking their seats, Mr Thomson said the Bench 3 hnd carefully considered the evidence in this ease, and i hey had come to the conclusion to dismiss it. Tho case is therefore dismissed. Tlio at noimooment was received with clieeis, and wlun the large body of spectators who bad crowded the Courl-bouse almost to suffocation throughout the whole of this lengthy tiial got outside tbo building tliey continued cheer ing and counter cheering for some considerate' time. Mr Tliurlow a] plied for copies of tho despositinns, with a view of bunging tbo case under the notico of tbe Attorney General. 