INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAPHIC NEWS. (FROM THE MKLBOURUK JOUBHALS.) SYDNEY, February 27.—The Legislative Assembly, by a large majority, passed the resolution affirming the desirability of repealing the postage 011 newspapers. The inquiry respecting the abduction and forcible deportation of American seamen who wished to prosecute a suit in the courts here, proves that the statement made by Mr. Piddington in the Assembly was well founded. The hon. member, when calling the attention of the Government to the case, said that two seamen of the American barque Pennng, who had commenced actions against the captain for ill-treatment, had been forcibly taken on board the schooner Lovett Peacock, and carried away by that vessel on her voyage to California. The entries for the Homebush Races are verj r numerous. Ragpicker in the St. Leger, and Blondin in the Cup, are the only Victorian horses entered. If the Duke of Edinburgh is here during the races, the stewards intend to have an extra day, with a Duke's Stakes of 250 sovs, as the leading event. The judges have refused to grant bail to Captain Howell, who has been re manded to the May sessions, on a charge of murdering Polynesians on board his vessel. Several witnesses will be brought from Fiji, which accounts for the delay on the part of the Crown in proceeding with the trial. ADELAIDE, February 57.—The Government have madeseveral departmental changes, with a view to greater economy and retrenchment in the public service. Mr. Bell has been appointed solicitor to the Commissioner of Public Works, and also to the department of Railways and Waterworks. Mr. Dempster has been appointed solicitor to the Marine Board and Customs. By these appointments a great saving is expected to be made in legal expenses. Mr.Howell, superintendent of the stockade, has resigned his appointment, in consequence of the report of the commission of inquiry into the management of the establishment. The inquiry was brought about by certain charges of cruelty to prisoners, and the evidence taken is believed to have shown there were good grounds for the appointment of the commission, but the report has not yet been made public. The Government of New South Wales have written to our Chief Secretary, proposing to refer all questions as to the river trade to a conference to be held shortly. Our Government have consented to the proposal. SYDNEY, March 1.—Mr. Martin and Mr. Murray owe the dignity of knighthood to recommendations made in their favour by Sir John Youug when he was in England. The in each case amount to £115. The honour conferred upon Mr. Cowper and Mr. Darvall was the result of a communication made by letter by Sir John, when he was in Sydney. ItisreportedthatMr. Darvall may be expected to arrive here by the April mail, to remain in Sydney for a short time. Mr. Wentworth is expected by the next mail steamer from England. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Belmore are making great preparations for the reception of H.R.H. Prince Alfred, and for a ball which they propose to give in his honour, at the Government House, 011 the llth inst. It is expected to be a most brilliant affair. A large meeting was held last night, at Numba, a small township situated on the road between Kiama and Ulladulla, to consider the decision arrived at with regard to the conspLacy report. The meeting entirely repudiated the statements made by Kean before the conspiracy committee. Kean was a brickmaker in the neighbourhood, who swore to there being a Fenian organisation, and that he had attended their meetings. The Victorian team of cricketers having landed safely, had an opportunity today of a little practice. They are in fine form and spirits, and express themselves confident of adding the present match to their list of victories. On our side Coates has been so severely injured at practice that he will be unable to play in the match, and his place will be taken by the emergency man. The officers of the Immigration department have received notice that their services will not be further required. Advices from Fiji report native affairs as still in a very unsettled condition. The cotton crop this season is said to be a very large one. The weather is intensely hot. A southerly gale and dust-storm are raging. ADELAIDE, March 1.—The nominations for the vacancies in the Legislative Council caused by rotation take place to-morrow. Mr. A. B. Murray has come forward at the last moment. An accident, attended with serious consequences, occurred at the Bayroad this morning through the upsetting of Cobb's coach. The horses, relieved from all control, dashed off at a furious gallop, and ran into Cook's coach, which contained a number of passengers. Several persons were much injured. Great blame is said to attach to the driver of Cobb's conveyance. INGLEWOOD, 2nd March.—A nugget weighing 201bs. was found at the Berlin rush this morning. SYDNEY, 2nd March.—A vessel has arrived at Newcastle, from Wellington, which reports that the Maories attacked the White Cliff settlement and massacred the settlers, including the Rev. Mr. Whitley and Lieutenant Gascoyne and his wife and children. The bodies were recovered. The difficulties of the Victorian cricketers have been settled, and Wills plays. Dr. Gallaway, a recent arrival, died suddenly at Cohen's hotel yesterday. A public test of the cinnabar ore recently discovered has been made, and it is fouud to contain a large percentage of quicksilver. The Government have announced their intention of doing away with the holidays usually enjoyed by the civil servants. ADELAIDE, 2nd March.—The nominations for the Legislative Council took place to-day, when the following candidates were proposed : —Messrs. J. Baker, J. H. Barrow, P. B. Coglin, J. Dunn, A. Gaedichens, T. English, E. C. Homershaw, J. Mellor, W. Milne, A. B. Murray, A. Stow, J. Wright, and S. Raphael. The amount which has been collected for the Sailor's Home is close on £3000. A large number of influential colonists met at the Globe Hotel yesterday to try the preserved meat cured by the Guichen Bay Boiling-down and Meat-curing Company. The several meats were tasted, and found to be in excellent condition. IN answer to an inquiry made by Mr. Macleay, in the Assembly, the Premier stated, with the authority of the Governor, that H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, ou the 5th April, 1868, that is, just before he left the colony, wrote a letter to his Excellency, requesting that, as by the law of England wounding with intent to kill is not punishable with death, the life of O'Farrell might be spared, at least until the matter had been referred to her Majesty's Government. Mr. Robertson afterwards added the statement that H.RH. the Duke of Edinburgh further requested that, at all events, his wish for the sparing of O'Farrell's life might be made known to the people of the colony. It is certainly very strange that a wish so natural and becoming, expressed by the Prince, should have been kept secret by the authorities for so long a time, until the eve of his Royal Highness's return to Sydney.—Empire. THE Queensland Times speaks thus of the politicians of the country :—" Of all the cants that are canted in this canting world, the cant of statesmanship and patriotism in Queensland has proved the most contemptible. The blindest and most enthusiastic advocate for what is called ' responsible government' in the colonies must now admit that the whole thing is a hollow mockery." MUNICIPALITY OF MUDGEE.—A meeting of the members of the above was held at the Town Hall, on Thursday evening, at which all were present except Alderman Honeysette. Upon moving the confirmation of the minutes, Alderman Cassin handed in the following protest against the payment of £1 0s. 6d. for refreshments to the returning officer and poll clerk at the late Municipal election :—" I protest against the confirmation of so much of the minutes of last meeting as relates to the payment of luncheons, ale, and sherry. 1st. Because I believe that the giving of luncheon, ale, and sherry, or any perquisites, gratuity, or reward whatever to any officer, or other per-, son appointed to carry out any of the provisions of the Municipalities Act of 1867, is contrary to the spirit atid intention of the 150th section of the said Act, and, therefore, illegal. 2nd. Because the expenditure on luncheons, ale, and sherry, is unnecessary, inasmuch as during the whole period of the Council's existence at no meetings for the election of aldermen, or for the purpose of carrying out any of the Municipalities Act heretofore has any such liability been incurred or sanctioned by the Council. 3rd. Because I believe that every man should pay for his own luncheon, ale, and sherry, and if unable to do so, content himself with humbler fare. D. CASSIN, Alderman. Mudgee, Februaiy 18th 1869." The Mayor remarked that the money was paid, so that the protest could do 110 practical good, but it might be entered on the records of the Council all the same. This latter course was agreed to.—Western Post. GrojiGE ALGERNON GKEVILLE, late manager of the Joint Stock Bank at Forbes, has been convicted at the Quarter Sessions upon three charges of stealing the moneys of the Bank. Several points have been reserved by counsel, and the prisoner is remanded for sentence. Six HUNDRED applications have been received for the Secretaryship to Mr. Verdon, Agent- General for Victoria in England. THE BENCH AND THE BAR at the recent Quarter Sessions at Tass were as follows :— His Honour Judge Fraucis; Crown Prosecutor, Mr. Forbes; Barristers, Messrs. G. M. Stephen, Allman, Wilkinson, Dease, Walsh, and Freestone. ECONOMY AND PROFUSENESS.—Economy is the parent of integrity, of liberty, and oi ease; and the sister of temperance, of cheerfulness, and health. Profuseness, on the contrary, is a cruel and crafty demon, that gradually involves her followers in depenence and debts; that fetters them with iron that enters into their souls. THE PRICE OF SHEEP AT CANTERBURY, N.Z.—The Nelson Evening Mail of the 15th instant is responsible for the following:— " We learn from a private letter, received from Canterbury by the last mail, that a mixed flock of 500 strong healthy sheep were offered the other day by a flockowner to any one who would take the trouble to go to the station and fetch them, but that he was unable to find a customer. In the same province a mob of fat sheep were sold to the butcher a few days since at Is 2d per head." NEW SATIRICAL PAPER.—A new weekly paper of satire—called The Ghost—directed against the present Ministry and principal adherents, has recently been started in Sydney. It is certainly the best specimen of the class of literature that has appeared in the colony, and deserves to succeed. The cartoons are ably executed, the liknesses of the originals being more faithfully preserved than is usual in political caricatures executed in Australia. —Tass Courier. EVERY column of a newspaper contains from ten to twenty thousand distinct pices of metal, the misplaciug of a single one of which would cause a typographical error. With this fact before you, don't you wonder at the general accuracy of newspapers 1 THE TUNNEL BETWEEN ENGLAND AND FRANCE.—An address, bearing about 100 signatures, including those of the Archbishop of York, the Duke of Argyll, the Duke of Sutherland, Sir D. Gooch and about 100 members of Parliament, has been preseuted to the Emperor Napoleon, praying his Majesty to give his support to the project for connecting England and France by means of a submarine tunnel. "The realisation of this noble enterprise, by strengthening the bonds which unite two great peoples, will," it is urged, " be of immense advantage to both couutries, and a memorable example of concord offered to other nations." THE latest cricket gossip is that the Victorian eleven have arrived all safe and well at Sydney. R. W. Wardill has been elected captain of the team, but we are as much grieved as ashamed to say that Wills has declined to play under him.—Age. ACCORDING to the Coleraine Album, the latest news relating to the flock of scabby sheep at Rifle Downs, the property of Mr. M'Lean, and which have been travelling for some months, is that they have to be destroyed immediately by burning. " Mr. Barclay has undertaken the very painful task of destroying them, several of the landed proprietors there having become bondsmen. This is a case for regret, especially when it is known that the sheep left for the journey in a clean state, 6000 or 7000 in number." 