ECHOES FROM THE BUSH. By Geoffhv Crabtiiorjt. XIII. Touching New Duties, wnicn are CEUTA1XLY NOT PLEASURES. I think it is Douglas Jerrold who makes the father of an M.P. in one of his comedies say that if he could once see his son reeled out into five columns of thfi Timex he should die happy. I suppose some such feeling must pass through a Treasurer's inind when he opens his Heijtittr the morning after his Budget speech. If not, I should like to know why Budget speeches are always so long and dreary. We sadly want a reform in this respect. If I were in Parlia ment I would cheerfully support any Treasurer who would promise to limit his financial statement to forty minutes. If the stamp duties are really carried I would strongly urge that the proposed tax of 10s. for every 1,080 words in a deed should also apply to Parliamentary speeches in general, with a double rate for the Budget in parti cular. From a careful calculation I find that if this law had been in force the Treasurer would have incurred a liability the other day of about £1G, although he did not think it necessary to dose the House with a hash of figures about the Savings Bank deposits, working-men's wage3, Bank notes in circula tion, the number of new buildings in the city, the consumption of lollies by the juvenile population, and a variety of similar matters having an equally important bearing on the Ways and Means, as his predeces sors have generally done. Yet even without this solid array of somniferous statistics, the Treasurer's speech last week is quite enough to explain the statement he made a few days before that, ' though he did not like to speak of it, he had suffered many nights through these confounded accounts.' Of some of these sufferings the following authentic narrative has reached me from aij unimpeaohable source, but I fear with the writer that the Treasurer in his laudable zeal to get us out of debt has overestimated the eagerness of the country to submit to new imposts, and in fact has only jumped out of the frying-pan of impecuniosity into the fire of unpopular taxation : — The Treasurer's Nightmare. fAir— ' Unfortunate Miss Bailey.'] The Treasurer lay in bed one night But vainly sought for slumber; He turned to left he turned to right, He tried his flocks to number; He thought upon his colleagues queer; He thought upon his chances Of holding office through the year, And settling our finances. Oh, luckless Treasurer) Our energetic Treasurer 1 He had a fright That dismal night, Which scared the luckless Treasurer, The gaslight just at twelve o'clock Began to burn quite bluely, When troops of figures round did flock With jests and gibes unruly; They danced before him on the bed, They scrambled up the valances ; Uetil the biggest of them said, ' Behold the Unpaid Balances ! Ob, luckless Treasurer I You can't disown us, Treasurer! Till to redeem Us all you scheme, We'll haunt you, luckless Treasurer.' 'Avaunt, dread figures,1' then he cried, And used a strong expression; ' You needn't swear,' the ghost replied, ' We'll haunt you through the session. For know our ghosts both great and Email, Until we're paid, must wander, Because the cash to clear us all The Parliament did squander. Ob, luckless Treasurer! With cash bo scanty. Treasurer, To find a way Our ghosts to lay No doubt will plague you. Treasurer.' Perplexed the Treasurer lay, while s'.ill The throng of figures waxes, When suddenly he cries. 'We will Impose some extra taxes: The Customs duties we'll increase, The fojks will pay them gaily ; And so these balances shall cease To haunt and fret us daily.' Charm— Oh, luckless Treasurer! You'll soon discover, Treasurer; Than that disease Your remedies Are thought far worse of, Treasurer! The agitation in the country respecting the Ministerial proposal to levy a uniform tax of twopence an acre for road maintenance still continues unabated ; and I have received so many urgent communications on the subject from various neighbours that I should evidently ill satisfy the bucolic mind unless I recorded a decided protest against the scheme, although it is almost like kicking a fallen man. I venture, therefore, to lay before my readers a metrical version of the question which has reached me, and which may commend itself to their judg ment save in one remarkable particular. It was gravely asserted by Mr. Wackford Squeersthat he knew of no Act of Parlia ment to prevent a man's calling his house an island if he liked. This maxim must have impressed itself upon my former corres pondent, F. Skilly, when he ir.lited the fol lowing ode, otherwise I think he would be puzzled to show how South Australia comes under that designation. If he is a church man, he may consider that its insular character is proved by the fact that the See of Adelaide reaches to all its boundaries, bat I for one should protest against a-n-otiou of that sort. No doubt the colony would appear peninsular to any one half -seas over, and thus perhaps the conclusion my pen uits-you 11-ar-nve ot— namely, that to call the colony an island is a poetical licence which would scarcely pass muster unless after a good deal of heavy wet. Be this as it may, my eccentric correspondent can at all events plead the old excuse :— - 'Foregad. must one swear to the truth of a sons!' TworsscE an Ache. [A new ballad to the tune of *? The Ty?ht Little Island.'] Dedicated without permission to the Commis sioner of Public Works. (BT V. SKILLY.) Ohldid'ntyouhear. While taking your beer, The scheme of a certain Lawmaker, To invent a land tax, (Since money he lacks), Cf only just Twopence an Acre. Chorus— Oh ! our's is an illigant island, A Bell is this immigrants' island; While butchers and bakers And coach and jam makers, Make laws for this beautiful island. First a member a-straddle Leaps into his saddle— Of the profits of place a partaker,— 'Sixty-thousand,' says he, ' Must l-e raised by poor me. So let's make them pay twopence an acre. Chorus— Uh, it's an illigaut island; This indigent immigrants' island; While East Torrens Dan errs With saddlers and tanners In making new laws for this island. Than fire'even hotter, Then up jumps a squatter; Says he, 'You're a clever mess- maker; Whate'er we may stand, Don't come taxing our land, We'll have none of your twopence an acre.' Chorus— So mind what you're at in this island ; And don't come your twopence 011 my land ; Or hop, skip, and jump, Corns the land- owners plump To kick up a dust in the island. ' And what of poor us. 'Mid your law-makiuj; fuss,'' Cry the farmers, 'Ked-rust and all-taker Make the devil to pay ; We can scarce make head-way Without any twopence an acre.' Cfiorus— For, oh, it's a musty old island; A scurvy, red-rusty old island ; If this last straw, good lack, Breaks the poor farmers' back, 'Twill be time to clear out of the island. I pointed out a couple of months ago the strange succession of slights and insults to which the Volunteer Force had been sub jected ; but I had no idea at the time of the discreditable nature of thu correspondence connected with the unexplained dismissal of Colonel Biggs. I am glad to see the lieyister has exposed tho liollowness of the pretence upon which that mischievous act was baaed, and 1 trust it will be yet further investigated in Parliament. 1 only allude to it now to point out a remarkable series of coincidences, which I can only account for by the assumption that there ia n sixth member of Cabinet to whom is entrusted all acts connected with the Volunteer Force, and that this mysterious personage is no other than the rcdoubtabli aud irrepressible McBridu hiinsolf. Thus, Colonel Biggs became obnoxious to that influential personago ; Colonel Biggs is dismissed. Tho three Sergeant- Majors — O'Carroll, Mortimer, suul Kingdon — and the Keeper of the Armoury, Mr. Downie— all proved their loyalty to Colonel Biggs. They are all ^dispensed with : while the only ollicial retained un the .Stall', oddly enough, gave evidence strongly in favour of MoBruli; and against every one else. The oliicers of the force memorialized the Chief Secretary to enquire into the great Sergeant-Major's conduct. They have since beeu systema tically snubbed and insulted on every possible occasion. Lieut. -Colonel MatbewB and Captain Claxton were in the thick of the original vu-lrr. The former has been disrated to a captaincy, and the latter shelved. And now finally, Cajitain (t-uin, who was so unfortunate as to fall out on parade with the influential Instructor, is to be removed from his puat of Harbour-Muster unless the House protests against his de privation. Captain Hart says that, when the Volunteer Committee was Kitting, one of the Cabinet, who apparently held up his hand to vote iu -i]-]-o- sition to hia chief, instantly covered his insuberdination, and ellected a masterly retreat by vigorously scratching his head. Of course, his raising his hand for tho pur pose of allaying cutaneous irritation at the moment a vote was being taken was an acci dental coincidence, and I am quite prepared to admit that the coincidences I have rehearsed above (and especially the last named Quin-cidence) are quite as accidental and have as little significance. Time, no doubt, will show. MY PORTFOLIO. A Psalm of (Political) Life. What the Independent Member said to the Treasurer. (BT WILLIAM HHORTFELLOW.) ['If the Builpet was to be so gloomy as it ap peared it would be, they ought all to come down in mourning to hear ihe Treasurer deliver it iu mournful numbers.''— Vale a recent BDeech in the House of Assembly. J Tell me not in mournful numbers Ours is uuite an empty purse ; For the colony but slumbers, And things surely might be worse. Work we ofler, work in earnest, To each one out here who comes ; 'Poor thou art, as poor returnest,' Shan't be said to all new chums. Not to squander, not to borrow, Is our most judicious way, But retrench, nor let to-morrow Find us poorer than to-day. Cash is short, and credit fleeting. And our hardy sons of toil O'er the border are retreating To Victoria's cheaper soil. In your plans to meet these troubles, In your modes of raising cash, Play not with financial bubbles, Make no new proposals rash. Trust no Caucus, howe'er pleasant; Let their past advice alone ; Act— with Strangways ever present, Quick to catch the House's tone. Former Ministries remind you You will ne'er your post secure, But departing leave behind you 8chemes for others to mature. Schemes perhaps some new financier, Striving bard with might and main A convenient tax to plan, Sir, Seeing shall propose again. Let Hughes then be up and doing; Ne'er at Hart or Reynolds quake; Taxes planning, salaries screwing, Learn your Budget speech to make. 