FLEMINGTON NEW VEAH'S DA.Y RACES' ! -. ! (From the Melbourne Aram,) TJiE bell ron g for the first race of the day immediately after the arrival of the Vice-regal party, and a field of six answered tho summons. Those most fancied were Dolo, Potatoes, and Little King. The condition of the majority of|the horses that weighed out was not particularly good, if ¡we except Elis, who »tripped tho picture of health, and, from the excellence of his outword form, many prophesied a successful result. Two of the favourites, Dolo and Po- tatoes, lost whatever chance they ruay have possessed by falling-tho former when his winning seemed almost a certainty. The above eotitreUmp» loft the contest to Prince Alfred and Elis, tho former winning easily by three lengths. The victory, of courso, was an unexpected one, ona the) Ting men wero in ccstacies at so successful an opening Fortune, however, did not favour the layers in the sue- ' ceeding event, tho Flemington Stakes, for Charon, upon whom odds were laid by his admirers, won a fino race after an exciting struggle with Gondolier. As a whole, the youngsters were not a bad lot ; but Charon appeared a very Triton among tho minnows when Morrison mounted him in tho paddock. Be is an extremely handsome and powerful colt, with four white feet, a kind, bloodlike head, excellent shoulders, very fine arma and thighs, hocks tplendidly let down, and back of extraordinary strength. .His .fore legs were slightly disfigured by a couple of splints, both of which, however, havo been successfully treated by his trainer. His commanding stylo soon attracted thoattonti. n of thecogneacentt, who unanimously pronounced him tho finest two-year-nld ever seen on tho course, and one likely to do credit to his well-bred sire, Ferryman, whose stock are'of great promise. Another of this h«rse's progeny was tho bandsC'nie and well-shaped little aelt, Derby, whoso dum, Chrjsolite, had evidently transmitted much of her own quality tober sun. The durk Gondolier did not strike tie eye very fa\ourably, in consequent» of his small si'o; lut tnerevasa wtur-unu-teui appearance about him which betokened a thorough game one; and a* hit condition wa« of tho best, there «were not a fuw who regarde*! his chance with favour, from the fact of Mr. Fisher starting his colt afrifle steut. ïhe Sjdney-brcd Causr-dc-Lion, although a fino' specimen of tho thoroughbred howe, was entirely friendless ; but we thill be much mistaken if this colt eloos not ¡Bee a better day, as he comes from n strain of blood which improves with age. Gi.ll.uit waa in vory fair, lorni, but he is nardly the class of horac, we think, to cope suc- cessfully with such "clinkers" au Ohnronanel Gondolier. The' ruco needs but little, description, as the favourite jumped away in front, and waa never headed, the only for- , n idijblo opponent amongst his competitors being Gondolior, who(strugglcd on with great gamoneas te the finish, arid was only defeated by a neck, a result mainly attributable to tho fine riding of Morrison, who materially assisted his loiso when the real strugglo commenced. Derby looked very futmidsLlo as they swept inte the straight, but oppo- sée the carriage-paddook ho either ox erreached himself or crossed his legs, broke his book, and fell powerless to tho ground, and wo are Bony to say that Mr. Lang, who was riding the cdt, was seriously injured by tho fall, the cap of his knee being broken, whiles the back portion of his body arsatraffered «evcrcly from the concussion. Ho-waa quickly ti moved from the course to his own 'mauset, where he received medical aid. From the latest «csount* wo leam «Mt ne is ra a «very weak state. What might bo considered the principal rato of the day carne next upon the list, and a got ce appearing upon the board to the effect that Mr. Wilson declared to win with My Dream caused the flying dauglifer of eld Fisherman to become a warmer favourite ti an (ever, and even money was laid on her against tho »eld. _ The favourite lroked a very different animal to what she did at the spring meeting, 'and' created a far more favourable impression than was anticipated, owing to a rumour having gained currency that shs was altogether too light. Mr. Tait's colt, The Earl, walked unmistakably stiff behind when be left his box, and as he galloped very " feelingly " in his preliminary, the success of the dan- gerous yellow jacket was regarded a» a matter of doubt. A pat deal of curiosity was exhibited to take stock of the grey colt, Antelope, sad we ean safely aver that no ñnei candidate ever stripped for Derby honours. He is a re-j markably nice celt, with excellent points all over, and had it not been for a slight stoppage in his work, caused by a, cold, it is more than probable that Mr. Moffatt's filly would not havo achieved such an easy victory as she did. Gas-, woikB, a strapping representativa of the Fisherman family,] nlno caroo in tor a largo share of attention, and looked re-( markably well, notwithstanding that the dull colour of her coat detracted somewhat from her appearance. She is a' much more powerfully-shaped filly than her stable compa- nion, ssd her etvle of galloping, although not so taking, pcrbsps, as that of My Dream, is sufficiently good to con- vince us that she is not only a flyer, but a stayer also. Rag- picker looked nono the worse for her spell since the spring ; but it was ovident from tho disinclination of her owner to invest upon her, that she was not prime enough for the task before her. Koo-wep-rup and Frretor were clearly eut of their element amongst the cracks, but (ho latter may yot seo a better day as he advances in age. Melancholy Jaques and Werribee weTO in very fair condition, but they likewieo, were in company much above their station. The Amator colt went very slow as he cantered pass the stand, and the. contrast between his stilty style of going and tho grand Í manner in which My Dream extended herself was some-1 thing wonderful to witness. Directly after starting, My ¡ Dream, w ho got off badly, rushed through her horses as if, they were standing, assumed the lead at the turn, main-, toined it to the finish, and won in a common canter in first- , class time. A moro hollow affair it has never been our lot, to witness, and as there was no mistake in the time, it is i quite certain Mr. Moffatt possesses an animal of no ordi-| nary pretensions. The success of a Victorian horse was, hailed with delight by the crowds on tho hill and flat, both horse and rider coming in for a great ovation as they returned to scale. The dotractors of tho Fisherman stock were rather surprised at the very easy victory of his speedy daughter, and expressed far greater astonishment when Gasworks flew past the poBt in the Midsummer Handicap. No matter whatever adverse opinions may exist as to the quality of the Fisherman ste k, it is beyond scepticism that the only animals able to eti ike the flag of tho New South Wales men «re those who owo their cxistenco to tho old Heron horse; and though some of his stock cut up badly at the late Spring Meeting, tho doings of Charon, Gondo- lier, My Dream, and Gasworks, will go a great way to establish tbo reputation of the celebrated hero as a first-class sire. The Midsummer Handicap was shorn of some of its brilliancy through the absence of Warwick, whose defection from the ranks caused a rush to bo made upon Gasworks, the latter's performance in the Derby being con- sidered good enough to entitle her to the premier possession in tho betting market. The scratching of Warwick was commented upon in no very favourable terms by a certain few ; but we think it but due to Mr. Tait to state, that the starting of the horse would have caused an utter break- down. It appears that he went slightly lame in one of his legs after a gallop with Th« Earl, but as the injured member soon fined down, Mr. Tait entertained hopes of bringing his horse to the post, in order that those who had backed him might bave run for their money. A can er on the morning ef the race, however, satisfied him that Warwick's starting was out of the eincstion, as the leg again filled to an immense size, and he immediately scratched him. Shenan- doah, notwithstanding the fact of her having "a leg," was supported by the followers of the gold and groy ; and Phoaphorus was sot without friends,'while eld Woodman was backed spiritedly by people who "' thought they knew something," but the manner ? in which the former owner and breeder of Gasworks supported the half sister to Fire- works, was strongly indicative of a "moral 'certainty," and others following suit, she was backed for pounds, shillings, and pence, until shs reached pn, extremely short price, 2 to 1 being the highest offer against her jast. pre- vious to the start. The result'of ' the race clearly demon Btrated that it was "Fisherman's day eut,"' for his daughter came directly she was called upon, and won a fast run race in splendid style by three lengths. At an interval of about half-an-hour another of tub great events was set down for decision, and the preparation of Tho Barb and Glencoe for the struggle was the signal for a rush to get a glimpse of the two cracks. Each had a large cirdo of admirers, and although the black wonder was not so full of muscle as he might have been had his owner been enabled to send him along as fast as he wished during his preparation, he was quite well enough to cause his backers to remain confident of victory. The chesnut, t»o, reflected ¡the greatest credit on young Stanley, who has chargo of ¡the corses during Ashworth'* absence ; and the absurd 'notions prevalent that Mr. Tait's success is principally 'owing to a large share of luck, received a satisfactory re- sulting answer in the appearance and condition of his iboises, which ought to have satisfied the most prejudiced mind that his numerous victories are principally owing to fgood management. Fireworks, it was palpable, had not 'had time enough te undergo sufficient preparation to fit lim for so trying an ordeal as a severe three-mile race ; and though Strop exhibited symptoms of having under- gone a most careful training, it was well1 known he was not possessed of calibre equal to the occasion, so that a vic- 1 tory for Mr. Tait was regarded as a certainty, and such it Was, for the Barb and Glencoe had settled the other pair before two miles had been traversed, and coming on at their own pace, finished as they liked, the black slightly in advance of his stable companion. Well may The Barb be termed a " wonder," seeing that this is the third three mile race he had won cn three successive New Year's Days, the total amount of his winnings in Btakes during his career nearly Teaching £10,000. The Bteeplecbaso was once me re a " ohapter of accidents," and, owing to the negligence of the authorities, resulted in a victory for Viking, whose success was the only fluke of the day. During the second round, it appears that the rails gene- rally taken down in order to allow the .horses to come» into the straight wero not removed, and Ballarat, Babbler,4 and Ingleside, not observing the mistake, went on inside,' thereby allowing Callanan, " on Viking, to jump into the course, and steal the race out of the fire. But for this there would have been a splendid contest between the three. The running of Ballarat, with 13 st. upon his back, stamps him as one of the best-if not the very best*- of steeplechasers the colony has ever possessed. Babbler, also distinguished himself, but Mr.'Watson's horse was leading when tho mistake was made, and it is our opinion that he would have landed the cerise jacket in front l had he gone straight. Ingleside also looked dangerous up to this pointy bnt none of the othors had the ghost of a , chance after Bacchus fell. The £60 Plate ended in an exciting struggle between Palladium and Salem Scudder, the maro defeating the f avourito by a head. This brought . an excellent days sport to a close. The following ¡b an account of the day's racing : . j Hurdle R\ce. ¡A handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovereign", with 100 sov- ereigns added. About tbree miles. i Mr. B. Orr's b h Prince Alfred, by Boiardo, 5 yrs, 9« 71b I "? (Wakefield) . .. . .., 1 Í E H. WedRewood's cn. g Elis, aged, 9 l 1 Brown's b g Standard Bearer, aged J S. Perkins mb| Potatoes, aged, I 'at. (Perkins) ... te 1 J."Brown's b g Dolo, aged, lOat 71b (Dalrymple) . ... 0 i P. Glenister'« b g Little King, aged, 9st 131b (Mitchell) ... 0, A. Saqui's b gFaugb-fi bsllagb, aged, tOst 121b .. ... dr ; C. Clarke's br m Kalrd. agrd, Oat 71b ... ... ,'.. dr' Betting-5 to 2 against Potatoes ; 3 to 1 each againstx Dolo and Little King; 6 to 1 against Prince Alfred. ¡ ,;,' Elis jumrjed away m front, followed by Little King and Prince Alfred, Potatoes last. Elis led round the turn, where Standard Bearer baulked, and Potatoes came down. Perkins wss quickly in the saddle again, and in pursuit of the others, but again falling, lost all chance. Meanwhile Elis carried on the running at a streng pace, Mb imme- diate attendants being Dolo and Little King, Standard Bearer (who had got over the hurdle at which ho baulked) also showing prominently at the turn into tho straight. Elis maintained Mb lead past the stand the second time, Dolo on his quarter, Prince Alfred and Little King close up. This order was kept until reaching tho back of the course, when Dolo made his effort with King Alfred, and the pair passed Elis, but Dolo coi/ing down aTbuster at tho hurdle opposite the Abattoirs, left tho contest to Prince Alfred and Elis, the former winning easily by threo lengths; Standard Bearer finishing third on sufferance, as j Little King was pulled up. Time, 6 minutes, lu seconds. I. j The Fxeminoton Stakbs. . i A swecpgtakes of 16 sovereigns, h It, with 200 sovereigns added, for two-year- olds. Colts, 8st 71b ; lillies, 8st 4lb. Three-quarters of a mile ,The second horse to receive ten Ker!cent, of the stake. Ir.lH; Ftihcr'a b e Charon, by Ferryman (J. Morriaon) ... 1 J. Wilson na b « Gondolier ( Dutt» .2 T. Henry*« b e Gallant (Oriffio) ... .3 W, Cralg's b c Cour do Lion (Carter) ... i ... ... 0 W. II. Hammond's boD. rby (Lang) ... ... ... fell W. Craig'» b c Haaaniello ... ... ... ... dr 3 Gordon na b e Brillant i ... i .. . . ... dr Uctting--2 to 1 on Chaion, 4|tq 1 against-Derby. i Tho favourito was first away, Gondolier second, Gallant third, and Derby fourth,'with Cumr de Lion in the j rear. Charon led into the struight, where . Durby enziio with, a rush, but compounding almost immediately afterwaids, tho issuo waa left to Charon and Gondolior, the former winning after an exciting sot-to all tho way up the straight, by half a length; Gallant, twenty lengths behind, third. Derby fell and broke his baik. Time, 1 inmute 22 seconds. - ' j ThjCVictojiia Dbiuiy. ' A'sweepstakes of 20 soveieigns, 5 ft, with 500 sovereigns added. For three- year-olds., Colts,-8-it'101b; allies, 8st 71b. I One mile and a half - i air J. Wilton na b or br f Hy Dream, by Fisherman (Duffy)... I B. J. Bowler'e g e Antelope (Y>om»ni) ' ... ... 2 J wil*or.anabfGaaworke (J. Wilson, junior).3 W L?iil)'»b(r Koo Wee Rup j Wakefield) .0 L. L. Smith'» b o Melancholy Jacques (Howard) ... 0 R. Chirnfidc's b o Werribee (Griffin) ... ... , ... 0 P. H. Gell'»ho rrtctor (Walters) ... ... ,. ... Q B Fishers b f Hagpickcr (carried 2'«'lb ovi rl (A. Davis) 0 J. Tail's cho The Earl (Stanley) , .. .(i lietting-Even on My, Dream, 4 to 1 against any othci. . ,,*'., After a slight delay, caused by Kpo.Woo, Rup bucking and throwing Wakefield, the flag-dropped io a. fuir start, Melancholy and Tho'Barl leading past the stand. My Dream rushed to the front before reaching the turn, and carrying on the running all the way woniu ii cinder by half a doz.cn lengths,' Antelope, who passed the'other'« neir the 'Abattoirs, second, and Gasworks third.. Time, 2 minutes 4fise.¿ondH. j j ,i i ') >/.i ( ! MiDguMMi-n Hanjiicmi'. i , A sweepstake's ¿flu sovereigns, ô.ft, with 200 sovereigns added. For three-year-olds and upwards. One mile and three-qnartere. Mr J. wilson na bf Gasworks, by Fisherman, 3 jib, tut 121b (J. Wilaon. junior) ... ' '.* .. 1 L. CsinpkeU Bl k h Phoapbsrns. 4 yrs, Oat 21b (Mathie- son) ,.. . ... . ... ,, ..".Ti j, j J Clceland'sbh Barwon,'sued, 6stl3ib tCarroll) ... 3' W Cr ig'» b g Nîmblefoot, a yra, 7»t iib (Sinclair) ... 0 J. ClfflsEd'sfrr m Shenandoah, arrd, 7«t-iib (WaUh) ... 0 J. J. Miller'a cn * Lord of the Valley (late Ptinoî), 4ya, «st 81b (Harris) . ... ... " ..! 0 ' i. V. Smith's b m lady Manners Batten, 3 ya, SstMb (T. ' Henderson) . '... . ... . ... » M. Mrckan's b f Woodman, aged, 6»t 41b (Hatter J. Kerr) ... .. .° 3\. Bradlsy na bl h 8¡r Hercúlea, 8ys, «at 3lb CWslter«) ". O J.Baimea'a b s Frying Dutchman, 3 yra, Sat 131b (W. < Henderson) ... ... .'.. ... ... 01 M. Meckan'a b g Monkey, sged, 5st 71b.drl J. Talt'a ch a The Earl, Sjra, 7at31b.dr, | J. Ktrr'a cb h Sheet Anchor, 4 yra, Cat Jib ... ... «¡r Uaggre'abmTheNon, aged, 6at21b.dr G. Lewla'a br m First Flight, t yra, 6at.dr P. J. Keighran's b m Sjlvia, 4yrs, 5st 10lb .. dr 3\. Talt'a ch g Warwick, aged, Oat 121b.dr H. rieher'a Blondín, J yr«, 8at 41b .dr P.H. Cell's b ^ Prajtor, 3 yra, 7at ... ... ...or Bettiég-2 to 1 against GaaworkB, 6 to 2 against Wood- man, 4 to 1 against Shenandoah. ! A splendid start was effected ; Barwon leading slightly j for more than 6 milo, tho lot (with the exception of Lord ¡ of the Valley and Sir Hercules) being in a bunch at tho I back of the¡course. Approaching the Abattoirs, Shenandoah, j Woodman, and several others, hung out signals of distress ; I and Barwon, Phosphorus, and Gasworks singled themselves oat from the crowd. Opposite the scraping Bhed, Gasworks was running third, Barwon and Phosphorus being in front j of her ; but upon fairly getting into the stra ght, the boy on Gasworks gave her her head, and shooti g past the pair, she ran home an easy winner by threo lengths. Phosphorus second, and Barwon third, Time, 3 minutes 14 eecondB. Pout Phillip Stakbs. A sweepstakes of 20 sovereigns, h ft, with COO sovereigns added. For four- year-olds and upwards; four-year-olds, Ost; fi vo years, Ost 91b; six years and aged, 9st 131b. Second hoise to receive 50 sovereigns from the stake, and the third to save his stake. Three miles. Mr. 1. Tali's bl h The Barb, by Sir Hercules, S yrs, OstOlb (Stanley). ... 1 J. Talt'a ch h Glenco«, 4 yrs, 9«t (Taylor) ... ? ... 2 Vi. Field's b g Strop, axed, 9st lolb (a. Haynes) ... 3 G. Mvlno'a bh Flrcworka, 4 yra, 9«t (8. Waldock) ... 0 3\. Tail's ch g Warwick, aged, Sat 101b ... ... ... dr Betting 2 to 1 on The Barb. Gli ncoe made play at a good pace, followed by Strop ; Fireworks lying third, and Tho Barb fourth. They ran thus for more than a mile, when Fireworks ran up to Glencoe, and the pair passed the stand together, Strop third, The Barb still last. The latter, however, soon after put on the steam, and passed all but Glencoe, who led until reaching the straight, when tho black was indulged with the lead, and the pair came on together, The Barb finishing half a length in front. Strop third, Fireworks last. Time, 6 minutes 46 seconds. Grand Natiohal Steeplechase. A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovereigns, 5 ft, with 300 sovereigns added. About three miles. Ur. A..L. Gordon's b g Viking, by Mariner, G yra, list 121b i (Callanan) - ... ... ... ... ," 1 G Walton's b g Ballarat, aged, lSst (Johnsaon) ... 2 Major Baker's br g Babbler, aged, liât Bib (Mr. Gordon) ... 3 i Betting 6 to 2 against Ingleside, 3 to 1 against Babbler and Ballarat, 5 to 1 against Viking. Baron lei over tho ¡ first fence, Grimalkin second, and Ballarat third, Bacchus and Babbler in good position. Fronting the scraping sheds Baron esme down j and Bacchus soon 'took np the running1, closely followed by Ingleside, the pair passing the stand together; Babbler third, and Ballarat fourth. Western | made a determined resistance at this point, and refused I repeatedly. Bacchus and Ingleside still maintained the [leaderg position until opposite the Footscray-bridge, ; where Bacchus, who looked as dangerous as anything, i fell, and Babbler went on second. Grimalkin was the next j to kiss the earth, falling at the Abattoirs, at which point [Ballarat began to improve his positien, and he, with \- Ingleside and Babbler, apparently had the race between ¡them until reaching the rails where the opening should i have been. Hero the three went off the course, and \ Viking taking advantage of tho mistake, jumped into the ..course, and obtained an easy victory, Ballarat eventually 'finishing second, and Babbler third. Time, 7 minutes 33 'seconds. I £50 Plate. For two-year-olds, a feather; three-year-olds, 7st5!b; ¡four-year-olds, 9at ; five-year-olds, 9st 71b ; six years and ¡aged, 9st 10!b. The winner to be sold for 100 sovereigns. .Two miles. ¡Mr. 8. WaldoeVs b m Palladium, by Premier, 4 yrs, 8st 111b I (Yeomans) .. ... ... ... ... 1 J. H Perkins as b g Bslem 8eudder, aged, 9at 71b (Per- kins) ... ". ... .. ... 2 j C B. Wedgewood'» cb g Elia, aged, 9st 71b (Licrech) ... 3 