KENT TOWN WKSLKVAX JUBILEE CHU1SCH. On Sunday, September 12, services were con ducted- morning, afternoon, and evening- by the Kev. W. Taylor, in the Kent Town Wesleyim Jubilee Church, in connection with the anniveisarv and reopening of that edifice. There was an ex ceedingly large attendance in the morning, many of the congregation having evidently come in from the country. Mr. Taj lor discoursed from St. John, Sth chap., and 39ih verse-', Seaich the Scripture*, for m them ye think ye have eternal life, and they arc they which testify of me.' The S.riptures were, he said, a well-established fact, and by searching them they became acquainted with Chritit. He recommended them to search Holy Writ. God never left the world without light, which mau, huwever, had frequently rebelled against. The preacher traced the history of man down to the flood; the incidents an.l biographical references contained iu the Bible composing a chain of testimony conclusive of the literal accuracy of the Scriptures. He drew a vivid picture of the passage of the Israelites over the Ked Sea, and the protecting and ever watcliful Providence which led them in safety to the desired land. God ou that occasion gave a striking proof of His sovereignty nnd power, and His sympathy with man. His care and omnipo tence were displayed in many remarkable instating durhiu that W years' journeying. The liible aliorded frequent illuitrali.,n.s of the way in which God proved to His people l«y convincing facts His supreme power. Tlie writi gg of Muses, Joshua, ami David, afforded numerous instances of thin. Un Mount tiina'. God revealed to Moses, and through him to the childieii of Israel, pluses of His moral character and the power with winch He controlled the elements. The birth of ChrUl wns the development of the piomisu that the need of the woman should lirus.se tlie serpent's bead. God's revelations of Himself were embodied, not in the writings of any one historian, but in the Book of God as written l.y inspired writers. It required intelligence to l»e a Christian. On the basis of faith they could IiuiM their hope to shaic in tlie spii itual life hereafter, hach mini was told to search the .^ciipturcs himself L- Hud evidence of their truth and Divine origin. They were allcon vincing on account of the purity of the doctrines they taught and the force of thtir illustrations. The promise of Christ contained in the Looks of Moses was handed down from generation to gene ration as a royal line to the nativity of Jchuh. He traced the kingly liue.ige of Christ from Adam downwards, and then referred brittly to a few of the wonderful prophetic announcements of the birth of the Messiah. In the afternoon the commodious structure was crowded to suffocation, all the standing room at the doors aud in the aisles being occupied. Mr. Taylor delivered a discourse, which was announced to be more particularly directed to lOulilren. from Matthew. 21st clian. and the lattt part of the sixteenth verse— Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings thou hast perfected praise.' He remarked that when Jesus of Mu&ircth; ap peared, there was no mistaking it that he was the long-promised Messiah. The people were afraid to evince their rejoicings at his coining, as he was thus the verification of the ancient prophesy, ll.ivid. in the hill Psalm, had exnresscd a similar sentiment, vvnicli was, However, periei tea l.y l.lirisl. These children weie quoted as examplesof what was attainable I'}' little children to the end of the world. If children spoke thus in David's tune and of others, tlie name was true a thousand years hiler ; it showed that all children would feel than in all time. This was a logical deduction fnmi the evidence. There was a weak prejudice in the minds of many Christian patents anuiiiH the spiritual attainments of their children. Many a parent would say to his child, who might ask if he could not become a Christian, 'My son, you arc loo young yet.' This would most likely be the ease if the child did not exceed six or seven years (if a^e. The exhibition of pious feeling on the part of a clu -il revealed a beautiful trait and a noble instinct. It was necessary to ascertain the ages of the bal.es and sucklings who uttered the memorable words in the text. Was the age ID y^ars.' lie did not reckon bo. Whoever heard of a lU-yeai-uld Buckling f Was it six years.' He thought m-t. He would not like to nurse a six year-oM baby. Was it an innocent little babe rest ing on its mother's boBom, opening its little mouth and crying out, ' Hosanna to the Son of God.' Ko, it was not that class of babes; no, they were between tlure and live years old, when they were nursery children. .Sunday ncliilarH were divided into three classes; the infant class, containing children under seven years; the imiMlc class, up to 15 ; and the tint class, for tho»e over 15 years. Lord Brougham, after ycars of observa tion, which he was accustomed to give to things of importance, once said that a child learnt inure of what was practical Mi'l essential dunlin the first six years of its life than ever it did alter wards. He was of opinion that the early training of children was of such importance lliat if a child were sent to Sunday School at live years of age lie could tell where it would go. It was al..--ur.l to say that there was no moral sensitiveness in little children. Cod's gracious de.siun was revealed to man by children. The Apostle* could not understand that as they ciung to the old Hebrew idea of a temporal sove reignty. They thought C'.irist would smash up the Uoman legion.*, rebuild Solomon's tcmitle, aud reconstitute the kingdom; and they expected to i-e his prime ministers, and even iiuarrelled amount themselves as to who should be the hi/hest. Children wcte often made the instruments of God's mercy. He recommended all present to ponder well on the words of the text. In the evening the building was crowded to excess in every part. Ihe Uev. Mr. Taylor took for his text the Words of Christ, ' All manner of mii and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men; but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghoxt shall not be forgiven unto men.' (Matt. xii. HI ) He pointed out in the first place the danger of presumption on God's goodness and mercy, and 'hen proceeded to expound the meaning of the solemn announce ment of the text, lie did not consider that the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost consisted in any specific sinful word or act, the commission of which preluded mercy, but the words of the .Saviour were a wurning to sinners to stop before it was too late. Theru was no soul which might not have been saved at one time or another. It was a steady persistence in sin an I in resistance of Christ which he understood to be the sin against the holy Ghost, for which llitru was no forgiveness, he:auae there remained no susceptibility for repentance; and he entreated his hearers to examine themselves to see that they had not arrived at that sad stai;e. It was a deteriora ting disease, as it were, going on in the soul, Home of the evidences of which were a disposition to cavil, a tendency to scepticism, and to making ex cuses when salvation was proclaimed, and an in creasing indisposition for spiritual thing*. He could not define it, but there wax a !-oitit beyond which if they went they were lost. In illustration of this the preacher related a thrilling incident of the escape of a vessel on the Niagara liiver from a threatened destruction at the Falls, and the actual loss of a human being who was dashed on the rocks below the Falls of Niagara, after immense ctlortsfor his rescue had been almost ciowned with success. In conclusion, be said there were many in his pre sence who would never see the end of the coining summer, anl urged them iu earnest word* to decide for Goil ere they reached that point at which all hope of their salvation was loat. At the close of the service a prayer ince'.ir g was held, to which nearly the whole of the congiegatiou re mained. A collection was made at thu end of each service, realizing a handsome amount in aid of the building fund. 