SEBASTOPOL. I had often inquired about Sebastopol and its condition since tbe siege. I was generally told that it had undergone but little improve' ment ; but I confess I was not prepared for the ruinous condition in which I found it. It is even more emphatically a city of ruins now than it was when the Allies entered it in September, 1855. As we passed into the Harbonr I heard a Russian on board the steamer remarking mournfully, with a sigh, " Sevastpool est mort." The white crumbling walls looked like the ghost of this dead chy as we approached it. Only a few houses have been repaired, and are now inhabited. I asked a Russian if he thought that one house ia four bad been renovated. His answer was, "If you said one in;ten you wouldbe nearer the truth." And further inspection showed me that this estimate, if not correct, only falls short of the truth. Some quarters are as desolate and solitary as Thebes or Baalbec. There i3 scarcely a living figure to be seen but a few cows grazing in the grass-grown streets, or a sow followed by a progeny of pigs, wandering about Sebastopol. Fort Nicholas and Fort Paul cannot be called ruins, they are but mounds of rubbish. It is the same with such places as tbe site of the houses which stood in the rear of the Sedan. It is to the town proper, where any walls are left standing, that we can apply the word " rain." A curious event has taken placesince thewarwhich strikes everyone who enters Sebastopol. A colossal statue has been erected to Admiral LazarefE It is of bronze, and nearly 30ft. high, on a pedestal of black marble, which adds nearly another 30ft. to the height of the whole. It stands on the abroad esplanade in front of what we called the " White Buildings,'' which were the Marine Barracks, and it overlooks the harbour and the town. Sebastopol was the work of this man. It was his energetic ability which created the place, and built the fleet of the Black Sea. It was the purpose of the Crimean war to destroy what this man bad spent his life in building and organising. That purpose was accomplished, and it has now a curious effect upon the mind to see that great black statue of him standing in the midst of ruins. The barracks, dockyards, and other establishments of his design are seen all aroand him in the rains of their destruction.— Prince of Wales's Tour. 