INFANTICIDE IN FRANCE. J .*» . [From thc Saturday Review.) WE Ehñll not disgust our readers with a minute analysis of the hóriible details of a recent trial in Montauban, in' the course of which it, was proved that no fewer than eight wretched ?women had been concerned through a long series of years with some of the worst crimes which disgrace humanity. They were'trted and convicted of the crimes of infanticide and of procuring abortion ; in the latter case, some as agents, some as patients. One woman, the cen- tral figure of the group Delpech, was proved to have murdered no less than nine infants; one her own daughter's illegitimate child, and all under ?circumstances of the most inconceivable and fiendish brutality. She seems to have com- menced her career of infanticide with this : murder of her grandchild, to which the mother was privy, by administering vitriol; and in the other cases she had recourse to tho simpler process of holding the victims' heads under water-the Times' correspondent says boiling water, but this does not appear in the French repoit in the Constitutionnel which has reached us. These infanticides were connected with the familiar system of baby-farming, as we call it, cr, as in their pretty way the French wits style it, the manufacture of angels. In every cuse the mothers, and in one the alleged father, entrusted illegitimate children to the tendrr care of the woman Delpech, who, in consideration of money paid down, ranging in different cases from 100 to 500 francs, under- took to place the poor little wretches in various nursing institutiono, which duty she discharged ¡ .by murdering them off-hand, and occasionally :. .cutting them in pieces and . hiding!, them in various parts of her house. ; Generally the mothers exhibited a significant lacie- of interest in their miserable offspring ; . -and in one instance no inquiries were made for live years. The whole matter reads its own horrible lesson, which it would be impertinent -to enlarge upon or to exaggerate ; and doubtless ita lesson will not be lost upon our eloquent : contemporary of the daily Press, who has been . especially minute and especially impressive in .expressing his horror of this social depravity, and who at the same time regularly inserts the advertisements of baby-farming establishments -among ourselves which, if they have not much the same results, are sadly suspected of some- times carrying on a trade little better than that of the woman Delpech. Apnrt from these considerations, which are -on the surface of the case, we propose to ex- ! amine it as atypicf.1 instance of what seem to be the very strange results of French criminal proceedings. And, first, the details of the trial 4o not reflect much credit on the vaunted superiority of the French police. The history of the woman Delpech-at least her criminal history-runs as far back as the year 1857. The stages of her guilt are successive, and increase in infamy and crime. Commencing with what the Act of Accusation in sonorous French tongue calls the trade of "proxénétisme," Delpech took naturally to baby-farming and consequent infanticide, and at hist to the more lucrntive trade of abortion. It was only in con- sequence of some unlucky failure in this last branch of her profession,which ended inthedeath of her two victims, that Delpech was brought to justice. That is to say, for twelve years she had been suspected by the police, who ?were indeed active enough to convict her more than once during this time for some small robberies. But her greater crimes w?re not detected, or, if suspected, they were not gone into. At any moment she might have been caught almost in the act, for the skeletons and scattered bones of at least seven of her victims were discovered when-that is, after some ten years-the suspicions pf the police were at last roused into action. But, unsatisfactory as this specimen of the detective powers of the French police seems to be, this pre- liminary consideration is insignificant when compared with the result of the criminal proceedings at the assizes of Montauban. The Judge, more Francohtm, had it all his own way. In the course of his examination of the principal prisoner, Delpech, she confessed everything ; and the very leading questions as to her guilt put from the Bench .were met with instantaneous alacrity of assent and explosions of laughter on the part of the accused which had lo be accounted for, and on these jovialities in tho dock, planned and pre- arranged for the purpose, her counsel framed a very pretty defence. True that the accused confessed everything ; but then she was mad. She had on some occasions gone to the ceme- tery and had invoked the ghosts of her parents, who, according to her own account, dictated to her the confession of these crimes. The ingenious advocate passed over the fact that the prisoner's guilt was sufficiently proved by -extraneous testimony apart from her confes- sion, But he went on to argue-Look at the woman ; observe her demeanour in court ; watch her convulsed by alternate fits of laughter anti tears ; take note of these un- questionable signs of madness. And so he wep.t on, and at last moved the Court with a formal appeal. " Whereas the fact of insanity at the moment of the commission of crime excludes all culpability, and there- fore all penalties ; whereas the existence of insanity after the commission of crime is a bar to judgment; whereas in this caäe the evidence of experts will probably prove such insanity in the prisoner," &c;, ¡kc, the court was moved to suspend all pro- ceedings, ns against Delpech, till these sub- jects were investigated. This hint will perhaps not be lost upon our legal practitioners ; but the dodge met with little countenance from the French Judge, who immediately tonk the opinion of the prison doctor, who replied very distinctly that Delpech's madness was all simulated, and her grinning and laughter only got up for the occasion. As far as the Court -went, the Ogress-for this is the nickname which Delpech, has acquired-overdid her fictitious madness. But as regards the jury, she partly succeeded. Knowing the nature of French folks, eo susceptible of theatrical impressions, she had recourse to all the advantages which art and nature gave her. She appears to be a preter- naturally hideous woman, and she is depicted in the a«port with remarkable powers of personal .desesijJtioa, which lead us to suspect that the artiste of the Daily Telegraph were subsidised for the occasion. In picturesque but not en- gaging language we are told of her tremendous black eyebrows, and her head turbaned with a yellow handkerchief; her huge,prominent nose fort cl tin-peu plongent; the hideous space between her broad nostrils and frightful mouth, traversed by cavernous wrinkles; and her .charms are accentuated by long, sharp, bestial teeth, and a huge chin, which com- pletes a savage and animal jaw. To the -value of these personal advantages for playing the maniac our agreeable Delpech was not «sensible ; throughout the trial she grinned, che growled, she. laughed demoniac laughter, anil alternated with copious floods of tears ; and for the two operations she kept two sepa- rate handkerchief*, one to muffle her sota of grief, and one to stifle her hilarity. Kow and then she seems to have forgot her role, and interchanged the characters and handkerchiefs of this new version of Jean qui pleure and Jenn qui rit. But even thia mistake might, ba a stretch of artistic power, a A thouin it hid little effect on the unsympathetic J mig-;, it told -at least we suppose it told-on»tbo jury; for though' they found lier guilty, it was uniter those convenient " extenuating circumstancos "' which have relieved the greatest criminal of the d«y from the extreme) punishment ol' death. Anyhow, Delpech, though convicted, has only been punished with imprisonment and haul labour for life. What the extenuating circumstances may be which weighed with the Montauban jury we are only left tb conjecture. Perhaps they were impressed with ibu feelings of one of the wituesses, who observed, with some plaintiveness, "What are poor foll« to.j do who have many mouths to feed and no 1 bread to give them ? " an observation whieh the Judge characterised as "full of interest, ] but scarcely proper." Perhaps tho jury thought, as has been suggested, that it was an extenuating circumstance that tho ogress murdered a round dozen of her fellow-creatures, and that she ought to be guillotined if sha had ; murdered only a single baby. Or, what is much ; more likely, they really were influenced by the plea of insanity. The influence which this plea exercises on stupid people like jurymen is subtle, ll is not in this case that they really believed that JDelpech was mad ; but it had been alleged that she was mad. Whether this was so or not, the plea had at least this effect, that she might have been mad. Therefore, the ex- tenuating circumstances consisted not in the fact of madness, but in the possibility of mad- ness, and the allegation of madness. The con- fusion between a fact and a possibility raises what puzzle-headed people call a doubt, and they give the accused the benefit of this tietion, which they dignify with the importance of a doubt, but which is in truth only mere stupid incapacity to' distinguish between facts proved and possibilities suggested-a stupidity which is not confined to French jury-boxes. Un the whole, the results of this trial tend to reconcile us to what are undoubtedly defects in our own criminal proceedings. At Montau- ban we must admit that justice has failed, although the guilt of the accused was estab- lished with a certainty which is very seldom possible in our own Uourt6. It seems that in aiming at too much, and in endeavouring to invest human justice with the awful attributes of a Divine retribution, the main object of the French system runs the risk of defeating itself. Human passion, prejudice, caprice, pigheaded- ness, or what not, will have its say, and will interpose between what the advocates for the prosecution-in this case.theProcureur- Impérial -called the supreme and necessary expiation of crime. To what else are we to attribute the success of a remarkable and sensational dodge tried, and tried successfully, on behalf of one uf these miserable culprits, a woman named Boyer ? She, the only one of the eight pri- soners, was acquitted absolutely, although the evidence against her, that of being a consenting parly to abortion practised on her own person, was precisely the same as that which convicted others of the accused. Why was Boyer ac- quitted? Because of a coup de theatre executed in open Court, to which we should fail to do justice unless we produced it as reported in the French papers : " En mc rappelant, ajoute le défenseur, le chiffre des victimes de la femme Delpech, je trouve un singulier contraste. La justice demande compte de neuf victimes, je défends une femme qui a donné neuf enfans à ia société. Je ne puis pas vous les produire touB ici : trois sont morts. Mais les six autres sont ici. " Les voilit : levez-vous, enfans de la femme Boyer, venez demander votre mère à messieurs les jurés (les enfans de l'accusée se tiennent un moment debout en pouesant dis sanglote), prouvez-leur que yous la regardi z comme une bonne mûre ; dites combien vous l'aimez. (Agitation dans la salle.) "M. le Président.-L'audience est suspendue pour qudques ii.stnnB." Before the jury retired, on being in the usual form asked whether she had anything to add to her defence, la femme Boyer neatly re- plied, " Je demande, messieurs, que yous me rendiez mes enfans." The jury were too palite and gallant not to accede to this amiable criminal's request, and^this excellent parent of six living children, the mother of the Mont- auban Gracchuses who are to be, la femme Boyer, est acquittée. 