THE COUNCIL OF EDUCATION ; AND SECTARIANISM. As time progresses and the system of Education now in vogue in this colony gradually develops its results, men begin to ' perceive that they are not, and never can be, such as they were led to expect ; and that secular instruction, much vaunted *.\,^,rju i+. 'he. is turniner out a decided failure. We at least are not surprised at this turn in affairs, because from the very commencement we could see nothing but failure before this new-fangled system. ' Very often we declared that, strictly speak Ving, secular education was an impossibility in Christian communities, and thaft ere \- 'long we should hear complaints that^ it !was doing injury instead of conferring ^benefits. The favourers of the system here indignantly denounced the idea that they were promulgating ' godless education,' : . v ? j ? !„„„.,! +V.Q+. +1ia p.ifimentarv truths of revealed religion would be taught to the ; chUdren, and hinted that « superfluous' ? matter might afterwards be added by the clergymen of the different denominations. Now we deny altogether that there are such things as elementary truths, and non ?lementary truths in Christianity. With us revelation is one grand unity of truth which cannot be clipped or shorn of any thing. One truth is just as valuable as anotner ana aemauua e^ua-i i^^u. j-i^lu are people who will remain contented with : the elementary truths as they believe no ' .more, who will reject any approach to dog , matic teaching. Accordingly the Public schools are quite agreeable to them, and in fact suit them just as well as if they were crot up for their exclusive benefit. The chil dren will most likely learn that God made them, that Christ died for them, that the Bible is the word of God, and that is about :the sum total of the Christianity imparted to them*. The divinity oi the Redeemer must of course not be touched upon the Trinity must be not so much as hinted at, and their notions concerning the Holy Ghost will not receive much enlightenment in the public schools. Piactically the Council tells the pupils, we will give you such religious instruction as will nt you to be Wesleyans, or Umversalwts, but if you want to be anything else you must receive information from the clergy men of your particular denomination. Then as we have repeatedly said, and can not say too often, it is Unitarian, not secu lar instruction which awaits scholars attend ing the Parkesian institutes. Accordingly , th? Wesleyans, and dissenters generally, are very well pleased with the Public schools it is certainly natural that they should and we do not blame them. It would be hard to expect that they should not de rive all possible advantage from the deli berate act of our legislators, when they can do so without transgressing the law. 1 ro bably ii we were in their happy position we should act in precisely the .same way The persons to blame are those who framed and passed the Schools Act, those who legis lated in the interests of a small and com paratively insignificant sect and yet im agined they were advancing the welfare oi the whole community. We have a right to find fault with these who seek to intro duce into New South Wales the inndel and irreligious turn of thought which is sowing the seeds of such anarchy and bloodshed on the continent of Europe. _ The result is tha+ the two denomina tions, Catholic and Church of England, who have any definite doctrines, who have reoarrl for dogmatic, as opposed to specula tive Christianity, find that the new system works against them. Since the day the Bill was introduced to the present hour, the Ca tholics have never ceased to cry out against it, and to demonstrate its injustice towards +i,*™ . -'+. first, tli ft Anorlicans spoke as it they were of one mind with them, but subsequently they calmed down, they be came resigned to their fate, so to speak. But now they are again raising their voices as the evils inflicted upon them be come intolerable. At the recent Anglican Synod, in Goulburn, several clergymen dilated in very strong terms upon the in justice committed on their flocks, and the proselytising influences to which they were exposed. We sympathise heartily with these gentlemen, and at the same time we cannot help thinking that if 'they had opposed the Bill with earnestness on its first appearance, it would at least have received such modifications as would de prive it of much evil power. The chief complaint of thb Anglican clergy was that Wesleyans have been appointed as teachers f.rt olmois where the maiority of the pupils belonged to the Church of England, and that in consequence the children were im bibing Wesleyanism. The Rev. D. E. Jones, moved a resolution to the effect that the appointment of lay preachers, to the masterships of Public schools, was contrary to the spirit of the Act ; and un doubtedly he supported his resolution with some extraordinary revelations. Schools are held in Wesleyan unurcnes, vvesieyau preachers are the masters, so that the atmosphere of instruction is absolutely im pregnated with Wesleyanism. In one place not only was the school kept in a Wesleyan Church, and the teacher of that denomination, but he filled the position of preacher, and kept a Sabbath school, in which he endeavoured to proselytise the children. It would be really absurd to nail this anvthinsr but a Weslevan school, V^fAfJ.* Vl^AJU—1 *J*~*_J »?— — '??— Q — ™— — — ------ ^ *i certainly it was not a secular one. We may derive some idea of what is meant by the Council's opening a school, from a story narrated by one of the speakers who said that in his own district it was accom plished by resuscitating a defunct Wesleyan school and setting it up as a rival to the Church of England school. This instance I might tempt one to suspect that the report lately published, which has been so muck praised in seveial quarters, was delicately cooked before it was served up for public j gratification. If these Public schools are thus complained of by Protestants, what verdict must be passed upon them by Catholics'? Must we be contented with them1? Is that a free or Liberal Govern- I ment, which compells us to sand our chil- j dren thither 1 Surely there is no Catholic in Australia, who makes the least pretence to attachment to the faith of his ancestors 1 ready to surrender the guardianship of his I little ones to such instructors. The Coun .eil of Education is evidently forcing Wes leyanism on the people instead of the se cularism which was presumed .to be ac- j ceptable to men of all creeds. It is true . that in one instance mentioned the teacher j who made himself rather active in the pro- j pagandism of his peculiar tenets received a notification from the council that he should abandon preaching ; but after all the injunction went for little or nothing, inasmuch as whether he preached or not his instruction could not but flavour of the doctrines of John Wesley. We are not entering upon a controversy, we do not care to discuss the right oi wrong of his principles, no doubt tbey answer their ad mirers well enough; yet Catholics have no desire to be treated to them either in side the school or out of it. Those who are at the head of affairs here may as well learn once for all that we will not submit to be thus w esieyamseu m order that they may carry out a pet theory of education. We cannot be convinced that these patent failures of secularism are mere accidents, blemishes which a little time and' trouble may remove ; they are inherent defects in the system and are per fectly inevitable. If the teacher be a Ca tholic then assuredly he will exert more or less of his influence, according to his zeal or prudence, in favor of Catholicity; if he be an Anglican then will his school be An o-lican, and so on through all 'the sects. PAv1m.nR secularism might 'be attainable if the books were written, and the instruc tion conducted, in a thoroughly pagan spirit. If there were no allusions to God, or to the Redeemer, or to a life hereafter, ov to future punishment of guilt and re ward of merit, and if the teacher were rigidly prohibited from making any refer ence whatever to such subjects, proselyt ism might be effectually . prevented and ' fair play' be given to all parties. But, thank God, we are not yet such heathens „„ +1-..-.+ o-mmmts \;ci: and the . man who would venture to introduce such a. system would be scouted troni one .end of the colony to the other. Irreligious education has no attraction for Australians, and Chris tianity will not just yet be ejected from their schools. The Council shift one remove from absolute paganism and decree a modi cum of Christianity for the people. This admirably suits the individuals who never require any more, but others whose creed embraces rather more than those so-called plfimentarv truths can hardly be,. so well pleased with it. The question— where is the peculiar advantage of this kind of edu cation? presents itself to every enquiring mind. What right has the Government to take it up and to maintain if in spite of the repugnance of the people? The Govern ment is made for the people, not the people for the Government. It is perfectly right and just that the State should insist that its citizens shall be educated ; but when it XDrescribes the method, and makes it com pulsory, it goes beyond its legitimate func tions and invades the rights of parents. Tyranny of this nature is quite as bad as that against which the loudest complaints are heard at the present day, and equally injurious in its effects upon the prosperity of the nation, supposing mmu uue pupu'* demands were gracefully acceded to? that denominational eduation was established, does any sensible man imagine that the teaching would be in the least inferior to what it is now. There is no intrinsic reason why semi paganism should be more effective in schools than Christianity. It is all a matter of funds organization and supervision. If half the trouble was taken about our former system that is bestowed upon Mr. Parkes' hobby, the results would have been at all events quite as beneficial . to the public. It cannot be denied that education previous to the passing of the ; Public Schools Act, was in an unsatisfac tory condition and urgently required amendment. The popular remedy was re form, but the Government sought it in revolution. ? 