I1 THE FIGHT. I , At ten minutes to two o'clock tho men came to the scratch and [exchanged ring formalities, after which the seconds retired from the ring, and upon timo being called the men scratched for ? Sound 1. From the moment they put up. their arms, it was quite ' evident Grilllths had the advantago in length of arm and science, .'and seemed bent on winning the fhrht by closing Joe's eyes and tiring him out. Rogers finely stopped Uenjle's right, and, landing a stinger on the ribs, received a rattler ou the left cheek bone. Instantly they closed, and the result was Rogers threw Grilllths, heavily, falling on him. Themen were carried to their comers,' with cries of:" One hundred dollars on Rogers," but no takers. ' : 2. Upon call of time Rogers rushed for Grilllths, who, after scratching, retreated around the ring, closely followed by Joe, who . hammered, on Benjie's ribs and received in the face. Another eloso and a throw, with Rogers on top. Both came np bloody, and both umpire's claimed first blood. The referee refused to de- cide tba point, and '.he men stood up for round i 3. Same rattling fighting ensued, both giving and taking, when Benjie, -with tho eye of an eagle, seeing a good opening for a throw, i suddenly, seised Joe, and, amid cheers, threw him. F i 4. Hogers came from his corner .with determination »tamped in ' lila eye, and urging Bcnjio too much, napped a stinger in the right optic, stngacring him considerably;- Again he essayed to reach Benjie, who gare him one on the left peeper, and rushing in, received a sockdolager from Joe, who landed on tho ribs and knocked Griffiths to mother earth. [First knock down claimed and allowed for ,'ilogors, on wliich event SOO dollars had been staked.] v« . . ' 5. Joe led off tut missed, and Griffiths got one In on the nose, drawing profuso claret, and, Immediately retreating, was rapidly followed by Rogers, who got on the ribs, when the men closed for the throw. This resulted again in favor of. Hogers, who fell heavily on his man. . Grliûths's umpire claimed foul, alleging that Rogers choked Benjie, but the referee declared no foul, and ordered tho light to go on. : C. This wa» a Bhort round, and anded in Rogers knocking Griffith down, after receiving a clever one from Benjie's left. I mauler. ._ : 7. Moth responded "cheerily ta tho "call "of time, but close ex- amination. Indicated a,desire on tho part of Benjie to keep away from Joe's right mauler, which ha used vengefully. The latter pushed his opponent, and after giving and taking, threw and fell on him. : i -, i . . . : 8. 'J ills round waa In favor of Griffiths, who landed on Joe's face several times,' receiving but a light one on tho ribs. In order to save himself Joe rushed in und again throw Griffiths very hurd. i 0.. After being urged to push his man "and fight bim down Rogers went to work finely, and, leading out with his right got in. again with a reverberating thump on Benjie's ribs, who, in nneffort to counter, slipped and fell, and Rogers walked to his corner with a firm step,.but with both eyes swelling. ¡ 10. : Griffiths lcd out with his left,- got .in on Joe's right optic, and followed with a stinger on the nose, which for a moment dis- concerted Joe,but, quickly recovering, ho went for Griffiths, and. aiming for Benjie's neck, succeeded in landing on lils collar bone. He then seized him, and lifting him from lils feet, fell on him very hard. . [Criesof "foul" were heard on every side, but it was nn*. allowed. When carried to hts corner, BenJIo was very white, ami Iookod os if about to give up (the ghost It was found his left collar bono was broken, but, nevertheless, he determined to fight on.] ., ! ll. Griffiths was evidently In g.'cat pain, and Rogers full of fighting. The latter got in twice on Grllllths's] ribs, when by n powerful right hander ho sent Benjie to measure his length on the earth. Rogers skipped back to his corner full of conlldence, but with a mug anything but handsome, while Griffiths'face was idmos.1 untouched. 12\. This round terminated the business, for lt became apparent that Grilllths could do no more than walk to scratch and rccciro Iiis quietus. Grilllths went up shaky, and Rogers, just as full ot ficht as at tho beginning, got in twico on Grilllths, und seizing him, threw him os easily as a child. Upon being carried to his corner In an ahnest fainting condition, cansed by the Intensa pain of tho broken collar bono, he desired his seconds to throw up tho sponge, which was greeted by wild cheers from Rogers's hackers. : Tho fight lasted just 27 minutes, and Rogors was declared tho winner. A purse of 75 dollars was immediately collected for Grilllths, who boio no outward uiarkB of punUhmcnt whatever. On tho other hand Rogers's phiz was far from fa thing of beauty but ho was. luliof fun and Inditing, dancing a jig in the ring, and attho same time throwing a 10-dolkir note in tho hat passed round for Grilllths. It Is understood Griffiths contemplates challenging Rogers njain, tho victor to rccelvo 2,000 dollars. 