PARKES'S EXAMINATION. Mr. Punch saw in yesterday's Herald a statement of the evidence j already given before Mr. Macleay's committee. The Herald's report ! is, as usual, quite, erroneous. Mr. Punch's stenographers have fur- j nished him with the following examination of Parkes himself : — By the Chairman : What is vour name t— Witness Henrv Partes Do you produce everything in your possession concerning the Fenian conspiracy? — I do. I produce a turnip scooped out, a short pipe, a white sheet, and a file of the Kiama Pilot. You were Colonial Secretary at the time of the occurrence at Clontarf ? — I was. What did you do on hearing of the Prince's attempted assasination? — I at once bought and read eagerly the Castle of Otranto, various works on demonology, the Night Side of Nature, and several elaborate treatises on ghosts. I theD enrolled myself as an honorary member of the detective police force ; and asked one of the equerries whe ther the Prince, who was then supposed to be dying, had expressed a desire to see me. Did you learn that H.R.H. had, in his delirium, mentioned your name ; and, if so, in what way ? — I did. I ascertained that in a moment of insanity, H.R.H. had remarked to an attendant " Why the devil didn't the fellow shoot Parkes ?" What did you do next ? — I visited the prisoner, taking with me the reporting staff of a daily paper, and directed my messenger to see that none of my colleagues came into my public office during my absence. Did anything happen on your way to gaol ? — Yes. The hansom cab driver, whom I had engaged to drive me to Darlinghurst, and to whom I gave eighteen pence, made use of an expression which left no doubt on my mind that he was a member of a damnable Fenian organisation. What was his expression ? — On leaving his cab at the gates of Dar linghurst, and placing the eighteen pence in his hand, he remarked, in a low, grumbling tone, " This 'ere 's nice pay for transformin' a cove's ' ansom into a prison wan." I took his number on the spot, and had his hansom watched by four detectives ? Having seen O'Farrell, what did you do next ? — I again called to see the Prince ? I had heard that he had been enquiring whether I had friends in New Zealand; and on ascertaining that I knew some people there H.R.H. promptly announced his intention to return to England direct. Why did you make the assertions contained in your Kiama speech ? — For the purpose of awakening a general public interest in questions of spiritualism, and producing harmony of opinion and action among discordant sections of the people. Is it true that you offered a confidential appointment in the public Treasury to Myers, alias Miller, alias Hallam ? — I decline to answer any questions tending to compromise the reputations of distinguished men. Is it the fact that you contemplated getting rid of Eagar, and put ting Mr. Benedict in place of the former distinguished person ? — I had never fully resolved to carry out that idea. Did you intimate to any one, that a powerful administration in the present state of public feeling, could be formed by yourself, Benedict, Myers, Professor Mac, and the Ghost, with Windeyer as both Crown law officers ? — I decline to answer that question. Why did you not communicate to your colleagues any of the intel ligence you had received about the existence of a Fenian conspiracy ? — I had not sufficient confidence in their discretion. I suspected Martin to be an Irish patriot disguised as a Native loyalist, while Eagar I looked upon as excessively doubtful, and Wilson I regarded as an adventurer, who, if Fenianism could command a working majority in the Assembly, might become a "Head Centre " at_any moment. To be continued.) « An individual apologising, by1 advertisement, for some offence committed upon another party, says — " I hereby declare myself under the influence of drink, and there was no truth in it. " Now this sentence is, to say the least of it, a remarkably dubious one. Does the advertiser mean that he has discovered the fallacy of the proverb in vino Veritas ?" or does he mean that though "he hereby declares himself under the influence of drink, and there was no truth in it " that he isn't and wasn't drunk at all ? If not, he must certainly have been "muddled" when he penned the above remarkable composition. Motto for the Sixpenny Concerts. — Sing a song of sixpence. 