LITERATURE. j . . ABOARD THE SEA-MEW. ' IN TWENTY-TWO CHAPTERS. \- - " ' CHAPTER VI. .. 'It may come to a fight though, after all, and a prick will keep some of them at a distance,'I says to myself, and getting my legs well round the sheet, I got hold of my knife, and opened it with-my teeth, before making use of the chance that had shewn itself. Perhaps it isn't every one who knows what a wind-sail is, so I'll toll you : it's a contrivance like a great canvas stocking, six or seven feet round, and twenty or thirty long ; and by let- ing one end of this hang down through the cabin hatch or skylight, and having the other bowsed up in the rigging, you have like a great open pipe bringing you down a reg'lar stream of cool air in the hot weather. Now it was just against the top end of this that I had brushed ; and as it seemed to me all I had to do was to slip in, check myself all I could, and then go down with a run amongst friends, where, if not safe, I should certainly share their fate, whatever it might be, besides, perhaps, being of some use. Fortunately, I had the rope, and hauling myself up a bit, after two or three tries, I got my legs in, lowered away quickly, and came down pretty smartly, not, as I meant, in the chief cabin, but upon the deck, where I was now struggling to get loose, like a monkey in a biscuit-bag, for they had done what I had not reckoned upon, dragged up the end of the wind-sail, and shut down the cabin skylight, most likely when I heard the shots and breaking glass. It was lucky for me thai it was dark, for though the noise I "made brought them round me, I had time first to slit the canvas and slip out, panting and not knowing which way to turn. I knew they dare not fire, for fear of hitting one another, and starting off, I ran them once light round the deck, keeping as much as I could under the bulwarks. The second time round I came right again one fellow, and sent him down head over heels ; but I knew it couldn't last, and that in spite of doubling they must have me. I could hear panting and voices all round, and on leaving off running, and creeping cautiously about, more than once I felt some one pass close by me-regularly felt them, they went so close. Once I thought of getting into the chains, but I knew if I did they would see me as soon as it was daybreak. Then I thought I might just as well jump overboard, and make an end of it, ns be pitched over ; directly after, I fancied I could crawl under the spare sail that covered the long- boat, and lie there. Last of all, I made for the poop, meaning to try and climb down to one of the cabin windows, but I stopped half- way, on account of the binnacle-light, and crept back towards the fore-part, to see if I could get down to the fore-cabin pas- sengers. But it was of no use, and the only wonder was that I did not run right into some one's arms ; but the chances, per- haps, were not, after all, so very much against me, and I kept clear till they-grew savage, and I could hear that they were cutting about at me with either knives or cntlashes; and in spite of my trouble then, I could not help wondering how they came by their arms, for, of course, I could not know then how Van liad stolen them from the cabin while the skipper was asleep ' I may as well knock under,' I said to myself, and I was about to give up, meaning first to give 'em one more round when I stumbled. Twice over I had felt my bare feet slip upon the deck, in what seemed blood, and had shuddered as I thought of how I should leave my footmarks all over the clean white boards : but this time I stumbled over Avhat seemed to be a body and should have fallen, if I had not gathered up my strength for a jump, and thrown myself forward, when, as if in one and the same moment, there was a crash as of breaking glass, heavy fall, and then a foot was upon my throat, and a pistol held to my head. CliAl'TElt VII. I was that shaken and confused by my fall, that for a moment I could not speak, and when I could say a few words, I did no know who I was speaking to, expecting that it was Van, till voice I seemed to know whispered : 'If you attempt to move, fire.' .I ain't going to move, Mr. Ward,' I says at last: 'it's been too hard work to get herc ; but if you'll pynt your pistol up at the skylight, it'll be better, or some one else will be tumbling down after me. Only wish Sam Brown would.' ' Pitched me down moie'n half a hour ago,' growled a voice I knew. « What's come of Bill Smith?' I says. 1 Lyin' on thc deck with his head split,' says Sam, ' if ain't pitched him overboard.' Then I heard a whispering consultation going on, w'' seemed to be about whether I was to be trusted, when M Ward seemed to be taking my part, and then the skipper whispers to me : ' If you'll be faithful to us, Roberts, you be well rewarded ; but if you play fast and loose, mind, Ave ar well armed, and there Avili be no mercy for you.' ? Who's playing fast and loose?' I says giuffly as old Sam * Ain't I been cut- at, and shot at, and then pitched neck crop through the cabin skylight! If that's your fast and loose give me slow and tight for a game, I says ; but mind you, it my opinion that there's something else to do but play, for beggars mean mischief.' «I'll be answerable for him, Captain Harness,' says Mr Ward ; and though all this went on in whispers, there wasn a face to bc seen, every light having been put out. « You trust him, he's no spy.' 'Spy be hanged !' I says. 'Who's going to play spy doAvn here, in a place as is dark as an empty pitch-kettle iii a ship's hold 1 Don't I tell you I've had to cut and run for my life, and what more do you-want ?' ' Nothing, my man,'says Mr. Ward; 'only your help as a good and true British sailor, for here are women and children ! for us to protect.' ? 'However shall I get to my birds?' some one says from out of the darkness. 'Birds !' I says : ' you won't want no more birds, sir, for it's my impression as we're going to be kept caged up ourselves now.' Just then I seemed to catch just a faint glimpse of a face from out of the darkness, then it was gone again, and half a minute after I got another glimpse, and then another, when it was plain enough that the day was breaking; and by degrees the pale light stole down through the skylight, till the anxious faces of all the passengers, with the two officers and Sum Brown, was plain enough to see ; and strange, and haggard, and queer they looked ; but for all that, there was an air of determination amongst them, that shewed they meant mischief ; and I soon gathered from Mr. Ward's words that he was spurring the i captain on to try and retake the ship. ( 'I'm afraid it would only be a sacrifice of life, if I did,' said the skipper. ' It would be a sacrifice of duty, if you did not, sir,' says Mr. Ward warmly. _ . 'Perhaps you'd better retake her yourself, sir,' says the skipper sulkily. ' I certainly shall try, sir, if you do not do your duty to protect these helpless women. But we have a right to demand your assistance, and we do'; while I have the word of .every man present that he will fight to the, last gasp for those who need our protection.' < I cannot fight, but I can load for .you,' said a voice from behind ; and looking round, as many of us did, there stood Mr. Bell, pale as a ghost, but quite calm, and leaning upon his sister's arm ; while, if I could have seen anything in a.woman to admire, I should have said she looked beautiful just then-being quite pale and calm-like the sea of a still morning before the sun lises. . ' ' There' something to fight for there,' says Sam in my ear. 1 Why didn't they all stop at home ?' I says. Just loo'k what a moss they've got themselves'in through being aboard ship, which is the last place as they should bein.' What Mr. Ward had said seemed to have warmed the captain rip ; for sooner than see another take his place, he set to, and began to hunt out what arms he could find, after placing Mr. Ward, to guard the broken skylight, which he did with a revolver and a thin skewer of a thing out -of a walking-stick, and it put me in mind of what I have read about some one being put in the fore-front cf the battle; butrthe young man never said a word ; and then, after a bit of a rummage, the captain came back to serve out what arms he could get hold of, but that wasn't many, for the enemy had pretty well emptied the locker where they were kept. A precious poor lot there was left for us to defend ourselves and a whole tribe of women and children ; my share being an empty pistol, which didn't seem to be so milch use as a fellow's fist, that being a handy sort of weapon in a tussle. Everything was done quiet as could be, so as not to let them on deck know what we were doing ; but as soon as the; arming part was finished, and I looked round, I could see that the game was up, for two more pistols, two cutlashes, and a couple of guns-sporting-guns, that two of the passengers had used tc shoot sea-birds with-was all we could muster. \ As is always the case when it's wanted, neither of these passengers had any more powder ; and when Mr., Ward's little pistol-flask had been passed round once, there was not anothei charge left ; but the captain had gone to get more, and we were expecting him back, piling up hammocks and bedding the while, to keep the mutineers off, and to have something to fight from behind. I was doing all I could, after shoving a good charge of powder and a whole handful of small-shot intomrj pistol, when Mr. Ward beckons to me and whispers : ' Go aire see why he don't come back : it's time to be on the alert, foi they are moving on deck.' I stepped lightly off-my feet being bare, making no noise on the planks-when coming upon the captain quickly, I sav. him just putting down a water-can, and he turned round to me looking pale as a sheet, as he says : ' It's no use, my lad ; resist- ance would be vain, for they've contrived to wet what powde: we had. Look at it.' He pointed to the little keg and .a' small case of cartridges and sure enough they were all dripping wet, while it seemec rather surprising that the wetting looked so fresh. JJut I die not say so, only that Mr. Ward hoped he'd make haste. ' Curse Mr. Ward !' he muttered ; and then he .went on first and I followed with my cheeks blown out, as if I was going t< whistle, but I didn't make a sound for all that. - . ' I fear that we must give up, Mr. Ward,' says the skipper ' for the powder is all wet.' There was a regular groan of dismay at the news, and one woman gave a sort of sob, else they Aver" still as mice, and the children too behaving wonderful. ' Who talks of giving up ?' says Mr. Bell, his pale face flushinj up as he spoke, holding one hand to his side. ' Do you cal yourselves men to hint at su ch a thing ? I am no man noAV only a broken, Avasted shadow of a man, or, by the God AVII made me, Captain Harness, I'd strike you doAvn ! Look at thes women, men ! think of their fate if those scoundrels get th upper hand- completely-Mr. Ward-you-as a gentleman my sister--God help' The poor young felloAV staggered, and Avould havè fallen, fo the blood Avas trickling down upon his shirt-front-gushin from his lips ; but Mr. Ward saved him, springing forward as cry burst from Miss Bell; and he Avas laid upon a mattress i one of the cabins fainting-dying, it seemed to me; Then there Avas a murmur amongst the passengers, of such" nature that Captain Harness found he must make some sho' of a fight, or it Avould be done Avithout him ; and accordirigl He took hold of a very blunt cutlash, looking very pale, bi making-believe to tuck up the wristband of his shirt, to haA free play for killing six or seven of the mutineers. As for the passengere,, all mustered, there was about eightee of them ; and had they been Avell armed, numbers being abo] equal, I don't think Ave should have had much the Avorst of ii but ever so many of them had no arms at all, and I began turn over in my mind Avhat Avas to be done. I had a rireti good jack-knife ; and not haAÙng much faith in the pistol, Avas about to trust to the.bit of steel, same as Sam Brown, Avl had one Avith a spring-back and a good seven-inch blade, 80 says to Tomtit : ' P'r'aps you'd like thc pistol, sir;' and he tot it quietly and earnestly, tapping the -back, to make sure tl powder was up the nipple, and 1 thought to myself, that's the right hands, anyhoAv. ' Are you ready ?' says the skipper ; for they Avere evident collecting up above, and some one fired a pistol down the sk light, but none of us Avas hit. 'Not quite, sir,' I says.-' SteAvard, suppose you hand o some of them knives o' yours ; and I'll trouble you for a big be carver, as I spoke first.' - Mr. Ward turned round and smiled at me ; and I gave him nod, turned up my sleeve too, and then laid hold of the t carver, Avhich did not make such a bad weapon, being ne sharp-pointed, and stiff ; while my idea had put a knife into a dozen hands that before had nothing to shew. ' Pile more mattresses and hammocks up,' said Mr. Ward ; for it was plain that neither the skipper nor Mr. Wallace meant to do much towards what was going to take place ; and then I saw the doctor give one look towards where Mr. Bell was lying,, and nm across, as if to see howhe was ; but he hurriedly caught hold of Miss Bell's hand, and Ifould see that he spoke, while, as she drew her hand hastily away she gave a strange frightened sort of look at him. Next moment he was back at my side, just as the cabin-hatch was flung open, and the shuffling of feet told that the mutineers meant to make their rush, 