parliament* LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. FRIDAY, JANUARY 15. QUESTIONS. The CHIEF SECRETARY, in answer to the Hon. J. Baker, stated that he hoped to be able during the day w to , lay .-„ upon the r- table -v- the return ------ relative - -- to S - j F ^J 1 !??/ 0 ! 13 ; In answer to the Hon. T. xiogarth, he said that he had not received any information relative to the growth of the Bathurst burr on the road to the Murray; and in answer to the Hon. J. Baker, he said that part of the correspondence with Bird & Co. had been ordered by the 1 House of Assembly. j THE STOCKADE DISCIPLINE. I The CHIEF SECRETARY stated that the Commission appointed by the Government to enquire into the general discipline at the Stockade consisted of the Mayor of Adelaide, the Police Magistrate (Mr. Beddome), and Dr. Moore. He stated that a por- : tion of the Press had published certain remarks reflecting in severe terms upon the management of the establishment, upon the expirte statements of persons who had been prisoners at the , Stockade. MEETING OF THE COUNCIL. The CHIEF vyxiiM SECRETARY pruirUHcu proposed that mat LUC the Council at its rising adjourn till Monday next, in order to facilitate the business of the session; but, at the request of several members, he subsequently withdrew it. WASTE LANDS AMENDMENT BILL. Clause 14 was again postponed. Clause 15. No transfer of agreement except in cases of death or insolvency. The motion proposed by the Hon. J. Baker the prevwus day to provide for the transfer of the land in certain cases was further discussed. The CHIEF SECRETARY strongly oppoBed the amendment, aB likely to affect the whole scope of tbe BilL The Hon. J. BAKER urged the importance of the amendment in order to relieve from embarrassment and probable ruin the holder of the land, who might be overtaken with misfortune during the currency of the four years. The Hon. J. H. BARROW suggested that the clause should be again postponed, and stated that printed amendments had only just been laid on the table. The CHIEF SECRETARY said there might be some hardships arise from the operation of the clause; but he never knew an instance of any hardships having resulted from an Act of Parliament which the Legislature refused to remedy. The safeguards provided by the clause were necessary to prevent the abuses which had crept into the operations of the waste land laws in the other colonies. The Hon. J. BAKER, in answer to the Chief Secretary, intimated that the term "personal hardship" in the amendment would be experienced, supposing the rejection of the amendment to result in a change of Ministry. (Laughter.) The Hon. T. HOGARTH referred to any other personal hardship which might be experienced by a father who might have placed his eldest son upon the land, and who should be prevented from allowing his second son to take his place. The Hon. EL AYERS stated that it would also be a persona] hardship in binding down a person to a bad bargain. ^ The Hon. J. BAKER hoped the Hon. Chief Secretary would withdraw his opposition to the BilL The CHIEF SECRETARY said he could not assent to the amendment, as he believed it would lead to litigation and all sorts of evils. The Hon. E. SOLOMON supported the amendment, and referred to the personal hardships which might be experienced by a man who should be dispossessed of his land, in consequence of some misfortune or his inability to negotiate a loan. ^After some further discussion, the amendment was carried by a majority of 5. Clause 19. (Postponed.) In certain cases Governor may annul such agreements. Passed with the Hon. J. Baker's amendment providing for a month's notice in the Gazette previous to forfeiture, and empowering the purchaser to be heard in his own defence. Clause 14. (Postponed.) Purchasers under agreement to have rights of possession and as proprietors against trespassers and others. The Hon. W. MORGAN moved an amendment excepting the right of impounding, but withdrew it after some discussion, and the clause was passed as printed. The various schedules were passed with amendments. . The preamble was passed. The House resumed, the Bill was reported, and the third reading fixed for the following Monday. PAYMENT OF TROOPS BILL. Read a third time and passed. Council adjourned till 2 o'clock on Monday. THANKSGIVING FOB HARVEST.—The following is the form of prayer sanctioned by the Bishop of Adelaide for the use of the Church of England on Sunday, January 24, the day appointed for thanksgiving on account of the harvest It is stated to be "adapted from the form agreed on by both Houses of Convocation of the Province of Canterbury. February 14,1862:"— " Morning and evening prayer shall be the same, with the usual office for holy days, except where it is in this office otherwise appointed. "PROPER PSALMS. " Two or more of the following Psalms shall be used at the discrection of the minister:—Ps. Ixv., lxxxL, ciii., civ, cxliv., cxlvii. "PROPER LESSONS. " For the First Lesson, one of the following shall be read, at the discretion of the minister :-Deut. viii., 7; xxvi., 1 to v. 12; Deut. xxviii., 1 to v. 15; Deut. xxxii., 7 to v. 20; Deut. xxxiiL, 26; Isaiah xxviii., 23; Hosea ii„ 14. " For the Second Lesson, one of the following:— St. Matt, xiii., 24 to v. 31; St. John iv., 31 to v. 33; St. John vi., 26 to"v. 36; 2 Cor. ix., 6; Rev. xiv., 14 to v. 19. "COLLECT. *' O Almighty God, who in past years didst cause the pastures of the wilderness to be dried up: the harvest of the field to perish; and the husbandmen to be ashamed; and now in mercy has given us the former and the latter rain moderately, and restored to us the fruits of the earth in their season: give us grace also to use the same to Thy glory, and the relief of those that need, as well as our own comfort. Teach us also te remember that ' Man doth not live by breal alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.' Thou has sent Thine own belored Son to be the bread of life to our souls. Grant us so to feed on that bread that we may live by Him for ever: who now liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end. Amen. "After the general thanksgiving shall be said the following :— " O Lord God of Hosts, who dwellest in the high and holy place, and yet hast respect unto the lowly; who makest Thy sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendest rain on the j ust and on the unj ust; who by Thy mighty power dost order all things in heaven and earth; we yield Thee hearty thanks that Thou hast safely brought us to the season of harvest, visiting the earth and blessing it, and crowning the year with Thy goodness: we praise Thee for the fruits of the ground which Thou hast bestowed upon us, filling our hearts with food and gladness. For these and all Thy mercies we laud and magnify Thy glorious Name; beseeching Thee to give unto us the increase of all spiritual gifts, the bright light of the Sun of Righteousness, and the dew of Thy heavenly blesBing; and so plant us here in the house of the Lord, that we may flourish everlastingly in the courts of the house of our God: through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost be all honour and glory, now and for evermore. Amen. "THE ORDER OF THE ADMINISTRATION OF THE LORD'S SUPPER, OR HOUR COMMDNION. " Instead of the Collect for the day shall be used the Collect provided above for morning and evening praver, "The Epistle.—1 Thess. v., 14 to v. 24. "Tha Gospel.—St. Matt, xiii., 36 to v. 41; or St. John vi.. 5 to v. 15." PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, PORT ADELAIDE.— The annual congregational meeting of this Church was held on the evening of the 11th inst. The pastor, the Rev. James Henderson, presided, and having opened the meeting with devotional services, made a few suitable remarks on the great object of Church organization, and urged to a diligent use of the means of grace established in their midst. Thereafter reports were submitted of the various schemes and agencies of the Church, from which it appeared that satisfactory progress had characterised all the operations of last year. Grateful reference was made to the completion of the Manse scheme, and satisfaction was expressed that the pastor was now in the occupation of a comfortable and commodious house, the property of the congregation. The Treasurer submitted his balance-sheet, from which it appeared that during the year there had been raised by the congregation for missionary, benevolent, and congregational purposes the sum of j£705 15s. 8d. Votes of thanks were very cordially accorded to several kind friends beyond the bounds of the congregation who had during the year assisted some of the schemes of the Church. The meeting was closed with devotional services.—Communicated. THE NORTH TRAIN.—The midday train from Gawler to Kapunda was somewhat delayed yesterday afternoon by an accident which oecurred to the engine two miles north of Freeling, one of the small tubes having burst. This train ia due at Kapunda at about 2.45, but did not arrive until shortly after 5 o'clock.—Kapunda Herald, 