CARICATURE HISTORY. In the last century, no one had thought^ issuing a weekly caricature with accompanying letterpress; yet the number of pictorial bur- lesques of politics and politicians, of fashions and fashionable leaders, then published, is large ; and we know all the great men, and manyjof the little men of the age, by the pencilsiof political satirists, such as Hogarth at one end of the cbain, and Gillray at the other. Mr,' Thomas Wright has done the student of history and manners some service by collecting as many of these fugitive productions as he could lay his hands on, and giving us an account of them in a very interesting volume, which he entitles, Caricature History of the Georges j or, Annals of the House of Hanover, compiled from the Squibs, Broadsides, "Window Pictures, Lam | poona, and Pictorial Caricatures of the Time.' This volume is illustrated with engravings copied from the old prints of bygone generations, and in looking through it we seem to live over again the lives of our ancestors, and to share with them in the passions, personalities, jealousies, intrigues, and follies of the hour. Lord Macau- lay made a collection of Whitechapel ballads to illustrate some period of English history. Mr. Wright has turned to the, same purpose our caricatures from the accession of George the Fiist to the peace of 1815. ( I To the proverb that " there is nothing new under the sun," caricatures are no exception. They have been found in Egyptian tombs; and the illuminated manuscripts of the middle ages are sometimes adorned with .extravagantly humorous pictures, in which the object evidently was to satirise particular persons or classes. Caricatures became very popular in England in the days of the Commonwealth. They used to be engraved on playing-cards, and one of them is extant at the present day. It is entitled, Shuffling, Cutting, and Dealing in a Game at Picquet. Being acted from the year 1653 to 1658\. By O. P. [Oliver, Protector] and others, with great applause. Underneath the title is the motto, *' Tempora mutantur, et nos-." This squib was published in 1659, the year after Oliver's death, while Richard was feebly endeavouring to carry on the Protectorate. The several persons represented - Cromwell ' and his son, Lambert, Fleetwood, Vane, Lenthal, Claypole, Harrison, Monk, and others, express themselves in various pithy and suggestive ways ; and a Papist looks on with the remark, "If you all complain, I hope I shall win at last." Our early caricatures were mostly manufactured in Holland, and this continued to be the case even down to the time of the South Sea Bubble ; but after that date a vigo- rous race of native satirical artists sprang up, and has continued to the present day. Á great number of caricatures arose out of the Sacheverell business in the reign of Queen Anne, The reverend doctor, who was a renegade from Whiggism, had become a vehement Tory and , asserter of High Church principles, and in that capacity he preached a sermon at St. Paul's, before the Lord Mayor and Corporation, on the 5th of November, 1709, of so violent a character towards the Dissenters and their friends, the principles of the revolution, and the Whig Lord Treasurer, Godolphin, that it was determined to impeach the author. In the meanwhile, the Tories caused the sermon to be printed and I extensively circulated; and when the trial of Sacheverell ended in his inhibition, for three years, the condemnation of his discourse, and the burning of a copy of it by the common hangman, an immense excitement seized on the nation, and a series of riots ensued of a very alarming character. High Church clergymen preached incendiary sermons ; money is said to have been distributed among the mob ; several encounters took place in the streets ; Dissenting places of worship were sacked and burnt ; in short, ferocious intolerance was exhibited. The commotion was fruitful in ballads and carica- tures, and not merely on the side of Sacheverell. The Whigs were not idle, and Mr. Wright gives a specimen of the kind of satirical prints they sent forth against their opponents. We here see Sacheverell in the act of writing his sermon. He is prompted on one side by the Pope, and on the other by the Devil ; and the title of the engraving is " The Three False Brethren." In retaliation for this, the High Church party cari- catured Bishop Hoadly, a Low Church friend of the Dissenters, in a print in, which Satan is represented as closeted with the prelate, whose infirmities are coarsely ridiculed. They also parodied the Sacheverell caricature, put- ting a mitred bishop in the place of the Pope, and making the Devil fly away in terror from the doctor's pen. The oddest thing done at that period, however, was the issue of a medal with a head of Sacheverell on one side, Sand on the other a device and inscription which varied in different copies, bo as to suit the pre- dilections of both parties. The caricatures of the Sacheverell days are to be found in the collection of Mr. Hawkins. " In general," says Mr. Wright, " they are equally poor in design and execution." The figure or head of the clerical hero was introduced into all kinds of articles of ornament or use. Tobacco- stoppers, seals for letters, coat<buttons, &c;, were made to take sides, and the general excitement was stimulated by every art that could possibly be pressed into the service. On the accession of George the First, and the return of the Whigs to power after the brief ascendency of Harley and Bolingbroke, the former of those Ministers was made the subject of a caricature which seems now not to be in existence. The object was, to represent the Earl as the tool of the French King and the Pretender- an imputation which he had drawn on himself by the precipitate and disadvantage- ous peace he had concluded after Marlborough's brilliant victories, and by his intrigues against the House of Hanover. The famous South Sea Bubble furnished abundant matter for literary and pictorial sati- rists to turn to account. The earliest English cpricature on this disastrous speculation is en- titled " The Bubblers bubbled ; or, the Devil take the Hindmost." It contained a great many figures : a circumstance which seems to have been regarded as a recommendation, for another caricature of the same period was advertised as presenting " nigh eighty figures." This was in 1720, and in the same year a large number of "Bubble" caricatures were issued in France and Holland. In the latter country several of these, together with satirical plays and songs on the same subject, were collected and pub- lished in a folie volume, entitled " The Great Picture of Folly." So great was the demand for such productions, and so easily were people satisfied with anything in the shape of a picto- rial satire on ths madness of the hour, that old engravings were re-issued with a verbal appli- cation to the various bubble companies, though the figures could hardly be twisted by the utmost ingenuity to any interpretation of current events. In England, packs of " bubble cards " were largely sold-an idea apparently derived from the caricature playing-cards of the time of the Commonwealth. In the sets belonging, to the latter age, each card was embellished with an engraving representing some preposterous scheme, accompanied by four lines of verse. In many cases both pictures and verses were pointed and epigrammatic. The English cari- catures of that time, however, are said to be - very inferior to the Dutch. ¡ But an Englishman of signal genius in the department of comic and tragi-comic art was bn the eve of making himself famous. Hogarth's first caricature was published in 1721, and its^ subject was the company- forming "mania of the previous year. r \ The general election of 1722, under the ad < ministration' of Sir'Robert Walpole, led to the production of many caricatures by the Tory party, whowere then very much in the shade. The Tories complained; and not without reason, that the Whigs resorted to a most extensive system of bribery, and, being in opposition, th'ay were of course severely virtuous. In Apple bee's Original Weekly Journal, of January 6th, 1722-a Tory publication-the following editorial note occurs :-" Altho' we think the appointing general meetings of the gentlemen of counties, for making agreements for votes for the election of a new Parliament before the old Parliament is expir'd, is a most scandalous method and an evident token.of corruption, yet we find it daily practic'd, and, which is worse, publickly own'd, particularly in the county of Surrey, where the very .names of the candi- dates are publish' d, and the votes of the freeholders openly sollicited in the publick prints. The like is now doing, or preparing to be done, for Buckinghamshire ; and we are told, likewise, that it is doing for other counties also." lhere cannot be a doubt that Walpole used every means in his power to secure a ma- jority. He hardly made a secret of his determi- nation to carry the elections by bribery and per- sonal influence, if he could carry them in no other way; and by a liberal expenditure of money he succeeded. ' The Tories were very strong on the matter of this bribery. One of the caricatures of the day is entitled " The pre- vailing Candidate ; or, the Election carried by Bribery and the D—l."-Another is called " Bri- tannia stript by a Villain ; to which is added, the True Phiz of a late member." The former is still in existence, and is engraved in Mr. Wright's volume. It represents the candidate -a fine gentleman in peruke and lace-slipping a bag of money into the pocket of the voter, who, seems to hesitate, but is being pre suaded by a Devil hovering in the air above him. The wife is urged in the same direction by a parson; but,two little boys express their contempt for the whole proceeding. The last of some stanzas underneath runs : " Say tho boys, 'Ye sad rogues, here are French wooden brogues To reward your vile treacherous knavery ; For such traitors as you are the rascally crew That betray the whole kingdom to slavery.' " The election which proved so advantageous to Walpole was succeeded by a calm in the political world, during which the caricaturists employed themselves for the most part on social topics. The rage for pantomime which at that time took possession of the stage—the humours and vanities of Rich, the harlequin manager of Covent Garden Theatre: of Heidegger ; of Farinelli ; and of other persons connected with the amusements of the day— the eccentric performances of " Orator Henley," the scurrilous clergyman who used to preach on a tub to the butchers of Clare Market—the quarrels of Pope, and other matters of a purely personal character-these were the subjects which for a long while kept the pictorial satirists busy, to the exclusion of affairs of state. It is curious to mark the similarity of the then con- dition of the stage to the present. Burlesque performances, grand scenic effects, realistic con- trivances, mountebanks, tumblers, rope-dancers, and wild beasts, were the chief attractions against which tragedy and comedy had very little chance. All the town rushed to see a movable windmill, as they now flock to witness a sham steam-engine and train. The machinist elbowed the dramatic author out of the way, and in one of his early caricatures Hogarth represents a barrow-woman wheeling off, as " waste paper for shops," the plays of Shake- speare, Ben Jonson, Dryden, Congreve, and Otway. The date of the print is 1723. With the death of George the First, in 1727, the opposition to Sir Robert Walpole recom- menced with great vigour. Bolingbroke, who had been allowed to return to England, but not to resume his seat in the House of Lords, sought every opportunity of making the most virulent attacks on the successful Minister. He and Pulteney started the famous political journal called the Craftsman, of which the working editor was Nicholas Amhurst, who wrote under the assumed name of Caleb d'Anvers ; and the Tories being thus joined by the discontented Whigs, Walpole found himself face to face with a formidable army of adyer- saries. He was accused of truckling to France (an imputation brought against every unpopular Minister), and of fiscal tyranny in extending the excise duties to wine and tobacco. The Gin Act—passed with a view to restraining the sale of our English spirit, the consumption of which by the lower classes had led to great disorders-was also extremely unpopular, and it proved as complete a failure as attempts to make people virtuous by statute law generally do prove. All these matters contributed to bring Sir Robert into considerable disrepute, and on the 13th of February, 1741, Sandys, one of the malcontent Whigs made a violent attack ion the Premier, concluding with a motion for an address to the King, praying him to remove Walpole from his councils "for ever." The motion was warmly supported by Pulteney, Pitt (afterwards Lord Chatham,) and others ; but it was lost by a very large majority. On the same day, Lord Carteret introduced a simi- lar motion in the House of Lords, and was seconded by the Duke of Argyle ; but this also was defeated. The double incident gave occa- sion to a Ministerial caricature, which is en- graved in Mr. Wright's book. It is extremely clever, full of invention, and drawn with con- siderable spirit. The scene is Whitehall as it then was-the only feature of which now re- maining is Inigo Jones's Banqueting Hall. A coach-and six is being driven furiously towards the Treasury. The Earl of Chesterfield rides the off-leader as postilion, and the Duke of Ar gjle is on the box as coachman. Lord Carteret, who sits inside, calls from the window, " Let me get out " (the application of which, by the way, is not clear, as it does not seem that the proposer of the motion in the Lords endea- voured to escape from the business), and the coach, which has run over several people, is in the act of upsetting. Lord Cobham, as foot- man, holds on to the straps behind, and Lord Lyttelton-a tall, gaunt figure-rides on horse- back after the carriage. In the foreground of the picture, Pulteney, drawing a set of partisans after him by their noses, wheels a barrow, laden with the Craftsman, the Champion, and other journals in the interest of the Opposition ; but he sees the catastrophe, and exclaims, " Zounds ! they're over ! " Further on, Sandys, letting fall his Place Bill, and throwing up his hands and arms is dismay, exclaims, " I thought what would come of putting him on the box! " -alluding to the Duke of Argyle ; while, not far from the coach, Smallbrook, Bishop of Lieh field, bows obsequiously to the great folks. Several editions of the print were published (some with variations), and the " patriots " re- torted with a parody. The original was accom- panied by some veises, rather humorously conceived ; and Horace Walpole, writing ;to Conway, speaks highly of the whole, and espe- cially commends the likenesses. The Second Pretender's rebellion was fruit- ful in caricatures, of which the most famous is Hogarth's March of the Guards to Finchley, on their way to the north. The city trained ban'ds were at this period made the subject of much disrespectful joking ; indeed they had a hard time of it during the whole of the century, down to the days when Cowper had his fling at them in Johnny Gilpin. After the suppression of the formidable rising in Scot- land, the caricaturists seem for a long while to have divided their attention between the politics of the hour, and the eccentricities of fashion, or other social topics ; giving quite as' much attention to the latter as to the former. This waa the epoch of Hogarth's great produc- tions, in which comic art was raised to the highest level. But, though Hogarth had no equal, he had contemporaries of considerable ability as fugitive caricaturists. We see much of their ,work in Mr. Wright's volume, and it gives us no mean idea of their readiness and skill It is curious to observe how long the feeling of antagonism to the House of Hanover, as some- thing foreign and degrading, lasted with a large proportion of the people. In several of these caricatures the British Lion is represented in various ignominious positions relatively to the Hanoverian White Horse. Politics, how- ever, as in most times, frequently gave place to social matters. The rivalries of Garrick and other eminent actors ; the quackery and inso- lence of Dr. Hill, a surgeon and journalist, who made some little name about the middle of the century, by his scurrility and assurance ; the egregious hoax of the Bottle Conjuror at the Haymarket Theatre ; the earthquake of 1750, the apprehension of which threw all London into spasms of terror, but which, when it came, proved to be so gentle that, as Horace Walpole said, "you might have stroked it;" the Betty Canning Mystery; the Cock-lane Ghost; the rage for Handel and other foreign musi- cians ; the extravagance of the rich, and the exaggerations of fashion ; these were favourite subjects with the caricaturists of the time of George the Second and of the early years of George the Third. Towards the conclusion of the former reign, and for some time after, great complaints were made of the profligacy of manners, and of the evils introduced into the country by the importation of French modes and tastes. It cannot be questioned that the grievance was a serious one, and that our national morals were never more depraved, shameless, and impudently coarse, than at the period in question. Young men of fashion, having made the grand tour—often in company with tutors who were proficients in every species of debauchery—returned to England worse than they left, and propagated at home the vices they had learnt abroad. Even though we may not accept as a true picture, in any general sense, the terrible account given by Churchill, in his poem called The Times, we ' must yet allow that society in the middle of the eighteenth century was deplorably corrupt. The Hell-fire Club, and other associations of a similar character, maintained a standard of villany which every young rake did his utmost to reach ; the ladies were often as bad as the gentlemen ; masked balls and open-air enter- tainments at Vauxhall and Ranelagh contri- buted to the general laxity of morals ; and the style of female dress reflected the spirit of the epoch. The hoops, which had been large enough in the days of George the First, became much more outrageous in the next reign ; and a con- temporary caricature represents a lady being let down with a crane and pulley into her sedan chair by three assistants, who carefully lower her through the open roof. The head-dresses were equally absurd. They were piled up to an enormous height by the aid of false hair, cushions, pins, pomatum, feathers, ribbons, and artificial flowers ; and very singular are the pic- tures we here find of the fantastic forms they were made to assume. The men soon rivalled the women in eccentricity of dress. For a year or two subsequent to 1770, the Macaronies, as the young beaux for a while delighted to call themselves, were the talk of the town, the rage of the moment, and the subjects of wits and caricaturists. Going back a few years, we find Hogarth, towards the conclusion of his life, involved in a bitter quarrel with Wilkes and Churchill, the mortification resulting from which is thought to have hastened his death. The painter had i received a pension from Lord Bute, who, on rising to power shortly after the accession of George the Third, made a great show of patronising literature and art, though doubtless with no other object than to procure support for his Ministry, of which it stood greatly in need.' In the fervour of his new-born political zeal, Hogarth attacked his old friend Wilkes in Number one of the prints called The Times. Wilkes retaliated in the North Briton; Churchill assisted on the same side, in his Epistle to William Hogarth ; and a great many caricatures were published, representing the painter per- forming ignominious services for the Minister, or receiving his day. Lord Bute is frequently typified by the comic artists of the time in the form of a large jack-boot, by way of a pun upon his title. Smollett, a paid ad- vocate of the Scotch favourite; and himself a Scotchman, was severely ridiculed about this time ; for all our Northern fellow-subjects were then regarded as Jacobites, or as a set of hungry adventurers who came to England' to pick up what they could get. The unpopularity of Lord Bute has hardly ever been equalled, but it was shared by his fellow Ministers, espe- cially Henry Fox, afterwards Lord Holland, whose name lent itself very readily to the carica curists. On the other hand, Wilkes and Pitt were the idols of the populace, until Pitt accepted a place in the Upper House, under the title of Lord Chatham, when he was looked upon as a tool of the Court party, which was still ruled in secret by Bute,' though that nobleman had been compelled to retire from the Ministry. I In a caricature published about 1770, Wilkes is pictured as a patriot worried by two dogs, one of which has the features of Dr. Johnson, while the other is distinguished by the head of some Court writer whose identity cannot now be traced. Johnson was frequently caricatured. A print issued in 1782 shows him as an owl, standing on two of his own volumes, and leering at the heads of Milton, Pope, and others, which are surrounded with starry rays. This was in allusion to his depreciatory remarks con- tained in his recently published "Lives' of the Poets." The face is powerfully drawn, and is probably a good likeness of the doctor, from the exaggerated and unsympathetic point of view. It would be impossible, in the compass of a single essay, to follow the complicated politics of the reign of George the Third, as exemplified in the comic art of that long era ; for the cari- caturists were very busy during the whole' of those sixty years. The love of caricature seems to have increased as the eighteenth century wore on towards its close, and a vast number of pictorial squibs were issued during the days of the second Pitt and Fox, of Burke and She- ridan, of Shelburne, North, Warren Hastings, Grattan, Horne Tooke, and the other eminent politicians of the time. The faces of all these men have been rendered familiar to us by the burlesque artists of the period, who did not spare royalty itself. Indeed, George and his consort were frequently made the subjects of ludicrous pictures, which could hardly have been flattering to their self- esteem. They were represented as " Farmer George and his wife," a very common- place couple, equally plain ' in looks and in costume; as misers hugging their bags of gold ; as frugal, homely people, frying sprats or toasting muffins; as sordid economisers, trying to save a few pence in any shabby way ; as perambulators about Windsor and Wey- mouth, scraping acquaintance with the pea- santry, and staggering them with rapid and irrelevant questions; and in other ludicrous or ignoble relations. Of course, the celebrated story of the apple dumplings, told by Peter Pindar in a well-known poem, was illustrated by the draughtsman of the time. A caricature on this subject, depicting his Majesty "learning to make apple dumplings," was published in November, 1797. The King's passion for hunt- ing, his coarse features and ungainly figure, his over-familiarity of manner, and his devotion to trivial pursuits, were repeatedly satirised by the artists of the latter part of the last century. It used to be said-whether justly or not—that his majesty gave so much time to 'agriculture that he neglected the duties of State ; and he was also accused of wasting a good deal of petty ingenuity in making buttons. But the avarice of the august pair was what the caricaturists were most fond of holding up ¡to popular aversion and ridicule. " A very clever caricature was published by Gillray, entitled ' Anti-saccharites,' in which the king and queen are teaching their daughters to take their tea without sugar, as a 'noble example of economy.' The princesses have a look of great discontent, but their royal mother exhorts them to persevere : ' Above all, remember how much expense it will save your poor papa.' The king, delighted with the experiment, exclaims, 'O delicious ! delicious ! ' " Another caricature by the same artist, published in the same year (1792), after the arrival of news of the defeat of Tippoo Saib, shows us Dundas, as the Minister who took charge of Indian affairs, communi- cating the intelligence to the monarch and his consort, The Secretary of State announces that " Seringspatam is taken-Tippoo is wounded and millions of pagodas secured." George, who is dressed in the costume of a huntsman, ex claims, " Tally ho ! ho ! ho ! ho ! " while Char lotte sighs forth, " O the dear, sweet pagodas ! " Gillray, it appears, had a personal cause for disliking the king, the latter having once spoken of the artist's sketches with contempt. Yet in December, 1790, Gillray had published a very loyal caricature, representing Dr. Price, the Unitarian clergyman, as a disseminator of treason, anarchy, and atheism, and Burke as the illustrious upholder of the Crown and reli- gion. Exactly a year later, we find him satirising William Pitt as a toadstool spring- ing out of the royal crown, which is described as " a dunghill." Price could hardly have been more revolutionary than that. The most eminent caricaturists of the later years of the eighteenth and earlier years of the nineteenth centuries were Gillray, Rowlandson, and Sayer. Gillray may be said to have te fashioned and reanimatcd tho art. His best works are marked by real genius--by great in- ventiveness, lively characterisation, considerable humoui, und no mean' executive skill. His later works are not so good as his earlier ; some of them, indeed,' he only engraved, without designing. Rowlandson was coarser, but not ' devoid of talent ; and Saycr, though less known at the present day than either of the others, was ingenious and prolific. The comic art of the reign of the third George was more varied and elaborate than that of the two preceding reigns ; but it was also more vulgar in spirit and design. The astounding ugliness of cos- tume which set in about 1780, and continued in several forms for many years, was equalled by the heavy, debauched, bloated, and mean faces of the people ; and both these facts were made the most of by the caricaturists. The profligacy and spendthrift habits of the Prince of Wales were severely lashed in many of the caricatures of that period ; but in a little while personal matters gave place to the more important considerations arising out of the revo lutionary condition of France, the spread of agitation in our own country, and the great war which speedily burst out between ourselves and the newly-established republic. The,' anti revolutionary and anti- Gallican feeling 'of the uppeir and middle classes of England insuffi- ciently proved by the caricatures reproduced or described by Mr. Wright, which are almost all on the national and conservative side. The French are held up to ridicule in every csnceivable way, and John Bull is made to think the most of himself. The brilliant achievements of our army and navy were commemorated in many forms. Although there is a little occa- sional satire at the expense of the volunteers, and an outbreak of grumbling now and then at the taxes, the sentiment, on the whole, is strongly on the side of loyalty. Buonaparte is depicted as a braggart, coward, and imbecile little manikin. The amount of national self esteem which was thus encouraged, looks half ludicrous, half- pitiable, at this distance of time. A debased and clap-trap spirit came over the comic art of the period, and it is impossible to glance back at it with any sentiment of satisfac- tion. In one of Gillray's sketches, George the Third appears as the King of Brodignag, hold- ing in his hand the diminutive figure of Buona- parte, whom he is scanning through an opera glass, and addressing in these words,, slightly altered from Swift's text: "My little friend Grildrig, you have made a most admirable panegyric upon yourself and country ; but, from what I can gather from your own relation, and the answers I have with "much pains wring'd (sic) and extorted from you, I cannot but conclude you to be one of the most pernicious little odious reptiles that Nature ever suffered to crawl upon the surface of the earth." The like- ness of George in this print is very good i but the portrait of Napoleon presents quite the re- verse of his real appearance. He is drawn with the lantern jaws and approximating nose and chin of a very old man-though he was 'then young- and his hair is carroty red ! The per- sonal appearance of the great general could not then have been much known in England ; but some of the later sketches are better. It is re- markable, by the way, that the popular ideal of John Bull continued even te the early years of the present century very different from that which is now accepted, as if it had come down to us from time immemorial. The costume, wig included, is that of the eighteenth century ; shoes and buckles occupy the place of the now familiar top boots ; and the type of the face is rather German or Dutch than English. The modern John Bull must have come up after the peace of 1815. Mr. Wright's volume concludes with ' the death of George the Third, in January, 1820, and its final pages are occupied with some of the fashionable oddities, in the way of male and female dress, of the concluding years of that leng reign. The dandies and dandizettes of 1819-20 must have been a strange race. "Dandizette" was a term applied to the femi- nine devotees to dress, and their absurdities were fully equal to those of the dandies. 'We are now, however, touching upon our own day. The rising race of caricaturists were men whose works and lives bring us down to the present moment; for the most remarkable of them is still alive. George Cruikshank connects the age of Gillray, Rowlandson, and Saver, with that of the elder Doyle, Leech, the younger Doyle, and Tenniel. The Georgian and the Victorian eras are linked together by the genius of this admirable humourist, who was a pictorial reformer in the evil days of the Regency, and who still survives to employ his pencil on' social topics in the better times which have ensued. All the Year Mound. Character.-If superior beings regard the woila, and are curious in the observation of character, ,how few instances they will be able to discern of any vice, or virtue, or quality being thoroughly carried out ! There certainly bave been eome splendid specimens of consistent cruelty amongst mankind, such as Judge Jcffiies. Rut, for the most part, the characters of men aie of a mottled description. The envious man is not al weja enyious ; the jealous not always jealouB ; and, as fur good qualities, I suppose we must own that they are seldom carried to a surpassing height. But there is one class of character, happily not very common, which is often raised to the highest perfection in this planet. It is diilicult to describe this character by any single epithet ; but it is the character of one who, wherever placed, or into whatever circumstances he may be thrown, succeeds in bringing around him an atmosphere of contradic- tion, contention, and vexation, which may be said to be complete. This character has never been well ehrnwn in faction, for it is nut a dramatic character. It does not create dramatic incidents : it causes no e-igual murders, nor robberies, nor disasters of any lund : it only makes a number of people miserable : it oi.ly brings into light whatever is seamy, sordid, tind unpleasant in all those with whom it ia brought into contact. Wherever it is, there are plenty of quarrels. It is generally in the wrong ; but is, if possible, more hateful when it is in the right. That hne line of Byron'« "And whero he gazed, a gloom pervaded space," might be parodied thus " And where he gazed, a seam pervaded space." Ever) body knows the astonishing effect that maybe produced by a little canful of oil poured upon the waters, and how a film of wondrous thinness,,and yet of marvellous potency in stilling a tempest, may thus be produced. Prom such a character as I j am describing, there emanates s subtle fluid of an exactly opposite desoíiption. I almost think that such people might have an effect upon inanimate nature ; and that if they were to talk, to the Bay of Biscay, the Atlantic waves would bound in upon the shoie with additional indignation, and retire from it, grating and rasping among the pebbles with an increased spiteiulnesa ana triitabiiity. Mr. Bright and thï Reform Club.-Mr. John Bright and Mr. W. £ Forster have resigned their membership of the Reform Club. The two right honourable gentlemen had joined in a requisition to the committee, proposing, in accordance with the rules of the club, an American gentleman as a member for one month ; but when the ballot was taken the can- didate was blackballed, whereupon Mr. Bright and Mr. Forster marked their sense of the refusal by theil retirement from the Club. The whole subject will probably be brought before a general meeting of members. The Pott says that the gentleman black- balled is Mr, G. W. Smalley, the London correspond- ent of the New York Tribune. A requisition, signed by nearly 100 members of Parliament, besides about twenty other members of the Reform Club, was pre- sented to the committee requesting them to convene a general meeting of the club, in order to reconsider the recent decision which has led to tho withdrawal of Mr. Bright and Mr. Forster. The Reform Club con- sists of 1400 members, a great number of who ra" ara resident in the provinces. The Observer says that Mr. Bright and Mr. Forster have since withdrawn their íesignations, ia compliance with the desire of the committee, who at their meeting on Friday, July 2, re'used to sanction the minutes in which the hostile vote had been recorded. Btoves v. OrEN Grates.-The open fire is retained, observes the Engineer, in our drawing-rooms not only because it ia pleasant to look at-and this is something-but because it is not injurious to health, aa is the stove. The latter heats solely by raising the temperature of the air of an apartment. Hid is in a great measure inimical to free ventilation ; because, if plenty of cold air ia admitted, the tempe- rature of the room is reduced, and the exclusion ol' cold air is one reason why a handful of fuel Will do in a stove. The open fire, on the contrary, dart« its rays of heat through the sir direct to the person or thing ; and thus it is quite possible to bask in the beams of a friendly fire, and feel quite comfortable too, while a volume of fresh air is rolling though the room, which would cool down a stove-heated apartment to s moat uncomfortable point, Thero are other reasons, on. which we need not stop to dwell, why the open ure it to be preferred. A.M. oa P.M. f-" The Royal train arrived at Perth at 8.30 on Saturday evening. . , . The Royal party breakfasted in the station refreshment loone. How exhausted the Royal party must have been, going without their breakfast until half-pnt 8 at night! Or ia this now the fashionable hour for that xacal ?-Punch. 