PUBLIC DEDICATIONS, The following dedications of lands for pub lic purposes have been gazetted:— Near the town of Bingera : 7a. 2r. for a general cemetery. At Cherrytree Hill, between Kentucky and Uralla : 2a. for a public school. Town of Inverell : 1a. 2r. for a wesleyan church and minister's residence. At Moonby : 7a. 2r. for a general cemetery. Near the Nymboida River : 2a. for a public school. Village of Ollera : 1a. 2r. for a Presbyterian church and manse. Lessees will be permitted to purchase im proved lands at the following total sums:— On Paradise Creek, 40a., £41 ; Waterloo run, 40a., £46. At the meeting of the Railway Committee on Monday evening some routine business was transacted, and the Mayor was re quested to write to the Government asking when the railway to Muswell Brook would be open for traffic. The meeting adjourned for a fortnight. Burton's circus troupe have been per forming in Armidale this week, and, con sidering the threatening appearance of the weather, there has been a fair attendance. The performers are numerous and clever, the horses well trained, and the entertain ment is worthy of the patronage of all classes. It will be seen by an advertisement that Armidale now possesses a second medical gentleman—a desideratum very much re quired, since the illness and death of Dr. West. Dr. Bedford is a nephew of the Chief Justice, and the son of a medical gen tleman, both being circumstances warrant ing the belief that no pain's nor expense have been spared in fitting Dr. Bedford to occupy a high position in his distinguished profession. Conditional purchasers are reminded that interest on their selections must be paid to the "Under Secretary for Finance and Trade," before the 31st instant. We have received a copy of another issue of "The Ghost," the rival to the Sydney Punch. The cartoon, which represents Mr. W. Foster coming, into the library with a bug in the grip of a pair of tongs on one side and on the other Mr. Forster and Mr. Robertson clasping hands in warm friend ship, is excellently executed. There are some very amusing bits in the letter press, but the worst feature in the publication is sowing the seeds of enmity between reli gious denominations. In a bit of doggerel the member for New England is termed a racoon, and the member for Tenterfield a blind owl. Mr. Blythe has just received printed copies of the Electoral List for New England for 1869-70, which will immediately be exhibited at the various court houses in the district. All applications respecting the same must be made to the C.P.S. before the 28th instant (that date being a Sunday). We strongly advise every person qualified to be an elector to immediately examine the list, and get his name put on if omitted, or corrected if spelt wrongly, parti cularly as a general election under this very list may be confidently expected. We have reason to believe that such an examination is highly necessary, as we surmise that the list is a bungled affair from the fact that in three minutes we have discovered that Mr. Craigie's name is omitted, while, on the other hand, there are the names of Patrick, Thomas, and Lau rence Coughlin, all of Blackfellows' Gully, numbered as 438, 439, and 440, yet on another page the same names, with the same place, occur, but numbered 508, 509, and 510. If the list has many such speci mens, we wonder what it is worth as it stands. We repeat that every person who values a vote should examine a copy of the list before the 28th Instant— that day being to-morrow week.There is, therefore no time to be lost. The number of electors according to the roll is 2272, but of course it is incorrect. At the Government land sale held at Armidale on Monday, 10 lots were sold at the upset price, and one lot of which the upset price was £1 per acre realised £3 5s. per acre. Lot M, of 80 acres, was withdrawn from sale by the Iand Agent, on his own responsi bility, under the following circumstances:—It was conditionally selected on the 22nd Feb, 1866, by a person who had fulfilled the requisite conditions. Although three years had expired, the three months' grace allowed for making the declaration would not expire till the 22nd May. The selector, who knew nothing of his improved selection being advertised in the 'Gazette' for sale, by the Government, called upon the Land Agent on Thursday and made his de claration. It was very fortunate that Mr. Blythe took the trouble to enquire into the matter in time. There was no offer for the other lots. On Wednesday Mr. Markham offered by auction, on the Armidale course the positions alloted for the publicans' booths, and sold them at the following high rates. All the publicans of Armidale were either present or represented. No. 1 was bought by Mr. Ince, for £9 5s. ; No. 2 by Mr. Callaghan, for £8 ; No. 3, by Mr. Benjamin, for £9 1s. ; No. 4 (the Stew ards' booth), by Mr. Wickenden, for £10 ; No. 5, by Mr. Galvin, for £8; and No. 6,by Mr. Gordon, for £7 2s. A very singular case of child desertion occurred the other day on Salisbury station. From what we can learn, it would appear that a woman and her brother were travelling across the run, when the woman was suddenly taken ill and confined of a child. After a time the infant was left behind a log, and the unfeel ing pair went on. A shepherd came by accident near the spot; heard the infant's cries, and took it to a hut. About the same time, or shortly after, the woman and her brother, came up to the hut. Fortunately the woman acknowledged the infant, and suckled it. It is still living, and the woman is remaining on Salisbury, under the surveillance of the police, until she has recovered sufficiently to answer a charge of endan gering the life of the child by exposing it. It is said that she throws all the blame on her brother, who is in custody at Uralla on a similar charge. Wheat seems to be getting firmer at Armidale. A short time ago we heard of several farmers willing to take 2s. 6d. per bushel cash for a limited quantity. Wheat can still be got for 3s. cash, but fro mules being scarce, and many turning their attention to the possibility of feeding horses on wheat, the price of wheat will probably advance soon. We are informed that if wheat is steeped for a few hours, and then fed in small quantities to horses, they soon get accus tomed to and do well upon it. And the improving state of the wheat market at Sydney and Maitland is also having a favourable effect on those farmers who are out of debt and not obliged to sell immediately. Northern Queensland and Grafton seem also to be receiving a considerable quantity of New England flour, and the local mills appear to be busily, em ployed. It seems that the dead body of a newly-born child was found recently in Tenterden Creek. Some police are on the spot investigating the matter, and we heard yesterday that Mr. Mackenzie, J.P., was con ducting a magisterial enquiry into the cause of death, the result of which had not yet arrived. It is sur mised that the case will be followed by a charge of child murder, if what is rumoured turns out to be correct. On Thursday Mr. Edward Baker received a very painful hurt. On taking hold of the bridle of his horse, which was hooked up in front of Alderman Trim's store, before he could free it from the hook the horse suddenly drew his head backwards, as if an noyed by a fly, and the fore finger of Mr. Baker's right hand, had the point of it, with the nail attached, torn off by its coming in contact with the hook. For tunately the bone was uninjured, and the wound is in a fair way of healing. On Sunday last a child of Mr. john Doherty's fell and severely injured its arm. The limb was believed to be broken, but on Dr. Bedford being called in he found it was not the case, and under his care the child is recovering. On Tuesday Mr. Mutlow received £4 12s. 6d. for the Armidale penny bank. Mr. Thos. Rae, of Falconer, writes to us as follows on the 17th Inst. :—To show what can be done with sheep when kept in small numbers, and that they will fatten on any run. I may inform you that I killed a wedder of mine yesterday evening which weighed to-day 90 lbs. net, and with caul fat 100 lbs. Mr. George Platt, a well-known butcher, who called last night, stated that he was the fattest sheep he had ever seen, either at home, where he was also a but cher, or here. It is expected that the Armidale course will be fenced in time for the approaching races, but it is not anticipated that the paling will be finished. Under these circumstances the Jockey Club will have a con siderable reduction in the income from admission, as the upset price for the gates will have to be reduced by an approximate estimate of the persons on foot who may be expected to attend the races 