PROROGATION OF PARLIAMENT. The Hon. John BoberleoB and the Hon. John Sutherland proceeded by rail to Throeby Park this morning. On arrival there, a meeting of the Executive Council was held, when the oiroumetaBoes of tbe pelitioal situation having been discussed, and the Hen. the Premier, on behalf of hinuelf and calleagaes, having submitted to his Excellency the Governor the reasons of the Government for advising the disaolntioa of the Assembly, a dissolution was granted b? his Eiocllenoy accordineW, In puraaanoe of the course resolved upon, a Gazette Extraordinary will be i-.iued this evening, containing the ueual proclamation proroguing Parliament. A farther proclamation, dissolving the Legislative Assembly, will be published on Hosday, and the writs for tbe new elections will be immediately issued. The Hon. the President of the Council and the Hon. the Speaker of ;the Assembly also viiited Throsby Park, and took op the various bills that had been passed during the Session. His Exoellency gave the Boyal Assent to the measures. Ihtiediotbd Lottkby. — It appears by the Goulbnrn Herald that the Government has interdicted the in tended lottery in aid of the f uiid for ending an Odd fellows' hall in the town of Gonlbnra. Cehtbal GnnciNAx Coust.— The following are the oaces set down for trial at the sittings of this court whioh commences on Monday, the 15th instant — Bis Honor Mr. Justice Cheeke presiding: — 1. Jobn Mason, mnrder. 2. John 0 lark, murder. 8. Bobsrt Bartey, manslaughter on the high seas. 4. Henry Redgratb, attempt to commit unnatural offence. 5. Thomas Patterson, using an instrument to procure a miscarriage, 6\. John Thompson, laroeny. 7. Denis Maskinlay, Patriok Haokiolay, George O'Brien. James Bogere, James Bourke, and Alexander Shaw, conspiracy. 8. Denis Mackinlay, fraudulent insolvency 9, Alexander Shaw, setting fin to a ship. 10. Jamea Andrews, perjury. 11. Joseph Salisbury, libel. 12. D'Arcy Hurray, libel. 18. Arthur Gore, burglary. 14. Jeremiah Griffiths, unnatural offence. 15, Martin Kelly, burglary. 16. John Henry Schryver, forgery. 17. Bmile Bnzine, bigamy. 18. Nioholae Stapleton, faudulent insolvency. Gbabd Cosoxbt. — A musical treat of no srdinary character is within the participation of our readers this evening, at the School of Arts, where Misses Amelia Bailey and Florence Oalaoda (late members of the celebrated Pouissrd- Bailey oorps), assisted by these riling and accomplished vocalists, Hisses L. and E. Eosten, give another of their successful serieB of oonoertt, tbe selections being principally chosen from the beet works of those eminent modern composers— Bal «, Wallace. Glover, Allen, and Kelly, with one or two of Bossini'i eompoaUicni to enrich the intermmio. Arrangements for scouring reserved teats may be made on application to Mr. Alfred Anderson, B A-M., Georgcitreet; while, to suit the million, prioeafaava bun oensiderately placed within the tetob of all that are open to the growth ot thon influences, which high* class music enooaragss. Pantos Altbxd Yaoht Club.— At a special meet ing of the Prince Alfred Yaoht Olab, held last even ing, to orauder the various protests entered against the boats engaged in the sixth race at the Balmain Begatta,, viz., the race for all yachts (handicapped) belonging to and sailing under th« rult s and regula tions of the Prinae Alfred Yacht 01 ub coarse, it was decided that the Eva was eisqualiled, en the rronni that she was not manned by amateurs, according to the definition laid down by the club. It was further agreed, however, as the best way of surmounting other difficulties whioh forced tbesualres upon their con sideration, to eupgest to the Bslmain ftepatta Com mittee the advisability of taking; steps to sail the race again; and it wis unaaimwuly xeoommendtd, on the ground of oonvenienoa, that the tveat should oome off m a fortnight from tbe present date, say Saturday, the 27th iss'ant It may be mentioned that tbe day in question is tbe 850th anniversary of the discovery of the Padfic Ocean. Pantos of Wales Omea Hoosb.— Misi Cleveland appeared for the last time yesterday evening, the entertainment being fer her benefit. Brerr portion of the house, with the exception of the dress circle, was filled, the latter being only moderately occupied. The play of '? Hamlet ' was {riven. Miss Cleveland appear ing as the Prinoe of Dsnmark. Nothing could have been fioer than her representation ot the mad Dane. Her reading was eoft, her voice well modulated, her elMution perfeot, and her action admirable. She was Ieudly applauded very frequently, and called before the curtain at the termination of each act. We nndentaad that this obarmiog and moat Buocessful actress will retire from the active duties of her profession for three months, and that she projects a visit to India, She oettaialy has aohieved gnat euooeam in Sydney, and attained a high reputation amongst all lovers ot the drama. To Miss Cleveland's Hamlet, Mr. Hollowly very carefully played tbe King, Mr. Douglas Horatio. Mr. Welsh Poloaius, Mr. Hall Laertes, and Mr. Bur* ford the Ghost of Hamlei's father ; Mrs. 0. Jones played Gertrude, and Mies Kate Corcoran, with muoh pathos, Ophelia, All the minor parts were well filled in. The 'Bough Diamond' com Dieted the pro gramme. This evening, Boucieault'e new drama, ' Formesa', is to be produced. It is expected that this extraordinary production will have a great run, and attract brilliant and fashionable audiences. 