' -- ! THE LYRE ;BIRD.".'!: - " 1 1 ' About three : weeks ago a curious action was, ;brought:in tlie Bail Court .to' try, the! right of two parties" to. a " lyre bird," which had been brought' .from Sydney, and sold to the Zoological Society fqr £100. According to tlie, plaintiff's caso (the Hon. J. G; Ellis), he had been- some time in Australia. i.He-woht to Sydney, pud called upon la person named! Palmer, m Hunter-street,. in. that city!. ' Palmer, was a naturalist, ana no had a nsalo lyre bird, wliicp was. a- very scarce bird, andthorefore veryvaluablo. It. -.bad been tamed, and Mr Ellis agreed to purchaso tips bird, and gave £ZS for it. Ho directed Palmer! to 'ondcavoiir to. obtain a female lyre bird, and- tq! send tliem oyer togbtbdr- to 'him in England by p! toSsoI (bailed La' Hqgiie.! Ho intended to .present, tliem tq the Zoblbgioal Society. Tlio,, defendant!! . (Ross) .was ' tho steward of that vessel, Upon tbq' ;sbipbrriirlng,"tbe plamtiff-recoiyed a loiter from tbo . (defendant) ' toting 'diwi ' he W«i» 'soriy' to inform, him! that' Palmer bad obtained another of those birds, and- !thibking it was a- fonialo bo had put' it iu the cage! 'wi(h the otber bird, but that during his absence the! birds had fought and killed aacji other; and ho -had' -brought him ovor the skins and tails of the'birds.. Tho dofendant took a similar bird to the Zoological ', Gardens; aiid sold it to the society for £100.. The', plaintiff; hearing this', went to tlio gardens and saw' !aii3:ibxamihe'd;the;l)iratin4 ho' was eppyiiioed tliat it. wii's'the bird Uo bad purobased of Paliiier. It took! notico wbep lib balled It " Cockey»" which was: tbo. name by wiick it went whoa tamed, linci in Palmor's pbs'sbssiq'u'. Mr Hawkins convulsed tlio Court with laughtorin oponipg tbo plaintiff's case. Tho bird when it thd'gardens bad quite reeoverod itself after, its voyage. It hopped ''about and fed, and appeared ! proud and happy. Its .tail 'had grown, and it was admired by all who saw it) wlietbor tiioy paid Is, or. |Sd on a Whit Monday, as woll as by the Fellows who had the ppporlunity of visiting it, at thoir lei-., euro on Siindajrs. At as(,'hbwbyor> this action was commenced, and that had a visible 'effect on the bird,. It scbrnqd to say, " I am now ; piillod about by laiy- f'ors and by inquisitive persons. Tiioy baya.put mq n' exhibits iu affidavits. I ami put in interrogatories j and this is not confined or limited to week days ; but Mr Denmnn, who ib a Follow, comes on Sundays, and qxqmines ! and oross-examines mo to my great nil- uoyanco; I'teh Btand ittnq longer. I will giyo up tbo ghost, and g6 iihd join tho other' birds in Paradise, who are my relatives." And the bird actually died. . The question was, whether this bird bad belongod to' the plaintiff or the defendant. The plaintiff swore that Repurchased a bird of Palmer, and lib believed jt to bo tho one he lind seen in the Zoological Giir-- flene. The defendant swore that ho. had bought, this, yery- bird of Palmer, giving 'liim £20 for it, and it was sent onboard bis ship five or six weeks' after the purchase. He called him " Jooy." . Ho , brought him home, and sold' him to the- 'Zoological Society. for'£100. Palmor wanted to repurchase tho bird af tor it was on board. Ho bad sold a Bimilar bird to the Bocioty tbo previous year for £125, whioh is still living. Tho jury returnod a vordict for tho plaintiff. - ' - ! The Sandhurst Fine Arts Exhibition was well patronised on Thursday, the number of visitors being 377, - and the receipts £8 17s 6d. -From this it will" be seen that it is every day growing! in favour, and is so far the greatest sucfeess ' of the kind'that lias been hold on Sandhurst: ' .,! . i A shocking"' wife' murder was qommitted ' on Sunday, May 23, at Asliburnham, a fow miles; from Hastings. ' Early in the morning, when, it- was soarcely light, a hoy of eight years of: age, tho son of a farmer named Jeremiah Stiibborfield, ivlio slept in tho same room with his parents, saw liis father kneeling upon his mother - and squeez ing her throat. Hearing his mother soream as if in pain, he said to his father, " You're hurting mother." The fathor replied, "You hold your tonguo, I'm only tickling her," and said that if tlie boy didn't hold his tongue, he would " see' to him." Stubborfield then dressed himself, and having kissed his wife and child, left the house. Other members -of the household had been dis turbed by the noise, and one of tliem ran to cail Stubberfiold's parents, who lived a few yards off. When they came to. the houso,' they found Mi's Stubborfield lying dead in tlio bed. Tlio muydorer was captured iu tlio' afternoon in a wood, 'and from a mark round' bis. throat and the state, of hiq olothos it is supposed that lie had attempted to commit Buicide both by hanging and drowning. He lies been committed .for trial.on tho capital charge,. . . ... .... -' . . Mr Pcabody has no intention of remaining in the' Unitod States, Among (lis benefactions thore is ono j for tho establishment and maintenance of schools in. tho Southern States. Thoy are not designed to bo; soIiooIb for "freodom's children" morely, but for black' and, whito alike; and tbo goneral plan being, now in a fair way of accomplishment, MrPoabody- has resolved to incrcaso his original donation. Ho hsBgono to America to sottlo tho business arrange ments, and ho intonds to return to this country in tho autumn or early noxt spring, 