By the Author of "Gkorgb Geith," i "The Race for "Wealth," "City anb j Suburb," " Phemxe Kellek," &e.; (The exclusive right of publishing "A Aeatoe1* in Sauti ; .Australia hae fceeu purchased by tiie proprietor* of the AUelaitk ■ Observer.} j CHAPTER XXL ANOTHER EVEKLXG. When Mr, Creaff asked his son-in-law how the "poor people had enjoyed themselves," that gentleman answered, " Veiy 'much indeed; tbe beef was juicy, the pudding rich, and the ale sound." "They ate as though they ne'er should eat again," finished the clergyman, but fortunately Mr. Creafr had not an idea what he was parodying. ^ " Mr. Hatdell purposed reading to them, Mr. Creaff said, continuing the subject. "That patt of the performance had not commenced when I came away, Mr. Trelwyn replied. " They were singing. "Indeed," exclaimed Air. Create who had not an idea hut that in his son-in- law's sentence the word psalm was implied, as well as on his own part understood. " Tt is wonderful to consider how enduring are the lessons learnt in childhood. Doubtless some of those poor creatures have never sung a hymn of praise since they left the charily- school, where they were instructed in all they know of good, until to-night. How I should have liked to hear them " " I don't think you would," reflected Mr. Trelwyn, hut he remained discreetly silent. "And did they seem grateful?" Mr. Creaff resumed. ** Very grateful," liis son-in-litw Answered. "Hardell told them all of your great kindness in the matter. He said that, however willing, it -would have been impossible for him to ask them to dinner, and that they must consider you as the actual giver of the feast, though he appeared as their host.' "That is what the old boy wants," thought George Trelwyn, and apparently he was right, for the "old hoy" said, after , swallowing a glass of port— "Really, Mr. Hardell is too conscientious; he makes too much of my poor help. Honour should only be given where honour is due." " That is precisely his opinion," Mr. Trelwyn struck in, "and therefore he<le- j elines to take any merit to himself." "But the idea was his entirely," Mr. | Creaff remonstrated. "And the carrying out yours," finished George. " Really, associating with that young man is doing my son-in-law a world of good," Mr. Creaff considered. 1 " If that do not stick a feather in Hardell s cap, I'm mistaken," said the clergyman to himself. " With bis talents he is thrown away m such a place as that," Mr. Creaff remarked. " I wish I were a Bishop for his_ sake." "If you were an Archbishop," Mr. Trelwyn replied, '' I do not think you would get him away from Essex Marsh while he is in his present working humour." "You think, then, his energy will not continue ?" "I think it cannot continue," was the replv; " there are physical limits which men cannot pass without suffering for their audacity. Hardell will try to pass those limits and be beaten, and when his capacity for work goes then very probably his desire for working may go likewise, or at least be modified considerably." " Has he any constitutional tendency to disease," asked Mrs. Creaff; "do you imagine he is consumptive ?" " No," answered Mr. Trelwyn, " I do not." " Then why do you think he will be ill ?' the lady enquried. "Because I am sure he works too hard," was the reply, whereupon Mrs. Creaff said, " Oh !" not comprehending. "For in those days, people not having taken too much out of themselves, or s'.en much of the evil consequences of people who did take too much out of themselves, were ignorant of, or at all events blind to, the eviis that we now know follow the man who is over eager to make money, or to gain fame, or to acquire knowledge. Even in the days of which I write the social pulse heats slower than is the case at present. The race was only beginning then, and there were but few who had entered themselves for it. In years gone by men and women entertained a very difi'erent idea of the curse of labour to that we understand by " In the sweat of thy brow shalt thou," &c;,, and so forth. Folks comfortably off looked down on Hodge and Sally, considering them a sort of scapegoat, intended by i rovidence to carry Eve's sin out into the wilderness of labour, and expiate it there for the comfort of the whole human race; but we know better now; you and I, my brother, who running a swifter race than Hodge or Sally ever dreamt of in the good old days departed, pant and struggle on to find the reward. What?—a bare competency in early life: a struggling manhood—and if we live to reach it, a premature old age, haunted by the spectres, paralysis, softening of the brain, or sudden death. Well, it were cowardly to lament, for our way is the way appointed, whether the pace he single or slow, whether we tread it in carriages or plod it wearily afoot. Nevertheless it is impossible to help speculating about the different life which once obtained, ere the battle became so fierce, and the race so swift, and the work so hard, and the day so long. And if it be vain to avoid looking back, it is equally hard to avert one's eyes occasionally from the probable future. How will it be with the men and women who are to follow us? If we have to get 38 hours' work into 24, | will they have to cram 48 hours into the j same period? Will they look back regret- | fully and say, "Would the easy idle life of j '(58 were here again! What times our worthy j ancestors must have had. They thought j they worked hard. Pshaw, they should see us!" | But God knows, friends of the next gene- j ration, we do not want to see you, if your j light be any fiercer, your race any more breathless than ours. Our battle has been hard enough, our pace | mad enough for us. If the need for you to fight be stronger than ours, if the race you run be any swifter, then we say better for us to be lying uuder your feet than swelling your ranks; better the churchyard, yew, and cypress, than the laurel weatli and the crown of roses won in such a iield. As for Mr. and Mrs. Creati, they had no more accurate conception of the meaning of work than was entertained by their carriage horses, or the butler who condescended to take charge of the Clapton cellar. Even in their Essex Marsh days labour had not come to them in the form of a curse. The traditional basket of stockings and pile of children's clothing did not fall to Mrs. Creaff's lot; while for Mr. Creaff, his father had lived before him, and left a sufficient sum when he gave up the ghost to ensure, with ordinary prudence and decent management, wealth and consideration to the man who came after. 1 They had lived quietly enough in Essex ' Marsh for many years, until, in fact, the young people began to grow up, and waxed j impatient of that unfashionable district; j but Mrs. Creaff always had her servants, j and Mr. Creaff his clerks; they had not j risen at unduly early houw, and so late taken j -wearied rest; they were of the second gene- 1 ration, and there is perhaps no generation— | even at the present day—which has less ; comprehension of labour and sorrow, of non- ; success, and the long hope deferred, than the j sons and daughters of a clever, fortunate, j and successful man. ! They come into the world with their bed made for them, and they put fine linen on ; the bed and rich, hangings, and rejoice that ' they have done so much better than their 1 fathers. To them life is a trained steed, j which they are proud of riding welL " Look ; at us cantering along the pleasant paths of s existence," they seem to say; and we do ; look, only to consider that, given an nn- 1 broken colt and a stiff country, there would soon be an end, not merely of their easy sea*, bat of their offensive style of horsemanship too. It was the most delightful thing possible to hear Mr. Creaff exhort a"*lad on his first appearance in the City office. To those o£ his clerks -who knew the formula, it always seemed as though the worthy principal were i aspiring to Aldermanic honours, and training himself for that style of oratory which produces so great a sensation at the Mansion House at Guildhall. "Be a good boy," he was wont to say. " Keep your time punctually, be attentive in business hours and prudent out of them, and though you commence without any salary now, you may ultimately pay larger salanes than any of these gentlemen receive. The road to riches is in England a public highway; remember, every man has a right to travel it. There, don't forget what I have said, and Mr. , just explain his duties to him." From which speech it will be clearly seen that Mr. Creaff thought if a man did not get on it was a man's own fault, for he was apt to forget a fact his clerks often tittered over in private, viz., that the road to ruin is quite as free to the general public as the way to success, and that to many it proves easier walking. Anyhow, one thing is certain— none of Mr. CreafFs employes " got on" very well in the world, and each new youth who entered the office was sneered at as a coming millionaire—as the Jiothscliild who was to verify the soundness of his employer's statement, and cast a reflected lustre on the house of Creaff for ever. There can be no doubt, however, but that Mr. Creaff thought he worked hard, and whenever the first breath of spring came, Mrs. Creaff was wont to declare that they must try to get out of town; poor Mr. C. was so done up with anxiety ana close application to business. To obviate the bad effects likely to ensue from Mr. Creaff driving into town at 11, and returning to Clapton at 4, from a biscuit and glass of sherry at 12, and a more substantial luncheon at 2; from reading the Times at breakfast, and discussing politics with the City men who dropped m; from enquiring of his clerks whether such and such orders had been executed, and letters written, and money received, and money paid; the entire Creaff household found it necessary to go down, to Brighton in November, to Scarborough in the early summer, | and abroad at a later period of the year. 1 That any one had ever such tremendous responsibilities aud commercial anxieties as her Mr. C., Mrs, Creaff never believed, and therefore it seemed simply absurd to the good lady to say that a mere curate could be in the slightest danger of injuring his health with overwork. It was as ridiculous as supposing that any one of Mr. C.'s clerks could fall ill from a similar cause. He had nothing to do but visit—walk about and visit. Aud write a sermon? Yes, that of course; but he could easily manage the sermon in an evening; and then, as for preaching, why it was nothing more than reading for a few hours. "He cannot have as much to do as you, George, even," Sirs. Creaff once hazarded, "for yon, of course, have a position to keep up, and must drive long distances and meet desirable people. I remember when your father was in Essex Marsh, he had not a thing to do from morning till night. That was in our time, of course."' "I fear my father did not find much to do at any time," was the reply, "and I know thai although the work was there lying ready to my hand I did not do it; but Mr. Hardell is a different man to either of us, and he has not only found the work but performs it." "He certainly preaches well," Sirs. Creaff observed. ".Not that I have anything, George, to say against your sermons when you take pains with them." "My dear Madam, I am inexpressibly honoured." " All I hope," chimed in Miss Creaff, " is that you won't turn the young man's head among you. There is papa praising his disinterestedness, and you, mamma, his preaching, aud George everything about him. For my part, I think that he may be very well for poor people, but that he is quite unsuited for any superior position." " Poor Iiardell!" ejaculated the Hew George. " Yes, mock if you like, George," said the young lady, " but I am not apt to take up an opinion hastily or erroneously, and Mr. Harclall strikes me as being singularly yavche and underbred." From which it will be seen that Andrew had committed the great sin of not bowing down before the Miss Creaffs and worshipping them. He had not tied himself to | their bonnet-strings, or grown confused when I they fastened their eyes on him in church. J When the whole party walked home with him after service to the vicarage, he did not feel, while the last silk dross rustled through the porch, that Eden was opening before him; on the contrary, he often very heartily wished Mr. Cx- eaff, and Mrs. Creaff, and the young ladies, together with their men servants and the cattle in then- carriage, very heartily at Jericho—or Clapton. If Madge Forster had failed to touch his heart, it was not likely any of the female Creaffs should make havoc there; and though George Trelwyn often laughingly bade him "beware," it was not because that gentleman really thought he stood in any danger. " Wait till you are a Bishop, and then you can marry for love," the elder man advised; "if you cannot do that, never many at all." "Whereupon the other answered— "I never shall marry." Which determination George Trelwyn confided in due time to Mrs. Creaff, who straightway, with all a woman's fondness for making converts, thought it would be only time to save him from Popery, aud show him the error of his ways. That any man could be so blinded as to prefer " a lonely life," that was to say, a life unblessed by one of the Misses Creaff, or other young woman of the same stamp, seemed to Mrs. Creaff incredible. "Depend upon it," she said, "he has been crossed in loveand George Trelwyn answered, " Very likely." From • ail of which it will be seen that Andrew Hardell usurped more of the conversation in, and a larger portion of the thoughts of, Mr. Creaif's family circle than might—considering he was " only a curate"'— at rirsi bo quite intelligible. But then, as has been already intimated, Mr. Creaff was disposed to look upon the black uniform with favour. His first venture in that line had been fortunate, had secured him a footing on that stepping- stone between trade and birth whereon it had been his ambition for years to stand; and now, supposing that by means of Mr. Hardell he could cross right over into the pleasant land whereof his dreams were verv lovely—what then? On the one hand, behold Mr. Hardell, a man connected with some of the best blood in England—and yet on the other poor enough to consider mating with one of the demoiselles Creaff promotion—a gentleman, yet simpler in his tastes, habits, and manners than any City stockbroker or second-rate merchant with whom Mr. Creaff was ac\x=req-\ quainted—a man gifted beyond other men with powers of eloquence, with talents far above the average, who might some day be addressed as " my Lord," and wear lawn sleeves and a preposterous apron. It is always as well to bear in mind that when the Creaffs were thinking of or talking about Andrew Hardell, they believed they were really thinking of aud talking about Anthony. Given double the talents, the modesty and the shrinking from society, together with the knowledge that he was the son of Hardell, yeoman, who had stood his trial for murder, and been acquitted upon the ground of " not proven," and the result would have been probably very different. They would have said. hi3 talents were given to him to push his way in the world, that his modesty was only becoming to his station though unusual in it, and that he merely shrank from society because no doubt he felt himself unfitted to mix in it; whilst as for the murder, " Very sad indeed —of course there can be but one opinion about it and him. He should have emigrated, aud not placed us all in this extremely painful position. Of course we cannot attend his church or receive his ministrations with any pleasure or profit. The Bishop should really j interfere, and Ms vicar ou£ht to have known better." But tlien you see, ray friends, the Creaffs "were labouring under a delusion, as perhaps many o£ you are labouring likewise at this present moment. If you only could be certain that the cabman with a flower in his button-hole, with whom you have been squabbling for ten minutes oyer sixpence, were next heir to the great Robinson Jones's property, would you not press the disputed, coin on his acceptance, and all in a flurry beg liim to come in and have a glass of wine! You would remark that the butler whom (under present circumstances) you propose to call as a witness to the ruffianly language of 10,970 could see to his horse for a moment. You would ask him tenderly if he had never thought of giving up cab-driving, and earning bis living in a mode more consonant with his rank. Yon would remark to the wife of your bosom what a sad thing it was to see So-and-So perched up aloft like the cherub who sees after poor Jack, and you would go to bed feeling amiable and disinterested, and altogether in as goody and maudlin a frame of mind as if you had given an unusual fifty pounds to an hospital, or had a beggar in on Christmas Day to regale with a mince pie and lump of beef. And, on the other side, if you only knew that the man whose salt you are eating had sometliing against him, would not your laugh be less hearty, your next acceptation of his invitation more tardy. You are good enough and kindly enough, for the men aud "fclie women amongst wiiom 1 we live and move and have our being are not all mercenary, or ungenerous, or uncharitable, but you are influenced by external influences like your neighbours, aud that is perhaps the very reason why you like to read what I, and such as 1, can tell you about your own human nature, which you share in common with Mr. Creaff, though your vanities, and weaknesses, and ambitions may lead you into different channels from those he selected. Once upon a time, not many years ago, there were two men living in the same neighbourhood with the author, both, it might have been presumed, well to do, since they I respectively occupied large houses, and maintained establishments in proportion to their j apparent means. ' The one was a member of the Society of Friends, but the other, judging from his dress, belonged to the outer and more worldly world. It was the privilege of the author often to encounter these men in an omnibus by which they habitually travelled, when food for speculation was supplied by the manner in which the " Friend" always insisted on sitting next his acquaintance, slipping his arm through his, whispering commercial secrets into his ear, and making himself generally obnoxious to the other occupants of the mournful conveyance. David and Jonathan's friendship was as nothing compared to that of the two City men, until one day when the worldly man failed. He became bankrupt, or made a composition, or did something equally open to censure, aud from thenceforth he had not merely to bear the loss of money, but also to feel the absence of fulsome greeting—of prolonged hand-shakes—of confidential mur muruigs.. The man lies wounded, having fallen among thieves, or having made a false step or two himself. Pass him bj^ oh! Christians, stride over him—let him alone—ye are as gods knowing good from eviL You have eaten of the tree, why should you not show your power of discrimination? The world is given us to make the best of. Make the best by worshipping gold aud rank. Why not? Long live Mammon and Genesis. Why not ask every man to your table you think can advance your interests, or who is one of the limited "washed?" Why not consult him about your sons, and give Viim your daughters in marriage, and if you find he has been deceiving you, let it be but ever so little, you can turn round and say— '' Friend, if I had only known what a black sheep you really were, you never should have entered my fold; begone!" . The thing is easy enough, and frequently enough practised. Lazarus goes to a rich man's house, aud being a creature possessed of pleasant manners, aud having a decent coat on his back, is entertained sumptuouslv, till his poverty is comprehended, when, politely—for tins is a polite age, if it have no other virtue—Dives gives him to understand, and so forth, after "which the poor beggar limps away without even crumbs to satisfy him—all which is aprojtos to Mr. Creaif and Mr. Hardell, the latter of whom in due time put in an appearance at " The Pines" on New Year's eve, and was introduced to a select dinner company, consisting, including himself, of IS persons. [We have only received enough copy of "Life's Assize" by the English mail, which arrived on Tuesday, for the present week. Serious illness has prevented the author sending the usual quantity; and we musttherefore request our readers to wait patiently the arrival of the next mail before we can resume the tale.—Ed.] 