EAST MELBOURNE v. SOUTH MELBOURNE; \ After the match between Melbourne and its younger rival (East Melbourne) the above match may be said to have the moat interest attached to it. ? Both sides brought their best, team into the fioU,1 bo that a close and exciting game was antici pated. The East Melbourne, . from their well jnown capabilities both with the bat and m the ; fiol^i ivpvp tliA favorites*, thouch not a'icw firmly iverred that the cricketers of the. Southern suburb would amply compensate for their short comings in these departments of the game by: tho superiority of their bowling. The convincing -nround was the East Melbourne one, where a tolerable pair of wickets had been prepared by the curator of the local turf. ? At about half -past 2 o'clock East Melbourne/having won the toss, commenced the game by sending Don Campbell and Gaggin to the wickets to the howling of Allan and JVI'.Grann. Allan led off with a maiden to Gaggin. which. was steadily played. These two batsmen played the bowling opposed in a most cricket like manner; some of M'Gann'fl over pitched ones getting it very hot from Gaggin, who made two splendid drives for four each from him. After oveiv twenty had appeared on the telegraph, Allan effected a parting between them, by bowling Gaggin, off, his body after he had made 16 111 capital form. Egglestone supplied the vacancy, but was bowled by Allan in the third ball for nil. Goldsmith now joined Don Campbell, who, up to this time had been playing with remarkable steadiness. A further stand was made by these two, when Goldsmith skied one to Heather at ' long on' (off Osborne who had relieved M'Gann) which, though a very eas3r catch was declined in the most curious manner. After this extra innings Goldsmith warmed to liif) work, and between him and Donald Campbell the field had a little .employment. At this stage, of the game a change of bowling was deemed ad visable, and Conway went oa vice Osbonie. The change had the desired effect, as D. Campbell, iu the first over, skied one oi Conway's, which was safely . deposited in Taylor's, hands. Donald Campbell made. 13 in liis usual masterly style, leg hitting. W. Campbell and Goldsmith now became partners, the former taking the last ball of the over from Conwuy, which brought him to face Allan, who proved too many for him by bowling him off his body before he had added anymore to his score^ 0. Williams came next, but was almost immediately caught at the wickets by a splendid catch off Conway.. Riggall was Goldsmith's next companion, but he declined to stay long, Allan again administering with fatal effect. Ferryman here joined Goldsmith, but had the misfortune to lose his partner, who was bowled by a ' bumpy one' again from Allan off his body.. Goldsmith made 27, and was at the wickets a considerable time for his runs, but ho ought to have been out Ion' before he had seen this number;' his score, though a good one, was not devoid of chances. Alice, the' funny man of the team, filled the vacant post, and made a single, whon Perrymau was bowled by Osborne, who had relieved Conway. Moodie followed Perryman, and between him and the wicket keeper., secured about '?? 10 runs, when M'Gann bowled Moodie for 7; Dan Wilkie, the East j\\[cl ?bourne 'skipper,' was last man ; , be ? however had not time to do much damage, as. Alleo was run out, leaving the lion. Captain, not out, with i to his name. Alice's 12 weve obtained in a very streaky manner.' Thus the innings of East Melbourne closed for the moderate total of (for them) 91. The bowling of Allan was magnificent, none of the opposing batsmen being able to thoroughly master it. Conway also bowled very well for the short time he was on. The wicket keeping of Blair deserves mention, while the fielding occasionally was a littlo better than in usually exhibited by the cricketers of ' the Hill.' No time was lost by South Melbourne in sending in two representatives in the persons of Allan ana Blaiv, ; to |the ' bowling of Wilkie (slows), and Moodie (fast). The two batsmen seemed to be quite at home to the bowling, when Allan very injudiciously allowed one of Dan Wiljiie's ^-0Vl.a to beat '.him.' Allan, who made'9, would have, it is thought, made more runs had he been allowed sufficient time' for a breather after his bowling exertions, instead of being sent in immediately as one of the first representatives. Baker came next, and wofully disappointed his admirers- by 'putting his leg where his bat ought to have been'. M'Gann followed, and after having a narrow squeak from the slows, lost his partner Blair, who, having made 11, must needs allow Moodie to disarrange his timbers through attempting a 'slog.' Con way joined M'Gann, and after giving signs of be7 coining troublesome, , was .splendidly caught by Don Campbell at ' mid-on/' from a very hard hit j from Dan Wilkio. ' He made 5. ? Whcatley, who filled the vacant wicket, seemed fagged, as lie scraped about in a most ludicrous manner at ono of Wilkio's slows, which had the result o? causing his career to be summarily: terminated before he had time to get free from his nervousness. At this stage of tho game the East Melbourne' were particularly jubilant, and not without cause, as the telogram showed 5—0—36. Gray, however, came to the rescue, and between him and M'Gann some excellent cricket was exhibited, _ the slows coming in for a special warming, which ; caused Dan's retirement in favor of Don Campbell, with roundarm fast, Gaggin taking the ball from Moodio at the other end. The change proved ef fective, for Gray, having made is, , lodged, one or Gaggin's into the hands of Riggall at ' mid-on.' - Gray played extremely well for his 13, which, were much needed at the time. M'Gann now had in' Heather, who followed, a confrere who' was possessed with plenty of confidence, and who, with M'Gann, by their joint exertions, got the bowling in a regular knot, from which it was not extricated when time was called. The total had been brought up to 96, with the loss of 6 wickets. The batting of M'Gann and Heather, who made :J6, not out, and 15, not out, respectively, is worthy of special mention ; both played the slows with remarkable safety, not giving the; ghost of a chance. At the termination of the day's play they received quite' an ovation from their friends m me pavmon. EAST MELBOURNE. ? FIKST INNINGS. Gaggiu, 1) Allan ? -. ? 10 D. Campbell, c Taylor, b Conway ? 13 Kgglcatonc, b Allan ? '...'. '0 Goldsmith, b Allan ? 27 W. Campbell, b Allan ? ::..'. 1 AVilliams, c Blair, b Conway. ? 0 - . , Riggall, b Allan ? .' ? ...I 0 Perryman, b Osbonic ? .' . .\ ..'. '..-..' -3 '? Moodie; b M'Gann ? '? ...'...'. '7 Allee run out ? ?. . 12 . D. Wilkie (Captain), not out . . .' ? ,. . . 4 , ' Byes ? ?' 8 Total.... ? ,;.-..;j. '.;..,'.';,,, 91' SOUTH MELBOURNE. , ,'. , , \- FIRST INNINGS. '',','.' Allan, b Wilkie ? ..:...? ? ? ? *- Blair, b Moodie ? ' ? '. .... 11 Baker, b Wilkie ? ...'.. .... 0 M'Gann- not out ? 3G Conway, c D. Campbell, b Wilkie . . . .' ? 6 ' ?? Wheatley, b Wilkie ? 0 Gray, c Riggall, b Gaggin ? .'. . . 13 ; Heather, not out ? , ? : 15' . Byes ? ? 3 % Leg-bye3 ? 2 No-balls ? 2 Total, with 4 wickets to fall . . 96 , Bowlino Ana1iTbis(first innings). — Allan bowled 119 balls, 4 maidens, 36 runs, 5 wickets. M'Gann bowled 34 balls, 0 maidens, 22 runs, 1 wicket. Osborne bowled 60 balls, 3 maidens, 17 runs, 1 ?wicket. Conway bowled 24 balls, 8 maidens, 6 runs, 2 wickets. 