[?] 1 1 11 A successioriiof divisions resulting in bare majorities can be no more satisfactory to tie .Ministry than to the Opposition. ' In a House containing an even number of members the ; ' '? : smallest possible majority is two. By that , . number the Ministry have been more than once ? kept in their places. This is not a -working majority, and the Ministry whose existence liangs by so slender a thread cannot afford ''? to speak their own minds on any debateable ?subject not raised prior to their acceptance , of office. If it were not for the unconstitu tional compact which was entered -into by the motley crew which brought the Byrne Ministry, into office, by which the ma jority bound themselves to support the Go vernment per fas et nefas, for a certain term, there would be no difficulty in putting' an end to the present unconstitutional state of affairs. If the Liberal party throughout the colony is to suffer from the carrying out of the illegal compact, there should be, be ; fore the close of the session, by a division on a test question — a direct motion of want of , confidence, for instance— -an opportunity afr ' forded of ascertaining the names of: the: . iCiiberal members who stand firm to their principles, and of . those who adhere to their new, alliance' with' the Fellows and Langton faction. Such divisions as Iliave been taken lately afford no sufficient test of the kind that is wanted. Mr. -Crews asked what the Government intend doing ; with ? Messrs. Byrne and Reeves,' and he ;has not received an answer^ If that question be / followed up by a motion of; censure on the Government the division, .would supply the .test required. ? ' ' . . One of. the bare majorities. alluded to was: v: obtained on the motion for the appointment 'of a Royal Commission to inquire intothework . ing of the Crown Lands department. Now that the Government have got their commis sion, they do not seem to like the responsibility which it is sure to entail on them. The commission, as sketched in Mr. M'Kean's motion, is a skeleton which the Government have yet to cover with flesh and to vivify. The scope of the commission's functions is not yet determined on. If it does its duty it must go back to the initiation of the pre sent law in 1862 ; it must give an account of the Lower Loddon swindle, and of ajgreat , , many equally ^questionable transactions ; it \- must inquire into the circumstances attend ing the suspension of the operation 'of the' act while Mr. (Javan Duffy- was; ripening. ., for his pension ; it must ? deal, with the evasions attempted ? both before and after the passing of the Amending Act in 1865, and the defensive measures taken by Mr. Grant for the protection of the people . and their domain. Who are to be the coni jnissioners ? Are they to be paid ? These are simple questions, but not easily answered. The matter has been complicated very much: by the addendum of Mr. Follows, that the Attorney-General should prosecute all per sona who shall be reported by the commis sion as having been guilty, of. any ^m'isde.-. lneanor. The commissioners will thus have to act as detectives and as a grand jury, be sides carrying on an inquiry into the work ng of the land policy of the colony. These various functions are incompatible, ., and the, efforts of the commissioners i .to; discharge their'duty in one capacity will- .prevent them from discharging their'dutj^ :in' another.' The lips of witnesses will be closed. - Every ? one who ia called upon to give evidence will have to be cautioned against bearing witness against himself, and the strict laws , of jeyi-; dence will lead;toi the excliision of the most valuable testimony. The Select; Coniinittee, whose report has been disposed of,' ; com ? ih'enced by guaranteeing witnesses against cyilj consequences to ?themselves on account . of their evidence, and, : as the; same parties jWill .have tobe brought 'up,' again,7 the new resolution looks ?? 'likfe' a'. : repudiation: ;Of I the . cuara'nteo^ : ' Two at least of the; supposed delinquents have, already been tried by j the', high court of Tafliament: Ar9 *neY *9 ?l?M'^r^' .pv.er.,again? The, foregone conclusion ^hat somebody has committed a misdemeanor is neither, judicioixs nor judicial.- The j At torney- General should be . supposed to be capable . of dping his duty .withput' tb.eing ? surged thereto; by a special resolution. j If: any cas'e' of ^misdemeanor had ^ ;b'een:^iisclpsed; by ; the report: of the Select ;Committee, it ?would hayebeen.ithe duty of . tHe'^Vttorney- ', ^^eHeral to ?-haye'takeh. action; /the ^^:guarantee rof : the .committee referring only, t^o proceed- , ings that might be taken by, Parliament.! It; f is the duty of the ?Attorney-&enerai; ito ipro Lseduteallcases of misdeme'anorj'but itis nptT ithe duty of the Assembly , to. givej instruc-. tions» .Upon, the whol.e,: the Government would ; have been .better. ? off . without' tbieir, commission. ; :V It:;is ; lively ^to;;pr6te1' tHelr; white elephant:. --[?-:-? ? ;'?? \'.- -.: - ,:'????? -:?'? \ ??'-?'???? „, ..?.The . estimates have been voted, aiicl yet. there is^but little- prospect pf the civil s^er-.' yants ;pr ; other public, creditors'; getting any money before Christmas.' ' Mr. Macpherson ' is idbstniately 'Bent ' on- rbf using tenipOrary - supplies. ; He intends to - eixact from his iiri Avilling supporters the full' 'penalty in; their bond. :.~r:He knows that the days of his1 Ad-r ministration are numbered,' .btit' he^ h^si'ahf' objectiori tb' giving up the; ghost before his thne.\ .Small; blame to him for his obstinacy ' 'on; that score. But ' the compact does hot bind the Press and people,, and they ^insist upon having, something to.say on the matter. ' If they should be powerless to: put an im mediate stop; to the illegal courses now going on, they can at least insist oin,\it' that the' time of the Ministry shall not. extend beyond the limit fixed -by the pom pact. If Mr. ?'. Macpherson insists on! the, bond, he must not be allowed to - have any: more than the bond. If his life is insured to the end of this session, there is '? no reason why the beginning of the. next should be in definitely postponed. The voting of! the estimates and the granting of an Appropria- ? :tipn Act are. very different1 things. I'The safe passage of the first is but a vestibuFe tb the troubles about the second.1 ; Redress of griev ances before1 supply is a standing rule of ' Parliament, and is especially applicable to constitutional grievances. The House may ', be willing enough to consider the necessities of the civil servants, but not to sanction the continuance of irresponsibility in the Govern:' ment generally arid1 the Treasurer :?; in I par ticular. ' .. '.'.?? ; 'V. ', . '..,. I .-' ?' ? ; Short as- was the discussion' on the es timates, there were two or three salient points which betrayed the manipulatipn of irresponsible; fingers. Mr. Robert; ?Byrne has some allotments of land, at;' Mount Martha, arid although they are uninhabited,,! and there are no neighbors within a j long distance, he ajtpears to'haye thought that it would be a pleasant thing for ihim to pay out of the Treasury a sum of j£500,!,tobe spent' in making a . jetty at a point ? of. the jcoast , which, has not even a. name, arid has no; merit except that of; being near his land; The fact had merely to be poirited'out to en sure the striking out of.' the item.! In; another matter, the , payment of j an award, and costs in. favor of , Mr, .Pierce Williams was made before the appropriation was, sanctioned by,; Parliament. This -At-: torney-General tried, to shelter himself ;atj the' .expense of his ; predecessorj ...relying upon a memorandum which, . strange to say,,, pointed out the necessity for. a- vote jprior to payment.. The worst of thejmatter is that ; the costs have been paid without their being taxed. This conduct on the part of the present Attorney-General arose, no doubt, r!ath|er from weakness than from .any intention of wrong-doing; The course of procedure was laid down by the Supreme Court,- iri the case Alcock v. Fergie. The decision in that case may have been wrong, ; but1 those who then urged the court^tp judgment, cannot disregard the ruling they suggested ? and invited. s ' ' '' ' ;. ; - ,,; ? '-? Mr. Langton has been badly , used! i Mr. . Cohen openly avowed his preference for Mr. M'Culloch as a financier. Never more need . the Secretary of the Free Trade League and the Collingwood Butchers' Protection Asso ciation hope to make his.bed in the Treasury. His ; cherished deficiency has irretrievably gone, and in its place is a thumping surplus. Cohen is the Brutus of the financial Cresar. In his well-deserved recognition of the great ability and wisdom of the late Treasurer, ' Mr. Cohen frankly acknowledged that the colony was in the most prosperous con dition, and that although £140,000 would be .asked ,'for;da .addition ta' the expenditure proposed by Mr. M'Culloch at the com mencement of the financial year, there would, when the accounts for 1869 were finally closed, be a balance to the :cWdiK '''.of the ^colony 'of ;; ^lSO^OO^ pi- £290,000. : In ' the Customs alone: ^the increase over the estimate for the year would-be £1^0,000, a fact. which he,; Mr. Cohen, said proved that ti-ade and commerce were in such a: prosperous condition as jntist be highly satisfactory 'rto';the. people of the ;c61ony arid to thege'ntleinari who lately held . the office of Treasurer. In: the; course of ; a few femar^ks'whiph: $/fx'.: M'C.ullpch; after- wards made, he expressed the.' greatest! con fidence that, if ,ttie ', ppiicy ' that; . had been : pursued during the last two years were coritiriueij it would ? advance the .tradej and, manufactures of ''the ? colony, ? ' while at; the .same time At ,w,ould; largely ??,increaso the revenue^ without imposing; any : additional burclens.upon the people. pfthe'pountry. I MLi-.1' Larigtpri makes the existence ;;pf ;th,e 'surplus a personal grievance! It ? is a;blow aimod at himindiyiduallyZ , Things are not asthey ought to be; Somebody hasbroken into i the Trea-'r sury, and feloniously deposited'1 there three- ' quarters of a million in. order to spite !hirii(! The colony :can never;'be prosperous until his remedy of Exchequer' .Bills has been applied. ,-; ^isjdisappo^t^eftt As' hard ,tp; bebqriiej atidc , .If soirie half-clad woman,' :with hp.Ifa db^en .children, ;'r deserted : by '» her husbandj . were taken' in- ! the act of stealing a piir of boots for her'barefPoted; boy;1, she'iniight ;be :takeny charged, committed,- arraigned,1 tried,' fouri^'guilty^ ,'and. sentencedjwithoiiit creat ing much' sensation .among wellito-do jnen:. i.W.yjirf^essi^.Biiv'tTClieii.'tHe^ma^agei: Of!,av wealthy company steals a thousand ourices of ' whole wealth and intelligence of /the colpny. is horrified. ? If he had only stolen a nugge.t1 from a, 'brother . digger, ; and; had-1 receivjecLi a '. sentence of six years' impris6nmierit,fiio .one . wpuld'haye been surprised; But as he stole if our. thousand pounds worth from 'the .grounds i of ,a rival company, lie;, is ;a hero ?of whom.the; Corner is proud. While' we '- think Davies' deserved his sentence, we -are ?not at all satisfied with the cpnd\ict'of the. Supreme Court iri i the matter, , ] \ If 'he Istole ! the thousand ounces of gold, lie must jhave stolen them from someone, and it was un7 Questionably;1 'the business of the Supreme Court to ascertain the ownershipi: Mr.l Jusf ' tice Williams' !says that the counts of ? the in* - dictment were purposely varied so as' ;to i prevent a doubt ;as to the proprietorship leading to ja failure of justice. But the : doubts as to ownership exist only preyipus , to the trial, and the .finding should b'e spe cifically on one or more of them, so that; no doubts should remain after the trial, j Mr.; Williams would not assume the responsi bility of saying whether the gold belonged : to the Bonshaw Company or to the Crown. The question arises, if the gold had 'been impounded in court, :to whom would -it .' have been restored ? If Judge Williams had an opinion on this point, he kept, it: : to himself, and, left to some other judge to decide, perchance, whether the Bonshaw Company are not. also gold-stealers. Miners' 'rights are valueless on private property1, and1 if the Bonshaw Coriipany can take the gold they are better off than if they were regular . contributors to the revenue. If the P^irice of Wales Company steal the gold- it! is a burning shame to allow them to keep it while their manager is doing his six months at. Pentridge. The man who is in gaol did riot appropriate .any ; of the. gold, 'while, jbhose : who ': ordered; the thefb to be committed and who are enjoying its fruits, are at large! No; doubt the, Prince of. Wales Company would gladly ; steal. another thousand 'ounces td-; morrow, ori the same terms. They would find no difficulty in getting managers who would1, be quite willing to' live for six month's now and then at the expense of the Governriient., The decision' of Mr. Justice Williams may be .t!otTi+. Anmicrli sn far n.« it. rtnpa : Tiii+. i ii:'.-iri wofiilly incomplete. The mining population' want to know a little more, else they will be coming into collision with the law at all sorts of unexpected corners. .:. ? r ? j ', '','..; ;_.;'Bprder''..l«mdis;'are'^way8:.'ribt^d;.f9i; tteiri lawlessness. There is moss-trooping of somei so'^t wherever' a, boundary is ' .so. ' extended' 0;r-J the;country so thinly peopled that it Avould : riot ' pay to i keep' either police, ,or , cus]boms' ? :ofiicer8 on! the watch. A certain amount of lawlessness, becdiries /almost a riiatter -of ne cessity under, such circumatances. ' There was. : at one time a strip of territory three miles wide from the' sea to the Murray, which was known as the ' debatable land.' It was on this ground that a memorable duel between . two .Western district squatters came ,off..: After the principals and seconds had travelled ; together very comfortably for three jdaysy tHoy pitched upon, as : lovely a isppt as1 Sir . .LuciuB O'Trigger could have ' desired, when the question was, asked iri a chorus^ f ' 'Vvhere are the pistok ?' and the ? two secondsj com-: mericedla-wordy war of recriminjttion. j '*'!& was your duty to provide them.' 'Np; it was. yours:' 'You are a — .' 'You're another.' Meanwhile, the two principals, wno had intended to blow out each, other's brains, were ' so struck with the ab surdity of. the whole affair that they shook hands, and made tracks to the nearest hostelry, where they .could have a pop at each other with champagne corks; What was the debatable land is how the .'scene of a very harmless kind of smuggling. . Goods are land§d:at. Portland i^rid Macdprinell Bayv,'. and the duties are paid according to the tariffs of Victoria and South Australia re spectively. The goods, after being landed, are bought and sold on the frontier and ithere' is -, an: ?iriterch^gfe' withput' anyffealf entries or payment of duties; Drays':g6 froin Pprtlarid to Mpiint Gambier arid : from Port Macdprinell ? to C.astertonj ?? arid' ; .it is rarely that there' is any interposition of : authority.y .The whole thing j is a' matter bf.conve'nierice rather than , of coii-' , certed .evasion.' . Nevertheless . there is some risk, and .the conscientious .man carries, on, trade, at'. a 'disadyaritage as: conipared with his less scrupulous. neighbors. : Therefore the' .mtercharige should; be! legalised.1 Perhaps South Australia ' has ; slightly the advantage , in this 'irregular tradb, inasrirach as there:is a:sayingqf three shillings a ^gallon on: the ' wine ,whibh is run' across. ; ;' , TJhe^ consumption on the border must bo a ;mere triilo, arid !rio narrii would be., done to any interest an this colony if- -the-wines were admitted free coast r;wi'sb;.as well as by land.! 'If- free-trade| were ?i established between 'the two coloriies,! Mel ..bo^ne', would assuredly' have.aiaii' half of. the advantage., ! .-?'?;;; ' ' ' ?'' : ' i ',',.'.;' ; '.. J The' Malmsbury ?reservori1 is finished^ arid J no other works are to be undertaken. ; This ^is .' ^hej.'urisatis'facto^'1 condition ?' to-, which : a .great national work is red;iced|-while ithe.de ?partm.eritar- expenses , are ninning.'bn',.:vvathoutrl any corresponding, value i- accruing to the ?State; This is s^atesiriariship-r- jphii^ Thomas '. Smith's. . Time was when ! such a state' of : affairs would have called forth, ;;a; deluge ,o.fj '.questipnsj;,and ^'an avalanche flf.deriUnpiatiori. : Lucky M;r..J Christopherson appears to| have ; ; fnends' in ey^i^ Administration.1.' He. is the '.perennial well-spring' of hydraulic engineer-^ Jiiig' talent^ arid, , ' if ' ne.is tofenjpy^ tlie sweets of .office till he has completed! the Cblibari .. sdh,eme he willj young] as he' . is, ? gi'bw; gi'ey in r the ! service,' and make; no claim' for super . ^nnuatiori ? .till' he ' is ? three, score .:and :ten. , How. long before .that time .the people '; of .'. Castlemaine and Sandhurst will rejoice over ; then* :, water ? supply it ? would : be hazsirdous ? toisay;.' N.y ':'.)?':- !.';? V ',:? ????.'?');' ???'-.'i. ??.?'''/ ! ''1 ';):.[ : ? What a training-ground for eloqxience and ?wangling the St. Patripk's' Society inust be. ; 'Weihave^beeri1 trying to -understand soriie of 'th'eir.erratib: transactions,' ?'.but' have ?; been compelled'to, give up the' attempt. ; ' ;.'We have .a confused ide?, that, there. are jbival conlmit tees' aiid.riyal.; 5aee,tirigs, ? and; that 'which' is- dbne;by or at the one is denounced as illegal ?'by:or ^^ at, the other;' .Wheix.a thing, is; .declared ,to be done iiiegailyiis it.'correct'tb ;say that it ; is .(iorie : at .all ? No doubt ' a 'great deal,. may be, and is, ?? said on both sides;. . of .eyeryquestion, but that only niakes matters worse.' 'The society. has now three medicai pfficersj; Dr.-M'Carthy, ?'Dr.. Brbwnless-arid ;Dr. Gerrard, although, no, doubt, if : each :were asked singly he' would say that there was only one, arid that he was that one. ; Dr. M'Carthy has - prior, possession,, but he has not :only been suspended, or superseded, or dispensed with (we: do not know which is the approximately ^ correct terrri), , but- he lias ? .been fined (illegally,, of1 course), ;and his ' friends have, been fined, so heavily' that they : ?will; stand 'disqualified' from taking ;anypart (legally ?) in the, proceedings riext to be taken. ? What. a noble thing is true; fraternity ! '':'' iExatninatioris, athletic; sports and ?speech-' days afford ample opportunity for Young Victoria to become mentally and physically accomplished^ — active, strongs aiid ready ?; and to do the youth justice ;he is an' apt scholar' at ,. all points. Complaints | have reached, us pf suspiciorisof unfairness:in sup ..plyjrig ? sitb rosci examination papers in -par-: ' tioular . cases, but as success . excites ienvy,. and suspicions are,. .easily engendered, ^,the '; most overwhelming evidence , would be requi--: site to warrant . belief ; in any. of ; the insinuations; We merely mention the matter in order that, where any grounds. for;sus-. ?picipri , ' exist, : vigilance' will - be ; shown by. those who, .are in places. ',,6f, j trust to. 'prevent the 'possibility -of'' any i''ad- ;yantage. accruing from unfairness,; V; There,;' can; be '.no doubt but that' .as j-.-a' irule. .there'iisa. disposition; to do.'justice t6:all.' ??Teachers' J ;h'ave, .of course^ Othiiir favqiite.' scholars. They cannot help taking aigreater. f llixpi V*? ' if*1- VAiV .Uliyw uiuyti- ' vvu wu w . ' wu.«.WA4 ?'' *-*-»? v^ 1b9S tractable, and helping on those who. give; .the greatest proriiise of excellerice;, :Within, ?inoderate ; liinits this, is1 excusablei^ ,' but ; if ' ^carried to excess, .it does .more harin! ih'ari! almost, any other act of injustice. ?? TholessV demonstrative ,boys should have as much;ivt-; teritipri paid to thern.'as the. more forward' receive. ? : Some teachers seem to hayej a no tifri that there is 'truth in, the, saying,; ' Once: , a durice, always a dunce.' But it is a cruei libel. The teacher. who' acts, on the princi ?ple.'of endeavoring to develope the' talent ,'«f ^thbse boys who,, are apparently:,, dull,: wjll ; assuredly be the most successful in his voca :tion.- ;?.'?:'; o:', '??-.'. '??..-; :.: :\';.': ,? : .: :.'.. i ?-:??'. r MELBOURNE, SATURDAY, 18th IDEQ. 