E M U ORE B K GO LD-FIRtn. from our correspondent. April IB.— Sickness is very prevalent here, especially diphtheria amongst children, causing grcnt mortality. One of tlie Misses Moses, a native of your town. was married in the English church here on Monday last to Mr J. F. Marfyn, well known diero as being connected with the Company's dam. There was a good muster of buggies on the occasion. As retrenchment is now tho order of the day, an alteration of tho present piostnl arrangements hero might save a few thousand pounds por annum, and be rather an improvement than otherwise. At any rate it is worthy of consideration as a great retrenchment, when regarded ns touching one locality only. Tlie opening of tho railway to Goulburn will necessarily force an alteration in tho up-country time-tablo for mails, aud as we naturally belong to the south, though wo woro by the Martin Ministry attached to tho west, our mails between Sydnoy and boro might bo trans ferred to the line via Goulburn, and so gain about twolve hours either way. Tho same nmy apply to tlm conveyance of the gold escort via Youn<. which place is only about twenty-nine miles from here, whilo Bathurst is four times the distance, and so savo nearly tho whole travelling exjionses of tho escort, police, and contract monoy for conveyance. Besides, as our correspondence lies more with tho south auj Forbes, the present system is a grent hardship to us. the two mail days are so near one another as they answer for one only. Whilo conferring a groat boon upon us. besides the nlrendv mentioned saving of tho escort expenses, the contract hecwoen bore and Bathurst would then be useless. The eqninootinl gales gave us plenty of rain, which filled our dams to overflowing; the Inst fow days were clear and pleasant. Having mentioned about the wontlior which has recently prevailed here. I cannot pass over the scene I witnessed about teu days ago in our so celebrated hencoop, called a court- house — it was so ludicrous, so comical, and. in spite of tho moro than annoying and unpleasant circumstances, so mirth-provoking. Tiio building is roughly constructed of wood and corrugated iron, with an opening on top of tho walls as a sort of ventilator for allaying tho heat in summer seasons, for which, in spito of tho contri vance, the place is called the " campoven." But it is alike unbearable at all seasons; it lets. rain and cold in as well as the heat, as the incidents I am about to relate will show. On tho Tuesday, about the time nlroady mentioned, just when Mr Whelan was addressing tho bench in a case of wages duo to a shepherd from ono of out' noiglt- Ivu ring squatters, ho wns suddenly cut short by a. tremendous noise from the roof and walls, followed by a gusli of rain front the openings, which every moment, increased in force, and you may imagine spreading consternation amongst tho inmates of tho court, who wero on tho 'occasion very numerous considering the smaUness of t ho room Outside raged a heavy storm, the rain coming down in torrents hut in.-ilo the curt-house was oven worso still— wholo volumes of water camo in upon us. each blast of wind driving in masses of accumulated waters escaping down the roof besides tho passing heavy rain drops. The confusion jiroduccd defies all description. Each had to shift for himself, nnd each tried solf-pro- servation as best ho could, hut I am sorry to state, without any good effect, because a drenching was unavoidable. Books, summonses, nnd all sorts of forms, documents, and other waste paper wero Hy ing about in ndmired confusion, nnd then settled down saturated and glued by the wot. Mr Wood tried to savo himself nnd brother magistrate. Mr Boland, by holding bis watorproof over both of them as a shield to parry tho incoming waters ; they wero in ono corner, while sergeant ICeenan at tempted to hide his tall figure in ns small n possi ble compass in tiie opposito corner. Mr IJ.P.S. Wil.-hiro finding refuse under a big poncho, nnd had scarcely time to secure tho depositions under the oilcloth. In tlie body of tlie court the groups attempted all sorts of means to escape drenching, of course first of all each scrambled after their hats, each trying to run behind Ids neighbour as a shield ; hut tho small and slender bad hero the best oT it, tho tall and tho broad hack had to hear t ho brunt, nye. the whole brunt ; and there, too. we oould see Mr Whelan supported by two others proudly placed under a stretchod umbrella E tch got n drenohing according to sizo. This statu of things lasted about twenty minutes. Tho wind kept up a con=tnnt noise amongst the corrugated iron sheets of tho building, and counsel and their worships had to put their heads together in order to make themselves honrd by each other. All joking apart, wo ought to have a court-house, as wo iiavo a P.M. and G.P.S.. and especially as our dis trict's contribution towards the general rovenuo fully wurrantB it. The erusliings are, as usually here, good, and show no abatement in our resources. Tho Sevon- tnile is giving splendid results in the alluvial ground, some will realise a few thousands out of thoir shares ; a pity nearly all is loased, little chance therefore for a population. Butter 2s. por lb. Potntoos 1 1/. per ton. A Sydney Warrant,— On Wodnosday last, a man named John Ryan was brought beforo Dr. Blake, having been apprehended by virtue of a warrant issued ttndor tho hand nnd seal of the Polieo Magistrate of Sydney. From what wo can gather of tho circumstances of tho charge against Ryan, it would apponr that whilo passing along Liverpool Road, near Sydnoy. ho made use of somo obscene language, for which ho was summoned to nppcnr at tho Central Police Court. This sum mons lie disobeyed nnd niado his way to Yass. A warrant, intendod for Ids apprehension, was issued, and tho police took him into custody on Sunday night last in a house in Moehnn-stroct in this town. When brought before tlio magistrate the warrant was road, but Dr. Blake declined to act on it, and consequently the prisoner was discharged. The warr.nnt is cer'ainly one of the most unique pro ductions that- ever camo under our observation, and as Dr. B'nke took upon himself not to act on it, it is hut fair to this very painstaking magistrate to place the suhstaneo of it before tlio reader, so tliat-hc may judge, as ono of the public, whether the right course was adopted. The following is a oopy of tho warrant, omiting tho verbiage: — "To Inspector Read arid all other. &e.; Whereas on the 18th day of March inst., John Ryan, of Liverpool Road, in the said colony, was charged before Montaguo Love,y. Esq., one of her Majesty's jus tices, nssigned to keep the ponce, for that ho did, on the 13th day of March instant, nt Liverpool Road, in said colony, make use of obscene language, to wit the language hero set forth, and whereas the said justico his summons to the said John Ryan, commanding him in her Majesty's name, did issue. &c; , ns ho might then ho there to answer, ito., whereas the said information li.ntli neglected to ho and appear. &c..; although it hath now been proved to mo upon oath. &c; . that tho said was duly served upon the said information. Those aro there fore to oommand you. ic., forthwith to apprehend tho said information and to bring him before. ,tc Dated. 23rd March. ISO!). D. C. F. Scott, P.M., l.s. " It is very evident that Captain Seott never road tlio' warrant beforo lie nttaohed his signature to it, nnd ns warrants involvo the liberty of tho person, his fault is of no moan importance. In tho present case the effect of his neglect was immaterial, but anyone can imagine what hard ship might he involved, and how much charnct'Cr might bo imperilled by such remissness of duly. As for the clork who filled in tlie warrant all we have to say anont him is that ho must bo an ass. Somo ono in the metropolitan polieo department is not free from blame, for tlio vory first glanco at the written part of the document should have boon suf ficient to show that it was, to speak kindly of it, very, very informal. Tho Attorney-General will no doubt niako some cncpiiries into tho working of tho Central Police Court, if this may be taken as a specimen of how tho routine business is carried on. Vaccination in New South Wales.— At the present timo when sninll-pox has developed itself in Victoria, tho subject of vaccination boeomos ono of considorablo interoRt in this colony. Dr. Bod- ford. tho medical adviser of the Government, rnado his annual roport on tlio subject to the Colonial Secretary on the 23rd February last, from which wo gather the following information:— During tho pnst year 3851 onsen of successful vaccination in tho city of Sydney and suburbs had been reported to him. Should even an equal number havo boon vaccinated by privato practitioners, there would bo still a largo number left unprotected against small pox. Dr. Bedford considers that tho ago of infancy for vnocination is that which is most protective against tho disease. In tho country districts 63SC had boon reported ns successfully vaccinated; of theso 1G03 wero vaccinated in thoir first year, nnd supposing an equal number had been treated by pri vato practitioners, there would have been only 321G vaccinated. But. it is added, that in many plnces in tho interior, nil vaoeinatod nro vaccinated by the public officers. Thoro were 1 2,G91 births registered in 1800 in tho country districts, a number we may add numerically far below tlioreal number of births: then taking 3210 ns vaccinated, in all probability twenty-five per cent, in excess of tho roal numbor, it still loaves 9173 unprotected. This year reports 11,237. in a groat measure duo. latterly no doubt, to the fear of small-pox. Dr. Bedford procoods to stato — " There are. I consider, two circumstances tlint havo caused so few to bo vaoeinatod —first, the abscnco of a Compulsory Vaccination Act; and, socondly. the small feo paid to public vaccinators. Tlio necessity for n Compulsory Vnocination Act lias been rejiontedly urged upon the Government by my predecessors, and 1 cannot too strongly assure you of its great necessity." As regards tho small feo paid to public vaccinators, tho doctor says that it is a subject of importance " not merely as an act of injustice to most of tho public vaccin ators, but as it cheeks tho progress of vaccination." Ho had received numerous letters from tlieBO gen tlemen, somo of whom stato that to vaccinate less than one hundred cases ho had to travel 300 miles. The fee paid by Covornmnnt ho considers is no proper recompense for services of such a nature. In England short distances even are paid for. and the principle of sueli payments there recognised ; but there no distances coull ho undertaken as nre constantly travelled by -ooluniul publio vaccinators. A compulsory Act. and a higher rate of payment in certain cases, would no doubt eauso tho vaccina tion of much greater numbers ; but above all things it was necessary to ensure tho efficient vaccination of individual oases, llo proposes to ro-arratigo the vacctno districts of the metropolis und suburbs, by extending them to populations of not less than 25.000 souls, orcvon double that number. In saeli a district, operated ovor by compulsory vaccination, it would be easy to keep up a lull arm-to-arm vaccination." The number of cases would enable tlio best subjects to be selected from whom to vnc- oinato and to keep up a supply of unexooptionablo virus for transmission to country vaccinators. Hitherto difficulty has arisen in furnishing tho country districts from the vaccine institutions with it sufficiency of the right character of lymph. Ily the adoption of the suggestion now made there would be no failure in oil her respect. The doctor had communicated with tho jmb'ie vaccinators in Victoria on it be breaking out of sinall-|iox in Mel bourne, urging the necessity for vaccinating the children of their districts, and from them had as certained that tho children who had hoen vaccin ated had been inspected on the eighth day. but few on the fourth day. in consequence of tlie distance. We may add. by way of remark, on the report that vaccination ns a public question has no special re ference to the subject vaccinated as a preservation of its health irrespective of other human creatures. It enqdiatieally is to save tlio whole community from a fell diseaso, Tho manner in which vaccina tion is carried on in tho metropolis is of tho ut most importance to the wholo colony, as the port is open to the introduction of this disease, probably in its latent stato. Moreover, tho population, weil analysed and classed, would afford the necessary virus for tho interior districts, where at the present timo there is such scarcity. We need not say that we quite agroo with Dr. Bedford as to tho necessity for an Act making vaccination compulsory. Fatal Accident vo Mi: W. Grooan of Lime stone Creek. — This morning Mr W. Urogan. well- known in this district as a freeholder, residing at Limestone Creek, mot with his death in a shocking manner. He has been for some time pnst suffer ing from defective sight, nnd was accidentally erushod by a liorso and curt. An inquest will bo Hold on the body. A T it und nit Storm is passing over the town (11 1.1 a.m.) His Honor Justice Haroraves arrived in town last night, and prooecded ' towards Sydney this morning. Works for tiie New Iron Bridge. Yass.— Ono cylinder on the northern end of the site for tho new hri lgo Has been set, and tho shaft for another put down. Tho one already sot is under tlio west avenue, which will bo tlie first to be removed. Tlio enstern avenue will bo availablo until tho western part of the new bridgo is completed. In order to rendor Becuro that part of tlie bridge which will remain. Mr Mcldrum has caused some. strong props to bo placed under the frame work, and which rest on blocks of wood embedded in n kind oT concrete. When tho second cylinder wost is sot it will he im possible for . tho props to shift from their placo. Tlio main part of the work will not be commenced before November next. The Twenty-third of April.- -To-day is the anniversary of tho birth of St. George, the patron Saint of England. Minor Musical Instrument —Tlie magistrates at Doniliquin lately decided that a publican was liable for allowing a customer to play a jews' harp in Ins licensed house without having pre viously obtained a permission for music. Wo wonder whether Oboe, the late celebrated chin musician, would ho equally liable. The Rev. Dr. Lano arrived in Yass from Syd ney on Thursday at noon, and leaves to-day for Young. The rev. gentleman prenchod to a largo congregation in St. Andrew's last evening. Steam applied to Wheelwright's Work.— Mr Alexander Roid, blacksmith and wheelwright, has within the last few days employed stcani-power in forming the stocks required for dray wheels. It is found that the longer those remain for seasoning the better they become, and consequently Mr Roid intends to keep a very largo supply on Imr.d. The ongino at work is a portable one belonging to Mr Thomas Barber. Mechanics' Institute. — Considerable progress is being made in the erection of the walls of tho building for the Mechanics' Instituto. That on tho north side will ho completed, probably by the end of tlio week. It is vory desirable that no delay shall take place in this part of the work, so that the. roof may he. put on before tho season of tlio year when most rain may he expected. Revision of the Electoral List. — On Wednes day Messrs Blako and O'Connor attended the court for tlio purpose of revising tho electoral list for I SGO-70, hut on examining the saino discovered several omissions. Tlio court was therefore ad journed for a week for the attendance ol scnior- constnblo Murphy, now stationed at Binalong, who was ono of tho collectors. Transfer of Publican's License. — On Wed nesday the license held by Mrs Moses for tho Yass Hotel, Ooonia-streot, was transferred to Mr Christo pher Alt. Reported Death of Earl Russell.— Tho am biguity in tho wording of tlmt part of tho Engli-h telegram announcing tho death of one of tho Bod- ford family, led to tho inference time tho announce ment of the demiso of Lord Russell referred to Earl Russell, so popularly known as Lord John Russoll. Wo now lenrn that the nobleman who has deceased was Lord Francis Russell, n younger hrothor of Earl Russoll, and seventh son of John, sixth Duke of Bedford. Tlio misappre hension would not have occurred had tlio telc- gramist stated tho late Lord Russell's christian name. The pronor designation ol deceased would be tho non. Francis Russell, commonly called Lord Francis Russell. Bitten by a Centipede. — On Tuesday evening as William Curran, who resides, in Median-street, was lifting a log in tho yard for the purpose of placing it on tho lire, n centipede Hit him on the finger. Mr Finch, tho chemist, on being applied to. recommended the usual remedies in such eases and their application was successful. Alleged Misunderstanding between the Prince and the Governor. — In reference to the disagreement between the Duko of Edinburgh nnd tho Earl of Belmoro. n privato le'ter from Sydney states that his Royal Highness wished for an invi tation for the Carandinis to a hall at Government House. The Earl of Belmoro reminded tho Prince that at his suggestion ho had invited Madamo and tho Misses Oarnndini to a. musical concert. The Governor explained that he hud invited thoni at the Prineo's request, because thero was n prccodent for professionals being received at royal musical entertainments, but that Ho thought tlio presence of the ladios in question alnno might give umbrage to tho otlior guests. The Prince left. Government House, and the Governor retired to his country residence. His Royal Highness immediately gavo two theatrical performances worth hearing on board tlio Galatea, at which Madame Oarandini and Her daughters woro present. — Melbourne Hcrahl. For somo timo past wo have |beon in possession of a different vorsion of the abovo affair, and are assured that it is " gospel truth." Tlio Oarandini's were, by spceial desiro of tho Prince, invitod to a concort or ball at Government Bouse, at which H.R II. devoted the wholo of his attention to theso professionals, much to tho displcasuro of the ladies prosont. His Royal Highness subse quently went so far as to ask tho Govornor to in vite tho Oarandini's to dinner tho last day but ono before tho Gnluton sailed from Sydnoy. Lord Bolmore, our informant adds, much to his honour, decidedly refusod, and informed the Prince that to do so would bo dishonouring her Majesty, through him. the Govornor, ns tho Queon's roprosentativo. His Excellency is stated to have added—' Not tlint the invitation would ntnko nny differenco to mo. as I am hero only for a short timo, and I havo dono with all connection with tlio colony when I leave. But I will not consent to havo tlioin again at Government House; if your Royal Highness is determined to have them invited. 1 shall shut up Govcrninont IIouso, and rosign my commission.' The Princo dopartcd in a princely humour; his Excellency waited dinner for his royal guest; but he camo not, and worst of nil, sent no messno stating that ho would not- attend. His Royal Highness wont to tlio theatre that evening and occupied a stngo box ; tlie two daughters of Madame Oarandini wont' to the box. nnd spent tho whole ovening with tho Prince and Lieutenant Ilnig. His Roynl Highness paid not tho slightest attention to tlio Governor or Miss Gladstono. The doings in the s!nge-box need not be detailed. That evening tho Prince went off on hoard tho Galatea, and saw the Governor uo more. It is untruo, ns stated in tho ,S M. Herald, that H.R.H. had nn interview with his Excclloncy over night nnd took leave of him ; Die Empire gave a more correct ver sion. Other information has renebod us. but of a description that will not bear publication.- Ed. Y C. Kxoeri'ta. - Mr Owen, tho railway traffic manager, .iieil on Sunday morning. Thc'Ministcr J fir Works left Sydney on Thursday evening for tho Hunter to in.-pcet the progress mado in the Northern Railway and tho public works. Tho barque Dragon has boon completely wrecked nt tho Richmond River Heads; all hands saved. P. Loners convicted a second timo in Victoria will have to serve any remitted portion of n previous sentence.— - Hugh Levcnger for the murder of tho Polynesians has boon hailed out. The body of a child nine years old has been found in a well at Waverley. On Sunday morning a man named James Harris was found banging by n towel to a beam in tlio front shop, at 217. Paramatta-street, where he carried on a business as nn oyster dealer. The body was taken down, and Dr. F.iohler on his arrival pronounced life to bo extinct. Drying raisens is beooming common in Adelaido. one man has npplianccs for drying six tons at a timo. It is said that Mr -G. M. Stephen, the barrister, announced his intention of conte.-ting the election of tho Ilumo district with the j ircseiit. member. Mr Mate, in tho event of another election. The Parkos Testimonial Fund is progressing favourably, several hundred pounds having been received in the city alone up to tlio jiroscnt time. A meeting lins been held in Melbourne to consider the desirability . of testing Postle's moat preserving proeo.-s: it was decided to try tlio experiment on a large scale in the colony beforo sbijiping. Tho now proprietors of tho Burro. Mine purposo opening an office in London, and fixing tho value of the capital at 01,0001. witli power to increase to 100.000/. Two thousnnd ounces of silver havo arrived from the Altnnnda Mino (South Australia), being an average of twenty- five ounces to tbo ton. Petor Walter Hynes has been apprehended at Charleyong. Bruidwood district, as answering to tho description of a man for whom a warrant had boon issued by tlio Wagg.a Wngga bench for forging tlio name of one H. M. Paul to a bunk chequo for 10/., nnd remanded to Wngga Wngga to bo dealt with. Another caso or small-pox was reported on Saturday to the Chief Medical Officer, Melbourne. Tho patient is a married woman with nn infanta few weeks old, residing in linillic-strcct. Hotlinm. Tlio portrnifc of Sir John Young has been Bhipped per Hnwkos- lmry. which vessel was to clear on tho 31st February. Farley, a clerk in tho Railway Department, Brisbane, has boon arrested for defalcations. Western Wood, polieo magistrate of Bowen, Queensland, has been nrrosted for embezzlement. Tho marker at tho Bnllarnt butts wns shot in tlie chest whilo looking out from tlio protecting mound.— -Ah Coy. the Chinese interpreter, Victoria, has been tried a second time and found guilty of obtaining bribes. Tho Investigator and Pharos liayo left Port Phillip Heads to lay tlio Tasmanian cable. Bite of a Venomous Animal.— At Qiicanbeyan on Thursday last Mr M. N. Carter was sorting sheepskins, when ho was bitten on tlio ball of the thumb by somo unseen animal amongst tlio skins, supposed to he n snnko. Mr Oartor applied am monia and caustic to tho wound nnd drow rings with tho caustic abovo it. Until yostcrdny Ho ex- pcricnccd no ill effects: but somo slight symptoms of inflammation then malting themselves nppnront, he having in the meantime had occasion to come to Goulburn, ho placed himself under tho earn nF Dr. Havlev.- \- Goulburn Herald. The Vernon. - -On Friday afternoon tho Colonial Secretary visited the Vernon, the Inspector of Public Charities having previously spent somo hours in investigating tho stato of matters there. In conseqiicnco of what was ascertained, the Colonial Secretary directed that Mr Gorman, the mastcr-nt- arms. slmu d bo at onco restored to his office, and made other arrangements with a view to tho better management of tho institution. Po.-tagk Reform. — By the last mail advices havo been rrc ived to the effect tliata penny postage bo- twenn England and the United States appears to he the next point, for which Mr Revordy Johnson is aiming, having, ns he states, received instruc tions from his Government to promote that system, and believing that before tho end of tlio vear it will ho accomplished. - —Empire. The Duke and the Carandinis.— It is report ed amongst musical circles in Sydney that His Royal Highness was so charmed with tho natural vocal powers of Miss Rosina Carandini, that he has determined to show his interest in a substantial manner. The Prince lias, it is said, offered to do- fray tho expenses of the musical oduca'ion of Miss Rosina Carandini at tho Conservatoire nt Paris, or nt any other musical school that may bo chosen by competent judges of our Austruliun Bongster's talents.- -Melbourne Herald. FOUND DROWNED AT GRENFELL.— A telegram to the S. M. Herald, dated Grenfell, Tuesday, says: James McGill, a miner, native of Dublin, was found floating in Campbell's dam this morning. He is supposed to have fallen in, while intoxicated, last Monday week. Deceased appears about thirty- seven years old, and was a shareholder in a lease hold at Tygong. He was one of the two leaders of the Ballarat riots. Charge of Arduction.— At tlio Polieo Court. Braid'.vood. on the 15th instant (as reported in tlio Dispatch), Ilufus Wortliington was charged with having, on the StH day of March last, at tho Shoalliavcn River, unlawfully taken awny and caused to be taken nway. ono Sarah Auhyrn out of the possession and ngninst tho will of her fatlior and mother, she, tlio said Sarah Aubyrn, being then an unmarried woman under sixteen years, to wit, thirteen years. Prisoner was npprehendod at Tucna on tlio 23rd of March ; ho denied tho ohnrgo, and told the npprchending constablo that he left the Shoalliavcn to go to Tuenn, and that when ho hnd got somo miles on tlio rood, whilo Ho was having a spell, tlio girl camo up to him and complained of being ill-used by her parents, said she was leaving them nnd going to her brother who lived at Tuenn ; he tried to persundo her to return to her home. butBhc refused, and he allowed her to travel with him to Goulburn ; tho girl was taken into custody n little boyond Goulburn by tho police: he further said that nothing improper had taken plnco between him and the girl. On the prisoner being remandod by the Tuona bench, the apprehending constablo deposed that he knew no ono of tbo nnmo of Whito. the namo given to tho girl's brothor, on tho Tuena gold-field. William Aubyrn deposed that Sarah Auhyrn was his dauglitor, that prisoner was gold-mining with him on tho Shoal navon for about four months previous to his leaving there; prisoner lived in a hut about 150 yards from his placo ; ho was in the lmbit of teaching his (witness's) children and frcquonting tho house ; his daughter Sarah was ono of thoso whom he instructed. Witness then deposed to prisoner going away from tho Shoalbaven five weeks since last Monday, for Lakaficld, a now gold-field near Windolhtnia, as ho said; ho subse quently missed his daughter, who had left homo without his consent, nnd whom he hnd never used brutally, although he correotod her at times. Sarah Aubyrn, tho mother of the girl, corroborntod her husband as to tiio ciroumstnLoes undor which prisoner nnd tho girl loft, the latter going away without boots or shoes on ; a warrant waa obtained for tiie prisoner immediately the child was missed, tho parents suspecting sho hnd followed him. Surah Aubyrn deposed that sho had known prisonor for threo or four months, and that lie had induced her to loavo homo with him ; when ho asked her to go away bo said ho did not liko to sco her bent so much, and that if she wont with him he would buy her threo frocks, threo petticoats, and threo hats; when prisoner left ho gave her tho bread bag to carry, and told her to wait at tho turn of the cross roads at Mortimor's, and Ho' could overtake hor ; sho did so and fell in Jwith prisonor ; they both travolled to Qoulburp together, camping nnd sleeping out in tho bush togotbor as man and wifo, prisoner, having promised to marry Hor. In cross-examination by prisonor witness admitted that no impropor inter course took plr.co botween thorn beforo leaving her father's placo. and that slio told him throe wooks hcfiro they loft that bIio would not stay with her father as lie heat hor like a dog. and that bIio desired to leavo with hint, but that ho (prisonor) wiis against it, and that when sho met him on tlio' rotid tho morning sho left her parents he advised her to go back, but that sho refused. Trisonor was committed to tako his trial at tho next Braidwood Quarter Sessions, bail allowed, prisoner in SO two sureties in 40/. each. Gour.nuRN Oirijimt cmnit, — On Tuesday Wil liam Mourn alias Monglian, alias William Cutler, a'iias Billy tho Drover, was charged with having, oil tho 20th February. 1807. at Ten-mile Rush, nmrdorod Daniel Potior, alias Dan tho Mexican. Prisoner was defended by Mr Davis; attorneys, Messrs. Walsh and Llctts. The caso was fully reported in tho Courier at tho timo of tho prisoner's examination beforo the bench at Young. Tho jury, after the absonco of an hour, brought in a verdict of guilty. Tho prisoner protested his innocence. Sentcnco of dentil was fassed in tho usual form.— Thomas Quigloy wns charged with having, at Mandemnr. assaulted Regina Vogt. with intent to commit a rnpo. Guilty. Sentence: Two years' hard labour in Sydnoy gaol.— John Atkinson, charged with having committed an unnatural, olfonoo at Braidwood. wns found guilty of the attompt. and sentenced to two yenrs' hard labour in Sydney gaol.— On Wednesday, Alfred Walker, alias Williams, for having, on the 25th January, 1809\. at Reid's Flat, entered tho dwolling of Georgo Evans, boing at tho time armed, and having stolen therefrom a large Ijuantity of property of various kinds. Guilty : Eighteen months' imprisonmont in Sydnoy gaol.— Frederick Phillips was chargod with hnving. at Raid's Flat, on tho 25th January, 13G9. stolon a. quantity of articles, tho property of George Evans. Same prisoner was thon charged with having, at the Five Milo Rush, on _ the 29th January. 18G9, shot at John Harmor, with intent to do him griovous bodily harm. Guilty. Ro- manded for sontonoo. — William Gill fur having, nt Diamond Oroolt. stblcn ono ox. tho property of John Woods. Not guilty. The samo prisoner was charged with cnttla stealing. Guilty. Rc- mnndod for pcntoncc. A Man Killed in a Fioiit : Verdict of Muhdur. — A Grenfoll telegram to the S. M. Herald, dated Monday, savs :— Anthony Guost. an cngiuoer, was killed yesterday aftbrnoon. about four o'clock, in a fight with a man named Simpson : his neck was broken. Simpson has boon committed for trial for murder. Tub Int ic ttoo lo n i a l Single Wicket Match.— Wills's (Melbourno) sido won tho match onTuosday by ono wicket. Destruction of Fern- tuebs.— Wo regret to loarn that in hoiuo parts of tho colony these rare nnd boautiful productions of naturo i.ro rapidly disnpponring. They aro boing wantonly destroyed from slioor mischief or malice : end in somo in stances thoy aro cut down nnd carried nwny by thieves. Wo aro informod that in ono neighbour hood alono. ttaclvo or thirteen of thcso graceful and niagnifieont trees— tho growth of long yours, and which no amount of money can replace— have been thus dostroyed. or stolen, during the last threo months, from tho grounds of private proprietors. Tho pcrsonB committing tlieso acts should know that thoy aro guilty of a felony, which renders them liable to sevore punishment: whilo all those aetivoly assisting them in thoir disgraceful pro ceedings can nlso bo dealt with oriminally. and both.nre liablo in the civil courts. — S. AT. Ilerahl. The Shady Greek Tragedy.— Tho trial of Niool Brown, for tho murder of William Laughton, on tho 29th October last, took placo at the Sale (Gipps Land) Circuit Court, on Tuesday, before his Honor .Tudgo Williams. The prisoner had boen n publican residing nt Shady Greek, on tho Melbourno and Sale roads, and Laughton was a young man in tho employ of Messrs. Cobb and Co. On the evening of tho 29th tho deceased returned from Walhalla, whither ho had conveyed the mails, and while in the stable attending to his hnrses, tho prisoner entered with a rifle in his hand. A groom named Wilson was present, nnd ho stntos that Brown's first words to tho deceased, wore — " Go down on your knees. Willie, and say your prayers." Laughton replied — " What for, Mr Brown P" — when the prisoner raised his rifio to his shoulder, aimod deliberately at tho young man's side, and fired. Laughton fell mortally wounded, and while he was being carried into tho liouso the prisoner left tho placo. He confessed to two or three people whom he met. that ho had killed " Willie." and attributed all tho blame to the conduct of his wife. Ho returned to his house shortly afterwards, and going into tho room wliero Laughton wns dying implored him to fnrgivo him. Tho deceased simply replied, " Wiiat did I do to you that you should shoot mo P" and Brown left, tho room and ngain rodo off. On tho following morning ho visited tho graves of his Into wifo and child, leaving word that if a policeman wanted him, ho would find him at the comotery. Thoro tho constable did find him and took him into custody. Mr Aspinall, who appeared for tho defence, called no witnosses. hut urged tho jury to consider tho extenuating circumstnnccs in favour of the prisonor, who knew of his wife's irregu larities, nnd had moro than suspicion that sho had beon unduly familiar with the dccensod. His honor, in summing up, said tho doctrino omployod by tho learned counsol was a dangeious ono to go abroad, and ho must say that it wns not law. Tho jury, alter deliberating for half an hour, returned a verdict ot guilty, and the judgo passed tho sentence of death in a short impressive speech. Tho prisoner nppoared much distressed throughout tho trial, nnd when the Crown Prosecutor was opening the case, Brown's hands trembled violently, and large tears trickled down his checks.— Mel bourne Telegraph. Mossgiel Station.— Tho Pastoral Times hears that Messrs. F, nnd G. Desailly havo roturnod to their Lnchlan stations with some renewed hopes after the splendid rains. It will bo interesting to know how far tho hopes of these cntorprising . settlors havo been realised in reference to their vast cuttings for rosorvoirs, ns tho unusually heavy fall of rain lias at longth supplied tho means of testing tho oxtensivo plans carried out by Messrs. Desailly for securing water. Rutherford on the Namoi. — We aro informed that a man supposed to bo Rutherford stuck-up the Boggy Creek and Galathora inns on Tuesday last ; the former nhout ten o'clock, and the latter about dinner timo. From Mr Munro. of Boggy Creek, ho took six pounds in' notes and cheques, nnd from Mr Donohuo. of Galathera. about 17/. Two cheques taken from Mr Donohue aro described as follows':— One for 21. drawn by M. Ross, of Gostwyoko. on Mr Danger, of Nootsflold ; and ono for 5/. drnwn by E. 0. Campbell in favour of Donohue, on the Commercial Bank, Singloton. but a Narrabri cheque was used having tho head ernsed. The robber is said to havo ridden up to tho Galathera inn just ns they were at dinner and asked if thoro was room for another. On room being made, ho ant down and had his dinner, after which ho walked out, and waiting for his oppor tunity he presented n rovolvor at Mr Donohue. and hogged to troublo him for his oash-box, from which bo selected the cheques as described above apd somo notes and silver, amounting altogether to about_17Z. _ Some other cheques he rojeotod as not coming within his notions of good money. The polico wore lit onoo informed and two partieE with a tracker woro on tho ground the samo night, with a good chance of getting on Iub trnck. This robber has lately been committing a good many depredations in tho samo neighbourhood and aboul Barraba. He is described as from 20 to 25 years of ago, about 5ft. 8 to 10 ins. high, fair complexion with small light beard and whiskers. Ho had o largo swag on bis horso in a bluo blanket.— Tamworth Examiner, The Levels Mail..— The potition for this mat! line, wbioh was understood to havo beon favourably received by the Po3tmastcr-Goncral. scorns to havi been since lost sight of. Although mnny months have elapsed since.thp potition was presented, anc there has boen ample timo to call for tenders anc get tho lino into working order, nothing has boor dono. The matter is one of great importance, nnc somebody should jog tho momory of tho officials it is bad ouough to. havo to live in tho back country at all, hut to livo thuro without letters, without papers, without even tlio luxury of a line from a friend or a bill from a dun. must involvo an effort at bciug jolly under difficulties that might satisfy even a Mark Tapley. The settlors in that part of the country aro doing good service as the pioneers of civilisation under circumstnnccs' of moro than ordinary discouragement, and are oertninly entitled to tho small consideration of a mail. — Wagga Wagga Express. Fatal Accident. — On Tuosday week last a fatal accident occurred to nn unfortunate labouring man named Thomas Teoco. whilst riding through tho hush from tho rosidenco of a fron-scleetor named M'Kcnzio towards his homo at Eurnngilly. I'oeoo, it apponrs. with two frionds, the wltolo party riding, left M'Kcnzio's together for Eurongilly, hut soon spread out into a lino. Tooco being in the centre, with ono of his companions at some distnnco ahead, and tho third of tho party, named Donald Sincliar. nt about an equal distance behind. After proceeding for about a quarter of a mile at rathor n rapid pneo. Sinclair observed Tocco, riding bonoath tho overhanging branch of a troo, and thcro not being sufficient room to pass under, ho receivod a terrific blow on tho head, and immediately fell from tho soddlo. nis horso gallopod off into the bush, and upnn Sinclair riding up he was found speechless nnd insensible, nnd with tho mnrk of a sevoro bruise running aoross his forohoad. Sinclair and his companion, who by this time had pulled up and returned to tho scono of tho no tident. thon rodo buck to M'Kenzio's, and having procured a cart, tho injured man was plaood in it nnd conveyed to tho residcnco of tho former, but never regained his consciousness, and about two hours afterwards expired. On tho following day a magisterial enquiry wns hold by Mr W. O. Windoyor. and doath having boen shown as abovo related to havo beon tho result of acci dent an order wns given for the burial of his remains. — Wagga Wagga Express. Freaks of the Season at Waooa Waooa. — Tho dry summer through which wo havo just passed has exerted upon tlio fruit crop a most unfavourable influence. In many cases tho plums, nectarines, peaches, and other fruits woro, from lack of a sufficiency of moisturo in tho soil, only half dovoioped, and particularly in untronchcd and naturally dry situations dropped from the trees without attaining to ripeness. Sineo tlio recent heavy rains, and favoured by the mild and forcing woather by which tlicy have been followed, tho fruit trees havo cxhibitod nn almost marvolnus second growth, and. as if to make up for the failures of tho summer, have in mnny instaneos shot out in luxuriant profusion a spring-like crop of llowors and young loaves. The plum flowors have already mostly fallon, and the young fruit is now rapidly forming. Tho otbor trees nro not quito so forward, but if the present mild weather continues, tlio second crop of poaches will soon also nppenr. Nono of these unseasonably producod fruits can of courso ripen, though tlicy may perhaps attain to a sufficient sizo for uso. by careful housewives, in tho pickling jar or preserving pot. — Wagga Wagga Express. The (J in bp Justice and the Tamworth Hotelkeei'er3. — Tho people ofTamworth are vory anxious to have a " hanging" court in their town, and memorialised ttio Ohiof Justice to that effect on his return from the Armidaie Circuit. In reply Sir Alfred writes to Mr Smith, a local attorney, and wo extract tho following from tho lottor. It is eminontly characteristic of his honor : — " 1 havo no hesitation in saying that, so far as my oxpcricnco extonds, tlio hotel accommodation (in Tamworth) is worse, while tho charges aro higher (in some items fully twico higher) than at any oxisting circuit town. You saw how vory plain and c iimnon a dinner we had at . yester- day — everything was of tho commonest kind: evory accessory being of a corresponding chnrnctor. Tho same as to my dinner thoro on my way up. Four (rionds dined with mo on ono, and two on tho other occasion, and for tlieso (ton persons at the two dinners) exclusive of wines, &c.;, tho publicnn charged mo. and I paid him, 5/. Add to this charge tho itoms of horses, eonchman, beds, and brenkfast, all at tlio highest order, and you will sec how little temptation ono has to a residcnco on circuit at Tn in worth. If the Bums named ho an imposition, on Mr 's part, ho well deserves tho exposure of this letter: but if they bo a fair specimen of tho Tamworth charges, tlio Govern ment will have to rcdoot well beforo it consonts to indict so unusfinl a tax on the country or tho judges. No allowanco will ever bo found to meet such enormous charges ns tlieso. You may show tlin present letter as extensivoly ns you may think proDcr." Murder will out. — A caso of peculiar interest has boon tried at tiio Into Circuit Court nt Armidaie. Some timo ago, an old siicpliord in New England named M'Oormaek. who had saved up a considerable sum of monoy, proferrod aohargo ngninst William Mechnn, a boy fourteen years old, of stenling 38/., nnd on that eliargo tlio lad was committed to tako his trial. Subsequently. M'Oormnek, who hud boeoine penniless, having, it was said, lent 1017. to Joromiah Moehan, tlio fathor of tho boy. or ontrustod him with that sum, was taken into shelter in charity by a neighbouring settler, nnd in tho hut wliero ho was thus sheltered ho wns aftorwnrds found most bnvbnrously liiur- dored, undor circumstances which brought I ho crime home, without tho slightest reasonable doubt, to the fathor of young Median. The old man M'C'ormnck had been threatened by the mother of tho boy that ho should never livo to givo ovidenco against hor son, and the whole enso wns so clear that tho judge in sentencing Jeremiah Median to death, warned him of tho utter futility of entertaining tho slightest hope of mercy. Tho caso against tho boy rested upon documentary cvidenco entirely, the prosecutor being dead, hut tlio jury found the prisoner guilty, and his honor, in sending liirn to gaol preparatory to sending liirn to a reformatory, remarked that " tho present case was ono of importunco to the public, in so far as it relntod to tho unhnppy man whom ho had oondemnod on tho previous day. It would show people that there was no use in getting rid of men by murdor. Depositions could always ho produced agninst them." Extraordinary Aot of Self-destruction. — An extraordinary act of self-destruction was (snyE the Melbourne Age) committed at tho Bluo Moun- tnins a fow days ngo. A woman residing in the locality foil down ono of tho numerous abnndonod shafts in the neighbourhood of Trontham. Hei whereabouts was discovered, and arrangement made for releasing hor from her uncomfortable position. Ropos wore securely fastened to hei body, and slid was boing hauled up tho shaft ir safoty. At this timo there were a number of por- sohb oongregnted round tho mouth of tho shaft amongst others, a man named Joseph Brown, whe had recently been drinking to excess. Before the woman wns'oxtricatod from tho shaft. Brown, ap parently seized with a sudden inipulso, throw uf his arms and doliborntoly plunged head foromosl down the hole. Tho aot was dono in nn instnnt without warning or anything liko premeditation As soon ns tho bystanders had recovered from thoii astonishment, tho shaft, wliioh is seventy feet deep was descended, but tho unfortunate man was quiti dead. In fact, death must havo beon instantaneous for tho skull was fractured in half a dozen plaeea Progress of the Railway Works.— Men art onco rnoro at work within the city laying the second lino of rails near tlio goods station, the points having at longth arrived. Tho levollings foi tho workshops havo also been commonccd. — Ooul- burn Herald. The Rev. P. P. Aonew and his Ministration at T'umut.— The Rev. P. P. Agnew. of the Free Church of England, has addressed a letter to the Wagga Wagga Advertiser, from which wo oxtracl the following In the performance of my missionary duties, I nrrivod nt Tumut nbnut fout woeks ago, and found that tlio numorous and respectable population had been utterly negleotod, and that the church had boon closed during the last eight months. This stato of things tho pooplc believed to have arison more from enprioe than necessity, inasmuch as thoy had refused to neoede to tho unreasonable ' pecuniary demands of the Bishop. I was invited to occupy tho building % used tin n church, anil gladly nccepted'tha invita tion of tho peoplo. A correspondent when speaking in tho subject says, ' Under this stato of things, tho nrrival in town of tlio Rev. P. P. Agnew. of tho Freo Church of England, wns hailed with joy by mr Episcopalian friends, ho was accordingly invited to preach in the deserted pulpit, volunteers lame forward nnd cleansed the church of its impuritios, and on Sunday last tho Rev. Mr Agnew eo ducted tho services.' As might havo been expected, I was soon interrupted in ray work, nnd after ministering three Sundays in tho " dilapidated edifice," it was nnnounced that tlio Archdeacon of Yass would conduct divine service nt Tumut, and ho informed tho peoplo during his sormon that ho had heard of their spiritual destitution, nnd had come up to minister a Sabbath amongst them, nnd that thoy might expect liira ngain in about six woeks. This anxiety about thespiritual destitution of tho poople wns manifested by his locking up tho church, and thus depriving them, ns for ns his inlluonco goes, of their rightful ordinances, nnd the uso of tho building which their monoy had ereotod. I, liko my Divine Mastor. whon abused by tlio priests, find friendship among tlio publicans, and I wns kindly allowed to occupy tho assembly room at tho Bochivo Inn. for morning and ovoning servico on Sunday. I mny say, to tlio honour of the congregation at Tumtit. that nono of thorn would tako possession of tho church keys to my exclusion, and tho Archdeacon might Iinvo taken thorn with him had not tho stipendiary magistrate of Tumut volunteered to tako clmrgo of them, saying that his oonscicnco would allow him to do so. ns Mr Agnew was not a clergyman of tho Church of England. Now. I havo nothing to say ngninst tho Archdeacon locking up tho church, or against this first manifestation of his power nnd spirit : and I havo no reflections to make on tlio conduct of a stipendiary magistrate, for stepping between the peoplo and their spiritual rights ; but I do beg respectfully to inform tho latter gentle man that lie is inflicting on mo an unnecessary injury when lie loaves tho sphere of his duty and attompts to deprive mo of my long-sustained position in the estimation of tho public. It scorns to me more than atrnngo, that aftor twonty-six years of arduous and successful labour in this colony as a Prosbytor of tlio Anglican Church, that I should conic so far to he told that I was not a clergyman of tlio Church of England. For information on this subjoct I would refer the gontleman to tho oxpressed opinion of the highest legal authority in this colony, ns published in tho Empire, anil dated August31st. 1SG4. " Mr Agnew lias not renounced his connection with Bishop Barker; nnd Bishop Barker has no authority to degrndo him from his connection with that Church, either in England or hero. Mr Agnow's movement is a very important ono, aB it reads a lesson to colonial bishops, which thoy will do woll to loarn. In a word, Mr. Agnow deserves the sympathy of the public." "'Tumut itself hns had but little of my time and attention, as by the kindness of tho pooplc I have boen nblo to travel to tho remotest parts of tho district, to supply tho Church lack of servico, in tlio porfonn- nnoo of preaching, marriage, nnd baptism ; and 1 tako this opportunity of thanking tho people for their holp and sympathy; and 1 liopo tlio timo is near when they 'ill claim their own rights nnd privileges; and whilo they maintain their fidelity to tho spirit and doctrino of tlio Church of England, thoy will at tlio samo timo freo thomsolves from a doubtful and unscriptural authority, manngo their own spiritual affairs, and choose and support their own ministry. Sale of Treasury Bills. — The Empire writes : — On Tuesday nftornoon the tenders for the issue of Treasury bills under tho authority of Act of Parliamonc, 32 Victoria No. 11, were opened by a board, consisting of tho lion, tlio Colonial Trea surer, the Hon. tiie Oolonial Secretary, the Auditor- Oeneral.and tlio Under-Secretary to tho Treasury. The Treasury hills will bo dated the 1st May, 18G9. and will ho payable on tlio 1st April, 1870, in Sydney. Tho interest will bo fivo poundB per centum per annum, payable half- yearly, nnd the hills will bo issued in sums of one hundred pounds ench, or any multiple of ono hundred pounds, and will bo transferable. Tho mode of procedure wns ns follows; — The minimum rato was fixed and con tained in a sealod envolope. Every tender was first read out and numbered, tlio tenderers being present. Tlio names wero not disclosed, onoli tenderer knowing his own tender. Tbo wholo of tlio tenders having been opened, Mr Samuelopened tlio envelope and road tlio minimum lie lind fixed, viz , 101. Tenders for 319, 500/. wcro declared ac cepted tit an nverugo premium of 21. Os. lOd. and a fraction por cent., leaving tho rate of interest something under three per cent, 'i'lto principal tenderers wcro Messrs. 1). Cooper and Co., whoso offers woro accepted to tho cxtont of 250,000/, This must ho regarded as tho most successful finanoin! oporntion that has yet boon effected in tho colony, and tho mode of oonduoting the business has been as satisfactory as tlio rosult. Holloway's Pills and Ointment —Influenza, Coughs, and Colds. — In diseases 'of tho throat and chest,' so prevalent in our changeable climato, nothing so speedily relieves, or so certainly cures, as those inostimnblo remedies. Thcso disorders aro too often neglected at commonccmont, or nro injudiciously trcatod, resulting in cither case in dis astrous consequences. Whatever tho condition of tho patient, Holloway's rotnodios will restore, if recovery he possihlo. they will retard tho alarming symptoms till tho blood is purified and nature consummates tho cure, gradually restoring etrongth nnd vital norvous power. By persevering in the use of Holloway's preparations, tone is conferred on the stomach and framo gonorally. Thousands of persons have testified that by the uso of theso remedies alone tlicy have boon restored to health after ovory other means had failed. THE PROVINCIAL COUNCIL IN ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL. MELBOURNE. ( Abridged from the Daily Telegraph.) Eight mitred heads and about seventy clergy men of lessor rank in tho Roman Catholic Church, assotnbling in Melbourne, botokencd some extra ordinary ceremony connected with tlio faith. This coremony is the second Provincial Council (tho firBt was hold at Sydney) of Australia, which was opened on Sunday by his Grace the Most Reverend Bedo Polding, Primate of Australia. Provincial Councils aro asBomblngos of prelatos and clergyman of a provinco who hnvo a right to sit in council summoned by tho Archbishop of the diocese, to settle certain grnvo subjects connectod with tho welfare of the Church. In the present instnncc, tho reverend fnthors are convoked to gether to disousH tlio question of mixed marriagos. education, Church discipline, nnd other matters previous to tho grand (Ecumenical Council, to bo hold at Rome at the end of tho year, when it is expoctod GOO bishops will assamblo undor tho mighty domo of St. Potor's, Pio Nino presiding, perhaps ovor one of tho largest assemblages of scholars, profound thinkers, and Christian digni- tnries that the world has seen for some centuries paBt. Tho mngnificent peal of bolls of St. Patrick's Cathedral rang out a delicious volumo of joyous molody shortly beforo tea o'clock. Hundreds might be scon wending their way to tho church, and in a short timo. ono of tho largest congrega tions wo hnvo seen in its walls assembled in an ticipation of tho approaching ceremony. There woro a large number of tho goneral publio present, besides tho members of tho Ontholic Church. Soon afterwards n hum through the congregation unnouncod that tlio procession had started from the palaco of tho Right Rev. Dr. Qoold, Roman Oatholio Bishop of Melbourne; tho band nnd choir commenced a burst of sacred music which echoed from aislo to aisle, a salute wns fired from tho tower, nnd tho prelntes and priests chanting tho litany of the Blessed Virgin, cante in in the following order, clothed in full robes and vest- monts. Tho thurifor. with thurible, cross-bearer, with tho. acolytes, sanctuary nttondants, tho clorgy of tho various dioceses, the suffragan bishop fol lowed by his Grace tho Archbishop. Having arrivod at tho high nltar. nnd mndo tho usunl gonufleotion._ thoy bowed, to ono another and re tiring to thoir rospcetivo places, remained stand ing untii tho arrival of tho metropolitan, who genuflected at tho loot wf tho altar, and began the Mass of tho Holy Ghost, tho choir and band performing Haydn's Intperinl Mass. At the elovation of tho Snored Host and the elevation of tho clinlieo, the large bell gnvo six strokes. Tlio synodica procession then proceeded, tho Arch bishop vested in cope, placed inconso in tho thurible, and tho train as stated abovo. came down tho ccntro of tho church, issuod from tho front door of the cathedral, and turning round tho cliuroh. re-entered by tho same door. During this ceremony tho psalm " Ave Maris Stella " was sung. Tho psnltnB " Exultnto Deo," " Fundamenta. ejus." " Qitam dilectn," and " Ecce quant bonum," wero also intoned. The procession then returned to tho high altar, all genuflected, bowed to each other, returned to their respective places, and re mained until tho nrrival of the venorablo prelate. Tho Archbishop having genuflcctod, tho deacon turned townrds tho fathers of the synod, and sang Orate (I beseech you to pray). The Archbishop, kneeling, intoned tbo anthem, " Exaudi nos. Domino," at tlio end of which all the prelates and priests took their seats and sang tho psalm. "Exurgnt Dous." At tho end of tho psalm nil stood up, tho anthom was repeated, and tho Arohbishop sang tho following prayers : — " Adsumtts, Domino Sanctc Spiritus,"' "Omni- potens." At the conclusion of tho prayers nil knelt, and two cantors began tho Litany of tlio Saints, and continued ns far as ' Ut nmnihus fidglibtis," when the Arohbishop. with his ministers, roso, and turning towards tho synod, blessed tho session, saying " Ut hnno presonlum synodura," &o.;, after which ho knelt until tiio Litany was finished. At tho end all roso, while tho Aroh bishop snng " Oremus." " Da Quodsuinus Domino." &c.; The following prayer wns thon said : — Grant to Thy Church, wo bcsocch Tlieo, 0 most morciful God. that being gathered together in the holy spirit, she may worthily servo Tlieo with untroubled nnd devoted mind, through the Saviour, Jesus Christ, Thy Son, our Lord, who livoth and reigncth with Tlieo in tho unity of tho snmo holy spirit, world without end." A selec tion from the 9th chapter of tho Gospel of St. Lttko was then sung by tlio deacon. The Aroh bishop intoned the hymn " Voni Creator Spiritus." At tho end of the verse the clergy roso with tho Archbishop, anil remained standing to tho end. The Archbishop then delivered a short sermon in Latin. Tho Archdeacon thon read tlio docrees to he observed during the sitting of tho synod. This being dono, tho bishops and all tho officials connected with the canonical part of tho syr.od reoitod tho profession of faith of Pius IV. Tho indietion of the second session was thon made, and tho Archbishop gave tho solemn blessing, all tho congregation bowing low ns tho venorablo prelate left the cathedral with a saluto fired from tlio towor. Pontifical Vespers took placo in tho ovoning. at which thoro was in immenso congregation present. Tho Secretary of tho Synod is Dr. Bercnnto. The second session will com mence on Thursdny next, nnd tho synod will closo with a similar grand ceremony on Sunday next. 