THE TOWN AND SUBURBS. bimndav op the Pbinoe op Wales. — To morrow being the anniversary of the birthday of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, it ia an nounced that the Government officoa will be olosed, and there will be no sittings in tho Snpreme Canrt. The day will no donbt be observed as a holiday, althoagh tho banks keep open in conBeqnonco of tho departure of the mail. The great feature of tho day is tho vo lunteer review at Ballurat. Tho Ballarat eorpa will bo supplemented by the corps from the Corio and Mount Alexander districts, a detach ment of Metropolitan Light Horse, S officers, f sergeants, and 5Q rank and die of the Metro politan corps, with the exception of tho Bast Melbourne and St. Kilda Artillery, which will furnish 0 gun detachments each. The Sandhurst and Cietlemaiue Corps left their districts for Melbourne by tho 11 80 train from Sand hurst, and proceeded to Ballarat immediately on their arrival. The officers' horses left for Ballarat at 11.30, the Metropolitan Corps at 3 20. The Engineers, Metropolitan, Carlton, and Coliiugwood R flea leave at 6.30 a.m. to morrow. The remainder proceed by a special train at 0.50 a.m. Tho Zoological Gardens will be the scone of the United Order of Odd fellows' fete. There will bo tho nsual sports, an art-union, and a grand display of fireworks. The Loyal Hand of Friendship Lodge will hold a grand soiree at the Foresters' Hall in tho evening to commemorate their eleventh anniversary. The day is also of im portunes to the city. The Mayor oleot will ho formally installed in his offioo, and the official mayoral dinner takes place in the evening. Enjoyments for those of a more sober tarn have not been forgotten. Northcoto will be the scene of a picnio in connection with tho laying of the foundation stone of the new Weaioyan Church by the Rev W, Taylor, from California. A Boireo will be hold at tho CollinB street Baptist Church in the evening, to welcome tho Rev. W. Martin, lately arrived from England to aocept the pastorale of the charch in question, Brighton, of course, will prove a source of attraction to many ; and Sandridge will no doubt be favored by those who take an interest in shipping. At night both theatres have put forth enticing programmes. A legal complication arose ovor the case of Sherwood v. Courtney, tho sooond on the list before Mr Justice Williams, in the Juries of Four Court, this morning. When the trial was called on, Dr Dolson, who had hastily entsrod the court, stated that through nnnanal oirenm- stances neither himself nor Mr Fellows, who were engaged for tho defendant, could appear in the case. Mr Fellows was practically alone on_ one aide in the case of Detto v. Shaw, going on in the Jaries of Twelve Court, throngh Mr Ireland, his senior, being away. He (Dr Dobsou) was engaged in opposition to Mr Fellows in Detto v. Shaw, and Mr Higin- botham was retained too ; but had been unable to_ hear any of the evidence, throngh being engaged in this court all tho morning. Mr Higinhotham was, therefore, not in a posi tion to nndertsko the reply to Mr Fellows, which wonld probably have to bo made in an bow Of 90; Me Billing said that he appeared Ivitb Mr Molesworth for the plaintiff in Sherwood v Courtney, and offered to consent to a postponement if the other side paid the costs of the day. Dr Dobeoit was not prepaved to consent to this, and his Honor Eatd the case mnat ga on. Dr Dobion then left tho court, and Mr Billing opened the case for tho plaintiff in tho ahsenca of nay counsel for tho defen dant. . Mr Higiubutham, however, entered shortly afterwards, and took up the case at a moment's notice. An ElectioneemhoIncident. — In ono of the recent olectious near Melbourne tho following occurrence took placo. A party of three or four waited upon a Btont yeoman for his vote. The slid yeomanwas very busy with his farming speculations, and did not seom to relish tho thought of losing his time ; neither was ho altogether willing that his voto should bo loet. He ooolly said to those who craved his vote, that he could not go with them, but ho would givo them his paper, and, with great naivete adding that they could vote for him. The paper was taken, the party drove off, and, no doubt the vote was duly recorded on behalf of the candidate for whom tho voto wae requested, and helped to make a majority for the winner. Miss Ahblia Bailee. — This lady, ono ol the few colonial artists (says the S. M. Herald J who have visited foreign lands and established a position in competition with others who have their claims to public support on the ground of a European reputation, gave her opening oonoert in Sydnoy, in tho Sohool of AjRs, lost Thursday. Although tho favorite vooalist was only assisted by Miss Oalzado, and the price of the tickets was five shillings, tho same paper dcolares that thero was a largo attendance, nnd the entertainment wsb a bril liant suocess. Railway Retches. — The returns issued ly the. department for the week ending dth No vember, exhibit a very marked contrast to thoBo of last year for a similar period. This year 53,102 passengers were conveyed on tho Government lines, as against 39,458 in 1868, Included in the former number are the pas sengers taken to the raaeoonrso on Saturday week and on last Thursday. The total amouut of money reoeivod from all trafiio for tho week, is £17,316 0d lid against £15,471 5s 4d for 1868\. The number of our country visitors to tho races may be estimated, from the'faot that en Thursday last, the Cap day, 600 persona were brought down from the prinoipal stations on the Morray River line, and 1063 pasaoDgers were brought to Melbourne by the special trains on the Ballarat line. From Melbonrna to the racecourse on Thursday, the 4th, 7886 pasaaagera mn conveyed, On Friday, the 5lh, 15J7, nnd on Saturday, tho 6th, 3595. We think pat we aro cu-r'ct. in affirming tint never enco the line hit hunn opened hns so large a traffic been oarricd ovor it, nnd, fortu nately, t can he nihitd without any acident or misafyontnrn. Tiir Pj lie:: Court. — Tho City Police Ooutt was opQii-d (or usu tlii>- morning after the late repairs ihd alterations, and mat with the ap probation of all uurliov except tbuso priuonera who wert charged with druukeoncsa, as it iB gencrallyia rule to rolase drnnkurds on Mon day withk fine of 2s 6d, or, if they have been locked u> sinco Saturday, to discharge them without it fiuo. This morning, however, 5i was the ninininm fine much to their sarpriso. Perhaps |ho mog:?trates bod before them the amount ecpendod in repairing tho court, arid considerci that the prisoners ought to pay an extra aupunt for being brought into a re spectable -building. PxoEoffSnooiiNo. — Arrangomoals are being made by the Victoria Shooting Club for an in tercolonial match with Tasmania. A meeting of the chh is called for- this evening nt 8 o'clock, atGrimwood's hotel, Elizabeth stroet, to ocntilci the subject. Races.— After wo went to press on Saturday a protost vas entered against Charon and War rior by the ridor of Strop for orossiug in tho Queen'B Plate. After mature deliberation tho protest wae dismissod, Mr Fisher's colt remain ing tho wi-uner of tho guineas. The Froa Handicap, of 100 sovs, was won by Albany. Eighteon homes started. Monk made tho running. At tho last turn Albany and Puison webt to tho front, tho former passing the post first, Poison second, Norma third. Tho IatoBt betting was 3 to 1 Monk, 4 to 1 Lapdog, 5 to 1 Albany. Time, 2min. 59sco. Settling. — Up to the time of our going to press somo littlo settling over Iho races had tskon place, but only to a limited extent. To night it isjexpected ail will pass off satisfactorily. We arc informed that Mr Saqni, the winner of large _ earns by Warrior, intends making a donation of £500 to tho Molbonrns Jockey Club. Sale op Race Horses. — Mevsrs M'Kersie and Co sold, to-day, at Kirk's Bazaar, a thoroughbred yearling filly, by Maribyrnong, oat of Masidorn, Mr W. Craig, of Ballarat, being the purchaser for 150 guineas. Tho same auctioneers also sold the racehorse Tasman to Mr Harnett for forty-fivo guineas. JounNEvnnN Bakers. — Tho meeting of tho journeymen bakers on Saturday evening was of a private nature. The idea of forming a large oo-oporative bakery has at laat been acted upon. At a special meeting of tho working bakers, on Saturday, more than 100 shares were taken np, and it is believed that the bakery will be in full work in about three weeks. A cose of somo importance with regard to the present struggle between masters and men will bs heard at the District Court on Wednesday next. Mr Cameron, of Viotoria street, baa caused a summons to bo issued against Mr Maurico Dillon, foreman to Mr Bowman, for unlawfully distributing a handbill to which no printer's name was affixed. Model of a Theatre. — As some of our con temporaries have stated that the very ingenious toy theatre, made by Mr Miers, the dentiBt, ot Swanston-streeot, was made for the purpose of being presented to the Emerald Hill Bazaar, which is to bo held to-morrow, wc have been requested to state that such is not the oase. Tho model was made for presentation to Mrs Cole, of Emerald Hill, hy whom it will be exhibited at tho bazaar. Wo ahonld infer that the funds of the bazaar will benefit by the exhibition, for the model is a very ingenious one, nnd contains footlights, proseeninm, stage, figures, music, and a panorama, which is dis played for tho delectation of the sight seers. Fnost Mr S. Mullen we have received " First Communion," being a confirmation addreeB by Rev H. B. Macartney. From all that wo havo heard of Mr Maoartney this littlo broehnro is what wo should havo expected. It is very earnest, it possesses marks of deep feeling and sincerity, and reveals, on tho author's part, a good acqnaiutance with the evaugelical theory. On the other hand there is much that is crudo in tho thought, and much that is inconsequen tial in the reasoning. Tho toudenoy of the book is good, and no doubt tho hearers of tho reverend gentleman will he glad to possess tho address ia its published form. Theatre Royal. — Ou Satarday evening Heir Bthdmann appeared as Clando Melnotto to a well-filled house, and succeeded in eliciting un qualified applause. Mies Rose Evans, as Pau line, fairly divided tho honors. To night " Othello" will be performed, Herr Bandmann playing logo, and Mr Steele Othello. Miss Bowring will make hor reappearance ae Emilia. Duke op Edinburgh. — This theatre wqb well filled on Saturday evening, when Mr F. Drew successfully appeared as Rory O'Moro and Monsieur Jaeques. To-night Mr Drew takes his boncfit, and it is to bs hoped that his merit will bo duly appreciated. Weston's Opeua-hquse. — On Saturday night a large assemblage of persons gathered to wit ness tho performances of Mr Chapman. Tho card and tho ring tricks are as impenetrable as ever to all the observers, and deservedly win applauso. The great feature of Saturday night's entertainment waB the sackful of ghosts. Ia this trick Mr Chapman consents to bo hand cuffed, and then tied up in a hag, the bag being sealed. After this Mr Chapman is placed under some curtains, which conceal him from the audience. A din is heard from within the curtains as if somo dozen people were inside, and bands appear from various openings. The curtains are drawn hack, and ) Mr Chapman is seen still encased in the bag. Tho curlaius are again closed, and imme diately on their opening Mr Chapman is seen out of tho bng, though still handcuffed. The bag is passed round tor inspection, but it is found sealed, as at the first. Tho wondorment of tho audience iB duly excited as to how Mr Chapmen shows his hands and gets out of tho bag after being handcuffed and sealed in. Theatrical News. — By private -advice3 wo learn that a well known Australian entrepre neur was in Milan early in September laot, nnd-hnd IV.trt, met v.'i-.h Sigtior Bartnlini, tho haritoao singer, who will ho rcmombored as taking part in Melbourne (in conjunction with Signor Devoti end Antoni) in the first repre sentation in tbia city of Verdi's opera "Un Ballo in Mascliarn," nt theHaymarket Tlieatro, in January, 1868. Madame di Autoni, also,, was residing in tho same city. From tho same sonree, we hear ot tho probability of that celebrated Australian cantatrice Miss Lucy Chambers, re-visiting tho colonies as an ope ratic stnr. She was singing at the Opera Hoase La Scala, and had become very popular. Tho Rialto did not suffer any damago by going on Bhoro, Sho grounded at" high water, and got off the next tido, after throwing abont thirty tons of coals overboard. Sao is now discharging at tho Railway wharf, Goelong. The Sydney Herald ot Wednesday says that tho Superannuation Fnnd ia in an insol vent condition, and has been so largely drawn upeii that it is now insufficient to meet the demands npon it. Payment of pensions has been Btopped for the present, and the Govern ment are actively engaged in considering what should have been considered some timo ago, that is tho difficulty of carrying oat tho inten tions of the Superannuation Aot. Whether the pensions will bo wholly stopped until a fresh grout is made by Parliament, or whother the present assets will be rateably divided among tho pensioners, is bb yet an open question. It is probable that tho Government will devote' the money in hand to the payment in full of the pensions of the senior claimants, and that the juniors will have to wait until tho fund is onco more placed in a solvent state. Navvies on Strike.— A telegram from Mar- rurnndi ou Wednesday, to the Sydney Herald,, states that the navvies to the number of abont three hnndred, marohed throngh the town this afternoon at 5 p.m., carrying Bhirts on poles, for fiagg, and singing songs. They have done- no work this week. They wero not paid on! Saturday last, as is customary. Mr Mac-j quarie wob at his hotel, but refused to see' them, and sent out word that they would be paid on Friday, or sooner, if their work could be measurod np. For some reason this was not done lost week, bat the faalt is not the con-, traotor's. The police wero under arms in tho street. The inhabitants intend to protect the aoutmotor from any ill-treatment. 