BIBLE TRANSLATION AND RE VISION SOCIETY. The annual meeting of the Bible Translation and Bevision Society was held at White's ltooms, on Thursday evening, January 28. There was a large attendance, and Mr. W. K. Thomas presided. The meeting was com menced by the Rev. S. Mead reading a por tion of Scripture and engaging in prayer, after which, The Chairilvs remarked that they had met on the second anniversary of the Society. In his opinion there was no better work than the dissemination of God's Word amongst all nations. The meeting was unsectarian in cha racter, and the objects of the Society were also entirely unsectarian. It had been said they were connected with the American Bible Union, but this was a mistake altogether, as they were not connected with any Society. It was true that they had circulated that Union's Bibles, but this was because they considered them the best translations of the Word of God existent. Some had also said that those Bibles were hastily translated, but he could assure them that this was not a fact, as that Union had been in existence for a great length of time, and they had only translated the .New Testament and two Books of the Old Testament. He further remarked that this Society was not antagonistic to any other Society, as they could not but feel the highest respect' for the great Bible Society which had been in existence up wards of 60 years, and all honor should be given to. that Society for doing so much as it had done towards spreading the Word of God throughout the world. The attention of the greatest biblical scholars in England had been called to the necessity of having a completely revised edition of the Word of God, and he believed and hoped the day was not far distant when they would have such a revision. He concluded by calling on the Secretary (Mr. James Whiting) to read the annual report which was as follows:— "In presenting ttie second annual report or this Society, the Committee are not able to record statistics of any large amount of ex ternal effort put. forth through our agency. "We believe, however, that the principles and objects for the promotion of which this Society was originated have made decided progress in the colony during the past year. Herein we see reason for gratitude and encouragement. " A few months ago the sum of £20 was sent to the care of the Rev. J. C. Page, to he appropriated to the distribution of Bengal Scriptures in the province of Furreedpore. The work of colportage is carried on there, sustained entirely by this Society. Owing to much afflic tion and heavy trials, Mr. Page has not for warded to us a detailed narrative of the work done by the colporteurs, hut we hope soon to be supplied with this interesting information. " At the end of January of last year we sent to Hew York an order for 250 lie vised New Testaments, chiefly of the medium edition. These only came to hand some two months since. This delay was not only disappointing, but it placed difficulties in the way of carrying out energetically the objects we ha.ve in con templation. A fresh order for Revised Testa ments was sent by the last English mail. At the last annual meeting we had on hand 960 of the Revised Testaments; these, with the new supply lately received, make a total of 1,210. There are in stock at the present time about 460, thus showing a sale of 750 for the year ; including those sold previously, about 1,200 Revised Testaments have thus been put in cir culation. " With last supply of revised Testaments we received the four volumes of the 'Documentary History' of the American Bible Union. These books contain 2,000 pages of valuable informa tion regarding the origination and progress of the Bible Union. Moreover, those competent to judge declare that these volumes form more replete treasury of materials bearing on the work of revision than can be found elsewhere. "As much misconception exists relative to the American Bible Union, we deem it needful to state that its grand principle is 1 the Bible faithfully translated for all the world.' This is clearly set forth in the second clause of the con stitution (adopted in 185 ), as follows :—' Its object shall be to procure and circulate the most faithful versions of the sacred Scriptures in all languages throughout the world.' The membership of the Union is undenominational, being conditioned on a monetary payment, which is assumed to imply sympathy with and the adoption of the main principle of the Union. ' "In carrying out the work of revision, the following general rules have been laid down for the guidance of revisers :— " ' 1. The exact meaning of the inspired text, as that text expressed it so those who understood the original Scriptures at the time they were first written, must be translated by corresponding words and phrases, so fai as they can be found, in the vernacular tongue of those for whom the version is designed with the least possible obscurity or indefiniteness. " ' 2. "Wherever there is a version in common use it shall be made the basis of revision, and all unnecessary interference with the estab lished phraseology shall be avoided, and only ( such alterations shall be made as the exact meaning of the inspired text and the existing state of the language may require. : '"3. Translations or revisions of the New Testament shall be made from the received Oreek text, critically edited, with known errors corrected.' " ' SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS TO THE REVISERS OF THE ENGLISH NEW TESTAMENT. " ' 1. The common English version must be the basis of the revision—the Greek text, Bagster and Sons' octavo edition of 1851. 1 " '2. "Whenever an alteration from that | version is made on any authority additional to that of the reviser, such authority must be cited in the manuscript either on the same page or in an appendix. 3\. Every Greek word or phrase in the translation of which the phrasealogy of the common version is changed must be carefully examined in every other place in which it occurs in the New Testament, and the views of the reviser be given as to its proper translation in each place.' '' The plan adopted by the Bible Union in the revision of the English Scriptures has been as follows:—In the first instance, the several parts of the New Testainant were distributed to the most competent scholars obtainable in America and in England, with instructions to pre pare a preliminary version according to the rules "already given. The preliminary revisers were ecclesiastically connected with nine dif ferent denominations. They worked under the same rules, in some instances being associated in their labors. No p lins or expense were spared in procuring for them any books which they requested, or any other conveniences or accom modations which they required. When any j portion was published, it was sent to numerous scholars besides the revisers, and the criticisms and suggestions which it drew forth were sub mitted to the party who had prepared it for the press, and he had opportunity to reconsider and improve the work. Thus was procured nearly sixty manuscript revisions of some complete book of the New Testament, embodying an im mense amount of research on almost every im portant question connected with the transla tion. Ultimately a final Committee of Revisers was appointed, who were instructed to spare no pains in rendering the final revision as perfect as possible. Several of thcse final revisers have a world-wide reputation for scholarship, such as Drs. Hackett, Conant, and Roediger. " Although at the establishment of the Bible Union in 1850 it was thought by many that the work of revising the English and Common Itevision would speedily be accomplished, yet it occupied 14 years to produce the Revised New Testament as we now possess it. The Old Testament is being vigorously proceeded with, the revisions of Genesis and Job being complete. " It may be well to state that our Society is no further pledged to the revised Teetament of the Bible Union than this—that we adopt it until we can secure a better. The principles of the Bible Union require that if a single improve ment can be effected in our present version, it must he done as quickly as possible. " As might be expected, the revised New Testament has elicited in this colony various opinions as to its merits. Adverse views have been maintained, but not a few have expressed a general and decided approval. In public or denominational journals of our colony but little has been written. There is, however, to he found an exception to this in a candid and dis criminating letter, signed "Sincerity," which appeared in the South Australian Wesleyan Magazine for October, 1S68. The writer takes exception to the renderings, in two or three passages, and especially objects to the transla tion of one important word; hut, speakingof it as a whole, says—'It is only fair to acknowledge that with exceptions, some of which will be pointed out, this translation is a faithful one, and fearlessly alters and gives a correct transla tion of many passages in our present Bible which are obscure or wrongly expressed.' He adds that 'it is evident from the Bible Union Monthly Reporter that great pains have been taken in consulting every possible authority upon the sacred text, both critical and exege tical, and the gentlemen who have undertaken the new translation may be accepted as being fully qualiSed for it, so far as erudition and scholarly ability are concerned.' "We sincerely welcome such criticism. . "In concluding this report, we would remind the friends of pure versions of the duty and privilege of helping on the cause, both with their pecuniary means and their pTayers. It is1 a matter to regret that so little_ during the past year has been contributed to this object. We are reaping the fruits of a large expenditure by the Bible Union in past years. Now there is needed large contributions to complete the re vision.of the Old Testament, and we think friends here should have a little share in bearing the burden." The Treasurer also read his annual report, from which it appeared that the Society were indebted to him to the amount of about £25. The Rev. H. S. Eare moved the following proposition:—"That the reports and balance sheet be adopted; also, that the "Word of God should be translated into every language spoken on earth in only such terras as will most clearly and plainly convey the mind of the Spirit as expressed in the original Hebrew and Greek." He spoke of the great objects comprehended by the proposition, remarking that thej were those in which all the world might join. Some people imagined when a new translation of the Bible was presented to the u that they were offered an entirely new "Word of God, whilst others thought that the old Family Bible that they were accustomed to was the original word as delivered by God in all its purity. "He then explaine-l the origin, objects, and principles of the American Bible Union. , The origin of the Union was caused by the pressing necessity for a true and correct version of the Word of God to be used by: all nations on earth, and it was started on the 10th of June, 1850, in the city of New York, by men whose,- souls were imbued with a sincere desire to benefit their fellow creatures. Some persons had erroneously said that the transla tion sent out by that Union was a Baptist onu. An eminent doctor in Kentucky had said that if the Baptist denomination would fall, through a true version of the Bible being given to the world, he would like to live to see the day, and preach the funeral sermon. The object of the American Union were in these words:—"The object of this Society shall be to circulate a true and faithful translation of the Bible amongst all nations.' This object had been commanded by the .Lord Jesus Christ when He said, ' Go ye into all the w orld, and preach the Gospel to every creature." Of course to fulfil this commandment, it was necessary1 that the Bible should be translated. The Apostles were also commanded to tarry in the city of Jerusalem till they were imbued with the Holy Spirit, and they tarried till the Day of Pentecost, when "they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues as the Spirit gave them utterance.'-' Man also commanded a correct translation of the Scriptures. It was his right to demand this, and " Shall we whose souls are lighted By wisdom from on high: . Shall we to men benighted The Lamp of Life deny ?" He hoped their answer to this would not be in the negative. The language of the translation completed in King James's time was not what was used now, as the English language had greatly changed. Scholars had mentioned that there were more than 24,000 errors in King James's version of the Bible. Although that version was issued trader Royal authority, yet many imperfections were pointed out, and two Acts - for its revision were submitted to Parliament, but were not carried. Many said they loved the good old Bible of their fore fathers. So did he. but he did not love the errors which were in it. Others again had said that the Bibles issued by the American Union were sectarian in character, but those very persons were the ones who were cherishing a Bible that was purely sectarian in character. The opposition shown by King James to the Genevan Bible, the sale of which in England was a crime, showed the sectarian character of his own translation of the Scriptures. The greatest Biblical scholar in England was also prohibited from taking part in that translation, because he would not be bound by what King James told him with respect to the work. This • was also another proof of its sectarian nature. The rev. gentleman read some of the rules of the Ameri can Bible Union, which, he. thought, clearly proved that their Bibles were.purely unsectarian in character. In conclusion he asked those present to co-operate with them in spreading to all nations a pure and correct version of the sacred "Word of God. The Eev. S. Mead seconded, remarking that for some time he had been looking for the issue of a revised edition of the Bible in England, but the recent divisions in Church and State had, he thought, rendered impossible the issue of a Bible that would meet with unviversal acceptance. He quoted from a work 011 revision by the Archbishop of Dublin, and also'from the works of other celebrated persons relative to Bible revision. He thought that if the 47 revisers who translated the Scriptures in the time of King James were alive at the present time, they would, seeing the facilities the English language afforded for the better expression of thought, at once ask that their work might be made more ) perfect. He referred to svords in the present Bible which were capable of many different translations, and also to many words that had become obsolete. He pointed out that there were several specimens of bad grammar, and said he believed that many of the words, through being improperly rendered, hid some of the most glorious truths in the Bible. Many scholars, he remarked, had published revised versions of the Scriptures, and why should they still keep the version of King James and teach their children errors, which they afterwards would find very difficult to unteach 1 hem ? if he might be allowed that expression. The colony of South Australia had been noticed in the documentary evidence recently published in America; and by it he saw that one of their Governors, Sir R. G. MacDonnell, had contributed 30 dollars, and that Mr. G. F. Angas had given 250 dollars towards the support of the Society. The Chairman then, put the propositions, and declared them unanimously carried. "Whilst the collection, which realised £8, was being made, The Bev. H. S. Earl remarked what he had forgotten to mention before—that in King James's time there were only 20 revisers en gaged in translating the Bible, whilst their manuscripts went back no farther than the tenth century, but now there were upwards of 100 manuscripts, and they extended.back as far as the fourth century. Mr. H. J. Lambert moved, and the Eev. Thos. Porter seconded, that the following gentlemen act as a Committee for the ensuing year:—'• Eev. S. Mead and Mr. James Whiting, Secretaries; Mr. G. W Fowler, Treasurer; Eevs. T. J. Gore, H. S. Earl, Thomas Porter, and Messrs, H. J. Lamhert, W. H. Burford, J. Darling, D. Fowler, D. Gall, S. Kidner, Thomas Magarey, J. Neill, P. S'anto, James Smith, and W. K. Thomas." Carried unani mously. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. 