NATIVE ADDRESS TO THE GOVERNOR His Excellency Sir George Bowen lately visited Wnnganui, and was presented with tho following address from the natives : — ' To Sir George Ferguson Bowen, Governor of New Zealand, &c.; 1 ' 0 Father I Salutations I Wo, yonr children, desire to wo'oome you on this your second visit to our settlement, Wanganui. On your first arrival here you found this placo in great troublo and confusion, and wo now desire to eongratulato you bocausc the ovil days havo passed, and light has again shono upon this community, 'O Parent 1 Tho great evil that befel our vicinity in the past have been abolished and removed by the just and clear measures framed and carried out by yourself and yonr Uovornmont. Thcae dark days, tho days of Titoko Wnru, havo vanished. ' 0 Father, tho Govoruor I We salute you. together with Mr Fox. Dr. Foathorston, Mr JI-Loan, nnd tho other members of your Executive I Do you afford us, you children, protection in the future 1 ' Great is our satisfaction at this time on account of our friends. Dr. Featherston, Mr Fox, and Mr M'Lean, having become your ndvisers in conducting the administration of this colony 1 These gentlemen aro our own ' Panela,' whoso names are familiar to us, and whoso good deod havo been apparent in this island in days gone by, 0 Friend, welcome 1 welcome I coming to sec us as you do on this occasion, clothed with authority and chieftain dignity. Coino and give importance to this place. Come frequently, for this, is Wanganui, the stronghold of the island, and from whcnco your proceedings will take effect upon the Maori race, 'O Father, tho Governor, the repesentntivo of onr good and. great Queen, wo saluto you I ourpreservor, and iit whom our trust and confidence is placed 1 ' Wo havo a roquost to makotoyou and Mr Fox; it is this : Let tho Governor havo a house built for him to reside in (lining some of the months of every year at Wanganui as at Auckland I This would givo us great delight, as wo would thon havo our chiof protector taking up his abode amongst us I 0 pro server 1 wo saluto you and Lady Bowen and your children 1 and may Almighty God afford you His graco and protection in tho days to como I ' From your loving ohildron, ' Mote Kingi, M.H.R. ' Major Kemp, Mawao. 'Kawana l'ukatotu, Hamiana, Ilarkaria, Aporaniko, Motiu, Toma, Iltimi and Apcrahama, [and all tho Wanganui tribes. ' Wanganui, September 22.' His Excellency thanked them for tho address, and said ho was happy to bo ablo to congratulate them on tho improved state of affairs in Wanganui sinco his Inst, visit:. This imnrnvoment. hn mirrlit observe, wnn in some measure brought about by tho action takon by ICemp and other Wnnganui nativos in assisting to drive back Titoko Waru from the Waitotara. Ho hoped that tbo friendly relations which had hitherto oxistod botweon tho loyal Wanganui natives and European settlors would ever continue, and assured them that it was tho earnest desire of her gracious Majesty tho Queen that her nativo and European subjects should live under her govornmout as ono happy and loyal peoplo. Over Speculation. — A collapsc is impending in the share market in Auckland. It was horalded by various newspapers having long advertising lists of shares in scores of companies to sell. No wondor. when it is known that tho ' Gazette' shows that companies have been started sinco the beginning of tho present year whoso advertised capital amounts to an aggregate of £2,0.0,000. Many will bo ruined by tbo ovor-spcculation indulged in— Argus Correspon dent. In relation to tho stato of tilings approaching, the Thames correspondent of tho Nelson 1 Colonist' writes : ' I have heard it stated on good authority that, if tho total produce of tho Thames gold fields were divided amongst tho people there, it would not bo half sufficient to pay their board and lodging! At present there is a great fall in tho value of all shares, both in good and bad claims aud companies, for the market havo beon ' bulled' to an awful extent and hundreds of poor devils have fallen easy victims to tho desire of making monoy easily and rapidly. As is frequently tho caso wlion this pleasing operation is attempted, tho very reverse is tho practical result A groat collapse is about to take place, or rather has already sot in ; and during the next fow weeks scrip of all kinds will rule very low ; some will bo quite unsaloablo, and may bo had no doubt in somo cases for tho samo number of shillings as pounds were asked for it a few weoks sinco, I don't liko quoting any particular prices of any company, hut lot ine ask you to warn your frionds and the public not to place any reliance on the published sharebookor's lists. In every case, without an exception, I feel confident in assuring you that you can buy for much less, privately ; in some cases at an oiiormouB differ ence.' CoXDITIpNAL PURCHASEllS I'llELEASE l)]'.OI,AT!ATOKY Bili,. — Tno following is tho clause Alt Lucas desires to propose in committeo, if ho should carry his con tingent motion to recommit tho Purchasers l'roloaso Declaratory Bill 3. Upon payment to the Land agent of tho district the rent as provided by the fifth section of tbe 12th clause of tho Crown Lands Occu pation Act any conditional purchaser under tho Crown Lands Alienation Aot shall bo ontitlcd to tako possossion of any unimproved Crown land which may adjoin his conditional purchase to tho extent of threo tiinos tho number of acros as lie may have purchasod and as regards this proleasod land ho shall have all tho rights and privileges enjoyod by tho pastoral tenants of Crown lands and tho pastoral tenant shall cease to havo any right to the lands so prclcasod Provided that such proleasod land shall if practicable bo so takon that ono-third shall be situated at tbe back aud ono- third at oach sido of tho purchasod land by right of which such proloaso is giuntcd and if not practicable thon the pvcleascd land shall bo so taken as to form togethor with the purchased land a block as nearly rectangular as possiblo. If thoro should be two or moro claimants for tho prolcnso of tho samo land tho surveyor who may bo appointed to survey tho purchased land ' by tight of which tho proleaso is granted' shall at tho same timo make a fair division of such disputed land amongst tho respootive claimants and shall also at tho request of any person conecrnod and upon receiving a foo of one pound mark the four corners of the piwlcasod land. ; Anotheii Ghost. — We reg^TtTTtliTTT ?' Gnndagai Times') that tho bunyip which St° live in a pool m tho Murrmnbidgoo, near G„ i ? seems to have quit ed ..is old nuor! i ''''lagai. that a ghost lias como to dwell amongst u' ?m' ns compensation -for iho above loss Wo n ! y vet indicate the spectre's residcncc If if iln»not. as the culvert familiarly termed iSt&V; h''- sidonng of Mount Parnassus, seems one (,fi&|, ' ' '° as we havo huon informed that on Sundav Jl. ' ' last a gentleman resident in onr locality whaT^ riding past this spot was thero confronted bvM°9 supernatural visitant. It rose apparently from „ ' tho culvert, tall, shadowy, ftnd with a livfd nl.T i light playing about it, s/oh as bad fish hinS' placo exhibits. As tho'shapo approached thbslnrS steed reared, and tliu rider's hair stood on end S tho nppaution soeiuod to pass under tho ho »'i disappeared with a faint hollow sound, like a-fliii ? J dying gronn. Wo need not siy tlmt the hnrl ' mhdo all haste tp'qjit tho spot-, but.wo may add T? another pa.ty avers that ho bassoon this spoctfo llf tho samo placo, that It passnd him liko a flash nf n nnd that ho thought his whiskers were sinTd it. SO far this is satisfactory overy pC Lfl / be celebrated for something, and a well authenticated reputation. considerably to ourtowaialg Political Gossip.— As it 'now aeoma settled the Bogan electorate is to havo the privilege of rB. turning two members at tho general election (say Dubbo Dispatch, ) tho nanios may be mention^ nf sovoral candidates for tho sccond soat. Our Dr.'Tibbotts, has expressed his intenln to / 7, soft voices ot the e ectors, and as that gentleman always means what lie says, wo shall donbtless bo soon called upon to give his address to the Dublin Mr ihomas Manning, of Dubbo, will, it is said u nominated and one or two who Always know „ «ca, deal aver that his recent visit to Bourke was 'in soma remote way connected wiMi the coming election. Coal Seams and Keuosene Shales in New Ronm Wales,— At n mooting of tho Koyal Socictv nf Victoria on tho 4th instant, Mr' A. IC Smith read a paper - On tbe quality of Hartley aud Greta shale for the manufacture of gas, together with a description of the new Coal seam at Greta.;' Ho stated that lie lad been recent y engaged in testing some of tho coals M «' v°',' U'tlc.y 'lnd th' Hunter River, , New South Wales, principally to ascertain their valua tor ' luminiferous ? purposes, He h,d fir.-t 8ub,cetcd tho Hartley shale to a series of experiments, moasur. ing its illuminating power with that of a candle and tho average result he obtained was that the Ila'rtlev shale produced marketable gas at th6 rate of 11 'flo cubic foot per toil ; that five cubic feet of the said'e.n gave a light equal to that derived from or afforded bv ololsporm candles, each e .usmning at tho rate of 120 grains por hour ; and that ono foot of raj trave a light equal to that derivod l'rom 123G 21 grains of ??perm ; and, finally, thnt ono ton (22-10 lb,) of Hartley shale produced the sa no amount of light as 1992 lb of sperm candleB, In comparison, tho Bog Head' cannel coal, or Torbane-hill mineral, produced 13 500 feot per ton ; one foot being equal to 84 snerm candles, or 1-020 grains, and one ton enual to 1 9G7.W candles. Tho lecturer proceeded to read a description of tbe now coal soam at Anvil Creak Greta, by Mi- W. Iiceno, F.G.S., oxamincr of coal' fields for tho Now South Walos Government, tbo application of which for steam-producing purposes had boon favoui ably reported upon by tho engineer of tho Ooonanbara ' steamer, whioh vessel steamed «. lreely, and averaged 2141b. steam for ninetcon houn, ' ' tho consumption of fuel being 40 tons, and tha quattity of ashes 80 buckets,' approximating to about 9 per cent. In comparison, theFour-MiloC.oekcoala used in the same vessol averaged 23 lbs stoam for 22$ hours, with a consumption of 51 tons, the quantity of' ashes being 166 buckets, lor about 15 per cent, The paper concluded by some general remarks upon tho economical value of thoso njincrals for gas and steam producing purposes. In the conversation which ensued Mr A, '£. Smith promised to refer to the subject at greater length on a futiire ocoasion, remarking it was a pity .this Hartley shalowas not moro used for gas, as two feet of its gas was equal to five feet of the present gas, which though they were no residual products, wouid enable a vary largo saying. Tho two Melbourne companies wero. in fact, using it at the presont time, and it was his opinion that, in comparison with Sydney and London, MeN bourne was extremely well off for gas. — * Empire,' Fiction and Free Libraries. — In alluding to tho opening of the Free Library, and tho expression ofa hope that| it will not sink into a Sensational Novel Library, tbo * L^chltin. Reporter* gocsontosav: 11 We speak thus f»om our knowledge of tbo moio of supplying tbo librarios of institutions of a similar charactei that figure 'on tho yearly estimatos for £101) a year, more or less oach, that tbo major part of thesa sums arc actually employed in purchasing works of fiction, which in nearly every caso form tho staplo of these ljbrarios. Thore is something remarkablo in Stato aid boing asked for such a purposo, and what is moro astouuding still, is tho fact that it is usually granted as a matter of course as being ono of the good things which a patornal government is bound to supply tho people-1' Tub Rev. Jambs Volleb. — Wo regret to bear tb.it from the inoroasing infirmity of voice, this gontloman has beon compelled to resign the pastorate of tlia first Baptist Church in this city. At tho urgont request of the church aud congregation he will con tinue to officiate as his health may permit, until n successor can bu obtained from England By tho last mall, a minister, holding a high position, waa written to, inviting him to como out to occupy the vacant post, Mr Vollcr, it will bo remembered, undertook a voyago to England in the hopo that ' entire cessation from public speaking wonld restore his vocal powers. But on his return to his ministerial dutios, it was soon found that to continue them - efficiently was impossible. Hence, much to his own disappointment, as well as to tbe regret of his attached people, tho presont 'stop has been taken,— 4 Herald.' CoNTEittrT of Coort. — The following is a copy of the bill introduced into tho Legislative assembly, by MrJ. Stewart, to regulate proceedings against persons charged with Contemi t of Oouit, and the seeond reading of which was lof-t last Tuesday Wbercos it is expedient to limit tho oportftion of law iu c.ises of alleged Contempt of Court. Be it there fore enacted by the Queen's moft excellent Majesty by and with tbe advice and content of the Legislative Council nnd Legislative Assembly of Now South Wah-s in Parliament assembled and by tho authority of tbo samo as follows : — 1, After the passing of this Act it shall not bo lawful for any Judge of any Court B of ltccord to proceed against any porson for Contempt ? of Court except as authorised by statute law unless ? the contempt bo committed toitbin tho Court or by B ah officer of the Court- 2. When any person is summoned to answor a charge of oontomptof Court ho shall at tho samo timo bo informod what statute and which soction of the statute bo is ehnrged with violating. 3- This Act may be oiled us- the ' Contempt of Court Act of 1869.' A Diabolical Outrage.— affile Barwin River cor respondent of the ' Dubbo Dispatch' rolates that soma short distance from Walgett on the Barwin, a few days ago, a dealers cart was stuck up by two men, and robbed. After getting what they required, they set firo to the dray, nnd burnt everything tho unfor tunate man bad The police are hot foot after the dolinquonts, but has yot have got no clue. I hope ana trust the rascals will soon bo caught, and brought to justice, as these tricks aro becoming a little too fashionable hereabouts. Sticking up of the Walcha Mail—The 'Armidale Telegraph' states, some excitement was caused in town on Monday by a report that the Walcha mailman had been stopped on the road by a bushranger and robbed of his mailbags. The report, unfortunately, is too true, and we gather the following particulars of the robbery from an authentic source. The mail carrier, a youth lately employed by the contractor, left Walcha as usual at 9 o'clock on Monday morning for Armidale, but had not proceeded more than ten miles on his journey when he was met by a man on horseback, who ordered him to turn off from the track into the bush. The lad, thus intimidated, obeyed the commands of his interlocutor, and rode with him for some distance off the road The robber then seized the bags and extracted the contents. Several of the letters contained cheques ; those he examined and appropriated. After a brief conversation with the lad, in which he told him that it was his first attempt at bushranging, he rode off, and the mail- carrier gathering up the remnants of the letters pursued his journey into Armidale. Immediately on his arrival here, he reported the circumstance to the police, and five minutes afterwards inspector Brown, accompanied by some of the troopers, was on the road in pursuit. They had not returned up to a late hour last night. The mail carrier describes the bushranger :—About 30 years of age, dark complexion, black hair and wiskers, five feet seven or eight inches in height, and dressed in an old monkey-jacket arid dirty moleskin trousers ; he was riding a well-conditioned chesnut mare with a blanket swag strapped on the saddle, and I leading a second horse. He presented no firearms, nor did the boy see any with him. 