TOAYN AND iFOEEST. : TRANQUIL YALE. Far in the windings of n vale _ Fast by a sheltering wood. The safe retreat of health and peace A rural mansion stood. : .t ;£ Ellen, meanwhile, was viewing with delight the gay tokens of advancing autumn in Kent, where the trees, , though shedding stray leaves,- were yet well clothed, and the weather was delightful. She and the children took so. much exercise;- morning and afternoon, that they vetuvned'in a glow, and did not dream of being cold; Late in tho evening, however, when the glow had passed off, and the houisc was 'shut up', Ellen was 'not very sorry.. to have a' bright little wood fire. Sometimes in; her walks, while the young ones were busy gathering nuts ' or bla!ckberrios; she, Btrayed slowly' along, thinking of the picturesquo ; lives of tiio three men in Ejfijiitfg Forest; ;'6r ol . charmihg Guli' Springett and Thomak/Ellwpbdi who might never, she suspccUd. liave'joinecl tfi6' 'Quakers/ but, for .hei/'fa.scinatiohs'iT thought, supposing the cause to be a righteous one, how far may a woman's influence be inno. cently exerted 1 and, again, how was Ellwood's disrespectful conduct towards his father to be re garded ? Was it resolution or was it obstinacy ! Resolution in a good cause is obstinacy in a bad one. She was now deep in the earlier part of Southey's Life of JohnjWcslcy ; and was reading with profound interest, the account of that comi cal ghost called by them Geoffrey, who disturb ed the Wesley family so much by her unaccoun table noises. Unaccounted for, rather than un accountable ; she believed the whole affair to have been got up by some mischievous person or persons, probably in league with one of the servants, who played upon the credulity of the simple-hearted family. She closed the book and went to bed, It kept her up rather later than usual ; and Mrs, Quain and Kitty were not sorry to hear iter go up stairs. She went to bed and to sleep, without dreaming of ghosts ; and after some hours, apparently of rest, was awoke by what seemed the low grumble of voices in the next room. She listened. aud then heard some thing dragged heavily along the floor. Now, the next room was Mr. Meeke's ; and under Mr. Meekc's bed, was his plate chest, which it .would seem was being slowly, dragged out. Ellen hastily arose, slipped on , her dress, sejzed an umbrella, and cautiously opened tlie door between the two rooms. She had covered her night light, so that - she #tood unnoticed in the dark. On a table near Air. Meeke's bedroom window, .which was wide open, Btood a dark lantern ; by, the rays of which, . a man inside the window, was raising the- plate chest to. tho window-ledge, where, another man, standing outside on a ladder, , was waiting, to ye- ccive it. The lantern light fell full on the inan ; outside, so that Ellen, looking fixedly at him, was certain she should know him . anywhere < again, The other had his back to hqry and , his face, was in the shade. .;/ Now then, Pharaoh, King of -Egypt,' .mut tered he, ' hcave.it up.and be oft; and, Pll step back for tho- lantern.' ' < 1 i.i-uL , ' Hold hard,' I havnlt gotiit/ said; the other, . and at the same instant, "his ! eyc: fell 6n, ;EUen.' She instantly saw she was disco, vcred; and, with out givirig-him time to profit by it,;; she '.darted forward and gave the man who was just prepar- ing to pass his leg over the window, sill - such a well directed poke in the back with her umbrella," that lie instantly pitched out head over Ihoels, -giving her a frightful'look-of 'rage and:'torror, ; which she thought would stick 'by her -for. life. An awful crash on1 the ground1 bciicath was:ncxt heard, and terrified as she was ' ut the' results of 'her owii. work,' she thought' 'there' was'iio/isc in- doing things by halves,' 'and,1'- therefore;-' taking !ho!d of the' ladder sent it iiftbr thorn.. ' Tlien slid - looked out and1 dimly 3 made Out a"darlc mass .below ; but'' a stone' flung "'at her by'/a vengeful hand so nearly hit her in'tlie eye that she hastily ' retreated 'atid, running biit 'td tlie landing 'placcj; seized thc'strong ' crimson cord of the " dinner '.bell Rnd h'egan: ringing a'continuous pcal:a .'This bell whidli swung beneath a little pent house on ;tlie roof was exceiiciit1 for alarming, a neighbour hood at midnight, .though' hitherto' best kfiown: by 'ilie somewhat contemptuous, title; of tlic1 Squire's' mutton, chop, holh .riowever, it was jClear, that the Squird'cquld nbt ! be/ ringing';J for mutton chops at that time of niglitV even had lief been' at homo ; thorefprq, many a clownish head was unwillingly raised from its pilioii/ to con sider what, /Ad/ iAefe bell might .mean; and a .fpwxio.wHish bodies - prpeeedecl, ,fuithermpre to dross and turn outi into the darkness, .to. nscer-' .tain the nature of the alarm., .... \- Meanwhile, the, children jliad sprung, in .tqrror," from .their beds, :and , werq, .clustering . round Ellen, crying nnd sobbing, -.while Mrs. (Juain .and Kitty, one as. whito as,ashes, the other as. red asr a peony; were flying to . the rescue. ... ; ... Mrs. Quain . on learning the, nature , of ,the alarm, cried, 'Oh, the wretches, ! ': and; flew jto- the open window. . Downjbelow, lay/the . ladder: and the, chest. ; but tho rogues were off; . Scared,- no doubt, by, the bell, they had. limped, away to gether. , ,> : ' A great confusion of tongues ensued,: Ellen was excited, the children wero., exeite'd, ..Mrs. Quain andNKitty were excited. Ellen rapidly told her Btory, and then went on- ringing; .while1 Mrs. Quain and Kitty peered into one room itfter another, declaring they nvere.afraid to go down stairs.- All this while, it should be>men- tioned, Neptune was barking tremendously and had done so all along ; -but lie so continually harked at a rat, or what people - called a rat be" cause they did not know what else lie could be barking at, that, like Cassandra, his warnings' were in vain. All at once a: great knocking was heard at the front. door. Mrs. Quain: immedi ately began to tremble like a leaf : Kitty flew at the bell and was going to ring it frantically/ when Ellen .stopped' her -and ; said/ ''-Ilmay bo "somebody come tor help lis. We'muSt' hoar- what they.1 have to' sity.' . i;) | " To tho window proceeded the' whole 'posse comitatis ; and Ellen boldly cried out — ' Who's there 1 ' ' Who's there 1 Why farmer Brett and his son Dick,' cried a rough voice. 'We wants to know what in the world you mean by ringing us up out of our warm beds. Why, I Bhould think they must ha' heard ye at Tunbridge Wells 1 ' Tho house has been broken into,' responded Ellen; 'and Mr. Meeke's platc-chost hat been carried off by the robbers.' ' 0, that's a- different thing !' said the farmer very seriously. ' Hallo ! I've a near broke my- shins over a big box down hero under the win dow.' ' Yes, that's it., I frightened them away.be fore they could carry it off. Please bring it in : we'll come down and open the door.' 'Hum! You're a girl with your wits about you,' muttered the farmer. 'Give us -a hand, Dick.' ' Here's a ladder, lather,' says Dick, tripping over it, and taking a flying leap to escape fall ing. As soon as Mrs. Quain, closely followed by all the others, had opened the- house door,. the two men brought in the heavy chest, and sot it down with no small triumph.: Next they brought in tho ladder, which they examined : curiously, thinking it might be a clue to jthe. thieves. ' Hey ! Why its our'n ! ' exclaimed Dick, with surprise and disgust. Here's the third: rung I broke yesterday, and spliced with a piece, of cord. ' You mind-it, father 1' 'Surely,' replied farmer. Brett. 'Well, to he. : sure," one does come from home, to leam.news ! We shall carry back more than wo brought out, .Iistippose, miss, you didn't .see enough of. .either of 'cm to know 'cm again!': i ; ; '! : '-O.lYes, I did;' said Ellen,- quickl„,< ,'The .'inon thatffell out of tho window, had; great glar ing .eyes, and! had lost a front:tooth; tho other, who was standing on tho ladder, had along, nar- .row, yellow, gipsy . looking . face; very , bright black eyes, :,and ;Coai, black, liair. .The other called him King Pharaoh,' 'Well,' it sebms.to mo, a'detcbtivblnay spell ' some'tliing ' out' 'of .thai/, said farmer Brett, '''licrc como. some1 more to sec what the noise is about.' ' " " ' ' ' . ' ' ; ' '/ Haifa dozen .labdurinir'nich came up to the house; and. having been told wliat had happened, .undertook to look the ground' /about the house woii over ih search of the thieves. Farmer. Brett shook Bis head .when they, were gone, and said the men had' lia'tl plenty of time to clear 6ft, un less,'- indeed, .'they!' would be too much hurt. Ellen had a queer feeling; now and then, when slip thought .she might have disabled a couple of strong men ; however, it was in, 'self dbfciice and defence, of the property ; they ; were committing a.'gri'cypus' crime, and must' abidP'by the. consc. .qu'ences ; shd had not cooled ujon.it yet;!. Far mer 'Brett consented that 'Dick' should 'sit up in tlie kitchen 'to' guard; the houso ; anu the' cliiltl- ren'.and servants being somciVliat reassured , by ' this' arrangement, returned to bed and tverc soon 'asleep. Ellen lay down but could nPt sleep ; as soon as it was light, she rose and dressed and wrote a telegraphic message to Mr! Meeke at his counting' house, which' sho gavo Dick to take to the railway 'station. It rait -thus: 'House at tacked. Nothing lost. All well./ As she ex pected, this brought down Mr.'Mccko by' the hext train.i ;ile had riot forwarded1 the un pleasant news to'his wife, who ' could1 not leave tho invalid children; hut brought down a detec tive oflicer instead; who went over the ground, itracPd- the' footsteps to a certain distanco; heard -Ellen's' statement; and Bcemed to think.it a very jroiriisingicase. They all 'throe proceeded to Miv Curlew, the nearest magistrato, who heard 'the matter attentively, and desired thepflicer to take what 'steps ho thought expedient/and re. -port progress' to him 'the- next day at 'the Town Hall.' Mr. Mecko, being a busy man, then re. 1 turned to town, leaving Ellon to walk home by herself. - She felt it a very uncomfortaklo busi ness, and. heartily wished they wero all safo home again. The pleasure of country life was gone. ' The ehildren, too, were unsettled; and though their father had allayed their fears for the time, yet; when: darkness and bedtime returned, so did tlicir alarms ; which Ellen could only- quiet by promising to sit up stairs. ' As tlie cvonirig was chilly, sho let Mrs. Quain light a fire in lier bedroom, and she sat bosideit and wrote a long account of what had happened to Johrii ' The next morning, just ap she was preparing to take the children for a walk, a man catfae -to summon her to the Town Hall, saying, a prisoner had been taken, arid they wanted her to identify hitri. ' So?shc was obliged to leave her charges to the' care of Mrs. Quain, and repair to the Town Hall unwillingly enough. On the previous evening, in a large unfinished room in'Hopkin's Ville, Mr. Bolter might have been' seen,; ainid bare walls, boarded floor, and raftered cooling, surrounded- by a very ragged regiment of scholars, who seemed to make up in earnestness for deficiencies in- cleanliness and politeness. A couple of tallow candles, in tin sconces fixed to the wall, afforded them all the light they had ; but, though their aids to the pursuit of knowledge were of the humblest and scantiest description, they seemed quite to satis fy the requirements of the learners. Suddenly, Mr. Bolter observed a person quietly enter the room and approach the class, himself unseen by any of those who formed it. There was some, thing professional iu" his air which made Mr. Bolter at once detect him for what, he was j, but .as his object appeared simply to. observe what .was going forward, and see that all was .right, he did not thing it necessary to interrupt the pro- , cccdings. . . , , 'Now then, Pharaoh/ said lie.. . ' t , , . ' Ay, just so; Pharaoh is tlic.very.man I want,' said the stranger, in a quiet voice, which, how . ever, made everybody start ; Pharaoh perhaps the least of any, though his face expressed simple surprise. , . \- i ' What do you < want ot mo?.' said lie calmly. ' STour'c a police?' ; That's -just, it/ said the man. .-' Gome out of ' this, will you ? You and I must take" a little walk together.' J ' What for?' cried Mr. Bolter. 'Because this young gentleman, sir", brokeln- to a house last night, and carried off .the , plate- ! box;' ' ?'' T didn't' !;' cried Pharaoh, kindling;. dike a : 'cdali : ' I 'How could he ?' cried Mr. Bolter..' 'He was here taking a reading lesson of me.' j ' ' Not at two o'clock in the morning, sir, I sup- pose?' ' ' ' .. ! , \ i ' 'No, ' certainly ; but yet— I feel confident there's some mistake/ ' ' O; no,' sir; none at all. The young lady had ' a full view of liirn, and described him 'exactly, 'and she heard his companion call him Pharaoh;' 'Why, there are. dozens of Pharaoh's !' ex claimed the gipsy, indignantly. ' My grand mother has a hundred grand children ! ' ' Ay, justso, or a hundred and twenty, I think . she said/ answered the policeman, composedly. . : 'She told mo all about it just now in Epping Forest, and told me you were here ; .else how . -should I have found you ? ' ; , Pharaoh and Mr. Bolter looked equally at their wit's end. ' Where did the robbery take place ? ' said Mr. : - Bolter. t Down at Panghurst, in Kent.' . 'Why, he never could have got. there after , being with me till ten o'clock , . 'What, not by third-class! Oh, oh j ', 'Boys!, do you believe I did it?' suddenly cried Pharaoh to the rest. 'Not you! No, no ! Come! let's have a shy at the policeman ! ' A proposal .which would certainly have been seconded, but for a diversion occasioned by a great waiting and clamouring at thedoor. The nextinstant it admitted Pharaoh's father, mother, sister, sister's husband, and younger brother, all in a high state of excite ment. ' Ay, here's the whole tribe of 'cm,' said the. policeman, coolly ; " they have not been long in following me up. It don't signify, sir. This young man must go : I am authorised to take him in charge.' ' Where. shall you take him ? ; said Mr. Bolter. ' To the. lock-up house to- night, and down to Kent by an early train to-morrow.' j.' Hereupon, ensued a volley of execrations, , vituperations, yells, screeches, and other objur- , gatory attacks, that nothing but the immovable composure of an English policeman would have , faced. He, unsupported and alone, found him- . ;self quite equal to the occasion ; and the women, . snatching at the chance of assistance from ano- : ther quarter, then besot Mr. Bolter, asking him, . v really in. pathetic. terms, was he going tolctthat . ; precious boy, that good, simple, trusty fellow, »' that would not hurt a fly, that loved the very dust v.-- beneath his feet, and minded him just as much .-. .behind his back as before his face,. was. lie going, t' ; O; give up this poor young fellow to that limb of \- the law ! Then Pharaoh burst forth, ' 0, my \- teacher.! my teacher ! Don't believe anything \- : .again mo ! . I never done wrong! You knows what I mean— I never done anything in this line r. all my born days, and mother knows it !. Don't .give me up ! Don't lose sight of me ! ' r They hung about him and clung to his knees. 'Rely on it, I will not, my poor fellow/ said Mr..Boltcr. 'I won't give you up, nor lose sight of y.ou.' |0, you blessed, .blessed man ! O, the dear . angel of a gentleman ! I kiiow'd it was in him ! ' .' &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, with looks that might have pierced , the. imperturbable policeman to the backbone. ' Yes, my friends, I promise you I will look after this case. Be content therefore, with my engaging to do the best I can for you. Go quietly to your home; and you, Pharaoh, go quietly along with the policeman.' 'I will, sir,' with a deep sigh. ' And 1 will go down with you to-morrow in the very same train.' Zobcl. Pharaoh's; mother, burst into tears . '0, bless you, blcs3 you,' cried the others. Pharaoh's hearo.was full, lie could'not speak. ;'/ ' Now, then,' said the policeman, quietly. ' Yes. now. then,' , said Mr. Bolter, taking up his hat, and extinguishing the candles. ' We'll all go with you to the station. Come, friends, come, boys. We will go along quite quietly.' . (To he continued.) ' 