THE WEEK'S NEWS. \------------------------ . . JMEODMMHG NoneE3.-To thegeneral public impounding notices axe dryreading, but they are of great interesttorasidente inthe ^imfcry, wh0 through them often getnewBof theirstraycattle. ,;It is on thisaccount that -we wpnblishiromthe Govemmeiit organ minute details pf brands and colours, And in order to do this as cstly as possible weliavebeen .in,the .habit of obtainmglfrom our official contemporary earlyproofs of thenptices. Unfortunately,- oa & recent occasion ttaeBe early proofs contained a mistake the correction of which was not subsequently forwarded to us, consisting -in the substitution of "Wallaroo Biiyfor Melrose, and we now learn from the Wallaroo Times that the mistake occasioned the owner of the horse described great expense and trouble. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN VABNISH.-The Bevi T. J. Smyth, in aJetter on another subject, thus writes to the Kapunda Herald:-"The resources ef this colony are not half utilized- Look, for instance, at the thousands of pounds annually paid in Australia for varnish, while the raw material is at our very doors in abundance-I mean cum and colonial brandy, the two principal ingredients used in making varnish, ft Is true it would not make the best varnish, but it would inakea varnish that would be used to a large extent both at home and elsewhere.' THK GDASSBIIOWBES.-There was a very fair attendance at the Town Hall on Wednesday evening atMons, Paytoii'e glassblowing entertain ment. As usual a number of articles, specimens of his handiwork, were distributed amongBt the audience at the close. THEATBE ROYAL.-Adelaide has had Hibernian manias in her time, but they seem to be difficult to revive. Mr. Mansergh continues to play under the disadvantage of public apathy, but if he has many characters in his repertoire like Pat Booney he will work his way yet to success. On Wednes day the attendance was small, but the programme will bear repetition to a better audience. It com menced with the " Irish Emigrant,which, taken altogether, has never been better produ:ed in this quarter. The fun of the evening, however, was concentrated in the farce-the old Nathan favourite of "Eooney's Tricks." As Pat, Mr- Mansergh represented an Id hman of the Handy Andy type with great stnl) Pat s generosity in forgiving bis master after dnving lum frantic with his blunders was a practical bull, which formed the Key-note of the character, oT the many diverse peculiarities portrayed, some, were warm-hearted, some were wrong-headed,_ and others were pleasantly absurd, but all were Irish, Pat used his master's house as l"5,own. He treated his master as if he were a child to be taken care of. He was a tender guardian to Julia, his master's child. Mn^fr lorn Dodds discovered that he was a verit able _ griffin. Mr. Dodds, senior, expressed bis opinion of him as being an impertinent rascal. Mrs. Dodds would have extinguished him with her .frowns, but utterly foiled. After bringing every body into a scrape, Pat gave them his cordial pity to help them out, and. it always assumed the encouraging form of a guffaw. To the last he remained cool and self-possessed, and when Pat's master fled from the field discomfited Pat still thought it his duty to take care of him. There s much more mental force in a character like this than in Barney the Baron, and Mr. Mflnsprph very intelligently adapted his style to it. lie did not repeat the mistake of over loading it with physical action. His pan tomime was more natural and easy than in Barney the Baron, and he allowed the character to speak more for itself. Had he done otherwise lie might have compared badly with Mr. Hill, whose Master Tom Dodds was the cream of that true humour at which the oldest and the youngest can laugh together. The overgrown pampered boy, with his hoop and his visions of comfortable matrimony, was just exaggerated enough to make the type recognisable. Mr. Musgrave's Mr. Ledger and Mr. Martin's Clodhopper were both SMt FFCNCRIS* Every theatre-goer knows how they can do such rolest and if there has been any altera tion lately^it has been toward improvement. THE FAB KOETH.-A gentleman writing from the neighbourhood of Moolooloo on July 5 says: -"The weather has been very warm during the day, and the nights bitterly cold and frosty. This afternoon several peals of thunder warned us of an approaching change, and a light shower of rain fell towards evening. It is wanted very badly." FONERAL OP ME ISAAC TETLEY.-The funeral of the late Mr. Isaa Tetley took place on Wednes day afternoon, July 14. at the West - terrace Cemetery. In addition to the members of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers and a goodly number of his fellow-workmen, there were numerous other friends, amongst whom were Messrs, P. Santo, MP., J. EL Clark (Locomotive Superintendent), and J.C. Verco, who testified their respect by following his remains to their last resting-place. Mr. Gore, M.A., officiated at the grave, and improved the occasion by giving a very feeling address to these assembled. Mr. Tetley had been employed in the Locomotive Department for not less than 10 years, during which time lie had won the respect and esteem of those with whom he had to do. llEPOiiTED DISCOVEBY OF COAL.-OUT Chinkford correspondent says:-"Some little excitement has been caused through indications of coal "having been found in this locality by persons engaged in quarrying stone for railway purposes. One of our enterprising neighbours took some to town, and I hear the indications are pronounced good by com petent judges. There is some talk of getting a company up to test the ground by boring or sinking. If there is any reason to anticipate favuuinb'e results no steps should be wanting on t'.e part of the locality interested to turn it to account;/or if coai tlwuld be found in sufficient quantities a fine opportunity will exist for smelling the iron that exists heieabouts in nearly a pure state." THE YELTA MISE.-Captain Anthony's report from this mine, dated July 12, states that the lode in the 15-fathcm level, north of "office," was four feet wide, containing gieen ore throughout, with a solid branch 111 the centre, from which stones of 40 or 50 lbs. weight had been taken that day. The appearances here could not be too highly esti mated. Green 01 e had been driven through twice durinit the ia&t; six fathoms driving, besides what was taken out 011 the 9tb, which was the best yet seen there. A telegram, received on Wednesday, was as follows" tireen ore continuing, with rich sulphuiet-"' THE CBOPS AX INMAN VALLEY.-Our local cor respondent says: - "We are enjoying most delightful weather. The face of nature is much improving under its beneficial influence, there being a prospect of an abundance for both man and beast. Our farming friendB are now busy completing their seeding operations, and I believe their hopes are very much in the ascendant; such a season as the present, so far, not having been experienced for eight years." CHARGES AGAINST CLERGYMEN.-We under stand that a series of charges against the Revs. L. W. Stanton and R. B. Webb, Church of England clergymen, have been in the hands of the Bishop for several days. SERIOUS ACCIDENT AT NAIRNE. — A serious accident occurred on July 13, at Byethorne, just at the entrance into the township of Nairne, whereby several persons were more or less injured. It appears that Mr. and Mrs. Fleet, and Mr. and Miss Chapman, all of Littlehampton, were pro- ceeding in a cart towards Nairne, when in the cutting near Mr. Bee's late residence, the horse became unmanageable, capsizing the cart and its unfortunate occupants. Assistance being promptly afforded the sufferers were taken into a neigh- boring house, where they were speedily attended to by Dr. Weld, of Nairne, and Dr. Robertson, of Mount Barker, the latter gentleman being fortu- nately in the neighbourhood at the time. Mrs. Fleet was found to be seriously injured. In addition to a fracture of the arm, she has re- ceived severe wounds about the head and breast, the latter caused, it is said, by a glass bottle which was in the cart. Mr. Chapman has sustained a fracture of the leg besides other injuries, and it is an unfortunate ciicumstance that he was only just recovering from a similar accident to the same leg. Mr. Fleet and Miss Chapman are also very severely injured and shaken. THE INTERCOLONIAL COMMERCIAL COXFEREXCF. -At a meeting of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce the following resolutions have been unanimously agreed to: -"That this meeting, having considered the report of the recent Con ference of commercial delegates in Sydney, and the"resolutions anived at by them on the subjects of a Customs Union, reduction of telegraphic charges, and the introduction of the system of selling grain and flour per cental of 100 lbs" adopts that report, and rccords its approval of those resolutions, as also of the action of the delegates who represented this Chamber at the Conference." " That the Committee of the Chamber be requested to take the necessary steps for giving practical effect to the resolution of the late Conference in reference to the introduction of the cental system of selling grain and flour, by obtaining, if possible, the concurrence and co-operation of the millers, factors, and others engaged in the corn trade; and that it be a recommen dation to them that the new system should dime into operation on and from the 1st January next. Aiso, that the Chambers of Commerce in tha neighbouring colonies be invited to adopt similar measures, with a view to a simultaneous commencement in the various colonies." In respect to telegraphic rates, the Chairman said tbe Chamber would observe that one of the resolutions agreed to at the Conference 1 was as follows:-"That in the opinion of this Con ference a considerable reduction of the chaige fpr 1 telegraphic messages between the colonies would [ greatly facilitate the operations of business, extend trade, and lead to an increase of that branch of the public revenue." He might state that the Mel bourne Chamber had already communicated with the Government on the subject. South Aus tralia a reduction in the charges had already taken place. ^ An experiment, in fact, had been made, and the Committee had been advised by the Government here that, as far as the present year was concerned, they could not make any change Thev were, however; going to watch the progress of the experiment in South Australia, and. if it preyed they WOULD BLOBably follow it Wither*. - ' I FEABL FISHERIES.-The schooner 7Freebridge ^ lias brought' about six tons of ehtlis from the Western Australian Pearl Fi&eries;, reported to toe ?worth nearly £35perion. 1~-* ' GiiiB3 PEN.-Jfons. Payton baslniidly ;sent us a glass pen ofhii own manufacture. It Js not onlyzieat and Kand6ome,1>ut it, possesses; every | j requisite jo[-. i Citable. goo^ljill.; accompanying it, vhidi waswntien with the pen iteelf, woulddo creditto a pnzs pupiL j SOUTH AnsiiutiAir DIAMONDS.-Mr. Heuzen roeder, of .Bundl&^tneet, brought td~onr ciHiceon Tuesday p\p° fine loagh diamonds, weighing 1} carats M, 1 carat,, both of which were found at Echongasome time since. They are octahedron cryBtals.and the largest shows 48facetas. He in-;, forms TIB that many have been sent to England, and urges more care among the diggers in examin ing their washing stuff. as it is known thkt diamonds " are usually found among gold. SUGAR PJ^OTATIOS.-In consequence of an anonymous advertisementaddressed to gentlemen interested In: the settlementof the Sorthera Terri tory, and inviting .them .'to' attend a meeting to consider .the propriety of establishing a Company for the growth and manufacture of sugar there, nine persons, assembled-at White's Arbitration Room on Tuesday, July 13. Moos. De Kock stated that he had called the meeting, and briefly ex plained his scheme, the heads of which we pub lished in Saturday's JSegisier. Two of those present expressed their opinion that if M. De Kock's prospectus was correct a sugar plantation would be a good investment; and the general view was that the .meeting was premature, that more information in reference to the plan should have been made public, and that is would be well for M. De Kock to endeavour to obtain.a larger assemblage, and show credentials as to his ability to carry out that which be stated he could. WHEAL COGUN MIKING COMPANY.-A special general meeting of the shareholders of this Company was held at the office, Kegister Chambers, on Tuesday afternoon, July 13. There were present, or represented by proxy, 13 share holders, holding 2,612 shares. . The resolution passed at the late meeting, rejecting Mr. Coglin's proposal, was reaffirmed, and the Directors were requested to co.nvene an extraordinary general meeting for the purpose of winding up the Company voluntarily. HOHCEOPATHIO DISPEKSAKY. - The second annual report of this institution has been published, and from it we learn that 331 patients have been attended to-51 in their own homes, the remainder at the Dispensary, King William- street. The report adds:-"it is gratifying to the Com i mittee to find that -although little or no effort has during the year been made to sustain it, the interest entertained by a large circle of supporters has not declined, and that its efficiency has not been impaired. On behalf of the subscribers, the Committee tender to Urs. Wheeler and Campbell their sincere thanks for their assiduous attention and disinterested labours." An appendix gives a classified summary of t he results of treatments of the patients during 386S 9, the year ending with May 14; aleo a detailed return of the cases treated. The totals are presented thus-Cured, 224; much improved, 22; improved, 25; no report, 41J died, 5; under treatment, 34-351. The balance-sheet shows that the funds in hand at the beginning of the year and the receipts since have been £7219s. 3d. The expenditure was £56 19s. 6d. LAND SALE.-Mr. Close held a land sale on July 12 of several allotments at Stratbalbyn, the pro- : petty of Mr. E. Hooper, near the line of tramway. There was a good attendance. The land was offered without reserve. Every allotment was sold, the total proceeds being something like £335. FIRE AT SALISBURY.-A fire occurred on the night or July 12 on the premises of Mr. Nash, of Salisbury Brewery, by which a large portion of the malthouse and a quantity of malt were destroyed. The fire evidently arose in the maltkiln, and when discovered had got hold of the roof, part of which was thatch. Fortunately the night was very calm, and the lurid glare of the flames, coupled with the ominous cry of " Fire,'' having brought some hun dreds of men to Mr. Nash's assistance, the fire was kept from extending its ravages to the main por tion of the brewery; and by the timely removal of a portion of the root a separation from the rest of the premises was effected. The damage was thus confined within much narrower limits than at first seemed possible, and the loss does not exceed £150 or £209. It is understood that Mr. Nash was in sured some time ago, but had lately allowed his policy to lapse. METERS V. SOLOMON.-The case of Meyers v. Solomon, which has excited a considerable amount of interest during the last few days, was an action for trespass and malicious prosecution, the plaintiff being formeily an assistant, and the defendant a partner of the firm of tolomon Cousins, carrying on business at the Nimble Ninepence. The plaintiff, hearing there were some suspicions entertained against him, threw up his situation on the night of Saturday, April 24, some warm language being used at the time in reference to certain entries, of which his employers demanded an explanation. On the same night the defendant, Mr. M. J. Solomon, obtained a search-warrant, which was executed on the following Sunday morning, the defendant having, it appears, on the .-aturday entered into tUe bonds of matrimony. It was alleged on behalf of the plaintiff that the action of the defendant was the result of malice, which he eugjjrsted was occasioned because he, being a Jew, chose to marry a young lady not a member of that community. The defendant dis claimed that or any ether malicious motive, and a number of witnesses were examined on either 6ide After a lengthened investigition the Jury found a verdict with j£35l» damages for the plaintiff; who, on getting outside, the Oourt, was greeted with cheering in secognition of his success. ASSAULT AT PALMER.-On Tuesday, July 13, a man named Malcolm Chambers was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital, guttering from injuries re ceived at Palmer on Wednesday, July 7. His statement is as follows:-Was working at the Reedy Creek Mine, and got a wages cheque for £13 9s. 9d. Went to the Miners' Arms. Palmer, to get it changed, but the landlord, Mr. Ledgard. was not able to accommodate him. Then crossed to Mr. Ey's. Palmer Hotel, opposite, and succeeded in getting part of the value of his cheque, taking several glasses of drink at each house. After this he returned to the Miners' Arms, when Mr. Lied- ; srard was cross with him for going to Mr. Ey's. Again visited the Palmer Hotel to sleep, and being drunk, was locked in a bedroom by Mr. Ey. During the night he found it necessary to go out, and, the door being fastened, obtained egress by the window. Was not ab'e to Ret back, andso went over to Ledgard's, where a party was being held, to obtain lodgings. Air. Ledgard came out and struck him on the head. Chambers, in return, smashed a window. Ledgard's son-in-law, Edward Philn, then took hold of him by the waist, and dropped him on his feet into a dry tank, about 9 feet 4 inches de*p. He was then helped out by Messrs. Joseph Kit to and Otto Bird, and taken into the Miuers' Arms, and afterwards to the Palmer Hotel, wheie he stayed until taken to the HospitaL EECHABITISM.-A Tent was opened in connec tion with the South Australian District of Kecha bitesir-the South-East on June 26 by the officers oE the Morning Star Tent, Mount Oambier P.C.ft. Cock, Shelton, Bichardson. and Secretary Holloway. The Secretary reports that they antici pate having a flourishing Tent, and that great praise is due to the officers and members of the Morning Star Tent, especially P.C.K. Cock. Eleven candidates were initiated, and they expect to have at least 20 in a short time. IKQDEST.-On Tuesday afternoon, July 13. Dr. Clark, J.P., held an inquest at the Hamburg Hotel, on the body of an iufant, named Emily Susan Eacott, who had been found dead the same morning in bed. Mr. F. Armbraster was chosen Foreman of a Jury of 13. Hannah Eacott, the mother of deceased, deposed that she went to bed about 11 o'clock on the previous evening, and sackled the child. Covered herself and the child, and vrent to sleep with it on her arm. Was woke up shortly before 4 o'clock by the elder child, who was sleeping in another room, calling to her for some lotion for his leg, which had been injured by being run over. Was going to put the baby from her arm, in order to attend to the other child, and found that it was cold. Woke her husband, and said to him, " The baby is dead." They then tried her breath ing. and her husband went for Dr. Clark, who nnmp immediately, finding the child dead. Vm. Eacott, labourer, father of deceased, merely corro borated his wife's evidence. Hannah Eacott re called stated that she put the deceased child to bed in a colonred flannel dress, also binding its waist up with a roll of flannel, as it was very sus ceptible to cold. The Coroner iu summing up remaiked that the evidence was clear and con clusive that the deceased had been covered up by its mother, without having air enough for breath ' ing purposes. It was a most dangerous practice, and one mat should be guarded against, for mothers to cover their batries np so that they were not able to get a sufficient supply of pure and fresh air. which was almost as necessary as food to them. But he thought that no blame beyond ignorance of the necessity of pure air for her child was attri butable to the mother. It was his opinion that deceased had been suffocated by the bedclothes being drawn over it. On being called he found the child with fingers and thumb pressed into one palm of the hand, but did not think that it was caused by anything but a slight convulsion, pro duced by congestion of the lungs and brain, the result of suffocation. The Jury returned a verdict 41 That the deceased was accidentally suffocated to themother having covered it over with the bed clothes," CITY PROPERTY.-Messrs. Solomon & Salom sold at their Mart on Friday the property at the rear of the Congregational Church, Hindmarsli square, known as Blum & Obermeir's, for £1,380. RAILWAY TRAFFIC.-The traffic on the South Australian Railways for the week ended Satur day, July 10, was:-Port Line - Passengers, 4,957; fares, £210 3B. 10d.; goods, £12117s. ?d.; North Line-Passengers. 2,025; faree, 18s. £d.; good®, £73? J|S? Total, £1,491176. . iflOBTlMy npasts^tl appointed toenquire into and reportnpon railway *>«*CTginTl fcnVi»4/>Hii mthftmamtn Mrarfaifti ^fc» moet economical ;in(^e»[c(msfcractloa«tHaarteiit with safeiyandstabiltty.are drawing neara con elusion.. Tfaeportion qf|be report alreadyagreed o is littLe more tMn d^ar^iy. In the first instaii6e itrefera'tb what has beea accbmpItBhed in other Axrantrie v under conditions similar to those of Victoria, andpoints out the fact that the consbuction^orpiur existing railways, after the ^KngliRh' pattern--admittedly Jfhe most stibsteliBt aad«ostly lh the world-for £33,930 per mile was. in facVamistake^ seeing tliat the reasons forsuch expense do not exist in Victoria, i: few figmes show\the very disproportionate results arrived at in differentcoiin tries. For instance, "Knglanil h«i 9,251 imles~of railway, at£i0.000 "per mile: Scotland, 3,3001,,?ta £2J,0Q0; Ireland.1,838, at JE14.030; France, 9.014, at £35,000; Belgium, 13i7. at jei^OOO; Canada, 2,529, at £12,600; India, 3,332, tit £18,080; and the 'United States, 35.93% at sfiS.OOO;' and' so on. St was after this na'ttnal ^for the" Committee to turn to the . opinions jof jthe various; authorities on the subject, and this complete .report will pro bably cite a nttmber^of these infavour of cheap railways, and then express a decided, opinion in favour oi a system of1 railway construction that shall provide the greatest number of theinhabi tants with'sufficient .accommodation at moderate speed and fares-1.&, those with the least costly permanent way and rolling-stock. It is likewise to be expected that judicious economy in the inatter of fencing; gates, Roods sheds, and stations will be strongly urged. What figure per mile the Com mittee will suggest as the moist reasonable has yet to appear; but, judging from the opinions ex pressed outside, it will probably* be £6,000 per mile. APPARENTLY A BUNGLE.-We leam that a large number of iron sciew piles have been forwarded to Port MacDonnell for use in constructing bridges in required situations at the Drainage Works. We presume that because, this form of pile been, recommended for positions where a good founda tion could not otherwise be obtained, it has been thought necessary to send tbem to Mount Muir licad Flat, under the impression that they were tile only kind suitable for the'work. If we are not misinformed these piles are entirely unnecessary, and will prove a costly mistake. The subsoil generally in the locality where they are to be used is clay, affording the best possible kind of founda tion, and an ordinary gum . pile, perhaps costing, delivered on the spot, £3, would have done equally - well with these screw piles, which will cost not far short of ten times as much.-Mount Ganibier Standard. ? ???* KENT TOWN JUBILEE BAND OP HOPE.-The above Society held a soiree in the transept of Kent Town Jubilee Church on Monday evening, July 12, when there was a large attendance, and the Bev. T. Lloyd presided. Excellent recitationB were admirably delivered, and well-rendered music was also given. "The Beggar Girl," sung by Mrs. Smart, was encored. Two or three lady amateurs performed on the piano, and an able address was delivered by the Bev. K. S. Casely and the President, Mr. T. Rhodes. Recitations were rendered by Messrs. T. Burgan, J. McEwin, A. W. Dobbie, A. Odgers, and G. Trevellion; and a colloquy, the " Temperance Lifeboat Crew," was produced in original manner by Messrs. Scott, F. Hales, W. Barlow, J. Richards, G. Barlow, A. Powell, W. Whitridge, E. Patfull, and J. Hales. The music included " The Canary Bird Quadrilles," by Mademoiselle Lindstroinand Miss Jones; song and chorus, ijy Mrs. Smart, Messrs. Falstead, Ingram, and Smart; duet, "The Convene Balls," by Mesdames Croft and Odgers; and several pieces were encored. The programme, a very long one, lasted about three hours, and the meeting closed shortly after 10 with the National Anthem. VICTORIAN RAILWAY REVENUE.-From a report of the Board of Land and Works for the year 1868, laid on the table of the Assembly, we gather the following 'particulars: -The debenture capital bearing interest, irrespective of the new loan, is £8,618,100, and the net revenue of the lines for the past year was £298,426 6s. 5d., or 3'46 per cent, upon the capital; while the gross receipts were £581.40219s. Sd., being an increase of £30,000 on the revenue from the same sources last year. A decrease is observable in the passenger, and an increase in the goods traffic. The number of pas sengers carried m 1868 was 943 327, or a decrease in round numbers of 158,000 upon the number carried in 18(57, while that fell below 1866 in this respect. In the detailed statement of expenditure we find no mention made of the cost of maintaining the establishment of the Engiueer-in-Chief and his staff, amounting, according to the Blue-book, to something like £10.000 per annum. This would seem to be a legitimate subject for inclusion in these accounts.-Argus. ME. WALTEB MONTGOMERY.-We give the following characteristic advertisement, signed by Air. Walter Montgomery, because it contains an item of information of interest to Adelaide play goers :-" Theatre Royal, Melbourne.-Mr. Walter Montgomery begs once again to call the attention . of his creditors to the fact that he leaves for Ade laide in a few days, and will be glad to have all accounts sent in to the Theatre RoyaL Mr. Walter Montgomery also addresses several highly-refined, classical, and eminent artistes in the photographic profession, and begs to say, in reply to a request for a sitting, that such flattering portraits of him have appeared in the Garrington cartoons that he elects to go down to posterity with the photographic transcriptions of these pleasant trifles, unless they republish tKe portrait of * Tom Sayers after Fam boroutrh,' that appeared in the London Illustrated Sporting Life, which bear even a more truthful resemblance to the public's obedient servant, WALTER MONTGOMERY." RSFLE MATCH AT STRATHALBYJT.-An interest ing rifle match came off on July 13 between members of the B Troop. They competed for Ave new Enfield barrels, presented by CaptainRankine. who brought them from the manufactory in England. There were 14 competitors, divided into three squad?, all of whom fired with the new weapons, which had been fitted into old stocks. Each competitor was allowed trial shots until he hit the target. One of the barrels which did not seem to perform well, although used by several good shots, was choBen by Captain Rankine to fire with. He entered the contest not with a view to taking one of the barrels even if he won, but for the pleasure of firing. It will be seen, however, that that gentleman made one of the winning scores, and he therefore handed over the barrel thus won to the highest scorer below the fifth winner. Mr. James Gilbert, of Sandergrove. The distance fired was 500 yards, 14 rounds; any posi tion. The day was fine, but with a gusty nead wind. Below are the scores: Captain Rankine ... 41! Troopr.C.W.Colman dr. Comet Gollan ... 341 E. Stark 43 Serg.-Major Kemp... 381 Forester dr. Sergeant Pavy ... 41 j Jas. Gilbert ... 38 Corporal Thomas ... 42 I Thos. Gilbert ... 34 Rankine 361 Jas. Paterson ... 25 Trooper D McLean 321 -Gay 15 A. Allen 231 NORTH ADELAIDE YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. The monthly lecture before the members of the North Adelaide Young Men's Association was delivered on Tuesday evening, July 13, in the North Adelaide Congregational Church by the President, the Kev. James Jefferis, LL.B. The subject of the lecture was "A Visit to the Catacombs at Rome." The spacious church was filled, and, on the motion of Mr. F. Searle, Mr. Anthony Forster was voted to the chair, and m his introductory remarks referred to the subject of the lecture, and spoke of the attractions which rendered Italy so popular a place of resort, and from whence Mr. Jefferis had returned full of deeply interesting facts for their edification. Mr. Jefferis introduced his subject by a brief reference to the important lessons which a study of the relics of antiquity was calculated to teach, and the witness borne to the truth of Holy Writ. I He then proceeded to describe his visit to these I deeply interesting and suggestive tomba, the burial-places of early Christians. Their im mense number and variety render them one ! of the greatest attractions to the tourist who visits Some. By means of a series of beau tiful diagrams, consisting of copies of photographs of inscriptions that were once over g-aves in the Catacombs, but are now in the Stone Gallery of the Vatican, the lecture was rendered addi tionally interesting, as the audience were thus better enabled to follow Mr. Jefferis in the descrip tion of bis rambles through the vaults, as well as in his description of the various symbolical in scriptions on the tombs, the evidence of that living faith, which sustained thousands of the fathers of Christianity in those times of bitter persecution and death. Many of the records upon the sepulchres were touchingly beautiful. The lecture, which lasted rather more than an hour, was listened to with great attention and interest and the proceedings closed with prayer. VOLUNTEER PRIZE FIRING.-A meeting of the members of the several troops mid companies entitled to compete for the general prize firing was held at the Staff Office, on Wednesday, July 14, and it was resolved that July 27, at 9 a.m.. be fixed for the competition. THE AMATEUR THEATRICAL PERFORMANCES. We believe the amount realized to the funds of the Jockey Club by the second amateur perfor mance approximates to £50. This will make a total of about £140 for the two entertainments a very handsome contribution towards making up the Jockey Club deficit. THE YELTA.-Mr. J. P. Scott received a tele gram from the Yelta Mine on Friday to the fol lowing effect:-"Boulders of green and grey ore in the 15-fathom level, 10 fathoms north of the office shaft. Ground splendid/' TALISKER MINING COMPANY.-A special general meeting of the Talisker Mining Company was held at their office, Hindley-street, on Tuesday, July 13. Present, eight persons, and Mr. L. Glyde, M.P.. in the chair. The resolutions passed at the special general meeting held on June 14, altering the con stitution of the Company, were unanimously con firmed. It was stated that there was every pro bability of the Company starting on its new basis in August. ECLIPSE.-On referring to our" Weekly Calendar" itwill be seen that an ecl'^ of the moon will occur on Friday evening neirt, visible from begin ning to the end. Should the weather be dear it will be a veiy int«re?Ung Sgbt. i , THE AUDIT COMMISSION.-We believe the Audit Commission have sent in their report to the Government.. It is a lengthy document, and refers in detail to the various points in which the present system of keeping and auditingt&e; public accounts is susceptible wf improvement. 'Attached to it is a statement 'signed by the two non-official mem bers. recommending that the Auditor-General should be'placedin a position more completely in dependent of the-Uovemment than at present. We understand that amongst the enclosures is a sort of model balance-sheet, of the colony for the year 1868, according to which the expenditure exceeded the income ty nearly a quarter of a million. THE Northern TERRITORY CoAsr SUBVEY.-At a time when the Admiralty survey of the coast lias bsen brought in so painful a manner before the at tention of the public, it may;not be amiss to refer to' the services rendered by the late Captain Hutchison and Lieutenant Guy in connection with the examination of the coast of the Northern Ter ritory. It was on the 5th of April, 1831, that the Beatrice, in charge of Captain, then Commander, Hutchison and Lieutenant ho ward, proceeded to the Territory, retiring in December of the same year, her commander being invalided. She was dispatched in the middle of March, 18)5, under the direction of Lieutenants Howard aud Guy, Ii.N, ; After remaining on active service for many months she once more returned to Adelaide on the 26th September, 186G. She was engaged in survey work ; during the whole time that Mr. McKinlay was in the Territory; and the reports of Commander HutcUson, referring to the first trip, and of the i two lieutenants, witn regard to the second, pub lished as Parliamentary Papers, contain a vast; amount of information, valuable to those naviga-1 ting the rivers and seas of the new settlement on the other side of the continent. The charts drawn out as the result of the survey were the following: -Adam Bay and entrance to Adelaide itiver, 3 inches; Adelaide K.ver, for the whole of its course, 1 inch; Vernon Islands and Channels leading into Adam Cay, 1 inch; Coast-line from Cape Croker to Point Brogden, including islands in Mountnorris Bay, h inch; Coast-line from Point Brogden to Liverpool itiver, 4 inch; Kntrancc and course of Liverpool Kiver as far as navigable by boats, 1 inch; Coast-line from Liverpool Kiver to Cape Stewart, £ inch; Liinmen Bight and Maria Island, Gulf of Carpentaria, 1 inch; Coast-line from Blaze Bay to Anson Bay, J inch; Caast-line from Anson Bay to Point Pierce, Victoria Hiver, £ inch. CHBISTCHDKCH £ choolboom ENTERTAINMENT. -We have been requested to call attention to an advertisement notifying that the literary and musical entertainment announced to take place on Thursday next has been unavoidable postponed. GOLD SPECIMENS.- On Monday a number of samples of gold-bearing cement from the Yatta Creek Diggings were exhibited in Adelaide, in cluding one very handsome specimen, studded all over with gold. The total weight is estimated at an ounce and a half, and they were taken from GodJard's claim, together with about 13 ounces more gold on Friday last. CBESr of THE WAVE REEFIXG COMPANY.-We have been informed that the Crest of the Wave Company at Jupiter has nine mine men at work in three shifts of three men each. The shaft is already down 30 feet, and no difficulty is experienced in keeping it dry with the simple appliances at present in use. THEATRE ROYAL.-The new season has had a hopeful opening, and the star, Mr. Mausergb, if he has not electrified Adelaide, has shed a mild effulgence over it well adapted to the season. He had a good though not a crowded house, and if he estimates his success by the number of calls he received before the curtain, he must be highly satisfied with it. We do not intend to be precipi tate in speaking critically of him, as we hope there will be opportunity enough for maturing our opinion before we part company with him. The programme was not one on which to form a decisive judgment, the only very dis tinctive character in it being Barney the Baron. The Ragged Pat of "Ireland as it Was" is mainly a conventional Irishman, compounded of brogue, knee-breeches, and grinning. Barney can be made a great r6le, however; and Adelaide playgoers have vivid reminiscenccs of more than one version of it. Mr. Mansergh's is nftt a reproduction of any of these. It is unquestionably original, though there may be doubts as to its being an improve ment. Compared with G'.Neil's, it is artificial in many points, and wants the spontaneity which is the charm of all such mercurial idles. It creatcd quite as much fun, but in a different way. its oddities were, perhaps, more laughable, but they exceeded the requirements of the character, aud obscured rather than illustrated it. It contained many well-delivered and telling jokes, but it failed to produce any general impres sion of humour. Mr. Mansergh does not rise into the elevated class ot dramatic humorists, though he is clever in the "funny man" iine. With the necessary gymnastic training he would be a first rate clown, for he has a thousand and one absur dities of the ring at his finger ends. He can extinguish a bedroom candle with a wineglass, and pick up his bat from the ground with a fork; but though he intended these peculiar move ments for an indication of having drunk more than was good for him. he was not otherwise successful in feigning drunkenness. Mr. Bellair, when he brings Eccles on the stage tipsy, does nothing half so aosurd as extinguishing the caudlc with a wine glass, but his tipsiness is far better acted than Mr. Mansergh's. Barney was a true Irishman for the first quarter of an hour, especially in his self introduction to ifiilitli. He ouglit to have made more of the supper scens, and of the "murdered spuds." which he threw about as if afraid to hurt Bailie Bluffenwiz. The ghost scene in the bedroom appears to be his favourite, for he elaborated it with the greatest care, its peculiar merit was the absurdity of the contortions he executed when under the ghostly influence. Its peculiar defect was the absence of every sensation whicli ghosts are generally sup posed to produce on their victims. There was no terror portrayei in Barney's face wlnle he listened to the clankiDg of the ghostly chain. There was no violent feeling of any kind expressed in his movements. Mr. Mansergh has proved himself clever in a certain line of stage business; but he hrs still to reveal any intensity there may be in him of dramatic power. His Barney is an enjoy able impersonation, which the public should go to see for the sake of promiscuous fun, if not for its artistic finish. ORGAN RECITAL.-A concert of sacred music was given by Mr. Chas. Lascelles in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Monday evening, "in aid of the funds of the poor schools for the education of destitute children.'' The entertainment was under the patronage of Sir. James Fergusson and the Eight Kev. Dr. ShieL Mr. Lascelles was assisted by Mrs. Bury, Professor F. Ellard, Mir. A. Wilkie, and the Cathedral choir, which included 10 or 12 vocal performers. There were also three or four instrumentalists in the organ loft, fir James and Lady Edith Fergusson were present. Thereserved seats were nearly all tilled, and the unreserved were quite crowded. The programme, like a brilliant piece of jewellery, sparkled with gems of the first water. Nearly every one of the pieces was "a thing of beauty.'" It is seldom that so many excellent and severely classical compositions are included in one programme. The master productions of Handel Haydn, Mendelssohn, Eossini, Beethoven, Neukomn, Weber, and others were rendered tributary to the occasion. Before the commencement of the entertainment the Very Kev. J. E. T, Woods requested that as the music was of a sacred classical character, such as was usually performed in ecclesiastical edifices, there might be no applause and no encores. ThiB request was strictly adhered to. With regard to the per formances themselves we scarcely know how to characterize them, exccpt perhaps by saying they were alike innocent of any special excellencies or ?marked defects. We imagine the most severe critic would have little cause for fa ilt- findinp; and yet, either on account of the acoustics of the building, the nervousness of the performers, or some other more occult cause, the music fell com paratively flat and meaningless upon the ear. The concerted pieces were deficient in power and grandeur, and the solos were for the most part feeble and ineffective. These remarks apply more particularly to the first part. Af tvr the interval the performers seemed to have gained confidence and to have felt more at case. Mr. Wilkie, who iuthe first nart ventured to give the magnificent song, "Sound an Alarm," with an organ accompani ment oniy, and quite failed in raising the en thusiasm of his auditory, was really very effective in Mendelssohn's "If with all your Hearts," from the "i,lijab." So also Mr. Lascelles in his inter pretation of Fossini's " Pro Peccatis'' fairly "awoke the slumbering echoes into life" by his fine vocaliz ition. Von Weber's " Benedictus" and "Agnus Dei°'.may alno be mentioned as having been very carefully given by the Choir, and Mrs. Bury, Mr. Wilkie, and Mr. Lascelics performed Curschmanu's "Ti Prego" very effectively. Two or three of the pieces on the programme were omitted. ' The entertainment was concluded soon after 10 o'clock witli a voluntary on the organ by Mr. Lascelles. The proceeds available for the school fund must have been very large. COPPER DOWN SOUTH.-We (Southern Argus) had the pleasure yesterday of inspecting some beautiful specimens of pure vircin copper found in the neighbourhood of the Upper Finniss, and about two miles distant from the original Bradford Mine. The attention of the discoverer was first directed to the spot by the presence on the surface of a quantity of rich green carbonates. Upon sink ing a moderate depth a small quantity of malleable copper of a nuggetty character was found, inter mixed with q sartz. For many years past the opinion has been prevalent that large copper deposits existed in the neighbourhood of Mount Observation, notwithstanding the unsuccessful efforts made some years ago to lead to their development. Should the present discovery lead, as is expected to better results, the gain to the South will be immense. The section on which the discovery was made has been purchased at the Land Office during the week. We believe active steps will shortly be taken to test the value of the discovery. NORTHERN MAILS.-The Kapunda paper urgeB that when the Clare and Burra coaches discontinue running to Kapunda on account of the mails going to Tarlee. that postal communication should then be established with that terminus, distant 10 miles, rather than thef letters should be sent via JiOBewortby. ( AXBUBY V. ADELAIDE - "Dariag the first quarter of this year;" says the Albany Banner > "about 12,000 acres ofland were taken up ana settled in the single district of Albury, bat in the , whole of South Australia daring the same period \- only £.472 acres were taken up under the new j system of deferred paymentswhich has lately ; men introduced Into that "colony. And most of j the selectors who come to this district do wall, ; whatever may tie «iid of their condition, in the ; older portions of the colony." ) A SESGDLAB VlCSBEGAL VISIT.-Tile Dttbbo ' Dispatch is responsible for the following:-"On i Saturday. June 12. Bis Excellency and the Hon. | Mr. Samuel were up early and inspected the town ! and its environs before one half of the inhabitants were out of bed. They took different routes. His Excellency being under the ciceroneship of Sir. ? Sub-Inspector .Norton, Mr. Samuel being accom I panied by three or four residents. . Mr. Samuel ] had much conversation with a near namesake, Mr. ; James Samuels, jun., a gentleman thoroughly up j in all that relates to-Dubbo, whether on its surfiice or beneath it. Mr. Samuels had written on the question of water-BuppIy-a circumstance remem bered by His Excellency, and which actually formed a subject of conversation on the road to Dubbo. ? *i'he Governor walked about for at least six miles, saw the town in detail and its suburbs. Mr. J. Samuels, Treasurer to the .Hospital, an institution nearly, completed, was very aaxious to show His Excellency this building, which is about two miles out of the town, and was prepared to drive him thither, but the Governor was nowere to be found. At about 10 o'clock he was seen approaching his hotel, when Superintendent Lydiard introduced Mr. James Samuels the paper ou water- supply, and tbe following interesting colloquy took placeHis Excellency I was very much pleased with that paper, and was only talking on the subject yesterday. Mr. J. Samuels-I am sorry, your Excellency, I was not up early to accompany you. because 1 could have shown you our small farms and gardens. an cially the Hospital. His Excellency-Thank you; but 1 have been as far as the Hospital, and seen it. Mr. Samuels-Ves". your Excellency, outside, but . His Excellency-Oh yes! inside as weil. Mr. .Samuels (astonished, and pulling something hastily out of his pocket) -But, your Excellency, I had the key. His Excellency (smiling) -.No matter: I got ihrough the window/ This fact, as it turned out to be, collapsed Mr. Samuels at once, and he turned round laughing, saying to himself. "The Queen can do no wrong." INQUEST. — On Saturday afternoon, July 10, Dr Clark, J.P., held an enquiry at the Black Eagle Hotel concerning a fire which occurred the pre- vious night in a house of ill-fame, in Acland street, belonging to a man named Rogers, whose occupation is that of a nightman, and rented by a young woman named Jane Clark. From the evi- dence adduced it appeared that about 10 o'clock a Mrs. Porter noticed the blinds in Clark's room to be on fire, and she immediately gave the alarm to Rogers, who was in an adjoining yard. He, with assistance, extinguished the flames before they had caused greater damage than the destruction of the window-curtains. Anna Maria Farrell, Mar- garet Trainer, and Maria Paget — the two last named witnesses residing on the premises, and Paget de- scribing herself as a domestic servant in the esta- blishment — deposed to seeing a woman named McVitty come out of the gate leading to Clark's room shortly before the fire was noticed; Trainer stating that on her calling attention to the fire McVitty said, "It's nothing but a candle, and will soon burn out;" and that she heard the alarm given after this woman was seen to come from the direction of Clark's room. Jane Clark said on Friday night she went to the Theatre shortly after 8 o'clock, and before leaving put out the candle, which, with some matches in an earthen- ware box, was standing on the drawers at some distance from the window. Mrs. McVitty had a disagreement with her, and they had not spoken for a month until that evening, when McVitty said to her ''I'll swamp your room out, or something else." McVitty lived next door. She (witness) was not in the habit of having visitors at her room while she was absent, either smokers or others. Catherine McVitty, married woman, called, and being told by the Coroner that she was not obliged to say anything that would criminate herself, expressed her desire to tell the whole truth, and then remarked that she went down the street with two friends shortly after 10 o'clock that evening, and as she passed the brothel a rush of boys came out of the gate, and pursued Paget down Ackland-street. As witness returned a few minutes afterwards, saw Paget standing under a verandah with a lot of fellows, and heard her call out that Jenny Clark's room was on fire. Went in and assisted Rogers to put it out, and on entering the yard made a remark to Farrell, but did not speak to the others. Rogers, in examination, said he saw McVitty in the room while he was extinguishing the fire. The premises were insured by the Permanent and Equitable Building Society. After a few remarks from the Coroner, the Jury returned a verdict to the effect that the place was set on fire by some person unknown. CATCH THE THIEF. — We are assured that the number of instances of petty larceny in the neighbourhood of South-terrace has recently been very great. The prowling scoundrels who resort to the practice complained of are perfectly in different as to the classes of moveables they decamp with-legs of mutton, beef and pork, washing tubs or their contents, kitchen utensils, posts and rails, or in fact anything portable, or that can be made so. People who have iaid in a goodly stock of provisions for their Sunday meals, and possibly have been dreaming over night of tbe feast in store, have awakened to fiad their larders cleared. It this state of thing? continues, and fencing is despoiled to the extent it has been lately, specially on vacant lands, the example of settlers who "out vvest" are said to be under the necessity of taking in their stone walls at night will have to be copied. A bitter wail comes from Gawler, where, judging from a local paper, pilfering is also rife. The local Times says:-*'On several occasions lately Mr. Wbaley, of this office, has had firewood stolen from his yard during the night li»si night Airs. Wade had her clothes line cleared, and we frequently hear of similar cases. The miscreant who would rob a poor widow or a printer have only to make osc step further to fill up the measure of their iniquilies to rob a church." FINE HP?CIMEN.--A fine specimen containing a large proportion of gold was, we are informed, obtained at Jupster near the surface on the Prince of Wales Tteef claim last Monday. It weighed, it is stated, 2 oz-s. :i dwts., and was puichased on tbe j spot by au Adelaidean for £7 15s. GAWLER FLOCP..-We (says a local paper)observe that the flour sent to England in the St. Vincent of Messrs. Duffield & Co's manufacture is spokeu of as being very superior. Messrs. Burrows & Perk's Circular says better could not be desired, and that { it realized 3s. per £&) lb. more tliau the average of j old flour in the market. THE FAMOUS JETTY CEASE FOE TORT MAO DOXNELL.-There seeins to be a fatality (the Standard remarks) about the crane intended for the jetty at this port. Twice has the Government ineffectually attempted to supply a good serviceable j crane, equal to lifting three or four tons' weight. Twice have they jailed; and a third time have they essajed to complete this requirement without success. A new pillar, a substitute for its unfortu nate predecessor, was forwarded by the Penola steamer, but when it reached the Port on Friday last it was found that in tbe absence of the necessary facilities it could not be landed. So it has gone forward to Melbourne, and will, wc suppose, have to cruise about between Adelaide and Melbourne-a sort of cast-iron Flying Dutch man-for an indefinite period. MIDNIGHT JVIOSVKGS.-We have received a copy of a neatly got up little brochure published at Mr Platts's, and printed by Mr. J. H. .Lewis, of Adelaide, entitled "Midnight Musings: Poems by James Anderson." The Musings are dedicated to His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, and are of a most miscellaneous, not to say promiscuous character. They embrace welcomes, valedictory addresses, teetotal melodies, love songs, elegies, and so forth. There are some passable rhymes amongst ihem, mingled with indifferent jingle, but most people would reeard the scarcity of poetic ideas and the curious confusion of metaphors as decided drawbacks. Thus a streamlet is spoken of as ru-hing giant-like across the plain; and of a murderer's knife h is said, " Whose dazzling splendour glares the eye." Mr. Anderson's range of style is as comprehensive as his range of subjects; but in this respect also, did not the title selected confirm it, his compositions bear evidence of having been written at an advanced period of the evening. Possibly, if read not in-daylight, but in the "witching" hour of night, with curtains drawn, a good light, a ruddy fire, and hot supper, the reader might be favourably impressed with some of the heroic, sentimental, or tragic pieces which have respectively Scott. Tupper, and Byron as their models, with just a slight touch of Burns. DISTRICT COUNCIL HONOURS -At the nomina tion of candidates for the District Council of Mount Gambier West there were no less than 22 names proposed in a meeting of between 59 and 60 ratepayers, to fill three vacancies. Some wished for the honour, and in other instances the attempt was being made to thrust it upon them. Hilarity seemed to reign for the time being. Two whose names were proposed intimated, we presume to dissuade electors from voting for them, that they would seek to form a Corporation; another-the Court bail iff-pleaded that he was too old, and his office unfitted him; another urged that he had served three years, and ought to be spared further infliction; and, finally, one who was asked whether he would tax velocipedes, leplied, amidst laughter, that he would if not better than one seen in their streets. BOAT-BUILDING AT MACDONNELL BAT. - The Standard says that Mr. H. De Longviile has just completed and launched an excellent and service able specimen of boat architecture, having a capacity to the extent of 15 tons of dead-weight, which is designed either for the coasting trade or deep-sea fishing. It is mentioned to us as a most inconvenient arrangement that to secure registra tion the boat must be taken round to Adelaide. COPPEB DISCOVERY NEAB THE BURBA. - A surface sample of copper ore, composed of blue and green carbonates, found 10 miles from the JJurra, and computed to be of 12 or 13 per cent, quality, was exhibited at the Exchange on Satur day morning, July 10. We understand that the , surface Indications are extensive, and cover an area 100yard?)oneby 40 wide, on wastelands of " Ihe Grown. . FOOTBALL.-On Saturday afternoon, July 16; the match between the Korthand South. was resumed ; on tiie Worth Park Lands. The weather, although rather warm, was pleasant and Agreeable, and the'' number, both of players and spectators, was un usually large. .; ^hiB may be attributable to the: fact that each side had already scored one goal, and'= had proved so equal in strength that agood game was anticipated; the residt'prored that the expec tation was well-founded. There lias not been a more closely contested and exciting game this' season. The Blues lost the toss, and the ball was kicked off at 2.45; and until 5.30, when the game was stopped, no goals bad been secured by either , side. During the first half-hour the Blues worked j better than their opponents, but at length, as the ! game went on. the Pinks showed their superiority, andveiy nearly succeeded in kicking two coats. At one time the ball eras beautifully seat from one goal to another by three successive free kicks made by the tiuks; aud at another time the ball was [ cleverly carried by a Pink through the g*alkeeperB of the Blues, and his final kick was within an ace of a goal. TJia Pinks plated so well during the end of the gune that it was generally supnosed I they would win the day. but unfortunately the ball ! burst, and the game was ended, as it was getting late. ! PROMENADE CONCERT.-The second of the ! promenade concerts by the members of the Theatre Boyal orchestra, assisted by Miss Adelaide Stoneham and Mr. J. Batson, was given in the Town Hall on Saturday evening, July 10. The audience, which, included numerous members of the theatrical profession, was not so large as on the previous occasion. Except one or two pieces ' which were repeated the performances were entirely new; the programme being further revised bj; the complete substitution in the second part_ of nizger melodies and eccentricities for the original miscellaneous cast. The exceedingly beautiful composition "Echo du Mont Blanc" was excellently rendered, the effect being enhanced by the clever cornet ebligato of Heir Schroder. Miss Stuneham evoked plaudits by her pleasing rendering of Keichardt's ballad "Love's Request." Mr. Bat-son was not encored in "Good-bye, Sweetheart," though he might have lieeo recalled had he restricted himself to the Dun dreary species of vocalization, by which he first gained favour with the Adelaide musical public. The freedom of the Christys' per formance, which composed the second part of the entertainment, provoked a corresponding laxity in the audiencs. who, thawing on the re moval of the restraint imposed by classical operatic music, left their seats, which the majority had till then retained, and crowded round the nlat form, where the vocal and terpsichorean feats, wit and humour, and suitable habiliments of the sable performers could be better appreciated. The entertainment closed shortly after 10 o'clock, aficr a pleasant evening had been spent. JUVENILE SHEEPSTEALERS. - William Long, aged 14, and Samuel his brother, aged 12, were brought up on July 6 in custody of the police at the Kormanville Court charged by Richard Shad well with having feloniously stolen and killed one ewe, his property, at Caracalinga, on July 2. The prisoners, for whom Mr. Lowe appeared, pleaded nat guilty. It seemed that the boys, having ran away from home, were living in a wurley in the scrub, where they were discovered, having a sheep Bkinned and hung up on a wattle, and a portion of it cooking in a catnpaven. The prosecutor identi fied the skin by the brand, and also the oven, as his property; and the tracks of a sheep and two boys (some of the latter matchiug the younger prisoner's boots) were traced by Police-trooper Laurence and others from the prosecutor's sheepfoid to the prisoners' camping- place, whete the sheep was found hanging; other stolen property was also there. Prisoners had stated, when asked where they got the sheep, that they found it by the creek, and that it died in lambing. Clear proof, however, was given that it had l«en killed. The Court con sidered a prima facie case established, and com mitted prisoners (who declined to say anything) for trial at the next Criminal Sittings of th« Supreme Court. ACCIDENT AT STKATHALBI2J.-On July 9 a lad aged 12, son of Mr. S. Hall, mail driver, Strath albju, whilst descending by a ladder from a gum tree, in which he had been oppossuming, slipped at the third rung from the top and fell to the ground, breaking an arm in two placcs, and other wise injuring it. A buggy conveyed the little fellow home, where he was at once attended by Dr. Ferguson, who set the "fractures. By the last accounts he is going on favourably. ABOEICINAI, PEISONEB ABSCONDING. - A coloured gentleman nicknamed "Maty Ann Jackey," committed from Narracoorte on a charge of indecent assault or attempt at rape, was brought up at Guichen Hay under warrant charged with prison breaking. The turnkey when locking up the prisoners at Robe Gaol found he had left the key of Jackey's cell, and returned to bis quarter? for it, innocent'.y leaving an outer door unlocked. Jaclrey must have at ouce taken advantage of this, and escaped. He was captured soon after by Police-trooper George at a hut near Mr. A. Dunn's station, Woolnut. He #as com milted for trial at the nest Circuit Court. BLACKFELLOWS STEALING BEER. - Two black fellows, named respectively Pat Belt and Johnny O'Keefe, were brought before Mr. G. B. Scott, S.M., on June 29, at iiobe, charged witli entering the premises of Charles Bridglaud, of the Criterion, and stealing 10 gallons of beer. M r. Bridgland had kept his beer in a building with the gable end out, and by means of a ladder and bucket these fellows were helping themselves on the night of June 28 when discovered by Mr. Bridgland, who unex pectedly went into the yard. They were sentenced Pat Belt to four months, and Johnny O'Keefe to two months' imprisonment. Ilow TASMANIA TREATS HER BOTS.-The Hoh-xrt Town Mcreury of the 'i9th ultimo says: "Yesterday afternoon about half pas': 2 o'clock the attention of several bystanders about the Stone buildings was caller to a young stripling, dressed in a blue smock and a felt hat, closely handcuffed, and proceeding up the road in custody of a constable. Sights of this kind are happily now very rare in the colony, and consequently many en quiries were made as to who the felon could be, and various suggestions offered as to the nature of the horrible crime he might have committed, while two or three gentlemen crossed towards Walcli's, and the following colloquy took placeEnquirer ' Pray, constable, what offence has the lad com mitted, that he is handcuffed in this manner?' Constable-* He shot a kangaroo, Sir; and I am taking him to the Cascade Kacto.-y, under a sen tence of two months' imprisonment.' Enquirer (to the boy) -* Is that true, my lad ? What is your name? Where were you tried?' 'At Hamilton. Sir. 1 am the son of a farmer, aud my name is James Pearce.' 'But were you not fined?' 'No, Sir, merely sentenced to two months' imprison ment with li"rd labour for shooting a wild kangaroo on Mr. Gellibrand's land, at the Ouse. and you no* see me handcuffed like a felon, in broad day light, and on my way to prison.'" THE MURRAY TRAMWAY.-The Kapunda Herald says:-*' Our Blanchetown friends are, we notice, resuming the question of the Murray Tramway. We hope that some definite conclusion will on this subject be arrived at by our legislators during the approacliiug session of Parliament; meanwhile it is the duty of all concerned to obtain and attord sucli information as sball place the Parliament iu a position to arrive at such a decision as shall be most conducive to the public good, without regard to any local jealousies. We might mention that our resident member, Mr. Lewis, has prevailed on the Commissioner of Crown Lands to pay a visit to the Murray Flats before Parliament meets, when he will be able to see for himself that one of two things is due the Bet tiers in that locality, either a good macadamized road or a tramway to Kapunda." MULTIPLE PLOUGH.-The Standard states it is informed that Mr. Williams, of the South-Eastern Foundry, has just completed a multiple plough on a princ:ple entirely new, and which possesses the advantage of being used as a single, double, triple, or quadruple plough in a few minutes, simply by the addition of the necessary parts. It was at work on the farm of Mr. J. Umpherston, and the trial, we understand, was most satisfactory. THE Cm' MARKET.-The new shed at the Central City Market will not be completed for another week. On next Saturday morning it will be open for business, and the Corporation have decided, we believe, to throw it open on Saturday night for the sale and purchase of merchandise, wares, and produce. An official announcement will shortly appear in our business columns. THE ACCIDENT AT THE PORT.-On enquiry at the Hospital this morning we learned that the little boy Dedman, who met with an accident at the Port on Friday, July 9. was somewhat better but that he is still in a precarious state. THE EEEDY CREEK MIKE-During the last week reports of an encouraging character have been received from the Beedy Creek Mine. Cap tain Polglaze, writing on July 5, says;-" We hope to have all the (W-fathom levels clear of water in a few days. The bottom of the 40-fathom level looks as well as last month; all the slopes are breaking good ore and some high percentage. Almost every place is filled with good orey stufE and the percentage will run as formerly stated. It is im possible for me to state the number of tons of ore underground; it is broken in so many different places, and such large piles of orey stuff' lying about. According to my judgment there is more ore broken this month than last Tributers' pitches are all looking well; the last discovery- Mark's-has every; appearance of con tinuing bath north and down in the bottom of the 30-fathom level, and up towards the 20-fathom level. I believe that Marks arid his boy have broken about 24 tons of ore. I am well pleased with the appearance and prospects of the mine, and according to the ore now brought to the floors, with what is already broken, we shall soon be able to forward to the shareholders a good dividend." WHEAT. MAKY MINE, YANKALILLA. - The Wheal Mary Silver-Lead Mine at Caracalinga stall looks promising. A winze is being sunk on the course of the lode in the 10 fathom level. The lode there is 16 inches wide, yielding two tons of ore to the fathom, and increasing in size, and the 1 i lead is more solid SB the men get down. ABT CKITICISM ur VICTORIA.-The gentleman who " does"' the -tat OTticisin for the;M&Kraroe; leading1 journal presentsthe following gem, which certainly needs no setting?hi thetPubhc Ait Gallery will be found at present-a very valuable pic nre 4iy Burghe, which has just been lent for exhibition. It la kn Alpine scene, in which peasants kce leading tlieir cattle through a moun tain Jk .-Hie and fiiey-are partly cover^witn soft herbage and shaded with Btately firs. There is not much of the crandeur which one generally associates wjththe Idea of Alpine regions. Thereareno want ndges or boundless ice streams; no yawmug crevices formidable in arrayno wreathing mist enshroud ins peak and pinnacle within its cola grey, folds* There. is nothing even of that striking beauty, which travellers remember with such ineffable delight-the thousand diamond pomts in, the un clouded sunshine of that upper world, the smile Df light and the frown of shadow amongst the purple crags-nor even.of that gentler loveliness in wluch starredwiuiwmtc jicmvmw... scene is.common-place; enough, ana is thoroughly Alpine, and not devoid of beauty, or of grandeur either, within certain limits. There is a sort of peaceful pictoeMueness about it. in which yon are hardly liEted above the dwell ings of mankind, and certainly, plunged into no immeasurable depths of mysterious dimness. Its wildaess is touched with an air of pastoral grace, and its ruggedness, half hidden by a graceful screen of foliage, where it is not wrappedi 111 a radient mantle of vegetation. The. pnncipal defect of the picture is a want of variety in its treatment; and, if we were inclined to be critical,, there are some. other minor imperfections which might also be pointed out; hut we care not to find fault with a work which is so satisfactory in all .the most im portant respects. We learn that it is under oner to the Trustees of the PuUhc Library, and is to be liad at a very moderate price. . Great, however, as are its merits, we hardly like it enough to recom mend its being acquired as an addition to our public collection. It is not difficult to procure works better suited for art education, or more cal culated to refine the public taste, and it is on these we should prefer public money being spent.. W e should be sorry, nevertheless,, to see this picture sent out of the colony, as it is intended if it be not sold within a month, and we trust that it will lind a purchaser amongst some of our wealthy people of taste.1' THE SOUTH Apeican GOLD ASD DIAMOND 0I3COVEBIES. - Mr. O. L. Kiisser, of Bundle street, has favoured us with extracts from a letter lately sent by his brother, Mr. M. L. Kiisser, cf the Commercial Hotel, Cape Town, in which he speaks disparagingly of the gold-fields, hut in glowing terms of the diamond discoveries. A number of diggers from Australia had arrived at Port Natal, and after going in search of gold they returned, much disappointed, their coming over being appa rently the result of a mere hoax, -the writer says: "About 2.'"i00 miles inland from Cape Town tnere was reported to be gold scattered everywhere; but the precious metal seemed to be so scarce that even the natives cannot make it pay. A party of nine persons left Cape Town for the diggings, and in seven weeks found two pennyweights of gold.. He also advises that in the case of any of his brother's friends wishing to leave Adelaide for Cape Town for the purpose of goid-diggmg, they should not go. As to diamonds, however, they seem to be more plentiful, and precious stones are brought into Cape Town constantly. . A.ot long since a single stoue was found, weaning o->2 carats, which was bought between four persons for *11 200 and after clostr examination it is reported to be worth £25,000 to £30.000. A short tune ago a Boer in Cape Town purchased iro n a Kaffir a stone of 13| carats for a stick of tobacco, and ^bas sold it since for £400. The new purchaser after wards refused £1.500 for it. The finding of pre cious stones seems to be continual. Business in general is stated to be quiet; but the letter does not speak of affairs being so depressed as they are in Adelaide. Hungarian V. COLONIAL WISES. - We (Bunyip) mentioned in our last issue that a party of gentlemen at Mr. Knowles's invitation weieto meet at the Gawler Arms, to taste some samples of wines which had stood the test of the double voyage to England and back. To vignerons and others who have made the -production of colonial wines a subject of study, this was an event of much interest; inasmuch as it afforded an opportunity of trying by experiment how the wines of this district would be presented in the London market, and of com paring the relative merits ot Hungarian and colonial wines. Last evemug. 15 or 1<> met accordingly. The two fiist bottles opened were the two Hungarian samples- the boinjau, a light wine, and the Menese Crown, one of a darker lmrnptpr After these some ten or a dozen bottles of different sorts of colonial wines were opened and tasted, comprising three from Para Paja, three of Mr. Winckle's, and some others. Of the light wines a specimen of Chasselasof 1S63, from Para Para, was much praised, as also was another of 1862, which we understood to be the product of Mr. Winckle, while some gentlemen present rather preferred the Hungarian light sample. But the finest and most palatable wine tasted, and one very generally admired, was a red wine from Mr. ft which was pitted against the dark Hungarian wine. The latter was generally pronounced an abomination, while the former was accepted as a splendid specimen. There was one other, how ever, not labelled, which by some wasprefetred.to Mr. Winckle's, being rougher in flavour, with perhaps more spirit. We had almost forgotten to observe that the Hungarian wines opened con tained only 18 per cent, spirit, showing how unne cessary it is to fortify the wines m the manner too often adopted here. After the wines had been tried and pretty freely consumed, the whole party adjourned for supper, which was served up in a prime and tempting style by Host Bradley. RAPID REPORTING AND FDBUSHIKG. - An .English paper say8:-"Between 2 and 3 o cock on the morning of Wednesday, March 24, the House of Commons divided on the second reading of the Irish Church Bill. At 6 o'clock of the same morn ing the New York papers, thanks to the energy of the New York Associated Press, came out with the result of the division, with a summary of the debate which preceded it, and a description of the scene of excitement which followed it. This is the most rapid feat of journalism which has yet been accomplished; and even with the largest faith 111 the development of mechanical science, we do not see how this feat can be greatly surpassed, even though that which men 'have -ione is but an earnest of the things that they shall do. fo transmit news over 3,000 miles, and to set it up in type, to print it, and sell it in the streets within three hours, or making allowance for the diiferencs of time, within six hours of the recorded event happening, leaves but little room for the inventive power ot future Wheastones or Hoes.1' A CAUTION TO SMOKERS.-A singular accident (says a liallarat paper) occurred in Skipton-street, Ballarat, the other day. A gentleman, after smoking his pipe put it in his pocket whilst the remaining ashes were still alight never of course for one moment dreaming that any awkward result would ensue. It so happened, however, that there were several loose matches in the same pocket-, and one of them coming in contact with the burning tobacco set the garment on fire. There was a strong wind blowing at the time, and the curious sight of a man on hre in the public streets soon attracted a crowd of spectatois The coat was speidiiy torn from the gentleman's back, but, on account of its being buttoned up, not until an envelope containing three £1 notes, one £o note, and a cheque for £7 10s. had been consumed by the flames. THE RAINFALL.-The following is the Hon. G S. Kingston's return of the rainfall for this year up to the end of .Tune compared with the general average of the corresponding months in the yearB IS36-48: 1816-48. 1869. ( _ _ 18-W-48. ISffl. January... 0*559 0*13 February 0'705 0"39 March ... 0897 1"73_ April ... 1 92i 1W3 DEPARTURE of THE Dcke of Edinbubgh fkoji ABCKLAN'D. - A Melbourne paper says:-"Eis Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., left Auckland, as stated previously by telegram, on the 1st June. It is 6tated that His Eoyal Highness was much gratified with his visit to New Zealand, his reception both in Auckland and other parte of the colony having been £uch as to give him great satisfaction. We learn from the Arew Zealand Herald that the Duke leaves many mementos of kindly feeling behind him. He has given liberally in several cases to those needing and deserving charitable assistance. He has also left a sum of j £150 for the public charities of the five provinces which he visited, which donation is to he dis tributed through the Superintendents of them in equal proportions. His Royal Highness begged Lady Bowen's acceptance of a very elegant diamond bracelet. To His Jixcellency's Aid-de-camp, Cap tain . itt, R.A., and his Private Secretary, Captain Smith, the Prince presented diamond pins. He al«o made other presents of a similar character to , various other persons. The Maori Chiefs who gave the meres, mats, &c.;, to the Duke, received in: i return golden ornaments of a valuable nature. The same journal has heard it stated that about £10,000 has been invested in the Thames by the , officers of ELMS. Galatea. Just before the . departure of the vessel. His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh and Lord Charles Bsresford , became the purchasers each of 25 shares in the Long Drive Gold Mining Company for £50 ner share. The negotiation was effected by Mr. Reader Woods. The following is the route traced out for His Royal Highness :-He proceeds direct to Yokohama, instead of calling at the islands mid-route as proposed; from thence to Pechele, thence to Shanghai, and on to Hongkong Early , in September he will reach Manila, and by the end of the month arrive at Singapore; from thence to 1 Penang, and reaching Calcutta about the end of October, remain there until the end of January, 1370\. On hiB return'voyage he will visit Colombo, Mauritius, Cape of Good Hope, St. Helena, and finally reach Plymouth by the end of July that year. It is calculated that on once reaching home the Duke's journey will have extended .over 39,000 miles." AMERICAN BREADSTUFF CARGOES.-we have , received a memorandum from a mercantile house j in this city, stating that the Faraway, reported in 'j a telegram in thiB morning'b Register as due atj California when the Freetrader left, and alluded to j in our market report as a third arrival in Sydney.; did not sail from Newcastle with coals for San , Francisco until 20th April, and cannot be much more than due in California now. May 2*9* 1 ' June 2*959 2 1-9 Totals ... 9"937 6'970 \- THA3IWAYS FOB WESTER AUBTRAIiA--In a «ceat isBue o£ th^ i°e^ 6tecite tlie que8tion of devdoping the resources of Western.Australians: diacassei and two prominent subjects brought forward are the construction of railways and tee formation of a harbour at Fremantle. It states, in connection with the latter pnWect,_that Jjeut. Colonel Bruce is to to Mr. Weld, at Ade laide. representingthe wish of the settlers, and ^u^AhThel&l; thereendeavour to procure the Services of some person qualified to give an opinion as to the most likely method we can pursue to gain our object at tbeileast cost. All these schemes, however/ railway^ tramways, or harbours, will be costly, and canonly be proceeded with by means of borrowed funds, and how tho.e funds we te be obtained ^aquestion wbich mMt affect in tbe greatest possible manner the P°bcy which Mr. Weld may consider necessaw,to JoUow after he has become acquainted with the natural capabilities and resoureesof the .c£?Q'j£k® called upon to rule, and its acquired means of turning those resources to account. BESULT OF CHEAP Tblegbaphing Chabges. With regard to the effect of a reduction in the telegraph charges, the H I observes:-"It is satisfactory to know that since the reduction in charges for telegraphic messages forwarded between the various Tasmanian stations, the revenue derived after the .first few days has nearly donbled itself, while the numberof messages has been more than doultfe. This is aetrong proof of the public appreciation of rapid and cheap com munication. and fully bears out the arguments recently advanced^ by us. When the telegraph becomes thoroughly popularized it will beReneially availed of as a means of communication. Stjgab PLANTATIONS.-MOUS. DeKock has called a public meeting for Tuesday next of persons interested in the settlement of the Northern Terri tory, with a view to the formation of a Gom pany to establish a sugar plantation there. His proposal is to form a Company with a capital of £30/03, in 3.000 shares of £10 each. M. De Kock states in his prospectus that he has had 17 years' experience in the management of the largest sugar manufactory in India. He proposes that the Company should procure 70!) acres of land, and employ upon the plantation 50 .Europeans and 100 coolies; also, that the machinery shou d contain all the latest improvements, and that the refuse molasses should be distilled into spirits. His calculations embrace all the anticipated items of expenditure, including machiuery, £8,030; erection of buildings and materials, j£4,000; salaries, wages, transport of coolies. Jive stock, implement&6ugar canes, &c.;, £11.500-makm? a total of £23,500, or, adding 25 per cent, for contingencies, &c.;, The returns are represented on tbe otnerside as nil the first year, but after that they are to increase enormously up to the fifth year, when the whole of the subscribed capital will be repaid. After that the net profits are to be very great. JVL De Kock proposes to include the growth cf nee, tobacco, and some other productions, so. as to keep the coolies constantly employed. His scheme seems to be well digested, and if even one-half his" antici pated profits are realized the sh areholdeis will have abundant reasons to be satisfiad. ENTERTAINMENT AT THE LUNATIC ASYLUM. On Friday evening, the §th instant, Mr. Lascetles and Mr. Wilkie gave an entertaiument to the inmates of the Lunatic Asylum, which lasted from half past 7 to nearly 10 o'clock, and consisted of vocal and instrumental music. The success which these two gentlemen achieved in their kindly and dis interested effort to lessen the monotony of Asylum life by a pleasant evening's amusement was per fect. The interest with which " The Beggar Gitl was listened to, and the loud laughter which lom Hood's "Lost Child" elicited, aiforded ample proof of Mr. Lascelles' power to sway his audience either in the direction of the pathetic or bumoious. What particularly strikes one in his vocalization is tbe easy way in which the change is made from the natural to the falsetto voice, and tbe remark able clearness and purity of liis falsetto notes. Eumour has it that lie is on the eve of leaving the colony. If this is the case, he may rest assured that his name will be long remembered by the inmates of the Asylum for his generosity in aiiording them a happy and pleasant cvenmg. Northern TERRITORY Coin? ant. LIMITED. A special general meeting of the above Company was held at tbe Company's office, Greufell-street, on Friday, July 9. Present-Messrs. S. Tomkinson (in the chair). L. Glyde, M.P., N. Blyth, M.P., A. Hay, M.P., Hon. G. S. Kingston, H. Pymill, W. M. Letchford, E. B. Smith. H. L. Ayeis, C. Schilling, A. Jeffrey, and C Sabine. Proposed by Mr. N. Blyth, seconded by Mr. is. B. Smith, "That Messrs. S. Tomkinson, A. Jaffrey, and H. Rymill shall be and are hereby appointed Liquidate! s, for the purpose of winding-up the -affairs of the Northern Territory Company, Limited." Carried. The Hon. G. P. Kingston proposed, and Mr. A. Jaffrey seconded That it is expedient to dissolve the Northern Territory Company, Limited, and that the same be forth with dissolved and wound-up voluntarily, and that the resolution to the above effect, passed on the 2nd day of July. 1SC9, be apd the same is hereby confirmed." Carried unanimously. THE LATE CAPTAIN HUTCHISON, R.N.-A few days ago it was our melancholy duty to record the somewhat sudden decease of Lieutenant Guy, of the Naval Survey Staff stationed here, and our obituary has now announced the death of his superior officer, Captain, late Commander Hutchison, B.N., also of fLM. surveying vessel the Beatrice, who expired on Friday at Caxton Lodge, North Adelaide. The services of these officers a^d others similarly engaged have been very valuable to ship masters frequenting our waters: and the Admi ralty authorities, as well as Colonial Govern ments. bave not hesitated to acknowledge tbe value of the coast surveys effected. Captain Hutchison, who has just departed in the very prime of life, entered upon a naval career in the early pa t of 1842, when a mere lad, about 12 or 14 years of age, and has been employed exclusively in the exploring and survey departments of the strvice, where bis tastes and qualifications have had ample scope. He was urst engaged on the English and Irish coasts under Admiral Bullock anil Capt. \\\ olfe.. Here he remained till 1845. or '40, when he joined H.M.S. Herald, Captain Kellett, oil board whic.i he served till the vessel was pawl off in lSo2. During this period the Herald was surveying in the Pacific Uceau, and also in the Arctic beas, in the search for the ill-fated Sir John Franklin and the members of . his expedition. For services then rendered he, m common with others thus employed, revived the Arctic medaL In 1852 Captain Hutchison rejoined the Herald, which had been fitted out for an explonng and survey cruise among the South.Sea Islands. She afterwards sailed for some time in the Coral Sea. and then retun ed home after a mne vears' absence. During the greater part of her commission Mr. Hutchison was hrst lieutenant. In August, 1861, the now deceased officer was pro moted to the post of Commander, and was placed in charge of the Admiralty survey of the seaboard of this province. After the trip to tbe Northern Territory, whieli impaired his strength, he invalided home, and returned to the survey, schooner Beatrice during the following September in restored health. In January of this year a course of hard and almost incessant active duty was rewarded by the further promotion to the rank of naval captain. This able officer has, however, lived a very brief time in the enjoyment of the .well-deserved honour and emolument of that position- The immediate cause of death appeals to have been inflammation of the lungs brought on by a cold, and his illness has been very brief. Many will mourn his loss, and all will sincerely sympathize with the wife who is widowed, and tlie child who by this e-roke is made fatherless. The funeral, with military honours, took place on Sunday afternoon, at J o'clock, as elsewhere notified. Bespect for the memory of the deceased was shown generally ou Sundav at the Port, wherein all directions lowered ensign's marked the decease of an eminent nautical surveyor, a kmd friend, and most assiduous officer. The remains of the late Captain Hutchison. B N were interred in the North Adelaide Ceme tery on Sunday afternoon, July 11. The melan choly interest attaching to the decease of Captain Hutchison, following so soon after that of the late Lieut. Guy, also of H.M.S. Beatrice, had the effect of makiuii the ceremonyjmuch more imposing than funeral obsequies here usuallv are. 1 his, com bined with the circumstance of the burial taking place on the day it did, drew together a much larger concourse of mourners and spectators than any similar event in Adelaide fora longtime past. At the appointed hour-3 o clock- the cortiae moved from the residence of the. deceased towards its destination. The van consisted ol aboui, 91} officers and rank and file of the 14th Regiment, under the command of Major Vivian. The rear of the military was brought up by the band of the detachment, wh\c/> during the pro gress to the grave played the "Dead March, and other appropriate music. His Lordship the Bishop fo'ioired, accompanied by the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat and the Kev. W. \V. Ewbank m surplices. The body was borne upon a gun-carriage, drawn by four horses, and attended by four members of the Adelaide battery of Artillery under the direction of Sergeant-Ma jor Mac Bride. The coffin was covered with the Union Jack, and the sword and accoutrements of the deceased were on it. Lieutenant Howard, R.N., and Dr. Jobson followed as chief mourners, and immediately behind them walked His Excellency Sir James Fergnssou, accompanied by Captain Edgcumbe (PrivateSecretary) and Mr. Moras (Aide-de-camp). A procession of between 60 and /0 gentlemen followed, headed by Inspector Searcy and Lieut. Cooper (of tbe Adelaide Artillery). We noticed the Hone, the Chief Secretary and Treasurer. Mr. Joriah Boothby (Under Secretary), Major B. Douglas (Collector of Customs), the Postmaster General, Drs. Moora (*»se. and CMdenmne, Lieutenant Lucas, Hon. H. Ayers. M.L.C, Messrs. J. Fisher, MJP., R. C. Baker, M.F.. W. Townsend M.P., A. Forster, J. Souttar, 1L H. tSTdI aDaly. - Main, F. C. Singleton. W. H. Bundey, W. J. Macarey, D. Garlick A. Twner B. T. Finmss, F. S. C. Driffield, S fLrine. J. H. Parr, W. J. Crawford, G W Hawkes, S.M., S. Tomkinson, E. M. young, X G.'Sty. H. SimpBpiijtT.(iiles, F. B. and H. L. Ayers. W. J. PeterswaldjL. M. CuUen, A. Cunningham, J* Acramao* J. Wiliianis, B. Young. Succeeding was a long luie of vehicle^ headM by the Governor's carnage. The Mate and Steward of the Beatrice^ and others formerly under the command of Captain Hutchison, were also amone the mourners. On the ground werecollected from three to four thousand spectators. The buna! service of the Church of England was read by Archdeacon Marryat; prayer beina offered at the doBe by the Lord Bishop. A number of children from the Christchurch Sunday-school sang. The Christchurch bell was tolled before the^Toces sion left The military firing-party having fired three volleys, tbe assemblage gradually dispersed. \- OOTTONIH TCEffl "SOTTH-JJAST. - A paragraph jdsewb^jnenJMi^ithat a-^ropowl^as,;^ one made some time .ago to erectsqgar^warks^on &e; di^ed flats, aBd ^e paperfrom< which the "local" is extracted also states that nice sample of a vegetable prodiict sent to tis .as cotton may be Keen atour office; grofrnibiafepafeonat Mount (3-ambier. ' Althptmn'me staple Is-not very, long, the cottonseems to be of very fine texture?': ' iBldidtE. -The veloripedaic mania has jex* tended .to. tlie Garden, and a three-wheeler rf local manufacture has' appearedat Mount Gambier, while the advent of a tricycle is also threatened, so thatthe merits of twos and threes can be compared. ' DEABTH OF. DRAMATIC TAtEOT.-Tbe Daily Telegraph, of Melbourne publishes the following "Mr. Harwood, it would seem, has not been veiy well pleased with his visit to England, if we may judge from the tone of his letters, addressed to his copartners in the management of the Theatre BoyaL He is tooth dissatisfied with the acting he 'has seen, and themanner- in which pieces are placed upon the stage in the old country. Be has also met with unexpected difficulties in the way of engaging "stars" for the Theatre Royal; but after a good deal of trouble and much nejrotiatiou'he has succeeded in entering into an engagement with Herr Bandmann, the German tragedian and Shak sperian performer, who is of the ifechter school of acting, and has been playing with success at the Lyceum and other West-End house?, and with him Miss Milly Palmer has also -been engaged. The only other artistes who will visit Australia under Mr. Harwooii's auspices are Miss Sose Kvans, a burlesque actress. Miss Bectlcy, and Mr. Claremont, whose specialities are not mentioned. Mr. ilarwood returns to the colony by the next mail. The Anglo-Australian bas the following on theatrical matters relating to the colonies To divert to theatrical matters, Mr. Harwood of the Theatre Royal Melbourne, returns there by this mail, not having made any-definite arrangements as regards the engagement of "stars." The reason of the difficulty in finding talent is very simple, when one remembers that during the last two years some twenty new places of amusement have been opened in the metropolis. Mr. Harwood himself has had several offers of a London engage- ? ment, but is bent nnon returning to Melbourne as quickly as- possible.'" LADIES' HIGH SCHOOL.-We find from the news papers that an attempt is being made to establish a high school for ladies at Dunedin, New Zealand. SUGAB ON THE DRAINED LAND.-Some time ago a gentleman of this town (reports the Mount Cfamiicr Standard) made an offer to the Govern ment in reference to. the drainage works land something similar to this: that if the Government would grant a free lease of one Equare mile of land for seven years, oa a right of purchase, he would erect £4,000 worth of machinery and buildings for the purposes of a sugar manufactory. The offer was necessarily declined: but it seems matter for regret tbar, such a good opportunity fer creating a new industry and procuring means of employment could not be availed of. THE UNION' CLUB.-The rooms in the Town Ball taken by the Union Club were opened this morning. The old Local Ceurt offices have been converted into a billiard-room, the Local and Insolvency Court into a dining-room, the Official Assignee's and Commissioner of Insolvency's offices into waiting and strangers' room, and the Insolvency office into a smoking-room. The arrangements are nearly completed, and the catering is to be performed by Mr. G. Aldridge. THE PLOUGHISG MATCH.-The Royal Agricul tural and Horticultural Society have secured a piece of land on Mr. Hughes's farm, at Tusmore, on the Greenhill- road, three miles from Adelaide, on which to hold their ploughing match on August 19. DROWNED AT TERLINGA STATION.-On Wed nesday afternoon a son, 19 months old, of Mr. James Hannam, manager at the Hon. J. Baker's Terlinga Station, was drowned in a creek belowthe garden attached tehis father's house. From the evidence at an inquest held on July 8, by Mr. G. Melrose, J. P., it appeared that the boy had been playing in a spot lower down than where the children were usually allowed to go, and fell over a bank a distance of 10 feet into three or four feet of water, where he was drowned previous to his absence being noticed. On being missed, active search was made, and the body discovered. It was immediately placed in a hot bath, and then roiled in warm blankets till medical aid arrived shortly after. Other remedies were then also resorted to, but without avail, as no signs of animation were at any time visible. The verdict was-"This Jury is of opinion that the deceased, George Hannam, came l-y his death in accidentally falling from off the bank into the waierhole, no blame being attributable to any one." The remains were interred in Tungkiilo Cemetery on July 9, the Rev. W. A. Clayfielu officiating. A large number on horseback and foot attended to snow their sym pathy for the bereaved parents. VITAL STATISTICS.-The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 10th of J uly, were Births-32 males, 30 females; deaths-9 males, 5 females. Total, ?2 births, 14 deaths. Excess of births, 48. REGISTRATION OP DOGS.-It is worth while for the owners of dogs to recollect that unless their caniue pets are registered to-day they (the owners) become liable under the Act to be summoned before the Police Magistrate and. mulcted in a penalty of not less than £1 10s.. and not more than £3. It would only be fair for the Corporation to give public notification of the day up to which the registration-fee is payable. COPPER FHOM THE NOBTH.-By some oversight on Saturday last the manifest of the Royal Shepherd was not handed in the usual way to our shipping reporter. But we fiad that amoDg the cargo were no less than 41i tons of copper from the Blinman Mine, valued at £3,000. CHIMESAL ASSAULT.-At the Magistrates' Court, Fort Ellioi, on July 8, before Mr. B. l\ Laurie, S.M., John Gangel, of Hindmarsli Valley, labourer, was brought up on remand charged with commit ting a criminal assauit on his daughter, a modest and respectable-loolring girl of 16. Mr. Lowe watched the case on the part of the prisoner. The evidence disclosed a frightful state of immorality. After the witnesses had been examined by the Presiding Magistrate, and submitted to a severe cross-examination by Mr. Lowe, the prisoner, declining to make any statement, was committed for trial at the next Criminal Sittings of the. Supreme Court. CATTLE STEALING.-We hear of additional case of cattle-stealing, this time near Tungkiilo. A letter from there, for instance, says " Unpleasant rumours are circulating in the district that there are still persons committing depredations among the fat cattle. One poor man, after a long search for a missing one, only got the skin, and it is to be hoped the slaughterer will bs found." RAILWAY TRAFFIC.-The traffic on the South Australian Railways for the week ended July 3 was:- rort Line-Passengers, 4,854; fares, £209 Is. lid.; goods, £112 3s. 2d. North Line Passengers, 2,015; fares, £416 5s. Id.; goods, £6311(53. Id. Total, £1,372 6s. 3d. THE PBODIGAX PKIITCE.-An exchange has the following:-"TJie Prince's prodigal presents" is the principal cartoon of the current number of Sydney Punch. The Prince is lounging on a chair, and Eliot Yorke is presenting H.E.H. with a copy of the London Times-representiog £3,500 as the amount charged by the Prince for his pre sents on his voyage to these colonies. Punch takes as his text-"Nothing extenuate, nor set down ougkCs in malice.-Siiakspeare. elightly altered by the House of Commons." And tiienhe gives the following:-"Prince-I say, Yorke, here's a nice state of things. I told you to charge for what we really spent-£35, aud you've done it so clumsily that they have mistaken it in England for £3,500. Yorke-My dear Prince, I hope I may never serve you Jess clumsily. Prince-Yes, but two oughts are more than one ought to add to his account, dear boy." ACCIDENT.-On Monday night Mr. J. Blake, of King William-street, drove up from the Bay, where his wife had been removed for the benefit of her health. It was intended that the horse should pass Gouger-street in coming along West- terrace; but the horse turned very shortly round and the spring-cart capsized, so that Mr. and Mrs. Blake were both thrown with great force. Mrs. Blake was bruisedabout the face and blood flowed freely; but although severely shaken, no serious conse quences are apprehended. A crowd collected, and assistance being procured, the vehicle was got right, again, and proceeded on its way. GEM SAND.-A very pretty sample of gem sand from Mottled Bay, northward of Port Lincoln, has been sent to our office, where it may be seen by the curious. SUDDEN DEATH.-On July 3 a native suddenly fell down dead at Kincraig from the bursting of a blood-vessel, and his body was conveyed to Kingston for aboriginal funeral rites. REMUNERATIVE SHEEP-BREEDING.-A Victorian paper lately said:-" As an evidence of what can be done by sheep-farmers, even when ordinary stock is selling so cheap, we may mention that Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, & Co., recently sold for Mr. Alexander Orr, of Paradise Farm, near the Dude Ponds, 103 cross-bred Leicester sheep at from 30s. to 40s. each, averaging 33s. 6d.; seven lambs, same breed, at from 20s. to 25s., averaging 22s. These were kept upon English grasses during the late droughty conclusively proving that sheep of tills description, when well cared .for, are very cmunerative to fanners." KAFDSDA POST-OFFICE.-A transfer of postal and telegraph business from the old to the new premises At Kapunda has at length been posi tively effected. KAFUSDA AND LIGHT AGRICULTURAL SOCJETT. -His Excellency has promised to be present at the Kapunda ploughing match to be held shortly, con ditionally on its taking place the day before or after the Northern Agricultural Society's ploughing match. T THE Amateob DRAMATIC IteFOBMAScm.-The lamateurswereJwai'iewaided fortheirtwwWe i» .presenting themselves a second time before public. :^The audiencewfls certainly »ot se laqpa ! last-night < as on-'®misda^'5Ja!y l, bat far (ft that every part of , 'tlie lions^%as tolerably filled, am* r iBalteir,*wbs; muchmore ^rt fais andtoneddownfaisfoarinBriBmr^ BsalmHt to put themiiut dtinghtfrlf there *till remained taft muchoftheartificiidiuMsBtylejtheeviaeBt fait . he hadt^entb'prepare hiB^art jnust; beregardedj as a sufficient atonemCTt- Sir* Thomas Clifford1 was atrifietoo lachrymose, hut looked and im personated theoharacter well; MissJuno was very effective, aud-Miss Stoneham inone of her happiest moods. -'^pie 'loves"'scenes'%lth" Modns were charmingly ehacted, ' and under the irre sistible influence of bis bewitching enchantress. the philosophical cauan. himself ; thawed much sooner thah he bad -the-week before. Nothing - could have been more appropriate than the kb ' dering of Helen's part. The amateurs not I already alluded-to acted well, and the applause at the conclusion of each act was unbounded. | The musical interlude was .very equally divided between sentimental and comic mdody, there being two specimens of each. " Good-by^ Sweet heart," was made a very lair imitation of tbe Sims Reeves style, and well-deserved the encore in which all parts of the house spontaneously joined. There has not been abetter comic bobs. given at Ike itoyal this season than " lite Baby, ~ unless "John Schmidt," which followed it. Both ? of them exhibited traces of hered itary talent, which many old playgoers recognised with pleasure. Native talent should respect itself more in Hind ley street, and not hide its tight so persistently under a bushel. When let out it. can certainly hold its own against the generality of professional importa tions. The comedietta, which embodies so much genial humour, uuder the happy title of "The Loan of a Lover,3' made an excellent afterpiece. It was played last by Mr. Ooppin's company, with Grevilie for Peter Spyb. Yesterday's Peter was of a different stamp irom Mr. Greville's. It was sfter the Modus fashion, and, in faet, by the same impersonator. This gentleman has advanced far enough in the histrionic art to have a speciality of his own, which itt more than a great many professionals ever attain to. He has outgrown everything artificial or stilted, and his stage manner fits him as well ?& his costume. It is something he has trained him self into until it looks natural to Mm. He;aflected the stolidity and philosophic coolness -of: Peter Spyk as periectly as if these qualities had belonged., to himself. Peter's agitation and jealousy, when. he waB threatened with the loss of Gertrude, were also rendered ludicrous by all the little toadies of by-play which indicate familiarity with stage busi ness. The amateur Peter would in short be a valuable member of the company as a low comedian of the Coppin school. Miss Stoneham played her best m Gertrude, as she had previously been doing in Helen. Such coquetry as hers is an entertain ment in itself. It is of the liveliest and broadest; kind, without being offenske. It retains the charm o£ womanly archness, even when its oddities excite the most irresistible laughter. It is at once natural acting and piquant burlesque. Captain Amersfort was a good military swell, ana as such be was attentively patronised by tbe gods, who encouraged him by asking the address of his hatter, whether he belonged to tbe Ministry, aud so forth. Miss Burton's Ernestine and an anonymous Delve were respectably repre sented. Of Swrzel we caunot speak as acting air alL The gentleman who undertook it had perhaps intended to give a new and original version, for be had altogether neglected to acquaint himself with tbe author's edition. Between two stools he came to the ground, and having no text at all to deliver, save tbe snaos he heard from the prompter, he had to supply its place with very indifferent pantomime. The result was not agreeable to the house nor flattering to the gentleman himself.. He is hardly likely to repeat the experiment, so we may let him pass for this once. The perfor mance concluded at a late hour with a general impression of success. A CONCEALED Eabthquake. - The Gamier Times says:-"'We were surprised to hear this afternoor, for the first time, that a smart shcck of an earthquake was felt in Gawler shortly after 3' a.m. on Wednesday, 1st inst. The information was given us on good authority, and we understand theshockwasfelt byseveralpersonsindifferentparts of the town. It was accompanied by a loud subter ranean rumbling noise, and the usual vibratory wavelike motion, proceeding, as on two farmer occasions, from a north-easterly to a south- westerly direction. We caunot explain how it is that those who felt the shock should not have made it known. before." GOLD-Cbushikg AT BAEOSSA.-We have already given the result of the first crushing of gold bearing cement by the new machiney at Yatta We now subjoin particulars from the Gawler Times:-"This week we have to chronicle the result of the first crushing of cement by the pioneer crushing-machine, belonging to Messrs. 6. and H. Britcher. The result is such as to set the matter at rest respecting the payableness of the cement. Thecement was from theclaimof Morgan, Hulbert, and party; the weight, 5 tons 6 cwfc. crushed-the yield, 19 ounces of gold. From 8 tons raked from tbe claim, 2 tons 14 cwt. of wash-stuff was obtained, which yielded 14} ozs.; total from the 8 tons of cement, 33J ozs. One of the parties has sold his interest in the claim for .£50. The tables are said to answer admirably, not an atom of quicksilver or gold was lost,. On Thursday the seveu stampers were at work satisfactorily. , Matthews and party realized good results from their last week's work, even with the loss of time incurred in pounding the cement with hammers. Uoltenius, Harris, aud party obtained over 3 ozs. from three small loads. Springbett and Button obtained 28 ozs. from 129 buckets of stuf£ inde pendent of the hopperings. On Wednesday this - party washed 30 buckets ot stuff, and obtained one pound weight of gold. The prospecting claim is believed to be almost equally rich. There is so doubt tbat many claims will figure well as soon as the Etuil can be subjected to the persuasive power of the crusher, the haid nature of the cement ren dering it almost impossible to obtain the gold by liand-crushing. This was the case with the first hole sunk by Springbett sod Button, no wash-stuff being obtainable. There is every probability that a greater thickness of the cement than has hitherto been takeu will be found at least payable. Some very good :-pecimens were obtained this week from a claim west of the prospectors, on Victoria HilL We hare seen specimens taken from a claim adjoining Maithews's, where scarcely any gold can be obtained by washing. Several rusnes have taken place during the past week- two to Goddaitl's Cement Hill. Hatch and party obtained 6 dwts. to 10 tubs of stuff on Wednesday. Another - party obtained gold in several trials from some stuff thrown away at the mouth of a forsaken shaft. A rush is taking plaie to the hill on the opposite side of the Moonta Gull}*, and another near the Yalta. There are many prospecting par ties out trying the country in various directions. It is to be hoped they will meet with success. We omitted to mention in last week's report that & quantity of gold (nearly 5.ozs.) was exhibited at the camp, on the occasion of His .Excellency*# visit-, by Mr. Sobels, which had been purchased the previous week. Our Wesleyan brethren in Gawler have decided upon erecting a place of worship here, which may be used as a Sabbath school, and any other kindred object. It will be available for other evangelical denominations - when not required for themselves." TEtsrrr Chorch Inccmbssct.-The second meeting of seatholders at Trinity Church, to elect & successor to the late Deau Farrell, was held in the schoolroom on Friday evening; July 9, Dr. Wyatt, one of the trustees, occupying the chair. There was a fair attendance of members. Four eaadi dates had keen named for the vacancy-the Sera. W. W. Ewbank. Richardson Beid, J. Leslie Smith, and Archdeacon Iwopeny. Voting-papers had been distributed amongst the seatholdeiB prior to the meeting and the scrutiny showed the following results:-Rev. R. Beid, 228 votes; Archdeacon Twopeny, 6ti; Rev. W. W. Ewbank. 16: and Kev. J. 11 Smith, nil. The trustees inti mated their intention of presenting Mr. Beid and' advising the Bishop of Adelaide that he had been chosen. Votes of thanks were passed to tbe trustees-Drs. Mayo and Wyatt-for delegating their right of election to the congregation, merely reserving to themselves the power of veto; and to the Wardens for the excellent arrangements they had made; and the proceedings closed in the usual way. THE REV. F. BYRNE.-The Catholics of Kaptmda are about presenting to the Rev. F. Byrne a hand some chalice and a purse of sovereigns, as a memento of their esteem and an acknowledg ment of his services amongst them. GAS FOB KAPOSI)a.-Operations are proceeding rapidly for the supply of gas to Kapunda, and intending customers are directed to get their fittings teady without delay. GTJICHEN BAT NEWS.-The people at Guicfcen Bay are expecting Messrs. Lascelles and Wilkie by the next Penola. They perform -at Bobe Insti tute on the 15th, when a great treat is expected. Thence they proceed to Kingston, Narracoorte^ Penola, and Mount Gambier. THE ADELAIDE RIVES TBADE WITH Queens land.-The jRocIcJiampton Bulletin, in referring to the encroachments of South Australians on the trck-country trade of Southern Queenland, says "Even Brisbane, if it Bhould cany out its pet scheme of an extension to Roma, will hare a hard battle to fight to holdits ground. If Adelaide can land goods once in three years, by the Darling, at Fort Bourke, for £10 per. ton, which would cost £i0 from Sydney, the country on t&* Warrego, the Paroo, and' even the Thomson andBarcoo, may draw their supplies from there after , a time. The Baicoo; appears on themap fifty miles nearer to Fort Bourke thanto Rock hamptou. The Darling River is seldom navigable, but once in three years would suffice to store immense quantities of-goods at Fort Bourke. Bockhampton is better situated than either Bris bane, Sydney, or Adelaide to command this back country trade at the heads of the Warrego. Paroo. and Thomson; but our Toads will long prove a drawback. Brisbane will push ahead tier railwaya to the west, and we shall De left to pick up wnat we can. The extension-qf our railway LoGainfwd is a necessary meaosto extend our traffic into tbe interior, and" even to retain what we bare at present. It is bad enough that Oalby should'suc cessfully compete with usv but when Adelaide goes in to wrn, it becomes rather too good s joke.1* TBE BalmobaIi MiNa--Specimen8 of copper ores of' various descriptions of different' jtt* I centages from the Balmoral Mine in the ftr ? North were exhibited on -"Change yesterday. 