DRAPER MEMORIAL CHURCH. The very elegant and commodious Draper Memorial Church, Gilbert-street has so far approached completion that the opening services were conducted on Sunday. December 27. Unlike oiner parts oi Adelaide, tne south side is striKingly deficient in ecclesiastical edifices, and it was to provide greater facilities for public worship than had previously existed that this church was built The denomination with which it is connected is sanguine of its being sufficiently well situated and convenient to ensure the regular attendance of a large congregation. Its lofty spire and general proportions make it a very conspicuous object in thia quarter of the city, and although the scaffolding is still up, enough can be seen of the exterior to judge favourably of the appearance of the structure, its durability and adaptability to the purposefor which it is intended. As we have already intimated, it has not yet left the builder's hands, a considerable amount of work having still to be finished outside. In consequence of this, the usual tea and public meeting in connection with the opening will not take place till after the annual Wesleyan Conference in February next The in terior of the building, first exposed to the public eaze on Sunday, r 11 pass criticism unscathed, it being lofty, reomy, and well lighted through stained windows by day and with gas at night. The acoustic properties were found unexception able, the voice easily filling all parts of the edifice, even to the gallery, devoted to the choir and Sun day-school children. Subjoined is the description of the building given by us on the occasion of the laying of the foundation-stone, which, it may be remembered, took place on October 15, 1SJS7:— ' The general style of the building is first pointed or early English carried out in hard stone rubble, with freestone dressings. The main entrance is in the centre of the front and through the tower, which is within the line of the front Above the roof the tower is diminished by weatherings to the bellchamber, to which there is a large triplet louvred opening on each of the four faces the tower, surmounted by a gablet Above the wllchamber the buildinz is finished bv an octa gonal spire rising to a height of 12 ) feet from the street level. The front and flanks are enriched by buttresses, pinnacles, and engaged shafts, with foliated capitals and corbels. The front doorway and large centre window over are enriched with shafts, mouldings, and toothed ornament There is a large schoolroom at present close to the rear of the site, which influenced the arrange ment of the building so far as the adapting of the space on the ground floor on each side of the tower for rooms to be used for a time as vestries, while the spaces in the gallery over these rooms are seated for children of the Sunday, school The gallery projects three pews beyond the inner face of the tower, and the centre portion of this part will be occupied oy the choir. The ceiling, which is flat in the centre and sloped a little at the sides, is divided into compartments by moulded ribs, with bosses at the intersections, and has a cornice at the side walls. The middle compartments have each a large perforated flower in the centre, opening to a shaft communicating with dormers on each side of the roof, and the ventilation can be regulated at pleasure from one of the vestry rooms. The fronts .of the pulpit plat form, and gallery will be iron-work of Gothic design. The fittings are of cedar, and the church will be seated to accommodate 576 persons. The whole of the work, exclusive of the fence, is con tracted for by Mr. W. Bundey, of North Ade laide, at £4.237. The architect is Mr. James Gumming.' The Rev. J. G. Millard (First Adelaide Circuit) preached in the morning from the 84th Psalm, 1st and 10th verses— 'How amiable are Thy tabernacles, O Lord of Hosts. For a day in thy courts is better than a thousand. I had rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my God than to dwell in the tents of wickedness.' There was a large attendance. Mr. Millard, at the commencement of his address, remarked that it must be a matter of deep interest to many that such a promising addition to the public places of worship in Adelaide had been made. The public sanctuary was an important appendage to religious worship, and from a very early date much was said in the inspired writings concerning it. Wise men and kings had taken part in ceremonials appertaining to the public sanctuary, and thought the honour more than regal. On the dedication of these sanctuaries to their holy purpose, God vouchsafed His presence by sending down fire from heaven to consume the sacrifice on the altar, and filling it with His visible glory. The public sanctuary was as desirable and useful under the Christian economy as under the Mosaic dispensa tion. The text he said, suggested the three following distinct heads; — First the public sanctuary considered as the material house of God; secondly, its uses and excellency; and, thirdly, the sentiments and feelings with which it should be regarded. After enlarging upon these heads, he observed that the edifi.-e had been named after the Rev. Mr. Draper, but it was not to be supposed that anything was in tended bordering on mere ministerial idolatry. Those who had enjoyed the inestimable advantage of hearing and knowing Mr. Draper would have predicted tint he was capable of meeting with the glorious end which he experienced. The only parallel to the glorious death of Mr. Draner that he had been able to. find was that of Lord Molesworth, described in Dr. Smith's 'History of Methodism.' Those who were acquainted with Mr. Draper would see that a fitting memorial had been erected to his memory. In conclusion, he appealed to those present to give liberal y towards the Building Fund ; and to furnish some idea as' to what was required of them in this respect he mentioned that tne contract amounted to £4,237, to which had to be added about £150 for extras, raising the total sum to £4.3S7. Towards this they had raised, by subscriptions promised last year and nearly all paid. £1,050; by collections at the opening, £120; and bv the two bazvars, £1.290-makingatotal of £2,370; leaving a debit balance of about £2,000, which he hoped they would energetically try to reduce. The Bev, F. W. Co* (Hindmarsh-3quare Con* gregational Church) discoursed in the afternoon to a somewhat smaller audience from Second Chronicles, 6th chapter and 18th verse: — 'But will God in very deed dwell with men on the earth? Behold, heaven and the heaven of heavens cannot contain Thee; how much less this house which I have built' In commencing his address, Mr. Cox dwelt upon the circumstances which had called forth the prayer of Solomon, of which the text formed a part. The temple of Jerusalem, which was one of the wonders of the world, was then nearly completed. All religions had the prevailing desire for some manifestation of the Deity— some recomition of His dwelling-place. This desire was evidenced by the temples of India and iyrypt the vast edifices of the East and the meaner structures of the South Sea Islanders. The sentiment in tbe text respecting the insufficiency of heaven to con tain God reminded them of the instinct to look upward in search of the Throne of the Almighty. Here too they obeyed this instinctive feeling, and viewed the cerulean expanse with the solemn awe excited by tbe belief of its being the seat of the majesty of God. The Bev. William L. Binks (Chairman of the District) officiated in the evening. There was a crowded congregation, all parts of the milding, including the gallery, being densely throngecl. Mr. Binks chose as his text 1 Thess. i., part of the 5th verse— 'For our Gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost and in much assurance.' In the first place, he directed attention to the way in which the Word was preached to the Thessaloniaus : and. secondly, the manner in which they received it In the course of a powerful and eloquent dis course, Mr. Binks gave an exhaustive account of the fact3, and then proceeded to improve the occa sion by a practical application of them to his hearers. The collections throughout the day amounted in the aggregate to £37 43. 2d. The opening services in connection with the Church were continued on Sunday, January 3. The Rev. G. W, Patchell preached in tbe morning from Isaiah vL, v. 1 and 2. to a good congregation. The Rev. A. Rigg officiated in the afternoon, when there was a moderately large attendance. The text was chosen from Isaiah lxv.. v. 1. There was a crowded congregation in the evening, when the Rev. S. Knight discoursed from Timothy iv., v. IB. The collections throughout the day realized £VK which, added to the sum raised the previous Sabbath, swelled the total proceeds of the opening services to about £57. The bazaar in aid of this church building fund closed on Saturday evening, December 19. The receipts for the three days amounted to about £100. which, with the proceeds of the bazaar held for the same object - some time ago, swelled the total amount to about £1,2(10. On Monday even ing a lecture was delivsied in the Pirie-street Lec ture Hall by Captain A. Louttit of the St Vincent on Tennyson's 'Enoch Atden.' There was a crowded attendance. Mr. Jas. Scott occupied the chair, in the.unavoidable absence of the Commis sioner of-Public Works (Hon. J. Colton). Captain iouttit read a laree portion of Tennyson's very -ea-itiful poem in illustration of the salient mci lents, and its most prominent features were illus ;rated by gigantic dissolving views projected on a icreen reaching nearly to the roof of the building md broad in proportion. The views were remark ibly clear and distinct and were very successfully managed. Captain Louttit' s rendering of the poem was that of an appreciative admirer of the Poet jaureate, the true spirit and meaning of the author being caught and intelligently pourtrayed. The proceedings, which were enlivened at intervals by the excellent harmonium instrumentation of Mr. VV*. B. Chinner, closed with hearty votes of thanks to the lecturer and Chairman. 