"THESE DOGGED SPIES WITH 'FALSE REPORTS.'" -KINO JOHN, IV,, 1. THE Parkes episode in our political history naturally and properly resulted in Mr. John Stewart's rejected report. Of course be who had affirmed what has kept the country for seven months in a state of unexampled excitement who has filled society with apprehen sions as miserable as his statements were false- who has opened a campaign of religious strife of which no one can see the end while all denounce the object-of course, he could not now affirm that no conspiracy existed, and that he never affirmed that it did. And it was right and fitting that such a man as he who presentod the report to the Committee should have done so-that the fellow who is for ever denouncing the public benefactors of the country sneering at the servico of dead patriots and insulting living ones-the poor buffoon of an Assembly upon which , wit would bo as much thrown away as 'oloqncncQ-that Mr. John Stewart j should father Mr. Parkes' production. The document in assertion, in argument, and impudence, is worthy of its parent, and its sponsor. It commences thus iniits statements- . 1\. It lias not been proveiY before your; Committee that any conspiracy for the pur poses of treason and assassination has existed > in tills country. Nor has any evidence been ! produced to show that it was ever alleged by a former Colonial Secretary that any such .conspiracy existed. So that the whole pross of the colony, "its Legislature, and its people, have boon under the gross delusion sinco August of last year that "a former Colonial Secretary " had solemnly as serted and as solomnly reiterated tho assertion that such conspiracy did exist, and that tho Treason Felony Bill was rendered necessary in consequence. This is all a lio. It is Mr. Parkes who has been slandered-not us. It is against him that a damnable conspiracy has been formed-not against the Duko of Edinburgh. Mr. Parkes has been the victim of the plot of some who had scandalous and lying language at tributed to him that ho never used or dreamt of using. He never uttered a word against the loyalty of the colony, add yet for seven months a libel not hj but of him has convulsed tho country \--filled its. press-occupied its Legis lature-been in tho mouths of every' man, woman, and child here-and been mocked and laughed at in every other part of the world. The almost univer sal condemnation of our papers-the reprehension of tho entire press of Victoria-the scornful incredulity of the best papers in England of our guilt -all these have been invoked and ex cited by the brutal calumny that Parkes spoko what it was alleged ho spoke, and what ho never denied he spohaup to this monient. But, says Stewart-the heavy Highlander - tho wearisome :' wut' of Parliament-the chivalrous assailant of dead reputations and help less clergymen-whoso walking canes are harmless It has never been alleged by a former Colonial Secretary that any suck- conspiracy ?existed. , ' 1 Is not this a nice state of things ? When,, on Tuesday, the 15tli Decern! box', 1868, Mr. Macleay moved for the appointment of his Committee to " in quire into and report' upon the existi enco of a conspiracy for tho purposes of treason and assassination, alleged by a former Colonial Secretary to have subsisted in this country," Mr. Parkes addressed the House. Did he then dare to hint that ho had beon misre ported, that he never had alleged what tho Committee were about to enquire into ? But after all, tho most fitting sequel to tho whole of this dreadful business is contained in paragraph 6 of Mr. Stewart's report No proof has beon offered that it was ever alleged as a fact by any person that one or more of a baud of conspirators had been murdered, So that Parkes has, ovon in this, boon tho victim of a fiendish plot to fasten upon bim and his roputation for ever tho Kiama spirit-to bind his political character to a corpse-to per secute him with a ghost. After this, Mr. Punch wants to be assured of two or three things--. I 1\. Is thero a man narnod Parlcos alivo, oi" has thoro ever been "sacli a man ? . _,': - ~ 2. Is there, in this or any othor country, a place called Kiatna ? 3\. Is truth dead and buried and cursed for ever in this place ? -Sydney Punch. 