THE FRENCH EMPIRE AND ELECTIONS. (Die jVeue Freie Presse—Vienna, May 30.) " The riot is no longer in the streets, it is entering the Chamber of Deputies. The call for insurrec - tion comes from the orator's bench. . , . . It is battle, the last and bitterest battle, which is beginning between tbe ' Red Cap' and the Imperial throne The game seems to be easy to play and splendid to win, if the hand does not tremble,— if we remember Boulogne, Strasbourg, and the days of December. The Empire holds its fate in its band. With a little courage, it is saved for ever; with a little weakness it is lost for ever." In these words the Pays passes judgment on the elections. In them speaks out the whole range, the whole brutal policy of M. Granier de Cassagnac, who for years has made it the task of his life tobe more imperial than the Emperor. He spits poison and gall, he wishes for bayonets, fighting in the streets, and fusillading, in order that all agitation for freedom maybe stifled in blood. He remains always equal to himself, and deserves the judgment which a Paris correspondent of the Independance passes on him- Granier de Cassagnac has been re-elected. I regard that as the heaviest blow which the human understanding and public honour have received during the late elections. This pitiful satellite of Bonapartisin is enraged that the French people has given a sign of life, that the spirit of 1789 has not long ago died out and been for- I gotten, In his zeal to bespatter and befoul, he overrates the . - fpoiver \- . . , of the Oppositiou. and his evil conscience, wmcli represents to him the consequeuces which a collapse of the Empire ; would bring on him, couiirms him in this view. Thus he falls into a visionary condition, something lite Jeanne d'Arc on her departure from home M, Granier hears in his mind the signals which the firing of the Chassepots agaiust the democrats of Paris give, and he smells blood and corpses and he rejoices. The little carrion-beetle of Csesarism overshoots the mark. As yet the condition of France has not become such that a collision between parties is imminent. The people of M, Cassagnac's stamp may wish for this, because they are convinced that any attempt at insurrection would'at present be choked in a fearful massacre, because they do not doubt for a moment of the victory of the Empire which understands how to triumph in street fights. But the adversaries are no less prudent. They are not mistaken as to the superiority the Empire still possesses, and they do not wish to give it an occasion, by an unsuccessful revolution, to play again the part of the saviour of society. They hold the masses back more than they excite them ; and they prudently defer the struggle which one day must be fought out. The Government does not participate in the views of its hot-blooded partisans. Napoleon III. clearly at present wishes to avoid bloodshed, and may have given particular instructions to the officials in this respect, for they show themselves, contrary to their usual habit, extraordinarily humane. The disturbances which took place in a number of towns on account of the elections were much more serious and disqaieting than the little tumults of the 12th and 13th of May in Paris. Still, the authorities nowhere displayed that brutality which they had shown a fortnight before in Paris. Even in Saint- Etienne, where the tumult nearly resembled an insurrection, and had a decidedly Republican character, the authorities observed remarkable moderation. Thousands of men streamed through the streets to the tune of the " Marseillaise," tne windows of the Jesuit College were broken in, policemen and soldiers were wounded with stones, the cries of "Long Live the Red !" and " 'Long Live the Republic !" resounded on all sides, and nevertheless, the representatives of the law contented themselves with loading quickly within sight of the crowd, and clearing the squeres with cavalry. Evidently bloodshed was avoided, they wanted no struggle, while a fortnight before they sought it intentionally- Herein the influence of the elections is already shown. We have not altered the opinion »e expressed some days ago, we do not think that great danger threatens the Empire by the increasing Opposition, but we admit that Napoleon is startled by the results which the genuine Republicans have attained. Napoleon is like Macbeth, aud the Republic like Banquo. The Emperor of the French sees the Republicans rise from the ballotboxes , with the same feelings as Macbeth saw BanquD'a ghost sit on the throne. It is nnpleasant when the dead come to life. They cannot tear off the crown one has boldly put on his head, but they are horribly inconvenient. Caesar shudders at this remembrance of past acts, and cries, " Avaunt! avaunt!" Bat the chosen Republicans have the fatal quality of not disappearing like Bonquo's ghost, but will plant themselves in the Chamber, and daily and hourly refer to the act of the 2nd of December. It is easy to understand why Napoleon gets nervous. 