THE UNBOLTED DOOR. An aged widow eat alone Bcsldo lier narrow hearth ; Her silent cottage never heard Tho ringing laugh of mirth. ., Six children onco liad sported thcro, but uow the churchyard snow Fell softly on flvellttlo groves that were riot long ago. She mourned them ult with patient love, But since lier eyes had shed Far bitterer tears than those which dewed The faces of the dead. Tho child which had been spared to her, lier darling aud her pride. The woeful mother lived to wish that she hod also died I Those little oues beneath thc snow, Not lost but gone before ; Faith taught her all was well with them. And then the pang was o'er ; Hut when she thought where Katie was, she saw thc city's glare. The painted mask of bitter joy which Need gives Sin to wear. Without the snow was thick and willie, No step had fallen there ; Within slio sat beside her fire, Each thought a silent prayer, When suddenly, behind her seat, unwonted noise «ho heard, As though a hesitating hand the rustic latch had stirred. She turned und thcro tho wanderer stood, ' With snowflakes on her hair, A faded woman, wild and worn, Tho ghost of something fair. And then upon tho mauler's neck the withered brow was . laid, ' . " Con God and you forgive mc all? for I havo sinned,' she sold. The widow dropped upon her knees, Before the fading tire, And thanked tile Lord, whose loving hand Bad granted her desire. The daughter kneeled beside her too, tears streaming from her oyo«, v And prayed. " God holp me to be good to mother ere aha .dies!" . . They ilid not talk about the sin, ? ; ? ? Tho shame, tho bitter woo : They spoke about those little graves, And things ot long ago. , And then the daughter raised her eyes, and said in tender tone, " Why did you keep your door unbarred when you were quito alono i" . . ; . , " My child," tho widow sold, and smiled A smile of love and pain : *' I kept it so lest you should conic, And turn away again : ? I've waited for you all the while-a mother's love ls true ; Yet is it but thu shadowy type of His who died for you I'' 