SYDNEY GOSSIP. [FROM OUR OWN COR.RESPONDENT.] Wednesday, April 28. ONCE upon a time, and not long ago, there flourished, or vegetated, in the lively city of Newcastle, at the mouth of the River Hunter, a weekly newspaper of diminutive propor- tions, the conductor of which appeared to be in a constant state of trepidation at the immense weight of responsibility resting upon his shoulders as thunder-manufacturer for the journal in question. I remember that on one occasion he delivered himself to something like the following effect:—"We are never more deeply-impressed with the responsibility of the task imposed upon us than when we sit down to prepare our sum- mary article for the English mail." Now, this poor man, who seemed to be under the impression that the eyes of Europe were upon him and his leaders, was not more filled with awe and apprehension at his position, than I am in approaching, for the first time, the poople of Wagga Wagg. That dim, mys- terious region lived in my memory first from a belief, founded upon sundry paragraphs and rumours, that its river was haunted by a Bunyip, of vagrant habits and late hours, which Bunyip, if it did not, like the ghost of Herne the hunter, "Walk all night round a tree, and shake a chain, In a most hideous and dreadful manner," did, nevertheless, alarm and terrify the traveller by night by splashing in the water, bellowing like a calf, and indulging in other uncivilised and disorderly proceedings. Then when I endeavoured to find out something about the Murrumbidgee River itself, I could get no other information but what was con- veyed in a sportive effusion by a local poet, which I read in one of the Southern papers a few years ago, and which imitates the "Groves of Blarney" after the following fashion : "Oh the Murrumbidgee, sure its a pity, Some famous city a'nt on its shores; Where ship and houses might bring in thousands And streets be crowded with merchant's stores." You will perceive that the rhyming is slightly, very slightly, defective; but the noble patriotism of the aspiration makes up for a host of small foibles. So my impressions have remained until this time ; and now I am called upon to realise. Wagga Wagga ! Phoebus, what a name ! The very sound of it is suggestive of such an amount of waggery on the part of the people as would sufiice, if fired upon the small craft which I am now about to launch, to sink it, "full fathom five," in much less time than it took the Keersage to settle the business of the Alabama. But never mind. Couragio ! I will trust to the generosity of the people towards a green hand, and to your skilful pilotage ; so here goes. Imprimis, I have to inform you that Lord Belmore is still Governor of New South Wales. His Excellency has just returned from the Hunter district, where he has been delivering a speech, forty-five minutes in du- ration, the subtance of which was so good that people are beginning to arrive at the conclusion that they had underrated Lord Belmore's ability. The occasion was the Agricultural and Horticultural show at Maitland, and his Excellency, in responding to the toast of his health, made some very sensible and practical remarks with reference to water supply, irrigation and kindred sub- jects. He related an anecdote of some gentle- man high in political station, who, at an agricultural society in the mother country, ventured to fly out of his usual limits, and expressed an opinion respecting the care and management of sheep, for which he got snub- bed by a veteran sheep-farmer, who told him pretty plainly that he knew nothing about it. So Lord Belmore said that he would not run a similar risk, and therefore confined himself to matters of tube wells, extensive dams, and above all to the interesting sub- ject of the effect which the cutting down of the timber on the ranges has in putting a stop to the attraction which had before drawn the rain-clouds down. This is now a well-established fact, and I remember some months ago reading a lecture in which abun- dant proofs were given, and amongst others the case of the famous Mehemet Ali, Viceroy of Egypt, who, wanting to raise the wind, cut down all the trees on Mount Lebanon and shipped them off for sale, in consequence of which a before fertile district became dry and arid; so that latterly the process of planting young saplings all over the mountain was being rapidly carried on. It is very desirable that people in the bush should study these matters. Talking of Agricultu- ral Associations, our grand Intercolonial Exhibition opens next Tuesday at Alfred Park, Redfern. It will be the gayest thing of the kind that has over been in the colony, and no effort is being spared to give eclat to it. The prices are "highly aristocratic" ten shillings admission to the exhibition, twenty-one shillings to the members' dinner, twenty-one shillings to the gentlemen's ball, and ten shillings and six'pence for ladies. There is, however, to be a shilling day to the exhibition. I don't know whether you have any good fat civil service sinecurists up in your quarter, but if so, they may look out for squalls. I am not one of thoso who have what is called a "down" on " sweIIs," having been some- thing in that line myself in my day ; and I warn you that I am not the sort of person to throw my arms round a fellow's neck, and call him a man and a brother, merely because he has a patch on his trousers. I like a little refinement and luxury as well as anybody, but I do conscientiously believe that the civil ser- vice of this colony wants pruning. Whether or not, the thing will be done for certain, and by cutting down all the departments, the ways and means will be provided for, instead of imposing any now taxation, which will not be done. No one need imagine that I am merely guessing this ; just wait and see. I fully expect that somewhere near £100,000 will be struck off the existing estimates. Mr. Mort's freezing process has melted. At the meeting of the Committee, yesterday, the hon. C. Cowper in the chair, a letter from Mr. Mort was read, stating that, in consequence of the delays and difficulties that had beset him, he thought that the money subscribed, about £2,500, should be returned. The Committee resolved not to do this with out waiting a little longer ; but I think that the scheme may be regarded as permanently knocked on the head. The iced beef project was a nice one enough, but, for my part, I never had the slightest faith in it; nor do I now think that the colony has such an abundance of stock to spare as has been sup- posed. I know that the slightest continu- ance of unfavourable weather sends up the price of beef and mutton in Sydney most alarmingly, and even the redoubtable Phil. McCarroll has to adopt a sliding scale on such occasions. If the news be true, which we have by telegram this morning, there will be a further drain of stock to the north, for a rush of hungry diggers will soon cat up all the bullocks at Carpentaria. It is said that gold was being brought in to thc Norman River by pounds weight. , You will see tho telegram in this day's Empire.., ; Mr. Ronny lias been crowned Mayor of Sydney, vice. Moore, abdicated. Th'e'hew Mayor afterwards took oiit his alderiuanic frionds to his new estate, which he calls St. athfield3 y3, because, I bel e»e,: he riej'er had any thing to do with tha Duke of WolliiigT ton; and there, slander says, soma of tho worshipful body got screwed. What malicious reports'will not envy originate ! Sporting men are on tho qui vive for tho Randwick Races to-morrow-tliy ' " Cup Day," and I suspect that some'money jvill "chango hands" on the occasion;- as,well through the exertions of the pockot-book and porfceinonnaie "makors" as through those of tho sporting bookmakers. Ninety-nine years ago, this very day, Captain Cook entered Botany Bay in the Endeavour. If he hadn't come at all, what would have happened ? I leave your readers till next week to solve this knotty question ; remarking, in the meantime, that though my; yarn next Wed- nesday may be quite as heavy as this, it shall not be so long. 