THE TURKISH BATH IN BRISBANE. COMPARATIVELY few of our citizens seem to be aware of the luxury now placed within their reach by the establishment of the above baths. Indeed, long as Turkish baths have been known in the old country, there seemß to be a very considerable amount of misapprehension on the part of the general public as to their value and importance as well as to the modus operandi and the effects which are produoed. There is a vague idea among many that the bather is either baked or par-boiled under great agony, then put through some other mysterious process equally painful, and at last, when endu rance has reached its utmost limit, he is relieved, placed on a sofa in a cool room, and fancies himself better than before he entered the bath. In order to remove any false impressions which may have been formed on the subject by persons who have not as yet ventured into the bath "to see what it is like," we propose giving a very plain and circumstantial account of the whole process, from first to last, as it is performed at the baths in Albert-street. In the first place, then, the bather, on entering from the street, is shown into a large room on the second floor, mostly occupied by couches, but having at the farther end a row of small closets. The attendant puts into his hand a sheet and a canvas apron, very much the size and pattern of those worn by Freemasons and Odd-fellows on gala days and important occa sions, and shows him into one of these cells, where there is just room, and hardly, for a moderate-Bized man to undress. Having per formed this operation, tied on the apron, wrapped the sheet round him after the manner that ghosts are said to do, and put on a pair of slippers, he is conducted down stairs into a little dark room that smells warm and vapory, but not disagreeably so. The sheet and slippers are left at the door, and then the process of bathing commences. Frst, the attendant reaches forth an apparatus like the " rose" of an enormous watering-tin used by gar deners, which is connected to the wall by an indiarubber tube, a tap is turned and you are "watered" from head to foot with luke warm water, which feels very nice and agree able. After a couple of minutes or bo the attendant gives you a Turkish towel to carry in your hand, and a pair of wooden clogs in which you stick your feet, and he then leads you into another room, which you at once perceive is decidedly warmer than the first one, to say the least of it. After the first " sniff," however, it is not uncomfortable, providing you keep your feet safely and firmly in the clogs, put the towel under you when you sit down, and fake care that no part of your bare flesh touches anything—if it does you are aware of the fact in a moment, and feel an almost irresistible im pulse to indulge in strong language. A bench runs round three sides of this room, and on this you take your seat, and if thirsty at all, or perspiration does not commence at once, you drink of cold water. Before you have been in the room many minutes, however, you are cer tain to break out into a most profuse perspiration, after which you feel so particularly cool and easy that you are astounded, on look ing at the thermometer hanging on the wall, to see it stand at 150 degrees, and make up your mind at once that it could be raised another 50 degrees or so without any inconvenience. There is a wooden lounge some thing in the shape of an enormous letter " N," with the feet pulled out very wide, on the flue on one side the room. Taking your towel and carefully arranging it on this lounge, so as to shield you from touching the bare wood in any part, you lie down for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour in the most blissful state of com posure, thinking about nothing in particular, and contemplating with much complacency the huge beads of perspiration that are bursting out from every pore and saturating the to *el under you. At length the attendant comes in and takes you^back again to the room you fint entered, lays you on a broad bench at full stretch and commences kneading you all over; rubs his knuckles down your spine, down your arms, legs, and chest; pulls your joints until they crack; and, in fact, makes very free with you altogether; but having a soft hand and a deft manipulation there is nothing about the process which is in the slightest degree painful. After that he gives you a very smart rubbing all over with the | palms of his hands. Then he produces a pair of flesh brushes and soap, and repeats the rubbing with increased vigor, until you are enveloped in a thick white lather as though you were one enormous chin about to be operated upon by the ! barber. Then the " rose "is brought again into play, and the lather quickly disappears in a shower of warm water. After that you get off the bench and stand in a place pointed out by the attendant who turns a handle, and down comes a deluge of beautifully cold water, which you enjoy amazingly for a few minutes. You then step out, dry yourself with a towel, resume your slippers and sheet, walk up stairs and lie down on one of the couches for half an hour or so, and then dress, feeling a new man altogether, and convinced, from the appearance of your ekin, that you are cleaner than you ever remember to have seen yourself before. All lassitude has left you, the " prickly heat" eveu, has disappeared under that rubbing and brushing and soaping, and as you walk ! out into the open air the weather seems to have got decidedly cooler during the hour and a-half you have spent in the establishment. A " bad cold," rheumatics, or any affections of that kind, must be very " bad" indeed if they are not driven away at the first bath, while the most obstinate cannot hold out against many, provided they are taken methodically and at stated intervals. Whether as a medicinal agent, therefore, or merely as a simple, health- fvd, and invigorating luxury, the Turkish bath is admitted on all hands to be of the utmost ralue, and we trust that Dr. Smith will not hare cause to repent haying introduced it into Brisbane. 