ETHIOPIAN CONCERT AT SORELL .—A concert was given by the Amateur Christy Minstrels from Hobart Town, at Featherston's Rooms, Sorell, on Tuesday evening. The room was well filled, and the singing excellent, the company being in capital voice. The songs most worthy of mention were, Mother Dear, by Banjo ; Linkum Gunboat, Tambo ; Blue-eyed Nelly, Violin; Away she went, Bones; and Kiss But Never Tell, Jingles, The witicisms of Bones and Tambo were very good, and caused much laughter. After the interval, a concertina solo was played with great taste, and the " nervous cures" of bones and Tambo convulsed the house with roars of laughter. At the close of the negro entertainment several songs were sung by the lady and gentlemen amateurs, residents of Sorell, Mrs Fitzsimmons presiding at the pianoforte. As a wind up, a ball took place, and dancing was kept up until daylight. EUBOPKAN ASSURANCE COMPANY.—The following circular, addressed by the managing director in Melbourne to the shareholders, has been handed to us:— "In the absence of any information from the London Board of the failure of the European Assurance Society, or of any probability of its failure, the Local Directors of the Melbourne Branch have felt themselves placed in circumstances of much embarrassment in dealiug with its affairs, in consequence of the publication of a telegram announcing the suspension of payments by the Society, confirmed lo some extent by private telegrams and letters communicated by the recipients to the Directors. They have felt it their dnty to submit a statement of the circumstances attending their position to counsel, and I now enclose you a copy of the questions asked and of counsel's reply. They are of opinion they have no alternative but to be guided by such advice. The Board cannot ^ttcici pate the confirmation of this intelligence of the unlooked-for downfall of the Society, without a keen sense {of disappointment at such a termination of thoir efforts on its behalf in these . colonies, aud much sympathy with those who, like themselves, have trusted to its stability ; and looking to the names from time to time associated with its Loudon Directory, they are so entirely at a Joss to reconcile rhe truth of the intelligence reaching the coiony by telegram, with the honesty and candour they are entitied to expect in their correspondence with the Chief Office, that they anxiously await the arrival of the ensuing mail, with some hope that it wiil disclose a more favourable aspect of affairs than the present public intelligence would indicate." The opinions referred to are that the Local Board shouid discontinue the business of the Society as far as they can, until further information is obtained; and that the policyholders in Victoria have no preferential claim upon the funds invested there. THE HOSIER.—'William G. Elliston, Esq., is the magistrate whose name is on the roster for duties at the Police Court this morning. EOVAI. SOCIEIT.—'1'he monthly evening meeting of the Eello«-s will be held at the Museum on Tuesday evening next, at half-past seven o'clock. After the usual routine business, which will terminate at eight o'clock, a microscopical exhibition wiil be held. All possessors of high class microscopes, whether Fellows of the Society or otherwise, are invited to attend this meeting, and bring their instruments, with any new apparatus or objec's they may be able to exhibit. Every Fellow is allowed to introduce two ladies. MK DOVME—The following paragraph appears in a recent issne of the Argus:—•• The new Governor of Western Australia, Mr Weld, seems likely to prove a vigorous administrator. Though it is only a few weeks since he entered upon the discharge of his duties, heis already actively engaged in the planning out of important public works, aud has invited Air Doyne, civil engineer of this city, to proceed to Western Australia, and assist him, Mr Weld, with his professional advice. The contemplated works include river and harbour improvements, and also railways or tramroads. Mr Weld thinks it probable that Western Australia will prove a very important settlement by and by, though there is not much stir in it just now. It possesses valuable resources, and among these he includes auriferous deposits, which ha.ve only to be properly worked to prove remunerative. We understand that Mr Doyne intends to visit the western colony, in compliance" with His request.'' [If the Governor of Western Australia allows himself to be bamboozled with "approximate estimates," it will not be for lack of warning. The last mail conveyed to His Excellency Governor Weld aud the members of his Executive Council, several copies of the Tasmanian Times a full report of the late trial .in Launeston, Doyne and others v. MacMUlan (Tasmanian Times.) Ed. T. r.] THEATRE ROYAL—The Mansergh troupe gave another of their popular performances at this place of amusement last evening. There was a fair attendance. l'he entertainment was a repetition of that gven on Tuesday evening under the patronage of His Worship the Mayor and Aldermen, and was again highly appreciated. Mr Peter Mansergh was intensely amusing as Barney the Baron," in the Irish Comic Drama "A Ghost in the Castle." and the side splitting farce of "Barnem's Ball" was received with roars of laughter from all parts of the house. FTOERAI. —The remains of the unfortunate man Philip Saunders, who died suddenly two or three days ago, were interred yesterday in St David's cemetery. According to the wish of the deceased the coffin was conveyed on a dray drawn by a horse which he had been in the habit of driving -while in the employ of Messrs Walker & Son, Collins street for a period extending over nine years. ' His EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR.—It is said that his Excellency, Govennor Du Cane, wili return to Government House, from his northern tour on Saturday next.— Examiner. ' A HOAX.—On Friday last a young woman named Emma Woods, servant to Mr. S. V. Kemp, of Hosetta, Patterson's Plains, suddenly disappeared leayiiig nothing but her box and a letter for Mrs. Kemp, which caused them great anxiety. It stated that—"I leaveyonrbonse«ndservice,because I could net do anything right and that is'what has drove me to do what I am going to do ; and, why not, like a lady, did you not discharge me at once, and I should not have had to put an end to my misery—so now I am going to drown myself. If you want to send after me, I am going to Longford for a while, till J write to mother." But further on the agony was piled up higher. " You must not trouble after me, because I shall be dead before you see me. I can tell you no more for my heart is breaking."—^"P.S.—^Tell grandmother to write to mothST I not live any' have mideup my mind to die before to morrow" On discovering the alarming epistle, Mr ELemp coinmuuicited with the police ; the river '*as dragged, the country was searched but the miss~ ing Emma no where be fouud. In the h«*pe o£ tnro'viug some new tight on the mystery, that castle of a nouse servant, her clothes box was broken opeu. aud io I ii was empty. Less anxiety was felt after that as ladies bound on the direct route to that "'bourne from whence no traveller returns." seldom burthen themselves with bundles of clothes. Dragging rhe South Ksk river was suspended and messengers were sent to Longford, Launceston and to the Oaks at Carrick, because at the latter place the mother of Emma resided ; her grandmother at Invermav on the George Town road, aud it was understood that she had formerly been servant to Mrs Noake at Longford. On Saturday it was discovered that Emma had *' thought better of it," the terror of being sat on by a jury of twelve Patterson'splainians was too much for her, and she had taken a direct cut across the country to her mother's residence at the Oaks, no doubt delighted with the success of the other hoax she had left behind her.—Chronicle. DREADFUL CHARGE AGAI • ST A MEDICAL MAN.— DrHarbro, a duly-qua jfied m dical practitioner, who recently proceeded to Mangana. Fingal, to practise there was received into the Launceston goal on Monday evening, committed for trial from Fingal on the henious charge of inciting a young man named M'Eenzie to commit an uunatural offen e. We are not aware of the amount or nature of the evidence taken in support of the charge,but the evidence should be strong to warrant the presiding magistate in committing a me iical man for trial on such a charge: Dr Harbro is nearly reiateii to some of the best families in Tasmania. H.e has made six or seven voyages as surgeon in clipper ships between Melbourne and Liverpviol or between Melbourne and London and is now about sixty yeard of age. On the way from Fingal to Launceston goal, he stated that a similar charge had once been made by his accuser against another medical gentleman resident in one of the midland districts. If he could show that to be the fact, we feel confident that the Attorney-General would be justified in immediately cancelling the warrant of committal and liberating the accused; if the assertion is simply untrue, the making it will only damage the inventor. Chronicle. LASCELLKS, BABBX O'NEIIX, AJTD MISS EASdown.—Mr J. C. Earner announces that Mr Charles Lascelles, Mr Barry O'Nell, and Mies Easdown will appear at the Mechanics' Institute on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday evenings next, and for these three nights only. Mr Lascelles has been here so recently with Madame Anna Bishop that he requires no introduction to commend hun to the public of Lannceston, and the celebrity of Mr Barry O'Neill as a comique actor and vocalist of the highest standing is a sufficient introduction for him. Of Miss Easdown we know less, but two such stars as Lascelles and Barry O'Neill would not consent to appear with any lady vocalist except one of acknow- ledged merit. — Chronicle. feg" We direct attention to the sale of Growing Crops at New Town, on the property formerly occupied by the Ute Mr George Bramwell, by Boberts and Co. at 11 o'clock. 