RorAr, ADELPHI THEÀTBE.-This theatre hie bool well patronreeti during tho last two evenings, o; Saturday being filled in every part to overflowing Tba sensational play, " Tho Lo o o - Ohatoau," a Frond adaptation filled with most exciting situations, ha been given, in whioh Mies Ro>a Cooper. Mr. and Mm West, Mr, Lionel Harding, Mr. Charles Young, am an excellent corps dramatique have sustained the parts Un Saturday evening Miss Eleanor Caroy, lato of tb. Pr i nco of Wales Opera House, mado her first oppoarano at this House, and had a oordial reception. Sh played the part of Margot muoh to the delight of th audience, who wo/e loud ia their aaalamatiba. Pro fessor Taylor, with hiB comical assistants, then gav« their very humorous melango of Ethiopian oddities, ai entertainment itself worth tho prico of admission. Thi porformanocs terminated with a laughable farce. Po thisovening an excellent programme has been gol out. SCHOOL OP ARTS.-The Oliver Goldsmith D.-nmntl Club last evening, in tho hall of the nbovi institution, tendered their dramstio ontertainmcn in aid uf the ? Daaf and Dumb and Blini Iustitution. Tho entertainment was patroniaid bj Earl Belmore, who, attended by Captain Beresford A.D.C.. was present. The hall was not so woll fillet BB might have boen expeoted, considering tbo nttraotior and ita objoot; yet tho reserved seato were oocupied bj a most fashionable audience, and the body of tho hal and gallery were well filled. Tom Taylor's admiroc oomedy, "Still Waters Run Deep" was given, ant cortainly it was tho best amateur representation that hai for some 'imo been soon in Sydney, Mr. A. B. M'.VI inn'i John Mildmay was an admirable impersonation played with very groat gravity and oaro, whilst Mr Montagu Sett's Hawksley, was really equal to thi effort ot an experienced professions!. Mr. Potter, bj Mr. Henry Lawless; Dnabilk, by Mr. James Roaoh and the other oharaotora by Moesrs, Spencer, Lawson and Neil Kerr, ovidenced histrionic abilities of nc mean order. Tho amateurs wero ably aseiitod bj Mrr. Moore and Miss Charlotte Raleigh, from thi Royal Adelphi Theatro, the former playing Mra Mornhold, and tho latter Mrs, Mildtnay. Mrs. Moori played with caro and finish, and Alias Raloigh not onlj looked oharming, but also played tho âiffioult pari allottod to her with coneiderablo plquauoy. Hott ladies were warmly applauded. As aa intorludo, Mr, Lionel Harding gavo a pathetlo recitation, which wai woll received, The performance terminated with thi lauKhablo farce, " The Limerick Boy." CITT APFBIXS.-We aro requested to stato that the hoariog ot appeals against tho city aasoasment will come on for hearing, on Friday next, at 10 a.m., boforo bia Honor Judgo Dowling, at Djrllnghnrat. DimioT OOUBT.-Tho court will opou (hie morn« ing at IO a.m., when the to:lowing oates will bo die poied of sptcially: -Doran v. M'Oroa and wife. Mitohell v. Devlin, Birnett v. Djwaoa Tho general undefended lilt will then be taken, commencing with Ko. 6700; No. 6866 mt ll a a.; 5050 at naon ; 0031 at 1.80. pm; .' SiXTI MINUTES -WITH TUS OÓBPOBAM0H Of I STDHBT.-A meeting waa lost night held at tha Masonic Hall, to listen to Mr. Carroll Cones oity auditor, and again a candidate for that offloa) explain his view« of tho Corporation aocountB. Mr. Oirroll tormod hie address »'Sixty minutes with tho Comoro tion of Bydney." Mr. W. M. Aldorson e-oaupird tho chair, ond made someroraarks touohiup the iuiportanoo of tho subject, regretting that so small a number of ratepayers had altonded. Mr. Carroll then enid that he had invited tho pnblio to hoar hu exposition of Corporation aeoaunts as embodied in tho reports which he had alroidy published. His objool was also to further his candidature for the oflioo of auditor for tho ensuing yoor. He had already sorvod tho publio os auditor for three years, and hop:d to nguiu do BO. Mr. Carroll thon proooeded to eny thru ha purpjood to analyoo tbo pro sont system of keeping the Corporation nooounts, with which ot tho outset bo would eay ho entirely dieap. prated, It was highly neeessnry that thwe whowere returned to the offio-j should bo intiroly mnstois of their profcesion. Th' y would hove to select two fror« the eight candidates. For himself, he thought he had a claim upon tho ratepayer«, as having served them for three yearn. Further, ho was ono who had served a lifelong apprenticeship to tho profession of accountant. Mr. Carroll then read tho reports which ho had tent in to tho Council upon the termination of his offloe, By thesu it appeared that under tho system then in force-nr.d still in operation-thoro waa no practical oheolr upon tho expenditure of tho largo revonue of tho Corporation. In somo instances relating to Corpora- tion receipt?, tltero wero absolutely no special books kopt, an t no data by which to ohock receipts. This was tho case with respect to tho markets. Another error in tho system-.which, however, had now bsen remodied-wno tho mnnnor In which tho interest payable to dobenturo holdcro wc3 paid in the total into tho oredit of Mr. Lord. Thin bad been pointe-! out by Mr. Carroll, and wan cow reformed. Mr. Carroll pointed out that whilo the Connoil lnïr.ured under euoh a beary dobt-moro than half a million of money-it w.-.i imperativ.) that ouch a looa» system of nccounts ai prevailed at preacnt ohortld bo altfrcd, and a fresh und lucid modo adoptot), With this viow it was necessary that those auditors who wero returned should bo mea of capacity. And hore ho reminded thara that a misapprehension provailed with oledora that they had eaoh a voto for ovory ward. This wm a mistake Mr. Carroll, in conclusion, boro testimony to the courteous manner in which Mr. Lord had treated ' him when ho noted as auditor, and when ho bad noccssirily touohod upon very many delicate mattera connected with his viotv of tho system of keeping the i Corporation accounts. He ondod his addrees by , trusting thut if tho olectors thought him oompotent and trustworthy for tho office of auditor they would 1 Bharo their vitee in his favour on Wednesday next. A votd of thanks to tho chairman then terminated the i proceedings, , SHOALHAVEN.-Tho nomination of Mr. Garrott, and Mr. I?. Goold toole placo yesterday (Friday) at Nowra. Thero was a great concourse of peoslo preeent, whioh i could not have boon under four or five hundred. Mr. i Garrott addriased at considerable leDgth, and was , checrod throughout his spirited epoeoh. Mr. Goold followed in a ehort pithy aduiesn. Ou tho call for a 1 show of hands, a forest waa hold up for Girrott, and i about forty for Goold. Tho Keturning-offiier then ; dcolared tho show of hands to bo in favour of Mr. , Garrett. The poll will Ukeplaee on Tuesday. Strange to say, BÍX policemen arrived by to-day's steamer, it is > supposed to quoll any disturbance-what a i'arco I As ! tho nomination- paesed off so very quiot, although , hnndrods of pooplo wero sssombled, it is an insult to t tho district to send down ..uch-n body of police during the oleotion. I expect another " Ghost" arrangement, aa there must have been gross misrepresentation to f influence tho Government to send down ouch an array i ot polioo into our remarfcablo quiet distriot. Borne , infamous (lander must havo boen concoctod to have brought about such nn arrangement from our ccono* ' mieal Government. It is expected that thero will be a hard contest, but I cannot eeo that ho has anything ( tofoar from his opponout.-Correspondent. Mn. LACKEY'S MEETING on Friday evening hat WOB ' attended by about 120 to ldo olectors. Captain i Sadlier in tho ohair. Mr. Laokey's address, whioh i oceupied about nn hour and a-half was uninterrupted , by neither friend nor fae. A motion Mr. Lackey was a fit and proper person to represent Contri 1 Cumber. 3 land was mado, Au amendment waa moved, but not ) seconded, On tho motion being put, about thirteen [ hands were hold up fer it, and ûvo against it. A vote i of thanks to the chairman aonoludod. the business of the ovening. Tho mooting was very quiet and orderly, ' tho great bulk of thoeo present seeming to feel little. , interest in it. T PABTIOX'S PLAINS EJECTION.-Mr. William Oollias, junior, who withdrow from the Wollombi oleotion, bas intimated that if tho eleotors of Patrick's PlsinB > will honor him with a requisition he will suffer him- 1 i self to bo put in > nomination, and will go to the poll, ! i A rather elaborate definition of > his political opinions, which aro of an extremely radical Undenoy, appears ia the Singlstoi Times; and, amoog the meaturts he il 1 inolined to support, he mentions a bill " to severely i punish all persons assuming to bs dootors, and who in , any way troat with sick people" and " proscribo thom . physic without authority!" EiBOTORETE o» TUMUT. - Correspjndcnce from > Tumut edvises us that Mr. £. G. Brown is likely to ! find a determined and most successful opposent in Mr, L IL. B Lynch. Mr. Lynch has addressed the eleotora of tho Tumut and Adelong; ho holds that the Martin* ' Parkes Ministry has greatly increased the colonial f debt, and as ho regards Mr. Samuel as the min bett t fitted to freo our finances from their present burden, e he acknowledges himselr a supporter oi the Bobertson L Administration, and will support tho abolition of the 1 ad valorem duties, ind tho ropoal of tho nowspsper 1 tax. Mr. Brown is a professed Martinite, but seems r to bo afraid of toing suspected of leaning strongly towards that party. TnK BivAr. TBTUsr/REns -The war that knows ' neither parley nor truce ia raging faotween the present 3 Treasurer of New South Walos and his predececsor. , Not content with tho numerous opportunities which they enjoyed of abusing eaoh other in Parliament, the 5 honorable and financial gentlomen hive, now that the 1 doors of Parliament aro olosed, transferred their hosti- lities to the columns of tho daily prtsi, Mr. Elgar, ? the late Treasurer, in his address to his constituents, brought threo charges against Mr. Samuel. First, 1 that ho proposed to carry on tho Government with 1 borrowed money; second, that he propesed to remit ' taxation in the faooof an admitted deficit; and third, 1 that he proposed to substitute a bad tux for a good ' ono. To these chaises Mr, S*tnuui has replied at ; length in tho nowspapora. As usually happens in 1 sueh disputes, there is not a little» lojromaohy in the . affair, Each disputant usrs tho onme words with 1 difforont meanings. Substantially, however, the right " seams forest with the Treasurer, It certainly does not » lie in Mr. Eager's mouth to talk of carrying or» 8 Government with borrowed money, or to oomplámof a deficiency that he himself causad ; end as to the D comparativo merits of on icoome tax and ad valorem 1 dutio«. the dobalo may bu adjourned until the CMS 9 actually arises, Mr, Samuel's position is, that he dosi r not want either the ono or tho other, bot that, if his ' scheme of retrenchment should fail, or in other words, if the oountry insists upon spending more money thin 0 it really has occasion to spend, he will propose direct J taxation. Nothing is moro absurd than to speak of J Mr, Samuel'mode of dealing with the deficit os re 1 pudiation. The faot is, that when a oortain bill be f comes due, ho pays part and renews for the rest. Ha . does not dony th« obligation with whioh his prods oeisor has encumbered him, but, on the contrary, 11 makes provision for its gradual extinction, Wo are \ greatly mistaken it Mr. Sarnuol has not a far more ' aaourato notion of tho true principios of finance thin J his opponent can olaim.-Australasian. INQUESTS.-Yesterday, at Marrickville, the Coroner held an inquest on the body of a man named Edward Riley. From the evidence it appeared that deceased was a native of Ireland, and about thirty-two years of age. He had been in the employ of Robert Pfoeffer, a market gardener at Marrickville, for the last nine months. He could not swim. Yesterday morning, about 7 o'clock, deceased, with his employer, went to Cook's River to bathe. Deceased went into shallow water. Close to where he was the water deepened sud- denly. Deceased's employer swam across the river, leaving deceased at the place. Shortly afterwards deceased disappeared, and his employer hurried to the place where he last saw deceased. Assistance was pro- cured, and the body was recovered. Verdict, a cci- dentally drowned.-Another inquest was also yeiter* 11 day held at tho Observer Tavern, lower Goorge-atreet, on the body of a mon named John Hmith, aged OD 8 ysara, a master mariner, and a native ot KenningieOi 0 Surrey, Engluud, From the evidence, it appeared that deceased had rscently hcea employod as ohtef-offioer of s the sohooacr Colonist, trading botweon New Caledonia ll and thia port. He was dlaohareod on tho loin " -Novembor last, and sinoa then had been constantly intoxicntod. This last week ho had been drinking to . excess, and for tho last threo days had boon confined to his bod complaining of a cold and oongb, and eating - ," nothlnr; On Sunday night he beoamo delirious, »na { >ejtordsy morning was found dead on the stairs. .Dr. Í i Shaw, who oxamined the body, stated that he was ot 1 I opinion the o ins* of death was eynoDpo, arlainj- from I depression after an oxcusive use of alcohol. Verdlot j accordingly. 