OOMPrt AOflOOCO "" (From "Victor Hugo's New' Novel, "-By Order of the King," in the Gentlrman'ea t luayazine) .) Who nowknows theword Compnraohilos, and a who lknows its maniulg P The Compralhliis, t or Cohipnspuequnmos, were a hideous undl c nlondescript association of wanderrs, 'famous i in the 17th century, forgotten in the 18th, r and unknowti in the ]9th. 'The Compmehicos are like the "suctcession powder," an ancient social charactoristic detail. They are part of f old human ugliness. Comprachicoa, the i same as Com prapcquenos, is a compound I Spauiish word signifying olhld.merchants.,; Tihe Oomprachicos traded in children. They 1 bought them and they sold them. They did not steal them. ' The kidnapping of children i is another branch of industry. And ,wlhat did they make of these childronl Monsters, Why monsters ' To lailgh at. The o'ppit. i lace must needs laugh. Kings also.. The o imountebank is wanted in the streets; the jester at the Loouvre. The one is called i a clown, tile other a fool. The efforts of inan I to prooure himself pleasure are sometimes worthy of the attention of the philosopher. What do we sketlch 'in these few prolimiiary. pages I A chapter in the most terrible of books: a book which might be entitled "The Farming of the Unhappy. by the Happy." A child destined to be a plaything for Inen-such a thing has existed; such a thing exists oven now. In simple and savage times such ri thling constituted an especial trade. The 17th century, called the groat century, was of these times.' This century traded a good deal in children. ,Flattering historians have concealed the sore, but have divulged tlhe remedy, Vincent de Paul. In order that a human toy should succeed, he must be taken early. 'The dwarf must he fashioned when young. We play with child hood. But a well.formed child is not very amusing; a huncehback is better fuu. Hence grow an art. There were trainers who took a man and made him an ahortion; they took a face and made a muzzle; they stunted growtll; they kneaded the face. The aiti ficial production of teratological cases had its rules. It was quite a science; what one can imagine as 'the antithesis of orthopedy. There where a God had1 put a look, this art put a squint. There where a God had made lharmony, they made discord, There where > God had made a perfect picture, they re m established the sketch I and, in the eyes of I connoissours, it was the sketch which was perfect. They. also debased animals ; they I invented. piebald horses, Turenue rode a piebald horse. In our own days do they not dye dogs blue and green ? Nature is our canvas. Man has always wished' to add something to God's work. DMan'ietouohes Screation, sometimes for beatter, sometimes for worse. Tile Court buffoon was npthing but an attempt to lead back man to the monkey. It' was a progress in the wrong way. : A masterpiece in retrogression. At tlle same time they tried to make a man of the r monkey. Barbara, Duchess of Olovelandap d Countess of. Southampton, had. a marmoset for a page. Frances Sutton, Baroness Dudleyi 1 eighth 'peeress in the bench of barons, had tea served by a baboon clad in gold brocade, which her ladyship called My Black.' Catho I rine Sedley,' Countess of Dorchester, used to go and take her seat in Parliament in a 1 coach with armiorial bearings, behind which I stood, "their muzzles' rItuck up iri' the air, l three Cape monkeys in grand livery. A R Dichess 'of Medina-Celi, whose toilette', Ca. r dinal Polo Witnessed, had her' stockingsiput' on by irsi ourang.outang. These monkeys raised in the 'scale were a counterpoise to Smen brutalised and bestialised. :This pro t miscuousniess of man and beast, desired by tile great, was' especially pronunent in. the r case of the dwarf and tile dog. Tie'dwarf \- never quitted, the dog,' whiclhwas' always Y bigger thati himself. Tieodog wai the pair of the dwarf; it was as if they were coupled with a collar. This juxtapositioais authlei ticated by a mass of domestic records; nota Y, bly by the portrait of Jeffrey Hudsi;n, dwvarf . of Henriotta of France, daughtfrltotBHenri ' Quatro, the wife of Charles I. Td degrade I man tends to deforni him. '''ho suppression I 'of his state wias completed by disfigurement. f Certain i ivisectors of that period succeeded m niiarvellously well'in effacing from tihe human s face the divine 'effigy. The 'dwarff of the Y Elector Palatine,' Perkeo, 'whose::effigy or P ghost springs from 'a' magical' box in the Cave of -Heidelberg, was a remarkable specimen of this science, very varied in its applications. r It fashioned beings, the law of-whose exist t once was 'hideously' simple; it 'permitted r them to ai sffer, and'commanded 'thBem- to, I amuse. The Sultan required them, so did the Pope; the, one to guard liis women, the 1 other to say his , prayers. These were of a . peculiar kind, in capable of . reproduction. Scarlcely Shuman beings, they wore useofl to voluptuous Soess and to religion. Theo sornglio and the Sistino Chapel. utilised the. same species -of monsters; fierce in. tihe former case, mild in the Ilatter. ' They kneow how to produce things in those days swhich are not produced now ; I they had talents which we lack, and it'is not witliout reason that some good folk' cry out I that the decline hns come. We no longer know how to sculpture living human flesh ; this i is consequent on the loss of the art of torture 1 Men 'were: once virtuolsi in that respect,'bo' Sare so no longer; the art hase become so' eim Splitled tllhat it will soon disappear'altogethelrr. In octting the limbs of living men, in opening Stheir hellies and in draggingont their eotrails, \- phlenlomoein wore graseliod on the moment and I discoveries mado. We are obliged t'o re nuance these experiomenls nlow, and are theus deprived 'of tile progress whichl sargery mrask by nid of tlie oexecutionor. The: viviseoction' of former days ,abounded in; varieties. One of its' tridinpls was the moanufacture of cocks for tile Kings of Etlliand. It was tile eastomiin the palaceo the King of England to hIaveo a ort of Iwatclhman, who '6rowed like a cook. i This watcher, awake while all others seh.pt, ranged . the palace, and raised from hour to hour thile cry t of tie farmyard, repeating it eas often ao' was necessary, and thus supplying a slooeek. I This man, prondtoed to ho cook, lhad undergone in childhlood the operation'of the pharymin,Rwhich was part of the art desribod by Dr. Onqueast. o ,Under OharlcslII.,the salivatiqn, ineeainable to ithe operaltion,. hIling disgustod tli" c Dutlhess of Prtlmouth, thie appoietment wase Sindeed preseorvod, so that the splendour 'of the Scrowi should not be tor'his?dd, tint they: got .an unmututlted mnan tore?presaont the' cook. 'A retired officer'was generally selecited for Sthis honorable employment. . Under J oeosII. the funciosary was named Wil'inm Sampson, I Cook, and received fdrhiscrow 9Z2s&d; snanmily. The commerce in children in the seventeeinth i contury,.as we have explained, was corinocted Swith a trade. The Comlnraclhionos engaged in the commerce, and carried 91o tse trade. jho? b)daglb .hldlhadidll 8l Q d$ lil!d o the t haw hator nl andti e-"did tlleht ttet twarnf , I t The vondior were, of all itinds; from the li wrelihed fiather; getting rid of his faillly; to I the mnster, utlisiug his stud of slaves. Thie sale of men was a simple matter. In our own time we lavoe had fighting to maintair - this right. We recall that it is less thsn a I century ago since the Elector of lIesso sold I his subjects to the King of England, who l required mon to be killed in America. He , went to the Elector of -lesso as we go to the I butcher to buy meat. The Elector had food for powder in stook, and hung up his subjects in his shop. Come buy, it is for sale. In England, under Jefferihs, after the tragic episode 'of Monmouth, there, were many lords and gentlemen beheaded and quartered. These condemned men left wives and daughter, widows and orphens, whom James II. gave to' the Queen, is ,wifo'..'1 Tieo Queen sold those ladies. Tliey weto needed in the colonies;- and 'her gracious majosty, made rather a good, business out of theum The young sold deaor. We may imagine, with the uneasy feeling :which ii'complicated scandal arouses, thiat probably 'some 'old duehessas were thrown n cheap. ' Utider the Stuarnits, the Comprachicos wore by no means in bad odour at Cdiirt. On occasion'si they were used for reasons of state. They were for James II. almost an instrumontum regnm. It; was a time when famnilies; which were refractory or in the way were disnmem. bored; when a descent was out short; wihen heirs were suddenly suppressed. Sometimes one branch was .defrauded to the profit of another. The Comprachicos had a genius for disfiguration which; recommended them to State policy.. To disfigure is'better than to kill. There was, indeed, the Iron Mask, but that is a'great undertaking. -Europe could not be peopled with iron masks, while de formed tumblers ran about the streets with. out creating any seurprise. Besides, the iron mask is removable; not so the mask of flesh. i You are masked for over by your own flesh nothingis more ingenious. The Comprachicos e worked on maRnnas the Chinese work on trees, I *As we have said, they had their secrets; they had tricks which' are now lost arts. A sort 1 of fantastic stunted thing left their hands; it was ridiculous and wonderful., They would touch 'ip' a little being with such' skill that its father could not have known it. * Some times they left the spine straight and remade a the face. They usimarked a child, as one might unmark a poaket.liandkerchief;. Pro f ducts,' destined for tumblers, had their joints s dislocated in a masterly manner-you would l have said they had been boned. TThus gym. nasts were mnade. 'Not only 'did the Com. t 'prchicos take away his face from the child, r they also took away his memory. At' loast I they took away all they could of it; the child a had no consciousness of the mutilation; to Swhich he had been subjected.., This frightful t surgery left its traces on his countenance, but not on his mind. 'The most ho could recall was that one day lie had been seized by men, e that next he had fallen asleep, and then that She had been cured,.i Cured of wilhatl.he did d not linow. Of buritings by sulpliur iusd t incisions by- tioe iron hli remem bored nothing. The Comprachicos deadened 1 the little patients by means of a i, stupefying :'powder, ,which was' thought i- to be magical, and suppressed all pain. 'This o powder has been mknoWnn from time imme. a morial in China, and is still employed 'there h in the present day. The Chinese have been ; befoiehmand with' us in all our inventions t. printing, artillery, mrostation, Ohloroform,. SOnly tile discovery, which in Europe at once t' takes' life and ! birth, and becomes a prodigy, 'a and a wonder; remains .a chrysalis in China, o and is proserved in a deathlike state. China ,. is a museum of embryos. . Since we are in. y China, lot us remain there a moumont, t6 s observe a peculiarity. ;In China, from time rf immemorial, they have possessed a certain 's refneinent of industry and art. " It is. the ir art of moulding a living man;, They take.s d child,'two or-three years old,pput, him in a 1- porcelain vase,.more or:'lessgrotesque, which u- is made without top or :bottom," to allow if egress for the head and feet. During ý the ri Iday the vas'is: set upright, and' at iight is e laid down to allow the clild'to sleep. Thus n the child :tliickens without growing taller, t. filling up with his coompressed flesh' and. dis d torted bones the reliefs 'in the vase.' This n development in a. bottle continues nanny. oe years. At a given time it become irreparableo, er When they consider thimt this is accombilished, 'e and the monster made, they break the vase. Tf The child comes out-and, behold, there is ea a. man in the shape of a mug I ..It. was 'con. t- venient; by ordering your dwairf botimes you d were able to have it of any shape you wished. ,o James II. tolerated the Compraohicos for the d good reason that lhe made use of thleon; at e least he happened to do so.' more than once. ?e We do .not always disdain to use what we e- despise. This low trade, an excellent oex y pedient sometimhes for. the higher one which . is called State policy, was willingly left in a e miserable state, but was not persecuted, if There was no., surveillance, but a certain e amount of attention. Thus much mnight Sbe L Useful--tlhe law closed one eye, the kicing opened ' the other. t They excelled in disappearances. Disappear t ances occasionally were necessary for; the v good of the State. An inconvenient heir, of a tender age, whom they took and handled, lost o his shape. This facilitated confiscation; the ' transfer of titles to favorites was simplified. STihe Comprachicos vcre,' mo rove', verjr did ecreet and very taciturn. Thei bouind them Ssolves to silence, and kept their word, 'irhicl I is necessary in affairs of state. There was I carcely an example of their liaving betrayed the saorets of; theo;king. This was, it is tries a fi)r.thirinterest; jand if.tllo king,had lost a confidence in them,e theoy would hav' been ii r great danger. ':They were thus of use in a f political point' of: view..:v , oreover,;i these Sartists furnished singers for the ,Holy Father. SThe Comprclhicos were useful.for the !Uliic. f rero.of Allegri. •They were particularly dq: Svoted to Mary. All this pleased thes papistry I of 'the' Stuarts: ·Jaimes,ITi could not be p hostile to tlh?e' holy; men,' ylho peusled their a devotion to the Virgin to the extent of manne a Ifcturing ' enuchls. In 1088 tSthre wasi I chango of dyinasty ien England. Orange supe. i lanted Stuart. Williain III. rieplacsd Jam s I. James.II. went away to. diein ,exile, a where miracles ware performed oi his 'tomb, 'and' where his relics cured tie Bialsop of a Autun of fistula---a wortlhy recobcpenso' of Stlihe Chlristian virtues of the piisice. Willialh, t hlaving .neither the same ideas nor the samw practices as James, was sovere to the Coem.' r praclicos. He didlhis best to cruislih out the vermin. A statute of tlheo early: part of WVilliam and Mary a reigni "'hit the assooiation ' of child buyers Ihard' SIt we ass thb blowv of a club to the Com. 1 prahobicon, who were from that time pIulverised. 1 By the terms of this statute ihose sn of the gang takenand duly couvroted were to be dtahned wldl it 0lred'ot ieb, i mtin buba 1t b tie rhnuIdrt agnllgoing'yoguo l on he left ihnnl?T, sylnifying'theft and on the righ handl M signifyi'inan- ilaeor, The chiefs supposed to be rioh, although bhggnrs in ap. ponmoeao, wore punished in the oalllettigi0u -that Is the pillory, nnd branded on the fore. head with a P, bosidre having their proper. ties oonfllocatd and Ibo trees It their wonde rooted up Those who did not Inform against *the Compreohicon were to hoe punished by con lecation and perpeto?l imprisonment, as'for the oorime oft miprision. As for the women found among?those men. they weore to suffer the auaking.stool-this is a trumbel, the name of which, aomposed of theoFrenoh word ooquine, and the EP lish. word stool eigniloe at coold'es hair, English law being endbwed with ,'a etrange longevity; titls punibhment still exists in English legislation for qoarrel. some women. The eaeking stool is suspended der, a river or pond, the womaen seated on it. The chiir"lis allowed to. drolp inio: the wqter and then g 'iled out.033 This, di?plug. of,;the woinnan is tepeated three timesit'. to cool her anger," aj the dcWmentator;·Ohsmberlayne. "Al .· .. 