SO NEWS . None lit all. Understand that, please, to begin with. Thut you will at once, anil ilia- i tinctly, recall Dr. Sharpe — anil his wile, I make no donbt. Imleeil, it is because the history is a laminar 0110, some ot the unfamiliar inci dents of which have come into my possession,, that I undertake to tell it. Nobody, I think, who wns at the wedding, dreamed that there would ever bo such a story to tell. It was such a pretty, peaceful wedding ! There were not many of us ; we were all acquainted with one another ; the day was bright, and Harrie did not faint or cry. There wero a couple of bridesmaids — Paulino Dallas, and a Miss — Jones, I think — bosides Harrio's little sisters ; and the people were well dressed and well looking, but everybody was thoroughly at homo, coinfortablo, and on. a level. Harrie is not called oxactly pretty, but she must bo a very plain woman who is not pleasant to see upon her wedding day. Harrio's eyes shone — I never saw such oyos ! and she throw her head back like a queen whom they wero crown ing. Her father married tliom. Old Mr. Bird was an odd man, with odd notions of many things, of which marriage was one. The ser vice was -his own. I afterwards asked him for a copy of it, which I have preserved. The Covenant ran "thus : — " Appealing to your Father who is in heaven to witness your sincerity, you . ' . do now take this woman whoso hand you hold — choosing her alone from all the world — to bo your lawfully wedded wife. Tou trust her as your best earthly friond. Tou promise to love, to cherish, and to protect her ; to bo considerate of her happiness in your plans of life ; to cultivate for her sake all manly virtues ; and in all things to seek her welfare as you seek your own. Tou pledge yourself thus honourably to her, to be her husband in good faith, so long as the provi- donco of God shall spare you to each other. In like manner, looking to your Heavenly Father for his Mossing, you . . ' . do now receive this man, whoso hand you hold, to bo your lawfully wedded husband. Tou choose him from all the world as he has chosen you. Tou pledge your trust to him as your best earthly friend. Tou promise to love, to com fort, and to honour him ; to cultivate for his sake all womanly graces ; to guard his repu tation, and assist him in his life's work ; and in all things to esteem his happiness as your own. % Tou give yourself thus trustfully to him, to be his wife in good faith, so long as the providence of God shall spare you' to each other." When Harrie lifted her shining eyes to say, " I do ! " the two little happy words rang through the silent room like a silver boll ; they would have tinkled in your ears for woeks to come if you had heard them. I have boon thus particular in noting the words of the service, partly because they pleased me, partly because I have since had some occasion to recall them, and partly because I remember having wondered, at the time, how many mar ried men and women of your and my acquaint ance, if honestly subjecting their union to the test and full interpretations and remotest' bearing of such vows as these, could live in the sight of God and man as " lawfully wed ded " husband and wife. Weddings are always very sad things to mo ; as much sadder than burials as the . be ginning of lifo should be sadder than tho end of it. The readiness with which young girls will flit out a tried, proved, happy homo into the sole care and keeping of a man whom they have know throe months, six, twelve, I do not profess to understand. Such knowledge is too wonderful for mo ; it is high, I cannot attain unto it. Hjat that maybe because I am fifty-five, an old maid, and have spent twenty years' in boarding-houses. A woman reads the graces of a man at sight. His faults she cannot thoroughly detect till she has been for years his wife. And his faults are so much tuoro serious a matter to her than hers to him ! Well, I believe that they got along very well till the first baby came. As far as my observation goes, young people usually get along very well till tho first baby comes. Those particular young people had a clear conscience — as young people's consciences go —fair health, a comfortable income for two, and a very pleasant homo. This home was on the coast. The townspeople made shoes," and minded their own business. Dr. Sharpe bought the dying practice of an antediluvian who believed in camomile and castor oil. Harrie mended a few stockings, made a few pies, and watched tho sea. It was almost enough of itself to make one happy — the sea — as it tumbled about the shores of Lime. Harrie had a little seat hol lowed out in the cliffs, and .a little scarlet bathing-dress, which was surprisingly becom ing, and a little boat of her own, moored in a little bay — a pretty shell which her husband had had made to order, that she might be able to row herself on a calm water. He was very thoughtful for her in those days. She used to take her sewing out upon tho cliff; she would be demure and busy ; she would finish the selvage seam ; but the sun blazed, the sea shono, the birds sang, all the world was at play — what could it matter about selvage seams ? So tho little gold thimblo would drop off, the spool trundle down the cliff, and Harrie, sinking back into a cushion of green and crimson sea-weed, would open her wide eyes uuu uiuiuu. xuu waves, purpieu ana siiverea, and broke into a mist like powdered amber, tho blue distances molted softly, the white sand glittered, tho gulls were chattering shrilly. What a world it was ! " And ho is in it ! " thought Harrie. Then she would smile and shut her eyes. " And the children of Israol saw the face of Moses, that Moses' face shone, and they were afraid to ' come nigh him." Harrie wondered if every body's joy were too great to look upon and wondered, in a childish, frightened way, how it might be with sorrow ; if people stood with veiled faces beforo it, dumb with pain as she with peace — and then it was dinner time, and Myron came down to walk up the beach with her, and she forgot all about it. She forgot all about everything but the bare joy of lifo and the sea, when she had donned tho pretty, scarlet suit, and crept out in the surf — at the proper medicinal hour, for the Doctor was very particular with her — when the warm brown waves broke over her faco, tho long sea-weeds slipped through her fingers, tho foam sprinkled her hair .with crystals, and the strong wind was up. She was a swift swim mer, and, as one watched from the shore, her lithe scarlet shoulders seemed to glide like a trail of fire through the lighted water ; and when she sat in a shallow foam with sunshine on her, or flashed through the dark green pools among tho rocks, or floated with the in coming tide, her great bathing-hat dropping shadows on her wot little happy face, and her laugh ringing out, it was a pretty sight. But :i prettier one tluiii that,. her husband thought, i was to see her in her boat at sunset : when sea and sky were, a flame, when every (lake of ' foam was a rainbow, and the great chalk-cliffs were blood-red ; when the wind blew her not off. and in pretty petnlenee she pulled her hair down, and it rippled all about her as she dip ped into the blazing West. Dr. Sharpe used to drive homo by the beach, on a fair night, always, that lie might sco it. Then Hnrrie would row swiftly in, and spring into the low, broad buggy beside him, and they rode home together in tho fragrant dusk. Sometimes she used to chatter on these twilight drives ; but more often she crept up to him and shut her eyes, aud was as still as a sleepy bird. It was so pleasant to do nothing but bo happy ! I believe that at this time Dr. Sharpe loved his wife as unselfishly as ho knew how. Harrie often wrote me that he was " very good." She was sometimes a little troubled that ho should " know so much moro " than she, and had fits of reading tho newspapers and reviewing her French, and studying cases of hydrophobia, or some other pleasant subject which had a pro fessional air. Her husband laughed at her for her pains, but nevertheless he found her so much tho moro entertaining. Sometimes she drove about with him in his calls, or amused herself by making jellies in fancy moulds for his poor, or sat in his lap and discoursed like a bobolink of croup and measles, pulling his whiskers tho while with her pink fingers. All this, as I have said, was before tho first baby came. It is surprising what vague ideas young people in general, and young men in particular, have of tho rubs and jars of domestic life on an income of eighteen hundred, American constitutions and country servants thrown in. Dr. Sharpo knew some thing of illness and babios and worry and watching ; but that his own individual baby should deliberately lie and scream till two o'clock in the morning was a source of perpetual astonishment to him'; and that it — he and Mrs. Sharpe had their first quarrel over his persistence in calling the child an "it" — that it should invariably feel called upon to have colic just as ho had fallen into a nap, after a night spent with a dying patient, was a phenomenon of the infant mind for which he was, to say tho least, unprepared. It was for a long timo a mystery to his masculino understanding, that Biddy could not bo nursery-maid as woll as cook. "Why, what has she to do now ? Nothing but to broil steaks and make tea for two people ! " That whenever ho had Harrie quietly to himself for a peculiarly pleasant tea-table, the house should resound with suddon shrieks from the nursery, .and there was always a pin in that baby, was for ever a fresh surprise ; and why, when they had a house full of com pany, no "girl," and Harrie down with a sick-lieadacho, his son and heir should of necessity bo threatened with scarlatina, was a philosophical problem over which ho specu lated long and profoundly. So, gradually, in the old way, tho old sweet habits of the long honoymoon wore broken. Harrie dreamed no more on the cliffs by the bright noon sea ; had no time to spend making scarlet pictures in tho little batliing-suit ; had seldom strength to row into the sunset, her hair loose, tho bay on fire, and one to watch her from tho shore. There wore -no jhiofe walks up tho beach to dinner ; there came an end to the' drives in tho happy twilight ; she could not climb now upon her husband's knee because of the heavy baby on her own. Tho spasms of newspaper reading subsided rapidly ; Corinne and Racine gathered the dust in peace upon their shelves; Mrs. Sharpo made no more fancy jellies, and found no timo to inquire after other people's babies. One becomes need to anything after a while, especially if one happens to bo a man. It would have surprised Dr. Sharpo, if he had taken tho pains to notice — which I believe he never did — how easily ho became used to his solitary drives and disturbed teas ; to missing Harrio's watching face at door or window ; to sitting whole evenings by himself while she sang to tho fretful baby overhead with her sweet little tired voice ; to slipping off pit;-p the "spare room" to sleep when the child cried at night, and Harrie, up and down with him by the hour, flitted from cradle to bed, or paced tho room, or sat aud sang, or lay and cried herself, in sheer despair of rest; to wandering away on lonely walks ; to stepping often into a neighbour's to discuss the election or the typhoid in tho village ; to forgetting that his wife's conversational capacities could extend beyond Biddy and teething to forget ting that she might ever hunger for a twilight drive, a; sunny sail, for the sparkle and freshness, the droaming, the petting, the caresses, all tho silly little lovers' habits of their early married day; to going his own way, and letting her go hers. Tet he loved her, and loved her only, and loved her well. That he never doubted, nor, to my surprise, did she. It was when little Harrie was a baby, I beliove, that Mrs. Sharpe took that notion about having com pany. She was growing out of the world, she said ; turning into a fungus ; petrifying ; had forgotten whether you called your seats at tho Music Hall pews or settees, aud was as afraid of a well-dressed woman as she was of the croup. So tho Doctor's house at Lime was for two' or three months overrun with visitors and vivacity. Fathers and mothers made iatherly and motherly stays, with tho hottest of air-tights put up for their benefit in the front room ; sisters and sisters-in-law brought the fashions and got up tableaux; cousins came on tho jump ; Miss Jones, Pauline Dallas, and I wero invited in turn, and tho children had the mumps at cheerful intervals between. The Doctor was not much in tho mood for entertaining Miss Dallas ; he was a little tired of company, and had had a hard week's work with an epidemic down town. Harrie had not seen her since her wedding day, and was pleased and excited at tho. prospect of tho visit. Pauline had been one of her eternal friendships at school. Miss Dallas came a day earlier than she was expected, and, as chance would have it, Harrie was devoting tho afternoon to cutting out shirts. Any one who has sat from two till six at that engaging occupation will understand precisely how her back ached and her temples throbbed, and her fingers stung, and hor neck stiffened ; why her eyes swam, her cheeks burned, her brain deadened, the children's voices wore insufferable, the slamming of the door an agony, the past a blot, tho future unendurable, life a burden, friendship a myth, her hair down, and her collar unpinned. Miss Dallas had never cut a shirt, nor, I believe, had Dr. Sharpo. Harrie was groan ing over tho last wristband but one, when she heard her husband's voice in tho hall. " Harrie, Harrie, your friend is here. I found , hor, 'by a charming accident, at tho station, ami drove her homo." And Miss Dallas, 1 gloved, perfumed, rustling, in a very becoming I veil and travelling-suit of the latest mode, i swept in upon her. Harrie was too' much of I a laily to waste any' words on apology, so she ran just as she was, in her ealieo dress, with the collar hanging, into Pauline's stately i arms, and held up her little burning cheek's to ho kissed. But her husband looked annoyed. He came down before tea in his i best coat to entertain their guest. Biddy was " taking an afternoon " that day, and Harrie bustled about with her aching back to make tea and wash tho children. Sho had no time to spend upon herself, and," rather than keep a hungry traveller waiting, smoothed her hair, knotted a ribbon at tho collar, and camo down in her calico dress. Dr. Sharpo glanced at it in some surprise. He repeated tho glances several times in the course of the evening, as he sat chatting with his wife's friond. Miss Dallas was very sprightly iu conversation ; had read somo, had thought some ; and had tho appoaranco of having read and thought about twice as much as she had. Myron Sharpe had always considered his wife a handsome woman. That nobody olse thought her so had made no dilfcrenco to him. He had often looked into tho saucy eyes of little Harrie Bird, and told licr that she was very pretty. As a matter of theory, ho supposed her to bo very pretty, now that slio was tho mother of his three children, and breaking her back to cut out his shirts. Miss Dallas was a generously framed, well- proportioned woman, who carried long trains, and tied her hair with crimson velvet. She had largo serene eyes, white hands, and a very pleasant smile. A delicate porfumo stirred as she stirred, and she wore a creamy lace about her throat and .wrists. Calicoes wore never becoming to Harrie, and that one with tho palm-leaf did not fit her well — she cut it herself, to savo expense. As tho evening passed, in reaction from the shirt-cutting sho grew pale, and tho sallow tints upon her faco came out; her features sharpened, as they had a way of doing when sho was tired ; and sho had little olso to do that evening than think how tired sho was, for hor husband observing, as ho remarked afterwards, that sho did not feel like talking, kindly entertained her friond himself. As they went up stairs for tho night, it struck him, for tho first timo in his lifo, that Harrie had a snubbed nose. It annoyed him, bo- causo sho was his wife, and ho loved her, and liked to feel that she was as well looking as other women. "Tour friend is a bright girl," ho said, encouragingly, when Harrie had hushed a couple of childron, and sat wearily down to unbutton hor boots. "I think you will find her moro easy to entertain than Cousin Meliitabol." Then, seeing that Harrio answered absently, and how exhausted sho looked, ho expressed his sorrow that sho should liavo worked so long ovo'r tho shirts, and kissed hor as he spoko, wliilo Harrio cried a little, and felt as if sho would cut them all over again for that. Tho next day Miss Dallas and Mrs. Sharpo sat seiving together ; Harrio cramping hor shoulders and blackeuing her hands over a patch on Rocko's rough little trousers ; Paulino playing idly with purple and orange wools — her fingers wero whito, and she sank with grace into the warm colours of tlio arm chair ; the door was open into the hall, and Dr. Sharpo passed by, glancing in as ho passed. " Tour husband is a very intelligent man, Harrio," observed Miss Dallas, studying hor lavenders and lemons thoughtfully. " I was much interested in what ho said about pro-Adamic man last evening." "Tos," said Harrio, "ho knows a great deal. I always thought so." Tho littlo trousors slipped from hor black fingers by-and-by, and lior eyes wandered out of tho window absently. She did not know anything about pro-Adamic man. At the tea table tbo Doctor foil to tho re constructing tho country, and Miss Dallas, who was quite a politician in Miss Dallas's way, observed that tho horizon looked brighter sinco Tennessee's admittance, and that sho hoped that tho clouds, &c.; — and what did ho , think of Brownlow ? &c.;, &c.; " Tennessee !" exclaimed Harrie ; " why, how long has Tennessee been in ? I didn't know anything about it." Miss Dallas smiled kindly. Dr. Sharpo bit his lip, and his faco flushed. " Harrie, you really ought to read tho papers," ho said, with somo impatience ; it's no wonder you don't know anything." " How should I know anything, tied to tho children all day f " Harrio spoko quickly, for the hot tears sprang. "Why didn't you tell mo something about Tonnesseo. Tou never talk politics with mo." This began to bo awkward ; Miss Dallas, who never interfered— on principle — between hus band and wife, gracefully took up the baby, and gracefully swung her dainty Geneva watch for tho child's amusement, smiling brilliantly. She could not enduro babies, but you would never have suspected it. In fact, when Pauline had.beon in tho house four or five days, Harrie, who never thought very much of herself, became so painfully alivo to her own deficiencies that sho fell into a permanent fit of low spirits, which did not add either to her appearance or her vivacity. " Pauline is so pretty and bright," sho wroto to rao, "I always knew I was a little- fool. Tou can bo a fool beforo you aro married, just as woll as not. Then, when you have threo babies to look after, it is too lato to make yourself over. I try very hard now to read tho newspapers, only Myron does not know it." Ono morning something occurred to Mrs. Sharpe. It was simply that hor husband had spent every evening at home for a week. She was in tho nursery when tho thought struck her, rocking slowly in her low sewing-chair, holding tho baby in one arm and trying to darn stockings with the other. ' Paulino was — sho did not really know where. Was not that licr voice upon the porch ? The rocking-chair stopped sharply, and Harrio looked down through the blinds. Tho Doctor's horso was tied at tho gate. Tho Doctor sat fanning himself with his hat in one of the garden-chairs ; Miss Dallas occupied the other ; she was chatting, and twisting her golden wools about her fingers — it was noticeable that sho used only golden wools that morning ; her dress was palo blue, and tho effect of tho purples would not have been good. " I thought your calls wero going to take till dinner, Myron," called Harrie, through tho blinds. " I thought so too," said Myron, placidly, "but they do not seem to. Won't you come down ?" Harrie thankod him, saying, in a pleasant, nonchalant way, that she could not Icavo tho baby. It was almost tho first bit of acting that tho child had over been guilty of — for tho baby was just going to sleep, and slio knew it. Sho turned away from tho window quietly. Sho could not have boon angry, and scolded ; or noisy, and cried. Sho put littlo Harrio into hor cradle, crept _ _ i _ upon the bed. and lay perfectly still for a long time. When the dinner-hell" rang, and she < got up to brush her hair, that absent apathetic i look of which I have spoken had left her eyes, i A stealthy brightness came and went in' them, which her husband might have observed il he and Miss Dallas had not been deep in the Woman qnostion. Pauline saw it ; Pauline saw everything. "Why did you not come down and sit with ns this morning r" she asked reproachfully, when she and Harrie were alone after dinner. I don't want your husband to feel thiit he must, run away from you to entortaiu mo." "My husband's ideas of hospitality aro generous," said Mrs. Sharpe. " I liavo always found him as ready to make it pleasant hero for my company as for his own." Sho made this littlo, speech with dignity. Did both women know it for the farce it was ? To do Miss Dallas justice — I am not sure. Sho was not a bad-hearted woman. Sho was a handsome woman. She had come to Lime to enjoy herself. Those September days and nights wero fair there by tho dreamy sea. On tho whole, I am inclined to think that sho did not know exactly what she was about. Myron Sharpo loved his wife. Of course he did. Ho began, about this time, to state tho fact to himself several times a day. Had sho not been all tho world to him when ho wooed and won her in her rosy, ripening days ? Was sho not all the world to liim now that a bit of soreness had crept upon her, in a married lifo of eight hard-working years. That she had grown a littlo sore, he felt somewhat keenly of late. Sho had a dreary, draggled look at breakfast, after tho children had cried at night — and the nights when Mrs. Sharpc's children did not-cvy were liko angels' visits. It was perhaps tho moro noticeable, because Miss Dallas had a peculiar colour and coolness and sparkle in tho morning, liko that of opening flowors. Sho had not been up till midnight with a sick baby. It was observ able that, in proportion to tho frequency with which ho found it natural to remark his fondness for Harrie, his attentions to her in creased. Ho inquired tenderly aftor her head aches ; he brought hor flowers, when ho anil Miss Dallas walked in the autumn woods ; ho was particular about her shawls and. wraps ; ho begged hor to sail and drive with them ; he took pains to draw his chair beside hers on tho porch ; ho patted her hands and played with her soft hair. Harrio's clear eyes puzzled over this for a day or two ; but by-aud-byo it must liayo boon noticed that she refused his rides, shawled herself, wns apt to bo with tho children when ho called her, and shrank, in a quiet way, from his touch. Ono morning, at tho break fast-tablo, Miss Dallas calmly . obsorved that sho should go homo on Friday. Dr. Sharpo dropped his ' cup ; Harrio wiped up tho tea. " My dear ' Miss Dallas — surely — wo cannot let you go , yet ! Harrio ! Can't you keep your friend r" j Harrio said tho proper thing in a low tone. | Paulino repeated her determination with much decision, and was afraid that lior visit had : been moro of a burden than Harrio, with all , hor caro, was ablo to bear. Dr. Sharpo pushed back his chair noisily, anil left tho I room. Ho went and stood by tho parlour I window. Tho man's faco was whito. "What business had tho days to closo down beforo him liko agranito wall, because a woman with long trains and whito hands was going out of thorn ? Harrio's patient voice camo in through tho open door: "Tos, yes, yes, Rocko ; mother is tired to-day ; wait a minute." Tho air grew sweet with tho sudden scent of helio trope, aud Miss Dallas pushed asido the curtain gently. " I may havo that sail across tho bay before I go ? It premises to bo fair to morrow." Ho hesitated. " I suppose it will bo our last," said tho lady, softly. Sho was rather sorry when sho had spokon, for sho really did not mean anything, and was sur prised at the sound of hor own voico. But they took tho sail. Harrio watched them off — her husband did not invito her to go on that occasion — with that stealthy sharpness in her oyes. Her lips and hands and fore head wore burning. Sho had boon cold all day. A sound liko tho tolling of a boll beat in hor ears. Tho children's voices -wero choked and distant. Sho wondered if Biddy were drunk, she seemed to dance about so at her ironing-table, and wondered if sho must dis miss her, and who could supply her place. She tried to put my room in order, for sho was expecting mo that night by tho last train, but gavo up tho undertaking in weariness and confusion. In fact, if Harrio had been one of tho doctor's patients ho would havo sent her to bed and prescribed for brain- fever. As she was not a patient, but only his witp, he had not found out that anything ailed her. Nothing happened whilo ho was gone, except that a friond of Biddy's "dropped in," and Mrs. Sharpo, burning and shivering in her sewing- chair, dreamily caught through tliq open door, and dreamily repeated to hcrsolf a dozen words of Irish broguo : " Folks as laves folks cryin' to homo" and goes sailin' round with other women — " Then the wind latched tho door. Tho Doctor and Miss Dallas drew in their oars, and floated softly. There were grey and silver clouds overhead, and all tho lights upon tho sea slanted from low -.in tho west; it was a rod light, in which the bay grew warm ; it struck across Paulino's hands, which sho dipped as the mood .took her into tho waves, leaning upon tho sido of tho boat, looking down. into tho water. Ono other sail ' only t was to be seen upon tho bay. They watched it for a whilo. . It dropped into, the west, and sunk from sight. Thoy wero silent for a timo, and tlion they talked of friendship, and nature, and eternity, and then were silent for a timo again, aud then spoke — in a very i general and proper way — of separation and communion in spirit, and broke off softly, and tho boat roso and fell upon tho strong outgoing tide. Tho west, paling a littlo, left a haggard look upon tho doctor's face. "An honest man," tho. Doctor was saying — "an honest man, who loves his wifo devotedly, but who cannot find in hor that sympathy which his higher nature requires, that comprehension of his intellectual needs, that — " "I always feel a compassion for such a man," interrupted Miss Dallas, gently. " Such a man," questioned tho Doctor in a pensivo tone, " need not bo debarred, by the shallow conventionalities of an unappreciativo world, from a friendship which will rest, strengthen, and ennoble his weary soul ?" Now Myron Sharpo is not a fool, but that is precisely what he said to Miss Paulino Dallas, out in tho boat on that Sep tember night. If wiser men than Myron Sharpo nover uttered moro unpardonablo nonsenso under similar circnmstances, cast your stones at him. " Seo !" said Miss Dallas with a sigh ; " how dark it has grown whilo we have been talking. Wo shall bo caught in a squall ; but I shall not bo at all afraid — will you r" They wero caught indeed, not Nilv in a storm, but in tho steady force of a driving north-easterly storm setting in dog- iredly with a very ugly fog. If Miss Dallas was not at all a fin ill — with him, she was nevertheless not sorry when they grated safely on the dull whito beach. They had a hartl pull in against tho tide. Sky and seii wero black. Tho fog crawled like a ghost over flat and cliff and field. The rain beat upon them as they turned to walk np the beach. Paulino onco stopped suddenly. " What was that r" "I heard nothing." "A cry — I fancied a cry down there in tho fog." Thoy went back, and walked down tho slip pery shore for a space. Miss Dallas took off her hat to listen. " Tou will take cold," said Dr. Sharpe, anxiously. She pnt it on ; she hoard nothing — sho was tired aud excited, lie said. They walked homo together. Miss Dallas had sprained her whito wrist, trying to help at tho oars ; ho drew it gently through his arm. It was quite dark when they reached the house. No lamps wero lighted. Tho parlour window had been left open, and tho rain was beating in. " How careless in Harrie !" said hor husband, impatiently. He remembered those words, aud tho sound of his own voice in saying them, for a long timo to co mo ; ho remembers them now, indeed, I fancy, on rainy nights when tlio liouso is dark. Tho hall was cold and dreary. No table was set for supper. Tho children wero all crying. Dr. Sharpo pushed open tho kitchen door with a stern faco. " Biddy ! Biddy ! what does all this moan ? Wlicro is Mrs. Sharpo r" "Tho Lord only knows what it manos, or whero is !Mrs. Sharpe," said Biddy, sullenly. " It's high timo, in my -own belafo, for her husband to como aslikin' and inquirin', her closo all in a liapo on tho floor up-stairs, with her bath- dress gono from tho nails, and tho front door swingiu' — mo never findin'- of it out till it comes tay-timo, with all tho children cryin' on mo, and me head shplit with tho noise, and " ! Dr. Sharpo strode in a bewildered way to tlio front door. Oddly enough, tho first thing lie did was to tako down tho thermometer and look at it. Gono out to batho in a tempera ture liko that ! His mind ran liko lightning, while lie hung the thing back upon its nail, over Harrio's ancestry. Was there not a traditionary great uncle who died in an asylum ? The whole future of tlireo children with an insane mother spread itself out beforo him whilo ho was buttoning his overcoat. "Shall I go and help you find hor?" asked Miss Dallas, tremulously ; " or shall I stay and look after hot flannels and — things ? What shall I dor" "I don't caro what you do ?" said tho Doctor, savagely. To his justice bo it recorded that ho did not. Ho would not liavo exchanged ono glimpse of Harrio's littlo homely faco just then for an etornity of sunset- sailing with the " friend of his soul." A sudden cold loathing of her possessed him ; ho hated tho sound of licr soft voice ; he hated tho rustle of her garments, as ' sho leaned against tho door with her handkerchief at her oyes. Did ho remember at that moment an old vow, spoken on an old October day, to that littlo missing face ? Did ho comfort himself thus, as he stepped out into the storm, "Tou havo ' trusted her,' Myron Shai'po, as 1 your best eart hly friend ?' " As luck, or Providence, or God — whichever word you prefer — decreed it, tho Doctor had but just shut the door when ho saw mo driving from tho station through tho rain. I heard enough of the story while ho was helping me down tho carriage stops. I loft my bonnet and bag with Miss Dallas, pulled my water proof over my head, and we turned our faces to tho sea without a word. Tho doctor is a man who thinks and acts rapidly in emei'gencios, and littlo timo was lost about help and lights. Tot when all was done which could bo done, wo stood there upon tho slippery wucd-strewn sand, and looked in ono another's faces helplessly. Harrio's little boat was gono. Tho sea thundered out boyond tho bar. The fog hung a dead weight upon a buried world. Our lanterns cut it for a foot or two in a ghostly way, throwing a pale whito light back upon our faces, and tho weeds and bits of wreck under our feet. Tho tide had turned. We put out into tho surf, not know ing what to do, and called for Harrio ; wo leaned on. our oars to listen, ard hoard tho wator drip into tho boat, and tlio dull thunder beyond tlio bar ; wo called again, and heard a frightened seagull scream. "This y ore's wastin' valooablo time," said Hansom, de cidedly. I forgot to say that it was George Hansom whom Myron had picked up to help us. Anybody iu Limo would tell you who George Hansom is. I cannot accurately tell yon what ho did with us that night. I have confused memories of searching shore and cliffs and caves, of touching at littlo islands and inlets that Harrio fancied ; of the peculiar echo which answered our shouting ; of the look that settled littlo by littlo aliout Dr. Sharpc's mouth ; of tho sobbing of tho low wind ; of tho flare of lanterns on gaping green waves ; of spots of foam that writhed liko nests of whito snakes ; of noticing the puddles iu tho bottom of tho boat, and of wondering con fusedly what they would do to my travelling- dross, at tho vory raomont when I saw — I was tho first to soo it — a littlo empty boat ; of our hauling alongside of tho tossing, silent thing ; of a bit of a rod scarf that lay coiled in its stern ; of our drifting by, and speakmg never a word ; of our coasting along aftor that for a milo down tho bay, because' there was nothing in tho world to tako us there but tho dread of seeing tlio Doctor's oyes when wo should turn. It was thoro that wo hoard tho fii-st cry. "It is seaward ;" cried tho Doctor. " It is behind ns !" said I. Whero was it ? A sharp, sob bing cry, striking tho mist threo or four times inrapid succession — hushing suddenly — break ing into shrieks liko a frightened child's — dying plaintively down. Wo struggled des perately after it through tho fog. Wind and water took tho sound up and tossed it about. Confused and bewildered, wo boat about it and about it ; it was behind us, boforo ns, at our right, at our loft — crying on in a blind, harmless way, making us no replies — beckon ing us, slipping from us, mocking us utterly. Tlio Doctor stretched his hands out upon tho solid wall of mist ; ho groped with them liko a man struck blind. " To die there — in my very hearing — without a chanco " And while tho words wore upon his lips tho cries ceased. Ho turned a grey faco slowly around, shivered a littlo, then smiled a littlo, then be gan to arguo with ghastly clieorfulncss : " It must bo only for a moment you know. Wo shall hear it again — I am quito sure wo shall hear it again, Hansom !" Hansom, making a falso stroke, I bcliovo for tho first timo in his lifo, snapped an oar and overturned a lantern. Wo put ashoro for repairs. Tho -wind was rising last. Somo drift-wood, covered with slimy weeds, washod heavily up at our foot. 1 remember that a littlo disabled ground- sparrow, chased by the tide, was fluttering and drowniug just in sight, and 'that Myron drew it out of tho water, and held it up for a moment to his cheek. Bending over tho ropes, Georiro spoko between bis teeth tome: "It may be a night's job on't, findiii' of tho body." "Tbo whuff' Tho poor little sparrow dropped from I)r. Sharpc's baud. Ho took a step backwards, scanned our faces, sat down dizzily, and fell over upon the sand. lie is a man of good nerves and great self-possession, but befell liko a woman, and lay like tho dead. " It's no place for him," Hansom said, softly. "Got him home. Me and the neighbours can do the rest. Get him home, and put his baby into his arms, and shot the door, and go about your business." I had left him in tho dark on tho office floor at last. Miss Dallas and T sat in tho cold parlour and looked at each other. Tho firo was low and tho lamp dull. The rain bent in an uncanny way upon tho windows. I nover liko to hear the rain upon tho windows. I liked it less than usual that night, and was just trying to brighten the fire a littlo when tho front door blew open. " Shut it, please," said I, between the jerks of my poker. But Miss Dallas looked . over her shoulder and shivered. " Just look at that latch, !" I looked at that latch. It roso and fell in a feeble fluttering — was still for a minute — roso and fell again. Whou tho door swung in, and Harrio — or tho ghost of her — staggered into the chilly room and fell down in a scarlet heap at my feet. Paulino bounded against tho wall with a scream which pierced" into tho dark office whore tho Doctor lay with his faco upon tho floor. It was long boforo we knew tho poor child's story. Indued, I suppose wo havo nover known it all. How sho glided down, a littlo red wraith, through tlio dusk and damp to her boat ; how sho tossed about, with somo dim delirious idea of finding Myron on tho ebbing waves ; that sho found herself stranded and tangled at last iu tho long matted grass of that muddy covo, started to wado homo, and sunk iu the ugly ooze, Hold, chilled, and scratched by tho long grass, blinded and frightened by tho fog, and calling, as sho thought of it, for help : that in tho first shallow wash of the flowing tido sho must ' havo struggled J'rco, and found lior way homo across tho fields — sho can tell us, but "sho can tell no moro. This very morning on which I write, an unknown man, imprisoned in tho samo spot in tho same way overnight, was found by Georgo Hansom dead thoro from exposure in tho salt grass. It was tho walk homo, and only that, which could havo saved her. Tet for many weeks wo fought, hor husband and I, hand to hand with death, seeming to see the life slip out of her, and watching for wandering minutes when sho might look upon us with sane eyes. Wo kept her — just. A mere littlo wreck, with drawn lips, aud groat oyos, and shattered nerves — but wo kept her. Tho day that Mrs. Sharpo sat up in an casy- clmir for two hours, Miss Dallas, who had felt called upon to stay aud nurse her dear Harrio to recover, and had really been of service, detailed on duty among tlio babies, went homo. Dr. Sharpo drove her to tho station. I accompanied them at his request. Miss Dallas intended, I think, to look a littlo pensivo, but had hor lunch to cram into a very full travelling-bag, and forgot it. The Doctor, with clear, courteous eyes, shook hands, and wished her a pleasant journey. He drovo homo in silence, and wont directly to his wife's room. A bright blaze flickered on the old- fashioned fireplace, and tho walls bowed with pretty dancing shadows. Harrio, all alono, turned her faco weakly and smiled. Well, thoy mado no fuss about it aftor all. Her husband camo and stood beside lior ; a cricket on which ono of tho baby's dresses had been thrown lay between them ; it seemed, for the moment, as' if he dared not cross tho tiny barrier. Something of that old fancy about tho lights upon tho altar may havo crossed Ins thoughts. "So Miss Dallas has fairly gone, Harrie," said ho pleasantly, after a pause. "Tes. Sho has boon kind to tlio children whilo I havo been sick." "Very." "Ton must miss her." said poor Harrio, trembling ; she was very weak yet. Tho doctor knocked awav the cricket, folded his wife's two shadowy hands into his own, and said : " Harrio, we havo no strength to waste, either of us, upon a scene ; but I am sorry I and lovo you." Sho broke all down at that, and, dear me ! they almost had a seono in spite of themselves. For 0, sho had always known what a littlo goose sho was ; and Paulino never meant any harm, and how handsome sho was, you know ! only sho didn't havo threo babies to look aftoi', nor a snubbed nose either, and tho saehet powder was only American, and the vory servants knew, and, 0 Myron ! slio had wanted to bo dead so long, and then — " Harrio !" said tho doctor, at his wits' end, this will never do in the world. I believe — I declare ! — Miss Hannah ! — Iboliovo 1 must send you to bod." "And thon I'm suchn little skeleton !" finished Harrio, loyally, with a great gulp. Dr. Sharpo gathered tho littlo skeleton all into a heap in his arms — it was a very funny heap, by tho way, but that doesn't mattor — and to tho best of my know ledge and beliof ho cried just about as hard as sho did. 