ENTERTAINMENTS. THB THEATEEB. ft0. " Give lear# " Te apeak my aaibL"-~8BiKsmaa. Tennyson's Mariana was "aweary," and she wished that she were dead, and many reasons are assigned in tb« ™>»- - ' * - avbovuo (MO WUIJUW m;l WWQhBhft ia toe subject, explanatory pi toe cause of her weariness, and in iuBtsfimi«A« -«• - die. and tumble-do— "" r ,*"*Was tbe moist ruinous desdpflorW o£ in toe horrid twilight; toe cock crew^?*"* o'clock a.m. ; and about toe tonrehour th«n!!! mo&ried.; There was a sluice near toe iS?* containing ' stagnant water; unuleiS* blackandfetad; a solitary poplar atwiut* an overgrown ghost overlooking her 17 damp winds came howlmgup from tiTT* and damp shadows of the overgrown iJST fell across her bed; the doors contiS creaked on their rusty hinges; a nennZr btte-toWe l»n*d mouse was always nibbling behind 'thl wainscot; and faces and footsteps that sh* thought she saw and heard, glimmered Z walked through the rooms. Thun «. tfcktlS, 5"? had a mind to drive her mad, and anim pndent sparrow that chirruped on thereof and would not tiy away. You can hardlv wonder, therefore, that Mariana was awearv But if Mariana had lived later and had Mr. Talbot's Cardinal Wolsey, her weariness would have been complete. It wouldhave been the last of all the intolerable straws that promised to break her back. Her wish would have been gratified; she could never have survived it. She would have given in, like the racoon of history, which is understood to have come down from his tree, and allowed himself to be annihilated without a struggle, when he saw who was aiming at him, p0I Mr. Thibet's Cardinal Wolsey is something yon may see once; but which yon will do well not to venture upon a second time To be sure, this caution maybe given with reference to most — perhaps all — that he does ; but |there are degrees and degrees, and the Cardinal Wolsey is not of the highest degree. It illustrates his preaching proclivities in their most precipitous form. Perhaps Mr. Talbot thinks that as Cardinal Wolsey was a priest, It is quite right to mftyfr him pieafch; but if he preached in his time as Mr. Talbot preaches in his, one can readily understand (he prejudice that was raised against him. Perhaps Mr. Talbot wishes to throw anew light upon history, and to show that.the sacerdotal Lord Chancellor owed his overthrow to the habit he had of inflicting prosy 'speeches upon King Henry. Certes, King Henry was quite justified in treating his minister and confessor with severity if he bored him as Mr. Talbot bored Mr. Rogers, and through him the audience. For he worked his voice into so peculiar a hoarseness that one might have fancied he had supped tbe night before on rusty gridirons. He seemed to take the most supremepainstospeakaslittle like un accomplished priest sb possible. My own experience of priests is that they are very soft-spoken gentlemen ; they have velvety voices, and do not roar and make vocal lunges. I am not speaking of your common cushion thumper, of toe Hawworm description. Bat, indeed, your Mawwonns roar softly when, vulgarly HpfnViwg, frVmy «ro "rmfrnf thft wand.' Cardinal Wolsey, I need hardly sty, was one of the most accomplished men of his day. He was not an ascetic; and he did not go about toe streets groaning. He was essentially a .of .the world, and his success in life depended, no doubt, very mnch upon the ease and pleasantness of his manners. He never could have been the chief est man in all the realm; if be bad comported himself« Mr. Talbot comports himself.- I have always had a secret liking for Wolsey. I lite any man, of raimt, who climbs to emi nence by his own determined power of dinging to tbe rocks and branches. 1 am clear that Wolsey was a man who had many private friends, whose friendship be had acquired by toe gentlemanly style of bis address: If it bad been possible for Mr Talbot to disDlnsaonise me of my liking for Cardinal Wolsey, he would have done it But he did not I retain myidealCaidinaL The Talbot cardinal tried to push the other car. dinalfrom bis stool, Jbnt he failed to push bin,. He may have jostled hjre b>r» moment, but it was only a jostiingj.The ideal Wolsey holds his place, and the Wowy of Talbot is happily fading frommy recol lection. ' Thus also of toe brotbers Dei Franchi It may Jbe"' a queetion as to whether all die pretty notions about mysterious sympathies ...i.." Vnf : onut 7iJ DVUUW WW", — • " rtj. are ^nbt'die ^purest nonsense, but, japw* \- fysfly to aooeP* bom psychology; I am ready to, «w toe#P)tioajas a pleasing po?#osl,conceit, sad I . h^ye ioqg «^ |d<^qro^ the brothers ia wd rimErodgurn mwt hot wind day; & I «ei|c ii to^^toarqued'ibe^ widefe iw*m>mmiaflMili*gbr masting ?mh tnakatnartioabio. Hp* fahia * *mr- ffgyh"* • —u- 'wmumtie taijsiifM haven»' desiro has never varied; the outside -K, been changed. For ft moment per. fbs tbe different appearance oi the volume Suggested that it was a different work, Snt yon had only to look into it to see that t the same as heretofore. It might be a !i fficult task to guess what nature intended JL Talbot for, butit is assuredly not difficult ^conclude that she never intended him for Standing out prominently kmong the other1 characters in the pieces presented during the ' week, I may particularise Mrs. Hill's Madame riflLesparre, which was graceful and ladylike;; LMarie (in "The Corrican Brothers") of Miss Rogers; the Orlando pf Mr. Greviile; the Henry VIII. of Mr. Rogers, and the Queen Katherine of Mrs. Steele. And speaking of «Heniy VIII." I may say that, with about two exceptions, the ladies and gentlemen concer ned in tbe cast gave sutffi a mangled mass of vords in place of the text, that it might have keen Cibber's Shakspeare chopped up and mixed with "Three-Fingered Jack" for any resemblance it bore to the language that ought to have been spoken. iast night week the performances were for the benefit of Miss Forde, who is going, or probably has gone, to New Zealand, where I fervently hope she wil have plenty of opportunity of getting rid of her faults and of perfecting her good qualities. There was a long bill—too long hut some portions of the performance were worth staying for, particularly the " Rustic prima Donna," with Mr. Rogers as the nervous Cockney tourist It was possible to enjoy his acting all the more, by reason of having sat out the Duke Aranza of Mr. Talbot in •'The Honeymoon," which was in his un modified manner. The burlesque of the "Maid and the Magpie" came last, and there was a song between by a "Captain Gus Pierce," which song had better have been left out. I do not think " Captain Gus. Pierce" is a desirable acquisition to a performance at the Theatre Royal, if the song he sang, and which the bills described as a " success- ful entertainment," be a sample of what he can do. The point of the " successful enter- tainment " seemed to be the proffering of a piece of advice that it is better to " get drunk again." There has been great controversy of late between Mr. Walter Montgomery, in Sydney, and what is to be understood to be criticism at large in Melbourne. I have refrained from joining in the controversy, first, because I think such controversies ought never to be; secondly, because I did not think I was con cerned in it ; and thirdly, because there was a good deal to be said on both rides, and a controversialist must take one side or none. If you desire my candid opinion, it is this— I think it was contemptible and detestable on the part of those persons who wrote ill natured paragraphs about Mr. Montgomery's private habits or personal peculiarities. Such ill-conditioned snobs ought to be kicked to Hades. A man, even though he be a trage dian, has surely a right to wear what sort of a coat he likes, or ride what coloured horse he likes, or take refuge from a shower in a Hansom cab if he likes, or call at his bootmaker's at any honr of the day he likes, or be proud of being patronised by a prince if he likes, or take care of a prince's dog if he likes. On the other hand, I think that because the ill-conditioned snobs lurked in corners, note-book in hand, to record such personal characteristics as these, and because infamous newspapers gave inser tion to paragraphs detailing them, the subject of the paragraphs erred greatly in ringing wholesale charges against critics in general, and in denouncing them all and sundry as venal. It was like shooting at a crowd to kill one particular man. You may kill one man, but it is very likely to be the wrong man. I think, moreover, that matters of a private nature, or which have been tpoken. of in the intimacy of friendship or close acquaintance, ought not under any circumstances to be made public. For there are a hundred things being continually said by one man to another, without the enjoin neat of secresy, which it would be a high breach of honourable dealing to make the subject of public comment. It is no justifica tion to_ say that injuries provoke men to retaliation, for there are some kinds of retaliation that ought never to be made use of. I therefore deeply regret that Mr. Mont gomery should have allowed his anger to betray him into making mention, in letters •o the newspapers, of matters which, even •apposing they might help him to justify uimKlf, be could only mention by committing aaenons hbeabh of confidence. For there is an end to all confidence, and all trust, and •U friendship, if the inner thoughts that some times take the shape of words are to be cried opt cpon the houae»toD6. JAQUES. 