iirfefaflS from p*Ur*roroe gtwrb. SHUT UP. Hundreds of pounds are being paid for placarding dead, walls (who ever heard of a live one?), cautioning folks not to shop after six o'clock; and yet walk through any crowded thoroughfare at night-, and behold the brilliantly-lighted shopwindow, filled with gaudy merchandise alluringly ticketed at the most moderate of prices. What an anomaly to tempt one to purchase,and yet at the same time to caution against it. The success of the early-closing movement depends upon the tradesman, not the customer. The best earlyclosing movement is to put up the shutters at 6 o clock. C0N S - TTTU Where does a soldier keep his chronometer?—In his watch-box. What >> uai is it the best topcoat for a ghost?—A spirit (w)rapper. What. si should frighten the ladies from going to drapers?-" Alarming" sacrifices. JY*^?? 1^ do when deprived of his beak ?—Call for his bill. .When is a servant the sweetest?-When she finds herself m sugar. When is a man most likely to be done?—When he is only ' half-baked." What is never left till called for?—The right arm. What are "fancy" goods?-Often things that people don t fancv. THOUGHTS IN A BALLROOM. The mendicant at an evening party is the man who asks f«r trifle. The belle of the room is generally surrounded with would-be ringers. The dowagers that don't dance look whist-fully at the card-tables. He is a matter-of-fact fellow who, while helping the ladies to chicken, omits to make a joke about the merry-thought. . QUERIES. Who is the wife of Father Time, the daughter of Mother Church, the parent of the rising son. and the husband of the housewife. What men are invariably on the move?-Chess> men. NATURAL HISTORY. The cat is the most useful animal in the winter, as, directly she sees a mouse, she "makes a spring." The dog is valuable, his "bark" being a oresenratave. The cow gives us the juicy steak, and her milk ia an udder source of benefit to the human race. The horse is invaluable to men. He does not yield us milk, although a beast ef draught The deer is hunted for pastime. Scotland ia very deer to the Scotch; hence the oft-quoted remark, " My hart's m the Highlands." Fish have not feet. This is strange, as we have only to go to the fishmonger to beholdthe sole, the (h)eel, and the skate. Bulls are not alwayB good eating. No one can cook the Pope's bull, nor eat an Irish one. The rollicking-ram is not often Been on a sheep* run, although a fast animal. VARIOUS. CURIOUS LIMBS.—The arm of the sea, a foot of land, the finger of scorn, a hand of pork, the elbow of a gas-pipe, the knees of a ship, and the forearm which is connected with being fore-warned. THE man that devours the magazines uses a paper-knife. AN UNPLEASANT CONVICTION.—Found guilty of feleny. A TOUGH LIQUID.—A stiff glass of grog. TREES NOT OFTEN TO BE MET WITH.—Those bearing the apple of discord, dead nuts, happy pairs, the fruits iruits of ot industry, millionaire's plums. plums, chronological dates, figs of tobacco, ocean currents! and statesmen's (s)peaches. Also the boot, axle! and saddle trees, rPrr THE T " INVENTOR — OF WAXWORX.—The bee THE FIRST THRASHING- MACHINE.—The schoolmaster of old. XVOT NOT BAD FOR UEORGE.—At GEORGE.—At the meeting of the Old Id Colonists Self-Glontirat.inn Self-Glontication Rnraohr Society Mr M> Georee Coppin is reported to have said that they (the old colonists) should advertise themselves more Thii is certainly certainlv friend George's Menrm'n latest In toot move, and „„ i most .„„„•• likely iineiy will rai turn out more successful than his Billthe 1Qtfa« latter only paste. ^ Bill* stickers Company. The former is a diamond, bnt A QUESTION SOLVED.—It has been stated that the Coming Man will arrive upon a velocipede. As there are numerous accidents with these machines, the Coming Man may perhaps come to grief. WANTED.—The glass used ia framing the Estimates, the hand that grasps the salient points, the umbrella used in a shower of applause, and a tureenfull of the sauce that is as good for the gander as the goose. THE RULING PASSION.—A musical friend of ours eatB his meals with a tuning-fork. A draper that we deal with always eats ging-hams, and builds with cam-brics. There is a man at Sprins Creek that digs with a shovel hat. Our dairyman butters his bread upon both sides, and a melancholy acquaintance has been drowned in tears. . VERY LIKE A WHALE.—A staunch teetotaller in England is agitating for the destruction of bottle-nose whales, and in order to convert the fish from their drinking propensities, has engaged the services of a whale that spouts. THE HAT FOR AN IRRITABLE MAN. —The pepper-castor. INQUISITIVE TIMBER.—A board of enquiry. THE MAN FOR THE FIGHT.—An arm-y chaplain. HOUSEHOLD WORDS.—" What's for dinner." THE POOR MAN'S MUFFIN.—The ragamuffin. No MEAT COMPANION.—The vaga-bone. A REFLECTION.—The man who does not believe in colonial wine declares that in good old port there is meat and drink. First swallow the wine, and then eat the crust. QUERIES.—What sort of a revel is a revelationt —Is satis-faction a nice "party?"—Does department mean going? or depart-mental loss of reason?—Is a congregation of donkeys an assembly'—And must a gun be taken into a Police Court when a prosecutor wishes to withdraw a charee? QUITE RIGHT.—A friend who owns a valuable horse objects to turning him into a paddock for fear he should graze his knees. A LOAD OF G(U)LLT. — The mace of the Sergeant-at-Arms. WHAT IS NEXT TO EATING TURKEY.—Drinking Sublime Porte. WHAT A BARBER MUSTN'T DO.—Lather his wife. CHEAP QUIETUDE.—A threepenny peace. A LARGE KINGDOM.—Our two gold fish—they have a globe all to themselves. A NEGATIVE MOVEMENT.—Shaking the head. SCIENTIFIC. The roll of the drum may be accomplished by letting the instrument run down the hill. Feelins pulse can be done with facility in any bean-fiela. Tapping a beer barrel is easy enough; gently strike the side with the forefinger. To square the circle —borrow a wedding ring and then use a hammer. To dissolve a lady in tears-snatch up the baby and throw it out of window. To find a right-angled triangle—go to a musical-instrument-seller. To discover an unknown quantity—fill a bucket with sand and then begin to count the grains. To test spirits—taste some of your wine-merchant's. To ascertain the present value of gold—try to borrow a sovereign. To find the age of the moon—ask her; you can make an observation through a telescope, if she does not hear you in the first instance. Dry nurses are never in a perspiration. PORT ADELAIDE HARMONIC SOCIETY.—The Port Adelaide Harmonic Society may now be considered fairly established, and with every prospect of success. Through the energy of the promoters the roll already numbers 15 members, and a first-class pianoforte has been purchased. Nearly all the present members are well known amateurs, and it is hoped that the co-operation of all loven of harmony will be secured. The firet practice meeting took place on Monday evening, and the future meetings have been fixed for the same evening in each week. LECTURE AND CONCERT.—A lecture and concert in aid of St. Lawrence's Church will be given this evening in St. Francis Xavier's Hall, Wakefieldstreet. The Right Rev. Dr. Shiel will preside, and the Very Rev. J. Smyth, V.G., will deliver the lectuie, as per advertisement. LICENSING OF PUBLIC-HOUSES.—The deputation f rom the commercial travellers' meeeting, held last week, is to wait upon the Attorney-General afc 2 o'clock to-day. 