GROWING BALD FROM LOVE. A Bit each of promi3Q case was tried at the recent Nottingham assises. Plaintiff is the daughter of Mr Symington, a surgeon, residing at Dewsbury, iu Yorkshire ; the defendant, John Ktheringtoii, is an independent gentleman, and resides on his own property at Sneinton, near Nottingham. P.aiutiff is forty years of age and defendant about fifty-one. Mr Digby Seymour said his client had sacrificed the bloom of hpr early youth for the defendant. There were 134 letters, thirty-four of which were on his brief. In one of these he wrote (1858) " I'll never leave, deceive, nor forsake you. Forty summers have I wandered in this terrestrial scene, tossed by various tempests. ... I feel still at a Ios3 to comprehend why you should hesitate for one moment to., let mo know your exact age. Can you think, my dearest, that I should allow my feelings towards you to be influenced or affected in the least, whether you are forty, fifty, or sixty ? Do not desert me ; and " Oh, lot no rival your affection share. Long as this bosom beats, ye lovely fair." I am hecomiug quite bald witli anxiety and trouble. Not to with you. You can spare ine one of your bright ringlets. I shall preserve it as a sacred token of your affec tion and love." In another letter of the same year the defend ant wrote : " I do highly appreciate your letters. They are short, but they are no less sweet and lovely, and embrace in a few words what it takes me .sheets to disclose But what is this enclosed m an envelope? It is not glass; no ! it is a reality. It is a lock of my dear Alice's hair. How comforting ! how exhilirating ! how beautiful 1 Where shall I place it ? Here, next to my heart — in the interior of my inside waistcoat pocket. There shall I preservo it as a precious token of unchangeable love. It shall remain in the envelope. Neither gold nor silver shall encircle it — they would debaso it." In his eagerness, he 6ays : " I would walk bare footed a hundred miles to see you, if only for a few days." In the course of a few year's defend ant's ardour cooled and he ceased correspondence with the plaintiff in 1803. She ' wrote to remonstrate, and her letters were unanswered. In 1808, however, the defendant wrote to her as follows : — " I am surprised at your intolerable impudence and audacity, and yet I need not be when I find, unfortunately, women so imprudent as to be constantly following, pestering, and boring men with their insatiable, affected, and selfish devotion and humbug, gratifying, no doubt, to those who merely consult their own interests and other people's pockets, but, be assured, commanding not the least sympathy of men, who regard this sort of conduct with pity mingled with contempt. I told you many years past that I declined all correspondence and all association with you in terms sufficiently explicit to convince the most senseless, aud for reasons which I had then aud uow good cause to entertain ; and yet, notwithstanding, by your note of yesterday you appear to have been following me with your ' puppish ' letters for years past, dogging my step and movement. What do you mean by this conduct? I don't wan't you. I would not be bothered with you at any price. I am not quite such a fool as that, although you may think so, us you treat me otherwise, and beware if you still persist in troubling and annoying me. I shall take other steps of protecting myself, and prevent you being any further aunoyance to me." Several witnesses were examined to show that the plaintiff hud suffered from great prostration since the engagement was broken off. The jury found ! a verdict f - the plaintiff — Damages, jegoo: Tiie Reputed Cure of Snaice Bite. — We learn from the Lancet that grave doubts are thrown upon the asserted efficacy of the " am monia " treatment of snake- bite, by Dr. Fayrer, the Professor of Surgery in the Medical Ccllege of Bengal. This gentleman has recently injected into the veins of a dog bitten in the thigh by a fresh, full-grown, spectacled cobra, a solution of strong ammonia, as directed by Professor Hal- ford ; in addition, he exhibited another dose by the mouth. In forty-four minutes and fifteen seconds the dog died. Similar results were oh-, tained with pigeons. Dr. Fayrer savs that death: is rather later than usual in those cases in which ammonia is given, perhaps; but the benefit of the drug is very small, though further experiments may show that, given in larger and freer doses, it may be of service. Dr. Fayrer performed the exact experiment the Lancet wished ; he npplied the antidote to the case of the bite by a known and highly poisonous snake. There were doubts in Professor Ilalford's cases as to the exact de gree of venomous power of the snakes which had bitten his patients. A fair bite from a fresh cobra is known to entail certain death, and the possession of the power on the part of a remedy to prevent equal consequences is at once the best proof of its antidotal qualities. Dr, Fayrer has likewise experimented with the antidote in the possession of a servant of Colonel Showers — to which recent reference has been made in the medical journals — and finds that it is utterly use less. Lociiinvar Outdone. — A peculiar incident oc curred a short time since in the vicinity of Hack ney, worth recording, from the fact of its being one of the rarest escapades in matrimonial his tory. An aged gentleman, of not very prepossess ing appearance, but nevertheless a perfect Croesus, was leading his bride, a girl of sweet sixteen, to the hymeneal altar. Six handsomely-dressed bridesmaids and a host of friends attended the couple to church. The bride was decked out in nuptial splendour, the roadway was lined with carriages and greys, and the whole scene pre sented an imposing effect ; the venerable gentle man led his bride up the aisle, and the ceremony ,of coupling them began. All went quietly enough till the clergyman came to the sentence " Will you take this man for your wedded husband?" wi-ei. she in a loud and solemn manner exclaimed, " I won't," She rose in an excited manner, darted out of the church, jumped into a carriage awaiting her outside, in which was seated the idol of hur choice ; off they went, to another church, not a thousand miles away, wore mar ried there and then, and are now living in happy wedlock. The 'event has created quite a sensa tion in the neighbourhood, and the interest has not yet abated. Self-Made Journalists. — James Wilson, the founder of the Economist — our best commercial paper — is a striking example of a " man rising by the Press.'-' His futher was a small hosier at Hawick, on the batiks of the Teviot, who had joined the Society of Friends, with ah eye, it was unkindly acid, to improving his business. James, one of a largo family, was born iu 1805, and ap prenticed to his father's business. He did not follow it, but came to London nnd started as a hatter. But he was not successful, and a similar experiment at Newcastle-on-Tyne was attended witli the same results. Turning his attention to statistics, he published several pamphlets on cur rency and commerce, and, in 1843, started the Economist, which first procured him a seat for Wustbury, and then office as Secretary to the Board of Control, and subsequently to the Trea sury. Just before going to India, in 1854, lie advised his printer, Mr Aird, to become a barrister. That gentleman, who had before shown great tact and talent as a writer, entered himself as a student in the Middle Temple ; but in consequence of " being in trade," was not called to the bar till nearly ten years after. Now, however, be is an udmitted barrister, and has deserted the press for the law. — Another self-made journalist is Mr Riseborough Sharman, sub editor of the Morning Advertiser, who rose from the composing room to the reader's closet, thence to the editor's room, aud a few years ago was also called to the bar of the Middle Temple. Douglas Jerrold was a compositor ; Charles Dickens, a reporter ; John Kitto, editor of the " Pictorial Bible," a shoe maker ; Dr. Livingstone, a factory operative ; John Cassell, a journeyman carpenter ; and William Gifford, the founder -of the Edinburgh Review, and one of the most powerful journalists of his day, a cabin-boy and afterwards a shoe maker's apprentice. Dean Swift's Will — It is a curious fact that Esther Johnson, Swift's " Stella," contem plated the probable abolition of the " Established Episcopal Church " of Ireland. By her will dated December 30, 1727, she bequeathed £1000 the proceeds of which were to be applied to the maintenance of a chaplain in Steven's Hospital, St. Jam-s-street. The will then proceeds: — " And if it shall happen (which God forbid) that at anv time hereafter the present Established Episcopal Church of this kingdom shall como to be abolished, and be no longer the National Established Church of the said kingdom, I do, in that case, declare wholly null and void the bequest above made of the said £1000, or the said land purchased, so far as it relates to the said hospital and chaplain, and do hereby absolutely divest the governor of the said hospital of the principal and interest of the said £1000. Aud my will is that in the case aforesaid it devolves to my nearest relation then living." It is evident, therefore, that Stella, as well as Swift, whose will was re ferred to hy Mr Gladstone in his speech on the introduction of the Irish Church Bill, anticipated disestablishment, and disendowment. But the use of the words " Established Episcopal Church" — the same that are used by Swift — makes it evident that Stella's will was dictated by the Dean. Punch has a cartoon of the ghost of Swift lean ing over the Premier, as he sits in his study reading the draft of the Disestablishment Bill. The Dean of St. Patrick's ghost i9 supposed to be saying: — " Well, Mr Gladstone, you quoted my will, but, by Gumdragon, you might have given ine credit for being the author of your plan. I left my Church surplus to a lunatic asylum — " ' To show, by one satiric touch, No nation wanted it so much.' " A Cool Hand. —A lady who advertised one pay in a morning newspaper for a housemaid, states that the first letter she opened was to the following effect: — " Mrs C. D. presents her com pliments to A. B., and will thank her, when she has obtained a suitable servant, to forward the other letters to the enclosed address, Mrs' C. D. being in want of a servant." A Peer Without Property. — The late Lord Brougham, strange as it may seem, died without assets. Long before his death he had, by deed of gift, made over everything — ex- Chancellor's pension, house and land, books, plate, furniture — to his brother William, the present peer, who iu return provided for all household and personal expenses. The great statesmau's aversion to trouble about money matters is said to have suggested this arrange ment. The luland Revenue authorities, at first incredulous, satisfied tl'omsolvo: hy private en quiry as to the bona fulcs and validity of the deed of gift. But it is a curious fact that Lord Brougham, as ex Lord Chancellor, who for up wards of thirty years received a pension of £5000 a yar, died without paying a shilling of probate or legacy duty. Wholesale Infanticide in France. — Judgment has been pronounced on the prisoners concerned in the case of wholesale infanticide at Montouban. Two women were sentenced to the galleys — Delpech, the chief culprit, for lift', nnd Coyne for ten years ; the other sentences were, Burriere, two years ; Vern, four; Pauline, three; Eulalie, two ; and Plantade, one years' imprison ment. The woman Buyer was acquitted. Delpech, a fiend in human shape, admitted that she had at various times received nine new-horn children to " put out to nurse." Eight of them she drowned in a pail of water, nnd buried them under her staircase, where their bones were found. The ninth she destroyed by " giving him a little vitriol in a glass of water !" This is out of the quotable part of the proceedings. The other count against the prisoners cannot possibly be more than darkly referred to, but it is perhaps requisite to state that the woman Delpech, above alluded to, plied ber horrible trade'on her own daughter. wnat has become of IjAURENCE Oliphant ? — Everybody remembers the brilliant young Secretary of the Japanese Mission, whose social success was so wonderful. Mr Oliphant came to England a comparatively unknown man, and in a few months he had taken nil hearts as it were by a storm ; he was sitting in Parliament; ho was moving in the highest circles of society ; he was the universal favourite of the world of fashion. Ho was once seen sauntering into the Traveller's Club with two men leaning on his arms — one his Royal Highness the Prince of "Wales, the other his Majesty the King of Denmark 1 Such a future as that which lay before this handsome, clever, fascinating young diplomatist any man might have envied. Suddenly, however, Laureuce Oliphant was missed from his place iu society — from club, and " IIo'u3e," and opera. Where he had gone none could tell. There were rumours, i ideed, of delicato health, and of "travelling" rendered necessary in consequence; but nothing was known for certain, and even his constituents at Stirling were unable' to gain any accurate information respecting him. For more than the legendury nine days the world wondered at the fate of the promising young man ; but, of course, society very soon found something else to marvel at, and Laurence Oliphant was forgotten. At the general election, as he made no appearance, his former constituents elected another man, and the last trace of the late member for Stirling seemed to have been lost. Some one has just discovered him, however, not in a convent, but in a somewhat similar place — a semi-religious, semi- socialistic community, having its home: at Brocton, on the borders of Lake Erie. Such communities. are scattered throughout the United States, and it is in one of these that " the world forgettiug, by the world forgot," Laurence Oliphant, erst the light of Belgravia, now follows the plough and wears the homespun cloth. Verily, what is fiction compared to fact ? TnE Prince Consort Memorial in Hyde Park. — Some time back it was thought probable that this memorial would be finished and solemnly inaugurated by her Majesty on the 1st of May next, but this is now found to be impossible. So far as the structural portions of tbo monument nre concerned, they may'be said to be complete, but that which remains to perfect tho wholo, and the most importaut part of all — the proposed decorations nnd sculpture — have not kept pace with the building, owing to their magnitude and the wonderful care with which they have been executed. The design of the work is duo to Mr Gilbert Scott. Although the memorial is so far advanced as we have described, it is not possible that it can be finished before the winter. The cost of this great national record ha9 not been restricted to any particular amount ; the Govern ment voted a sum of £180,000, but this is quite inadequate to cover the entire expense, and the deficit, as was the case with the cost of the mausoleum at Frogmore, will be met from out of the private purse of the Queen. Yeast for Hot Climates. — Boil two ounces of the best hop9 in four quarts of water for half an hour; strain it, and let the liquid cool down to new milk warmth. Then put in a small hand ful of salt and half a pound of sugar (brown) : beat up one pound of the best flour with some of the liquor, and mix all well together. The third day add three pound of potatoes boiled nnd mashed, and let it stand until the next day. Then strain, and it is ready for use. Stir frequently while making, and keep near a fire. Before using, stir well ; it will keep two or three months in a cool place. I kept this two months iu the cellar, where thermometer ranged between 90 and 104 degrees. This yeast is very strong ; half the usual quantity necessary for a baking i3 sufficient. New System of Telegraiipy. — There is a new system of telegraphy now at work in Paris. It is on a small scale as yet, and therefore is only a beautiful toy, but. it is going to be tried immediately on a French lino. What an ama teur sees is his message set up in type, and two little railway carriages travelling backwards and forwards over it — a regular up and down line, the return train always slightly brushing the type. Walk to the other end of the line, and there is your text itrremarkably clear print. The Emperor has examined this telegraph, and the Director- General of Telegraphy has orders to give every facility for the practical testing of this latest improvement. Crowning a Tomb. — An English deputation have laid a superb crown of massive silver upon the sarcophagus which contains the body of the Emperor Maximilian of Mexico. The crown was made iD France, and puid for by subscrip tion. The New House of Commons. — According'to Debrett, there are in the present House of Com mons two hundred and twenty-seven persons who had no seat in the last House at the period of its dissolution. Iu addition to these, twelve of those members who were returned d-iriDg the session previous to last November have succeeded in re taining their seats ; so that 239 new members appear in the House who bad previously no seat it it. So large an amount of change has not taken place since the period of the Reform Act' of 1832, the numbers having been — in December, 1832, at the general election, 280 persons; in January, 1835, at the generul election, 184 per sons ; in August, 1837, at the general election, 121 persons; in July, 1841, at the general elec tion, 183 persons ; in July, 1847, tt the general election, 213 persons ; in April, 1859, at the general election, 201 persons ; in August, 1865, at the generul election, 196 persons. Ou the present occasion, 227 persons, of whom 193 never were previously iu Parliament, and 34 have only returned to public life after an interval of retirement. The nature of the constituency also, according to the new Reform Act, has been defined in every borough, &c.;, in England, Scot land, and Ireland. Each member has, as it were, written his own biography; and thu9 wo have authoritative statements respecting political opinion, more particularly respecting tho Irish Church and other religious endowments, national education, nnd vote hy ballot. TnE 'Marquis of Bute.— A statement made by a contemporary that the conversion of the Marquis of Bute is at length abundantly com pensated, the Duke of Norfolk being ubout to cast off tho errors of "Romanism," and become an Irvingite, is contradicted by the Tablet. This paper happens to know that his Gince bus not the slightest intention of becoming a disciple of Mr Irving nor of any other human teacher whatso ever. He is at present a devout Catholic, aud there are few people in England more likely to remain so. The Archbishop of Canterbury is much more likely to become an Irvingite than the Duke of Norfolk. On the occasion of the Mar quis's coming of age, there was a large distribu tion among the Bute tenantry in Rothesay of lithographed portraits of his lordship. When, however, the news of their lord's prevorsion reached the island, mauy of the portraits were taken from their frames, and others were hung upside down. But to otio doughty descendant of a covenanting house neither proceeding seemed to show a sufficient detestation of the step taken by Lord Bute. Accordingly this worthy removed the portrait from the wall on which it had been hung, and placed it on a tree in his farmynrd. He then loaded a fowling-pieco, and deliberately firing, shivered the unfortunate representation. The London papers, which have frequent sensa tional paragraphs about tho Marquis of Bute, continue to bo more than generous to him in estimating his fortune. A lady's- fortune is generally reported double ; but the English pipers have always quadrupled that of Lord Bute. It is about £100,000 a year, not £400,000 — rather a difference, yet ample. Paddy's Chest Warmer. — James Donovan, an old bald-headed Irishman, who seemed to havo done hard work in his time, was brought before Mr Paget, at the Thames Polico Court, charged with stealing 30 lbs. of lead. Police- sergeant Briden, 4 Iv, stopped the prisoner in Turner-street, Commercial-road, and, putting his hand on his breast, said, " What have you got here?" to which the prisoner replied, " A little thing to keep the could out of ray stomach." Briden said, " I must see what it is." The prisoner said, " Would you uncover my chest this could and foggy weather ?" " I must," said the officer, and disclosed to view a large breast plate of old lead, suspended to the prisoner's shoulders to prevent its falling. " Take it away with ye," said the prisoner, " and say nothing about it." Briden took him into custody, and tho prisoner, on being asked to account for it, siid, "I met with it in an ould building, and I took it up and made a breast-plate of it to kape the could out of me." Mr Paget : I believe you stole that lead. You are sentenced to two months' iramisonment and hard labour for the unlawful possession. The £10,000 Stamp .Robbery. — At the London Guildhall, Albert Ilotz, described as a commission agent, living a 35, Dame-street, Islington, was placed at tho bar on remand, charged with being in the unlawful possession of nearly £400 worth of blank stamps, which had been stolen from tho distributor's offico at Manchester. Philip Nowberry England stated that he was an accountant and money-lender, and carried on business at the Polygon, -in Soraers- town. He might have seen the prisoner before, but he could not say. About two mouths ago a person borrowed £5 or £G from him, and left some stamps as security. Ho did not know how many there were, nor did he look, but ho thought there were about one hundred shilling stamps, nnd fifty two- shilling stamps. Ha could not toll how much he lent. He kept books, but he did .not enter that sum, because it was so trifling. The man who left them fetched them nway four days afterwards. He said he lived Gurey-street, but witness did not know him. He asked;' the man where he got the stamps from, and ho said they came from Overend and Gurney's. Alderman Allen, having questioned the witness, said he was a most extraordinary man to lend money to a man he did not know, to have the name and not the number of the street ho lived iu, to make no entry of the loan in his books, and then to forget the amount he had lent. To cut the matter short, he did not believe a word he had said. He re manded tho prisoner till Friday, and ordered England to attend on that day. Youno"'Austen's Tun Mile Race. — This noted pedestrian has accomplished his feat of running ten miles within the hour on tho Agricultural Society's ground. Austin ran his race in fifty-one laps, and finished the last lnp by putting on'n tremendous spurt, and landing ten seconds undor, time. Ho offered to run tweotv miles aaainst anv horse in harness for 25J.- \- Western Post. Fearl Fisheries in Western Australia. — News had been received from Nicol Bay to the effect that tho poarl-shell gathering season was just at its closo after a fairly successful haul by most of the boats. Attention was boing'diroctod to tho gathering of tortoiseshcll, somo Bamples of which have been sent homo to ascertain tho market value ; the turtlo are said to swarm upon tho oonst. At Ashburton the natives continued their depreda tions. and had murdered a white shepherd and two nntivo sorvnnts. one of whom was from the Swan, and a great favourite with Mr Hooley. Nothing had been heard of the police since they went in pursuit of tho savnges. but it is probable tho boggy state of the country greatly nugmonted tho difficulty ot getting at them.- Perth paper. Oonoealed bmrqration. — On Wednesday last (says tbo Western Examiner ) a consignment of ploughs to Messrs. Dnlton Brothers, upon being opened, displayed to view a family of no loss tlinn " twelve rats," all in a state of perfect health and good spirits. It is singular bow they subsisted in so scantily provided nn apartment i it is surmised their only food was the straw packing of the ease in which tho ploughs wore enclosed. Their discovery led to an exciting chnBC. and to them an untimoly death, only one having escaped. Colonial Preserved Meat.— A writer in the S. M. Herald, signing J. B. D. (? Mr Darvall), and dating from tho P. nnd O. steamship Avoea, says :— Will you kindly permit mo to bring under tho notico of your renders tho result of a trinl of colonial prosorved meat on board this ship on tho 10th instant. The meat in question was cow beef, preserved at Pambula, and had boon six months in tin, during part of which timo it had undergone tho very trying voyage to Galle and back to tho Sound. On oponing tho tip wo found the meat perfectly fresh, firm, and sweot. It lookod liko ordinary frcBh meat from which the blood had boon to some extent drained, leaving it of n rather unusually pale colour. On being cooked steak fashion, or in a dumpling with tho usual season ing. it was pronounced to bo excellent, and in this opinion both Captain Farquhar and the purser, Mr Loversago, fully concurred. When cooked without any seasoning wo perceived a very slight flavour of somo material used in its preservation, which only attracted attention because it was a flavour unknown in cookery. For this taste, par- haps, might be substituted some of the racognised flavour of cured or smoked moat, and this beef, just ns it is when fairly dealt with in tho kitchen, would, J bolievo, pass as fresh meat without I challenge. Legal Faoeti.e — The progress of au action in tho .Supremo Court nn Friday, was somewhat enlivened hy a -cross-examination, the victim. of which furnished scope for n considerable amount of forensic raillery. It was ondeavoured tj prove that so fa.- from being a skilled nrtizan in one particular business, the witness was. in point of fact, a " .lack of nil trades, and master of none." After linving enumerated several trades, of all of which tho witness nvowed some practical know ledge. cmnscl inquired if his abilities extended to an acquaintanceship with tho trndo of boot and shoe making, at which tbo witness also declarod hi sisolf an adept. ITis honor tlinn inquired, with somo curiosity, whether tho witness could eut hair, nnd on this quostion boing answered in the affirmntivo. counsel asked the witness if he could " eut his heir off with a shilling P" defining that art as " barbcrism in silver to which his honor added a supplementary suggestion that perhaps ho had taken lessons from gentlemen of the bnr, who were well acquainted with tho science of " hair splitting." Tho witness appeared a good deal mystified at theso new lights thrown upon the art of which Figaro wns so distinguished a professor, and after somo laugliter tnc action proceeded.— Empire. Kurobean Reputation of a Victoiuan Colonist. — At the celebration of tho forty-seventh anniversary of the foundation of the Geographical Society of Paris, held nt the end of February Inst. Monsieur Rnmol. tho director of tho Imporial gardens, made tho following speech : — " Gentle men: I owo tho honour and tho plensuro of being amongst you to the interest I take in tho prncticnl working of those objects which our society wishes to further. As an attentive listener to all that has boon snid about the subjoct of exploration, and ns a member of tho Geographical Society of Paris. I am urged bv a double duty to propose n toast that I know boforohnnd will bo warmly welcomed. It is. tho Australian ladies who orgnnised tbo expedition in search of Dr. Lciclihardt. Mnny of you may find it strange that an enterprise of such a nature -should bo the consequence of a- deep sympathy lor that eminont explorer. ' But Monsieur dos Quatrefages. who is nn expert in all that concerns anthropology, will be abio to explain to you with what activity civilised races are imbued when they can add a now conquest to their dominions. Sido by side with tbo ladies stands forth prominently amongst living explorers tho man who was tho soul and head of the enterprise. His name, well known in all branches of science, has lately beon onnobled by bis Majesty the King of Wurtcmburg. Ferdinand von Mueller haB for a long timo been a chevalier of our glorious order of tho Legion of Honour. With or without his titles. Ferdinand von Mucllor is one of tho most perfoot men it has ever been my lot to know. ITo has not alone a large heart, but ho has a great mind, always striving to propagate that which is good. An indefatigable botanist, nn eminent physician, a chemist, a geologist, n mineralogist, a profound nnd elegant literatcur, Ferdinand von Mueller possesses in tho highest degree the qualities of a bushman. What is a bushmnn P It is a man who explores, and who in tho middle of a dense and wild forest, deprived of tbo common necessaries of life, knows bow to supply his wants by a thousand nrtificos, whose pencil is roady to describe each new plant ho discovers, each bird which ho observes. So. gentleman, fill to the ladies of the Rxplorntion Committee nnd to Dr. von Mueller, whom I look upon ns the personifica tion of nil the explorers of tho antipodos." Impoiitant to Coroners.- Quoon v. Median. His Honor tho Chief Justice dolivercd thn'jndgmcnt of tho court herein on Tuesday. IIo defined the duty of a coroner (bofore whom the depositions in this case had been taken), which is to inquire into the. cause of death in question before him : it not being his province to ncciise or arrest any ono. although in caso of a verdict implicating a sup posed murderer, he bus tbo further duty of com mitting the accused, and bi-uling over witnesses. His preliminary duty being to inquiro and nothing more, there seems no sufficient reason for his abstaining from the examination of any person whatever, respecting tho enuso of death, although suspected or actually in custody on that suspicion; although in that case it would bo his duty to caution tho suspected person in the usual manner. Tho special case in this matter did not show whether cvidenbo given by Median amounted to a confession directly or indirectly; or whether its object and tendency wero wholly to exculpate himself. Tho only question wns, whether that which passed between tho coroner and his prisoner, he being at tho timo in custody, and making his statement nftor a suggestion from that officer, is inadmissible on tho ground that it was tho result of influence, acting on tho man's mind, oitber of hope or fear. Tho prisoner wns in custody, although not thnt of tlm coronor, for. until after verdict, ho bad clearly no such jurisdiction ; but still ho was a person in nuthority, nnd asked tho man if lie wished to make a statement to " clear himself in tho cyos of tho public." Tho coroner added thnt tho man was not bound to mako any statement, and that ho would not bo examined, except at his own desire. Tbo difficulty, however, arose thnt tho coroner ndded that whatever tbo prisoner said might possibly bo used in evidence against him. nnd thereupon the prisoner mndo the statement. Upon due consideration of all tho features of the caso. their honors wero of opinion that tho evidence was admissible. Tbo inducement held was not of a nature to causo the prisonor to fancy that his voluntary statement might bo takon into consideration in mitigation of his offence in tho eyes of tho publio. With roforenoe to tho question whether evidence given on oath by a witness before a magistrate on a trial could bo used against himself upon his own tral was so distinct from the provious oaso that tho court did not think it at present necessary to pronounce judgmont. Their honors, howover. although they concurred in the verdict, added that they should recommend that tho man's life should bo spared, ns they did not considor this sort of evidence advisahlo. Galvanic Velocity.— Tho Rev. W. B. Olnrke, in his address at tho opening of iho presont session of the Royal Society of Now South Wales, remarks that Mr Todd, of tho Adolnide Observatory, had determined by observation that tbo velocity of tho galvanic communication between Sydney nnd Ade laide was at tho rato of 11 J miles per second. This is, at tho rato of -10.500 miles per hour. At this speed a communication would reach London in twenty minutes. Very Remarkable Powers of Diobstion. — Shiok Gowdah, a native of Ceylon, omployed at Tattcrsnll's Hotel, Dubbo, possesses a stomach of extraordinary digostivo powers. Ho can drink a glass of Honnessy's battlo-axe, and swallow the tumbler nftorwards. Cut wine glnsses are ap parently as great n luxury to him ns sweet biscuits are to a ohild. He crushes the globe of the glass between his teeth, without injuring his gums, and then swallows the pieces. A wine glass disappears in two roouthfuls, a tumbler in four. He leaves tho pedestal of tho former, and the bnso of the latter, as being too hard and coarse. He has been known to swallow the globes of four wine glasses in a day, whon he has mot with a "new chum" to stake a bet on tho experiment. Ho is apparently in good health does hiB work, and never complains of illness. — Dnbbo Dispatch. The late :Governor Maoquarie'b Family.— - Mr Macqunrio.'nophew and only surviving relative of the lato General Macquario, of Ulva, in the Island of Mull, for.mnny years Govornor-General of the' Australian colonies, died at Oampbelltown, Argyleshiro, in tho month of January last. Ho for several years oooupiod the farm of Bonthorne, near Hiriton, on the Hunter River, nnd as a magistrate of tho colony' was well known and respected in that district. He married Miss Campbell, tho daughtor of the'lato Dngald Camp bell. of Balinby, in tho Island of Islay, who survivoa him. 