The Curse of Drunkenness. A conviction is gradually forcing itself upon lie public mind that additional restrictions anust ho imposed upon dealers in ardent spirits; for, however necessary public- houses may be, there as no reason why-they-should be -so' conducted as to become nurseries of crijne.andeauses of increased taxation to ' rate-payers "who 'derive little "benefit from their existence. Day by-tlny additional evidence is afforded that Intemperance is fearfully on the increase; and the mostinattentivo observer of what is passing around liim is Obliged to admit that vice and immorality are progressing pori passtt. In the caso'of some of tbe great-criminals "who have been lately placed -at thebar of Justice,it- inight liavebeen difficult perhaps, to prove -that their downward career was due exclusively, to a fondness for strong -drink, or that they were maddened by intoxicating liquors when the particular act was committed for which they were then arraigned; but •it is notoriously true that, in a vast majority of cases, public-house -associations have led to that -blunted sense of ri|fht'which is the immediate precursor of murder, robbery, rape, and a host •of kindred offences ; sand, conceding this, it becomes'at oncea fair • and legitimate conclusion that it is the duty of 'legislators, without interfering at all with the legitimate business of the publican, to throw around his pursuits such additional safeguards as the interests of society may demand. Admitting that public-houses arc absolutely necessary for the accommodation of travellers; and granting that very many publicans are as unlikely to be guilty of nefarious practices as other tradesmen, it must still be acknowledged that so peculiar is the business in which they arc engaged, that Society has some- thing more than a right—it is 'bound—to sec that the limits of their liccnse arc not exceeded ; that men are refreshed, but not intoxicated, in public- houses ; and that rational beings are not •converted into madmen, =and sent out to commit fearful crimes against society, merely because a profit is tO'be derived from the traffic. Early last week, the dead body of awoman was discovered by tlio Police, stuffed into a bag, wlach had been left by some person, then unknown, at the door of a house in Brougham-place, Sydney. Subsequent inquiry has shown that this woman's name was Elizabeth Moobe ; that she was of bad fame, and given to habits of intoxication. On the night of her death she appears to have'-been plyingJier infamous calling with another female of-the same class,-anti to have been accosted in 'Pitt-street by a person then known as-Jem, but whose proper name appears to be John Mason, a married man, and the father of a family. The three commenced their joint action by going .into a public-house where each had a glass of rum, and then they went down Pitt-street together. There they were joined by five other young men of the rowdy -class, and the walk was continued until they reached a piecc ofvacant ground lower down the street. Into the centre of this ground the two women and the .man proceeded for a purpose named by some of tlio witnesses,tut which wc cannot pollute tliesecolumns by repeating. Here a quarrel seems to have arisen—the .Bum had begun to do its work—and drunken " Jem " first knocked down, aiidaftorwurds struck, intoxicated " Lizzy" with such violence on the back of the neck that she then and there gave up the ghost in the presence of her lewd companion, herself so much affected by previous potations -as to be unable to utter a word of remonstrance. Four ofthemeu now ran away, aihd.asthcydonot seem to have had any hand in the homicide wc Jicod not follow them. But we must pause a moment to contemplate- the scene presented to our view. The hour is midnight; the place, a vacaut.allotment not far from the Circular Quay. The body of a murdered woman is prostrate on the ground) whilst in immediate contiguity to the body stands a drunken creature half unconscious of the act by which he has sent a fellow- being to eternity and blasted all his own future prospects in life. Crouching near, is another female form, the •' friend" and companion of the deceased, also in a state of intoxication and unable either to fly from this sccne of horror or to give the.alarm. She said afterwards she had swallowed five or six glasses of brandy that night. In a short time, a degree of consciousness returned to the survivors. The "companion" Agnes Labkins, managed to get out of the allotment and sat down oil a kerb-stone, where fhe had a smoke! The man who had remained with the murderer now took charge of the body, and " Jem" went to Brougliam Place alone, whence he soon returned with a bag such as is usually employed for holding corn. Into this bag the two men put the dead body, and^bra the second man ran way. The witness's own words iflhr. become ighly expressive. She.says "land Lizzie had eenfrtendtfor tea years s'" hut I teat fright, ned, and to I held my peace whilst they were B queezing her into theiag." Afterwards she said—".Then jBHcam^-down'io me, to where I was sitting on the Icerb, -and he said ' come up here I want jrou ; r I got up aridwenfc^to wards im. As I was going up'towards where the bag * fttf> I tripped andfeH—(still drunk notwithstanding the smoked 'jn'ih&'Jbag'limea '%ie body, ofmy friend was 'squeezed. Hesaid ' Give me a help with the bag.' I then took held of the lag by the bottom corner and vie carried it up Foxlow Place. 1 had i fly the foot part, he had, hold of the head end. J oesiated ^uiitJi the lag right into Castlereagh street. WTieh 'we got there toe put the bag down. In going up Foxlou Place I Jell twice.' Thveaat'-'-YSiuseiby. the effects of the drink and the fright." . This woman .goes «on to say that the murderer then took 'the bag "on his shoulder, earned it down to Brougham Place and then-walked off. She followed until she saw what had become of the'body, and "tiicn "I went straight up J&iit;' Street 'into Xing Street ,and had a-glastdfrum f'. -Great Heavens! if Satan had entered bodily into a female form and completely obliterated' •every trace of the divine image, could anj^Sthing more un&eling;, more fiend-lilte have occurred." A woman, once, no doubt, the pride, of her parents and'the .hope of her friends, before reaching middle 'life is an outcast from society—an associate of the vilest scum of-the city—capable of standing by and seeing her- friepd murdered, and •upon the strength of^ill this sitting quietlyon a -kerb-stone to take a smoke I And -when the body had been stowed in a bag, this wretched semblance of humanity- assisted, withodi demur, in the transfer of < the body to another loeality, and then vrent "straight up Pitt-street toKings/.rcet-to have a glass of Eam." Truly Bum was the only God this woman worshipped. We -do B -not desire to follow the sickening details of this story further, except for the .purpose'of remarking that witness after witness came up, all of whom, without exception we believe,'testified to their own habitual drunkenness. 1 Indeed <we ape informed that hid the murderer's hand "been stayed, his victim could not have lived long. She would have soon fallen a victim to disease occasioned by intemperance. But turn we now to another scene. A few years ago a Bcv. Mr. Millab, was the husband t>f an affectionate wife, and the father of a number of promising children. He was a Presbyterian minister, and enjoyed the entire .confidence of<a large congregation -in Victoria; but having unfortunately acquired a fondness fbr-strong drink, t»he minister soon became an outcast from his people; and wc next hear that his -lamily were compelled to separate ithomeelves from him. This accursed passion followed up its victim until it drove Mr. Millax Tram Melbourne, *and he came to Sydney to reside; but here too the Bum Bottle haunted him. .One false step led to another, and soon the minister was the-keeper of a mistress, "with whom he lived in adultery several years—the woman having all ihe time .a husband living at Goulbum, -and inowing »tkat Millab had a wife mid family in Melbourne. They must have been an affectionate pair, for brandy was ordered in for him by the case, and beer for her by the ihogshead. -At lasthowevcr, brandy bumed out this man's stomach as surely us fire .would have doae it, -only the process was somewhat slower, and he died. But before leaving the world -he accompanied his mistress to a Mr- TVixsok, -who seems to Tjc becoming somewhat notorious for -drawing up disputed testaments, and there Jiejnade.a will by which lie gave her the whole of iiis property, to the exclusion of his wife and cliildren. This the latterTcsisted, and the.Supreme Court have just set aside the will; but when we contemplate this closingactofon infamous life and remember that Miixab wasonce an ornamciitto the-church, and a useful member of socictv, who is there thnt will not join hcart-and-hand in erecting some barrier to the inroads of this mighty evil ? "Wc have •already' ^admitted that a certain number of public-housesis necessary, and cannot well be-dispensed with; but the multiplication of dep6ls whence is issued this fearful instrument of crime—this generator of all the evil ,passions of our nature—cannotbe necessary,-nor is it expedient. AYe are not yet prepared to go the full length of.a -writer iu the Pastoral Times, who insists that public-louses shall be confined to the main roads, and that only one shall be •licensed for every fifteen miles; but we do think justices -assume -a fearful responsibility, when they permita rapid mult iplication of these places. There is, however, a good deal to be said in favor of another-of this writer's propositions—tliat the license fee be abolished entirely, and that in lieu •of said fee, every publican sliall be obliged to provide 1rec quarters for a constable, and forage for his horse—each public-house being the head quarters of one nonstable—who shall be constantly changed, in order to prevent extensive bribery. Yet anotherofhis propositionsis.-that all publicans shall'be compelled to exhibit .and maintain in throe of the most public -rooms of their premises,« placard, to he supplied by the police, setting forlb the several regulationsnnder which they hold their licenses, the penalties attached to a breach of those regulations,-and the rewards which will be paid to informers who procure .convictions. But, after oil, it is public opinion thaturust put down drunkenness, if it is ever offoclually put down. To be seen drunk must be am indelible stigma upon a man's character ; and cvorymember of the community must feel that one act of intoxication will effectually close the door -of society against- lum, before wc can expect much to be accomplished in this direction. So long as it is accountcd a venial-tiling for ministers of religion to be slightly exhilarated; whilst Justices of the Peace are frequently jolly; the instructors of our children aro seen reeling through the streets; and respectable tradesmen nightly hannt tap-rooms, Brougham Place murders, and Millar Will eases will continue to abound. If men could use spirits without abusing them, all perhaps might be well; but if crime should continue to increase, and it is still evident that most of it is due to intemperance, the legislature must be prepared to go to the most extreme length—even to the length of prohibiting the sale of spirits at all, for the purpose of suppressing an evil wbich is now invoking the curse of God U}>on our land. 