NOTES., BY BUGGINS. . ; ;. ; ;.',,; ' , Come. to-a gossip?s- feast ?: : And corne wifcli me. ; ?'.-.. . — -bHAKESPEARE. : ' After a fortnights ' outing '] here I am again, ' as the clown in variably has, it, in his opening salutation to, his Christmas audience. I have, been doing my best, during- this [festive season to improve; the occasion, and drive : dull care away, at all events for. a tim e,, and since ;the House has, been adjourned till the 5th. of January I have. been able. to rest a bit ou my oars. ,;, News poli tical I have none, everthing connected with: poli tics is now in. abeyance. [Even, the . ' Kiama diysbery' — for the ; committee 'have. of. course ceased the r investigation during , -this-. , short recess, and besides, if I had plenty of '.political news who would care to be bored with it. , The (discussion 'of, well-fed 'tin- keys', geese,-, and capons ; of majestic sirloins of -the beef of old England, puddings of all sizes' and .shapes, and. everything else tbab can add to, a. man's indiges tion is so much prefen-ed to any other subject that I am almost .tempted to take a still further spell and wait for the meeting of Parliament, but my cacoethea seripsndi prevails and ' here lam.' \ \ '''?'' ' Talking of Parkes' Kiama indiscretion^ which, by the way. is now become a sort of household word, and a bye- word, and re proach top, upon its mysterious author, I saw an advertisement a day or two since headed the ' Kiama .Mystery,' calling upon the electors of , Kiama to attend the interment of 3 — y P— k— s' ghost on Thursday 31st Dec, 1868,. I doubt whether the Kiama constituents, having been already fooled in this matter, will care to travel so far in honour of their romanc ing and mysterious member. I heard a rumour, with what truth I know not, that the ' Innocents of Kiama,' as Mr. Parkes called them, have sent a round-robin to the ex Colonial Secretary in forming him, that unless he can and does sub stantiate all his statements at that after dinner speech of his at Kiama, he will be no more con sidered worthy by them as a fib and proper per son to represent them in Parliament— we shall see. Mr. Thomas Garrett, the member for Shoal haven, has given notice of a motion for a re peal of the Stamp on Newspapers. I hope sin cerely he will effect this very desirable object — ii will prove a great boon to all our country friends, and, as Mr. Martin very justly remarked, upon the adoption of this same tax in 1849, 'he did not think that any supposed deficiency of the revenue would justify the taxation of news papers, which, in this colohyi were the only vehicles for the dissemination of know ledge.' I agree with' the hon, and learned ex Premier, that it would be far better that any deficiency which may arise should be made up from the general revenue, than that any impedi ment should be thrown in the way of the diffu sion Of useful knowledge. It does seem1 some what hard on our country friends that they, equally interested as the good people in Sydney in the affairs of the day, should have a barrier raised between them and the information which they desire, by the imposition of a tax which, at the most, only produces the sum of some £10,000 or£12,(J00 per annum. It is time that this obnoxious impost should be done away with. ; ' I am very glad to see that Dr.' Lang has initia ted a moyement in theHouse/forthe purpose of voting a sum of £1000 to Thomas Scott, Esq., of Brisbane^ Water, for his exertions in introducing sugar grcjwing to the colony of New South Wales. He is an old and deserving colonist, having arrived liere in the year 181G. To him may be attributed the most valuable discovery that this colony grows the cane to afar greater degree of perfection than it was ever 'known to do in the tropics. I Amidst deadening discouragements, ? he persevered in his 'fexperitiierits with the coa sciousne&s;' that'his efforts would . ultimately be etowned|wjith-.fluc:c^8fluV: &erha;&-3i$ur-$ toe. ^hat- he rejoices that he .has' been? spared to see the7 day of the realisation of all his hopes, and the ample consummation of his ardent and unflaggv ing energies. It will be a very well deserved tribute from the Government, as representing ?.,- the colony, to the valuable discovery which he has made, which at no very distant period is likely to prove of such inestimable value to the colony of New South Wales. It will be a grace- . , ... ful tribute of respect to an aged, deserving, . ? ,. and most worthy public benefactor, alike honor- .... ' able to. the givers as grateful and acceptable to,.-; ,- the recipient. ; .,???.? \ .... M, At the- Prince of - Wales Opera House. : a :,[. ,,- grand comic Christmas .-, Pantomine, excel- . , ; r, lently. localized, ; was, produced on Christmas ' Eve, entitled ' Little, Jack Horner.' I have' - seldom seen anything of the kind better pro-' ?-,'.: duced even in the old: country, some of the ; scenes are gorgeous in;the; extreme, /.the last es pecially, is deserving of -the highest commenda-' tion as a work of art;. ;The great feature of the .,; enberbainmenb was' the introduction of an Alpha- . bet, the letters being impersonated by little children exceedingly! tastily and prettily cos-' . : turned-?— the evolution's 'of these little ones, some . . , , forty in number, -..wore perfectly astonishing and ,v effected with; the utmost precision.' . Mr. Sbuart: ? O'Brien ably impersonated th3 character of kittle' Jack Horner,' though :1 think it would have gone better if it had been entrusted to. Miss Kate Cocofan, :who haa rrathei- ? a speciality for thatkinflof characteb:''AThe; Leopold family add - veiy considerably! to i the'. effective' rendering of the pantomime ; bo describe which would tax - bothmy patience and nay.po wers too : much. ? I can, however, confidently recommend all your readers to' see for themselves. I predict a long and successful run, and trust that the manage- - ment will meet with .the/support; it deserves for its libei-ality and enterprise. . . - : 