MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. Miss JULI* MATTHEWS.-We find the following in the Home Newt of January 29th :-" Offenbach's Grand Duchess, after a successful tour in the north of England and Scotland (with Iiis* Julia Matthews as the Duchess, a character which in identified with lie name), finished lier presant career at tho New Standard. A fier a most un- paralleled success nt tliis theatre it had to lin withdrawn for (ho pantomime, ?in the last night nf representation, at the finnie to Miss Matthews' drinking song, " There lived in times," which she lind thrice rendered, this channing young artiste experienced quilo an oration, hy receiving at her feet a wreath of hunda, «iih which General Boom (Sir. Cook) at once encircled tho fair brow of her highness, amidst the enthusiastic pin inlil R mid bravos of an admiring audience." " Wo aro r«M of an English grnllo- man who, hungry and weary, alighted in tho evenin . at some pettv inn in tho south of Scotland, tho appearance of; which had no grunt promise. ' Good j woman,' said he to the landlady, 'can I hare anything forÂfny horse ?* ' On aye,* she replied, ' he'll get sunk'ls.' Although he did not,understand the meaning of the term, hejjnturally enough concluded that this must he the food commonly given to horses iri that part of tho country. In a little, urged by his personal wants, he proposed another question-* Good woman, cnn I have anything for myself?' His astonishment may well bo imagined when he received the very same answer -' Ou aye, ye'se get sunknts.' " NOT TO BE WONDERED AT !-At Rio, Prince Alfred's Scotch piper made a great sonsatior, being brought into tba Prince's cabin after dinner, when tho Emperor wag on board, and told to march round tho guests after the Scotch I fashion, blowing at his pipes. His Im- perial Majesty was taken quite aback. I Being asked by his hosts how he liked the miiBie, he replied, "I like the piper, but not the piping. It is very national and characteristic, and on that account J I admire the performance, but I cannot soy I like the noise." In due time the Em press heard of this strange munie, and an Imperial command came down for Sawny to go and play before her Majesty at the Palace. But Sawny either could not or would not Ray what the Empress thought of his pipe. THE explosion of kerosene lamps may almost always be traced to careless management. The oil is suffered lo burn down so low that ti e top of the lamp becomes unduly heated. By tins means gas is generated in tho lamp, and be- comes heated thore almost tn the point of inflammability. In the meantime some air has found its way into this cavity, the oxygen of which unites with the gas, and thus causes the explosion. A partially filled lamp should never be agitated by carrying it around, for the reasons we have given above. Nor should such lamps be placed near enough to a stove to receive a consider- able amount of radiated heat. It is also dangerous to open a can of oil that has been kept in a warm place, or which has j been agitated, as by carrying it for some distance. j ROTAI RITUALISTS.-The Ritualists are boasting just now of a very distin- guished pair of converts. For several weeks post, during which time Marl- borough House has been occupied by tho Heir Apparent, no Sunday has Sassed without the royal carriages having een used to convey the Prince and Princess to one or other of the Rit ualistic churches of London. Now it has been St. Margaret's, now St. Alban's, and now Ail Saints; but iu every case the Prince and Princess have gone as ordinary wor- shippers, have submit ted to tim rules of the church-including that requiring the separation of tho sexes-and have made very handsome contributions to the offer- tory. This sudden change has attracted great attention in London, and in Ritualistic circles is a favourite theme of conversation.-Court Jiumttl. A BATAVIAS paper of November 27 states that an attempt was made by Oount Von Attems to escape from tho goal at Sourabaya ; he was disguised in the clothing of his sortant, and had gone as far as tho outer gate of the prison, when a Javanese watchman laid hold of him, and with the assistance of the military guard brought him back to his place of confinement. It is also stated in another paper that the " Hamlet's Ghost " was sold on Decem- ber 4 for 2509 guilders, which is about £203. IT is eminently gratifying to learn that, though Mr. Spurgeon was formerly addicted to total abstinence, he has now broken out into common sense in that particular, and takes his glass of wino or beer when he wants it. Mr. Spur- geon, however, improves the occasion of the change after his own happy manner. When he first cut off his liquor, he found he r> uh! not, without loss of health, continue the regimen, and, in order not to give scandal, he drank lillie jorums ont of medicine-bottles in a room by himself, with the door locked. After a while it occurred to him that this course savoured of a secret sin, and now he lins his social glass without an apothecary's label and in public. We trust Mr. Spurgeon's audience at the Tabernacle will not think the worse of him for his separation from ¿lie vinegar I cruet bigots of the United Kingdom I Alliance.-LtmaW Review. HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS.-Glad Tidings.-Some constitutions have a tendency to rheumatism, and are throughout the year borne down hy its protracted tortures. Let such sufferers bathe the affected parts willi warm brine, and afterwards rub in this soothing Oint- ment. They Kill find it the best means of lessening their agony, and, assisted by Hollo- way's Pilli», the surest woy of overcoming their disease Kore need not be said than to request a few day's trisl of thiB safe and soothing treat- ment, by which the diseaBo will ultimately be completely swept B<rny. Pains tint would male a Riant «lnulder arc assuaged without dif- ficulty by Holloway's easy and inexpensive remedies, whWi comfort by moderating tho throbbing vessels and calmingthoexoited nerves. -ADV. 