THE RIQHT REV. DR.. SHJEL*. On S unlay last, the Catholics of Mount Gainbier enjoyed the privilego of witnessing one of tho most solemn and imposing vibea observed in the Roman Catholic Church, namely, the administration of the Sacrament of Comlirmation* After the celebration of mass by Dean Fitzgibbon, Ilis Lordship the Bishop, and tho Rev, M, O'Connor, at the respective hours of eight, nine, and 11 o'clock, a.m., during which, tho attendance, particularly at tho last mass, was unusually large, tho Bishop proceeded in his episcopal robes to tho Church, where having assumed the mitre, cope, and pastoral etatT, he* delivered an eloquent and able discourse, on '( Tho nature and necessity of tho Sacrament" and the disposition required for the worthy reception thereof. During tho delivery of tlio dia course the Church was crowded to excess, many being obliged through want of stand ing room, to remain without the doors arid windows, eager to get a sight and hear the teaching of their beloved Pastor. Having dwelt ably on the words of the text, taken from the Acts of the Apostles, His Lordship passed to the solemn administration of the Sacrament. Addressing more particularly those about to bo confirmed, ho exhorted them to preparo their minds and hearts for the coming of the Holy Ghost, and to re member then, and to the hour of thoir death, their obligation of confessing their faith before men, rather than the risk of being dfi111P.fi ViV nilfist. ImfWrt flirt ir.foTmol TPo+Vihk in Heaven. /ril$11 candidates, many of whom have been recent converts to the Catholic Faith, were about seventy in number.' They were arranged in excellent order to the right and left in front of the Altar, tho young girls being dressed in white, and wearing white veils, emblematic of innocence and purity. The customary prayers and oeremouies having been gone through, and the aaored chrism administered to eacli postulant, the Bishop concluded by calling upon them to recite the Lord's Prayer, the Hail Mary, and Apostles Creed, as a public profession of faith. Before divesting himself of his episcopal robes, His Lordship then turned to the people in general, and pointed out in forcible language, the great necessity of increased 6hurch accommodation, it being cjuite appa rent that the church now occupied was no logger adapted or adequate to the present ana future requirements of the Catholics of Mount. Gambier. He adverted to the great inconvenience to which they!were, now sub jected through want of sufficient accommoda tion, to the growing future importance of Mount Gambler '; which should havs a church worthy of the Catholic faith, worthy of the great importance of the district, and worthy of this, which ^vas without doubt destined to become the second town- in the province. He likewise alluded to the all important subject of Education, and referred to the attitude, of the .Government on this subject towards the, Catholic Church in the Colony. He could hardly blame a protestant Government for not viewing the question from his point of View, for seemingly they could seize all- the bearings of the case, though he must condemn the action of the Government in this colony for enforcing (oontrary to Act of Parliament; which pro vided merely for secular education) a national system, which in reality was sectarian or denominational, to the exclusion however of Catholics, being made sectarian by the compulsory reading af the Protestant Bible, At the same time he would deprecate the establishment of any system of secular Education, where the Catholic Church could not exercise hier legitimate right of control, independently of any Government official. He regarded secular education, which is not based upon, and, guided by religion, aa a mere delusion and a snare, fop learning should be the handmaid of faith, .and learn ing without religion, was, as a rule, more pernicious tlxan beneficial. He would exhort them all as their Bishop, to keep aloof fi;om any schools where the faith and morals of their children might be exposed to danger in any way, and a painful experience had taught nim that purely secular education, ana government national schools, were eminently calculated to produce that effect. He would urge them to support and encour age, as much as lay in their power,' the system of Catholic education established under his own auspices for this diocese, and he was happy to say that God had blessed his efforts for the advancement of education in a most abundant measure, by the success attending the various Catholic Schools throughout the province. His Lordship then concluded an address of the deepest interest to the Catholic community, and gave his episcopal blessing. In the evening, at seven o'clock, there were vespers and benediction of the blessed Sacrament, when the Bishop again preached an admirable . discourse on " The unity of the Church," citing the wordq of St. John: -"And other sheepi I have, which are not of this fold, them also I must bring, and thoy shall hear my voice, and, there shall be one fold and one'shepherd.w From which words h& eloquently denxonsfcrated the primacy of honour aucl jurisdiction to belong to Peter only, and his lawful successors. The Chapel was thronged, as in the morning, with a crowd of anxious listeners, and the sermon was listened to with tlsg.. most- pro found attention. On Monday a deputation of Catholics waited upon His Lordship at the Deanery, when the following address was- read and presented ir-^ "To tlielUgHK^v.Dr. Shial, Bishop of Adelaide, " February 8. I860; «M,Y LORD,-r-We, the undersigned, on.behalf of the Catholics ot Mount Gambler, are most happy to welcome your I.oi*dship on this your secoud visit to this distant part of' your-diocese. " We heard, with gratitude, of your safe arrival and return from Europe in renewed? health, and we earnestly pray, that God may continue-to preserve it for many years. " Among the various members of your flock, we too have reason to bo thanbfutforihe numerous aids you have brought to Eeligion, and' Education; and though remotely placed as we are, we are neverthe less fully sensible that such.hcjp3 must redound to our spiritual benefit.. If the Apostle says: ' let the priests who rule well be esteemed worthy of. double honour,'we feel that we perform an act of duty in testifying our Catholic sentiments of filial obedience and attacbia&nt; to you, our Spiritual.Head. As the members of the human body naturally sympathise one with another, arictare subject to the head, so we may. audi ought to do so towards our Spiritual Head; and not only as members of your flock and' subjects of your diocese do we warmly welcome you, but as members of that Ro'iy Catholia- Faith founded .by the Apostles-as ChUtfren of that Church which was to be universally spread; which was built by Christ our Lord upon a rock, Peter and his successors; and as St. Paul speaks, 'The Pillar-and Ground of TinifTi ' " Begging your- Lordship's blessing, we remain, your dutiful Qliildfeo in Jesus Christ, " THOMAS HON AN ° THOMAS NEWTON " FHANCIS BRADLEY "JOHN SHELTON "JAMES HYDE ..A-ROHP. MODONAH) "JOHN KENNEDY "JOHN Hocjan." His Lordship replifed' as follows : " GENTLEMEN,-I thank you warmly for your kind reception and the Catholic sentiments you convey to me in this address, I appreciate tnem highly I assure you, and will consider them a marked proof of your faith and devotion to your Pastor. I havo much pleasure In observing the great progress made by this beautiful district since my former visit, and cannot help again reminding you that you need a new church, more proportionate to your own grow ing spiritual wants, and the future prospects of Mount Gambier. I am confident you will eo- operato heartily with your revered Tastor in such a noble work, and one day it will be a souroe of legitimate pleasure to you and your children that you have helped to eroct a temple in some measure worthy of our faith and worthy of God, where your children and children's children may kneel and pray for your departed soula. I thank you again most heartily for your excellent address, and pray that God majt bless "L. B. SniEt, "Bishop of Adelaide." On Monday, Tuesday, and Ash Wednes day, there was a, Triduum, or three days spiritual r.etijeat, for the people.. In the morning there w^re,three masses, a sermon, and confession ; in the evening, the rosary, Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament, a sermon,1 and confession. The attendance on the several days was very good, especially on Ash Wednesday, which being the first day of Lent, is observed, by Catholics as a day of special devotion. His Lordship conducted the service each day, assisted by Dean Fitz gibbon, and the Ilov. M. Connor. Previous to leaving the Mount, His Lord ship was most desirous to see as much of the district as the., limited nature of his visit would permit. Ho accordingly drove out each day in various directions, and has ex pressed his admiration at the natural attrac tions, excellent soil,ami seeinjng prosperity, of the district. He left the Mount on Thurs day, en route for Penola and Robe, where ho will be engaged 011 the two following Sun day's, conferring the sacrament of confirma tion. -Commini icatcd. A monster snake was shot on Monday last by Mr, Louis Perrottct, on the bunks of the River Banvon, adjoining his vine yard. It was of the carpet species, and meas'uted six and a half feet long, and was thickur thnn n man's wrist, When opened it was found to contain twenty-five young ones, some of which were over twelve inches in length. Andrew Vair, the murderer of Araos Chetile, is still at large. 