wafafl WALLAROO : SATUEDAY, NOV. 13. NOT the most enthusiastic admirer of our democratic-or, as the late Mr MITFOBD defined them, tinpot-institutions can pretend that their action, as exemplified in the Parliament of the day, is power fully conducing towards the welfare of the colony. Two-thirds of the time usually devoted to a session has passedavray, and what is the result in the shape of legisla-i tion that there is to shew jforth^r severe mental strain and physical exertion it has been the fashion to credit our trusted representatives with as undergoing on pur behalf? Let the question ;lje put individually or categorically and the | answer to be returned must still be the same. Statistics tell us that on the Electoral fioll of the Assembly there are nearly 28,000 electors names. This gives an average of nearly 800 electors to each district returning two membersand it follows therefore that each elector is the proprietor of the four hundredth part of a member of Parliament. This valuable inheritance is ours by birthright ; and in the spirit of our former enquiry, we ask, what each owner of this moiety has to thank the representative of his district for during the present session? Further, what have the electors of each district, in their collective capacity, -to be grateful to their members for accomplishing in their behalf? And, again, what has the House of Assembly done for the colony, the welfare of which it professes to have so much at heart, during the nearly four months it has been in session this year ? What do the Parliamentary archeves tell of? Merely a number of utterly worth less speeches, intermixed with a variety of ill-considered and crude notions, with but the smallest modicum of legislation, and that little of the most trifling and trumpery description. As a rule, the measures that have found favor in the eyes of the lawmakers in the Assembly have been-it would seem for that reason solely-rejected by the Legislative Council. A few lines on the Estimates have been first attacked in detail, then assailed in bulk, and now the leader of the House has given notice that they shall be reconsidered. Should^'the Speaker be asked whether the Estimates may be hatched up again, with all due re spect to that gentleman, we suspect he will give his permission. When it is re membered what a marked liking a very large section of the electors of Stanley recently exhibited for a candidate then on bail and afterwards at Dry Creek,-their undeviating loyalty to their junior mem ber, we may safely assume that a repre sentative of that district will probably be found perfectly in order when he, at the instance of the Attorney-General, authorises a proceedure leading to a resuscitation of his well beloved £600 per annum-the time-honored salary of the Speaker of the South Australian House of Assembly. This is very nearly the sum total-of what the patriots have done for us, for their districts, and for the land of their adoption. The dog days are coming, and practical legislation, as has been the case in many a former session, must be made a remand of. It seems probable that, in order to get through the necessary forms and ceremonies, payment of members will have to be introduced in the form it was last session. In no other way can Messrs BRIGHT, CABB, and Co., be brought to reason. The Treasurer must stand oyster suppers for the good boys who will assist the Govern ment in passing the Estimates, and the item can be entered as medical comforts or charged to education, or cleanliness, or general efficiency, or anything else hon. members have an equal horror of and spite against. Amqpgst the causes that tend to check the progress of useful legislation in the House of Assembly is one that has grown enormously within the last twelve months. It existed previously ; but since the establishment of the Caucus last year it has flourished with tropical vigour.' The Caucus, as everyone is aware, and as its members openly confessed, was formed to award premiums to incapacity. No one will deny that the three members first selected for honors, the Chief-Secre tary and the two Commissioners were and are most worthy recipients. Their claims were pre- eminent and indisputable, j Before the Caucus was established it had been the fashion to select men of ability for high office, as far as the limited supply to choose from would allow. Singly, the Caucusites had no chance to bag any of the plunder, but by collecting their] forces on the old principle that union is strength, they were able to rule the roast. W hat was deficient in quality was made up by quantity; and if those members of the confraternity, who actu ally net the stakes, behave honor ably, i.e., divide fairly, so far the scheme has answered. But in another way it has produced unmixed mischief. The party having leaders but in name, is under very bad command-in fact, under no com mand at all. It is a regiment in which all are generals and field officers. It has gone into action repeatedly headed by leaders whose qualifications have been their surpassing vanity, their immense presumption, and their profound ignor ance. The natural result has followed the mere opening and shutting of a few animated wind bags. There has been a debate and that has been all. The shutting up part of the debate has been, of course, a matter to be sincerely thank ful for ; but, of the opening, so much can not be said. Tor a question has fre quently been precipitated, which has been considered rather in regard to persons and consequences, than its own impor tance or the national welfare. The old proverb has been exemplified by fools rushing in where angels have scarcely dared to tread. Members, whose political reputations are several degrees below zero,- who have BO importance save in' their own eyes, pretend to place them selves at the head of a movement, and the movement is baulked and frustrated. The case would be paralleled by the veriest fool in the House of Commons moving, after the Chancellor had made his Budget speech, that the financial policy of the Ministry was unsatisfactory. An instance in point of what we mean occurred last week. A most mischievous step had been taken by the Government in the discharge of the Postmaster. The general feeling in the House and through out the country was that no greater blow ? could have been struck at the efficiency of the Civil Service, than to suddenly discharge, without cause, a very able officer of 25 years' standing. It was j inevitable that this subject should be discussed in the House; and who do we find hastening to assume the lead but Mr BBIGHT. The result was nothing could be done, as a decided majority of members were of opinion that it would be better to sack ten Postmasters than have one BBIGHT master of the situation. So with the Free List. Mr BEAN must have been told by some indiscreet person that this subject would be brought before the House and he at once tabled a Free List. It is absurd to suppose that the hon. member could have found out what was going to be done without being told. Mr JOHN CASE is also a great sinner in this respect. The idea never enters the heads of these hon. geutlemen, that they, by botching a measure, prevent more capable men taking action upon it. As long as Messrs BRIGHT and CARE can play the parts of Chief-Noodle and Chief-Doodle, they are quite satisfied to go on. Their vauity is flattered by initiating anything, no matter what the absurdity may be, what its incongruity, or what may be the result. Doubtless they calculate that in the long ran, by the ordinary course of ' events, qne time or other they may be successfuland sent for. The fact that they have not yet distinguished them selves sufficiently for this but lends to j them a zest in the pursuit of what they ignorantly conceive to be fame. And ? they seem totally unable to see that when. they, are permitted to do anything, be it ever so little, they are but made cats paws of to snatch the chesnuts from the iire. It is not probable that they would even be tolerated were "they not sometimes useful as the jackals of debate. To hon. members the consequences are what we have stated, but to the conn tr they are becoming every day much more serious. The cart dismissal of Mr Lewis from the. Post master-Generalship will form the text for paanjr political sermons jet to be preached. Letnot thij Chief-Secretary fancy that with Mr i advised motion the ghost of the job that has perpetrated is laid. On the contrarj;S3iere is mo«» 'life in it than ever, now that it has been delivered ' from the not particularly clean hands that grasped at it. Copies of the correspondence between the Chief-Secretary and Mr Lewis, and the tenders that were sent in for the Mail Service, have been printed; and lastly, but not by any means leastlyr. so has Mr Lewis's version of the affair. We do - not envy the Chief-Secretary his feelings after seeing this last-mentioned somewhat remarkable document in print. TrueMrBagot had the power to, without cause, dismiss Mr Lewis; but the subordinate has had all the revenge that even if . he were ever bo glutonous, his soul could desire. Not that Mr Lewis can say there has been con nivance between the Chief-Secretary and Messrs Cobb & Co. Nothing of. the sort. There are the 1 farts in a plain, unvarnished statement, and.the j public may judge whether the insinuations that. j haTe been cast out are groundless or not. ; We - have no opinion to offer on the matter. Because ' of our limited space we are compelled to be very - brief on the present occasion j but we trust the " Chief-Secretary will p-rdon our brevity, on our volunteering the assurance, that we will, on & future occasion, return to the subject again. From Mr Lewis's document it appears that the tendera for the Mail Service were opened by himself and the Under- Treasurer on the afternoon!, o£_jtshe 2nd of September. That day he was unable to . classify them owing to the arrival of the Mail, and, on the first occasion of his seeing the Chief-Secrt tary, on the 4th, that-gentleman was very anxious to know how the tenders stood, and it would ap pear, where Cobb & Co. were, in particular. Mr Lewis was then unable to tell how Cobb & Co. stood for the following reason, Cobb and Co. liad not Bent in a single tender that was not dis qualified ; all their tenders being for group, not for single services, in accordance with the condi-" tions. This difficulty, the Chief-Secretary, after taking Mr Lewis's classification home with him on . the night of the 7th, wished to get rid off in much the same way as did his colleague the Treasurer a difficulty that arose when tenders were opened for conducting the London financial agency of - the Government. Mr Lewis received a note frotn the Chief recommending him to - communicate > with Mi Hill and get him to apportioiiate the lump sum to the various services. This Mr Lewis refused to do, as by that lime Cobb & Co would know the amounts of the various tenders, and they could easily split up their lump sum; Bo as to secure the particular services they wished. :The Chief-Secretary, before very zealous in the work, became suddenly lukewarm, and, strange,'to say, just at that period, Mr Lewis received an applica tion from Cobb & Co., to allow them to virtually alter their tenders, by striking off £1,900 for one or two routes-which other tenderers were pre-' pared to take at about £1200-thus considerably reducing Cobb & Co.'s lump -sum without pro portionately decreasing the work they tendered to perform. This Mr Lewis refused to allow] and Cobb & Co. threatened to report him to the Chief. Subsequently various minor contract were accepted by the Chief, and a number of principal ones readvertised under wnditibnailaBiit compelling the mail coaches to convey but simply to run well appoint vehicle1:ia1(^^«2 and Co.tendered in a lump sum, and their tended being below that of the segregate of. the single tenders, was accepted. The argument that the> supporters of the Government will put forwards should this subject be again brought before the House,, will be, that in consequence of the action taken by the Chief-Secretary, a large'saving has taken place. The expenditure on the Postal Service would have been much greater had thp lowest tenders that were sent in on the first occa sion been accepted. Granted. But how did tbe Chief-Secretary know that it was possible for the service io be executed at a lower rate than Cofob 5 and : ? Co.; had tendered, . and than any other tenderers had tendered ? Why were noteomeof 'Hie first batch of tenders accepted ? Was it be cause they were lower than Cobb & Co F Economy may have resulted from giving Cobb & Co. another chance. It would not be difficult to suggest a plan by which a certain measure of economy might generally be secured after tenders were opened. . But there is a certain description of economy that . is d&r; at any. price. The Indian Exportation Committee has reeeived applications: from persons desirous of sending samples of flour, biscuits, meats, soap, leather, fruit, ale, cordials, pickles, jams, sugar confections, cheese, honey, wines, beers, bitters, ale and porter, &c.;, The time for receiving samples has been extended till Friday; and MrC. H. T. ConnoiV who, ©n his road home, expects to be in India at the time of the Jane Bell's arrival, has consented to take .official charge of the cargo and advance the interest of the senders as far as lies in his power. v She Souse of Assembly might as well adjourn or two until an understanding has been yiwflrfed at whether the Council intends to pass any iniieasures this session or not. It is sheer, abso-. l?te;,TOste of time for measures to be debated In the Assembly, sent to the Council and thrown 'out, as is the case under the present arrangement. This week the Contagious Diseases Bill was rejected by the Upper House, only Messrs Morgan and Hogarth voting with the Chief- Secretary, and the other eight members present against. This is a nasty subject to touch upon- especially in a public journal-but the blii d, obstinate, unreasoning action of the Council renders such a course necessary. For we do not: wish to say that the Council rejected this measure out of sympathy with vice, although the inference would be by no means an unfair one, as^ not a single reason was brought forward why the third reading should not be carried. Vice it is well known does exist in Adelaide to a fearful extent; and if the strong arm of the law could check it, could present a contagious and even hereditary disease being spread, without, whilst so doing, trenching upon the full liberty or enterfering in any way with respectable persons-in fact, with »ny persons except those either diseased or in daily risk of being so-erery consideration of rea son and morality would ask that it should be called into action. Moreover, it is well known that the measure is no experiment. It has been tried in garrison towns in England,: where its1 worlring has been so satisfactory, that there is little doubt, its operation will, ere . long, be extended all over realm. . Where it has been tried its effect has been to materially prevent the spread of disease; and there is also good rea son to bslieve it has discouraged and checked the growth of immorality. The statistics which have been published speak for themselves ; and argu ments are not required to enforce them. Influen tial journale in the other colonies have been loud in die praise of the Strang ways Ministry for having the courage to deal in so sensible a manner with so' delicate a subject; and the conduct of the Jjower Souse in speedily approving the measure is-the only portion of its procedure really credit able to it during the session. The Council, by rejecting the measure, has shewn an inability to comprehend what is and what is not useful legis- i lation ; it has demonstrated that the interests of a party tainted with the greed of office are dearer to it than those of the country 5 and it has lent a color to the suspicion -that it has members inte- j rested in perpetuating . the vice and immorality that openly fiauntB itself in the streets of the Metropolis. Their lordships in the Council are doing their very- rbest to make the Chamber they constitute Odiou8j_nqt only in the eyes of an unreasoning j class of persons yeiy apt to talk about the j " obstructives " in the Upper House, but also to I those moderate men who have been accustomed to ^ look.upon the Council as a possible barrier against J an unscrupulous minister in the Lower House, ' backed ' "by an unreasonable and unreasoning' majority. For the third time the Council has re- | jected a Bill for the purpose of putting an end to ] the anomalous and objectionable method of pre- I tending- to deal with the proceeds of the land saieB-a method ' prolific jof confiision, and which i has-allowed Treasurers every facility for making z-^tJupke and drakes of the public money. The -cSbunci), as is well known, claims to have a voice in the appropriation of the Land Fund, and the Attorney-General to meet the views expressed, devised an act which followed an Imperial prece dent. "'There is but one-argument that can be-used by the Council for this claim put forward to con ciirreiit legislation, and that is, the mess the As sembly has allowed the finances of the country :to drift -into. As for as can ' possibly be foreseen at the present time this-' iness would only be intensified by allowing the Gouncil to iave a in the pie. Instead of there being one"set or muddlers at work there would be two j and the result may easily be foretold. Apparently faction is,the only feeling that has any sway amongst the majority of the Councillors to influence their votes. The Chief-Secretary is a notorious muff, and the Council would be very glad to see him pitchforked out of office. The beauty of the Fuller cum Bigot arrangement is iyjt appreciated. But as the Chief- Secretary does, as a matter of fact, represent the Government, it is most unreasonable that the business of the country should be at a standstill in consequence ? of the personal antipathies of members of the Council. Some racing took place at Kadinaon the Prin<4 of Wales Birthday, Tuesday Nov. 9, on the Matta Flat when there was a very close contest between laet Him Go and Gamecock, the former winning ,in the last heat by a head. A poney race was . Wpn by Mr Wbodwood's poney, and a trotting race by a grey Norfolk trobbing cob which is travelling the district. Thursday was a miserably uncomfortable day at Port Wallaroo, storms of dust incessantly sweeping over the township with a parching hot wind. The heat is said to have overcome more j than one person whose avocation called him to i labor in the open air. We believe the experience | at both Moontaand Kadina was very similar;! indeed, visitors to the three townships award the prefereace to Wallaroo. | The next lecture before the Young Men's Societies Union will be delivered by His Excel lency, Sir James Fergusson. The subject will be " the Suez Canal." The Ben Morowie, cutter, Captain Davidson, which arrived at Port Wallaroo from Franklin Harbor on the 6th inst., brought intelligenee of the rather sudden death of Mr Donald McKechnie, a brother to Dr. McKecknie, whose death we re corded as having occurred recently. Mr Donald McKecknie, who was also engaged in pastoral pursuits died exactly, three weeks afler his brother, the Dr. We regret to learn that Mr Peter McKecknie, another brother, also living at Franklin Harbor, was seriously ill when the Ben Morowie left that side of the gulf Favorable re ports have been brought over by the Ben Morowie of the progress of the Morowie Mine. It is said that a lode of yellow sulphurets and black ore 30 per cent, in value has been cut in Symes shaft. _ A grand pyrotechnic display under the direc tion of Mr Charles Knight, took place at Moonta on Tuesday, in honor of the birthday of the .Prince -£ Wales. There was a very large attendance of spectators, and Mr Enight was very successful in his management of the fireworks. A meeting of the Yorke's Peninsula Aboriginal Committee was held on Wednesday in the Pres byterian Church, Port Wallaroo. There was a good attendance of members of the Committee, and it was resolved that the annual meeting | should be held at the three townships on the ! Peninsula during the month of December, when Mr Kuhn and a dozen of his pupils will be asked to attend. On the 11th inst., a sailor named James Green gale, of the schooner Defiance, waB brought before Mr J. B. Shepherdson, S.M., at the Wallaroo Police Court, charged with nsing threatening lan guage to the mate of the vessel. The offence being fully proved, defendant was ordered to enter into his own recognisances for £10 and to find two 1 sureties in £5 each, that he should keep the peace , towards the prosecutor. Failing in this he was sent to gaol for a month. A meeting of the Yorke's Peninsula Regatta Committee was held on Wednesday eyening at the Cornucopia Hotel. There was an excellent attendance and a programme was adopted in which a prize of £20 is offered for sailing boats, the second boat to receive £5. This is an addi tional race to the usual one for sailing boats which wiil also take place. A letter was read from Captain Simpson of the Black Diamond Line, con senting to be Vice-President. So valuable a'prize as £20 should tempt boats from outside the dis- j tricc to enter the lists. The programme will be f°un(i in our advertising columns. ! Speaking of the first days of the City of Adelaide, "A Scribbler" revives in the Border Watch the following, which will not be new to pioneers, but will be to many others:-" It was then easy to lose oneself in the sylvan city even in the day time, and at night it was scarcely pos- i sible to avoid doing bo. The maze-like character! of the spot was much enhanced by the multitudes of wattles , which occupied the spaces left by gum-' trees. Many instances occurred of people having I to bush it within the limits of the town, or of going bewildered to their own residences to en- i quire the way home. For years there was a laugh against the then Acting Judge, consequent on an adventure of the sort. This gentleman had 6eenJ appointed to act as Judge in consequenee of the j first Judge (Jeffeott) having been drowned by the upsetting of a boat at the entrance to the Hirer : Murray. 'H£B! 1 and learned man, but suffered from defective vision and heaiing. He.tiad beeti dining one day- with j Mr Os&Qnd.; Gilles /at * his bouse near St.John^3.! Church, his own residence being in Gilles Arcade j -perhaps about three-quarters of a milfi distant.; Other two guests who- left Mr Grilles' long after I him were surprised at overtaking him a very short j distance from the starting-point, He was standing ! opposite the stock of a she oak, the top of which j had been lopped. Bowing very politely, and addressing the tree, he said, " Will you have the kindness to tell me the way to Gilles Arcade ?" j Of course the tree made no reply. Again bowing, J he said, " Do oblige me bv telling we the way to Gilles Arcade." The tree was mute as before. A third time he pleaded, and more earnestly, but: with the same result, when he turned away on his j uncertain journey, meekly remarking, " Well, if you don't know the way you might at least have had the politeness to tell me so." A | loud laugh from the unsuspected spectators as-1 sured him of many a good roasting subsequently, I and of present guidance to his not distant resi-1 deuce." We understand that immediately the Moonta case was absolutely settled in the Supreme Court, j the compromise money, £8000, was at once paid J over to the claimants. The Peripatetic Philosopher of the Australasia» writes j-" Another topic of importance is that of Imperial interferen ce in colonial affairs. For my own part, I should heartily like to see Aus tralia a republic-not because I have any patriotic sentiments, or yearnings after freedom or humbug of that description, but simply because I believe that it would be better for me. The colony of Victoria at the present moment is about the most one-horse place a man can well imagine, and un less one is either a liar or a thief one cannot make much money in it. If a man possessed both of these qualifications, and could combine a little judicious boot-licking, he might, I believe, make for himself a comfortable income, and, perhaps, in time, a honest independence. If the colony ever becomes a republic, with Mr Vale, or some other equally well- educated gentlemanly person as president, I fancy that the chances of success for impecunious people like myself may be increased.. I should, therefore, be glad to Bee some change in the existing condition of affairs, and I have no doubt but that there are many here who think with me, and will be prepared to take every advantage of " logrolling" and " proper repre sentations " to arrive at the desirable result of hardi-casb." We take the following from the Border Watch:-" Sheep shearing was commenced at the Moorak woolshed on Tuesday last. The sheep this season are complained of as too fat and their sides literally shake with that article. W hile on a visit to the shed on Wednesday, Mr Telfer caught a fine lamb and put it on the scales, when it was/found to weigh 105 lbs., not a bad weight even for a Lincoln, considering it was under four months old. The ewes were yielding from 10 to 12 lbs. greasy wool per head." " A private correspondent says the, Border Watch, as well as our correspondent at Narra eoorte, states that things are very bad in the northern portion of the South-East as well as on the adjoining stations of Victoria. A good deal of country is being abandoned for want of water and feed ; and in consequence of the inability of settlers to sell the sheep they are unable to feed, they are making arrangements for slaughtering them. Mr Jones, of Bvnnum Binnum, com mences the work of slaughtering next Monday, and will lessen his flocks by several thousand head. 