? GOOD-BYE TO THE SESSION ! • Gcod-bye to the sbssion, 'tis over, .. .. The scramble for places and pay : Each patriot now is a Tover, All flitted like swallows away-; There's nobody left to invite one To nobblerise now at the bar. No chance fbra chap to indite one pood, peppery, personal par; ^The Speaker may sleep through December, Macleav hasten back to his " crows," And Geoff, without shaking remember lie's got such a thing as a nose. Good-bye to the session, the lobbies, The lunches, the suppers, the beiers, The "hums," and the "halis" and the hobbies, The jaw, and the chaff, and the cheers ^ The blather, theblutter, and blunders, The fights 'tween the "noes" and the "ayes," The Ghostfs oratorical thunders, Tho Ghost'B'Oratoricallies; Denouncings of Papists and treasons, Inciting of.-war to- the knife, For the worst of all possible reasons, The stirring tip hatred and strife. Good-bye to the sessions, the squabbles Enough to make any one sick, " I pays for the Toaat-pork I gobbles, But you, you brute, gobble on tick ! " The voices deliriously blended— " Rogue 1" " swindler I" "ass !"-"fiddlestick !"" fool I" And then when the tempest is ended, Ecart£, three up, or pin-pool; The shouts end the laughter uproarious As the cob rattles over stones, The patriot happy and " glorious," To rattle at midnight the bones. "Good-bye to the session, Sir Jemmy, The knight of the wig aud the gown; The puritan Wilson, so prim he "Would put sal the •" cakes and ule " down ; "Tlie labor in vain of the bold man "Who rivals the Windeyer's fame, And the eloquent tongue of the old man, For lana he remembered his name 1 The chamber whore oft thro' the night sighed The Speaker of slumber beroft, The political sheep on the right side, The political goats on the left. Good-bye to tho session ; Another •Will come with its hopes and-its vows ; "Will it fritter away like its brother In twaddle, and squabble, and l-ows 8 "Will it come with a rose or a nettle ? AVill it come with a blessing or curse ? Its measures and men bettor metal, Or both of them fifty times worse ? "Will it come but to chaff and tochatter ? Will it come but to live and to die Unbonored, unwept S Bah ! what matter 1 Good-bye to the session, good-bye 1 —Syiney launch. 