JUVENILE TEMPERANCE ASSOCIA TION. ;: On Thursday next, the 1st of July, a public meeting will be held in Newcastle, for the purpose of establishing a branch of the recently formed ' Jmenile Temperance Asso ciation of New South Wales.' The great object of the new association appears to be to induce, the entire, riaiug genera tion to become total abstainers from all intoxicating drinks. The following passage from the introductory paper, read at tho opening meeting in Sydney, sets forth pretty clearly the aim and scope of the new Society : — ' The friends of the temperance movement are constantly deploring the magni tude of the evil, and their own fruitless efforts to gain any mastery over it. Rulers, judges, magistrates, ministers, philanthropists, and men of eminence of every kind are utterly at a loss even to prescribe any real practical remedy, and content themselves with lamenting over It. We consider that we see the solution to the problem, that there is but one road to a brighter future, and that road is in training our children to abstain from those beverages that have proved so dangerous and destructive to others. That what rulers, judges, minis ters, and philanthropists are powerless to effect, can. be accomplished with ease, by the trainers and teachers of the young. If we want an educated community, we educate the young, not the old, and exactly the same plan must be followed, if we want the community to practice any other habits than those they at present adopt. Induce the youth of the colony to abstain from the use of iatoxicatiug liquors, and the number of drinkers would gradually decrease, the publicans would find their trade grow less and less jjrofitable, pub-; lie-houses would become fewer, public opinion would range itself against the trade, arid it: would be easy to pass any laws that might be thought desirable for its suppression.' Circu-' lar letters, explanatory of the movement, have been received by the superintendents of all the Sabbath Schools in the city, and, from the cordial manner in which the Association has been espoused by the Wesleyan Methodist Conference, and other important public bodies in Sydney, it is confidently believed that the effort to establish a strong Branch in Newcas tle will be eminently successful. The present effort is to be quite independent of any exist ing Temperance Societies, or Bauds of Hope, and seems likely to be attended with very sa tisfactory results. However much opinions may differ as to the necessity of total absti nence among adults, the dictum of the promo ters of the new society, where they say, ' that it is highly desirable that children should con tinue abstainers,' will be pretty generally con ceded. The inaugural meeting, as we have said, is proposed to be held on Thursday next, when a deputation from Sydney, consisting of Mr. John Dart (late of Newcastle), and Mr.; Henry B. Lee, the Association's Secretary,' will attend, and give a detailed account of the formation of the Society, together with; a1 sketch of its intended future operations. Con sidering that the movement in Sydney has re-j ceived the countenance and active support of such eminent men as Sir William Manning,' Dr. Lang, the Rev. J. Pillars, the Rev. DrJ Steel, and many others, we have uo doubt the! opening meeting in Newcastle will be largely and infiuentially attended. j Amateur Concert in aid of the Hospital.— The select amateur concert in aid of the funds of the Newcastle Hospital came off, pursuant to an nouueement, on Thursday evening last, at the City Hall, Newcornen-street, and, considering the rather limited notice that had been gi von,, wai well attended by a highly respectable' ,!and fashionable audience. The programme, as a whole, was a good one, and contained several well-known and deservedly popular vocal gems; Considering the noble object for which the con cert was given, anything like a detailed criticism of the performance would be out of place, and calculated to deter both ladies and gentlemen from coming forward again on a similar occasion! it will suffice, therefore, if wo briefly allude to the entertainment in general terma. In the firat part the pieces, 'Jones' Musical Party' (a comic song), ' when the Swallows Homewuxd Fly' (a duet), and tho two instrumental selections,— the one a solo, on the cornet, by Mr. J. M. Gates, and the other a selection by the orchestra, — were most favourably received. The songs and duets were nicely sung, but the instrumental selections were by far the best, and were cer tainly rendered in a masterly style. In the second part, the opening chorus from Mananiello, ' Away, away,' the Duet from Nornia, — the comic song, ' Have yoti seen tho Ghost J' — the flute solo the ballad, ' I would be a Soldier still,' and the Gertrude Wpltzes by the orches tra, were moat loudly applauded. Conspicuous among the vocal selections 'were the two comic songs, which, making all due allowances for the wide difference between the two styles, were splendidly rendered ; indeed, the singing qf.the song 'Have you seen the Ghost?' created a perfect furore, the entire audience vociferously demanding an encore. After the applause had continued for about a couplo of minutes, the president (Mr. James Hannell), rose and in formed the- audience that the request for an encore could not be complied 'with. This an nouncement appeared to increase the desiro of the people to hear the song again, and, in spite of ttio shaking of heads and waving of hands, the applause was kept up with extraordinary enthusiasm for fully five or six minutes longer. The stewards, however, remained firm, and, as wo cannot help thinking, rather ungraciously refused to allow the song to be repeated. The reason assigned for such an unusual course was, that the audience knew by the printed pro gramme that 'no encores could be allowed.' That reason, in our opinion, was not a sufficient one, especially when it is recollected that, in Sydney and Melbourne, tho encore system still prevails, notwithstanding extraordinary efforts ou the part of newspaper writers to put it down. As regards the ability displayed in the singing of the song, we have not heard two opinions ex presaed ; it was almost infinetely superior to any other item in the programme, and would have reflected great credit on any professional comic singer we have heard — Black, himself, not er cepted. The concert was . brought to a close by singing the |National Anthem, just previous to tho rendering of which, Mr. Hannoll, on behalf of the Hospital committee, moved a vote of thanks to the performers, passing a high eulo gium upon them for their generous exertions. He mentioned, also, that several other ladies would have taken part in tho concert had they not been prevented from doing so by the preva lence of bad colds and influenza. The enter tainment terminated about half-past ten o'clock. We understand the net proceeds are likely to amount to about £15, which, with the Govern ment subsidy, will give £30 to tho credit of this excellent institution. A sugar- cane, of the Bourbon variety, weigh ing 181bs., was recently cut on the Richmond RiTer. ' y ? i 