THE POPE AND THE PATRIARCH. A few weeks ago it was announced that the Pope bad sent somo eminent persons to the Patriarch of Constantinople to invito him to the great Vatican Council. Tho Greek papers now stato that his Holiness has also honoured the Patriarch of Alexandria with a similar summons. At tho time appointed the Papal plenipotentiary, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Alexandria, accompanied by three other clorgy- men, presented himself beforo tho Patriarch, when, after an exchange of compliments, a colloquy took place, with which wo must tako groat liberties for the purpose of condensation, but our familiar version of which shall fairly represent the original : — Romau Catholic Bishop — Most Venerablo, I am commanded to hand you a Brief inviting tho occupant of this Patriarchial Throno to the (Ecumenical Council. Patriarch — Do the contents of the Brief agreo with thoso of the Encyclical of the most Blessed Pope of Old Rquio ? Bishop — They do. Patriarch — Tho desires of his Holiness for tho union of all tho Churches of Christ is excollent. Wo too, of this ancient apostolic and glorious Throno of St. Mark, havo always offered up fervent prayers for the same end. But hero tho community between us ends ; all beyond is delusion and discord. Wo cannot accept this Brief for tlireo reasons. First, it denies tho equality which exists among tho holy Churches of God, and abolishes their independence, proclaiming that Rome holds sway over othor Churches equally self-govern ing. Secondly, the Pope gives us to under stand that salvation is to be obtained ex clusively in Rome ; whereas tho energy of divino graco has operated, and does operate throughout the globo. In the third place, the Popo intimates that he assembles tho Council on tho Festival of the Immaculato Conception — a dogma wholly unknown to the Church, a recent innovation, and by no means a solitary one. But why pursue tho subject further ? If the Holy Popo of Old Romo sincerely de sires tho pacification and unity of tho whole Church of Christ, then let him, as a brother, and as an equal among equals, put himself in communication with tho other holy Patriarchs, and with them tako counsel respecting tho methods best calculated for securing tho end in view ; although the best of all methods would bo to adopt tho course to which history points, and to approximate the modern institu tions of Rome to those of more primitive times. But not acting on this principle, his Holiness will labour in vain, and only further widen tho breach whicb already separates us. Bishop — The Holy Father summons this Council as hoad and sovereign over the Church, and successor of tho blessed Apostlo Peter ; but I am not corno to discuss. Patriarch — Bo it so ; but we do not yield to such prctensious, which aro at variance with tho received teaching of the Church, of which Christ only is the head. Bishop — But you know that your. Church is tho See of tho Apostlo Mark, who was con secrated Bishop of Alexandria by tho blessed Peter. Besides, did not tho great Athanasius appeal to Rome ? Patriarch — If the Bishop of Romo boasts of St. Peter, he of Antioch has a still better right to do so, Petor having taught and acted as Bishop thero beforo ho did at Rome. Tho consecration of St. Mark by Peter makes no difference, for all tho Apostles woro equal in authority and dignity. Again, if Athanasius appealed to tho Bishop of Rome, it was when ho was under persecution, aud as a suffering brothor, to one able to help him — not to a superior. Bishop — For such an end as unity should you not bo a liltlo less precise, and not stand so much on your dignity ? Patriarch — No ; this is not a question of a form, but of a most important principle. But not to prolong this discussion, let me repeat once for all that, as this now attempt on the part of his Holiness tho Pope has mis carried, it is necessary, if he sincerely desires the unity of tho Universal Church, that lie should write to tho Patriarchs individually, and, acting in concert, endeavour to come to an understanding with them respecting the course to bo adopted — renouncing every idea of domination and every dogma on which on which opinions may clash in the Church. By so doing his efforts might perchance be crowned with somo degree of success. The conversation hero became ceremonious and complimentary, and in the end the Pope's Envoy retired with his attendants, carrying with them the rejected invitation. Yankee Senators. — Tho Stock Exchange ' may take comfort from reading tho New York Herald. of the 28tb ult., in which they will see that America has internal dissonsions which appear to occupy at present mnch of her attention. A great part of that journal is taken up, not with the Alabama claims, but with details of what is called tho " Sprague Excitement," arising from a scene in tho Senate Houso at Washington, and a very interesting and instructive narrativo it is. Senator Sprague, who is familiarly called " little Rhody," made use of tho expression " puppy dog," which Senator Abbott took to himself, and, according to tho New York Herald, threatened in private life " to wallup little Rhody from tho Capitol to George Town Height." It is not, therefore, to bo wondered at, that, when Senator Abbott came to the Senate House with these bloodthirsty inten tions, Senator Sprague took an early oppor tunity of leaving it ; this made Senator Abbott 1 mora angry than ever, and ho expressed his intention of having satisfaction outsido the Senate. And here wo must express our deep egret that Senator Nye thought fit to add fuel to tho fire by shouting, out, "Spank liltlo Spraguey ; spank him and send him to bed." Tlio New York Herald states that this incident led to a great sensation in Washington ; some had it that Senator Abbott had cowhided Senator Sprague ; others that ho had pulled his nose, boxed his ears, and otherwise heaped indignities upon him. On the other hand. Sprague's admirers circulated stories precisely the reverse, giving all the prowess to "little Rhody," and annihilating Abbott, " Hie rotund and muscular, as did David the gigantic Goliath." It is theroforo with intense relief that at the end of four closely printed columns devoted to minute details of the a flair wo read tho following: — "Tho Abbott-Sprague Im broglio adjusted — No Faces shipped — Nobody spanked — No Bloodshed — Wounded Honour readily healed." It appears that Senators Sumner, Sherman, and Pool, after negotiations which occupied nearly four hours, adjusted tho difference ; Sonator Sprague explained that tho term " puppy dog" was not intended for Senator Abbott, who accepted tho apology, and it is comforting to read that at 11.30 p.m., April 20, " Abbott is jolly, ditto Spragno." RoniiEUiES liy Cr.EiiKS. — Warrants have been placed in the hands of tho dotcctivo polico for the apprehension of two clerks in London banks. Ono absconded on Saturday from the city, and his defalcations aro ovor £17,000. Tho other was missing yesterday morning from a branch offico at Padding-ton, and ho is said to have taken £1200 with him. According to the Shipping Caclle, Messrs. Smith, Payno, and Smiths are the sufferers from the heavier of thoso two robberies. A traveller for a Preston wine merchant has absconded, aud defalcations havo boon discovered in his accounts to the extent of a thousand pounds. This sum, however, it is believed, docs not reprosent half the frauds which have been committed. Tho defaulter, whoso name is Edward Moorby, was for many years chief, dotcctivo in the Preston borough police. — J all Mall (Ja.el.le, May 13. Fmcrrrfur, Murder ix Beeoium. — Tho Pehl Moniteur gives tho details of a frightful assassination at Antwerp. A young widow j named Jeanno Serve, lived with her two young j children opposite to a bootmaker, himself a young widower, and the father of two young children about tho samo age as thoso of his neighbour. For somo time past ho had sighed in vain for tho fair widow, who had steadily refused to be led a second timo to the altar. Tho irritated fashioner of brogues and bend leather fancied that his adored ono was un faithful and preferred some rival wooer, and. tried the stale trick of hanging himself in despair (taking duo precaution that he should bo out down in time), with tho liopo of soften ing the cruel flinty-hearted widow. The latter, however, was quite indifferent, and refused the amorous suicide moro decidedly than before ; whereat tho rejected cobbler plucked a six- shooter from beneath his apron and tired full at tho widow. The latter fled, but the sanguinary cobbler pursued his victim and planted a second bullet, in the lower part of her back. Covered with blood, the unfortunate woman had just strength to gain the house of a neighbour, and gasp out, "Ho wants to kill mo because I won't have him," when sho fell insensible on the floor. A moment after a third pistol shot resounded through tho quiet street, tho cobbler having finished murder by suicide, and shot himself with great precision. His victim yet survives, but her life is despaired of. Sho was of irreproachable character, and hitherto her murderer had enjoyed the repute of being an inoffensive industrious tradesman. Such is lifo and love in phlegmatic Antwerp. A Romance ix Re.u, Life. — "YVe (the J>ir- minyham Gazelle-)- -havo-just_hcard a capital anecdote, which our relations with the narrator warrant us in endorsing in every particular. Some eighteen months ago two gentlemen — ono young and tho other middle-aged — were to bo soon, not, as our friend G. P. R. James would say, wending their way up the avenue leading' to a spacious hall, &c.;, but quietly taking an evening stroll into the neighbour hood of Temple Bar, where they encountered a damsel of tho " period," of course, crying bitterly. Tho sympathies ot tho younger of the two woro at onco enlisted, but tho older, whoso chivalry had been quite extinguished by long knowledge and experience of London dodges, treated the matter as a hoax, and ex horted his companion to " corno on." Our hero gallantly refused, and tho two parted company, when tho lady informed her knight that she had that day corno to town for the first time in tho company of her father, a Warwickshire clergymen, that they had re paired to ail hotel of which she did not re member the name, and that sauntering out to do some shopping, sho had been absorbed by soino novelty, and "missed papa," and con sequently knew not what to do nor whero to go. The gentleman was placed in rather an embarrassing position. Of tlio truth of the lady's story he entertainod no doubt; he soon discovered that sho was a lady, and like a sensible man he determined to do his utmost to set her .right. Ordering a cab, sho was conveyed to an hotel and located for the night, hot' rescuer appointing to meet her in the morning, convey her to Paddington, and de spatch her back to Warwickshire. He did so, and a few days afterwards the genuineness ol i tho case was continued by a visit from the clergyman, who, after heartily thanking his daughter's deliverer for his kindness and chivalry, invited him down to the rectory, where tho intimacy was renewed and soon ripened into affection, which was consummated last week by the matrimonial union of de liverer and delivered. Moral — Never refuse help to a lady in distress if you can bo sure she is a lady, and not an impostor, since by assisting her you may be entertaining an angel and a future wife unawares. Poisoning my a Wife. — A Paris corres- pondent writes as follows : — Another remark able poisoning caso has just been tried by the Assizes of tho Marne. Tho following is an outline of the affair : — In 1S51 Mdlle. Louise Lebobo was married to M. Jean Baptist Brissot, a well-to-do agriculturist. Shortly after tlio nuptials, tho wifo took a great dislike to her husband, probably owing to the great disparity of their ages, sho being only sixteen, while he was getting on for forty. One or two children, however, were born, and it was not until IStiG that tho family of both parties discovered tho irregular conduct of Madamo Brissot. At this epoch it was dis covered that sho was too intiinato with the tutor who camo to tlio house to teach' lier danglitei' music. From that moment sho appears to have docided on getting rid of her husband, which praiseworthy object sho suc- coedod in effecting by giving hiui chocolate mixed with sulphate of copper. M. Brissot died on tho 23rd May, 1838, in the most fearful agony ; the doctors suspected nothing, and lie was buried. Having disposed of her husband and inherited what fortune remained, she determined on giving her undo his quietus, in order to come into his property. She therefore sent her sister-in-law a box of drayees (sweetmeats), accompanied by a letter in which she said — "The moment has arrived. I shall feci great iy obliged if you will givo these bonbons to M. Lebocq ; it will do him so much good." It is hardly necessary to state that these sweetmeats contained Hie same delicate mixture as had sent M. Brissot to his tomb. Fortunately, however, the suspicions of flic family had been aroused, and the bonbons were destroyed. A reunion, dejianilh: took place, and it was decided not to accuse Widow Brissot publicly in consequence of tho disgrace it would entail on the family name. The affair, however, oozed out, notwithstanding all the care bestowed on keeping it secret. Tlio guilty widow decamped to Switzerland, and after spending tho money sho had in herited from her poisoned husband,- returned to France, and was taken into custody on the 22nd January last. At tho trial she stoutly protested her innocence, and preserved a sang froid remarkable ovou in a woman of thirty- two years. Tho jury, however, found her guilty, and sho has been seuteuccd to death. — r 1'j cho , The WiEEOOcirinY D'Eresuy Scaxiiae. — In i tho matter of the Countess d'Altoyrac, other wise Willoiighby, an application was made to Mr. Commissioner Ilolroyd at the Court of Bankruptcy last week. Tho lady named, who has been made bankrupt, is in custody of the sheriffs, not in the debtors' prison, but at a placo in Chancery-lane known as Bream's Buildings, and sho now applied for an order for her release from custody, under the 112th section of the Act of IS I'd. Her ladyship's name has recently been before the public in connection with the proceedings in another court, which were taken against Lord Wil loiighby d'Eresby. She is described us Juii in Maria d'Altoyrac, of 32, Park-street, Grosvenor- square, commonly known as tho Countess d'Altoyrac, otherwiso Willoughby, of no occu pation, now a prisoner for debt in Bream's j Buildings. Sho ascribes her failure to in- I sufficiency of income, law expenses, and pres sure of creditors. Tho detaining creditors are ; -Mr. E. Dtiggloby, lodging-house-keeper, of | Gower-stroet, whoso debt is £33, and the ! London and South- Western Bank, Regcnt- ' street, £103. The total debts arc £517l. 'flic principal creditors are — M. de Loug- : champs-, of Park-street, Grosvcnor-squaro, I £25f>0 ; and Messrs. Little and Co., of Sloane- ! street, Chelsea, £002. The application was opposed on bolialf of tho detaining creditors. Tho bankrupt, in examination, stated that sho was entitled under tho award of Mr. Vernon Harcourt to £100 a month from a nobleman, ,£">000 down, and £1000 a year for rent. Hitherto she had only received about £">00. Most of her debts had been contracted since the award. The houso in Park- street which she occupied was half furnished. Sho had no i intention of leaving the country. In support of the application, Dr. Forriani was called, and deposed that Hie bankrupt was suffering from nervous debility, and that her longer confine ment would endanger her lifo. Her nervous debility arose from disease. It was asked that tho bankrupt should be required to give bail; but his honor said that, looking at the facts which had been disclosed as to the award, lie did not think this necessary, and ho ordered the release asked for. Cnuous Acrinx at Lyons. — A case of con siderable interest to English readers has just come before the Civil Tribunal at Lyons. It was a demand made by the heirs of a certain Major Martin from tho municipality of that city. It appeared from the evidence that Major Martin entered tho service of tho East l iiiliiiCompauy as a common private, and died at Lucknow in 1800 at a good old age, leaving a fortune of £1-80,000. In a will, dated a few months beforo his death, ho loft a portion of his property to his relatives, but distributed tho greater pari, -among charitable institutions, and especially thoso of Lucknow, Calcutta, and Lyons. Among tlio numerous clauses of t-lio will was one by which tlic city of Lyons, where tho testator had long resided, was bound to devote .an annual sum of £500 to tlio libera tion of prisoners for debt. Tho relations of Major Martin, basing their claim on the law of tho 22nd July, 1807, which abolished per sonal imprisonment in civil and commercial cases, maintained that tho capital representing tho above-named interest of £500 ought to revert to them. Tho City of Lyons very naturally resists the claim, and as tho cases involves several important legal questions, it is not likely to be finished for somo timo. Romantic Affair at Soi.tii Durham. — In the course of last week, the colliery village of Thornley, near Durham, was thrown into a stato of excitement, the cause of which will bo gathered from tlio sequel. About twelve years ngo, a pitman was desirous of pushing his fortune in another land, and hearing of tho marvellous auriferous discoveries in Australia, determined to proceed thither. He , sot sail, leaving behind him a wile and two children at Thornley, and arrived in due course in that distant colony; and forthwith went to the gold-fields aud commenced "dig- , ging for nuggets." Variable for somo time, at last fortuno smiled upon him, aud at tlio expiration of about eleven years lie found himself in possession of tho handsome fortune of £15.001), honestly and industriously obtain ed. During this long period of his absence from England, he communicated with his wife, desiring that she and her family — two girls — should join him, and scut the necessary tickets for their transit to the Now World. She, 1 however, never went. The successful miner discovered the cause on his arrival at his ' native villago last week. His faithless partner had bcconio enamonred of an itinorant rag merchant, and tho owner of a wooden log, to whom sho had two children. Like Enoch 1 Ai'don, he at once discarded her, not, however, before making himself known to his two : daughters, who were children when he left them for Australia. The3o ho took from their mother, and afterwards equipped them in a ' manner suitablo to his altered position. Thero was much rejoicing in tho villago when his naino and wealth wero known, and aftor killing the fitted calf, and making merry amongst somo of his old friends, ho departed , the following morning with his two girls. — A ewcaslle Chronicle. , Excerpta. — Tho Rev. Thomas Sniiili and his family arrived in good health in England ou tho 1 5th May. At the Police Court, Dubbo, Mr. It. V. Sutton has boon brought up for slicop stonling iu Mny last. Tho slicep belonged to Mr. i J, F, Josophsou. Mr. Sutton was romauded for two months, allowed bail,' himself in"£J0, find tlireo sureties in £20 each.- Itisprobablo that owing to the fall in tho prico'of wool tho rato for shearing will bo 15s. and not 17s. Gd. a hundrod this season in tho Riverinn district. Ahout 1GOO mixed sheep, clear of diseaso, woro purchased from a station iu tho Wnirarapa (Now Zealand) at 1 Od. per head. Tlio skins alono woro worth from Is. 5d. to Is. Gd. Tho Honournbloa .Sullivan and Casey, two of tlio Victorian Ministry, wero, says the Pastoral Times, hooted out of Spring Creek diggings last week. Tho diggers were opposed to Mr. Sullivan's leasing claims regulations. Mr. Sullivan, tho Minister for Minos, aud Mr. Casey, tho Minister of Justice, wero accompanied front Spring Creole with hootings and bowlings. It is reported that Mr. George Milncr Stephen will bo appointed a District Court jiulgo. Tho Flyiny Dragon Reporter, a Chinese noivspapcr, printed 'in native characters iu metal, procured from Hongkong, aud published onco a month in London, states : — Tho Chinese aro doing well in Melbourne, and marry English and Irishwomen, who seem to preler thorn to tho rough and indo Europonn miners. New reefs aro being discovered and taken up in parts of tho Litt'lo River, Braid- wood district. Some vory promising looking reefs havo been found nearer the const mimesy , and it is tho opinion of many that tho lnr"ost reefs will bo found to exist thero. -Tho prospectus of a now ovcuing paper has been issued in Sydney. On Monday noxt tho Hon. tho Colonial Secretary purposes starting for Queensland by tho way of Muswollbrook, Tnm- worth, Armiilalo, Tcntorfiold, and Warwick tlionco to Brisbano. Mr. Robertson intends to return via tlio Tweed and Richmond. Soon niter the earthquake of last year it was reported to tho Mai Hand Mrre.ury and published at tho timo, that somo peculiar evidoncos of its power remained in the gullies of the mountains about the Patorson. It now nppears that within two miles of tho Patorson township, among tlio mountains, hundreds and oven thousands of tons of stone have been thrown down, rout asunder, and otherwise marked by. the progress of somo mighty convulsion. A boiler oxplodod in a Hour mill at Ballnrat, by which a man named Albert Hill was killed, and another wounded. Hop growing is likely to bo extensively tried in Victoria.; 0110 firm at Melbourno sold 20, WO plants.— =iTho returns of the Almnndn (8. A.) .Silver Mines givo 1G ounces to tho ton. j- Diamonds . havo boon lound at Echuima (S.A.) ; and it is stated they exist there in largo numbers. I ho manufneturo of tobacco is being conducted in Adelaide. Tho Frcebricl" 0 at Adelaide brought six tons of pearl (shell) from the Western Australian fisheries, valued at £>5 per ton. From New Zealand wo learn that it was reported that Rewi was plottiii"- a union of tho Hauhaiis with tho friendlics ; 200 A ru was had marched against To Kooti Two fat pigs, weighing about 850 lbs. woro sold at auction in Melbourne for £17 Is. In all 11G diamonds havo been taken from tho Mudgeo mine. A member of tho Victorian Legislature, of tho Jewish persuasion, is said to bo con siderably involved. The liabilities of tho cstato are reported to bo about £13000.1 Tlio bill providing for tho retirement of Mr. A. V. Manning from the public servico of Queensland has passed its third reading iu tlio Assombly. Mr. llughaiii, who has lately arrivoil at Melbourno from Nicol Bay, Western Australia, has brought with him somo fino specimens of pearls found on that coast. Tlioy aro said to bo of tho finost quality, and tho largest, nbont tho sizo ot a pea, is valued by competent judges at between £200 and £300. Juxee Reefs. — The following is a summary of the information respecting thoso reefs supplied by the Burranyony Argus.: — At tho Tomorii reef Uoldspiuk and party aro working two shafts- one in the live acros lease, and the other in tlio prospecting claim. Their distance apart, how ever, is only fifty feet, and each is down twonty- thrce feet. Hero tlio reel is compact and about five feet wide with well-structured walls of broken slate. Tlio gold exists chiefly at tlio I attained depth, in somo eighteen inches of tho foot-face ol tho reel, in stono having tlio appear ance of an aggoloinorntion of bright, irregular crystals, with veins ol a brown, decomposed mineral, and is pretty porous. A few tons will bo sent to Kilpntriok's machino ivhon tlio bush admit it travelling. The Cambrian is turning out first-class stone, and is two feet wido at a depth of fifteen foot, in tlio main shaft. Ryan and Hellbrm, -ill's looks bettor than it did a month ago. No. 1 north of Rvaii and Ileffcrmnii's crushed 10 divts., mid No. 1 south 1G dwts. por ton, both payablo quantities with a machino so closo at hand as tlio ono shortly to bo erected by tlio shareholders of Ryan mul Hoflcrman's. Mallet's to seven tons gave 45 ozs. of amalgam. Ax EXT THE SUI'KltXATUKAI..— TIlO lovOl'S of tllO marvellous will delight in tho following, sup plied by tlio Burranyony Aryus: — In tlieso en- lightened times it seems almost an absurdity to talk about ghost-' making their appearance, hut tho following statement of what has befallen throo rqspectablo men residing near Young is autliontic, and may bo relied upon by our rondors as boing 110 hoax. Tho throo mon referred to aro splitting posts and rails for fencing at a place about four milos from Young, nonr tho Threo-milo aud tho old Duller Rush. Tho first timo thoy saw anything unusual was 011 ono moonlight night, about throo weeks ago, when they wore much start-led by seeing in tlio bush near their hut a white object about the sizo of a cat, but of 110 particular form. This extraordin ary-looking object suddenly beforo their eyes sprung up into a white, spectro about eight foot high. Thoy called out to it, but could get 110 re ply, struck it with a stick, and it sounded hol low. It also chased two of thorn 0110 way, mid ono miothor. O11 another occasion thov retired to hod at the , usual hour 011 a calm still night, wont to sleep, slept for somo timo, and, upon 0110 waking up during the night, ho was much sur prised to find that tho wliolo of tho roof of tho lint had been removed. On looking out t-hoy saw the spectro, but 110 one elso was about, and they ni'o alfquite stiro that neither 011 this or tho forinor occasion was it either a man or a woman. Its suddenly rising before their oyes from a moro nothing to a height of eight feet quito dumb founded them. Another night thoy were much surprised at- seeing a strange, unearthly-looking animal, somewhat resembling a dog, with a long chain attached to it. This animnl camo right in front of tlio hut, mid commenced irriiiiiing at them, but made 110 noise, either by barking or otherwise, save tlio occasional rattling of his chain. As the animal would not go aivny, ono of the men (who was a good shot) loaded a gun, mul fired the contents direct at tho brute, but the shot took 110 effect upon it. Tho dog, or av lint ever it was, remained for some considerable timo. On another night tho dog seemed to havo returned, for they heard tlio rattling of a chain and a lioiso like what a dog would niako when licking n plato. Upon looking outsido, they saw that a plate which had boon left thero was in motion, but they could not soo what caused it to ho so, although they could, whilo looking, dis tinctly hear the samo noise described above. Thoy watched it for somo timo, tho plato being kept in motion, and tlio noiso being distinctly heard as if tho plate was being licked by somo animal. On Sunday last thoso mon camo into Young, and upon 0110 of tliem returning in tho evening lie found that tlio door of tho hut hnd boon pulled down mul its contents brought out side and left there. Two out of tho three men aro well known to us, and wo feel confident that what wo have stated may ho relied upon as boing the truth. A shepherd told tlieso 111011 that somo timo ago two men who wero splitting thero quarrelled, and 0110 killed tho other with nil axo, and afterwards felled a t-rco 011 him, and that it was nothing extraordinary for tho murdered man's ghost to niako its appearance. Yass : Printed and indjlistied by James John Brown, soleprojrrie.tor, at the " Courier " General Printing Office, Itossi-street, Yass, in the Colony of New South ll «?cs, 