THE ALLEGED CONSPIRACY. 'We should be very sorry indeed to keep open perpetually this irritating question. of' the existence or non-existence of or ganized Fenianism in these,' colonies ;, but bdfoie it is allowed rest we believe it to be incjiispensable for the peace of the country that, thft hrnth. as far as it is at all' Dbssible toxliscover it, should be found but. ': j^e cause we are thoroughly coiivinced that, every additional fact brought to -light will do-something towards proving the 'ground- lessness of the late panic, and towards re assuring the uneasy minds of the silly people; vrh'o allowed themselves to be frighted out of^.their propriety by a shadowy spectre conjured up out of nothing by a political mountebank. It is our intention in the present article to allude - to some of the evidence, ; which many people imagine suffices to establish as a fact that there is an/ active body of Irish Republicans at work amongst us ; .and to show how very easily that evidence is dissipated and brought to nothing. For our part we think that a common-sense examination of the .probabilities of the case, by any person who. really knows anything about the Fenians, their object, and their measures, ought be quite enough to convince him of the' folly of supposing that the revolution ary .brotherhood have established them selves hei-e in any organized form.' With alb' their recklessness and criminality the Fenians have never taken any step with out fin object, without having in view some profit or advantage to their body. What could they expect to gain by making Australia a seat of operations? There is no discontented party here, not eA'en the small estifaction desires to change the established urcfor of things, so they could have no sup port to expect from the people. Probably there are many, Irishmen and others, who would wish to see Ireland separated from England, and erected into an independent nation j but certainly wo cannot under stand any sane individual cherishing the Mame wish with respect to Nut South Wales. At all events, if there be such in dividuals, moat ewtaiudy they are not Irishmen, nor yet CutUo-lies, Both can form ft pretty wmmto idea of Uio kiiul of Government chat would be set up here, if ' the painter1 were cut,' and they. have no desire to be subjected to it. Their rights i and their liberties are better secured as '? things are than they would be under other circumstances. For these and other rea: sons, the Irish are undoubtedly the most loyal people in all the Australias. . They would be the very foremost in resistance, if the Fenians from America were to make an assault upon their adopted country ; they would defend their homes gallantly, when our self-styled loyalists would fly for shelter, or seek a dishonorable peace. We have been told by a detective, not of the most immaculate character, that there were Fenian drillings going on ? in the su burbs of Sydney. In thenaraae of good ness, for what 1 Will any man venture to say that the Fenians entertained the de sign of raising an army here and establish ing an Australian Republic? They might as well dream of invading the moon and establishing a republic there. Irishmen are not idiots, they would be the last people in the world to embrace such a wild enter prise and to risk their lives for . such an impossibility. The distinguished functionary who discovered about the secret drillings, therefore, must be compli- , mented more upon the liveliness of his im agination than upon either his intelligence lor discretion. i But, one may properly say, they . are ipreparing to attack Canada, and why not ithis country? For the simple reason that Sthey believe themselves able to conquer and hold Canada at least whilst fitting out a 'strong expedition for a descent upon the jlrisli'coast. They are in the United States by/ the scores of thousands, many of them: being drilled and veteran soldiers, they have only to cross an imaginary boundary line and they are in the country they, wish to. attack, and thence six days steaming ;will carry them into Ireland. That design is sufficiently desperate and extravagant, in all conscience, yet it is the easiest thing in the world compared with crossing the Pacific to Australia. Their object in get ting to Ireland is notorious, we do not know what they could gain by coming to this place except a very decided repulse. Taking all things into consideration, then, we think it will be generally admitted that the probability of the Fenians meditating an .invasion ot New South Wales is ex tremely small, and smaller still the proba bility that pei'sons already in the country design rising in arms against a constitution which has their love and allegiance. So nothing can be more absurd, nothing more foolish, than any apprehension of ' Fenian designs' in these southern latitudes. The only possible way -that persons disposed to aid the designs of the .Fenians against English rule in Ireland could do so is by sending them arms or money. But there are plenty of muskets to be pxirchased in ; America at a small price, and, besides, any export of ai|ns from this city nnist take place under the supervision of the authori ties. As a final clincher, there are no arms in Sydney to be exported anywhere. All the Government have to guard against is the sending of money to the Fenians, if any people here be so extremely silly as to send their hard- earned shillings to the Irish Republican atithorities in the Yankee land. The only way to prevent this, so far as we can see, would be to empower Mr. Henrv Parkes to onen all susuected letters and permit him to pocket the contents, i We believe the business would be well ! done then, and all loyalists could rest per- \ fectly assured that the Fenians, in Ireland or in America, never covild get aid, comfort or countenance from sympathisers in New South Wales. If the consequence were not so disastrous to the peace and comfort of our people, we could laugh heartily at the alleged existence of Fenian organiza tions in this countiy, seeing that such as sociations would be in a most pitiable position having no occupation and being planted on most uncongenial soil. To sum up — there never was, and could not be any Fenian organization here, inas much as it was utterly impossible that they either directly or indirectly could assist the revolutionary society in otner parts of the world. Only ignorance and credulity of the grossest nature, or else the basest hypocrisy, could for a moment ex press belief iu the existence of organized Fenianisrn in this country. Now we shall discuss the probability of the existence ot a temporary organization, or a conspiracy to effect the assassination -dt H.R.H, the Duke of Edinburgh, and this will lead ua into an examination of portions of the evidence given before the] Select Committee. In the first place we! cannot admit that any number of our countrymen, however disaffected and re bellious, would be guilty of the fearful' crime of ])lotting to take away the life of a i young gentleman who never did them any harm, and who is in no way whatever re sponsible for their sufferings real or irnagin ary. We are so firmly convinced of this that it would require very strong evidence indeed to induce us to give credence to the contrary. But as we are arguing in the presence of men who are willing to believe Irishmen disaffected to the British Govern ment capable of committing any atrocity, we shall lay no stress on our dependance on the virtue of our countrymen, and only appeal to common , sense, and- to the ra tional ideas of possibilities that intelligent men usually possess. ?. In' the first place, even if the Fenians were wicked enough to contemplate the murder; of the Duke of Edinburgh, why should they not get the deed perpetrated ; at home ? The oppor tunities for1 committing it would be fur more numerous in L6ndonvthe chances of success much, greater, and the prospect of detection much more 'faint. ? We are to believe that; the Fenians deshed to murder the Duke of Edinburgh, let 'Mm go' scatheless while at home, and sent'- commissioned assassins sixteen thousand niiles ' to effect, the1';' murderous purpose I The- idea ; is .nion-1 stoous.,. Yet the, story, is .put in.a much more monstrous way in the Evidence elicited; by the Special Committee. We are 'in- formed that the Fenian^ sent out ten men' to do the deed. Now let us^a'ke a; nibne-. ,tary view ; of tlie'; base. '?_.. The , cost of sencling ; ten men, here and maintaining them., for.: months could; not be less- -than a thousand^ pounds/ The' Feniaiis are'1 constantly in America; 'cry ing '.but for; money ; : and ye;t they are rich enough to,: spare that large sum to. procure the death of one who never injured them! If it were 'put to any re volutionist,' French, Italian- or German, whether his society would prefer the murder of one, who could be no earthly obstacle in their way, to the possession of. fi.v'e hundred' stand of arms, we make no doubt .that he would say their choice would rest upon the muskets, * . Then again, why above all oth ers should the Duke of ' Edinb'ugh be doomed to a violent end. He must be aa ignorant Fenian indeed who does not know that the. Royal family are in no way responsible for the condition of Ireland, and that it would be the height of injustice to make them so, and Prince Alfred is pro'ably the one amongst them who cares least Ao exercise political influence. The suggestors of evil may say that his death would distui'b the security of the English throne, and thus make the revolutionary schemes more easy of accomplishment. It could not have any such effect, the Prince of Wales is alive and promises to remain so for many a year to come, and the heir appa rent has a family, any one of whom has a j nearer prospect of the English Crown than Prince Alfred. So we look , in vain for I any appreciable reason why the Fenians should plot the assassination of our late Royal guest. If Irish revolutionists act under the impulses which prompt their brethren in most other couniries, and only strike at those who stand in their way, neither Prince Alfred nor any of his family would ever run the least danger from them. We have shown that the Fenians could gain nothing by murder ing Prince Alfred ; that it is not ci'edible for many reasons that they had any con nection with the attempt : made by O'Farrell; that there are no reasonable intrinsic grounds for supposing their orga nization to exist here ; and from all these things we conclude that there never was a more insane or idiotic commotion than the late panic in New South Wales. It may be said to us, that what we have laid down are only matters of opinion and of pro bability, and that the evidence contains matters of fact which prove the existence of Fenianism in these colonies. Our effort now must be to show that there is no trustworthy evidence to prove the assertion, and in the absence of such, we must only have recourse to the theory of probability. Such is the manner in which men pass judg ment on the most serious matters in life, first they seek honest evidence bearing upon the point at issue, and failing that, they turn to the line of probabilities, ac cording to which most mundane occur rences, fall out Wo maintain that the evi dence adduced befoie th« H r— imiiihiu , irfegch is regarded by bigots and unreflecting people as proving the existence of Fenian ism amongst us, is partly the offspring of wilful misstatement, partly the product of mistake, partly the creation of embittered prejudice, and partly the emanation of childish imaginings. . . ' i There is just one part which is beyoiid dispute — O'Farrell wounded the Duke of Edinburgh. The moment we leave this incident we come into an area -of doubt and confusion. About the simple matter, who arrested the culprit, we cannot get cerr fcainty. There were half-a-dozen jjolicemen near the spot, and each one of them claims to have been the man who first laid hands, on O'Farrell ; that is only to be expected, policemen who have an unhealthy appetite for promotion are generally not over parr ticular. as. to the. truth when bent' on 'getting upa case;'.' They all gave differ ent versions of . the expression which .es^ caped the criminal just as; he was captured^ and all were; undoubtedly framed to meet thedndividual'sidea of what ought to have been said, tinder the circumstances. Ac cordingly it iSjho/.surprise to find 'I'm a b , y,. Fenian' and i the 'highly- treason- able sentiment !' God save Ireland' attri-; buted to 'the ?vretchedy5mian. ,: [ One ^ police^ man, indeed^1, with^probabty a livelier,: ear and- a. duller, imagination than his comrades* declared O'Farrell cried ' out ' Oh, God,' what have' I- done.' , His version was not. of the kind 'to '.be', expected, from a Fenian= ^assassin;, «p,-,he; was. ignominiously shelved ;? jhe was.not produced1 on the trial; got no; ?credit -for -seizing* the would-be mVivdereiv . land wtis most. unmistakeably snubbed by his. isuperiprsl ....Yet Aye; believe we are literally leprrect in. stating that this -policeman, Ir | vine, was the1 first ^ to grasp O'Farrell, and ;that :' his i version ^ what O'Farrell said at, that moment can bei:. corroborated by two btn er persons worthy of credit. ; - Now we shall go to O'Farrell's lodgings andsee Avliat'liap])ened there. Colonial Detective Parkes and. others of Ies3er note proceed to the Oriental Hotel and examine the assassin's -effects.' They find there a certain 'document! '.'We should like very much to,, knmv who ^as the clever man. who first;.! called this wonderful document 'a- diary'! Froia what we know of. 'diaries' they are continuous records ofv. the incidents of daily life, random jottings - of the thoughts and ideas that flit through a man's mind from sunset to sunset. This , precious diary of O'Farrell was a discon- , nected and incoherent fragment, there was - no date, there was no appearance of conti nuity; the book from which the leaves^ containing the ' portions of a diary' were'.,, taken did not appear as if it had- been c used for the record of daily memoranda. - Surely it was more than kind of O'Farrell ;[ to write just so much of ' a diaiy' as would ? suit Mr. Parkes and enable him to conjure ;. up the Kiama ghost. There was no more, l no less. How very fortunate for the then' : Colonial Secretary. Most people would ? be inclined to think that if O'Farrell kept a diary containing a genuine record of his : deeds and resolves there would be some-.' ' thing more of it found than a few undated , and unconnected leaves, however we are ,- called upon to believe the contrary in this case. And another curious thing must be mentioned with respect to this most useful diary, it was not found, as would be ex pected, in a book carefully preserved, no, the precious leaves were -found in a wnist: ', coat pocket neatly folded and ready for de- '. livery to — A3 r. Henry Parkes. We con-, fess ourselves wicked enough to entertain '? - doubts as to its authorship were it not for ? the strong evidence connecting it with.-. O'Farrell. Before any impartial- man in the world we would lay this question, ?''-'?? whether under the circumstances this rhap- / ' sodical fragment was part of a real diary/.; continued from day to day as all diaries '?! are, or a cunningly devised trap, designedly ? laid, written specially, and put in the- :'' waistcoat pocket purposely to fall into the,, ! hands of the police. Why was it not pro ..-, duced at O'FarrellV trial? If genuine it ? contained much« to incriminate the prisoner j if he were morally responsible. Why was, ^; it kept back so long? Here are, two very (. ugly occurrences connected with the un- w fortunate man's doom, — 1lio non- produo-, ; tion of Constable Irvine, ths suppression ,: of this alleged diary — let those who are- ...i concerned expflaih them if they can. A great dead has been said of the con versations Mr. Parked had in Darlinghurst' - witk O'Farrell when r^rter^ Cjooke wa« ; so craftily hidden behind the door. The «M«»i»«£Jfor X£m*6 flam gwafc depeodoaoa *bn the revelations he received; during these * interesting tete-a-tete.' They have been; practically tested and proved trustworthy. .Well we shall relate one very important revelation made by the criminal, which we know upon good evidence has not the least 'foundation in fact. Our readers will re member that it was asserted O'Farrell hired a room in an Hotel near the Circular ^uayiwith the 'intention of firing at the 'Duke from one of the windows on the oc casion of his public landing. In the course ? of his conversations with Mr. Parkes O'Farrell , stated that he did hire this room, and he gave a very circumstantial account of his endeavour and failure to get a shot at the Prince. The prisoner said he had the Prince covered once, but a police officer , rose accidentally and hid his body, then he thought that he might let the people enjoy their holiday as he could bring down his victim any day. This was truly an awful revelation, it showed the diabolical deliberation with which the murder was planned. But what is the truth 1 O'Farrell never entered the house in question during the time the procession lasted. In company with one or two other persons, whose loyalty even Mr. Parkes will not question, inasmuch as they are neither Irish nor Catholic, he witnessed the procession in George street from a posi tion near Hunter street ! This can be es tablished in a court if necessary. This proves that the criminal was either wilfully misleading Mr. Parkes, or else giving vent to the vagaries of a disordered brain. While speaking on this matter O'Farrell averred that a little girl belonging to the Hotel saw him bringing the gun out of the house. The question arises, why was not this little girl produced in court, there could be no difficulty in producing her if O'Farrell's tale had any truth in it. The girl could Scarcely have forgotten the circumstance I to which subsequent occurrences must] have given a dreadful significance. One really cannot avoid coming to tile, .conclusion that the prisoner's! sstlgry was a myth, and the astute Parkes was, to use his own elegant phrase, bam-' boOzled. Looking at all these matters we are forcibly struck by the corroboration tfie'y/give to Father Dwyer's assertion that O('Farreli was only amusing himself at the .expense of the member for Kiama, when ; 'he entertained him with these charming; stories about the terrible band of ten, the traitorous number nine, and his awful fate. An exactly similar 'Cock and a Bull' story was to the effect that O'Farrell in company with an accomplice rented a house at the Glebe, of course for the pur pose of shooting the Duke when he went to lay the foundation stone of some edifice in that locality. This was supposed' to' 'be verified beyond all dispute. The owner of tKe house went to Darlinghurst and i*ecog nized O'Farrell as the man who had taken the house, paid a week's rent and yet never used the premises. According to the Chief Gaoler O'Farrell looked veiy con fused at being charged with owing this landlord ten shillings and seemed anxious to make it appear that he knew nothing about him. Could anything point more strongly to-, guilt. Yet in a little time the truth tomes out. Notwithstanding the identifi cation O'Farrell was not the man. A gen tleman residingashortdistance from Sydney I Toluntarily comes forward and states that I it was he who hired the house, and finding [ that he could not use it forfeited the de posit of ten shillings, half a weeks rent. So-,yanished that little story. Indeed such significance did our great men attach to every act of the criminal that if he bought t a p*enny bun they could not conceive it was , for^any other purpose than flinging M at th© -Duke's head. ' I . it is now time for ua to turn away our j attention from O'Farrell, and direct it to I that'1 portion of the Special Committee's I evidence which is supposed to prove beyond I k question the existence of a Fenian organiza I tion and conspiracy in New South Wales. I We- might really coutent ourselves with I «ajing that there were anonymous letters 1 fcy ijlie score, and reports by the hundred, I but no clear intelligible fact to show that a i treasonable conspiracy was seated in our 1 city. We fear that the proper, ' considera I tion of this point will compell us to go I ever beaten ground, to reiterate' . mtate i merits, and conclusions to be found in I previous Issues, yet we trust our readers 1 will pardon ub as we hope to finish our un I pleasant task in the present number. I Jjong before the Prince carac, it was ru moured that the Orangemen intended to make a party1, display in the procession ap pointed to take place on the occasion of the Duke's public landing. Every man who wished well to the colony was anxious that this offensive parade should not take place, especially as it was hardly to be expected that Irishmen would look calmly on the introduction into a peaceful colony of practices which had produced so much bloodshed and misery in the old country. It was dreaded that a riot would take place, that firearms would be used, and the lives of unoffending people be jeopardized. As an inevitable conse quence of a riot from any cause, or by any party, on that occasion, the Prince must have been exposed to some danger — allying shot would have as little respect for him as for the meanest citizen. The Govern ment were warned of this ; the police were warned of it by private letters-rr-a work of thorough supererogation, since the public press contained articles on the .subject. The very first article written in the Free man's Journal, for the year. 1868, was on that question. The police took the matter up — the heads of the Orange Societies were communicated with, and promised that no party emblemswould.be carried by their adherents, and thus the danger to to the Prince, and to every peaceable citi zen, passed away. Nevertheless,' as' un pleasant rumours had been abroad^ as th© public mind was excited on the matter^ and as any untoward act or expresssori '.?- on' the part of a single individual might; undo all promises and evoke' .the riot, the police, according to Captain M'Lerie,^ took some precautions against acccident'by-1 riding in a line with his. Royal Highness.1 This simple occurrence Mr. Parkes puts forward as a proof that Government knew., the Prince was condemned to death by. the^ Fenians ! Mr. Parkes's coinpr hensionl may be so limited as not to perceive :thet. distinction, but we are rather -of. ?opinion-, that most intellgent men in the colony: will, perceive it readily enough. ;.-. -i-.oj We do not think it necessary to waste' much time in discussing O'Farrell's trials It must suffice to say that the unfortunate man was foredoomed to the gallows from ; the very first. The trial was brought on with indecent haste, for the purpose as far as we can see of sending home to. her Majesty the ' agreeable' intelligence of O'Farr.eLl's, conviction ; the diary which seemed so iniri I portant to Mr. Parkes was surpressed,; 'i Constable Irvine who would depose that. O'Farrell's exclamation was 'Oh, God, what have I done' was not produced ; and the inevitable consequence was that the criminal was convicted. And here we ifeel bound to record for public reprobation' the legal doctrine put forward by the Crown-Solicitor, Mr. John Williams, that the government are not bound to produce in court any evidence they may possess in favour of a prisoner ; thereby declaring that the object of every government should be the conviction of the man in the dock andi , riot the dispensation of justice Rarefy indeed have we read anything more repul sive than. this. Let us suppose a case in' which the Crown has sufficient evidence to convict a person of a capital crime, and yet has a witness or a document vwhic'li would conclusively establish his innocence^ according to Mr. Williarus's theory they ( might lawfully let the man be( .'niuydfer^d^ by the hangman. Mr. Williams, is .a'; -legal.; luminary, perluips his theory may , be oo^if rect according to statute enactments,, but; we venture to say that no conscientious man can hear it broached without sliud-' )llering. O'Farrell's sister petitioned tlie, Royal Duke to save the unhappy man's'' life and, from all that the colonists .hadi heard of the Prince's kindly andhumfme i disposition, they fully expected that he would listen to the afflicted woman!« prayer, and intercede for her brother. It. is beyond dispute that there was considerable surprise and disappoint ment, when time passed away, O 'Fan-ell was hanged, and there were no signs of any merciful intercession on the part of his Royal Highness. A report indeed was current for a brief tune that the Prince had interfered, but it received no corroboration from those in authority, and it fell to the ground. And yet now we learn that the Prince did interfere, that he did ask that the wretched mono maniac's life should be spared, and even re quested that his letter should be jnib lishcd. The then Government paid lio hesd, they suppressed this most important letter,' and they showed their deterinina-: tion to carry out justice by hanging a mad man. Certainly his Royal Highness has good reason to complain of the treatment he received at the hands of Messrs. Mar tin and Parkes. They left his name open to censure and obloquy, by suppressing that which would have won for him the praise and admiratibn.of lovers of mercy all over the' world. ''''! '''' ''r'!\ . If we wei'e to,enterfinto ananalysis of uhe misnamed ' eyidenpe'| which, was, adduced before the rCotnmitte. to 'prove the, existence of a Fenian Organizatipn here,. bur remarks would extend, tlirbughout ^^ tlie .remainder of our pages. Accprdingiy we. .shall not at tempt to do' so, but shall ^mciude^by a few remarks upon the *.natur,eY of ., the, , prpofs. We happily, need say potliing pf rithe '.as- sault' committed ,on that active ancldntjslli-: gent police- officer^ ' Brojpmfield , - .by . }inf uria; ted Fenians, because Mr. Macleay^has already - exposed 'that 'matter j f thoroughly. ' The police, we learn, |Were ^0.^64.,^^, ,'fbur. 'Fenian', agents''' amve|';,mr' tins: : colony, in' one of the Panama mail, bpats., jWe have iVot. heard ^the^name.'.of, the I6yalistt3wh6;lffave Wie' information ;, but we (should like exceedhiijly to know how he ifbiind out' they' were' 're',voUitionaiy'..eiriis- jsariesV1 Surely they'did' iidt, bear'a;'placa.rd. ioii their;pefs\Shs;to''tlia| effect,* nor did they jla'l)el: 'their;- trunks 'witli' tlie. announcement. j And itliis- gentleman ; who' 'di^coyerfd their ?lnission'^must^'hafl ' Some' proof to^ go , by. iWhy-was^n'ot' tli;e ' informant 'and his proof ? broil ght'1 before' '.the'1) Committee 1 It is' quite '; out .; ;6f f'50thef' q.uestion ?bo suppose' that sucli^meri coul'd come; here, for- any treasonable p'urp'os'ej''1 stop here any ti'nie and tlieii disappear witliout 1 Saving a trace like a: moriiirig niist^ Qf 'equal' trust-. -vbrthiriess- are all 6 tJiet*1 reports of Fenian m'e'etingsj'driliihgs and sp'eeclies., .;' Scarcely, any of' tHe- 'infdnnatiQn' wliicii. the' police got' came' directly,5 it was in vai'iably, second tliird or lourth' hand, and oii every single oc casion on which It wassubjectedt;) any test' itrcoirjipsed and caine'tb n'b' thing.. .' Loyalists according ^tb'themseTves'' listened 'to ' trea- s'onabie;;'talk;' lieWd'';tre:asbn.Vtbl^ev ' projects : discusse'd,0 andi yefc; 'they lield' tHeir' tongues until'the tDulie ?wjis;s'h'6tiii ? ;- ; 'No depjerideiilce' ; whatever ?rcari';'bd ^placed1 V6n Jth!e ?'eviderice giyen^ -by the'; - detectives' ; hvhb'^ testified ! - to1 thei existence'iof Feniariismf :ii Mr. 'Erbofn- jfjeld's' truthfulness' need '; hot be'' caaracter- iized :after;the^' assault??: story '?; a' Jfewi days ago our; correspondent at -' Singletoh ! ' effec tua'l ly dis jiosed of De tective :Liybh ''s ?inyster -' jipus tale about the large order for Feriiiih ? emblems'' -; received' : by the' firm in Pitt \- street. With respect to 'tlie aiibiiyhiouH letters very little remains to, be said.. ^j They all betray an jinmist.ake.abfyi ; Q range, pa ternity., ' Let ! bur; ' readers; ..re.ferJ;.to.,. .-that, signed 'a memb.er of the ; St. ,; Joseph , and St. ' ,Mary Society' for an , ,exam pie. r', I,t is , a' clumsy 'cbncobtiQn/foi'.itiis^ apparent that, rio' member'^ Catljpl;c ^p.uild would' .spVstyle 'his ^association.; .-.In. conclu-,, i'sibii' then., every ascertained fact, and every, ' suggestion' of jjrobability.go,.^, 'prp.r.e .that, O'Farrell , stood complete iy alone in. his : criminality,, and that there. never, was^any Fenian 01 g!miza£ion^/ll1n.' these colonies.., ,1^ 'Avpuld be ''Ubsurd '^tp^'.'.pKj.ce^^n^.^elianqe, upon the hWmin'dconflicLiiig. reports which . were' .set 'afloat ' .by ' tlie loyalists ,withp,ut|' n'causeJ!or ' foundation^. s; we th '/istedi in 'their' own inorVr -i' fears.; ; 'Tlie ..sad- , t,des't ?Veflectibri ' to ' which' a. .considcratiun of the'^'ytrarige 'eye'nts'' V-fV 'tlie,' ' past:' twelve,; (mbn^l'is 'give' rise,'^ 'the Hyep' lh* olcl l wliich^' iireligioaW'iiml' natibiial:'p'vej iiclicesliuve u|pn ' ' thie 'miiids 'bf si ''litrge1 sectibii .of ' oiir }jopiila-u ;?? tipnV ' [ 'Scyirb'ely ; ! ' j ess1 ' ;d ish dar'tbmn'g v ir{ 'tlVe'. , coh'tempriitibn ' of J 'tlie' kiiipiin t' 'of jn al icious ' x.dn yeiiti on 'and ? l cred'u 1 ity ; Hvliicl \ Inis ~f been ' 'manifested. It would Jje'weirif we cbiiid! ?hope'tliat; this }iless6n would J not' be lost.' upoii'the detractors of the; Irish' ptfbple ; but-we ???are afraid /that 'it will' bre— ^utterly.' Hundreds of people, not the lowest/ i'n ' tlie social scale, will1 still believe '^riV Irish- men who are disaffected t^wards'tlie'^Bri'' tish Government are men : deiititute \\)f^'ali' moral jnfineipie1, ready to plot the cruellest' assassination simply to ?gratify murderbuH1 propensities; and yet, notwithstari'ding1 these infamous 'suspicions,. they will address Irishmen as t'el low-citizens and brcithers when their voU?8 iii-e waoitiitL We.-wcmli} ad vise our readei-s, if they have auy -v-- spect for thoir own honoui, to kw^j wtll in mind the names of those gnuUe.meii who voted against Mi. Macleay's resolutions, that they iiiay infliet puai*btneat 00 them ut the hustings . 