< BALLARAT. September 22, 1869. [FBOM ODE OTO COEBESPONDENT.] Cinder the frightful calamity which has so suddenly and so unexpectedly befallen the colony — the ignominious expulsion of tbe M'Culloch Ministiy—we are bearing np as well as could possibly expected. Of course our indiguation is soothed by the pleasinc reflection that the banishment of the best Ministry the colony has ever seen "from the sweets and profits of office " is only temporary, and that we shall have them back to their old familiar places in about a month's time, stronger than ever! Every " man jack " of them (the new lot) must and shall be opposed, and shonld a solitary Minister return to the House to tell the dismal tale of defeat and disaster, it will be the very utmost limit of tbeir success, and far more than they deserve. We (the citizens of Ballarat) have no share in this very new Ministry, and, you may be sure, are thankful iu consequence, but if all I hear be true we have no inteDtion of tanking tamely on during the coming contest. In fact, sir, it is<our iutention to tackle tbe new Chief Secretary (or any oder man), and the chances are enormously In favor of our doing his business. All doubt on this score will be at once removed when I aunounce the il'ustrinus gentleman we, or rather tbe electors of Crowlands, are to put forward. Headers of tbe Constitutional stamp hold your breaths—the coming man is the Hon W. M. JL Vale! Alas ! por.r Byrne, he will not have the ghost of a chance, and biB merited punishment will be swift.and sure. ' Mr Qraham Berry was to be turned nut whether he became a Minister or not, so its jast as well he should taste the sweets of office and draw a few weeks' screw if he had a mind to, fur it will be the only consolation he will get. Maryborough will be delighted with the opportunity to reckon up with Mr M'Kean, and relieve him of tbe misplaced trust so long reposed in him. The renowned John Thomas Smith's career as a legislator is also over, and he will never be heard of beyond the City Couucil again. Hut what need is there for particularising ? Let me repeat tbe new Ministry is doomed, and Parliament will be rid of tbe rascally renegades. The foregoing is the line of argument—no, not argument, but the kind of " tall talk"—indulged iu by a section of the people here, with whom it is my lot to mix. But seriously this crisis has caused but little sensation on Ballarat, and it affords me great pleasure to state that at least three out of every five persons with whom I converse are willing aud indeed anxious that tbe new Ministry should have a fair trial. Tbe allotment of departments is more objected to than tbe men, aud, as the leading goldfields, we.claim a right to criticise freely the new Minister of Mines, and I may say the appointment has given general surprise: Tben, M'Pherson as Chief Secretary, and Byme as Treasurer; this arrangement is tboueht by many to be injudicious. Still the cry is let the men have a fair trial, give them an opportunity to prove their capacity, and condemn them if they are found wanting. That the new Ministers will have up-hill at the start there can be little doubt, the generous support they have accorded Mr M'Culloch will be requited now ; nearly, if not the whole of them, will be opposed, and they will have to contend against the influence which many years of rlace aud pover have won for their opponents I believe there is truth in the statement that Ballarat will supply at least two of tbe opposing candidates—Mr Vale and Mr M'Dowall, tbe Mayor of Ballarat West I suppose the "little shop," which was to be such a haven of rest from the turmoil of public life for Mr Vale, is found not s"o profitable in these dull times as a Ministerial portfolio, and so the proprietor emerges from a brief obscurity the very first opportunity. I wonder what will will .be Mr Vale's plea for coming forward in opposition to some old and tried representative! He evidently disapproved of Ministers being without seats iu the House, for he resigned "on~"ltose -grounds, and yet he seemB willing to come forward and support Mr M'Culloch in the action which resulted in his downfall. Should an inquisitive elector ask Mr Vale what he has done for the country during his long term of office, what answer can he give? Seeing that Mr Vale muBt have been new to office at one time himself, why doss he put himself so much about to prevent this new Government having a trial before condemning them. Must we proclaim to the world that in this youug, .vigorous, and intelligent community there is but one set of men capable of carrying on the Government! It will be for the electors of the various constituencies represented by the new Ministers togive an answer to this question. Should M'Culloch be preferred to M'Pherson there need be no more attempts at change of Government, and M'Culloch, G. P." Smith, &e;, may be looked Upon henceforth as "life members," and dissolutions and elections will be reduced to a farce. Tour readers are doubtless familiar with the momentouB decision given in re forfeiture of shares in mining companies. It was anticipated by mining investors here, and some weeks before the final decision was given a deputation waited ou the Minister of Justice, and urged upon him the necessity of at once introducing a bill having a retrospective effect to legalise forfeitures. The Minister coincided with the deputation, recognised the necessity, and promised to comply with their wishes forthwith. But the traditional policy was faithfully adhered to—the bill so nrgently needed was kept back, probably to stave off the impending crisis, and notwithstanding the efforts of »ahy well meaning members, the forfeiture of shares for nonpayment of calls is still illegal." I Have no hesitation in saying that there is more interest felt regarding this question here than about the' fate of the late Government. I may add that. Mr-O'SbanaaBy didn't raise himself .in the estimation of the mining community by obstructing the passing of the " Mining Forfeiture Bill" in the Upper House last night Decidedly the best cartoon I have yet seen rodnced by Ballarat Punch appeared on Saturdav last, and attracted favorable criticism. The subject is "Bogus" (Mr Wm. Clarke), and the likeness is really admirable. As some of your readers might like to see the picture of this famous and formidable Orangeman, I forward you a copy of Punch along -with this, and would suggest that it be presented to your principle bookseller, who might allow the picture to grace (?) his window'for,a few days for the delectation of the curious. Those highly useful'and-popular expedients, known as bazaars,' have been turned to a new purpose on Ballarat. ' It' appears that the exchequer of the " Loyal liberals " here was in a very depressed condition, l -»nlii to replenish it a grand bazaar was resolved upon, under the style and title of theMichaelmas Gift" The idea appears to have taken remarkably well,— resent! of every description - and in vast num- poured in on the committee, and yesterday Sers the kfiair was opened to the public in the Alfred Hall, and will be continued until the goods are disposed of.. The Hon George. Kolfe performed the opening ceremony, embracing the opportunity to expatiatiate on the advantages the colony had'reaped from Loyal Liberalism and the M'Culloch Government. ' Notwithstanding the lightness-of the money market, a creat deal of cadi was taken last night, iand the proceedings, which partook of a gambling character, gave general satisfaction. Being an unlucky sort of whelp; I only won a couple of jackets of pins ; but IhadthesatisfsctionofeeeingprizeBtothe value of several pounds .won and carried oflj by risking the smalt sum of one shilling. While Presbyterianism appears to be -on the wane kt'Maldon,- itiscertaiulyiu the asoendaut here.. 'Ihe BevMr IhgliB appears to be infnsing new life into tha adherents of the churchj^and Jie increases Iu fpopularity the more he becomes known. At a meeting of his congregation held some weeks ago, it was decided to proceed with the building of a church and manse at once— both to be on quite a grand scale. The chosen ate for the church is Peel street, it being in the mostdensely populated portion of Ballarat East. The manse is to be in Victoria street, and will occupy as fine a site as could possibly bB found on Ballarat. At tbe meeting I have referred to there was over £800 subscribed in the room,— not a bad start considering the doll times. Notes from the Lyre (Age) just now would make an amusing contribution to literature. Two or three columns of as choice abuse as was ever penned have been manufactured daily ever since Byrne's fatal motion was carried. Nor is there any symptom of a cessation. The anfortunate gentlemen who have had tbe audacity to depose Mr M'Culloch were paragons of perfection while they obeyed the beck and call of tbeir chief, but now,- when they have chosen another Mac to lead them, they are discovered to be ruffians of the blackest dye. Heally, with such an extravagant expenditure of ammunition before the enemy is in the field, there is surely some risk that the supply will fall short ere the battle be over ; or does it rather indicate the limitless and inexhauBtable supply on hand) Business in the share market has been very quiet for a long time, and I see little chance of improvement jast yet Monday's Star displayed a'lout three quarters of a column of mining call advertisements, andmilyfifouotiiying dividends. It was a gloomy and suggestive sight to muse over. 