Clarence aub gicjnnonù Cvaminci', TUESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 18G9. WJIETIIEB tho Clnrenco and Richmond district haB gained much by the alteration in the Elect- oral Law is u question not easily answered, the potition, from (ho electors of the district asked for five members, and one additionul has been granted-making two in all. At the present time, perhaps, tile only course is to put up with it, but it is onlyvshuflling the question off to some future time\ Had one been granted for the Lower C larence^ne for the Upper Clarence, and one for the l(ichmona\and Tweed, it might have satisfied the-elcôforà .for a time, but con- sidering the size and population of this district, as compurcd with some fat the moro central ones, the paucity of representftnyes mustj,, strike any unprejudiced person ns unfair. It is absolutely impossible that one person can represent the wants and desires of a population, spread over suth an immense tract of country, and following i such a diversity of pureuits, to their satisfacÜDn, ' oven though ho may ho PiiEMiP.n. At presont every thing has to be done, rouds wnnt making, btidges building, and the rivers improving for the purposes ofknavigation, and two members are appointed t\urgc the claims of the district on the Gove$im\nt. 'Jähere is scarcely a dis trict in the colony Vi wlfch so much is required and so little done-\hc raWs and livers aro still for the most part in \eir primitive state, and the formel-with the excobtion of the Newton Boyd Hoad-aro for a greaVpurt of the year, almost impassable. 1 he want pligood roads is severely felt in the district, thousands of acres of land, udmirably adapted for cultivation, are lying idle, simply because of the difficulty of conveying the produce to market, and could this difficulty be overcome, the already largo number of weekly selections, would be ii «eased ; the impossibility of convening the crops to the banks of the risers being an efl'ectual bar to the selection of any back country. The rapidity with which tho resources of tbeVlistriel have been so far deve- loped, is duo to thovenoroy and enterprise of tho people alone,-mid. Vit «tyany assistance they have "received, fioinvthe Government. They have in the last few J W8 literally forced them- selves into notice, and Kow when the establish- ment of such an important branch of industry, as the cultivaton of the sugar cane, is faitly accomplished, and the population so rapidly in- creasing, publicVoads, bridges, and ferries, nie absolutely necessary, and to obtain those, for a district contaiiing about 10,000 square miles, and 11,000 inhabitants, îh'o members aro to be returned to Parliament. Can they be expected to rcpicsent tb.o""w1ants\of'sueh a population, scntteiod over a distri« with such a diversity of climate ? Can they'Ac expected to know what is required ? And if they do know, can they hope to ghe satisfaction to constituencies having such a variety of pursuits and interests ? By such a tvWTe of dealing with the question, it is merely evaded, the ghost is only laid not exorcised, nnd\will assuredly rise ngain in a short time to disturb the'péace of the community. If eighty members aro not sufficient, ia it impossible to increase that number because, some years ago, when the population of the colony was confined to about two-thirds of the area over which it now spreads, that number was fixed on ? Tho following return, taken from the Empire, will show the necessity of equalising the representation on the basis of population, and if this continues to increase in this district at theVatc it has for the last few years, and as it assuredly will, now that it is known that the sugahmrmufueture is a success, oven this will bo onljXa^mporary adjustment of the difficulty. /.->, \ *-» A return, ordered by the Legislative Assembly to bo printed, shows the number of electors on\ho roll uf ench clectoralu la* Irict of Kow South Wales for 18MVQ to bo as follows : ÍKinald (1) Arpio (1 Halrnaale .. Hatlmrsl(l) Illa Jlognu (n Brall«ool<l) Cam len (2) Lanterbttr) (2) 1 ho Clarenco Carcoar (1) Central Cumberland Men O) llioCleuo(l) Goulburn (1) Tlio l w) llr (1) Gold floilsRouth(1) bold Hells Vi est (1) bold del Is North (1) Hartley (1) Ino Iiastlnirs (1) The Hawkesbury (J) lim Humc(l) Tho Hunter (1) Tho Lo«cr Hunter (1 1 ho Un cr lluutor (I Illawarra (1) Kiama (1) \\\ llio Lachlan O) Therpool 1 lalo:,.., 3.ast Micrniario (/) West 'Mancillarlo (1) Lost Maitland (1) «r^. West MnltlanJ (1J ^ Mañero (1) Morpeth (l) MuclKeo (1) Tho Murray (1) lhe Murrumbidgee (1) Narellan (J) The Nepean O) Ne»oa»tle(l) New Lnfilnml (1) Neutown(l) Northumberland (1) Orango (1) 1 addington (1) I arramatta (.} Tho I ateraon (1) 1 atrlcks 11 lins (1) tjueanhe\an (1) Blica.Ui »en (1) Ht Iioanarils (1) -\\\ v< Last 8yane> (4) WcstSjdnoj (4) Tentorllcul (l) Ihe l'unnit(l) Wellington (l) The Williams(1) \ 2*"0 1C0.I 10.17 2387" 2700 -413 4530 SOSO* 1282 2140 1C02 2 a 810 1544 2240 4000 8.)0 2100 2042" 15J2 170J" 1116 715 241)0 1415 1201 38J7" \aul'Íáli»Vl) 1 licso electorates marked «lthastar(*)aro i>ro)ioscd In the bill uowtieforo Parliament to be separated Into two, each rotura* j Inga member 1 husu marked with a dnggor(t) aro each proposed tohavonn additional member. '1 lins lui ronslngtho number hy ' eight-making n total of eighty members tor tho whola colony. florno of tho facts disclosed by tho nhoio return show In a I very striking tnannor tho Inequality of the present state of the > representation For Instance, tho électorales of Windsor and I the Hawkesbury roturn together three members, while both con ¡ stltnencles united ha\a only 2171 electors In contrast «1th this, tho electorate of tho upper Hunter, which only roturns i ononicmber, bns240Oelectors, LI\erpoolPlolns(alsoonomcuibor) I 2.108 : Newtown (one), 2417. Tho (Hebe and several other oleo 1 torutea alTord almost equally striking contrasts Again, rater son, with only 583 elector«, returns a momhor ; »hilo the > adjolrjlng ekotorato of Patrick's PUln lins 1050 electors, and I but a single member ; and other electorates afford still moro . remarkable rosulta Arg)lo, with 2270 electors, lins only a .Ingle member-tho samo as Goulburn, with but 810 The following electorates, vis. Goulburn, Lower Hunter, Wost Macqunrio, Kost Maitland, Morpeth, the Murray, Narallen. Pater- son, and windsor, return nine members, with a total constituency of bul OR91, or nn average of 7U1 electors to caah representative. Parramatta Is still moro dliprojiortlonatohailngtwomombers for 127JüoiiBtituonU, wh!Io(tn say nolhlngof thcsoelectoratcswhlch , It Is now proposod to ultor) llraldwoou, with a singlo mombor, hu 27IMI electors, anil a similar state of thing! exist« In several «thor doctorates Tho most sulking contrasta In tho whole list, however, aro alfordod by Parramatta and the Hawkesbury, having collectively four members for 2805 constituents ; while host Hydnsy, with tlO,157 oluetor», ha« only tho same number of représentâmes, and the Uold field« West, with 4000 electors, lins but ono number ; so that a Parramatta or Hawkosb iry man lins just four times as niuoh political power a« an eector of East S) dney, and six times as much a« n Gold Hol Is Wost elector ^ I Tlie Clmonco is not mentioned in this nntilysis, it is included " In those oloatortttes I which it is now proposod to nllci," thereby I insinuating thal their claims aro disposed of, that they have their share in the representation of the country, and therefore ought to be satis- fied, a glance, however, at the return * shows that this is not the case; were the district equally divided, which it is not, there would be one representative to 1490 electors, showing thnt " The follow ing electorates, viz.. Goulburn, Lower Hunter, West Macquarie, East Mait- land, Morpeth, the Murray, Narellan, Paterson, and Windsor," have twice the political power that the Clarence and Richmond has, with its exlra member, and the same may be said of Parramatta, the Hawkesbury, and the Gold Fields North Mudgee, and the Bogan have both been granted an additional icpresentative although their population is considerable less than that of tho Clarence, whilo Camden and Central Cumberland have for a long time had two representatives for a smaller population than this district; these districts are, however, nearer the great^centre of the colony, and this may be considerouisufflcient reason for allowing them to exercise a much" greater control over tho Legislature thauMhe fur off districts of the Clarence and llichmofid. 