STATE AID QUESTION .11$; VIOTORtA; The important debate on Sfato Aid to Re ligion took piace in the Legislative Aeaembly, on W^atiesdayi 2Bt'h August, of wliibh the folldwitig js a report : — ? Mr M'dULtOCH rbse.and moved that the amount of £50,000 set apart by the Constitu tion .- Aot for. religious purposes be re duced by £3.0,000 every year on and after 1870: so that State- aid tb religion should be finally abolished in 1874. This question had been, raised oh various occasions at general elections; and a very general opinion expressed that the aid should be abolished at as early a date, as possible. In the year 1866 the question was very prominently brought forward, and the result was; the introduction of a bill into that House in. 1857 proposing to abolish State-aid almost immediately. Jt passed that House, but wasrejebted in another place. In 1869, again, after the people had had another opportunity of eipressibgan opinion on the subject, a bill was introduced by himself, and was carried almost unanimously: The Legislative Council also passed it by d very large majority, although unfortunately there was not an absolute ma jority, as required by the Constitution Act. A measure was introduced again in 1861, and carried. in that House by a large majority, but it was rejeobed in another place. Many looked upon State-aid as a neoessitv foe the main tenance of religion ; but he did not believe that religion was to be maintained or forwarded by anything the State could do in the way of affording a temporary assistance to it. (Mr Kerferd : Hear, hoar.) Ho desired to remove this false support, which ho believed did much to prevent the real dissemination of religion. State ohurohos were not characterised by the liberality 'of 'their people, or.a zeal on their part for the,- cUsseminatioh of, religion. They Were taught to rely iipbn the St&te; for support, and this dried iip the Bp'rings of charity. He had not the least apprehension of any injury tb the extension of religion by the withdrawal of the £50,000 a year granted by the State in this colony, and ho believed that if those who professed so strong a conviction of its necessity only had a Hfctlo more faith in the principles which they held j and broughtthbse principles to bear oh the people, they would find a far more abundant liberality towards tho ohuroh. The tithe had oomo whon the churches in this colony should be disendowed, and tho example -set by the British Parliament in that noble and liberal act;. carried through' both Houses, was worthv of till admiration; and ought, to be followed in this : colony; , It was Stated ? that we had no Establielimbnt herb; but at all events there was a very, close approaoh tb it. Every party was aided by. the State; and tho contending sects were deriving their suppbrt.butib'i each other's pookets. Thb Irish Church Establishment was a crying injustipe, but he would like to know whether a larg-j section of tho' people of this country were titit suffering j list such jln injus tice as that. cmiron .inflicted upon the people of Ireland. , On conscientious grounds a oonsidor able portion of this community was debarred from receiving- , State-aid, aritt;, this portion included the :. Independents; Baptists; and a large sebtiBn '«jf the'; Presbyterians. He asked wUy, ,they should,, be called upon to contribute to the miptJdrt of b'wib'r bodies which they believed to US in error?. -.Tho dooumont presented that evening froin the Bishop had cer tainly a little BUrprisecI Him; - The fiishop said the grant of £50,000 per annum wai absolutely necessary for'., the mainteiiaiibe . of religion ih'; this cbiihtry. But what did . he say hot .so ,yery long ago with rospbofc to this very siibjeot? In 1851 ihe Bishbt) said in public,, at an Bpisbbpiilian assembly, ,' The amount is ,nbt apportioned according to the means of the seats, but; according to their numbers. One of tho ohurohes thus supported teaches doctrines subversive of true religion.' He declared himself opposed to an established church, and said 'that by rocognising one they would d6 what would prove most injurious to tho progress of .true religion and piety. Then, came tho question— were they to rejoot State support, and depend entirely upon volun tary assistance ? And with a full sense of tho difficulty in his way, he would answer— Yes. (Laughter.) The voluntary .system had, hot failed in America— :why should It herb.?' Now, if the Bishop of Mettibjjrhe' tliought that the endowing- of ono seotion of tlio dh'.iroh was so injurious in 1851, . he (Mr M'Cullooh) would like to know what had ocourrod sinoo to lead to an alteration of his opinion. Had his views bocome moro olosoly assimilated to the doctrine of the church he thought so far wrong in 1851 ? What had changed bis mind on so vital a point? Tho same reverend bishop said in a letter which he addressed to the newspapers in 1852, when it was proposed to increase tho grant : — 'As to anv inorease of the amount of tho grant, I would most earnestly deprecate it as an approval of and tending to perpetuate a false and most pernicious principle, and as stereotyping as far as the State can do so, every existing religious error. The recent Petition of the Roman' Catholics must, think, make every Protestant legislator sensi ble that that ohuroh feels itself dependent upon State support for its continued existence ('Hear, hear' and laughter) in this colony, and that its priests are aware of tho impossi bility of retaining their dominion over the oon soiences of an intelligent and independent people, such as the people of Victoria are likely to booomo. Great, therefore, in my opinion is the guilt of assisting to prop u amongst us this system of satanio delusion. (Laughter.) This showed that the continuance of the payment had led the Bishop of Melbourne and other parties also to look upon it as a matter of far more importance even than the satanio delusion. (Laughter.) It was a dangerous' thing for tho State to continue granting sums of money either to one section or another. If the State was to give towards the support of any seotion it should give to all, Roman Catho lics and Jews as -well as others. (Hear, bear.) The House had recognised this some time ago, when it expressly declared the Jows entitled to a share in the grant. The only cure for the evil was to take away the grant root and branoh. (Hear, hear.) It ' would be seen that he did not intend to remove the aid suddenly, but he would give the sects time, if they really required it, to mako up the small amount of which they would bo deprived. It would no doubt be stated that many clergymen came to this country on the faith of receiving a portion of this sum, but he thought no weight should be attached to that, for the people had plainly intimated twelve years ago that the system must come to an end at no distant day, He found that the amounts annually received by the churches from the State for stipends were :— Churoh of England^ £10,692': Roman Catholics, £5330; Presbyterians, £3445; Wes leyans, £2149; Lutherans, £352; Unitarians; £75; Primitive Methodists, £198. .The Pres byterian ministers received about £40 a year oaoh; the Churoh . of England, £100 .'on ian average, with £800 for the Bishop ; the Roman Catholics, £75 to £100. He proposed;, . in a sepond resolution which would be submitted; that the lands . held, for church purposes should be handed over tb thb denominations, so they might sell them if they pleased, provided that they devoted the proceeds to church pur poses. Tho total quantity of this land was 1750 or 1800 acres, which might bo estimated on ah average at £40 an acre ih value. Some of the sites in Melbourne .whioh might be sold under this permission by , the House wore .very valuable. In conclusion, he formally moved the resolution. (Applause.) Mr J. T. SMITH expected to be scouted at- trodden on almost (laughter), for taking an iih DODular side, but he felt bound 'to oddoso the resolution. He considered that the hoh. the Chief Seoretary had been insulting towards the Bishop. ('Oh, oh,' atid laughter). Half the ohurohes in the land would never have bean built but for State-aid. Ho knew from whence a good deal of tho opposition to tho grant came.. It sprang from a desire to see the Church of England grovelling- in the dust. (Ob, oh.) Mr FELLOWS said tho Chief faecrotary had referred to three or four occasions on which a bill like that had been passod in that House, from whioh he understood the hon. member to infer that tho opinion of the country was in favor of the abolition of State- aid if it could be oarried elsewhere. If such were tho view in tended to bo thrown out, he could assure hon; members it was not the case, because since the times referred to — only about four years ago — the question was debated in that House, and the bill was re jeoted by a majority voting against it on the second reading. The reasons which had been assigned for abolishing the grant-in-aid ap peared to him altogether insufficient, and the only .statement ho could collect out of the speech of the Chief Seoretary was that one scot of people had to pay out of their pockets for another sect. Ho denied that it was the fact that one denomination contributed more to the revenue than another did without receiving a full return. (Mr ApihaU : Chinese. Laughter.) Well, he did not know much of them, but excluding them, there was no foundation whatever fbr s'aviog- that one sect supported another; because they all contributed equally to the general revenue, and were in fact receiyiL'g from the vote the contributions they mddb themselves': (No; np;j Reference' had been made to what; waEJ torhiud the ' noble legislation' whioh had ?;reibbntly ' dealt with the Irish Church. He !,-. did n'tit wish to consider that ; question, but would point out that it hjid j no bearing1 on the present ono, for it musjj.b'e borne in mind that the bodies iu Ireland did not derive an equal benefit, while here they wore all oh the same footing. Even allowing; Bdwover; that the analogy between the; two\ cases held, the mode of dealing with' +.he Irish, Churoh .was different from the mode. proposed h&ro.; They all knew that . the existing rights, of per sons who rode'iye'd( bBde'fita from ilie.TriSH Ohuroh Establishment , ( we're acknowledged by the h'o'm'e L'e'gislatureij { but nothing was proposed here; The proceeds derivad from the Irish Church were io be devoted to the os ;ablishmaht bf lunatic asvlurris'or charities, but it was very curious that the. abolition of the grant-in-aid should bb proposed here when there might be a ohance of passing a precisely similar 8um-r-£60,000— for thb' payment of members. He should vote against tho/ resolution. . Mr G. PATON SMITH, was surprised tb hear he hon. member for St. Hilda say that, parsons had no right to complain of Stuto-nid in this oolony, because all contributed eq jally, and the . State gave away the money equally. Tho hon. member would become aware, if lib looked at th.9 statistics on the table; that tho disburse ments of the grant were only given to a pbr ,ioa of the people here, and that there woro largo denominations who received no did; who, therefore, necessarily paid to support the , others. (Hear, hear.) If he (Mr Smith), for instance, , gwvb a . portion of the grant to thb Stato; and no portion1 ,wd# returded to him, it was obvious he was paying to support some ono else. To show tho inconsistency of tho hon. member (Air. Fellows), he said that in -59 the hon. member movod tho second read r ing- of a similar bill in another House. He read from Hansard extracts from the speech of Mr. Fellows when seconding the bill, in one of whioh the hon. member stated that he seconded the bill from personal convictions, and not because it; was a Government measure. (Loud laughter.) It was obvious that at that time tho hon. mem ber had some convictions. Another remark whioh Mr Follows made in tho same speech was to tho. effect that it seemed quite inconsistent that, because a sum of money was sot apart as a grant in aid, all denominations were placed on the 'same footing. (Loud laughter.) Well, now, thb hon. member arg-uod that all were on a level. . At that same second reading in 1859 the hon. member also said 'thatit was not possible for porsons with stroBK. religious feelings to believe that others of a different tone of feeling could be so tar right as that they would willingly con tribute to the support of that different re ligion.' How amazingly different was the hon. member when speaking from 'conviction' in another place, and speaking from his position on the Opposition benches in the Legislative Assembly. There was one- omission, how ever, which the hon. member had inade in his speech that night — he did Dot say he spoke ifrom peronal . oonvio tion He (Mr G. P. Smith) then, to show the improper .manner in which the various de nominations expended the fund, said that so far from ministers and congregations in remote dis tricts receiving the did, a large proportion of it was absorbed by olergymen in populous dis tricts — gentlemen who ought- if there were any value in religion, and they were capable of being its ministers, to maintain themselves from the offerings of their congregations. From the sum of £10,600 which the Church of England received from the grant for olerfeymeni no less a sum than ilQOO was 'devoted i in Melboiirnn to the' payment of olergyrnen who visited the Hospital,, the Benevolent .AsyWupJ the Industrial Schools and the Deborah hiilki .He woula have thought that if those clergymen were anxious t-n oa,rry out their duties, theV ^ould have visited such places with'out re.warclj and it was a shame to them that they took thb money. Then a considerable portion oif ,lhe same £10,500 was paid to the dignitaries 6f. the sanio ohuroh. The .Bishop reo'eived £800* the Archdeaoon of Qeelong £450, thb Dean received, a considerable sunv, as : did dls'ip the Archdeacon of Oastlemaine. It .was not for the advancement of religion that those sums were.iBxpehded, hilt for the advancement of dig^', nitaries.. (Hear, .hear.) He also; foiibd- that £450 if the sum voted for the Presbyterians was ; expended amongst clergymen in .Vlelbburiaei Richmond, South Yarird and the neighborhood, who received tVi'e miserable sum of £40 8s 8d each. There, were gentlemen taking that small ^ sum, and depriving the oduhtry districts , of it, whoso incomes varied from £600 to £1000 each. V (No, no.) Well, .ha had relaspii : to believe that the gentle man yho recently signed a petition to ; that House had ah irip'oirio of nearly £1000, aha yet he took the; i&40\. 8s ,8d. As regardod the Wesleyans, he said that tho whole amount received by that body for stipends was absorbed in the Melbourne, Geelong, 3?itz roy, Brighton, Warrnambool, Ballarat, Castle maine, Sandhurst, Kyneton and Tarna gulla 'districts, whioh could well pay fdr their ministers ; while in tho remote partis in which Methodism had nourished there wete no clergymen at all. The money, in fact, in stead of being spent for religion, went into the pockets of gentlemen who ought to bo able to maintain a respeotablo position, and whose con gregations could afford them adequate support. . Tho hon. mombor for West Bourke (Mr J. T. Smith) was a trustee of a church that had re pudiated its obligations and grossly misappro priated its public lands. They had built a line of shops on their frontage and appropriated the rent to the payment of the clergyman, to whom the congregation scarcely contributed anything ; and, further, they had attempted to shift an obligation attached to the school and the church on to the sohool fund alone. He found that the Churoh of England, with an average attendance of 30,000 persons, received £10,692 ; the Presbyterian Churoh, with an attendance of 31,000, £3445; and the Wes leyariK, with an attendance of 43,000, £2149 for their olergymen ; and the money was not, therefore,- spent equally for religion; because the most pushing denominations in .the colony, whioh had gone furthest inland; were i the Wesleyans and the Primitive Methodists (' No,' no,' and ' hear, hear'), who received the least amount of State aid. The Independents and Bap tists received noho. and it could not be denied that they had aoted as efficiently for the disse mination of religious. truths as any other deno mination. He could well understand that, in 1851 it might have been desirable to subsidise religious bodies, but what proportion of assistarioe oould the £60,000 now eivb to the larc-o nob'ula ;idn of -the country? ? Iu d few years', tirnd,- top'j. it would be less in proportion to each. of th'Sso who should, receive it, while dignitaries ?wbluld still receive; the same. sum. If they abolished the grant they would be dbing a good work; and .advancing 'the principles of religion'; whioKihle believed we're now sinking under ther iriiseriiblb differences and complications raised between the sects'; , , ? . .?,?;?'. , ??:„??' ?- Mr BLAIR said that when the' £Sd,OOd was1 first voted it . was iiever, expected tndi apy minister would offer- to' oloim a stipend for', life out of .it^ drid h'c i hofied the canting whines #b'iqb; : were _ Set 'up aboiit ihdiyiaual justice and in-Jividdal riglita would ;not be brdugh'fc^.iiitb' the argument fospeoting the bill again. They had really, tititbing- at all to do with' religion - iii. Parliament ; but- to let : it alone ; theirs was only a political and a sboula'r funbtion. It was bant also to say that the'stlp porters1 '', or ; the resbldtibii were hunting for )op.ularity iri trying to pass ifc ; for surei^-if ihere wfis a stf bug impression outside airiitogSt tho community in favor of the' fab'oliiibn of State-aid, then^hqiiestiohdbly they would; h'e' dt-ing_ their, duty by giving effect to thdtifn pressipn and voting !in. favor of ilib resolution.1 The hon; member further spoke in' fivybt' of the voluntary pririoiplei , and read extracts' froin': Sfi article contributed .by the RBy;.Nowmdn Hall ;b the Broadway Magazine for June,' iti whlbh ;h'a't loarnod diviuo detailed his experienba of the very bone'flolal working of vbluntdryism in' thb United Sttitos, and Canada. , ; , , Mr MAOBAIN intbnded to vote for tho aboH iibn of a tat o did. Ever since lib road, iriany ybdff) ago; ,'/ Gtlddalfctino's Churoh H£d State';' arid iUo late; Mr. Mrib'o.n'lay's oritiolsms .iippn iti, h'e was forced tb th'o fibtfbluslHa that Mr Glaasiib'rlQ ^tts wrong, aurl that a Stato . churoh could not bo upheld. Tho hon. member then said that if tato-aid was right, tho sura of £50,000 for so large a population as that in this -colony. ? was altogether insufficient; and; ,,ifc * would ? require ; ^500,OOPj__pr^ ? even n, million,, to - support the system ijSrdp^rly.' ? There was another point to whiohjhe iiyisheilfto i direct attention, .which was the statement that several of the ministers of thejPresbyteriah1 Church who wore in the receipt o'f 'from ?32600 to jEIOOO.a year were 'in receipt of tho 'i46-''8s :8S| State-aid allowed to each minister of that de-! nomination; this:he must deny; .sinoo there! was ? only one ' minister in receipt 'of .the £1000' iper annum, and he had never received: one -shilling1 of: Government money 'either 'for ^ stipend .or for the erection pt his ohuroh. , Further, ho belonged to a ohurph and oongreT; gation which. had never touched ;'one -shilling of. the State grant. It was true that a portion of. the Presbyterian Churoh in the oolony held that it was. .duty, of the State to;: support the i ohurohe«, yet 'there was a very large hody which; was entirely in favor of the essentiaUyyoluntary' system without any aid ''whatever. ..ThiB lat-' ter !body, ? with the experience ;of*the,'iripther; oountry, were willing to abandon'thVaid.of the: Stats, and rely entirely, tin the support of their adherents. The. Free 'Church, which hadbeen established in 1843, was a standing- 'monument of what the voluntary, system obuld :. do when carried .out in 'its integrity. This church . had done more than any } State - churoh had ever done to diffuse the -doctrine -Of ' Christianity throughout the country. He was: of the same opinion as that advocated by Mr Bright and other great statesmen, '.that 'there . was no danger of the .people abandoning their religion if the State ceased to support, it; 'but that,- on the contrary, every church.,would take' the means of securing the goodwill of 'their 'ad-; hnrents, and that the ohurohes, for tho £5U,000 of State money whi,ch they lost. ..would get; £500,900 from jtbe voluntary contributions of ?, their supporters ' He thought ;,'that:the'- re-: moval of the State' grant would -be the best thing that had' ever happened to ?£he'6hurdh;'fqr- as long as it remained the churches 'would; .bejslriiply leaning'ona broken jy redd. jAilu Sion11 had been made to anbther section of the.ohuroh, the Roman Catho'lio, 'arid'he: was assured that they would not bo behind hand, in, wishing the S^ate-aid abolished. In deed, some .persons who were in a position to give |Van opinion, while they contended' for their proportion ? so -long as the jSt'jbate granted ! aid, they were indifferent if the aid were with-, drawn at any time. He was assured that with tbeir' '.'spontaneous Hand impulsive liberality, they would more; than make ut- ^thb ''require- : mentn of the ohuroh. The very branbh/of the' ohurohj which .should have been ! ithe first to ; have volunteered ; to have ? abaudb'nedthe prin- i ciplex-f State-aid was the very orie.'to cling the ; most;.,pertinaoiously to their principle 'that: it ?' was the ; duty, of, the State to; '/support the! church to which they belonged. 'y^heri /again; ; he would draw, attention to -the distribution 'of, the erari't. The morioy was distributed on the ? basis pi the berisus of 1861. The di-t'ibuttori! was unfair',' and if it was to be nt all equitable it i should be aobbrdimr to results, j (Laughter.) ; The hon. member then compared the statistic^ , of the distribution, i and went oh to say 'the, Wesleyan Methodists, who were the, pioneer's of \ the colony, in 'religious matters, and who, had; done as much;' if- not moro. than .any other' church, received one of the atnalle-t amounts 'of ; tho grant. In some cases the grants we're .yii-1 tuaily misapplied, as in the case df the Ohuroh of England, much of the grnnt went to support ministers who ought to have blushed to. 'touch tho money. For all' these reasons j 'he said 'em- phatically, abolish the system. ? '.- . ' Mr MACWAHON moved as an (amendment, that £10,000. he reduced to £5000, and the years extended from 1874 to 1879. i ? ? :. . Mr HI^INBOTHAM said that ho had oh the last ocoasion spoken iu favor of and in support of Stato-aid, and now in supporting the motion he felt that it was due that he should state the reasons for his change . of views upon the ques tion. Ho had sot out with the opinion 'some years ago 'that it was 'the duty of the Churoh to support religion, but time and circumstances, while they had not altered his view in %he ah^ straot, had'.led to a modification of thorn ia their practical and manifest results. His opinions had; started from, a totally different point to that of '.the previ -us speaker, not from the principle of the benefit derived from reli gion, but from the fundamental and underlying principle. ? It was first drawn from tho work of Gladstone on the Churoh and the State, and was hosed on principles which had never been con rovorbed or overthrown. .It was laid down that a State was in its actions of a necessity a person ality, and that it cannot act and exercise its fuuo lion* except upon principles of relig-ioa and irre ligion. This did not apply merely where it per formed certain .high and important functions, but in every state of action and existenoe it must in the necessity of things be influenced by religious or irreligious principles. In the es tablishment 6f independent Government in the colony an attempt had been made by an act of Parliament to. sepnrate the Churoh and State, which was simply attempting to do by an aot of Pftrliamont. what no aot oould do. It was a problem of; at least 1600 years old, but. it was ever found-that religion and civil power were so blended that every attempt to separate them ever had failed, ah3 over would fail. When he thus spoke of religion he did not mean to refer to any.; particular form of belief or oreed, to any school of theology or the dogmas of any phufcdh. He used the word in the sense of a definition which had always much foroe with him;1 arid what he meant was that re ligion whioh .expressed the religion of all without including the fanaticism of any. True, the hph; ntembSf. for Dalhousiewould say that this was- O fantastic and chimerical deflni . tion of religion, btit that was what he meant by it, and not any creed or seot, When tho pro position was laid down that we should, if pos sible, aid religion, it , beoame neoessary that We ' should understand what was meant i;by religion, before we talked about aiding it. The expression State-aid to reli gion ho objected to ; it had always crated harshly pti his ear; and he thought that the ex pression ivitS objectionable if not even irreverent. He failed to perceive how it was in the power of 11 o State to aid religion, whioh was far boyohd its power. 'J'ruo, it was in the power of the State to pay a tributo to religion, and to aid the porsons engaged in promoting its diffusion, but as to aiding religion itself, that it oould not do. Tt Was i only within the lost tWp or three years that he had commenced to salter his views) as to th&-&raoti6;&Dle; relaMiJii whioh should exist betwee^|ft0.igfejlrpn, and the : Btate. . About two years agbj when the question was before the Legislature, by whioh it was provided that tho people might provide for their ohildren a national religion, which should not intei JEfl_te__with._J;he religious. .opinions of .any ^ of ^He, :rohuronieBi Ta&'d. : rthe action ;?'? 'bf -the Ye-. jljgidus '^heaas op 'this matter ,:#rst started /him ' On -a 'nevr.traih 'of '-thought, Tho opinions rexp'resse~d 'at '-this'titnVby thoreligious heads of , 'the various denoniiridtions -wore of such an 'unexpected bharabter that they had startled; ?him, and -'ha'd driven 'him 'into conclusions :p'ainful Vtb his feelings. Thoiranswer to .tho ques- ; tibn .''WhStiB religion?' was ?praotieally ''.Our; own'aoamas and doctrines, and we dorit under stand what you mean by rbligibh'in any other sense*' of 'the word. We only understand our own dogmas, and'these wo wish to propagate and teach,' and cailitreliio^on.' ? They ignored ?tho existonce' of 'a' national religion, suohashe ??ha,d're'f6rr1ed'tp,'whioh embraced all, and which led to national virtue and an elevated national : character. Putting the question in that ligKt; what reason could be .adduced; why the State Should aid this religion ? There was a' oontihually: growing class of persons who attaohod-but little importance to any form of: doctrine, end whobelieved that every form of ; doctrinal theology had little or no effect what- ; eVer in the guidance of life and the formation1 of 'morals. -A smaller section of the com-' inunity '.bPlievecL that dogmatic theslogy was of essential importance both to themselves and to the welfare of the community. 'He should like'to'hear a person holding -this Iview.'defend 'the system which lends indiscriminate assistance . to all sects of religion the doctrines'of some of which 'he -must believe to be |fatal to: the highest interests both 'of himself 'and: of , the .community. (Hear, Keittv), Hej 'oOuld .'not but believe that., aiiy ? heads - of a ^:den6minatioh who overlopked this: disregarded the welfare of tho community in thfeir desire to secure 'the welfare of their own ?sect.. Ttwas thus, plain that they had not the 'highest interests of the country at heart, and !there'fore were undeserving the support or aid of '.the i country, since the religious bodies had no connection whatever with religion in tho sense of the'word in which he used it. The results of the past system of aid had been referred to, and the number of churohes ereoted had been oited as a proof of the good done, but he must suggest that this was no proof 'that any_ religious good had been effe'oted. (A letter 'which he had read from a peer and a divine, designated England as 'a. Churdh-poxed ... country,' and the same might'be, said of Victoria, from the number of - 'bhurches,' ^erected; but for the real effeots of religion' they must look for deener iiiid ;*ftir nobler. iesults. He had no desire 'to- '¥ay ahythipg offensive, but he must 'say pfthat ' the bhurches in general were not rdtiirig'their duty in promoting religion and edu fo)iybn. In supporting the Chief Secretary's motion ho had no wish to.enter into the ques trdn, as, to when the grant should end, but would ;,ri8st satisfied with voting that it. should end. ?It was a quostion for the heads of denomina tions to decide whether the building of churohes was the same thing as tho -propagation of the :Gospol; and it was for the House to say .whetherin supporting such a system .it was do ing -wisely in gratitingState- aid to religion, Mr DUFFY said that having arrived at the same conclusion as thehon. member for Brigh ton, by a widely divergent path, ho thought that it was hi!i duty to state his reasons for 'the vote he 'should give on the question. When he; entered that chamber, thirteen years before, ;he : was in favor of the State aiding all religions, denominations. The reason of his holding this -view was, that in all the .beBt governed kingdoms the relifyibris we»-e supported j ny the State. It was so in Oatholiq Franceand Belgium, and in Protestant Saxony and _. Ger ihany. But though this was so, ho*' never for an instant supposed that religion oould not exist without this riid. Ho was therefore, alto gether at issue with the rev.' bishop in his ire.- , marks in the letter-read by the hon. the Chief Secretary. - He there stated that he was opposed to the system of State-aid, since it fostered what he termed a satanio agenby, which said 'the right reverend gentleman could not exist on the voluntary system. ; He did not make this reference to Dr. Perry's letter with any jllfeel ing, but simply to illustrate what were the effects it produced on his mind. It was evident to him that the epithet was applied to the religion of whioh he was a member, and since he hailed from a country where they -entirely- supported religion at their own cost, .he had no fear of it falling under the voluntary system. (Hear, hear.). The ex periences of past years were all against the supposition that a voluntary system was in jurious to the ohurch. He was muoa touohed by one or two incidents whioh he had witnessed in his life. He remembered when a long train of aged men in Scotland voluntarily severed them selves from their connection with the State rather than be trammelled with it, and he had wit nessed their . triumphant success and the pro gress of their ohuroh. The Oxford movement was another instance where many noblemen severed themselves from their oohnebtion with, the State, to -join what they considered a purer religion and one in whioh they had more faith. Then again, in the famine year, when thousands died/of sheer starvation, did the priests desert their posts ? No ! ftaref opted, with Boaroe a rag to their backs, they ministered to the flying, doing their duty while they had soaroe a potato to live upon. (Hear, -.hear.) It was the voluntary system that stood by the ohuroh there, and it ..ever, would. ... He had, ten years ajjd, .when . Mr Mibnie proposed his bill to abolish State-aid; (supported him on the condition that a bill should /bo .brought in establishing; ? the religious ? . equality^ of all the denominations. (Hewr, hear.) This bill was passed by the Assembly, but was rejected by ,a *mall Majority in the Council;. Mt Miohie kept his word, the Equality Bill was brought in and passed. He (Mr Duffy) however, oonBidbred himself bound by his promise to oppose State - did whenever it came up, and he had done so, and would do do on this oocaBibn. (Hear, hear.) He did not hold the view of the hon. member for Brighton, that it was not well to encourage denominational religion, since he thought that it was desirable to teach that men should not steal, murder, or bear false witness, and all and every denomina tion taught this. He failed to under stand the hon. member for Brighton's al lusion to a national virtue and .elevated na tional ? character not being basSd on dogma, sinOe he thought ; that it. could not have a better basis than tho..T6n.Gommandtacnt», and this was dogma. He thought that national character oould not bs founded on a batter basis than the Christian religion, and since he thought this, he would prefer to see religion taught- .by_any- xoligious— body-rather^han . no. religion vat ?alli^Mtaaid jjjfo ? s^e. ?? ihis im- i plied 'the ? lintervehtlbn , fof $he .'State '!' The ^dhV'moiHber -f or Brighton had jbeen Ve'ry:: 'severe 4h.'biis 'remarks 'upbn'fchTe;ag:gregStit-ris of bricks 'and- -iportlar used-as 'place's of -worship.; The'hon. gentleman ^migh't 'not like to kit as a; member of Parliament 'in the open khv (Laughtiar.) ' * Church buildinRS were neoeRsary, and it was merely visionary -to speak 'of carry Ing on religious orainahce8'without them. He: hoped that if the House did take away the grant; now, it would be dono more gently than had: been proposed. Such a change ought to bo brought into operation almost imperceptibly. Mr WKIXON, as a member of the Churoh Of England, felt that it had been somewhat hardly dealt with by gome hon. members in' this discussion. When the history of our oyde came to be written, the work performed by the Church of England would have a prominent place in it. The endeavor of that ohuroh was to adapt itself to the spirit of the time with out .sacrificing its principles, and it succeeded in embraoing widely different shades of opinion within its fold. However, he did not care to1 enlarge upon that point. (Hear, hear.) While; he belonged to one of tho assisted denomina tions he eould not, as the hon. member for Dal-; housie did, argue as if all were -of one; way of thinking, iand of his own. It must be remembered that the population of this oolony included individuals of the; most diametrically opposite opinions. As a -principle, he was convinced that no party ought jto'be assisted by the State, but still he had to look to existing circumstances. There were pertain simple moral teachings' in whioh all the churches agreed, and whiohit.was ineoessaryto inculcate. -Now, it was a fact that .in many of the outlying distriots of this colony this instruc tion could not be afforded to the -yeuiig without State-aid to religion. Those distriots . would be left entirely destitute of religious influences if State- aid were withdrawn. This he mentioned as a fact, and he felt that he must relax his - principles to meet such a base. The population ' of this colony, distributed as it was over so widean extent of territory, could not becom pared to the inhabitants of a pity like Birming ham, 'for instance. So scattered, it was inevit- ' able that many of tho inhabitants must be left unprovided for unless the State supplied the ; means of reaching them. Without arguing; upon the duty of the inhabitants of more pen- - tralised neighborhoods to provide for the reli giouv wants of sparsely populated place's, he ? simplydeolared that they would not do so, and that these places wouldbe left destitute. What' was the.consequenbe? A generation growing: up devoid df religious 'instruction. ; Mr HABCOTJilT Tbse simply to correct an ; errer of the 'hon. the Attorney- Geaeral's. The Wesleyan clergy ditl riot receive the Government aid d'rebtly as the hon. gentleman gave it to be understood, but the money was paid into a fund to be distributed for aid in cases of necessity. Mr G. V. SMITH had been surprised with the remarks 'of the. hon. membor for^»lfast (Mr Wrixon), as he had been surprised with many other most inconsequential arguments from gentlemen of high ability. The hon. member for Belfast should have called to . mind that in 'Ataerica 'ther&!.were states with double the area et Victoria and only half its popu- , latiori, 'where .the standard of religion was as high:'as' in- ;Eh(rland or in this country, and where,' nevertheless, the principle of State aid was not repbgnised. America was, indeed, the beat exainaple in point. He contended that 'ih'nb country was there so much vital religion iw in 'America, und ho contrasted it with the opposite couOtrios of Sweden and Spain, in both 'Of which there was State-aid, arid in which public morality was- muoh lower .'than in the backwoods 'of Ariie rioa, where they never heard religion preaphed. The hon.Smembor for Brighton had surprised himin:rio less, a degree than the hon. Jnember . for Belfast. .Btit that he had a closer know ledge of Mr Higinbotham's opinions than 'that , gentleman's speech afforded, he would suppose ' there was very little difference between them and those of the hon. member for Dalhousie. The hon. member for Brighton had referred to Mr Gladstone's essay on Church and State. In that very essay Mr. Gladstone showed that while the rospeot for dogma had deoreased in England, the tone of aotuaV morality arid reli gion among tho people had improved. . . Mr. LONGMORE never intended to enter at length in the question, but he could riot let the remarks of the hon. member for Brighton pass. That hon. gentlemen argued, in f aot, in favor of a State religion ; arid what did a State religion mean ? Intolerance and persecution. The hon. member for the Wimmera was a member of - ohuroh whioh would riot allow a minister to go to a congregation withouthe were paid £300 per -year. Supposing the Apostle Paul had not gone out uncler less than that, there would not have been any Christianity. He hoped the Ministry Would not lengthen the .term beyond the fire years mentioned in the resolution. Mr LANGTON belonged to a seot whioh had always been compelled to contribute to others while they were prevented from conscientious Boruplos from reooiving anything: themselves. He did not support the resolution from 'the view that the soots were of no value to the country, for they could frot really determine what were the advantaged or. results derived from the teabhing of religion iri the oolony. The fact, however, that those . results, oould not be determined convinced him that the State should not attempt to aid a system the advan tages of which it .oould not know. The hon. member, at somo length, replied to some of the arguments of tbb hop. member for Brighton again Bt dogmatic religion. Mr BUBTT could only have wished that the Chief Secretary hid brought in a bill to abo lish the whole, £50,000 at once. He was a member of a body whioh carried but volun taryism in- the extreme. They ereoted their own churohes; had all free seats; kept their own ohbir, arid they had one of tho largest churches and congregations in the city of Melbourne. They had also more ministers tbari churches, and sent their ministers to the distriots not thiokly 'po pulated, and paid them by money raised by vo luntary contributions.. . - Mr KERNOT sftid it was a matter of surprise to him that State-aid had riot been, abolished long ago, and he thought, any. oho taking a com mon isettBe view of the matter would be of tho ?amis opinion. ... . . . . ?? ;;? ? .,?'. ? , i Mr M^CULISOCH w lSned to reply to BoniS of the remarks made by the hon. and learned mem ber for Belfast, who had said ha had attacked the Bishop of Melbourne. He made no attaok on the Bishop, but merely quoted his own statements TOade~ in '* 1851 and ,1852, on. the question 'of -Stbtte- aid, and compared them with tho bourse he 'now followed. It was for 'the 'rev. potitlemttri Mmself to explain the difference. The 'Eon. member also said that he had asked what the Churoh of England had dono, as if it haddOrie nothing. Ho had not said any thing against the Churoh of: England in' this oolony, but ho asked what tho Churoh had done in England, and 'ho was now prepared to say he considered, that, with all her revenues, emolu ments arid ^position, she had done nothing at all for religion as compared with what dissenting bodies had accomplished. The same remarks would apply to, all established State churohes, and he would apply it to Scotland where 600 clergymen came out from the Established Church and threw them selves on the people, by whom they were well supported. There were very many parts of Scotland as thinly populated as Victoria was, but the people in Sbotland acted on the prin ciple that the strong must support the weak, and when those clergymen left the ohurch those who were Btrong supported them. With regard to the 'extension of the time for abolish ing the aid, he said he had no desire to do anything which would press hardly on any sec tion l6r any body, but he thought the olergy tnen of this colony had received ample notice of the views, of tho people. He also called attention 'to the fact that the olergymen of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine,' 'and other large towns ought to give the; 'riioney they^ had hitherto received to support clergymen in outlying distriots. If that were done aind proper arrangements were made during the next five years, it would be found that there would be no hardships in the most outlying' districts. He was quite sure if the clergymen threw. themselves upon their congre gations they would be in a better position, for the people would, support them more liberally than 'they would 'otherwise have been sup ported. . The 'question was then put that the £10,000 proposed to be struck' put should stand part of the question, and agreed to by 35 votes to 10. The following is the division list : — 'AYES.— 86. Mr Asplnall Mr Otraningham Mr Macgregor Boillle Dyte Mason Bates Eyerard M'Oolloch » Blair Francis M'Kean Bowman Haroourt M-Lellan Burtt - Silglnbotham Btchardson Batters ;JimcB ? Smith, O. P. Byrne K&Hot; Smith, G. V. Gassy ? X&ngton; SallWanJ Oopo, E. 'J-9J?J? WllBon Oope, T. Xorigmore Witt Orews Ma'oBaln V. ' .- NOES— 10. Mr Baylea Mr T'ftrrell Mr RuBSell Bowko Hanaa Thomas Cohon MiibMahon Wrixon Duffy ; ;/ The resolution -treS then put and carriod. The second resolution was then put, that power be given to the ohurohes to dispose bf their lands.. . , ?Mr LANGTON :-poirited to an abuse made by some denominations of the liberality of the ?Crown in 'granting ... .them land for ohuroh purposes. A fine site was granted for St. John's Churoh in Eliiabith-street, at the. corner of Ldtrbbe- street,' the area being spacious in order that the -proportions of the building might be well set Off-' That portion of the reserve whioh fronted Elizabeth-street was, however, let for a ;row of shops. This was a most discreditable perversion of the trust. Mr EVERAttt- remarked that there were many.'similar cases. Mr HIGINBOTHAM thought that some re turn ought to be 'obtained by the Govern ment for handing iover so large an ex tent of land to the denominations as this resolution proposed. There was a provision under enactment for the granting of land- for affiliated 'oollbgbs to the University on ?application. This plaiiri miejht be abandoned by tne ?'s'eots, arid h'e thought the Government should stipulate to have it abandoned. He hoped it would be understood that the Souse, in passing the resolution before it, did not pledge itself to give the land without any return. Mr M'CTJLLOGH was willing to give the lands up unconditionally, exoeptTthat they should be devoted to religious purposes. He desired .to seethe question settled, even though it should be at some saorifice. ... . Mr BATES said there were oases in whioh an individual lmd obtained land_ ostensibly for a denomination, whioh denomination repudiated the. grant. (Hear, hear.) Wotild that indivi dual obtain the land under this resolution ? (Cries of 'No, no.') ..: ? =. -. . . . . After.Bome remarks by Mr EERNOT. about a base of the kind in Geelonpr, and also from Mr LANGTON j Mr M'0ULL©CB[ Baid . that , BUoh cases would be provided for, fsq tb.it liands repudiated by any| denomiri'atiori would revert to the Crown. .. , ,;.- ,...,.?., .;? r The resolution was put and 'parried ;.; after whioh Mr M'CULLOOH brought ik a bill em bodying both resolutions. He moved that it, be read a first time, which was agreed td-;. the second reading being made an order of the day for Wednesday, 8th September, when there would be a call of the House. The Inglewood Advertiser states that, bri22rid August a singular oeremony was porforined at Wedderburn in the Chinese burial ground: Ap cordingtothe statement of a Chinaman who live'a Borne twenty miles from Inglewood, orio night last week he was visited by the spirit of a coun tryman, who has been some time gone to the ' flowery land,' and informed that the said spirit folt the effeots of the late froBt in his damp grave very much, and that he needed several ' oreature comforts.' John imme diately came into town, purchased a suit of new clothes, hot even omitting a substantial flannel. These he took to the grave of the cold ghost, stretohed thorn out nicely on it, and then set them on fire. He afterwards ponred the contents of a bottlo of HonnegBy's beat ?? battle-axe' over it, placed some pipo lights and a post at each corner of the grave, to eaoh of which was tied a letter addressed to the ' dear departed.' When nBkod why he did hoi; leftvJB.a pipe and opium to be need with.th^ p'l|b ilgnta John replied very reverently, ,' Qb\ him ioo inibhy down below', (pointing to thb grave), and then quietly -made h« exit. Th^ faot wu witnessed by several European!. 