depth, 50ft Womens $fV&10». on FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1860. To all our renders we within a happy 'new' year. They doubtless equally wish it for themselves;. and so, however we may sometimes, differ in opinion, we are in this" matter at least in accord. , ' Ï he ( wish has been said to be father to the thought. But it is only father to the. result when it passes, into will, and will, becomes intelligent and resolute action.' And the result is not always born even' them. The best devised, the most steadily pursued, course of action sometimes fails of its end, for Providence is not at human beck, and " there is a Power that shapes? our andí )rough, hew them' how we pray." No man can be confident in this world that his purpose shall be realised. But while there is, enough uncertainty in the affairs of this world to, make every man, modest, it still remains true, on the whole that men are the architects of their own fortune. For individuals and for nations the world is, in the main what they make it and new years grow into cold years to be remembered with sorrow or joy, not according to the wishes uttered at the commencement, but according to the actions that mark their course. It is a grave subject of debate among a certain class of modern philosophers whether there is such a thing as human will, and even if there be whether it is not an impotent phenomenon in presence of the overpowering domination of phy eical laws.. Mechanical as this theory of life as, it is at variance with the plain lesson taught by the mechanical progress which is one of the cha I racteristic signs of the age. For the triumphs of mechanical genius are all the result of human will and intelligence'operating on the forces of nature. But, whatever philosophers may think, the mass of human kind will proceed on the in- expugnable conviction that they can "both, will and do, as well as will and forbear. The doctrine most recognised by the human conscience is that which throws on men the responsibility for their own future, and which draws on elastic resource of human effort. the old year is placed to account, and is no longer ours to mend or mar. But 1869 still belongs to the world. What is going to be the complexion of its history? We will not pretend to cast its horoscope. Political prediction has fallen a little into disgrace of late, there never was a time when it was so loudly contended that history could be made a science, and that events could be foretold, and yet there never was a time when the closest observers and the shrewdest reasoners were more completely put out of their calculations. Events in America and Europe of late years have astonished equally both actors and spectators. All that it seems safe to say is that the year bids fair to witness great changes. In the mother country, Mr. Gladstone seems likely to be the Premier, and committed to an ecclesiastical policy which will be the harbinger of changes far beyond the limits of Ireland, and which may affect other Churches than that of England. He is also committed to a case tute endeavour to secure the pacification of Ireland, and that by peaceful means. In America, General Grant will succeed to the Presidency. The greatest soldier has been elected chief of the State. His election has been the triumph of the Republican party, (and the final subjugation of the South. He has been too taciturn a man to develop much policy, but that he will endeavour to remind the States together by a firm but liberal treatment seems certain. In Europe the great question is, will it be peace or war ? All the words say peace ; all the signs portend way, it is a question that interests not only diplomatists, but every household in two great nations. And it rests mainly with two potentates to decide. Probably neither of them at this moment knows which it is to be-a year of peace 'op a year of war. Will they wish each other a happy new year? Will they each try to carry out the wish? If they do not, it will be a sad year to many in their dominions. Apart from the affairs of France and Russia, Spain has this year to try and settle down from a revolution. It is monarchical without a monarch, and is just now in a state of oligarchical pupilage. Some immense reforms have been made - reforms which would be matter for unmixed congratulation, were it not for the fear that they are premature. Narrowing our view to the affairs of our own part of the world, what are our prospects for the year - In some respects, doubtless, not particularly bright. The great depression in our own leading staple will be a source of embarrassment to many ; but this evil is remediable, and if the year witnesses the commencement of a general effort to improve the breed of our sheep, it will count in our annals, if not as a prosperous year, at least as the (cause of prosperity in other years. The year is to witness a Congress to discuss the question of intercolonial trade, and if this is the first step in a commercial federation, it will mark an epoch in our progress. It is almost a matter of certainty that we shall have a general election this year. The Assembly will the next January by mere effluxion of time, and it is not very likely that it will linger out to the last day of its term. If the people this year are thus called upon to re make the Assembly, we trust that it will be a happy new Parlia- ment not a happy family in the sense of identity of opinion, but happily free from low self-seeking aims, and happily one in pure patriotic purpose. Throughout this colony many a heart will have been touched with sorrow upon the arrival of the news of Rossini's death. The Daughters of Music must needs be " low " when apprised of the departure of one of the great masters of melody. Few men, perhaps, have contributed by their musical gifts so much as he has done to the gratification of the civilised world. It is true that (with two or three exceptions) he has not consecrated his genius to sacred uses, by making it the organ in the Church ; but, on the other hand, he has not allowed it to descend to the hurdy-gurdy in the street. If' he has failed' to lift the souls of men upon the pagans of praise, he has added ornaments to the structure of civilised (society, and contributed to the innocent pleasures arid happiness of man's' transitory life. Music ' such as he has produced bears 'the) same relation to their oratorios of Handel and Haydn and the works of Bach, as the landscapes of, Claude, of Turner, and of Linnlll do to the cartoons of Raphael, the frescoes of Michael Angelo, or the con- template works of Scheffer. We do" not I look to Rossini's music for the presentation of great ideas : his chief value appears when we are fatigued in mind and body, and too JVfeary for great ideas when- great ideas" would be accounted a bore and he uses this art as David did upon Saul, to make us forget our sorrow and weariness, to soothe our passions and 'win us from savage' and resentful moods, 'there must be intervals between stretches of severe, labour, and we are indebted to poets and painters, and sculptors, and novelists, and musicians, for the pleasing service they render at such times by devising relaxation which is both amusing and instructive, which Wines our tastes, adorns our lives, and multiplies our sympathetic relationships, There is a gross state of being in which enjoyment is derived from animal comforts, and murderous-, triumphs. To this the influences of Religion and the Fine Arts are antagonistic-that is to say, they tend to counteract the effects of the strong and sometimes deadening struggle . which men are obliged to carry on who feel the daily necessity of winning food and clothing, fire and shelter from nature ; their tendency is to lift men from the indulgence of gross and dangerous passion, and to key them to the higher harmonies of intellectual life Orpheus and the beasts of the jungle always affording a fitting illustration of the power of music. Although Rossini's name appears in the obituary he has, as a composer, been amongst the dead for years. Thirty years ago might his requiem have been more fittingly sung, for since he reached his thirty-, seventh year his due has been all blank-he has done nothing but rest upon his past' fame. So far from finding the ruling' passion strong in death," music ceased to sway him long before death, and he seems to have abandoned all his old pursuits, if report speaks true concerning him. After the composition, of Guillaume Till he deliberately closed his career, and, when pressed upon to resume his pen, he would say to his friends, " An additional success would add nothing to my fame; a failure would injure it. I have no need of the one, and I do not choose to expose myself to the other." Most readers will be aware that Gioacchino Rossini was a native of Pesaro, a little town near Bologna, and that he was the greatest dramatic composer of the present century. He was born in 1792, and at ten years of age played second horn to his father, who was a member of a strolling orchestral company. This early connection with the theatre gave the bent to his genius which was afterwards observed, for though his sweet voice got him an ecclesiastical appointment, he left the choir and the Church when his voice broke. He was then admitted to the Lyceum of Bologna, but shirking the severe, study required for the composition of ecclesiastical music, involved in double counter- point, fugues, and cannons, so, he contented himself, when he had acquired enough knowledge to make him master of the free style, and commenced at once to write operas. It must not be supposed, however, that he was of an indolent disposition. Never was a youth more diligent. He was an indefatigable student. It was, said of Haydn that he worked during his whole career not less than eighteen hours a day. Rossini must have been as assiduous during this period. His nights as well as his days were given to stud). IS not only from the Italian but the German masters he drew his mastery of all the resources of his art. The fact of his having produced Tancridi at the age of twenty, sufficiently attests the vivacity and ardour with which he wrought. Although his application after this achievement continued unabated, he never excelled this opera, which enchanted the world with its freshness and spirit, its noble chivalrous tone, its beautiful melody, and brilliant yet simple accompani- ments, and caused Italy to exclaim " Cimarosa has come back again." Then followed in quick succession L'ltaliana Algiers, La Pietro di Paragone, Demetrio e Polibio, II Turco in Italia, and Aureliano in Palmira. There are those who complain of the redundancy of this ornament. It is well that they should be made aware of one cause of it. Velluti, a celebrated singer, so much offended the composer's' taste by covering his airs with profuse embellishments, that he exclaimed " I do not know my own music " and from that time he wrote his airs with all their ornaments; but this did not re- strain the warblers from " embellishing even his embellishments." While musical director of the great theatre of San Carlo at Naples, from 1815 to 1822, he produced Elisabetta Reginald Inglnlterra, Tor valdo c Dorlisla, and II Barbiere di Siviglia, and in securing a queen for the first (the only woman who could ever play the part of Elisa bi tea) he secured a wife who brought him a large fortune, is Sorbers di Siviglia was produced in Rome, and, strange to say, was scarcely heard to the end the first night. This hasty judgment, however, was soon re- versed, and since that time, perhaps, no greater effect has been produced by any opera. Subsequently he dramatised the fanciful tale of Cinderella, and founded on the pretty narrative of the "Maid and the Magpie," a very successful opera-Gazza Ladra. While completing his engagement at Naples, between 1827 and 1828, his musical productions were very numerous, but we only now hear of Otello, Most in Egitto, La Donna del Lago, Maometto Si condo, and Zelmira. Of these, Most in Egitto, performed in England, under the title of Pietro VErcmita, and Zorah, is considered the sublimest inspiration of his genius. Before leaving Italy for a residence in England and France, where successively he undertook the management of the Italian, operas, he produced' at Venice Semiramide, an imposing and gorgeous work, slightly spoiled by the undue strength of the orchestral accompaniment. His appearance in England with his wife was a failure ; the opera written for the occasion, Zelmira, did not please. indolence and want of administrative capacity interfered with his management at Paris, where he was accused of neglecting his art as much as his business." It was here, however, that he produced his last, and what, by esteemed judges, is said to be his greatest opera 'Guillaume Tell. Had- the drama of this opera been better constructed, it would have had surprising success. As it is, it is now seldom represented. Notwithstanding the beauties of the music, the ordinary operating audiences cannot conceal their weariness of the plot, and for this reason the public are more familiar with the airs' and concerted pieces than with the entire work. Beyond this we have nothing to say. I All there is further to say the telegram told J us the other day namely, that a man whose genius has been expended in refining and amusing society, and refreshing the jaded spirit of the world has, like all others who trod the stage before' him, passed away and left the present age his debtor. ' It might be appropriate here to introduce some observations on the opera but space scarcely permits. Although it is a species' of composition that demands qualities, of mind of a very high order, opinion, is much divided as to the result. People generally are impatient of the plot, and careful only to listen to the music. They are obliged to endure what they do not like to 'enjoy what they do; and it is questionable how long persons of taste will consent to find their amusement in a species of entertainment which shocks while it gratifies them. It is questionable whether they will not do as their good sense has led them' to do in the case of Guillaume Tell liberate the music from the plot, and enjoy the former in the ' boudoir, the saloon, or the concert room. We dare say the observation will be regarded as a barbarism, but we doubt not that a . century hence people of taste will wonder what possessed the people of this day to lavish praise and time upon works which so utterly outrage the laws of good . taste as do so j many of the popular operas. We make no' allusion to the impurity of many of them, but simply to the monstrous incongruities and inconsistencies an opera-goers is exposed to what hears his piece through. What will our posterity think of great-grandparents who could endure such insufferable absurdity as characterises the ghost scene of Semiramide? the Kiama ghost is not half so ridiculous.) The performers can scarcely repress a small at the folly of their own situations, especially the great Queen herself, who alternately facing the audience and the ghost of her husband, performs her part with such exquisite composure as to be neither frightened out of time nor forced into the omission of a single trail The position is altogether false to nature' under such circumstances a woman could not sing, and a company of priests would be too much over- come with terror to respond. If this is compared with the ghost scene in "Hamlet" the difference is most marked. The one accords with what we suppose to be the natural the other violates what we know to be possible. Song is a most beautiful as necessary auxiliary to the drama ; but that the entire drama will for any length of time continue to be sung we do not believe. There is a fashion in these things, and l is now in favour of the opera. Presently] when folks come to their senses, they will dine at their simplicity in' allowing themselves to be tortured for three hours') enjoyment. The case reminds us, forcibly of the simplicity of the Chinese, who, according to Charles Lamb, consider it necessary to burn a house in order to enjoy the luxury of roast a pig. In the day- we refer to RossiNi will be known by his overtures and the gems which bestrew his operas, but not by the operas themselves. The Council or Education.-Weundorstand that the Government have determined upon filling up the two vacancies in the Council of Education, caused by the retirement, under the provisions of the Public Schools ' Act, of the Hon. George Allen, M.L.I, and Professor Smith, by the reappointment of the same gentlemen., Attempted Komieuy on the Gciliiuun Mary. We are informed by Mr. Emanuel Mandelson, who ws a passenger by the mail from Goulburn yesterday, that an > attempt was made by an armed bushranger to "stick-up" the coach at the rise of a hill about ten miles on this son of Goulburn. About half an hour at midnight yesterday (Thursday) morning the buBhrongo emerged from he scrub, and ordered "Jim" (theories of the coach to stand." "Jim," thinking that those wished to la a passenger, was reining in his house, when he bushranger fired off a revolver) probably with a view to enforce his peremptory summons, used ' river immediately lashed his horse an a gallop, and' they dashed up the hill at a rapid rat) The ruffian did; not appear to have tried to overtake the mail, and probably any effort to do so would have provocative. There were four passengers in the coach, two of them ladies, and the wadding from the bushranger's revolver entered the coach and set fire to one of fh ladies' crinoline! Beyond the consternation arising from the feeling; that one of the party had been shot, no harm resulted. The scrub at the price is very thick and the locality of the affair is known's " the usual stick' ing-up place" on the Goulburn Road But for the circumstance that there were no firearm in the coach, and the fact that the assailant was suppf id to be a man who wanted to become a passenger, it is ot unlikely that a] better account would now be given of the marauder. It was moonlight at the time, but the fellow's face was hidden from view by a slouched hat pulled over his forehead. The i bushranger is described as a man of nut build and short I stature. He was dressed in molest! trousers and pea S jacket. J St. Jude's, Hardwick On Wednesday evening, the J Rev. Dr. Barry, by request, met the parishioners to bid them I farewell prior to his entering upon the cure of Paddington, j The parishioners had prepared a pleasing surprise in the J shape of a purse of sovereigns accompanied by an address, j Uho Bishop kindly accepted the invitation of the church- j vs Gardens, and took the chair at 8 cloche. Addressing Dr. 1 Barn', he spoke of the pleasure it had given him on a leisure ) Sunday to sit under his ministry in is own parish church. j He recounted Mr. Barry's early connexion with him in the I old country v and after reading the address which was signed j by about 60 of the seatholders, presented him with it and a { portemonnaie which, he said, if ob> to speak would say, 1 " I hold £50." The Rev. Dr. Barry said he was taken ] quite by surprise, not expecting the gift. He alluded to I his past three years amongst lenT. us years of happiness, and he hoped, of profit. He should ever remember his parishioners, and, as the opera- I tion was but nominal, he hoped city to walk over and visit them. One of the schoolchildren, behalf of the scholars, v I then presented Mrs. Barry with an elegantly carved ivory ' 'I card-case and small trinket box. The clergyman's warden, on behalf of his colleagues and th parishioners, thanked I Bishop Barker for presiding, knowing how much thoirlittle I gift was enhanced in value coming from his hands. The I Bishop expressed the pleasure he felt at being present, The 1 Doxology was sung, the president offered up a suitable I prayer and closed the meeting with the Benediction. The j school was gaily decorated for the occasion, and was um- j usually crowded. ' \ Ekilatum.-In our Wool, Tallow, and Hides article, of the reported sale of upwards of ltWbales of wool in grease should have been quoted as the 7. in triangle brand, and not I) in a diamond. The Gas Company to understand that Mr. J. N. Wark, for some years past engineer for the Auckland Gas Company, was yesterday appointed Engineer of the Australian Gas Light Company, in place of the late Mr. T. E. Jones, whose remarkably sudden death we announced a few weeks time. The Highland Gathering We are requested to direct attention to the sports at he Albert Cricket Ground to-day, under the direction of the Highland Brigade. The programme, published in our advertising columns, is a very attractive one indeed, in which several novelties in athletic exercises are introduced. The Wesleyan Church, JackviIiLb Reached portion of the report of the laying; the foundation stone of the Wesleyan Church, Sackville each, from a correspond- ; ' >. cat, has been (taken exception of by another corrsspon- > > i dent, who gives his account of what took place, and asserts . shut the teacher spoken of as having been expelled from the meeting was so abusive arise render his expulsion,, ., justifiable. I , , , 7, , i THE CONTRIBUTIONS TO MR MELBOURNE PUBL ' ' Libary. The Argus, of Monday, says- We are re- are quested to state that amongst those who, on Mr. Tulk*», j I, late visit to Sydney, centre buteclarpoly for the benefit of A J the Public Library, was the Hit. James Martin.". ' | Land Sale, This Day, by Richardson and WftBtfCir, I l on the Ground, at Burwood! at half-past 12 o'clock, t Suburban Sites, G Y I N ,-' ?- . 11,! .^^TFoxBS.-Thoso frugivorous posts toboggan a lüllramicarnnco in great numbers in the orchards of R1 tay Pv7obcliovotaat the destruction of fruit last feW. or Isis, began their nocturnal devastations in tlKi around Sydney, and every year their ?9iSX« seem to become worse. In all pro 6-1; droUBlils which have occurred of Into Thaw Vmfavourable to the multiplication of the long continued wet weather being fatal to their in <0",!nFho droughts have also diminished the supply of «¡KjjtowT« Which they subsist, and thus no doubt that they have been driven to forage on cultivated '' J. We observe that at Parramatta a committee has ETforacd to take steps for the destruction of the prime Is, SnaUhrcepence a head is offered for all that may be fair The practice of horticulturists has been to watch S orchards at night, and to shoot as many, of the foxes SioSilhinromh of their guns. Hut it impossible Stalls 104 out all night, and if vigilance is at uU Laird the bats sweep down at the trees, and knock off JA will' their La and claws, and they destroy a' ST namely by nibbling. The nuisance is scarcely SS.' by the. method of dealing, with it, the only effectual way of stopping the depre No it would not be difficult to kill them wholesale. The S\e believe, can fly at the rate of twenty or, thirty state how, and ft person might therefore expect to have .rlnvclaconsidcrablo distance' to find out their hiding nlMca the dense brushes about George's River and in the Shean of Wollongong improbably the covert for myriads.; ThfvscBtrallv select the highest tree in the bush, and in, Îhedavlimotiioyliangiri thousands motionless and silent seen its branches. A party provided with really good trip-' grasses guns of sam t range at a little or no use might Maze away at them almost from daylight to dawn, sp lena cicadas they cling to the free. Our fruitgrowers have suffered peat pecuniary loss year after year from the destruction of their fruit by the flying foxes, and the public care had to put up with a diminished supply and an on faced price in consequence. We hope that there is public spirit enough among our fruitgrowers, to take determined measures not only for the destruction but the extermination. of these posts. Isolated effort is not likely to do much, but the evil may be remedied by organised exertion. towards night be offered for the discovery of habitats, as well as for incumbent of foxes actually killed. Dabiko Btinoi.Aia.-Tho Bathurst Times reports that the Joint Stock Bank was broken open and entered on Saturday afternoon lost in the most daring manner by some burglars, fur there must have been more than one to undertake, such an enterprise in the broad daylight and in view of the populous neighbourhood in which the bank is Bailed. The manager, Mr. Gillham, with Mrs. Gillham and the family and servant, had left the bank to visit the athletic sports, and on their return about 6 o'clock in the afternoon the burglary was discovered, the back door having been broken open. The robbers, although they to sarto have been in all parts of the house, did not have cwHn getting anything in money beyond a half sovereign hides some thirty-five cancelled notes of no value. They had attempted to break open one of the iron safes containing the treasure, but were unsuccessful. They had so tampered with the lock, however, as to have left it so that it could not be unlocked for some time and not until the outside plate over the lock had been ramrod. Beside the safe was found a skeleton key in which they had evidently tried to open the safe. The Other iron safe, the stronger of the two, had not been touched. Alongside the wife which they had tried to operate upon was a tin case containing a quantity of cancelled notes, some two or three thousand, tied up in bundles. All these had been removed apparently with the intention [taking them away, us the greater portion of them were tied up in a towel, which had been obtained either from the servant's or Mrs, Gillham's bedroom. All that they took starving them was thirty-five. Whether the cause of their, not taking the whole of them was owing to their loving been disturbed or to their discovering that they were valueless, and therefore only likely to prove an in rembrance to them, it is difficult to say. If for As latter must, it appears singular that they should take away any of them, while to suppose that they were disturbed and left them in the hurry of getting away ignorant of their being valueless is hardly consistent with the daring manner in which they effected an entry. The back door had apparently been prized open with a crowbar or some iron instrument equally effective. The lock by which the door was fastened is a common one. the apple of which had been wrenched away. The burglars took away, in addition to the valueless notes, three leather bags full of the refuse of gold clearing, which were all sealed up and watch they doubtless fancied were full of the genuine metal, and also a revolver which Mr. Gillham always kept loaded in one of the pigeon holes at the back of his table. No idea is entertained as to how long the burglars were in refuses the premises, or at what hour they entered or No clue has been obtained as yet of the guilty parties, are believe, although even if there had been, it is not likely that the public would know anything about it, the police being too careful in such an important matter to allow a unable to be dropped that could possibly frustrate their endeavours to discover them. It is evident, however, that the burglars are no strangers in the town, or at all events that they have been in league Kith parties who have a thorough knowledge of the neighborhood, for the door by which the burglars entered can be seen by the occupants of a number of houses at the beck, who, with one exception, were all away from home tl«t»flernoon. The fact of their not having managed to heal open the safe also leads to the impression that they two not the most skilful of professional burglars, unless it was that they were interrupted in their work and hurriedly made their exit. Persons in business will have to be very careful that they do not have any of the bud notes which were taken away passed upon them. We hear that some if than have already found their way into circulation. ' A Master assaulting ma Aithextice for the 7t6öio to on son Gagoola rather singular case was heard on Saturday last, before the Singleton Bench, as reported in the Times. One Mark Tucker, in custody, appeared to answer the charge of assaulting James Ayton, hit apprentice, on the 18th instant. George Thompson deposed : I am a sergeant of police stationed at Muswellbrook; yesterday afternoon James Ayton reported to me" at the barracks that prisoner wanted him to go and get him' some grog, and, on account of his refusing, the prisoner struck him in the face ; he said he was frightened to go back to his work, and requested me to go with him Ayton is apprenticed to prisoner ; I went back with him to the place where prisoner works ; I spoke to him about the toy, and he said he would do the same again, and at the same ' time he struck him in the face again, laying, " He must obey my orders ; " he also said he would serve me in the same way; I sent for a constable, and in the meantime prisoner wasted another apprentice to go for some porter; the apprentice refused to go, and the prisoner threatened to strike him, and said you are bound to obey my orders ; when the constable arrived X arrested the prisoner and confined him in the lock-up ; he was very violent but after- wards got quiet ; the publicans and spirit merchants are prohibited from supplying him with fermented or spirituous liquors, and his servants and apprentices have been cau- tioned not to get him any. 13y prisoner : You did want a second apprentice to go for porter. Their Worships told prisoner that although an apprentice was bound to obey all lawful commands of his master, yet in this case, knowing there was a prohibition out against him, the command was unlawful, and therefore the assault unjustifiable Fined 20s,, or forty- eight hours in the lock-up. Attempted incendiarism. The correspondent of the Bathurst Free Press states that a dastardly attempt was made a few nights ago by some evil-minded person to burn into paddocks and two flocks of sheep belonging to Mr. James Hargan, who resides at Reedy Creek, near Number One Swamp, by setting fire to his paddock fences in the dead hour of the night, when all the family had retired to rest, after a hard day's work. Fortunately Mrs. Hargan was awoke by one of her children, when, perceiving an un 'ysual light shining through the window, she roused the inmates of her house ; they immediately rushed out, and saw the fence burning away at a rapid rate, and if it had not been cheated the fire would quickly have consumed a splendid paddock of wheat, and no doubt would also have destroyed a large number of sheep, as it was making for the jOIVc eir yards; but by the great exertions of Mr. and Mrs. Hargan and their children, the fire was extinguished without injuring the crops or the sheep. So great were the exertions used by Mrs. Dargon (who was near her confinement) to save the whole of nor property from being destroyed, that shortly after the an ITS put out' "has taken ill and delivered of a still-born child. Sergeant Morris and trooper Ri ley have been using every exertion to discover the party who set the fence on fire, but have not yet succeeded. Harvest at Rockley. We are informed (says the Bathurst Times) that, notwithstanding the severe drought which has visited the greater part of the district, the land in the vicinity of Hockley has been singularly fortunate, that cane crops in that locality are looking exceedingly well,' and aunt they are now ready for harvesting. The farmers, however, are much inconvenienced in consequence of the want of labour to got in their crops, and it now becomes a very serious question as to what should be done under the fire"? CCS' Two C""*08 I". suggested to account for an absence of working men at. the present picture ; one or. which is that there is an impression abroad that there are absolutely no crops about Bathurst, and, therefore; no farm labourers required ; the other cause is believed to exist Zilla i-facî.thRt. the harvest in, the district (what little harvesting there is) is two or three weeks earlier this year ÍlLU.wH,.BuíwhBtevor'tho «nso.tpay be, the fact so insistent there is plenty of farm work in the neighbour- hood of Hockley for those who want employment. «VmHIîjD.?n?WNEI' IX A Funston Tuesday afternoon, ?ir»i0JlockJ^?,lilil?fMr- HiK6i?18'6' a compositor at the Braidwood JtupalehoOce, Was accidentally drowned ?.7r.%»ft»v.«wai« which was standing outside the door, toïaJAr follow M Playing with another child, and fe»mr^!dim?i.mÄ<iWÄi.erwifthis safely overload S? 5t0 in tabs The cWM was only about eighteen «Ä°ld,.,Tl10 of Mr child eavothoofarm, butty the ïiï^i,',î?tll^rea,cheahiman3Pulled higher life! was £2, Dr- Gentle was immediately sent for, but all Remedial measures were useless. to^fl^^'J8^ JocKEY. Every sporting man SÄ/,?00?!/"ihe*M\ot *W««W BwldVoA races (says essential 2¡!r,ís) by little Billy Archer, who WEST- S0I»Çf<;W weeks ago he was attacked with ïtorÎofïW'wW to,rolin,lUÎ9ll My work in the 51st VM,.,W- May where he had been employed. Be died on Monday, at the early age of seventeen. 