OUR SUMMARY. THESE are now in the Australian Colonies 8 Rom a ' 1 Catholic Bishops, 200 priests, and 400,000 members. This fact was mentioned>attlic recent Melbourne DeJ*te»er. On "tins Occasion the Hon. C. ff. : Dufly said—"there was nothing the Soman Catholic community would not suffer rather than'that'their children should not he educated in the faith of their forefathers. On .all other subjects the Soman Catholics were at one with their felloTp colonists." , Hon. Mr. O'Shannasy said, " it was apeculiarity of the Soman Catho-* lies that at meetings of tms sort they never indulged in any uncharitable remarks, or said anything that could in any way offend any other class of the community." Charles Smith, who appears to h&e; done a good deal in the thieving line of late, was convicted of two separate offences of this nature at the Bathnrst Assizes, and sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment. Pearson, who has been convicted of the murder of Constable M'Cabe, and sentenced to death is thus described bv a person who was present, at his trial:—In demeanor, Dr. Pearson was most stolid; his nerves, notwithstanding his •critical position, appeared unshaken, and a sentence which failed not to bring tears to the eyes of those present, left him unmov-ed. In appearpenetrating; in feet he is evidently a man po •sessing intellect above the average, who hi thrown away his advantages. The proposition before the Victorian Legislature is to pay the members a guinea a. day for four months. If the session be extended beyond that period honorable members must bear their own expenses. That's the law in Kentucky, and 6ome other of the Ameriean States. It costs ten shillings to beat a man with a hunch of sausages in the city of Melbourne. Too much laudanum will <juict even the noisiest singer. Lucy Carter tried the experiment in Melbourne and was buried the next day. The Water Police Magistrate says^the people of Sydney are so constituted that th^F cannot Tcsist temptations to pilfer. And so he has directed the police to prosecute all shop-keepers who expose their goods outside:—thus tempting passers-by to petty larceny. One day last week a woman asked the Magistrate at the Central Police Court to send her to gaol for a month that she might receive protection, but the Magistrate said ne had no power to comply with her request. Whereupon the woman became noisy andusedobscene language, thereby compelling his Worship to lock her up at least for the present. Will not this occurrence furnisih matter for serious reflection? Ihe Bathnrst Times has become acquainted with a live ghost. The spectre haunts a particular tree, is phosphorescent, and makes the air resound with frightful fneh shrieks, yells, and groans. A party of gentlemen went out a few nights since to make the acquaintance of the ghost, but they have never been heard from since. A Chinaman recently sold a woman aj; Maitland Point a parcel of sand and stones ror £67. She thought she was buying gold, and did not discover her mistake until the scoundrel had disappeared. The police are in -pursuit. Eev. William Taylor, the Eevivalist, who created quite a stir in Sydney, a year or two since, has returned to the colony. A man was arrested at Coonabarabran the other day, charged with an unnatural offence. He was locked up. Mr. Plunkett's death was briefly announced in our last. He departed this life in Melbourne, on Sunday, May 9th, aged 67. Of one so well known and so generally respected it is needless to say a word. His memory will be long cherished by the people of New South Wales amongst whom he spent the greater part of his life. The Barb is no't to leave the -colony after all^j He has been purchased by Mr. Eeynolds of Tocal for.£2000. ^ A statement was made some time since that small-pox had heen disseminated through Victoria by means of tea brought in the Avon Yale '—the vessel by whichtait will be remembered this disease was intrraiuced. The matter was referred to the "Chief Medical Officer"—whoever that person may be—and this functionary reported that " tea is not capable of conveying small-pox by contagion"—a statement whicl may be literally true and yet very deceptive. Dried tea-leaves enclosed in a tight leaden case are not very likely to have been infected, although even this is not impossible, but the matting which invariably surrounds tea-chesty, is far more capable of conveying infectionaBom place to place than many articles of funfflSire which are habitually destroyed when takenfrom the apartment of a victim to this disease. Most decidedly we would not permit a chest of tea branded " Avon Vale" to be brought upon our premises until it had undergone a thorough fumigation. Stevenson, the great book-maker, lately committed suicide by cutting his throat—an appropriate termination of the life of a professed gambler. Miss Allardyce who married a man named Mitchell, has been divorced; -She lived*witBhim only six days, during which period she discovered that he was an impostor, and at once sought the protection of the law. A woman who had been insane sixteen years recovered her senses a few days before her recent death. This circumstance is spoken of in the newspapers as very uncommon, but wc have heard of such cases before. Eowdyism has now become a general attendant upon public meetings held for political purposes m Victoria. Decent people now find it best to leave public affairs under the exclusive control of the worst portion of the population. A butcher was lately anticipated by one of his pigs. He intended to kill the boar, but the tables were turned, and the boar nearly killed him. The interference of the butcher's wife, who rushed into the pig-sty armed with a pitchfork. turned the balance, and Mr. Elsworth escaped with his life ; but he will bear to his dying day the scars of serious wounds incurred in this affair. The members of the Intercolonial Commercial "Conference have adopted resolutions in favor of a Customs' Union, a free interchange of colonial products, uniform tariff, and a reduction of telegraphic charges. Eev. G. L. Nairn has at length been fully admitted as a minister of the Presbyterian church. He is, at present , assistantto Eev. Dr.Fullerton. We are sorry to observe that a nice lady lost all her amiability last week, came a Stormer. When Mr. Vale resigned the Bcntlic occupied as a member of Parliament, and went down to oppose Mr. Jones, he was met by an angry and excited multitude, who refused even to hear him 6peak. When he attempted to address a crowded assemblage he was again and again grossly insulted, and had at last to address himself only to the repgrters, trusting that the public would read what they would not allow him to utter. He was probably disapjiointed even in this, for the twice-expelled Jones was again triumphantly returned. Tho Burrangong Argus gives the particulars of an amusing race which recently came off between two butchers—the prize being 320 acres of land. It seems that they both Went' to the Land Office ,about the same time and tendercd their respective cheques for thfr sam e selection. The Clerk would probably have accepted either, but, in order to avoid all appear* ance of partiality, he said that on this occasion he must have ready money—" To the first who came with cash the land should be sold." And then the face began. Each started for his bank as if life and death were dependant • upon his speed. The lean man fairly flew over the ground, but the fatter got winded, and had the mortification to return just in time to be a minute too late. So much for obesity. iposed to be connected with the Groulburn maiTrohbery have been arrested twenty miles beyond Braidwood. •• John Kingsland's hotelat Araluen has been robbed. AlotofmoneyWd some watches Were taken away. The overland mail from Melbourne was recently robbed and the letters, after having been opened, were destroyed. Dr. Berncastle was sueJ at Gawler town for a most unskilful operation. He settled the matter by paying the damages claimed-; but other actions were threatened. The doctor seems to have been very unfortunate in South Australia. The Southern Sailway Line has been much injured by the recent rains. It is thought that the repairs -cannot be completed in time for the opening to Goulburn on the day previously appointed. But this cannot yet he determined. The first annual meeting of the Clarence Sugar Mawj&cturing; Association was held early in. May. ^It seems that the subscribed capital of the Company is £2,150, of which there has been paid up £1,208. £430 remain to be called up, and £512 are due on calls hitherto made but not responded to. The machinery, buildings <fcc. are to cost £3,189, the formation of the company occasioned an expenditure of £96 16s.; the site cost £61; and expenses to the present time amount to £66. Putting these items together they show that the company has contracted to pay, upwards of £3,400; and that when all its •shares shall have been fully paid up, the company will commence with a debt of nearly thirteen hundred pounds. There must also be some •otlier outstanding engagements not mentioned in -this report, for the Secretary said it would be necessary to sell £1600 worth of additional shares to cover all the company's liabilities. It was stated that the mill would be ready at the commence- ment of the approaching .crushing season. All the evidence has now been taken in what will long be remembered. as the " Great Will Case." It seems that Dr. Mitchell, an old colonist, and a wealthy man, became, while quite in his dotage, greatly infatuated with a foreigner, who pretended to be very wealthy. He engaged in various operations with this person; paid aaanv thousands of pounds for him; and was finally induced, just £efore*his death, to make will, constituting him sole executor, and placing the management ofhis estate entirely under idi his control. The will is disputed by Mrs. 1! Mitchell, and the evidence, as reported, leaves no doubt on our mind that the interests of justice require it to be set aside. The verdict of the juiy has not yet reached us. On Saturday evening Mr. G. T. Eobinson, of Yass, killed-a bullock, two years and a-half old, weighing 7121bs. It was bredhy Mr. T. Walsh, of the Murrumbidgee. Dr. Beatty, late ofGrenf ell, but who has lately been following the practice of his profession on No. 8 section of the Great Western Sailway, was found dead in bed on Monday morning last. It is believed that he died from the rupture of one of the blood-vessels of the brain. A duck with two heads was hatched a few days ago in the farm yard of Mr. H. Commerford, of Boolong. The bird was quite dead when taken from the shell. Some burglars recently broke into a store in Wisconsin, and the gas being shut off, they used lights made from five-dollar greenbacks. It thus cost them ten pounds to break "open a safe in which they found less than ten pence._ "What brought you to prison, my colHed friend?" " Two constables, sah." "Tes. but had intemperance anything to do with it f" " Yes sah, dey was bofe»P'em drunk." The Illinois Houee of Representatives has been the first assembly of the kind to legislate for fun. A number of comic statutes were passed some time ago, one of which was. a bill for " a complete reversal of the relations of the sexes." It vested " all political, civil, and social power irrevocably in tne female portion of -the population above sixteen years, conferred upon the same part of the population the exclusive right to eifcort men, hold property, propose marriage, and keep late hours." Men were delegated to householdand feminine offices, and to the wearing of articles of costume hitherto characteristic of the weaker sex. " In a letter from a military officer of rank to a gentleman residing in Dunedin, dated the end of January, the writer says that it is stated in military circles that Lord Napier of Magdala, is to be dispatched to New Zealand, where heis to organize a native force." It is contemplated by the admirers of Hum- boldt to eelebrate the centennial anniversary of his birth, the 14th o£>3eptember next, by erecting a suitable monument ot marble in Central-park, New York. It was telegraphed from New York on March 25, that ex-President Johnson was dead. This needs confirmation. A telegram from Sydney in Tuesday's Maitland Mercury, supplies tne Ratifying information that the jury in the great will case found for Mrs Mitchell upon all the issues. The Governor and Ministry left Tuesday night, to open the Northern way ~ ' insion. ENGLISH SERFDOM.—"Within the last thirty or forty years a system has spruug up in some counties of working young girls and children in what are called gangs. The children so employed vary from six to fifteen years of age, with a con sidcrable jjBmber of young women added to them. A IM£ called a gang-master, hires these children from their parents, and sub-lets them to farmers; he makes his own profit by getting the children for less than he charges the farmer for them; he charges the farmer by tho day 8d or lOd per head, large and small, or about 14s per score. • The wages are paid to him. The gang- master's principal source of profit is to take work fr6m a farmer by contract, when the gang-master makes his profit in great part by pressing his gang to the Utmost of their strength. In some cases the wretched littlo beings are then kept up to their work by flogging, for it is when executing work by the piece that his vigour as a taskmaster comes into play. Not only are tho unhappy children kept at full stretch whilst at their work, with the shortest possible intervals of interruption, but to all this has to be added the length of their walk to and from work. These distances arc often almost incredible. A miserable little girl of six had to walk eight miles to her work, to work from 8 to half-past 5 for fourpence, and then to walk home 8 miles, or be partly dragged, partly carricd there by her little sisters. The public gnnff* masters are usually described as being in most cases men of indolent and drinking habits, in some cases men of notorious depravity, and as being very rarely capable or desirous of exercising a beneficial influence over those under them." A meeting of flic Council of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales was held on Wednesday, when the names of nearly 100 new members, elected since the previous meeting, wcro read over, and other important business transacted. 