WHALLEY AND NEWDEGATE. Since Bernal Osborne lost his seat we have experienced a dearth of humour and banter in the House of Commons. However, the cold for malities; of St. Stephen's are berimes enlivened by the serio-comic utterances of the member for North ^Warwick and the broad humour of the member for Peterborough. It is a great pity that, nature has not fashioned them more physically alike, as they are Parliamentarilv similar. If this only had happened what an ad mirable pair of political Dromios would not the British House of Commons possess ! Like the scissors, ,. Whalley and Newdegate work on one pivot ; in points they differ, but: they unite at ends. ' Since poor Spooner gave up the ghost Maynooth has lost its most formidable, Quixote. The late member having made ho Parlia mentary will, his mantle was ; seized on, at the same time by Newdegate and Whalley, and aa far as we can ascer tain, in; the .consequent wrangle for pos session each member secured a half. ? Both mem bers for Borne years have considered themselves leaders of a certain violent section of the Pro testant mind, and the annual windmill which both of them fight against is the College of Maynooth. . The destruction of this peat-house of the priesthood — to use some of their own choice language — should be accomplished. It is a nursery of priestcraft, and a nest where the embryo of sedition are hatched. Nothing would put it out of the political Paganini's mind but that the priests are at the bottom of everything, and nothing would put it into Newdegate's mind that anything good could come through Rome or out of Maynooth. Both members enjoy their hobby, and matters would jog along pretty plea santly for their supporters if the two members of the one political kidney were not so mortally jealous of each other's ability. Here is the rock on which they both split. Whalley thinks his colleague (Newdegate) wishes to snuff him out, and Newdegate won't lead because Whalley won't be driven. Newdegate accuses poor Whalley of bringing Protestantism into dis repute by his advocacy of it since the death of Spooner, and Whalley retaliates by saying that if he has brought Protestantism into disrepute it is his friend Newdegate who is responsibln for the calamity, and that it was Newdegate who ad vised him (Whalley) to lead the opposition against Maynooth, and that he not only never gave him a word of advice, but that he had shamefully deserted him (Whalley) when the brunt of the battle came. It is amusing, no doubt, to the outside public to read the speeches of these rival senators of Protestantism in St Stephen's. On the score of humour the palm must be accorded to Whalley, for his humour is most provoking. His rival more ofben displays a practical turn of mind amid all his irrelevance. We hope it will never become necessary for the Government to pass a special bill to exclude these two bickering, though hannlsss and honest members from the House. With all their antics I and vagaries we would not like to see them con signed to the Vahalla of B)res. As members they were wisely designed to perform some nee essary function in the economy of Parliamentary '' legislation, though what the precise nature of ' this something is we don't know. They exist j for their uses, however ; and whether they throw J ridicule on Protestantism, create laughter, attack \ Irish windmills, or enliven the dull benches of i St. Stephen's in the small hours of the morning, ! we hope that they will be let burnout their Par- ? liamenbary tapers undisturbed. They have be- j come institutions, and, like the old apple- woman ] who may be seen under the porch of more than ; one public institution plying her trade unchal- j lenged by the officious 'Bobby,' while that in- ? dividual is a few yards farther on making a raid ' on the orange and flower girls, long may incom- ; parable Newdegate and the inimitable Whalley ? enjoy a carte blanche to act the Dromios of the ! House, performing their ' Comedy of Errors ' ; to an appreciative and admiring audience. — Vni- j versal News. ! ~»— — . ? r 