Tub second visit of Pjiinc» Alfred to this colon' is sufficiently advanced to afford tho opportunity of contrasting; ill's reception with that which lie re ceived when lie first iirniin-ht the finlnten into Hobson's Bay. On the whole it may be conceded that not only the general population but civic authorities have realised the marked difference between the significance attached to the first visit and tho ordinary cha racter of tho present mere friendly call which the royal captain of the Galatea has made whilst, in this part of the world. New Zealand and Queensland are the real objects of tho present crnise of the Galatea in these waters, and to those colonies will belong; the honour of supplementing; the rig-ht loyal recep tion which the Duke ot Edinburgh received last year from South Australia, Victoria, Tasmania, and New South Wales. Tho. last-mentioned colony holds a rather peculiar position with respect to this second visit of the Duke of EmNBunoiT. Apart alto gether from the painful reminiscences of the former visit, and the abrupt termination of the cruise of the Galatea which was caused thereby, there are circumstances connected with party politics in New South Wales which invest the approaching visit of the Duke of Edinuoroh to Sydney with unusual interest. It is scarcely to be expected that the population of Sydney will follow tho reasonable examfile set them by the citizens of Melbourne. The state of tho public mind duly con sidered, it is only reasonable to antici pate a popular ovation on the ono side, which, under the circumstances, will be entremely embarrassing and annoying to the party in power. It is to be hoped that, however strong party feel ing may run at the present time in Sydney, nnd how?y?r njujh tho at tempted assassination of the Pri<CE has been entangled with political dif ferences, at least during his short- visit all parties will agree to abstain from demonstrations of u party or offensive nature. In a few days the Duke of EDiNnunG'i's short visit to this colony will tenninq.te, and we shall all join in giving him hearty cheers ancl good wishes for a prosperous voyage, and then our attention will be more critically- direoted to watch the events as they occur in tbe other colonies which in due course will he readied by the royal visitor. There has arisen, however, an im pression among the more thoughtful of the population, that this repetition of a royal visit to the Australian colonies, taken in connection with the establish ment of the Dominion of Canada, has a wider and deeper significance than hflfi Vfifc llPfm nrlinit-t-Ofl Tf. umnlrl e-anw. as though the policy of disintegration, whicli a few years since was openly avowed, ancl almost insisted upon by the leading statesmen of Great Britain, was to be replaced by tho more comprehensive nnd statesmnniilco policy of cohesion. Tha colonial pos sessions of Great Britain, the most populous ancl valuable of them at least, have been founded, developed, colonisod ancl governed by the people themselves, without either mental or material aid from the Imperial Government. It is not strange, therefore, that tho Colonial Office should systematically have blun dered over every attempt to influence or direct either the material or policical development of communities whose sell-reliant characteristics were neither understood nor appreciated. When, therefore, they reached that stage of growth denoting either closer union with the interests, opinions and defences of the mother-country, or else total and entire separation, the'Colonial Office ancl the superficial opinion of the period selected the latter alternative as at once the most easy and decisive in getting rid of tho difficulty. The world witnessed tho strango ano maly of a powerful empire, which had waged bloody wars and expended millions of treasure to obtain insigni ficant colonial possessions among foreign races ancl in isolated portions of the world, suddenly turning its hack on its cherished traditional policy, and offering ol its own free will to abandon Canada ancl Australasia, which with India form the real glory nnd strengtli of :British enterprise, ihe temporary aberration of the national miud which such suicidal views indicated lias been replaced by a more enlightened policy. The success which lias attended' the inauguration of tho Dominion of Canada seems to have inspired the'politicians and' -statesmen ol' Great Britain with higher and nobler views with respect to I tho future of- the empire, of which Great Britain itself only forms a part. Consolidation -'and cohesion are tore- place disaffection and disintegration as tho Imperial policy of tho future, and the repeated visit of the Duke of Edinburgh to this portion of the world is regarded 'as having some significance in the same direction. The enlargement of the order of St Michael and St George, and its extension to the inhabitants of these colonies, is also rightly regarded as another silken thread in that cord of union ancl sympa thy which experience proves is infinitely more effective in restraining and con straining power than the strongest bonds of iron and steel, defended by needle guns and rifled cannon. Thus it would appear that we are entering upon a closer and more honourable union with the heart of the oinpire. It is no longer to be a cold frigid policy of isolation which is to confront us on all hands. A recognition of equality and the display of genial sy npathv will pre cede that closer union which "race, lan guage, "and a common interest render Wiso and desirable. Whilst current events indicate a policy of this nature, time and circumstance, together with tho development of public opinion amongst ourselves, must determine its ultimate success and its rate of progress. If con tinued in a wise and liberal spirit, and if it simply appeals to the' intelligence and self-respect of the inhabitants of these growirg communities, there cannot be a doubt that in its higher aims and nobler aspirations it will ultimately develop into decisive success. It is the desire and the direct interest of every man of British descent that tho kindliest feelings should prevail among the scattered detachments of the race in all portions of the world. The policy of the Imperial Government can form a bond of union in this direction, apart altogether from special political de velopments or forms of government. Time and distance may develop changes in policy, government, and political relationship, hut all these, and even more important changes, aro quite compatible with the closest bonds of union, not only between the mother country and her respective colonies, but also among the colonies themselves, if such union is founded on the full reali sation and practical application through out the Queen's dominions of a common sentiment of nationality and patriotism. "We understand that tho namo of Mr. Ware, at present on tho roll of territorial magistrates, has been submitted to His Excellency the Governor, with tho view to tho removal of that gent'eman from the commission of the peace Tho cause of this will bo clear to those of our readers who remember the circumstances con nected with charges of land dummyism in the Westerndistriot. Mr.WAER hadcerti bed to a declaration as having been made before hiai, when nothing of the kind hud taken place, the consequonca being that tho prosecution for perjury which had been contemplated was necessarily aban doned. A statement which appears in this morn ing's issuoof the "Argus," with respect to the registration of electors for the Le gislative Council, is calculated to mislead, if not contradicted It is assumed that as the property qualification of electors will be hereafter regulated by reference" to tiie municipal rate beefy that tliejefeie namcB will be put in the olcctoral lists without personal application for an elec tor's right, as heretofore. This is not so There has been no alteration whatever in the mode of registration, and every quali fied person must make personal applica tion to tho registrar of his district for an electoral right. The Assistant-Commissioner of Crown Lands will sic as a commission on Friday next, at Sandhurst, to hear and determine applications to occupy land under tho 42nd section of the Amending Land Act. In order to accommodato the more dis tant portions of the district another com mission will be held at ltushworth in about a fortnight. It is not anticipated that tho Legislative Council will sit long this afternoon, unless the Supply Bill from the Assembly is sent up in timo to deal with .it to-aay The only business on the notice paper is confined to Mr IIighett. who is to ask tho honourable member representing the Government. '"When the return to an order of tho House made on 10th Septem ber, 1868, for certain information, regard ing tho issue of froe railway passes will bo laid on the table " He is also to move : That tho letter of tho Chief Se cretary, laid on tho tablo of tho House on tho lGtli iDstant, requesting the Council to aid the Government in the measures being taken for tho reduction of tho Public Expenditure, bo now taken into consideration. In the Legislative Assembly probably the sitting will be a short 0110, so as to enable the House to rise sufficiently in time to allow tho honorablo members making due preparation for the official dinner given by His Excellency at Toorak. Mr Har bison is to ask tho Honorablo the Attor ney General Whether tho law is now in force for preventing tho destruction of sparrows, hares, &<s ; nnd if so, whether it is the intention of tho Government to introduce a measuro for its repeal Mr Bowman has also given notice of his in tention to ask tho Honourable the Minis ter of Justico : When itis his intention to lay upon tho table of tho House the vcturr.s relative to the appointment of magistrates After this, the resolution of Committee on tho Supply Bill is to bo reported, aud farther action taken. It is very likely that all the notices of motion will be post poned, as among thorn aro somo certain to provoke discussion. Mr Whiteman moves i'or two select committcos, ono on the dismissal" of Martin Fitzgerald from tho Telegraph Department/the other to enquire generally into .the claims of Mr Thomas Bury, for delays in deliver ing to him a coal mining lease. Mr Bowman also moves for comprehensive returns from the Telegraph Department, and Mr MLellan is to move "That, consider.ng the conflicting reports from two gentlemen holding high positions in tho service of tho Victorian Government respecting tho capacity, durability, and financial prospects of the Coliban water scheme, it would be unwise to enter into any further contracts for the completion of tho works, until this Ilouso has had an opportunity of expressing its opinion as to I the management and utility of tho under- taking." It is not probable, however," that tho House will'deal with these this afternoon. . A deputation waited to-day on the Com missioner of Kail ways and Koads, intro ducod bv Mr Kiddell, M P , ond Mr King. MP, to request that a sum of £1000 should be appropriated towards the expenre of rebuilding tho bridge at Bulla It was stated that tho estimated cost was £3000- Mr Jones promised the amount asked for out of £12 000 provided on tho estimates for such works, if the Legisla tive Assembly passed that grant without reduction. An illustration of tho evils arising out of local government in small isolated locali ties has recently come to light. Certain inhabitants of Woodond presented a peti-, tion to tho President of Lands and Survey, complaining of the way in which grants of land for botanic gardens, racecourse, and recreation purposes had been diverted from their legitimate purposes, and ro- 3 nesting that the same might bo sub- ivided, nnd thrown open under tho 42nd section of the Amending Land Act. Under direction from Mr. Grant, tho Assistant Commissioner visited tho spot, in order to ascertain the truth or other wise of tho charges made. The result of this visit has been that the racecourse and recreation roservo. except a small portion, and tho botanical gardens reserve, has been rccomnlonded to be open to ocoupation under tho 42nd Section. Mr Hodokikson found tho land granted for botanical gar dens let to a farmer who had ploughed eveiy aero of it, and of course cut down tho trees. Tho other reserve htd not been used for its legitimate purpose during tho last three years, but bad been lot to a butcher for a period of six years, who had used it for pasturo ground for cattlo, many of which were quite wild, thus_ altogether closing it to the general public. Both reserves consist of tho very richest land, which will bo readily under stood when wo state that tho applicants nre satisfied with subdivisions of about eight acres each. Another reservo in the samo neighbourhood was dealt with ino similar way. The Assembly has promptly responded to tho invitation to take immediate steps to remove tho inconveniences of the present involuntary dead- !pk To-day tho last stage of- tho Supply Bill will bo reached, and tho measuro transmitted to tho Legislative Council. How will it bo dealt with by the Legisla- lative Council ? The Governor will- be ready to affix his signature if tho gentle men of the Council have thought proper to transact the little formal business required ' of them. It is, of course, a serious matter to vote off hand half a million of money, hut claims are accumulating against tho Government, and innocent persons are suffering inconveniences for want of their salaries Probably tho members of tho Council will understand that tho present is not a fit and proper time to ventilato their peculiar claims, which, already waived on two or three occasions, may reasonably await a more convenient season. The P. and O. steamship Geelong Bailed from Hobson'b Bay for Galle Hub aftornoon at two p.m. Among the passengers from Sydney was Lord Somorvillo, a gentleman who has been for some years engaged in sngar-planting nt Port Macquarie, Now Sonth AVaies, end who has succeeded to tho tills in consequence of the death of tho late lord, who wob killed while hunting in Rutlandshire. The present lord was horn in 1833, nnd ie tho eon of tho Hon. and Rev. William Somerville, who wus ancle to tho late bearer of the title. The MolbGurno paCBengers were unusually numerous, and in- ' eluded amongst others Colonel Stephens, of the Bengal Cavalry, who has for Botno timo been a resident in Victoria, nnd who wae ono of tho founders of the Society for tho Relief of the Bdnoated Poor: Coknel Nasmytli, Bombay ftfmy ; Capln'a Norm&O;, Ot the Yiotorion navy, who proceeds to England for tho purpose Of bringing ont tho ironclad monitor Cerberus; end Mr W. P. Muir, ol tho Land Mortgago Bank, who is about visiting England on business con nected with tho institution. A largo nnpiber of persons went on board tho Geelong to bid ndien to their friends, and tha scene on board was very bustling. Tub Board of Inquiry into tho management of the Government Printing Office meet this afternoon at half-post three, in tho library, when it is likoly they will conclude their labours. Stinks.— Mr Thomas, landlord of tho Hull and" London hotel, was fined £4, with £2 2s costs, in tho -District Court this morning, for having engaged two men, James Ekaman and , Joseph Lee, to empty a water- closet into Bonrka street, on the morning of the 25th ult. The smell was described as strong enough tb rniBO tho scalp of a bystandor. Tho men em ployed will bo brought boforo the City Coart to-morrow. Tiie South Australians, in Sir James Fer- gason, evidently have an officer placed over them who knows how to irnvM-n Ai fi.a albyn dinner, Lieut.-Colouel Higgins ielt bis dignity somewhat annoyed by a fancied Blight put apon the volunteers uuder his nugust com mand, and in consequence dolivercd himself of a very intemperate speech, considering his Ex cellency was present. Shortly nftorwr.rds he received nn intimation from Sir James Fergu son that tho services ol himself a"nd his troop would in fnturo bo dispensed with. The Governor thus early lias given proof that ho is a disciplinarian, and is resolved to pormit no departure from what is right and proper from a military point of view. Accident , to Mr and Mrs Coppin.— Yester day, between 1 and 2 o'clock, whilst Mr Coppin was driving along tho Richmond- road, the horse took fright and became unmanagoablo, ultimately turning over tho bnggy nnd throw ing out Mr and Mrs Coppin. Mrs Coppin was asoiatod into Uio residence of M. L. ICiog, Esq-, M.P., nnd after a Bhort interval was enabled to return homo. Although shaken and braised, we are happy to state that neither Mr nor Mrs Coppin wcro seriously injurod. The Libel action brought by Mr Moses Alexander agaiust the Hon C. E. Jones will be tried on Thursday next. The ospoct of tho country, around Mary borough (says tho local paper) has been won derfully improved by, the reciiit timelr fall of rain. Whole tracts of land lying between Carisbrook and Muckleford, which u week or two ago were entirely barren, are now smiling with vegetation, nnd every thing looks fifcsk and green. At Moolort, the paddocks of the farmers will soon afford sustenance to cattle, and render ploughing comparatively easy work. Tho creeks aro aguiu -vunniug, and at soma places, such as Gamble's and at Muckleford, miniature lagoonB exist as a memento of the extensive nature of tho late visitation. SS;The Suicide at Oastlemaikb.— The coroner, Dr Mackay, held nu inquest ut tho Temperance Hotel yestorday,. on the. body of Mr Richard Hills, who shot himself on Sunday. Nothing additional was disclosed in tho ovidenco of the witnesses who. wcro examined. Dr Hutchison and Dr Mackenzie, who. made tho posit mortc7g, found the temporal bone fractured on the right side of tha head, and on the opposite side they discovered a bullet flattened and ruggeJ. The -vcrdiot returned by tho jury was to tho effect that tho deceased was thirty -oars of age, and that death was Uio result of his having shot himself while labouring under, a fit of tempor- ary losanity.- -M. A. Mail. The Case op Hodus.— Tlio whole of the evidence in the cose of Hobbs, cbargod with the manslaughter of Doyle, has boon gone kito agaiu do 71000 by the Penshurst Benoh on Fri day last. The only additional testimony is by ' Way of Bnpplying-a connecting link to com- ploto tho identification of Doylo as tho man who received tho injarieB at' Peashnrst, and subsequently died in Hamilton Hospital. Hobbs deolined to make any statement, and was committed to Inlro his trial at tho next Hamilton General Sessions. Bail was ten dered, nnd tho Bench having nccoplcd tho snretier, Hobbs was Again released from ens- tody. Tho wliolo proceeding secmB to ns qnite irreVnlnr. ond we shall continue to think so until a fnrliicr explanation is made. — Hamilton Spectator. The Board of Inquiry into tiie Victorian Water Supply scheme met this morning nt ten o'olock, nnd wero Bitting when wn went to press. Wo understand Mr Christopherson bns been undor examination to-day. The weekly report of tho Melhourno Hospital shows the admittance of 72 new patients. Thero have been 11 deaths, and G1 have been dis charged. In out-patients, 228 now cases have been dealt with, and 169 casualties. The number of patients now in the hospital amount to 379. . The result of Mr Hodgkinson's visit to Wood- end, in his official capacity, has been tho open ing for selection under tho 42ad clause of the Amending Lend Aot of nenrly the wholo of Woodend racecourse roservo, nnd nlso of tho reservo known cs the Botanical Gardens ; also, that the wholo of tho lauds in question liavo been annlied for bv residents in tho district Kynoton Observer. Hoxouns in Perspective.—1 Tho Bendigo Advertiser says n rnmonr was current in Sand hurst yesterday, but wo can scarcely credit its truthfulness, that His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh has been commissioned by Her Majesty to confer tho "now order " of knighthood on tho following persons; The Iiod. Mr M'Gulloub, Chief Secretary ; Mr Butters, ex-Mayor of Melbourne ; Mr do Bruce Johnstone, ex-Mayor of Geelong; Messrs Stcnfieid nnd Davy, ex-Mayors of Bnllurat East and West; and Mr John H'Inlyre, ox- Mayor of Sandhurst. Mr H. E. Paine, of Melbourne, has pre pared a model of tho " Wolcomo" nugget found at Bullarut in 1858, and is exhibiting it in the window of Mr Anderson, the jewollcr, in Bourke-slreet, whero it attracts a considerable crowd o.f admirers. Review at Ballarat.— Last sight a meeting was held at tho Camp hotel, Ballarat, of officers and non-commifsionoil'' officers of the Bnllarat Troop Prince of Wales Light Horse and Bal larat Volunteer Rifies, to consider tho advisa bility of holding a review at Ballarit on the 8th or 9th instant. Stops ware tnken to obtain tho concurrence of the Colonel Commandant, and to endeavour to secure the patronage of H.R.H. tho Dako of Edinburgh. From a re port presented, there appears to bo no difficulty in the way of providing means of entertainment for about 1500 men, the number expected to be present.— Courier. Fiji.— Quito a good sized hatch of Albury residents, pilgrim fathers, and single men, will soon start f«r the Fi j i Islands. The last news' reports homesteads destroyed, and native labourers on plantations tomahawked by their copper- coloured relatives ; but wo aro informed on good authority that the particular islando'to which tho Alhury people aro bonnd have not been the seeno of any such outrage. — Albury Banner. Geelono Races. — A meeting of Btewards of tho Geelong Racing Club was hclu yestcrdny at the Victoria Hotel, nt which it was resolved that, as Boveral owners of horses have not com pleted thoir qualifications, a list of them should be forwarded to tho weigher, and that no boras should ho allowed to run whose owner hud ne glected to fnlly comply with tha regulations regarding qualification. Mr D. M. Barry iuti- muted to tho meeting that ho had. visited the course and found everything being carried nil satisfactorily. His Excellency Sir J. H. T. Manners Sutton has intimated his intention of beingpresent st the CeeloDg race3 on both days. . Tnn M. A. Mail soys that MrF.Conrtin, J.P., has been nominated deputy- coroner for Maldon, by Mr T. D. S, Heron, P.M. ; and such nomina tion has been approved by tho Government. Caution to Land Selectors. — We (Denili- qnin Chronicle) havo good authority for stating that tho Sydney Govornment intend to institute ihquiries as to the bona fide obaractor of all selections in this district, and that whero there sre any valid doubts as to the" gennineness, (ho selectors will he summoned to tho Supreme Court, 'Sydney, to swear to their having com plied with tho act. Mr Miller, the well known solicitor of Blaokwood, expired on Saturday last. Tho do- Ceased sustained a seveio injury nbeut the re gion of the abdomen through a fall from his horse, aud it was found nccocsary to havo recourse to a painful operation. The oporation wsb carried out successfully by Dr Smith, of Kvneton, assisted by Dr Long, of Black wood, but the patient succumbed under its in- 'flucDce. Tiie proposal to bold an Intercolonial Exhi bition in Ballarat camo beforo the Sebastopol Council last evening, says the Courier, when, after somo: discussion, tho council declined to assist in the projeot, fearing that tho expenso wonld ho great and the probability of success doubtful. A meeting is called for noon on Monday, 8bh March, at tho Forest Hotel, Border Land Mills, Bullarook, to take into consideration tho necessity of active measures being taken to form nn association for tho prevention of bnsh- fires ; to raise a fund for the roli6f of euf- fecars by tho recont fires ; and to arrange for offering rewards for tho conviction of pcrsous wilfully or negligently causing fires in the dis trict. A Sad Stouy. — A cerrcspondent of the Ben- mgu xuuepuuuuut I emiL-a ms louowing painiUl incident, which he witnessed on Snnday last at Spring Croek : — " Having occasion to call on mi old acquaintance ho tapped at the door, and a (hint voice dosircd him to go round to tho baok. Ho did so, aud espying a door hall open ho wAit in, when bis eye rested upon a coffin. Behind tho door, sittiog down with his head resting upon liio hands, « as a man emaciated and almo3t ghost-like in appearance. To tho gentleman's sympathising inquiry tho man ropl'ed that ho had bnried his wifo a few days previously, that the coffin in tho room contained IhjP remains of his son, ond that ho folt that in d low days ho should himself ' drift out to that unknown sea which is round all tho world.' Ha ascribed tho death of his wife and son, and his own illue8s, to tho effect of inhaling tho all- pervading and horrible dnst of the diggings, rrrid enr informant says 'that the Jaxt time ho saw his acquaintance (a fow weeks back) ho wss as halo and ns hearty a man ns hs would wish to see." The man: who wits nrrestod somo few days ago on Pitijeld Plains and lodged in gaol at Ballarat, on suspioion of being the mnrdera'of Ghealo nt Si. :Arntmd,. wus yesterday discharged by the polios: magistrate, as he is proved to ho tho wrong man. — Star. 