Execution of Archibald. (From the Rockhampton Bulletin, December 23.) At 8 o'clock yesterday morning the last sentence of the law was carried out on Alexander Archibald, in Rockhampton gaol. About a quarter before 8, the pri- son bell began to toll, and the mournful procession moved from the condemned cell to the enclosure where the scaffold stood. A considerable number of persons — about 100— had assembled to witness the execution, The condemned man walked into the enclosure firmly and calmly, his eyes wandering over the familiar faces gathered round the scaffold here was a look of resig- nation on his features free from any bravado, and his demeanour throughout was that of one who submitted calmly to his fate, and was prepared to accept it with fortitude and Christian reignation. The Rev. Mr. Carson talked beside the pri- soner, reading the funeral service. Behind came the Rev. Mr Jenkyn and the Rev. Mr. Hartley, and the gaol officials. Archibald was dressed in a dark tweed suit. Crimean shirt, and no necktie or collar, and wore a pair of prison shoes. He looked but little worn down by his long confinement and the mental anxiety he mist have suffered. He carried a bunch of flowers in his right hand, Under the scaffold lay ish coffin. Arrived at the foot of the scaffold, the concluding prayers of the funeral service were recited; Archibald and the officiating clergyman remaining standing according to the usage of the Presbyterian Church, to which he claimed to belong. Archibald's eyes during the recital of the service, wandered rest- lessly over the faces of the crowd, and he seemed to pay but little attention to the words of the clergyman. The condemned man then knelt down with the attend- ant clergymen, and delivered a long extempore prayer. During its delivery a constant knocking at the outer gate was followed by the measured tread of the Volunteers through the corridor of the entrance, and about sixteen members of the force, entered the enclosure under the command of Sergeant Herley and drew up at the left hand side of the scaffold, the orders being given in a loud voice, and the necessary manoeuvres being executed with a seeming indifference to the solemn scene being enacted at the foot of the scaffold— the rattling of arms felling dis- cordantly on the last words of prayer from the dying man. The police, under the command of sub-inspector Elliott, were drawn up on the right of the scaffold. Archibald prayed in a clear piercing voice, and all who heard him were sensibly affected. He said, "O Lord God ! I thank you who hast permitted me to live for twenty-eight years— the greater portion of which I have spent in sin and misery — and I thank Thee that thou hast given me a few weeks for repentance— to read Thy blessed word, and for Thy worship, O Lord, Thou hast shown Thyself to me a God of help— of strength— and of comfort I care as little for that coffin before me as for my bed. I thank thee, 0 Lord, for the discharge you bhve given me; and I hope that it may strike terror throughout the world, I have been led blindfolded (?pinioned) to the gallows ; 0 God, look down and pity me. I thank Thee for my clearance from these dreadful irons this morning; I give myself up to Thee as a living sacrifice, and pray that I may be made wholly accep- table to Thee. Hear my prayer, 0 Lord ! Go blees my wife and children— direct and protect them; 0 God, bless them. I pray for my enemies, if I have any, and for those who may have oommitted perjury and may have given false evidence against me, if they did. I ask pardon for them ; I do not curse them — any of them— I bless them in my heart: and I repent deeply for all that I have done, and I trust that they will be as freely forgiven as I forgive them. 0 Lord, I thank Thee I have not an enemy to face; oh, I hope to see all my old friends and relations in heaven. An old friend of mine was shown by me the other day a likeness of my Saviour, and in a few minutes I shall see my Saviour in reality. 0 God, have mercy on me, for my Saviour Christ's sake. Amen. Amen.'"The last amen was dwelt upon with, great fervency and apparent feeling. The Rev. Mr. Jenkyn then offered up a brief and earnest prayer. The Rev. Mr. Hartley also offered up a prayer. During this time the hangman was standing under the fatal beam, and silently waiting his victim. Archibald having completed his prayer, expressed a desire to place the flowers he held in his hand in his coffin. His request was complied with, and he, walked over from, the foot of the drop to the farther end, under the drop where the coffin lay. The lid was lifted by one of the gaol officers, and with his pinioned arms Archibald placed the flowers where his head was so toon to lie. He appeared pleased that his wish in this respect was complied with, and walked back firmly to the foot of the steps. He mounted them with a steady tread, preceded by the Rev. Mr. Carson and attended by the two other ministers, and the gaol offioiale. As he went np lit eaid — 'Thanks be to Ood I am climbing to Heaven.' On reaching the platform he was plaoed beneath the beam by the executioner, and the rope was quickly adjustea round bis neck. Before the cap wu drawn ov«r his eyes, Archibald adv&noed; to tbe front rail of the platform and eaid -'Dear friends, I wish t) Bay a few kind vrordB to you before my de parture from this wioked world I hope my end will 09 a dreadful warning not only to yon wbe hear me, but to the whole world. I will say nothing about my trial. I bless my countrymen who found me guilty, and the judge also, and bless faia soul, and God abide with him, and long may he live to administer justice and mercy. I trust that those who have committed wilful perjury against me, if they have done eo, that the Lotd wiil forgive th^m. I have prayed for them late and early, and I want to show you that there is a great d al of difference between me and a man who hss animal courage for to commit a murder. A man who has animal courage would bs able to walk up and meet his doom; but I want to (how that the strength I have is got from abevo — from the Almighty. It was not from any outward boast that any blackguard might make that I died same ; God forgive me and save me trom having a beast bting made by any blackguard that I ditd like a man, or died like a our. 1 thank God it is better than that, and I believe I meet ray dooth as a Chris tian. I trust tbat you will ail meet me in heaven. I am an uneducated man, and in a *ery painful poeiti n. 1 oannot address you in fine langnnge— only in euch as 1 have got. I trust what I say will be aooepted by tho whole of you. I trust that alt of you, and young men particularly, will fe«ep awaj- from drink, bad com pany, and Koehorses. I trust that a few eld friends that I see amongst those arousd me will give np those things, and may bcoome better man God bless you all. I pray for yoa all, and my last word is that God may make you better, and that when your time oomes you trill die with a emile on your lips as I can, X wish yeu a merry Christmas and a happy New Year 1 feel tbat I am going to have mine with the Saviour in joy. Farewell! farewell!' The cap was then drawn over his face, and he was plaeed beneath the beam. Be then aaid ' All right, good bye, father,' addressing a man named Davis in tie crowd, whom ha was accus tomed tooallbythename of father; end turning hie head aside, aaid, ' I want to say good-bye to Mr. Hartley.' He then thook h«nds with Mr. Hartley and Mr. Jenkyn. The iev. Mr Carson tben prayed— ' Into thy merciful hands 0 Lord 1 we commend tbe coal of thy servant now abont to be e«verod fram the body. Receive him, we huaWy beseech thee, O God! into the arms of thy meroy. Let net his faith waver nor his hope fail. Let him din in peaoe— rsst in heps — and rise in glory ' Then taking Archibald by the hand, he .aid:—' Dear Brother, — God, tkt Father, who bath oreated tiaee ; God, the Bon, who hath redeemed thee; God, the Hely Ghost, who hath infused His grace into thee— be now and ev»r more thy defence — assist thee in this thy last trial, and bring thee to everlasting life ! Amen 1' His Ufthand was tightly clenched, After the prayer, ht shook hands with Mr. Carson, and stood ailent a Boment. In a voice fall of emotion, be then eaid, ' The Lord have meroy on me;' and, addressing the crowd, he eaid, ' Let me hear yon eay one wurd for me —let me hear yon eay ' tbe Lord have meroy on my poor «onl' From ont the crowd there came one ananimoBs and solemn response, and as tbe words, ' The Lord have meioy on your eonl' fell on h e ear, be said, is a hoptful voice ' Thanks be te the Great God— now I dia hsppy.' He then began toother prajer-'Oh! let your hearts be in heaven. Oh! merciful God! Thou who art willing to receive — — .' At this moment the twit was down, and the soul of Alexander Archi bald was launched into eternity. He appeared to coffer no paia.deati being almost Jns'antaneouB, There wa9no oontrootien of the lower limbs, and the bedy after swaying about from left io right for a f«w second!!, neted with the face to the wall. Archibald's gnilty life was over, and the last of Hainan's murderers hid gone to his account. The body after hanging for half an hour was then cut down ; the faoe, on being unooyerei, appearing oalm and peaceful— one of the eyes wat dosed, the other partially opened. The tongue protruded slightly from tbe month, lhe bod; was then placed in the coffin, and a poet ibortem examination was held by Dr, Salruond, assisted by Dre. Thon and M'Neely. The sndden drawing of the bolt teemed to have surprised Archibald, and when he felt the drop going down he drew himself np with a startled movement. The irons were firet plaoei upon the prisoner nine weeks ago yesterday. After Ming sentenced, fears were entertained for several days that he contemplated starving himself to death. Bnt it subsequently appeared that these feus were (Kondlett. Archibald told Mr. Hartley that he had no Eucft intention, bnt that the sentence produotd eo deep Eud depreaeing an. effect on him 8B to deprive him of all appetite. Seven weeks ago Archibald was unable to read. He bad learnt tbe beneficial effects of ihs rubious mioiptritions effcrfid by tbe gentlemen attending Palmer and Williams, snd he was induced to listen more willingly to their cxhoi\aticn3. Sinoe then he tried hard to lean to rea-\ and was enabled at the last to read a chapter in the Bible. Daring the first weeks of hie confinement he appeared to sbrink with horror from the sight of the ga!Iows daring his hours of exercise in the prison yard. He afterwards became reconciled to the sight, and wihia tho last few days seemed to long for tha last hour to ootue. Of late his wife ha-1 visited him every d»y, cud prayed with him. He seemed anxious that she should joia her prayeis with hie. It is needless to remark that ehe met bis tieure in this reepeot. Mr. Carson attended him dnring Tues day forenoon, and nil wife vieitc-d him early in the afternoon. She left him about half past 4 o'clock for the last time on earth. The parting between them was very affecting. Shortly after, Mr. Jenkyn and Mr. Hartley were is attendance. They left about half-oast 6 o'clock, and Mr. Carton r.-mainea with, him far about another hour. Mr. Hartley and Mr. J.;nk?n returned 'bout 10 o'clock aud remained in the condemned coll until about 1 o'clock in tha morning, ivrchibs-ld exp e?ttd a derira tn rtiuaia ua all n;ght, but was persuaded to take fome rest. Be elept until about half-past 4 o'clock, and Mcs-ib Hartley and Jertkyn wero agaia with him at 5 o'clock, from which time until absut a quarter past 7 they reod and prayed with him, and eang the well known hymn—' There is a land of pure delight,' when the Eev. Mr. Carson arrived, end wsb engaged wife him nntil ibe irons were knocked off Daring this operation, Archibald appeared quite resigned to hie fate. He expressed himself as very grateful to all the gaol officials, especially to Mr. Donnelly for tbe kindr^e eliown him during his confinement The body was removed for interment to the- cemetery yesterday forenoon. Tke funeral was numerously sttondcj, th-j ministers who had attended him in bis laeo moments officiating on tho oocasion. Alexander Archibald wae a Dative of Forfarshire in Scotland, from wbonce he came in 1851 to JVo-r Zealand when he was ten years of age; moved after a time to Castlemaiae, then to Gipps Land, then to Melbourne and Beechwortb, and next to Thule ela tion on tho Murray, in New South Wales; then to Bendigo, where he got married in 1862 ; moved to Dunedin, in New Zealand, in 1863, and came to Eoek hampton in March. 1861. Wo understand that Archibald told a person here, fahely as it Beeme, tbat he was in South Australia before he oame to Eock hampton, and that he came np hera beoauFe whilst a youngster he bad committed an assault on a policeman on a raceconrse in Sou'.h Australia, and fled to avoid the consequences, Since he arrived here he has been engaged in horse d?aling, and at every race meeting here he was a prominent and noisy fkuro. About the end of last year he took the Lion Oreek Hotel, and it was there that the plan was matured whieh reaul ted in Halligan'a murder— and his own death on the gal lows. 