Concert at the Hospital for the Insane, Gladesville.— The first concert given for the gratifica tion of patients in any hospital for the insane in New South Wales took place on Wednesday evening last. Tho marked success which has of late years attended similar entertainments in the best-condncted establishments in Great Britain induced Br. Manning, the present superin tendent at Gladesville, to make an early effort in the some direction for the benefit and nleasore of the patients under bis care. On the present occasion he applied, in the first instance, to Mr. Fisher, vocal instructor to the Education Board, who readily undertook to organise a body of lady and gentlemen singers for the purpose ; unfortunately, however, indisposition prevented him from carrying out his plans. Mr. Hall, of George-street, was next applied to, and entered warmly into the scheme. The vocalists who accepted Mr. Hall's invitation to join him were Mi-s Wiseman, Miss Vernon, and Messrs. Chandler, Hall, Jackson, and Rudd; Mr. Backer accompanying upon the piano. The party left j Sydney at 6 p.m., and at Gladesville were met by a boat, i which landed them at the new entrance now in course of construction. A short walk brought them to the hospital, ; where, after a few minutes' respite, they proceeded to the concert halL This consisted of half a dormitory, which has been erected within the last three months, and iB an olden g structure of iron and wood. It contained seats for about 225 persons. At one end was a well-arrang-ed and furnished platform for the singers, a few chairs occupied the space immediately in front of this, and the rest of the Boor was filled by dean wooden benches. The decorations attracted the warm admiration of every one. Excellent taste wa£ displayed in their design, and, with out being overdone, their arrangement was made to harmonise with the building and occasion. It is worthy of notice that the whole of these were designed and constructed by patients, who took a warm interest n everything connected with their concert. Th* only visitors consisted of two or three friends of the vocalists and of the officers of the establishment. Every glee, solo, and chorus was enjoyed to the greatest extent. Several were encored in a manner that was irresis tible, but never uncourteous. A decided appreciation of the best music was unmistakably displayed, and the sense of enjoyment appeared to increase towards the end of the entertainment. At the sound of the well-known ' God save the Queen,' every ,ene stood up, and many joined quietly but heartily in the chorus. This well arranged and most successful entertainment terminated with & few kind and appropriate words from the superintendent to his patients, who immediately after proceeded to their quarters. After partaking of some refreshment in the Superin tendent s room, Mr- Packer, with the vocalists and their friends, proceeded to Sydney in & steamboat, liberally pro* vided for the purpose by Mr. Macarthur. Before leaving, however, they all expressed the great pleasure they had derived from the visit, and volunteered their services to Br. Manning whenever he might deem it desirable. Mr. Tlavelle, who was present, also offered to exhibit some dis solving views on a future occasion. Entertainment at St. James's School.— A very well assorted programme of songs and recitations was given on Thursday by the St. James's Social and Literary Institute. The 'Bev. 'W. C. B. Cave presided, Fatal Accident.— The inquiry respecting the death of a woman named Ann Jackson, which was commenced by the City Coroner, on Monday, at the City Arms, corner of Stanley and Crown streets, was resumed on Thursday and concluded. The deceased, with Mr. and Mrs. Thompson, and a man named Thomas Murray, had been spending New Year's Bay at Bondi. On returning home in the evening in a 6pring-cart, and whilst proceeding along Elizabeth street, an omnibus came into collision with the cart and threw the deceased out on to the pavement, thereby inflict ing an injury ot her head, which terminated in her death on Saturday last Mr. ''d Mrs. Thompson, and also Murray ,6t&tcd; iu evidence that the 'bos, which came into collision with the cart, had &o; lights exhibited, and was racing with another 'bus at the time the accident happened. The drivers of the two 'buses, and one of the passengers also, swore that they were not racing, and that both 'buses were lighted up properly. The jury returned a verdiet to the effect that deceased' e death was the result of injuries accidentally received ; and that there was not sufficient evidence to warrant them in attaching blame to either parly. Bad Fish —Mr. Seymour, the Inspector of Nuisances, on Thursday seized and brought to the Police Office, a quantity of fish, called (- Tailors,' the property of a man named Smith, of Botany, which were under offer of sale. They were putrid, and unfit for the food ef man. Br. BanBey corroborated Mr. Seymour's statement as to the condition of the fish. Their Worships, Messrs. Birrell and Smithers, gave an order for the destruction of the fish. Mr. Seymour also seized another lot of fish, under similar circumstances, the property of John Duncan. A like order was made respecting them. Count von Attemb. — A correspondent writing from Bat&via;, under date 10th December, says, 'Count von AttemB has confessed, and is to get & severe sentenoe. His yacht, the Hamlet's Ghost, has, I believe, been sold for about £200. On his way to Java he fired into a vessel for not showing her colours, and after his arrest he insisted upon the Austrian Consul sending to Singapore to inter cept an Austrian frigate and order her to come to effect his release,' Lord Napier of Magdala held his first levee on the 22nd instant, at which there was a very large attendance of Milit.ry and Naval officers and civilians. 