DISTRICT NEWS. [FROM OUR VARIOUS CORRESPONDENTS.] SINGLETON. POLICE COURT, TUESDAY,. 2ND FEB., 1869. (Before A. M'Dougall, Esq., J.P.) DRUNKENNESS -James Lugg pleaded guilty j to this offence, and being his first offence, he waB I disoharged. ALLOWING ANIMALS TO STRAY.-Jane Rus- sell and Henry Lound, for allowing one horse to stray in the streets, Singleton, were each fined 5s with 2s. 6d. court costs. EMBEZZLEMENT OF PUBLIC MONEYS. - William Geddes, in custody, was charged with embezzling the sum of £13, the property of the Government of New South Wales Sub Inspector Thorpe deposed : About six o'clock on Saturday morning last, I was informed that the toll-bar at Appletree Flat had been stuck up and robbed ; I immediately proceeded there in company with constable Smith ; I saw the prisoner at the toll-gate, Appletree Flat ; he was employed by the Government to collect tolls there ; he informed me that between eleven and twelve o'clock on the previous night two men rapped at the door of the toll-house ; that he opened the door, and immediately one of the men knocked him down ; that his head came in contact with a block of wood ; that his head was cut, and bled very freely ; he endeavoured to get up, and the man assaulted him about the body by striking him four or five times ; after assaulting him in this manner, one of the men remained at the door, and the man who assaulted him walked to the fireplace and took from a shelf money amounting to about £13 or £14, which he handed to his mate at the door ; he ' said that after the money was taken both men went away, and that during the time they were I there they made no attempt to search any other portion of the house, nor yet did they search himself in person; I asked pri- soner to show me the wound which he received on the head ; he pointed out to me the left side of the head as the plaee where he said he received the wound, and from which he said he bled very freely in the morn- ing. I examined the head and found no recent wound, there was a wound which appeared to have been received months previous, but no recent one ; I also examined prisoner's body closely, and found neither bruise or abrasion of any description ; prisoner stated after I examined him that after the men had gone away he found three half sovereigns which were dropped by them, together with some silver, and shortly after I entered the premises he picked up half-a sovereign in the doorway, and said that it was also dropped by the men ; I asked him if he had any other money in the house at the time the men were there ; he said he had £24 which was planted ; he brought the £24 out to me and handed it to Sergeant Thompson of Muswell- brook, and asked him to deliver it to Mr. Nardin, Superintendent of Roads, at Muswellbrook, as he was the officer to whom he made the payments of reoeipts at the toll-bar; I subsequently took the £24 from sergeant Thompson and banded it to Mr. Nardin, and received the receipt produced ; at the time prisoner handed the £24 to sergeant Thompson, ne handed me the document I now produce marked B, and said that was the acoount of the money received by him, and where he credits himself £13 12s. 8d. as having been taken away by robbers ; I also took possession of the book and paper I now produce marked C, which con- tains an acoount of the daily receipts of the toll-bar up to the day of the robbery, and also a reoeipt from Mr. Nardin for money paid by prisoner to him; the book also contains an acoount of the daily reoeipts of the tolls up to the day of the robbery ; upon receiving these books, papers, and money, I asked the prisoner if- he had any Other money belonging to himself on the premises ; his reply was, " not the ghost of a copper," ex- cepting the money on the mantelpiece, whioh he colleoted on that morning for tolls, and that he had drawn no salaries since he had been at the toll-bar, and that he had not a penny in the world; having found prisoner out in a ' number of contradictory statements, I told him I did not believe he Ead been robbed, and desired sergeant Thompson, constables Smith, and Fitzallen, to make a thorough search of the premises ; after searohing for some considerable time, constable Fitzallen called me into the bed- room, and handed me the purse Í now produce, containing ten half-sovereigns and two sovereigns, making £7; I then told oonstable Smith to watch prisoner's movements, and constable Smith shortly afterwards called my attention to prisoner, saying he was concealing something in his breast ; I went to prisoner, put my hand in his breast, and found the pooket book I now produce; upon examining it I found one £5 note, and one £1 note; that, together with the gold I found, would make £13, being the amount reported as having been stolen by the men who had stuck-up the toll-bar, and according to prisoner's book being the amount less of the sum he should pay the superintendent of roads; I questioned prisoner as to his possession of the £7 in gold, after he so posi- tively denied havipg any money in the house ; prisoner appeared very muoh confused! and said it was sent him by some friends of his; pri- soner said it was brought in by some man in a letter, but by whom he did not know, and could not tell ; upon question- ing him about the bank notes, he made several statements, but all very confused; I then arrested prisoner as having embezzled £13, the property of the Government of New South Wales.-Constable Fitzallen deposed that he found the purse, containing £7 in gold, ooncealed under some bark under the prisoner's bed ; immediately after he found the purse the prisoner made a snatch at it, saying the money belonged to his friend ; he also said it was a great shame for the police officer trying to ruin íiim, thüt i? should report him to ¿he Colonial Secretary -Constable Smith and Ser- geant Thompson corroborated the evidence given by Mr. Sub- Inspeotor Thorpe.-^-Ernest Anthony Nardin deposed : I am' superintendent of roads in the northern districts of New South Wales, and reside at Muswellbrook ; the prisoner was appointed by the Government to collect the tolls ' Hi », *m*¿ at Appletree Flat toll-bar at a daily salary; the* proceeds of his collection were to be paid to me or to my order ; the prisoner commenced in this employme&t; on the 1st January last, and re- mained till the 29th"of the same month ; pri- soner had to enter the amount of his daily collections in a book; I have received from prisoner £29 12s. 7d up to the 14th January, for which I gave a receipt as shown in paper produced, marked C ; since the 14th January last I have received nothing from him ; On Sat- urday last I received from the Sub-inspector of Police £24 as received from the prisoner, making on the whole £5312s. 7d. The total collections are from the 1st to the 29th January, 1869, £69 Is. 8d, out of which I have received £53 12s. 7d. ; presuming that £2 was found after the robbery, the total defioienoy would be £13 9a. Id. ; subsequent to the robbery I received a letter from the prisoner, through Sergeant Thompson, which refers to the alleged robbery and deficiency of Government money amounting to between £13 and £14, according to the docu- ments produced by the prisoner ; the prisoner has not received any salary hitherto ; before the commencement of the year the prisoner applied to me for money, and I lent him £2 before he entered upon his duties ; the prisoner waa not authorised to make use of the money collected by him in any way.-Henry Glennie deposed : I am a duly qualified medical prac- titioner of New South Wales, residing at Single- ton ; on Tuesday evening last, about 7 o'clock, I was requested to examine the prisoner by bob Inspector Thorpe; I accordingly did so at the Singleton look-up; upon examining prisoner, I found a wound on the head, towards the left side, which I considered had been inflioted mora than a month ago, as it was quite healed up, leaving only a soar where the wound had been; I examined his body generally, but could find no mark or bruises of any kind whatever ; I don't think it possible that any blood had flown copiously from prisoner's head on the Saturday night pre- viously ; had the prisoner received forty or fifty blows on the Friday night previous, the proba- bility is that some marks would have been left. The prisoner was Remanded for one week for further evidence. SINGLETON BUILDING AND INVESTMENT SOCIETY.-The monthly meeting of this Society took place on Monday evening, Mr. W. Dudding being the receiving director. The sum of £127 Os. 3d. was paid in for subscriptions and redemption money. No advances were sold. February 2. 