"COUNT" ATTEMS. (From the Queensland Express. Dccemher 30.1 We have got a few particulars of the doings of the individual who pasesd hero under the above name, chiefly from a man who formed one of the crew of his vessel, the Hamlet's Ghost. Our in- formant went away with him from Brisbane, and stuck to him as far as Coepang, where they parted company to meet again at Batavia, at which place tho " Count" promised to pay him bis wages and furnish him with tho means of get ting a passage hack to Brisbane. The " Count," though it was put out of his power to reach Batavia, in other respects kept his word with this man, who a day or two ago came back to Brisbane. The " Count," after his sailing from Brisbane, had, as it may be remembered, two narrow shaves for his liberty ; one at Cleveland Bay, from which lio '-sailed just before the arrival of the steampr having on board the police armed with a warrant for his apprehension ; and the other at Cape York, to which he had scarcely bid farowell when the Captain Cook, bringing news of his proceed ings, put in an appearance. He arrived at Cape York on -the 11th August, and sailed again on the 23rd, his stay lusting eight days. A story- reached Brisbane about his having swindled the Cockerills, who were at Capo York collecting birds. He bought £30 worth of birds from them, and paid them one-lmlf cash and the other with one of his " priceless " cheques. It seems, from all we can learn, that the Count, like another Robin Hood, though he had no scruples about making inroads into tho wealth of the rich, was straightforward in his doings with " poor " men, and he had intended to give the Cockerills gold for their birds. He was putting some gold into his pocket on one occasion just before going ashore, when some one (whose name wo have heard but need- not mention) remarked that a cheque was good enough for such people as the Cockerills, and he reduced tho amount of the metal by one-lmlf. Whether the remark had any effect on the " Count," or whether he had merely jumped at it as an excuse for giving the men half what they were entitled to, wo don't know; but it seems that he was not very flush of the precious metal at Cape York ; at Cleveland Bay liis store was rather low, and ho made, un ineffectual application from there to a Brisbane firm to give him some more. However, it turned out that the transaction with the bird-3luffsrs was a case of diamond-cut-diamond, for when tho case of birds was ppened after the Ghost put to seo.it was found that only half the quantity they had undertaken to furnish hud been delivered. If that is a fact, neither party had much reason to complain. When the " Count " left Brisbane, a man Darned Howes was his captain, but they fell out by the way, aud parted company at Cape York, and the impostor there assumed the com mand of the vessel, and signed certain papers as captain ; a seaman named Austin was promoted to chief mate. The Ghost had eight hands on board when she arrived at the Capo, and seven when she left. He had just started, as we have mentioned, and was not out of sight, when the schooner Captain Cook put into the port. A police boat went after tho yac'.t, hut did not over haul it. The boat was seen from the yacht; and her captain thought her object was to take off two gentlemen whom he had landed at one of the bays, and so did not stop for the boat, otherwise his career would havo ended thero, for there is no doubt that the " Count" would not have got bis crew to side with him against the police. The yacht sailed from Somerset ou the Saturday, and on tho Sunday called at Booby Island, where provisions are stored for vessels in distress, and found that the stock there was plentiful, A visit seems to have been paid to one or more of the other islands about here which were inhabited, and an acquaintance formed with the " lady " residents. The account of t'.o " Count's" mode of landing, as told us, was somewhat amusing. Though he had not previously shown any signs of high courage — rather tho contrary — he jumped bravely into tho shonl water aud would have waded ashore, single-handed, in the face of an array of warlike natives, drawn up on the beach, had not tho mate and others, inspired by his daring, jumped in after him. The " Count," who carried a number of loaded revolvers in his yacht, landed with one of these weapons in his hand, and his mate backed liini up with a duck gun. The north-cast part of Timor was reached in about seven days from Capo York, hut nothing particular resulted from the call there. Coepang was made about eight days later, and here our hero enjoyed himself to a great extent. As an Austriuu Count, on a yachting voyage (lie was careful to keep up bis character from the com mencement), he gained the acquaintance of all the notables in the place, from the Governor down wards. He was a guest at Government House, and the Governor was a guest on board the Hamlet's Ghost, and it may be supposed that the travelling " nobleman " was not less intimate with the less important people of the place. Ono of the exciting events of bis visit was a race be tween the yacht and a Dutch revenue cutter (the largest vessel of the two). The course was round an island six miles from Coepang. The com mander of the cutter made certain of " wopping " the yacht, and had lined the shore with a lot of Malays who were to cheer the conquering hero ns he came in ; but the Ghost won the race of twelve miles by. twenty minutes, and the Malay hirelings did not cheer. The usual pace of the Ghost was seven or eight knots, hut on this occasion, the wind being particularly favour able, she went at a little more than that rato. Visits were paid to the islands round about, hut the great event was an excursion on a large scale, to Rotta, in the Hamlet's Ghost. The Governor und his suite were among the party. It was this trip which to some extent cost the " Count" his liberty, for turning out longer than he had anticipated, it caused him to arrive later at Sourabaya than ho wished. The wind was blowing from the right quarter for a speedy trip when they started, but after the Ghost reached the island it shifted round, and led to her being eight days absent from Coepang. A journey inland was performed by the " Count," accom panied by the Governor's secretary, and a few others, and he met with great favour from the Chief, who wished him to accept one huudred ponies. But tho Count hud riot store room for them, and was obliged to decline tho present. The secretary, who looked with a fond eye upon the animals, offered, in tho " Count's" absence to take tliem 011 his behalf, which offer shocked our " noble " friend's acute senso of honour, und put him a little out 1 f temper. The stay at Coepang, including this trip, last ed sixteen days. One of the principal merchants there — a gentleman named Cisso — became an acquaintance of the " Count's," but he appeared to have some suspicions regarding tho distin guished visitor. Our informant believes that the Couut mortgaged his yacht to Mr Cisao, for an advance with which to pay his men. It was at Coepang that he left the yacht, the "Couut" undertaking to meet him at Batavia, and pay him what was due, besides furnishing him with money to get a passage back to Australia. "Attems" sailed in his yacht lor Java, and eleven days afterwards tho seamen followed in the mail steamer. It may bo remembered, from a paragraph which we quoted a abort time ago from a Melbourne paper, giving an account of " Attem's" arrest, that there was a hazy allusion to a supposed attack made upon an English schooner by tho Ghost. From what we could gather, there was a tiff between him and the captaiu of the schooner on enteriug port, but it amounted to very little, and there . was no firing of guns. Tho "Count" was very fortunate in the weather he fell in with ; it was particularly fine, and ho had a fair wind tho whole time. The steamer arrived at Sourabaya five days after the yacht reached there, and the seaman before alluded to made an attempt to seo the " Count," hoping, 110 doubt, to save himself the necessity of going on to Batavia ; but the " Count " was on a visit to the interior. There was an advertisement of bis iu 0110 of the local papers for four A. B. seamen, and also for a guide for an overland journey to Batavia. Our informant went on to that port, and when he got there learned that the " Couut " had been apprehended and put in gaol. As our readers learned a few weeks ago, news of the true character of the traveller reached Sourabaya while lie was sojourning there, and he was arrested. A statement appeared in tho papers there to the effect that I10 had committed a fraud upon a Mecklenberg bank to the extent of £7000 or £S000. It was generally believed here that the' "Count" was a German; but at Sourabaya, where we suppose there are better judges, no one thought he was anyting of the kind. The im pression of some of the crew was that he was a Portuguese or Spauiard, from his frequent use ol a certain Spanish oath, when at all put out. lie passed himself off as having been in the army, but from what we havo been told, it seems he did not know how to load ono of the deck guus ou his yacht, and was as awkward in hand ling it as a sailor is in managing a horse. He was very kind to most of his men, and faithfully performed his promises to them. They had an idea that Austen, the mate, who was not on friendly terms with some of the crew, had to some extent been let into tho secret as to the " CotiQt's" true position, aud an impression pre vailed among them that the "Couut" intended to hand over the ship to them when he reached Java. She was, when last seen, lying under the guns of the Fort at Sourabaya, and our informant was told at Batavia that she was to bo Bold by auction in a few days, doing expected to bring about £25. It is not quite certain that the ' Couut's" original intention was to make for Batavia, because when ho left hero he had pro vided himself with charts of the China and neigh bouring seas; and it was not till threatening weather compelled him to put into a port north of Brisbane that he procured a chart of the Australian coast. At Coepang be sold all tho charts except the one last mentioned. So much for the proceedings of a man wh<, whatever his pretensions to the character he assumed, possessed undoubted cleverness, and succeeded iu accomplishing no small amount of swindling duriug his brief Australian career. We suppose tho next that will be hoard of will be bis receiving puuishmeut lor his frauds at S -urabaya, or, what is more likely, his being forwarded to Europe, where his largest transac tions took place. 