Miscellaneous Items A Kibbon-lodge Executioner. — There ia uo inoro rancour or malignity in the mind of tho Gibbon executioner against the ob noxiouB landlord than there is in the mind of the sportsman against the doomed grouse. It is a matter of business, nothjug more. This is the pleasant way iu which one of theso gentry decants to Mr Trench upon his boot loss efforts to shoot him : — ' Do you remem ber, Sir, the night you -were returning— you and Morant aud another chap' (my son) — ' the day after tbcj killed old Bateson ?— well, Sir, there wo were, lying behind a wall, determined to have you down, when those ? polis cauio up aud tiaved you ; we were angered tliat you should still be ' ou tbe walk,1 and the boys iu Castloblayney get down a man that was not wanted nigh as much as you. And do you remember, Sir, tho evening you were returning homo from Cnlloville, and two chaps riding, ono on cadi side of you, and you with the big pistols in the holsters 'r — and wo let you pass thut night too.' ' And why did you not fire P' I askod. ' Bedad w« were afeard, Sir,' ho replied ; ' we heard how you could shoot a crow ou a bush with a pistol, and that the other chaps were darlint shots too, and bedad we wero afeaxd to rire lost maybe we'd nii*s you, and then we wore sure to be dead men.'' ' Then my alwavs riding with armed men alongside of me was not a bad plan t' said I ' Bedad, if it hadn't boon for that, you were a ghost long since, as sure as you're now flesh and blood !' Riddles. — What is the worst kind of hiispandry ': When the man in clovor marries the woman in weeds, ^— How long does a widow mourn for her husband? She mourns for a second. The iSongs of the Day. — The theatrical advertisomints which precede the leading arti cles iu 'Tho Times' but recently gave an excellaut example of the burlesquoa of the preseni day. The followiug mngn were said to be 'rapturously encored,' 'vociferously applauded,' and 're- demanded three times nightly,,:— 'Ooleo-Eelee-Oo,' ' Pip1'ipPip sey-WipsoT- Wes,' 'Muffin, Tea, and Orum pet,' 'Bhe gives me Lumbago,' 'Tho Bells go a-ringing for Sarah,' 'Couldn't help Screaming,' 'Tho Beautiful Dinner Bell,' Shakapeare Down South. — The late Charlos Mathews used to describe a scene witnessed by himself in an American theatre down South. It was a mixed company of performers, black and white, a set of stage dominoes in fact. The play was 'Hamlet,' and tho Prince of Denmark was performed by a curly-pated Sambo. All went fairly wel until tho actor came to the soliloquy — 'To bcl or not to be 'r'and then a demon of perversity or woariuofn entering the spectators, tln-y demanded with irresistiblo clamour that the soliloquy should bo dropped, and ''Possum up a gumtree' sung in its stead then and tlicre. How old is the world Cbixoline ? Can imT reader supply an example earlier than 17.30 ^ Lloyd says : — Cumberland had seldom seen A farmer's wifo with such a mien Shecouldharangue with wondrous grace On crinoline.', and caps, und luce. From the ' Spirit of Contradiction,' by E. Lloyd, born 1733, died \'Qi. Apology for a Hat.— An American editor thus advertises Inn missing hat: — ,,The gentleman who inadvertently took our new beaver and left an inferior article in its stead will do us infinite kiudliess by returning ours and ho shall receive our warmest thanks and apologies — an apology for the trouble wo have given him, and the ' apology for a hat' he has left us.' Er-pensive,— What more natural than that sentimental young bidicH, when they change their condition of singlo-blossedness, ceasing to be pensive, should bo ex-pensive P Rosy Children and Yellow Boys.— 'Ob, Mr. Grubbles,' oxclairood a young mother, ' shouldn't you like to have a family of rosy children about your knee 'i ' — ' No ma'am,' said the disagreeable old bachelor ; '? I'd rather have a lot of yellow boys in my pocket. Poor Things ! — It seems an impossibility for two silly lovers ever to agree, seeing that between them there can be uo understanding. — Ptmoii. A Wide-awake Idea.— The Bedouins arc acquainted with a few medicines. Dr. Sandwich, hearing from Suttum that tho Arabs had no opiates, asked him what they did with one who could not sleep P ' Do ! answered the Sheik, ' why wo set him to watch the camels, ' A certain lop, who was arguing with a bluff dergymau on tho immortality of the soul, asked liini, ' Now, whore do you think I shall go after deathP' 'Wlicrovcr your tailor goes,' was the calm replyj Tne ordinary dufiuuiou ol a i iiLn ia 'a portion of land entirely murounded by water.' A Hibernian of our acquaintance declares that this does not meet tho caso of Ireland, which considering the position of tho State Church, is best described as 'a portion of bud entirely overrun by the sew,' : On one cf onr vessels ol war tbe sailors aaw a comet, and were somewhat surprised and alarmed at its appearanoe. The hands met and appointed a committee to wait on the commander to ask his opinion of it. They appaoachod him and said : ' Wo vrant you to inquire about that tiling up there.' 'Now before I answer you, first let mo know what you think it is.' ' well, your honour, wo have talked it over, and think itis star sprung a leak.' 