Melbourne and Homebush. ' BY PEGASUS. I xno uonerai amery tor nie luoioourno spring moot ing ia unnusually numerous ; and in ovory rnco, oxcopting Tho Oaks and tho Steeple Chase, Noir South Wales is represented ; though tho nags representing this colony in Tho Essendon and Boyal Park Stakes now belong to Victorian owners. We once liad a chance, and apparently a good one, for the Oaks, as Driscoll's unlucky Ally, \ Agnos, was ono of those entered for it. In the first race of to-day, Circassian is ontorad, and so is Glencoe ; and Mr Lee has Phoebe and Misty Morn. I hardly think Mr Winch will run tho first favorite for the Cup for this little event, and risk such a cutting up ns ho must get, to beat Gloneoo, if tho latter is in the humour ; though it may bo argued that Circassian ran and won on our Sorby Saturday, and then did ditto on tho Thursday after. Tin's is nil true enough j but then Circassian on that Derby Saturday was not primo favourite at 3 to 1 for tho " Motrop ;" and this, to my thinking, makes all tho difference I have been sorry indeed to hear very bad accounts of Mr Leo's stable. My informant says tho nags aro all io pieces, a report which I'm- afraid seems well founded, from the scratching of Tho Fop and Sur l biton. Not that I am sorry to hear . of Barbolle doing no work, because BIIO generally has done lots too much for my satisfaction ; but I don't liko her being compared to a " hunted devil." They tell me, too, that Glencoe is ut his old IriokB again ; and only travels when ho pleases ; a weakness he has always indulged moro froely .J on Flemington than either at Randwick or Homebush. I \ know nothing of tho Melbourne horses ; but a person who has seen thom regularly of late, tells mo they are the greatest lot of scrubbers that ever wero trained ; and that j most of tho N. S. W. nags aro out of all form. Suppos ¡ ing Circassian not to go, and Glencoe to " stick- up," Phoobo might just break tho ice to-day, unless Mr Craig's '. high priced " Coeur de Lion'' is as good ns his owner ', deserves he should be. A glance over tho Handicaps ' makes me fanoy that " Warrior" has received the full ' benefit of any " doubt" there may bo attaching a book- maker's horse. . Ho surely must bo loft without a ghost of a chanoo; yet ore there still several other bookmakers' J horses who clo not got similar treatment, and I must say I seo no reason why thoy should. I can't seo why an Australian Bookmaker should not have racehorses as well as an English one. The best in at tho weight in some of , tho handicaps appear to be Poison and Albany in Tho Hotham and Tho Spring ; though why tho maro, gives j Albany five pounds at a mile and n quarter, and is at I evens with him throe distonoos further, I don't know j , especially as tho same distance is nearly presorved in the 5 two races, between Poison and Tho Baron. I think ono , of theso three must pull off the. Hotham Handicap ; j and I like best ? tho mare ; for I'm suro she , con be muoh filter than she was at Randwick; and I ¡ liko very well tho Sir Hercules blood,' as who does not. , I know nought but what I road of tho hurdle jumpers, I but Emperor ought to have a chance, or elso his owner 3 should not have taken him down. He has just one' , pound more to carry than " Fog" won with last yoar. I [ know not how many ponalties (if any) Peeress has to , carry in tho Essendon ; but Gloneoo has ten pounds, which might cause him to stop, in moro sonsos than one, if t tho maro bo tho flyer I havo heard her called; and I , should set down tho Footscray Plate as bolonging to Sir , Walter, soeing that Blondín must be getting as stale as a j orow. I lcavo tho Derby to sum up by and bye. On . Thursday wo have Doteotivo, Partisan, and Misty Morn 3 in tho Maiden Plate, and to-day's Derby will decide if. eitbor of tho two former has a ohaneo here. How good . tho Molbourno maidens may or may not be is, , of course, unknown to me nt present. Tako away Glon 1 ooo, and I suppose tho Baron can win tho Railway 3 Stakes. I loavo writing about tho Cup ohanccs till I 1 have settled with tho Derby colts by-ond-bye. If , Warwick is what I have road ho ia since ho wont down, j why should ho not appropriate the Stakos P He's boen a 3 long while at it now, and Mr Tait might bo satisfied to 3 take two hundrod for him. Only fancy a great two t milo raoe botwoon Glonooo' and Manuka for. the Royal , Park j .and it will take a plum to finish in front of Bar , bollo for tho three-quarters of a milo. Albany or Poison , for the Spring Handicap j and I.hardly know which to , profor until I know tho result of "Tho Hotham" this '. afternoon. For tho samo reason I can't-Bay anything , about tho other races on this or tho fourth doy. Indeed, . it is nozt to to an absurdity trying to piok winners out of a crowd of horses ono hos novor soon. Looking at tho entry; as a whole, I am more than ovor oonvjnccd of tho , superiority of short over long weight for age races. Horo wo havo two of two milos, for one.of whioh there are four entries j and for tho othor, with heavy winning ponai : ties, fivo. Even tho groot Circassian is not in for tho Royal ' Park . Stokes. Notwithstanding that tho entries, as a f whole, aro largo, tho foot is patent that tho Heids would i not look well, oven on papor, woro it not for. tho largo number of horses from this colony. No fewer than eighteen ore nominated for tho different races that closed f last week ; and besides those I might mention " Austra I lian," who also hails from New South Wales, and Cour do Lion, .who was bought as a yearling; V ' ; . ; Tho only woy of . arriving at an opinion onitho groat Molbourno three-year-old raes is from what'ono reads day by day. in tho telegrams, and it, doesn't always , happen that thoso aro moro lucid than they nood be. Charon scorns to havo quito established himsolf ns .the. . gonoral favourito j nnd notwithstanding that I hear ho is very "proppy," tho odds of 5 to 4 on bim BIIOW that something muoh worso must bo wrong with lamp- I lighter, or oise the son of Gaslight would-suroly be in somo favour. As it is, tho nppearanoo of tho betting I market loads mo to believe that almost all the colts aro ] " out of form ;" in whioh casa it is quito on tho cards for an outsider to pull off tho rich stake. Late accounts of Circassian are all favourable. Tho horso has done good work sinoe ho got to Melbourne, and done that work in good style ; whoreforo he has been gradually becoming firmer in tho market, and very little money can be got about him at any price. I don't think, after all, that Circassian will be a bad horso for tho ring ; because he had not been very heavily backed at long odds, and most of the bookmakers who were against him in doubles have J booked him back to some extent. Sir John arrived safely; but whatohanoe can he have? Barbollo, so I om informod, is " nil to pieces," as her long prioo would denote; ond if she is so, there is on end of her chanco, good AS I once thought it. Manuka, .too, is riot so well thought of as be was ; so that the ohançes of tearing down Circassian's oolors look smaller and "smaller, although there ore some very knowing people who Boy Traverton is to out tho favourite down in a quarter of a milo. There's no Barb, nor Glonood.nor Tim in tho race to travel from end to end of the journey ; and BO I don't see what is to go fast enough to beat tho Metropolitan winner ; who, aa wo know, oun gp all tho way, can carry the weight, and do tho distance in good time. Considering that tho adverse reports about Barbollo must be correct, and not having tho common faith in so pooraporformer as Traverton, and not believing that Warrior or Sir John is able to do more than we havo seen either do before, and looking at the Melbourne quality as much below that of Circassian, I think there can bo no doubt of Mr Windi's horse pulling this race oiF,'if he comes right to tho post. If anything goes wrong before Thursday, I think " Strop" tho best of tho others, and shall look to him to boat all the not-fit division of pretty good ones and the Melbourne outsiders. Of tho field, as a field, I can say no moro than I did last week. The Homebush handicaps were publishod last Satur- day morning; and I've not hoard what tho. general opinion is about them, lt cannot bo denied that tho horses were a very ourious lot to bring together ; and I always Baw great difficulty in adjusting tho weights. Still, as is usual with Mr West's handicaps there is little enough to find fault with, although os a matter of oourao grumblers will be found. Seducer has run so uniformly well that he could not but occupy tho first position here, among snob a curiously assorted crowd ; but I om not at all sure he is not giving " Tippler" n, few pounds_ too many in the shortor of the two races. Rosebud is as well in as anything ; and botter than Bawden, at the weights ; and as I beor she is vory fit, sho ought to bo rather a good thing for both these races. Crabby Down if he is ever to have a oharico on Metropolitan soil, should have it now ; as ho is among his own class of horses, and treated to a weight lie knows how to master. Perhaps tho fault, if fault there be, is that Marsko is in a pound or two too light, after, his Wollongong running 5 and I think it quito likely the handicapper had not seen an account of that mooting bofore he adjusted those weights. At any rate, however, from what I hear, I am inclined to think that tho running of horses over tho Wollongong course cannot always bo taken as a very certain criterion of what they aro capable of elsewhere ; and after all, I expect, when its nil over, wo shall lind there's no certainty about Marsko pulling off these races, even though he docs appear to bo a littlo light in. In such a orowd, it isn't easy to find a real cortainty. I observe my friend Nemo fell last week into a slight error, whioh, as they ara liable to mislead, I take tho liberty to correct. Ho soys that " Traverton is a dark horse;" and how ho arrives at that conclusion is hard to say, soeing that your own Turf Guide gives no fewer than seven porformauces-ono at Homebush, threo at Maitland, one at Musclobrook, and two at Randwick. That these doings (although threo were wins) were of tho most moderate class I take loavo to consider; and such being tho caso is the reason why I will not toko tho private trial with Grey Motmis ("and lot it be remem- bered with " Chancellor" ' also) to porsuado me tho' Traverton can win tho Melbourno Cup. As a Cup horso ho'is dari enough I admit; nnd in my'opinion ho is likoly to remain ao long enough after this coming big raco is a matter of history. At the risk of boing thought a fool, I take my own woy at last, about the Derby. Thoro aro those who fancy thoy havo scon the best of Detective. I am not ono of theso. My idea is that the Victorian Derby fiold aro most of them in difficulties ; and that Detective has boon improving ever since ho went down from hero; whoreforo I believe ho is just tho nag to pull offtho arrangement this afternoon. I'm quite suro that anote or two will bo well laid out in giving the " D" a ohance. Of course, I claim to be excused for altering my opnion, but circumstances alter cases ; and 1 hold I havo as perfect right to frame my opinion at last, according to the latest information. I should not be a bit astonished to BOO Defectivo win tho Derby; because they say "Lamps" is wrong, and Charon "proppy" ; and if both of these things aro truo why not trust tho Now Warrior colt to pull ono through P 