MR, GOLDWIN SMITH IN REPLY TO MR.' SUMNER. Me. Goldwin Smith delivered an address at Ithaca in reply to Mr. Sumner, cn May 19, which fills nearly four columns of the New York papers. The purport of bis speech was to deprecate hostility between the two countries ; he frankly admitted tbat many Eng lishmen bad been wrong in their conduct towards America, but he urged that he had won the right to speak freely, end to fi&y; that America, and Mr. Sumner in particular, had judged England too harshly . There were parties on both Bides wbo bad an interest in war. In England it was the Tories, to whom a rupture with America would be political calvaiion. ' John Bright could net and WOUIQ not remain in uiuue w unrry uu a nu agaiupb tbie country. He and his friendt) who are now in the Government would go out. The lories would come into power, and wield all the resources of England and the united nation in a death- ttruggle with American democracy.' Referring to the suggestion for a ccsticn of territory, Mr. Goldwin fjmiih said : — 'Ttere are come, it seeme, who wish to press demands on England with a view to annexing at once ber Canadian and West Indian poBstusiona ; Bnd this proposal, coming simultaneously with claims fyr reparation in the court of high morality Bnd honour, will rather confuse the minds of our people. I have earned, at the price of some obloquy, the right of saying that I sincere in wishing that Grtpt Britain and all the PowerB of the Old World should take their departure at speedily as honour will permit from the New World, and leave the destinies 6f the New World to their own course. England has done all the good that she can do in planting her race and ber free institutions here. She has reaped all the hcnoUT that she can reap, *nd that honour will not ilie. Dismember htr empire, destroy her fleets and armies, ruin her trade, du all to her of what revenge can drtam ; she can never he deprived of the glory of having founded you. The WeBt Indian possessions wtre once offered to you, and would to Heaven that j ou had eeueptid them, i'o us they have been a curse irom the bt gii ning. The guid which eome of our pecple drew Irom them in the days rf slavery was dtniLD gold; it filled our politics and our society with corruption. Since the hbjliiion of slavery the islands have been a mere burden to us ; they have been mucji worse; Jamaica hab brought upon English justice a stain far worse than any loss of territory or any defeat in war. We ceuld not allow them to pass out of our hands while there was any fear lest Blavery should be restored. But now, I believe, the great majority of Englishmen vould agree in saying that if we could be honourably rid of the whole group, with their population, black and while, and all their barbarisms and internecine hatreds, the loss would be a boundless gain. With regard to Canada the attitude of England is not duubtlul. She says plainly t-i the Canadians, your destinies are in your own hands ; if you wish to stay with me I am proud df jour attachment, and no act of mine shall sever the bend ; if you prefer independence, independence is yours ; if you desire to go into the Union, go, and preserve in your new estate kind .memories of old ties and of your fatherland. As to ceding them, or any of her citizens, by way of compensation for her own liabilities, it is a thought whicfi honour would forbid her for a moment ip entertain. I believe I know enough of the Cana dians te say that they do not like to be threatened wilh annexation ; that for some political and fiscal reasons, and also because, in Upper Canada at least, they ate rather still Anglo-Saxons, they prefer to re main as they are, and that thty find tbe rule of their parent not oppressive, because, like other American children, they rule her. Nevertheless, the day will no doubt come when these vast and distant territories w ill cease to belong to that little island ; and when geography and commercial interest will in this, as in. the other cases, assert their power. But if the Cana dians are prematurely forced into the Union they will carry disaffection into itB vitals, combine with every other diEaflected element which may now exist, or which time may develop, and instead of bting an addition to your strength be an aggravation of your weakness.' On the subject of arbitration, Mr. Smith said : — . ' Hononr knows no limit to concession but that of justice. My only desire aB an Englishman is that England may pay. to the uttermost lathing any debt which upon any sane theory she can have incurred, and thus stand clear before the world and in the hearts of her own people. I trust also that if it is made to appear before an impartial tribunal that our Government has failed, however unintentionally, ia the peiformance of any of its international duties to a friendly Fower, the payment of damages will be ac companied with a full acknowledgement of the error. Eut if Mr, Sumner means to throw arbitration aside, if he means to insist upon being judge in his own caUEe, on pronouncing us guilty in any manner which his inflamed fancy can suggest, and; fining and humiliating us at his discretion — we shall appeal w:tb confidence to the reason and moral sense of the civilised world.' Mabbied bt Mistake. — The Northern Whig sa;s: — On Saturday last a marriage ceremony, at tended with very unusual circumstances, took placp in a little town not twenty miles from Belfast. A youthful couple in humble circumstances — a Mr. Y. and a MisB H. — had made arrangements for beebming man and wife, and duly presented themselves before the curate to have the nuptial knot fastened. The parties, before facing such a seriouB ceremony, hal taken the ' least taste ' of something to ' keep their courage cheery,' but nothing more, and when they presented themselves before the curate (who is a stranger), the bridegroom, either through ignorance or modesty, or, perhaps, a mixture of both kept rather ?a retiring position in the group ; and his best man— Mr. P., a tine, strapping, well-looking young fellow —had to encourage him to stand forward. The in tended bridegroom's modesty, however, still held him back, and he motioned to his best man to see to the matter being duly got through. The curate ob serving this movement, and misapprehending it, desired the person mentioned to stand forward, and repeat after him. Mr. P. rather demurred to this appeal, but the curate vent on to say, ' Repeat after me, ' I, Jaiiies, do take thee,' ' &c.;, and, strange as the statement may appear, the young man was so dumb founded that he did actually repeat the form of -words after the curate, performed the ceremony of putting on the ring, &c.;, while the bride repeated after the curate as desired, until the ceremony was concluded! The astonishment of most ef those present, as may be imagined, was great ; but none seemed able or willing to interfere. Some of them regarded it as 'a shine,' which could be rectified afterwards ; but others, and among the rat Mr. P., began to think it might prove a rather serious and unpleasant matter. The best man, however, with all due disinterestedness, at the close at once gave up the bride to the intended bridegroom. So matters re mained till Monday morning, -rhen the parties most interested had a meeting with a view to having the matter set to rights. It soon appeared, however, that more serious difficulties than they apprehended stood in the way of this, and that in order to effect the end desired, a visit to the Divorce Court, or even an Act of Parliament' maybe necessary. Tub Spiritualistic IuroSTCiiE.— The spirits have been making a mild stir ef late, in consequence of a quasi scientific Commission having sat upon their reve lations. Tbe literature of the people who believe in raps has been strengthened by a new series of a journal called the Daybreak, devoted to ' natural theology, religious 'progress, and spiritual develop ment.' This organ records the goings-on in various circles, including those of ' children's gardens in the spirit land.' We are told of an Iddian ghost that played the tom-tom beautifully, and of another phan tom conversing with a gentleman by mean; of his walking-stick, and thus chatting with him pleasantly during a long railway ride. The correspondent who communicates the details of the children's paradise is' rather incoherent and misty in style ; but then he himself admits that this is entirely due to his Baarces of inspiration. 'Sentences,' he says, ' are con tinually finished differently from what I expected from the beginning of them.' Phrenology appears to go hand in hand with the philosophy of table-turning, and on the back cf Daybreak there is a striking illus tration of what are known as our 'orgass,' in each of which a scene is represented more or les^ descriptive of 'InhabitivcneES,' ' Aliuientiveness,' &'c. We may well, indeed,- ask where the schoolmas'.er is,' when th^se rjabenwuchc broadsheets are bought: and read. It is silly enough for Betsy Jane to pay a wise v onion to tell hex fortune,' and the law bs far' takes cure of n fool as to lock- up the wise woman, on tiisco - vtrv, for obtaining wagefi under false pretences; but other people may indulge in the most unlimited su perstition by simply attending the tdancet and reading the pamphlets of i Lie gentry %vho can slir up Shake* spcaie, Hilton, cr Benjamin Franklin at will, and who in the courne of trade aie shockingly blasphemous. It would not be worth while, nor would it be sound pe.licj-, to take very serious note of the ' spirit. circlcB,' but when we are shocked at the fining of Efme ragged impostor for prophecy, we might remem ber the periodicals and the entertainments provided fer the respectable noodles who put their faith in haunted walking sticke and waltzing sideboards.— Daily Netci, 