THE ENGLISH CAPTIVES AND WAB IN r: ABYSSINIA. On Friday evening, October 29, Dr. Tucker, veil known a3 the repressntative of the Bible Society, delivered a lecture on the above subject in White's Booms, the proceeds of which are to be : devoted to the funds of that Society. There was a : large attendance of ladies and gentlemen. Mr. j Alexander Hay, M.P., occupied the chair, and by way of introduction briefly alluded to the interest which had been excited in Abyssinia through the events of the last few years. Dr. Tucker said about 100 yean ago, in the year 1769, an. enterprising traveller passed through Abyssinia, and afterwards published a book con taining a graphic description of the country and people, entitled " Travels in Search of the Source of the Nile, by James Bruce" a book that had passed through more editions than any other book of modem travel. Previously to this, perhaps, no country was so little known or so fabulously described. During the middle aces it was known as the land of " PreBter Johii,3' where the marvels of Nature, like the mines of gold, were exhaustless, and it was said the men had tails and the women two heads, and the children played wrh diamonds. Ludolphus, who wrote a history of this country about the middle of the 17cb century, had mingled a good deal of fable mtta truth in his narrative. He gave a map, in which the position .of several districts and towns were given accurately; but on the same sheet he gave a drawing of a flying monster, and in another place four monkeys, who were represented as making a stand against two ferocious lions by simply throwing sand in their faces: and he also said that the celebrated unicorn, so continuously .sought for in all corners of the world, was to be found there. .Everybody was familiar with " Rasselas, the Prince of Abyssinia'"-a beautiful ^fiction by Ur. Samuel Johnson, founded on certain Portuguese chroDicles that were chiefly imaginary. At the present time, however, they were abun -dantly supplied with information of Abyssinia, for 207 successive books had been issued from the Pres-. One of the most interesting and popular was a voiume puDiisnea toy the lUuslrated Jjondon, JITews Company, in which the narra tive had been derived from authentic sources, and the pictorial iliuEtrations from sketches of artists who accompanied the army. The story o* the captivity in Abyssinia had been so fuiJy told in the newspapers and so generally read that he thought it must be familiar to all; but the origin of the war and captivity were not so generally known, and it might be worth while reviewing the -facte connected with them. The captives (who were represented by a bold water-colour sketch) con sisted of the Rev. Mr. Sterne, Kev. Mr. and Mrs. Rosenthal, missionaries of the Church of England; Consul Cameron, Dr. H. Blane, Pietro, an Italian; Consul Kassam, Lieutenant Dridieux. and Kearn, an Irishman, who had been Private Secretary to Captain Speedy. The lectuier having pointed out the geographical position and boundaries of the country gave an interesting description of its character, remarking that a tract of country forming the seaboard belonged to Turkey, while Abyssinia proper, 400 miles in length and 2U0 in breadth, was a mountainous district, broken up by deep caverns:, with mountain peaks 14.000 and 15,000 feet high, covered continually with snow and ice, some of the hanks of the rivers going down precipitously more than 2.WK) feet. The population were generally of the Caucasian race, of a fine frame, an olive colour, and some intellectual power when cultivated. There were am ,ng them negroes who had been introduced in a state of captivity, and who were quite distinct from the real Abyssinians orGheez. Almost all the cliief families claimed a Jewish descent. The chief language was the Ghcez or Ethiopian, which .was mixed with Hebrew and Arabic words; butthis was now a dead tongue. The living language, of which there were four dialects-the Amharic, Tigre, Shoa, and Yejoos-was derived from it, and anybndy who was lamiliar with one would be understood pretty well in any part of the -country. Dr. Hecke collected some 13 vocabularies. The country was divided into a good many princi palities, the principal of which were Tigre and Amhara. These two, although of one nation and under the same Government, were always in a state of hostility one with the other, sometimes the chier of one and sometimes the chief of the other being superior, and then all the other states paid tribute to him. There was another race of people-the Falashas-a class of Jews, who were the artisans of the country, not the merchants and bankers as in other countries; and, according to BishoD (iobat, who visited them in 1832, expected the Messiah "in the character of a great conqueror called Theodoras, who must soon appear;" but the poor Falashas did not know "whether he would be a Christian or a Jew." The Falashas were the only artificers in the country, and made what rude implements'were used i.. agriculture. The dress of the Abyssinians was very peculiar, hats and bonnets being dis pensed with, and the long black hair done up in locks and kept wet with butter. It had been said by Bruce that when driving cattle they would cut slices out of the living animals; but though other travellers supported Bruce to some -extent, it was pretty certain that the practice w.-.s only rare. The religion of the people was Christian, but it was of a very peculiar kind. There was a tradition prevalent that Christianity .was introduced by the eunuch of Queen Candace, or by St Matthew and St. Bartholomew. It appeared ?clwr that the Christian Church in Abyssinia was founded in the time of Constantine, forFrumentius was consecrated BiBhop of Ethiopia when Athana sius was the Patriarch of Alexandria. From that time to the present they had received their Abuna or Bishop from the See of Alexandria. When the Greek _ merchant Cosmas visited Abyssinia, A D. 526, it was comparatively a Chris tian country, and well crovided with monasteries and churches. The King of Abyssinia, Zarah Jacob, in 1445 sent an Ambassador to the Council of Florence, when nothing was then known in Europe of the countiy. Neither the Portuguese military adventurers who visited the country in the fifteenth and sixteenth century, nor the Jesuits of a later date, could induce the Abyssinians to acknowledge the supremacy of the Pope of Some. They had always received their Abuna or Bishop from the Patriarch of Alexandria. With the Chris tian religion the Abyssinians received the Holy Scriptures, which they now possess in the Amharic and Ethiopic versions. Bruce brought with him from the country a complete copy of the Ethiopic Scriptures, and also a set of Abyssinian Chronicles. The religion was a remarkable mingling of Christianity and Judaism. The children were circumcised when eight days old; but they were baptized when they were forty days old. They would not allow a Bishop to marry, but they iusisted upon the priests being married. In their Slaces of worship they had not only a chancel, ut a place called the Holy of Holies, where the priests made the wine for the communion service by pouring water on raisins, and the bread by mixing flour and water, and then placed it on the mouth of each communicant. They attached a good deal of importance to the absolution of the priests, but did not ask any blessing upon their marriages, which were only a kind of civil con trac e of a very loose kind. The lecturer having traced the early career of young Kassi and his education, stated that, having become first, chief of Tigre. and afterwards conquered Amhara, he was crowned under the name of Theodorus, King of Abytsinia, in 1855-6, and seemed to have been bent upon endeavouring, as far as possible, to put down tne prevailing immorality, and do all he could for the elevation of the country. He was very friendly with the English people, and with the two gentlemen who were then at his Court, Mr. Bell and Consul Plowden, who had been sent for the purpose of negotiating for the suppression of the slave trade, and to induce the sending of an Ambassador from Tigre to England. Soon after this the Gallas, a wild savage race from the South, in a state of insubordination, murdered Mr. Plowden as he was passing along the country, and Mr. Bell was killed in the same way, after snoot ing down a tialla, who was about to stab King Theodore, in punishment for which he had about fifteen hundred of the Gallas tortured and put to death. Consul Plowden was replaced by Consul Cameron, to whom the King entrusted a letter to Queen Victoria, and it was to the not answering of this letter, and the designs of the two men-Samuel, a Jew, and Bardel, a Frenchman ?who had represented to Theodore that the English Government were unfriendly to him, that the lecturer attributed the altered tone and action of King Theodore. He showed how, by an unfortunate circumstance, a present in the shape of a handsome turkey carpet bore a design which, to Theodore's mind, betokened the destruction of his kingdom, and how all efforts were fruitless to appease the anger and indignation which the Ethiopian Sovereign felt at receiving no reply to his letter, resulting in his imprisonment and torture of Mr. Cameron and the other captives, and the demand from the British Government for their release, which, being not complied with, led to the war. Dr. Tucker expressed his belief that King Theodore, until driven to dissipation by the disappointment of bis ambition, was intent upon the welfare and elevation of bis people. The letter had been allowed to remain in the Foreign Office without reply, and the consequence was Theodore felt his amnition humbled, and, giving himself to habits of intoxication, became the cruel tyrant of whom they had read, with perhaps the greatest indignation. But he believed Theodore was not properly treated, and that if his letter had been answered lie would not have come to the lamentable end he did. The Keverend Doctor gave a short but graphic description of the successful campaign'which ended in the destruc tion of Magdala and the liberation of the captive?, having alluded also to the steps which had been taken for the spiritual benefit of the Abyssinians in the measures organized by the Bible Society and the Society for the Conversion of the Jews, to the former of which, Mr. Hopkins, of Tasmania, well known in connection with religious efforts in the colonies, was an early and liberal contributor. What might be the future of Abyssinia they did not know, but he trusted they might yet see in a true and spiritual manner Ethiopia stretch out her hands unto God. The letter to the Q.ueen, which the lecturer observed had been very erroneously reported as being an insult to her in the shape of proposal of marriage, " In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost-one God in Trinity, chosen of <Jod, King of Kings-Theodorus, of Ethiopia, to Her Majesty Victoria, Queen of England.-I hope your Atajes y is in good health. By the power of God I am veil. My fathers, the Emperors, having forgotten our Creator, they handed over the kingdom to the Gall as and Turks. But God created me-lifted me out of the dust; and restored this empire to my rule. He endowed me with fiower, and enabled me to stand in the place of my athers. By His power I drove away the Gallas. But for the Turks, I have told ihem to leave the land of my ancestors. They refuse. I am now going to wrestle with them. Mr. Plowden, and mr late Grand Chamberlain, the Englishman Bell. U6ed to tell me that there is a great Christian Queen, who loves all Christians. When they told ins this, ' we are able to make you known to her, ran thus '"November 1, 1862. and' to establish friendship between you," then in those times I wasvery idad." ' ihiiVe given them my love, thinking that! had found your Majesty's goodwill. -All men ate subj^toneat^.andmy enemies; ?fhinlring to injure me, killed these my friends; but bythe power of God I hays ^xtermi nated those enemies, not leaving one aliye, though they were of my own family, that I. may get by Hie power of God your friendship. I 'was pre vented by the Turks occupying the sea-coast from sending yon an Embassy when I was in: difficulty. Consul Cameron arrived with a letter and presents of friendship by the power of God. I was very glad hearing of your welfare, and being assured of your amity. I have received your presents, and thank yon much. I fear if I send ambassadors with presents of amity by Consul Cameron they may be arrested by the Turks, and now I wish that' you may arrange for the safe passage of my am bassadors everywhere on the loads. X wish to have answer to this letter by Consul Cameron, and that he may conduct my embassy to England. See how the Islam oppress the Christians!" The Bev. Canon FABB proposed, and the Bev. JAMES LYASSL seconded, a vote of thanks to Dr. Tucker for his interesting lecture, and to the Chairman for presiding, which was carried with acclamation. Dr. Tuckeb expressed his thanks and said it had given him pleasure to meet those whom he had addressed, and afford them what information was within his power on a subject in which he felt a meat interest, because the Bev. Mr. Sterne and the £ev. Mr. Rosenthal were lii« personal friends, as well as Captain Speedy, whom be had met in "few Zealand, and gained considerable knowledge from. TheCHAiKHAX having alBO acknowledged the compliment, the proceedings closed. The lecture was illustrated by some excellent and effective views in water- colour, by Mr. T. S. Gill, late of Adelaide, showing Annesley Bay, Magdala, and other places of interest. 