AN.EXPLANATION. IT is said there has been a ghost going' about at Gundagai. The real truth is a gentleman in that neighbourhood bought a quarter-cask of whisky, and he has been., sending it about to his friends. Hence the rumours of spirits. A' SENSIBLE letter in the Argus of , Monday last, on the subject of over stocking of runs. The writer points out .that this custom is ruining stock 'and. stockholders, and suggests that it should be discontinued. It is easy to suggest, but we fear that the advice will be impossible to follow. The squatter is compelled to overstock, ' for the same simple reason that unlucky .tradesmen are compelled to sell their goods at an "alarming sacrifice"-ho must pay his immediate debt. What is a squatter ? In our opinion, a gentle man who borrows money to buy a station in order to sell it again to "another gentleman who borrows the money to pay for it. There are no "squatters" now - no "pioneers of . civilisation," or horny-handed humbugs of that description. The old style of .squatter-the honest, sturdy yeoman . who bought his acres by sheer hard work, and earned his bread literally by the sweat of his brow-has given place to the dandy young gentleman, who, having been plucked for the Line, or detected in a love affair with his mother's lady's-maid, is given a thou sand pounds and sent to Australia. He spends half his patrimony between Garton's and the Varieties, and then buys a station " on terms, and is com pelled to overstock it to meet his bills. There is much unendurable humbug talked about squatters. They have been termed the "aristocracy of the colony," "native nobility," and other wise complimentod. This was all very well twenty years ago, but we ,are afraid that it will not do now. We want no aristocracy save that of labour, TIO nobility but that of talent. S.quatterdom is doomed, whether runs be over-stocked or under-stocked, and in that Australian Republic which another half-century will see estab lished, the " Squatocracy" will have noplace. 