THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER PUUMSJ1KD DAILY. rnooiiRssiON, oun maura, Arm oun uBaouitCBS. SANDBUnST. TUESDAY, NOV 23, H69 THE TECHNOLOGICAL COMMISSION. THE appointment of tho Technological Com mission, to report 011 the best method of extend ing or improving the arts, manufactures, and in dustries of the colony, will, doubtless, prove ono of tho most important acta of the late Govern ment. If wo recollect rightly tho appoint ment was sneered at in certain quarters as ono only likely to result in chimerical sugges tions ; but from tho report which the Commission has submitted to His Excellency it will bo soon that practical and useful ideas are suggested, and if thoy are carried out by the Government they can but produce groat benefits to tho whole colony. One of the principal suggestions con tained in tho report is that lectures on tire different branches of art and industry should bo delivered first in Melbourne, and after wards in tho various towns in the pro vinces. Communications, tho Commissioners state, had been mado to tho different borough councils as to tho co-operation that would bo given in carrying out this object, and favorable answers were received from nearly all tho towns in the colony, although strange to say, while Ballarat heads the list, wo fail to perceive Sandhurst amongst the number. Tho course of lectures, which tho Commission suggests should bo given, will include the various branches of mining for gold, other metals, and for pre cious stones, and already some of the most scientific men of the colony have promised to lecture on those subjects. Tho lectures are, of course, to comprise several on other branches of art and industry. In connection with tho subject of mining the Commission have issued a programme containing the course of instruc tion, which is adopted in the Royal Miuing Acadamv in Berlin, in order to show how beneficial such a similar course of mining instruction would benefit the mining com munity of Victoria. The following is the programme referred to by the Commission :-. "Mining Technology : Five lectures weekly, 15s. Technology of Salt Works : One weekly, 3a. General Metallurgy : Four weekly, 123. Metallurgy of Iron: Four weekly, 12s. Found ing and Moulding : Three weekly, 12s. Chemical Technology : Two weekly, 6s. General Assaying : Six weekly, £1 'Tb. Blow pipe Assaying : Two weekly, 9s. Assaying of Iron : Three weekly, 133. 6d. Petrography : Four weekly, 123. Geology, with special attention to the stratified formations : Four weekly, 12s, The Geological Formation of the Globe : One weekly, gratis. On Volcanoes : One weekly, gratis. Mineralogical Repetitions : Four weekly, gratis. Mineralogical Exercises : Four weekly, 12s. Chemistry of Minerals : Three weekly, gratis. Repetitions of Analysis of Minerals: Four weekly, gratis. Practical Instruction in the Analysis of Minerals-(a) Quantitative : Five hours daily, £3 ; (b) Qualitative : Four hours weekly, £1 4s. Analytical Geometry : Five weekly, 15s. Mechanical Science : Six weekly, 18s. Ap plied Mechanics : Six weekly, 18s. Surveying of Mines : Four weekly, 12s. Instruction in Drawing : Eight weekly, gratis. Laws of Mines : Two weekly, gratis." As there could, however, be only one academy of this nature in the colony, and that situated in Mel bourne, the advantages to be obtained would not be within the reach of the majority of the miners throughout tho colony, and it would only be by a course of lectures on the above mentioned subjects, to be delivered on tho different goldfields, that such a course of mining instruction as would be useful could be widely disseminated. The principal suggestion, therefore, contained in the report of the Com mission, as far a3 the mining interest is con cerned, is in regard to the periodical delivery of lectures on those subjects on the goldfields, and we hope to sao this carried out. Although it is now more than a dozen years since the era of mining for gold in quartz reefs was initiated, science has done but little to assist tho miners in their soarch for the precious metal, or to aid them to work the mines more profitably. In the erection of machinery, and the use of mining appliances, experience ha3 certainly taught the miners to make considerable improvements, but u3 regards any knowledge of geology to assist thom in searching. for gold, tho great majority of the minors are as completely in the dark as in the early days of " the pick and shovel." The lectures referred to, the Com missioners suggest, should comprise several on most of the other ores and metals, and as it is well known that tho colony contains lodos of many other motala besides gold, the lectures will prove of great advantage to the gold miners in furnishing them with information on those subjects. The series will also include lectures "on precious stones and in discriminating the different formations producing them." On most of the gold fields of Victoria a course of lectures on this very impor | tant subject would, we are confident, produco valuable discoveries, and to none more than to our own district. We have, on several occasions lately, stated our belief that many portions of thi3 district contain precious stones, and that not only are there lying under tho surface many valuable gems, which would bo unearthed if the searcher had only proper scientific laws to direct him, but wo believe that on the durfaco many equally rich gems have been tossed aside or altogether passed over, simply from persona being unable to judge of their true value from their outside formation, and their complete ignorance of the shape or even color of precious gems. Another of the objects which the Commission suggests is the establishment of a system of mutual support amongst the various Mechanics' Institutes throughout the j colony, and the head School of Design which the Commission propose should bo established in Melbourne. By those means, models of mining machinery, as well as other designs connected with various branches of art and industry, oould bo osohangod for tho bonaflt ai tho mambow, Wart* fjjiij mu, Mechanics' Institute, by contributions furnished locally, and assisted by thoso which would be obtained by "exchanges" with tho head school in Melbourne, and from the institutes on other goldtiolds, might ;ukl t\ mining school to its othor branches of nciontilic culture. The report of tho Commission altogether contains so many and such valuable suggestions for tho attainment of tho useful objecta referred to, that we sincercly trust 110 delay will occur in giving thorn practical effect. THE ENGLISH MAH,.-Telegraphic intelligence of the arrival of flic English Mail is expected in tho course of Co-day from Adelaide. On rcceipt of our telegrams we shall publish an Extraordinary containing the principal items of importance. -WATER RUPPLT TO IIUNTLY.-In tho course of a few-days it is expected that the Morning Light [ Company, True Briton Company, and the Cnle donian Company will have to cease working in j consequence of the want of water, the supply from the Spring Gully Reservoir not being forth coming. A considerable number of men will thus be thrown out of employment, and as soon ns the dams of the other IIuntly companies are empty the evil will be largely increased. There must be some gross mismanagement on the part of the department under whose direction the IIuntly race is, or the stoppage of the whole of the mines on the lead, and the throwing out of work of a very large population would not be thus threatened. Parties are anxiously waiting for water, and the Treasury might be benefited at once to the extent of L60 could the water be obtained. LOOK OUT EOB SPECIMKNS I-On Sunday last as a person connected with one of the companies on the Hustler's Reef was taking a Stroll hear the Alabnttyi Company's groiltidi lie espied R glitter ing object behind some slabs, and on closer inspection found three very rich specimens, which hiui evident^' been " planted." The general appearance of the specimens showed them to resemble the rich stone at present being raised from a mine on the Hustler's line. It is much lo be feared that a system of stealing specimens prevails to a large extent, and in the Eaglehnwk district it has been pretty plainly hinted that snch is the cose. It is a most singular fact that since the expose in connection with the Victoria Keef Gold Mines Company and the discharging of the men, and taking on of fresh hands, thu yield of gold has been almost doubled, and if this be taken as a criterion of what is done in other mines shareholders must be victimised to an alarming extent, enough, in fact, to make it a matter of dividends or no dividends to them. It therefore behoves them to take vigorous measures to orevent such robberies. CIUCKKT.-The committee of the B U.C.C. met last evening, passed several account?, and in structed the secretary to communicate with Heathcote, Daylesford, Sunbury, and Ivyneton, with the view of arranging for matches. A match between the first eleven against eighteen of the district was fixed to take place on Saturday, and it ia hoped that the players will muster in force, as the match ia likely to provo an interesting one. Wiclcets are to be pitched at uoon. The eleven will be chosen from Messrs Boyle, Barrell, Bruce, Brown, Beawick, W. Duly, J. Daly, M. Daly, Glen, E, Jackson, Mackay, Midwinter, M'Whirter, and Webb; and the eighteen from Messrs Allan, Boal, Bowcock, W. Beswick, Graven, D.mdridge, Dyason, Dyer, Foxcroft, Graham, Higgins, Ilechle, Junes, ICain, Leeds, Latham, Lewis, Moline, Port, Robson, R«e, Sinclair, Smith, Walter, Watson, Webster, Winkworth, Walker. It ia in view to have a match at an early date between the Civil Service and the Banks, and as to-day ia a holiday an opportunity ia aflorded (or practice on the Cricket Ground to get in trim for the event. A COMPLIMENTARY BALL AND SUPPER was given last evening to Mr John Clements, of the Campaspe, by a number of his Sandhurst friends as a mark of the esteem in which he is held by them. The part}', to the number cf thirty couples, assembled at the Commercial Hotel, and spent a very enjoyable evening, The supper was laid by Mr Giles in a style reflecting the highest credit on his taste, and proving him to be sn excellent caterer. The dancers tripped it lightly to the music of Mouaghan's band till an early hour. LYCEUM THEATRE.-After & very long season broken only by runs to Spring Creek and Castlemaine, Stanley and Holmes' dramatic com pany took their final leave of the Sandhurst public last night, there being a very fair attend ance on the occasion. The farce of "The Alarming Sacrifice," the burlesque of "Paris, or Vive Lempriereand the farce of "The Ghost" were played, and with unusual spirit. Few companies have succeeded so well for such A length of time in the Lyceum, and » great deal of the success is due to the excellent management of Messrs Stanley and Holmes.: FAREWELL BENEFIT.-By advertisement it will be seen that a farewell benefit ia to be given to Mrs Fatherly on 2nd December. RABBIT COHBSING.--A largo number of gentle men were present yesterday on the Back Creek Cricket Ground to take part in the sport of rabbit coursing. Some of the dogs engaged in the coursing were of a wrong description altogether, being of the ;large kangaroo specie, killing the rabbit immediately after it had been started, and thereby depriving the sport of any enjoyment. There were, However, a number of smaller dogg on the ground, which were the means of affording greater sport to the onlookers, inasmuch as the fights for life by the " bunnies" were of a more prolonged nature. What perhaps proved the greatest sport of all to the spectators was the starting of a rabbit in the middle of a ring of boys, they being informed that whoever caught it would become its possessor. The chase proved a long one, and the manner in which the rabbit eluded its pursuers was very amusing. THE WEATHER.-The thermometer registered in the shade at Messrs Joseph and Co's, Pall Mall, yesterday as follows :-Nine a.M, 64°; noon, 75°; three p.M, 77°; six p M, 72°; maximum. 84"; minimum during the previous night, 49°, Barometer-nine a.m, 29-170 ; six p.in, 29*70. A.v ACCIDENT, which will probably prove fatal, occurred at Williamstown on Sunday afternoon. Some children were at the Alfred Graving Dock, when a little girl, about six years old, accidentally fell from the top of the dock to the bottom, and into a pool of water. She WAB immediately rescued and taken to tho residence of her mother. Surgical aid was obtained, and everything done that was requisite. The head was found to be dreadfully cut and bruised, and the surgeon ia of opinion that the skull is fractured; but the extent of the injuries received is not yet known. Last evening the poor little creattire was still insensible, and it was feared that she could not live till morning. VERT LIKE A SALMON.-The Launceston Ex aminer throws doubts on tho identification of the fiali caught in the Derwent as true salmon. "Lounger" aayo, "I thought the fishermau Ikin had immortalised himself, when the two salmon smolts were caught in the Derwent. All Ilobart Town went to view them, and the Parliamentary leave-taking dinner was graced by their presence -that is, the two fish, preserved in spirits, were placed on the table in a tantalising sort ol way. The majority preferred to eat the salmon, tile minority to drink the spirits. The salmon com missioners were undecided as to the two fish caught being real salmon or not, and strongly objected to one of their number involving the board into an absolute expression of opinion. I( such he not the case, why an advertisement in the Gazette of 2nd inst, from the salmon commisaoner^, thus-' the Governor has approved of a reward of L30 being offered for the first salmon or grilse caught in the waters of the river Derwent or its tributaries.' The italics are my own, and I talte it that the majority of the salmon commissioners have their doubts respecting the two historical | fish, said to be salmon. I call to mind that the fishermen of the Derwent have had a quarrel with the commissioners, respecting certain piscatorial matters involving the knowledge of the habits of the fish frequenting the Derwent, and possibly may have laid u plot to catch some of the c->m rnlsclQuors m %{? O'.yn r)?f, Ifw tlwy ijot m> 