"These Dogged Spies with 'false Reports.'" — King JOHN, IV., 1. The Parkes episode in our political history naturally and properly resulted in Mr. John Stewart's rejected report. Of course he who had affirmed what has kept the country for seven months in a state of unexampled excitement— who has filled society with apprehensions as miserable as his statements were false — who has opened a campaign of religious strife of which no one can see the end while all denounce the object — of course, he could not now affirm that no conspiracy existed, and that he never affirmed that it did. And it was right and fitting that such a man as he who pre sented the report to the Committee should have done so — that the fellow who is for ever denouncing the public benefactors of the country — sneering at the service of dead patriots and insulting living ones — the poor buffoon of an Assembly upon which wit would be as much thrown away as eloquence — that Mr. John Stewart should father Mr. Parkes' production. The document in assertion, in argument, and impudence, is worthy of its parent and its sponsor. It commences thus in its statements — 1\. It lias not been proved before your Committee that any conspiracy for the purposes of treason and assassination has existed in this country. Nor has any evidence been produced to show that it was ever alleged by a former Colonial Secretary that any such conspiracy existed. So that the whole press of the colony, its Legislature, and its people, have been under the gross delusion since August of last year that "a former Colonial Secretary " had solemnly asserted and as solemnly reiterated the assertion that such conspiracy did exist, and that the Treason Felony Bill was rendered necessary in consequence. This is all a lie. It is Mr. Parkes who has been slandered — not us. It is against him that a damnable conspiracy has been formed — not against the Duke of Edinburgh. Mr. Parkes has been the victim of the plot of some who had scandalous and lying language attributed to him that he never used or dreamt of using. He never uttered a word against the loyalty of the colony, and yet for seven months a libel not by but of him has convulsed the country — filled its press — occupied its Legislature — been in the mouths of every man, woman, and child here — and been mocked and laughed at in every other part of the world. The almost universal condemnation of our papers — the reprehension of the entire press of Victoria — the scorn ful incredulity of the best papers in England of our guilt— all these have been invoked and excited by the brutal calumny that Parkes spoke what it was alleged he spoke, and what lie never denied he spoke up to this moment. But, says Stewart — the heavy High lander — the wearisome ' wut ' of Parliament — the chivalrous assailant of dead reputations and helpless clergyman — whose walk ing canes are harmless- It has never been alleged by a former Colonial Secretary that any such conspiracy existed. Is not this a nice state of things ? When, on Tuesday, the loth December, 186S, Mr. Macleay moved for the appointment of his Committee to " enquire into and report upon the existence of a conspiracy for purposes of treason and assassination, alleged by a former Colonial Secretary to have subsisted in this country," Mr. Parkes addressed the House. Did he then dare to hint that he had been misreported, that he never had alleged what the Committee were about to enquire into ? But after all the most fitting sequel to the whole of this dreadful business is contained in paragraph 6 of Mr. Stewart's report — No proof has been offered that it was ever alleged as a fact by any person that one or more of a band of conspirators had been murdered. So that Parkes has even in this been the victim of a fiendish plot to fasten upon him and his reputation for ever the Kiama spirit — to bind his political character to a corpse — to persecute him with a ghost. After this Mr. Punch wants to be assured of two or three things — 1\. Is there a man named Parkes alive, or has there ever been such a man ? 2\. Is there in this or any other country a place called Kiama? 3\. Is truth dead and buried and cursed for ever in this place ? Why do not many of our advertisers make their requirements very much more intelligible than they do? Here is one, for instance, which requires explanation : — ANTED, tenders for building a large store, open three days. Apply, &c.; Does that mean that the store is only required to last three days ? Or to be so constructed as to he capable of keeping open three days daily ? If the latter, the advertiser had better apply to the Carpen- tarians — none of our "chips " being qualified for such a difficult job. Public Officers. — Barmen. 