?'V'lii: -'? '*: NELLY'S*. NEW ' YEAK.' .-''. ; i .1 '. ... -[I'-apii the agbosy.] ;,.. ? ... j, .-.: ], ?-????:. (.Concluded from our last.') :'.?'- ?? ?? 7.-i TEhe next morning Matthew drove me in his r'gig,down to .Hopwood gate to see, the child jwiuob. .* had been, left there ou New Year's ...morning, or rather Jh . the dead of the night, (.as Mrs Evans told me; Of course there could, -..no.t.be any. real likeness .to anybody at that; jage,; but I knelt down beside the old wooden' oradle and peered into the little face as it i- ,'SxpGcted to find out all about its short history. ?(-, i» «o ^uia luuocu ±i\3iiy ,n uuuu { null WUv wUS- -the father of it?; and why was. it brought here?; , and what had the surly .stranger who: had' , cursed me. to. do with it?,., 3?6'r' now I felt . certain that it was none other than he who had .left, the baby at Hopwood gate. . I aaked to! see the clothesithad on, but there, was nothing! jin them toanswer any of my questions. They were just plain unmarked .clothes, not very .well stitched ; certainly not, Nelly !a' stitching, , for I could havetswprn any where to that' as well ,fflB r to her handwriting. And ; besides the' .?clothes 'there was nothing but a piece of an jold horse rug which had been, laid within the1 -basket. It was a faded green and black rttgjj ,andupon it in red braid were the letters N.b'J r'/,N.b.,'J said I to Matthew, ' I often seeN.B.i .in the, newspapers; : . ^What . does it mean ?'; .'Tajke, good notice,? Baidihe, smiling.1 : ' Ycrai may, depend: upoa, me for that, 'said1 1. j -irlt'was easyiwoirkio persuade Mrs Evans to ?;give' up the poor- lost forsaken child' to my ,«are ; with two pound ten out of the fivepoufid .note that had been left with it in the basket. I «jould not tell for certain that it was Nelly's, Jbaby, but my heart was softened towards all ?desqlate children,, ami I thought maybe this ?was my way for doing what Dri Ramaihe ' was (doing. The, first time Dr. Eomains passed by he left hit» carriage and' came into the house to see the, child;, but of course he could tell no; more than I could, for it was notbiDgmore nor Jess than a little red round baby fade, likej snodt other : baby' faces. l But for another; jaorsel: of heart-comfort to me in myhurni-' liation Dr. Romaine said I must get the child tshristehed, ' and * that he and Matthew would : ?atand godfathers, and I should be godmother: to it. No one in the world knew batter than our dootor how to lift up those who had fallen. So .the first Sunday I was seen at onrparish church after our trouble waa when we all Went together in Dr;. Romaine's carriage to iave the bafoyinamed after him, Victor Romaine. i After, that there was no1 need for anybody to lemind me to take good notice of every person who^drove along our road. ; Not a gig or tax cart passed by, but what I looked shai'p enough »t the name upon it; It- seemed' to me as if tthose two letters N.B. began to haunt me ; ?they were here, and there, and everywhere. There was scarcely a posting bill left to' be' pat into our windows, but what at the end of it fthere would be N.B. If I went : up to jjud Uord,' which I did as seldom as possible, ISf-B. 'was, sure- to stare- me in ? the face. Of 'course iBawthat N.B. Btood for Nelly Burgess ; but' that corner of a 'rug could never have, been Nelly's ;. it must belong to the 'stranger' who had gone through bur gate at twelve o'clock on : Htfew Year's Eve,-yet in Eome1 way it ielped to make me believe that- the ? child cduld be no cther.than Nelly's child; ' '??' . ''?'?* '-'. ;;;' / But when Nelly began to get : slowly better, Bnd'I was permitted to visit her now and then, in the aBylumt being cautioned not to. speak of anything which could excite her, my own un- , (easiness grew more and more. I scarcely knew whether to wish her to come back to the trpu bje and grief which lay waiting for her beyond' the. asylum.. -walls; -'Dr. Romaino also ' hung ' back from putting her to the trial which she must endure as soon as her right mind was re Btored. But, put it off as we might, it came at last- Dr.Romaine and.I, and- gentleman, one of dhe magistrates of Ludford,' whb went only as the doctor's friend, saw Nelly a day or two before she was to leave the abylami She looked almost as strong a3 67er she'haddone, exceptthat the sweet rosy colprof her cheeks was quite gone, gone for ever, and a settled mournful diinneas had come into her bright eyes, i She had not seen Dr; Romaihe before, for she had always been excite^ by the very mention of his name, whioh was a strange thing, seeing how fond he had been of her ; and now as he came into, the parlor of the madhouse, where Bhe was Bitting on a sofa by my side, she ilung; her arms about'me, and hid her face on my shoulder, ob if she was fright ened todcathi at-bimi -''lYou'are not afraid of me,; ; iNelly. 2!! ;8aicL hbj '.bringing- -iaiobair and' placing himaelf opposite us. He made her lift np her face, and fixed bis seorohuig eyes full upon hers, as if he could read her secret heart through them, until her eyelids fluttered, though she could not close them altogether. 'Nelly,' he said, abruptly, ond so sharply that I was startled, ' who is. the father of your child?'; .' .'. ; .' ',' ' : : Then Nelly's thin fingers .loosed mine, and she passed them slowly, very slowly, over thle, fingers of her loft hand, with just the ghost of a smile upon her faded lips, and she looked stf adily back into Dr. Rbmaino's , eyes with 'a look that made my very hoart achp. 'I shall never tell,' she said ; and. you knew in an in stant that her lips were sealed over that secret, and, however loDg you'might gazo into her dim eyes, you would never see it in them. .' Wha't has become of your child?' ho asked, as abruptly as before. But at that question Nelly broko into a .long low wailing, and wrung her .poor hands together, and rpcko.d herself to and fro, with no power of speech j and with such terrible anguish in her sorro sv that Dr. Ro - maine 'and the, magistrate turned away and went to a window 'at the far. end of the room', leavin'g her alone witlime. '.' Nelly, my, Anvl ling,' said I, taking her into my arms, ' Nitty, you would not let any harm come to, jour. little baby?' ' No, no !' she cried, .clingiing to me; ' ' He said he would let me know where ho had taken it to ; to some safe place, ,he said. Tiae nurse thought I should get over it, and nobody need know, so he was obliged to Uko. the baby: away. And then Ann Lme came back while the nurse' was away, and you came, and I .was very ill, and I knownothiDg else.' i'.But who was the. nurse?' I asked.. ' I don't know. He brought her,'' said Nelly, ' and she let me keep the baby all the last day of tho Old; Year.' I had it all to myself, andl thought I couli never, never let it go ; but my husband said I must, or. we should be sure to be found out.'. ' Tell me who he is, Nelly,' I whispered. Then her lips became dumb agaiD, only she kept wailing and mourning after her lost ohild. She' was very much excited, as vro all expected heri to be, and we dared not then urge her \yith any, niore -questions, jl'ain sure, Neljy wai3 not^ quita right in her mind when^she came home,! hut as soon as she Baw the baby, and heard all; I had to tell her about it, her. senses seemed' to return quite soberly and* clearly. , The way! she took to the baby, and the uiicerlainty: which possessed her. as to ..whether it was; her owii or no !, She knew no more about! N.B. than I did, and it was plain she wasi greatly puzzled about the letters, which made! mo rather lose haoxtin my search. :She took to aittingalmbst dlldny long at one little square; of glaaa which looked along the Ladford road, ! where she could see every traveller that came by without beirig seen herself; and the baby would be on her knee, or her foot on the rocker of his cradlo. I knew, well who she was.look- ' ing for. When riighk came on, and she could, watch the road no longer, she would fatten hor i eyes upon tha baby's fa.oe, aa if she avbb trying to satisfy herself , that it was her lost child, but always there would creep over her own face a look of troubled uncertainty. Thore was one thing noticeable in Nelly, that whenever Dr. ?Romaine's . carriage earne in sight along the Ludford road she fled like a scared ohild, an I fastened herself into our bed- chamber until she was sure he was gone by,' when she would come out, trembling and shivering, and take up her old post by tho square of slass, listening nain fully for .'tho sound of his return. He bade me keep a very keen eye upon any letters which might come, to her, or whioh she might write ; fop it was necessary to save her, if ! possible, In spite of 'herself, from the consequences of -her sin, and this we could only do by the discovery of, what had become of the child. . But no letter came for Nelly; andlhough aho- wrote many, she. always tore them up and threw the pieces into the .-,fire; whereat the . baby in her arms would laugh and crow with delight.. ? It vrali ajbout nine; o'clock one night towards the end of September, and I had just finished . teljing Nelly the story of the New,¥ear*s Eve, when. I \ heard, a- very long .Way off upon the Ludford road, just the same sound of *alimpirig horse, lanae on one foot, as I heard it when I was kneeling upon my knees watching the old year out. My heart seemed to stand still, and nay fleBh to creep, but I had strength to master myself. Nelly, was not givingc much heed to any soundout of, doors,. and I wonderedthat she could sit there- so quiet-; and unconscious when her secret was coming out. For it was coming put — I felt sure of that. I would not let this man slip through my fingersi I got up before tho sound. came quite near; and took the key out .with me, though: the gate was not locked at that time of .the night, and I closed the door quietly behind me. By that time the gig, with two gentlemen in it, was stopping before the gate, and waiting for mo to open it ; but I could see little of either of- them, for thoy were both well cloaked up,: though1 the air was^soft and mild. : ^Please, sir, what is your name?' I asked, trembling all over, but riot with fear. |« What's that to you V- said he who was driving, in the surly tone I recollected so well. *-? I've a message,' said I, 'to a person who. will give me a. particular name.' ' You'ye no metsige for me,' he said. What was I to do? Matthew Heigh way ; waa away that, evening, or ., almost eyery^other ; night of the week he weuld have, been within ! call ,of my voice. Here, was Ji a lone wom^n ;'. arid I could not stop, him by'iorce, andil was, very little' likely/to .get, anything out of, him ; !by persuasion.' The qther gontiemari; neither I spoke ?nbrBtirred'; .but N.B.,. if it wasN.B., ;Avas,lasbing: the shafta with, his whip,;as it im-/ tpatient .to' .'get onj, I, pretended to fumble .at the lock, and then' I ran into the house for a lantern.' As' I came 'out again he'sp'oke in.his 'surly 'way. 'Curse you,' said he, aagrily; ;' is- this gate' always' locked .?^: It. was. not looked then, but I made the pretence of it, you see, to go rouhd:at thd^lsack of the gig with my lantern. . I saw in an instant that the name, was, there, painted in black letters on a dark green ground, but I could read it; dis tinctly enough, 'Nicholas Brown, Publican, Ludfora.' Nicholas Brown !— N. B. ! I plaHtod myself at the horse's head and laid my hand upon the roins; and as I did so I saw Nelly sitting quietly by the fire, with her chin resting upon her thin hand, and her dim eyes staring into the red flames, but not a sigh pr a shiver to tell that she felt how near to her he was, who had made our .whole year a year of shame and sorrow. 'You are Nicholas Brown,' I said. 'You are a fool or a mad woman,' ho .replied; ' open the gate, will you ?' ' No.V I answered,' not till you tell me whoBO child it was you tookthrough this gate last New Year's Evo at .midnight.' ! But as I spoko he sprang out of the gig and Iried to wrest the key out of ;my hand, while. I. hear^ a .stxarigo .Bound,., half, ,/cryjaud* half grdaii,'b'Srst irom llie lips of the gentleman who was w&h; him. But before ho succeeded in getting the key .from me, and wbile my fingers were crushed in his strong gripe, -I cried out in my dread lest he should escape me, 'Nelly ! Nelly !' In aa instant the surly: stranger loosened his hold of me and stood as still as. a stone, staring towards the door,, which had been opened by Nelly as soon as she heard my cry.. It was all dark and gloomy without, but there she Btood iri a blaze of light, with the ruddy gleam of th&-fire playing upon her ! white oheeks, and her fair hair* an^ her eyes lit up with the sudden exoitement of my call of hurry, and terror. The other gentle man had got down out of the gig, and had come up behind us ; but not a word was spoken by any one of us,, and you might have heard the rustling of the falling' leaves, as , the light breath; of the evening swept from the treesl ' Nelly ! Nelly 1': said the stranger, but. in a voice bo changed that- startled me; and it seemed as if I had heard it, or. one like it, hun dreds of times before. . '.'Don't oome any nearer to me,' she oried; with ; a gesture of her pretty hinds as if she would drive him away ; 'you have been false and cruel to mo, and I wish never to see you again. Only! release me from my vow.1 Let me tell what I; have sworn to Grod to keep seoret.'.'t'f. Alfred 1'J said the gentleman behifld me, and! started as if a thunderbolt had fallen-atimy feet, for it was Dri Ro.maine's voice} and! I turned round! and sawr Dr.. Romaine's face, but white audj haggard as with long suffering. He put his', hand through hisiBOri'fl arm, and led him into! the house ; and then he sank down into father's; arm-chair, and. his- grey head drooped upon.his| breast, andl. saw his lips move, but whether; with whispered words or with trembling I could! .not, tell. . My heart a had sorely for him as '?? , well a.3 for Nelly, but I grew impatient at the i silence, .' Oome here, Hannah,' said the doc- \ tor, without: looking up, but stretching out his ' hand towards me ; and I went to his side, and laid my rough had in his, which he grasped tightly, as if it was a support and comfort to him. I could see Alfred Romaine' now, a tall, handsome, evil-looking man, to my thinking; but I had never set eyes upon him before, for most of the time father and I had been at ithis toll-galjehehad beenout of the country. Nelly llad'pttt the table betweon herself and him, and her fac3 was as white as death. ' Do you know,' she said, apeaking with a look of terror, ' that I have been confined in a mad house ? And all because - of you and your , cruelty ; and you couldlet me stay there,' arid never speak a word to set me free, or to clear my name.' 'Why, it was :. useless then,' he answered;; 'the mischief was done.' ' And now,' she said, 'I stand in daily fear lest I should be called to give an account of my child. What have you done with him? Where did you . carry , him ; off to ? Tell me quickly. If you have any mercy, tell me what you did with my baby.' ' I took it down to Hopwood gate, oB I supposed, to your: sister,' ho answered. ' I thought that would satisfy even you.!' I understood it allin a moment. He did not know that we had left Hopwood six months before ; and it was to me ho was bringing the child, thinking that no one would know -oi its birth, and that Nelly -would see it often, and know it was well tended. But Nelly's eyes were fastened upon him with an eager beseech ing in their gage, arid hi gtancedatfay from her to; his 'father's bowed-down head.'. 'Well, well,'.he said, 'it is no great honor to belong to me, Nelly. I'm fleeing almost for my life, and this unpleasant little interruption may pre vent me gqtting-aTVay la Safety,' ' thqttgh Br.' Romainehimself is, aiding ime'tb escape.' It is little honor to be thei wife of a felon ; but it is' something, to be Dr. Romaine's daiughteri' Drir Romaine's daughter 1 The 'houae '.'swam rouadibefore my eyea ; the little homely house, with its shelves of :pewfcer, and the fit'e-iroris gUstenin'g. in the chiriiney-corrier, and the old cradle, where the babylay fast asleep. I could aoarcely believe my 6 wn ears, for ftelly was only the . child of a p-dof tdll-gafce-'kee|ei'j thdrigh we thought' her so clever,' and like a lady' bornj Bat to be Dri-'Romairie^s daughter!' ' Yes,' he continued, with .a half 'laugh,' 'Dr. Romaine' has often' urged me to give him a daughter, and now he will have one Just as.he lonett hie Uoa. .But, ^elly, 1 did vitt} knew you were come put of the asylum J and what was the good of claiming you aa my tyife while you were there ? Poor Nelly 1 So yoh; never told,; and never would have told, I be- . lieve you, till I freed you from your promise.' You will find your child, Qri Romaiue'a grand aoD, ? at Hopwood gate. ' Good-bye', my poor ; Nelly; there's no time for farewells. My father loses a sonj but he finds a .daughter.' There might- have been a glimmer of remorse and: tenderness in bio heart) but he tried to bide it under a bneer against Dr. Somaine* §ur doctor looked up then, with a furrowed fore ' bead and bloodshot eyes; and, without glancing ! at Nelly or his Bori, he took hold of roy arm ; and leaned heavily upon it to the door. There ? was no time to be losti as Alfred Romaine said, and in a few minutes more (what he' and ! Nelly said to one another in their brief fare iwell I never knew) I opened the gate for them ito paBS through and curtseyed to thorn both, jNelly'a husband aridNelly'B father.' ; Wasat up all night, Nelly arid X V bat when 'the superiritenderit of police,- whom I had known well by sight sinoe- the beginning of the year, drove past furiously, I did not1 tell. who jwas npon the track of her husband. Neither did I kneel downj as osiNew Yeat's Eyffjbut |as: I sat 'still'I never ceased praying that he might escape for Nelly's sake, and I longed for the day; to dawn, or for the sound of. the limp ing hoof-beats along the road.' 'They camo both together, for iri the very first grey of the morning I hoard it returning up the road, and ran out eagerly' to await its coming. Only Dr. Romaine \va3 in the gig, and he told me that his son had got safely away by a quick train. Ho bade me put on my bonnet and cloak, and ride into Ludford with him, but he saidnota word about Nelly, and I felt uneasy at his silenoe as .'we drove on into the town, which was not yet astir: Dr. Romairie'B house was situated within the town, but it lay a good way baok froin the street, with a fine lawn be fore it, and a carriage drive under a row of elm trees up to the portico before the door. A grand houBe it wosi and ? I never Bet foot in it without feeling ten times more ahy of our dootor than wheri he waa in our quarried kitchen at home. Dr. Romaine ordered break fast to bo aet before me, wbioli I could not taEto, and then he rang for; his carriage,. and told his servant to drivo' to St. Margaret's -Churob. It was all truel There was tho rlBgisier of Nelly's marriage, and the- tears came into the .Doctor's eyes .when he. saw his 'son's signature to it. I wondered what he was. gdingjto do next, for hq ordored the 'carriage ;to be.driven roiind to -the office of ? tho'&idfdrd; Neius, the paper which father always road, while he smoked his pipe in an evening. We went Into a room, and a gent^mfm banded a. pen and a sheet of paper to Dr. Romaine', who -wrote something npon it with a very shaky , hand. I am not quick at reading writing.and I felt very nervous ; but the Dootor was as patient as could be, while I made but the fol1 lowing words ; arid he had put the letters N.B1. before them :— ?' On February iJ7-, 1861vat St. Margaret's, Ludford.. Alfrod, only : son of Victor Romaine,; M.D., of that town, to Ellen j second daughter, of Mr John Burgess, of. Lud^ ford Road toll-gate.' This was to .bepkoed among the marriages, an I among the births waB to be printed, «? OaDacomber 31, 1861, the wife .of Mr Alfred Romaine, of a son.' ; Father^ read them both the next evening over his' pipe.. „., ,. : .t, , -. .,..., ? .???.;..-?,;-..-? '. ! '.'' I don't know to, this day whether- it was not; a rolief to Nelly to know that she would never; see her wicked husband again ; for though he' got safely away, the news of his death reached; us not; very lJDng afterwards. .Nolly wentjhome* to Dr..'nRorQaihe'8 grand house, : and,rthen it'; proVod true' that Bhe was a,lady. born,; though' she was never the same, light-hearted, rosy; Nelly .she 'had once bee'n». It; was a:pipture; to see her sweeping, in her long silk .dresses; through the beautiful rooms witn little yiotor! iii her. arms. ?: But I was never quite at home I amidst grandeur ; | and Lliked best for Dr. Rq-; inaine to cbm4 to our^ farm, Matthew's, and; inihe, and follow me into my- dairy, or across j the fold to the, cow-shfios,. with his old gracious ' smile upou his ,face) as j^ictor trotted along at | his side. Nelly profeises to be jealous of, me; as Dr. Romaine's. favoiite ; but how pan that 1 be when she pan play to him on the piano.be j has bought for her, and hold converse with; him about his, difficult books ? while, if I talk; 'to him afr all, it must 'seem only like the | ignorant stammering of a child who can only : look up to him from a distance. Only ..one i thing we have in common : that we both know j the secret question which we are each. whia-j pering to our own hearts, and may be that is: the reason I am & favorite with Dr. Romaine. ? 