OUR STREET. Your readers are duo for an apology on nocount of Mm temporary stoppngo of "Our Street" during the last fortnight; but “Front de Bœuf,” like very many wiser perhaps if not better men has boen giren up to hero worship and races-to the Prince and Homebush. Not that I havo been honorod by any special notice from II.R.LT. I have no brotherly or sisterly thousands a year wherewith to entertain royal guests, and afterwards pay the Piper ; and BO I have been content to view aristo» cracy from a respectful distance-, without eithor a breast pin or an invitation to bo eaten a la sauvag eat the Fy ¡a eithor a luncheon with royalty on "the Duke's Day," or a private box to seo tho Honorablo ïïliot ? STorke play Hamlet. Strange to relato I have in no woy been taken up by His Boyal Highness, who possibly has left these shores in blissful ignorance of tho existence of "Front de Bœuf” or the wonderful celebrity of “Our Street”; but, then, bless us and save us ! Tho Prince had lots of people to toady him, without expecting any extraordi- nary demonstration from your humble servant. Some of his moat distinguished (yes, on duo consideration I will use the word) satellites could have been quite well dispensed with ; for 1 observed they were on ocoasions not happy in their advice about what to baok. H. lt. H. ii really a good hand at picking winners; and exorcises lia judgment like an Englishman, as the Bookmakers, or lome of them, found to their cost. Ho is all right when lie backs his own fancy; but of course goes wrong .when lie ia put off the proper track, because some officious worshipper, volunteers the information that soma certain »inner has afatpellee. It struck me that Prince Alfred erjoyed his visit to Sydney right well ; for he was allowed to come and go in " Our Street" liko a gentleman, and not like ono of Barnum's Intest wonders ¡ and whnpver caused this creditable state of things deserví s much kn los. Bis Royal Highness was well found in horses, carnages, and servants ; had a .proper escort when he went abroad j end was " graciously permitted", to amuse himself in his leisure hours après sa maniere.- So be walked, or drove, or visited the theatre?, as and when he himself so willed ; and took his team, on the three days, to Homebush in right Boyal stylo ; making ono quite wish to have a visit from him at least once a year to enliven tho somewhat monotonous routino of New South Wales "Vice-Royalty. However, tho Prince has left us, taking, with him tho hearty good wishes of every soul in thia -variegated commonwealth. . ... " Since last I wrote, Parliament lins , been prorogued tho business of the session has been brought to a happy conclusion-Ministers have given'their monster piante and honorablo members ;bave.retired in good prdor into winter quarters at their respeotivo homos. Being thus ridded of tho people's representatives, His Excellency Earl Belmoro has returned with his family from his country seat at Throsby Park/ and Government House will nt once throw wide ita .doors to the gay crowds who will assist at tho time honoured winter festivities. Talk- ing of festivités, and tho grout picnic ; I'm sorry I can't giro you any particulars j seeing that I wasn't there ¡ lisving had n pretty good" hint to- stay away : and thia reminds me that, sinco' tho present Btate helms fflsti has handled the yokelinei, I havo never seen any Ministerial tickots knocking ubout tho oflico ot Bell. Mn't you good frionds ? On tho occasion I refer to, thorn didn't seam much difficulty about getting tickets, if I aught judgo from tho way I saw - them about ; out I supposo that your name,'like my own, don't begin with tho right letter ; though after all thoro is something 𝐹𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐ℎ𝑦 about “Front de Bœuf.” Oh! Dony, Dony, «lid i/o« novor realise tho fact that Kissing goes by favor. Hie curiosities of advertising wo nil know to bo 'immense, and I notioo they aro steadily increasing with tho mnroh of intellect. At prosont tho . ighth pBgo of tho .V .1/.- Herald is decidedly tho most interesting; I .vthough, as somo learned philosopher is reported to . »id of Johnson's dictionary, tho stories aro rathor i short and unoonneoted ¡ and I have come to the con- clusion that the samo may. be said of all other news- papers in " Our Street"-always, of course, excepting " Bull." Going to Homebush Races last week, of course, I purchased a book; and not being a horsey man, I amused myself on the road by reading the advertisements, of which there wera sundry pages. Among othor things, I carno across an intimation that '. instead of naming the lowest prices of their goode," Messrs Poapes and Shaw " profer to advertise articles that they cannot recommend to their customers." Here is a novelty, indeed, and one which would never have entered into the heads of the most distinguished hosier of thirty years agono; and yet I fail to see the connection between tho " instead'' and the " preferring." I give it as I read it. In Thursday's Herald appeared the following very lucid bit of informa- tion :-" Wanted a partner, with £150 to £200, as partner (Protestant). Address O., Herald ofllco." Now, O. j O! if you didn't want this partner as partner, what the d-1 did you want it for? As for the money part of the affair, I-guess that most people would strongly probat against handing over £150 or £200 even to O. at the Herald office, on suoh slender knowledge of what was to become of it. Sir Terence Aubrey Murray has not long possessed tho new handle to his name without appearing prominently in print. Doubtless my friend, " The 8trangor in the Houso," made.special mention of the honorable knight*" share in the post prandial arrangements, with ¡hi view of enabling his fellow colonists to hand down to poiterity a true end correct copy of that wonderful and imp -osf ive pieco of cloquenco which Sir Terence delivertd at tba banquet in tho Assembly Hall. Tho knight took the bait without a second thought ; he required no pressing ; and a certified copy of the great speech is the property of every one who invosted three-pence in Tuesday's Herald. It will be some time before Sydney sees again such feasting as the last month has produced. For tho present, Settman's occupation is gone ; Compagnoni, Cripps, and Courvoisier are in the dumps, no doubt, for lack of lunoheons ; and O'Brien rests quietly on his oars, awaiting tho proper time to purchase poultry. In the meantime, tho cry is "Bless Captain Cook!" The foundation stone of the great circumnavigator's monument has been Royally laid ; and things really look »a if Sydney would some duy have a tribute raised to his memory. It hus been long a doing-let us hope it will be done well. Tho Patriot io Association having been,* tc my thinking, rather scurvily treated over theso affairs of Cu plu i ii Cook, is now preparing to assert ita influence, with proper ellect in tho next election of Municipal and Parliament raen. The members of this body ought to 00 powerful indeed ; and so would they if they stuck together, which, fur my part, I hopo they will, to show us at the outset whether the institution is to be far good ar evil. Let the former faot be once established, and tho A.P.A. will have tenfold the support ever yet vouchsafed to it in " Our Street." It was a (natter of much regret to mo that the rain on Wednesday night provented os largo an attendance at the Prince of Wales Opera Houso, as tho objcot for which the performance was given deserved. The House was but poorly lilied, and consequently the amount realised of course falls far short of what wns anticipated. It never has fallen ts my lot, however, to witness any- thing more pleasing than tho kindness and zeal evinced by the ladies and gentlemen who got up and took part in the performances; and indeed “Front de Bœuf” Hives all honour to tho members of the theatrical pro- fession who oamo forward to assist a suffering sistor, and show respect to the memory of a departed fi ¡cud. Much yet requires to bo done ; but there are active can- vassers at work, with subscription lists, and I for one have so much faith in tho kindly feeling and liberality of "Our Street," tliut I fully expect to seo avery handsome sum atrired at whenever the treasurer may call in tim subscription lists. It is not necessary that individual subscriptions Bhould be large ; let each giro according io his or her ability, and tho good work will coon b>> accoinplishad without anyone feeling anything, savo the satisfaction of having clono a good action. Sinco getting rid of my bilo in the first portion of this letter, I have read the remarks of the Hunter-street old lady louohing tho Ministerial pio-nio, and greater bunkum I never caine across. It hus come to something when tho great political organ of a great country dovotestho whole of its drat leading column to questioning the propriety of SODIO six or seven gentlomen inviting sixty or seventy friends apiece to eat salt, alfresco, at tho end of a Par- liamentary session ; and if anything can boat tho absurdity of such a proceeding, it must be its extreme impertinence. I don't BOO what objection thero can be to a man because he is a Minister feeding his friends, any more than to tho Mayor of "Our Street" giving his annual ball, or tho Governor keeping open ho ise for a week, as he does at Christmas time ; but I m oh ques- tion tho propriety of so grave a Senorita as yt» Sydney Morning Herald turning herself into a " lounger," or aping “Front de Bœuf,” and attempting to dictate to the folks of " Our Street," what they shall havo for . iii nor, as well as who they shall ask to eat it. I declare it won't astonish me, now, to seo tho " By Jove, Sir!" style adopted in tho leading daily's lenders. My little friend tho member for Windsor has been getting "fitp," at tho hamil of Mr John M'Q.uado ¡and 1 should think it must have made that queer little hoad ache to have its road board salary docked quietly down from £10 to £25 per annum, with the anything but re- mote prospect of having both tho ealury and the position done away with. ,'Hold your tonguo Sir !" quoth tin burl y John ¡ *'and only speak when your masters teli you." Oh, Walker! Walker! what a sad state of things for you to como to ; not but what I dare to soy you had » presentiment of coming troubles when tho Premier of " Our Street' made those new magistrates. By the byo, I wonder who will bo member for Windsor after the eneral o'ection. 1 can't toll you much about the Parkes testimonial' Its out of my line; for I've no idea what the object is, or why Parkes ehuuld bo considered a fit object for gener- ous peoplo to give their pence to. I thought tho great ghost seor had had a pretty good spell of office, with a pretty good salary, travelling exponaos, special trains and other manavlinB ; and it .docs seem tho very essence of cheek that he should require tho peoplo to subscribe to put money in his purse, before he's been a bare six months un-salaried. Other cotmtrios would never stand it ; though I suppose hero wo must, and fancy ourselves honored by being allowod to ministor to the wants of -?tioh a gentleman. Speaking without prejudice, I honor Parkes as a poet, murmuring by the etrenm ; and if he hud had good servants instead ef bud ones ho would never have gone to the bad with tho Empire ; but as a states- man and politician-faugh-tho very look of him is enough-as if ho had always a bad smell under his nose -and hia look don't belie liiiri-ono bit ; for a trigger aharlatan never represented a misguided and boniglitod constituenoy. This latest financial scheme, however, quito puts tho " kyebosh" on all previous doings ; and Mr Benedict's money lending friend shall bo called the PAlooler nonn/ter. FRONT DE BŒUF. 