ST. ATTGUSTINE'S CHURCH, UXLEY. On Saturday afternoon the ceremony of laying the corner-stone of the Church of St. Augustine at Unley. took nlace. The afternqou was any thing but favourable for the occasion as a few S 'a' portion Sfthe Proceedings. The tet. however that Lady Edith Fergusson had consented o lay the stonef attracted a large number of spectators to the ground, and around the site an enclosure decorated with bunting was formed for the convenience of those takmg.an active part in the affair and the accomme.latinn of the ladies. It may be well to state that the idea of erectinga church at Unley was originally entertained in October, 1S62. when some steps were taken such as fencing the land and preparing plans, b or lack of support, owing to many opposing causes, this movement fell through, and oper a ions were for a time suspended. Towards the close of last year the subject was once more brought forward. The lion Thomas English was appointed architect, ™la«leBignprepa^.byMr.TjiomM-x«^g agreed upon. It is mended for the present to build th« nave only, at a cost of al»ut £4.W. Of this sum £200 are now m hand, and four gentle men of the Committee have advanced as a loan the ram of £200. This loan it is proposed o re I nav by the weekly oflcrtories and. pew-rents, of thJ church when opened for Divine Service, which, it is contemplated will be in January ^ext Meanwhile, for a period of not less than two vears the Kev Henry Read, M.A.. Incumbent of Mitchain? andtheKev W. H..Mudie,of (ilen Osinonl have, with the sanction of tie .Lord Bishop jointly undertaken to perform Service.in the chuS'at least once each Sunday. wUhout stipend. entirely devoted to the repayment of the debt ''TilTbuildingwiHbeinthe early English Gothic Btvle. consisting of nave, chancel, and trarscpt; but as i started above only the nave will be at present elected, with seats for about 140 persons. The entranre will be from a neat porcli on the south s Ie The gable end facing the Unley load will be finished with a bell tower and turret, reaching to aheig t'f £4 feet, and rapported by a centre buttress with Gothic windows on either side. Such gives a somewhat nove and pleasing appearance 'to the design. The size of the interior of the nave will be 44 feet m length to -J) feet in breadth, with an open boarded ceiling. The chancel end will be ornamented internally with a handsome archway so constructed as to facilitate future extension. Surhc.entlujhtwd De aumuieu uuuuku u»u'--- — ...r.. --'--,- windows, one on either side of the entrance porch and on the opposite walL The building is to be executed in Glen Osmond stone, with cement and freestone dressings, and roof of corrugated iron The estimated cost will be £»H). and thecontract has been taken by Mr. David Deans, of Mitcham. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Edith Fergussor. accompanied by Mr. Moms, arrived about half-past 3 o'clock, and were received by the Lord Bishop the following clergymen also being hattendance:-Ven AreMeacon Marn^t. Canon Farr Revs. D. J. H. Ibbetson, J. PolUtt, tL M. PolHtLD Reid. H. Howitt. T. Field. W. H. Mud e A Honner. andScott. The clergy assembled Jt the'rfsidence of Mr. C Day from whence :t hey walked in Drocession to the site. Ine service was ™n?ePd^ngingthe 164th Hymr .prayers were then offered by the Bishop, and theKw. w. H. Mudie read the lesson from Genesis «v'«- Mr N Oldham next read the subjoined docu ment a copy of which had been engrossed upon narchment and was, with a copy of the ifcf/uter ffiHuer of that morning, and the coins of he realm, hermetically sealed m a bottle to be placed 'In the name of the Father. Son and Holy [{host, the corner-stone of the Church of Saint Aucustine Unley, South Australia, was laid in Owyeu of our Lord 1S69. on the 14th of August, by Sy Edith Fergusson. in. the 32nd year of the reiirri of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Adelaide Itis proposed to erect the building in £wT v BLLB A.- the architect being the Hon. ll¥S!dSftu Augustine's Church, Unley, August l^WM-Tg Hon. T. English, in handine it to Lady Jwl it£ said-I have been requested \y. the ladies of the district to present your Ladyship with this trowel to lay the foundation-stone of this church, and have to request that you will be pleased to accept it as a token of their love and esteem, and that youwUl retain it as a memento of this interesting occasion. The Bifhop said-In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation-stone, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost The usual ceremonies having been observed, the stone was declared to be well and truly laid. After another hymn had been sung, the Bishop pronounced the benediction, and then called for three cheers for Lady Edith and His Excellency, which were heartily responded to. His Lordship also in a few remarks, cut short by a smart shower, tendered the hearty thanks of the Committee to the Governor and Lady Edith for their presence on the occasion, and the assembly then dispersed. A collection made realized £20. The musical arrangements were efficiently carried ont by the choir of St Paul's under the leadership nf Mr Watson, and the choir were afterwards entertained by Mr. Styles. 