POUCE COURT-ROCga.lXPr<H. Thursday, Ju!)/ 22. BHFOEK tlie Illico Magistrate. Hdw »rd Trev'.e. appearod hef-ire the Court on. three eepurate charges, indecent expnsuw, using otaren*1 language, and wilful destruction of a cnn ptnblu'a uniform. The Apprehending Con stonie Stretton, established (lie List two charges, on the first lift was ordwpd to bft dischargod. Fi'.fd for upine'ohflcene language, £2, or6 w.eks, with h ird h!mur in ctinl, and for destroying; the Uoiislnble's uniform, ÜÍ 5s. or 14 days in tfaoî, Kilon Connolly, summoned Wu Her ('liarlos Clifford, for nun-payment of eura »ll »wed by tho Boich fir (lie pupport of hi« ill e^ i lim if« child, air 'ir^ from Muy to July* nt the rule of iOa, per week. Tl).* Uoncli mi dc an ord-.T for the pity* ment ol'tho sum chimed, with all Arrara. TUR subject of pauperism in connection with emigration continues to excite discussion afc liome. and st is indeed impossible that it should esc tt<e the attention of Kiglish politician*. Our hurdcn of poor-rates is inc easing, and becoming; creator than we cnn bear ¡ and it is natural that we should look for relief to thc waste land of the colonies, no« Iring idle for want of men to cultivate it. Tt is unfortunate that tha terra "pauper" should ha i-nported into the question, as it may prob ihly tend to créale II prejudice against »tutu emigration in the milds ot Hie col.mists. liiere are too many of these (ircj unices extant already, very much to Hie injury both of the co'ontas and of the mother country ¡ but I believe that they may be got over by judicious management, mid by the pro- pos il of some schem» which, without flooding tho colonies with paupers, will benefit them as much as it relieves us, by tabing from us some of OUT surplus labour and adding jt to your ecanty atcres. Wlutever scheine of the kimi ls agreed upon, must of course depend for its suc- cessful elocution upon the cordial co-operalion of the local with the Imperial Govsrumeut. London letter. Argus. SPKAKINO of the probable fate in the Assembly of the CounoiTd Amendment of the Cotton lînnuB Resolutions, che Queensland Times s*yst-" Ju igitig from the accounts wu have received, the Government as a whole hardly know what to do in this matter, and it is considered probable hy some that it. will be left an open question. Ministers roting independently as individuals, and »ol asaCahinK. This would b*> a sorry spectacle to bc presented by a Government that lias b-en thwarted and I humiliate J as Hr. Lilloy's Government bas b en of lato. Tile Premier took hisdefeit. on bis highly elaborate ** project of a IBW" for local Government with seeming nonchalance but he must ktrow rory well that su:li defeats damage a Government. And how humiliating was the vote on Aridity to enable. Dr, Ketnbull to dui m a petition when Ministers lind so strongly expressed thnir opinion that the vote ought not to pass ! What again caa we think of the position they were left in ou Tuesday evening oa the Uris ia:ie bridge question P Such con- tení -itiiniis treatment of a rosa-ure of such imp irtauce, so introduced, has eeld im beni, sulfured by u Government. We do outsiy that Ministers ought lo resign in consequence of these things, but we say timi ii these thiugscontinue -and they will continue unless abettor course is adopted-loss of office mu t inevitably un i ' ere very long be tile result. For u Ministry to r fuse to accept the responsibility of dialing with thisolto:t bonus question, in the boreel' being utile to avoid offending cither side of the House, w mid he simply contemptible and, be- tween the two stools, there would bsa miserable fall. It is to be feared tint the Gjrcrnmmt will nut take an enlightened view of this question, but will make the extravagance of the Kstimates au excuse for re usiii^ this most just, and neces- sary concession to our agriculturists. TUG hopes of th's Fenians have bcßu awakoned anew by the recent delicate stale nf thu relations between England and the United Slates. Mr. Sumner's Sprech, declaring that we are respon- sible for tho whole cost of the civil war, and laying thc American damages at s ?mw fling hie fnur hundred millions sterling, lins produced a very uiieisy feeling tn this conitry. There in i universal belief that nothing but warean come of it . Su.'b cunpeusation aB the Americans desire it ls of course impossible fortis r-vento entertain. lt would bs cheaper to lighl than t-# fay. Ko nation with any sense of ils own dignity can fur a moment submit lo llu iusulmit [ demands of the Americans; and it is gratifying to know that there is not a whisper here of fur- ther concessions. Even thoBe who we.c f>ro most in denouncing tho cu'iiujt of Eugliti.t during tho civil war-conduct which I believe lo have been only too generous and tnugunuidious -are found inveighing against (hoextravagance aili wickedness of Mr. Sumner** speech. The latest news from the States appears lo be a lillie more pacific, the Ameriuans everting that they ure surprised at the importance which we have attached tu Mr. Sumner's speech. Bat as that speech unquestionably expresses the lcd in i of a vast majority of tho Americio people, 1 do in.t know how we should take it other than seriously. The situation is very grave, and all depends upon the instructions which Mr. Motley, the new American ambassador, brings to London. If he makes any formal demand upon us, in tito spirit of Mr. Su'nner's speech, a war between England uni ihe United States is inevitable -London Letter, Melbourne Argus. WHETHER Tlerbort or Macalister, Lamb or Taylor, preside« itt the Land Department, the centre of the system is to be found in the little private office of the S4rvcyur-Gouer.il. Ministers come and go; Land Acts are amended or ebolisbed ; the squatters rule the roost to-day and the *' liberal " and democratic politicians to-morrow ; a new spirit we ure told animates our law- makers and guides our destines, but it does not matter; thc urbiue, placid gentleman who governs the Survey department, docs not chango. To all the innovali ns of tho <iay ho Bimpfy opp"ses his grand principle of inaction -passive resistance-and to manipulates Lund Acts and regulations no matter how framed, that as few persons us possible arc permiltei to ruin themselves by attempting the occupation of the country for any other than pastoral pur posos. Anyone that will give the matter the least consideration must see that whatever laws may be passed to facilitate settlement, it is in the power of the Surrey Department to obstruct the operation of thoBe laws to an almost un- limited extent, and it is notorious that thia hat always been the practice of Mr. Gregory, and naturally enough, the same spirit pervades the action of his subordinate. We are assured that more than one Minister has vainly striven to overcome that gentleman's masterly inactivity; but when a Lamb, or a Taylor presides the beat understanding naturally prevails between gentle- men whose object^ as far as the settlement of the country goes, is "how to do it." The Minister who puts in a claim for several thou- sand acres of land more than the Act will admit of any one person selecting, merely lo tire out those who are waiting to secure some small v. , portions of this choice country, eau have no ! difficulty in working amicably with gentlemen of the Gregory stamp, whether Surveyor General, Crowu Lands Commissioners, or simply licensed surveyors-they are useful ta tile M inister, and the Minialer does not quarrel with his friends. The result is that Air. Orta jry was never more tuprcimly supreme limn ai the preseut moment.- Courier. 1ÏXTR AOllDTN AUT OoCCnUT.Nil*.- Wfl take ?the following from 1ho Burmn<ju»$ ??Uaw***! Palurda? ¡ n reads reinirfcably " tenn iii mal," hut is treat «ul of ceii^utîy bí ihe j<mrnalM : hi the-c enlightened time* 'it seems almost nu ; absurdity lo t.-ilk nb-nit gh wt* miking *heir «ppearaneo, bul llie folhmiug ^ateim nt nf wh *. hue Mullen three respectable men re H i iiiig near Yoiiiij;ii-uulheiitic,aud univ bu relied upon liv our reidar>:isi-ob glint Vii tiree -ureferivd lo íirr «P'TIIIHJ ]I ».-tri und nils for fencing ut a piara about i'"ur miles" fruin Wiling, new the. lliiee-iiiijo und the «dd I»UÍUT ]i",h. The Hot time ihey t+nw anything unusual wa* on one «ïi-oti'i^lil ni i.1 ht, iihout three weeks ngn, when {Ii ey were nineh ^turtled hy seeing in tho bu<h IK><M- Hie hut, u while < il. j "et about thc size of a eut, hut of no p.irtieubti' form Tl ii* extiaordi îioty-louiving o'jeet suddenly before, tboir eve» sprung up into a whit.» upeeir.* about eight fett high. They culled our. to it, but rou ld get nu re ¡-'y, struct, it with » slick, und it fuunded holló-*, lt ulKÍ chuied tu*i of them ONO way, end one »nuttier. On »not her occasion ihey re. (ired to hod at the uewd hour on a culm el ill night, went to sleep, a uti slept fur some time, »nd, ui'On one unking np during, the night, ho nu« much surpri^M to il ii: i thin* thu whole oftho roof of the hut hud been remnrcd. On looking out tlie.v Bin- the spectre, but no one el eu wits atioiik und t liv ? are ull quito sure that neither on (hil or tho furn ur ocu-i.iii wn^ it tul.er H man or a woman. Ita soddenly rising bo fi J re their eyes from a mew nothing to a height of eight feet, quite du m b 1" undfri (hem. Another night they worn mindi surprised at w-'ing n strange, uneiirihly -lo.iking uiiirn*d eoniewluit re- sembling ii dog, with a long «hain attached to it. Th ie alumni carno right hi front of the hut, and -commenced grinning at them, but mudo no iioiee, either hy btirldng or otherwise-, dire the oc-asinnM rattlinp of hid chuiu. AB the animal would n^t go away, one uf tho men (who waa a food shot) loaded a gun, ind G rod the contenta dirent at the brute, but the eliot took no cüect Upon it. Thc dop, or whatever it waa, retnuincd for come considerable time. Ou another night the dog seemed to have returned, tor they heard I he rattling of a chain and a noise like «hat a dog voulu malte when licking a plato, Upon ituking outside, they aa«' I hat a plate ulrich liad been left there waa in motion, but they could not we what caused it to be so, although they -could, while looking, distinctly hear the same iioieo described above. They watched it for fiomo lime, thc pluto being kept in moitun, and lim noise bi ing divine.ly heard as if tho plate was bei np licked by some animal, Sunday Inet th en H men ernie i du Young, und upon one of them returning in the evening he found that the door of the but had been pulled down and its contente brought outside and left lhere. Two offche throe tuen arc trail Itnotvn to n^and we feel confident that what we have stated may ue reded upon BB the truth. A ahophord told fließe men that some time ago two mon who were there splitting quarrelled, and one tilled the other with nu axe, and afterwards fell a tree on Lim, and that it wus nothiug extraordinary fur the murdered man'* ghost to snake ita appear/i ncc. The men will m opt probably be in town tu-night, when we ahall hear further par t icu In re, wi) ich we ehall not fail tu give in our ti I'S t issue. TIIEUE have been serious riots in France, con- sequent upon tho approach of the general eleu tiona. The feeling against ** personal govern- ment" is one which unit CB many sections of French politicians n gain st the K-npirc.'aiid if it ia reacted, it U not unlikely to lend to domestic troubles. Til oso who are beet ucqum'ufed with the temper of the Fpenoh people, declurothat there hus been no euell wide-spread discontent et any time during the imperial régime as now prevails, not only in Parie, but throughout the provinces. The Emperor, however, ie strong in umvemd snftVngc. There cannot be a doubt that the millions will return precisely such can- didates as the prefect and the priest may select, and thus there will bc again au orer* helming DVrjorily in favour of imperialism. Thc Oppo- sition, however, viii gain many seats of which they hove hitherto despuir'd, find it is certain «hut they «ill curry all the cute in Puris enormous majority.-London Correspondent of Mtllourne Argus. TUE London Economist has nn article con- demning the practice which seine ol our ba tike liHTe adopted, of eelirg »a wool'brokers, end flute tima concise}}* the maia objections lo this innovation upon sound bunking :-11 Kar a bank to act directly as a purchasm1, consigner, and eeller of prodi.ee os between one country und another, ÍB decidedly a* variance with sound end prudent principles of banking business, und foi two reasons :-1. A hunk ÍP u lending and not wi inventing institution- au int'itu^jn intended to make advances to prudent and reepptrubh customers, not to compete with such cuetomerf in their own markets and in their own specie <-oninioriitioa. Aa a lender a bunk mult han bot wer n i I enif end the fluctualioiiB of produci TPiirkets tho character, cnpitid, end ekill nf t prof lionel merchant, whuBe primury businesi it is to walch and follow thc vicissitudes o SDppdy and demand-a inn rt ion for which < bank bas neither Hmo, experience* nor m ichi cry. I. A bank deals chiefly with thc mono; of other people, held on deposit at short not ici end loaring interest. Money so held canna with prudence or enfety-perhnpR with pt ric honesty-be employed m dealings in com nindi til's which, from the tinture oftho case xnust be store or Ieee speculatvm& " TTatB THIEVES.-An American paper state that in consequence of the demand for hair o pecuïior colours and «badea, a new brand ot <ftíoptic industry11 has eprutig up in Ne* Torie. It appears tbit the bair thief abound in the horse cars of tho city, whore the eicue of putting hie elbow on (lie window enables hin to operate with greater case j but ho ie also t he found in every place of public gathering, tb church included. The tressne dangling bellini the iicad are his eaey prey. G i G j N TIO fraude by employes of public cara p mieg appear to hare token the place of «li bunking and financial «windiCB which have bee continually cropping up sh.ee lKu'6. A paralh t-ifhe caeeof Higgs, the clerk to the Centre Gae Company, has occurred in Paris. On Taillefer has em be «led from the Union It turu nee Company, one of the largest Fire I« «urance Companies in Fr »nee, 1.500,000 franc* and 1,700,000 franca (from £60,000 to £88,000; It would fae a great service to public campwin if tlie particular? of frauds of this eharnclcr wet .carefully collected und published, und, we ai inclined to think, wuuld prove the best pr* vonlitive againBt their repetition, 