" CENTRAL POLICE COURT.' I Thursday. UüroitB their Worships Messrs. Lovoy, Pinhoy, Birrell, Smithers, Aldcrson, and Barnard. Of twenty-ono prisoners who wore brought before tho Bench, seven wero discharged, and four were remanded. Two persons wero fined 6s, each, and thrco were lined 10s. each, for drunkenness. Michael Furey was charged with stealing in a dwelling. Constable Higgins deposed that on the 30th March he apprehended the prisoner at Barnott's pawn office, and charged him with having stolen a gold watch and chain ; received the watch and chain from Barnett in prisoner's presence. Charles Binnington, of Burwood, gentleman, deposed that on Monday last his house was broken into and robbed ; the watch and chain produced, his property, and worth £10, were taken from a drawer. Charles Barnett, of Pottinger-street, Sydney, pawnbroker, deposed that on Tuesday evening the prisoner offered to him the watch and chain produced ; they corresponded with similar articles reported to him as having been stolen, and he sent for the police. Committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions. Francis George was charged by Matilda his wife, with lwving assaulted her. She stated her caso to thoir Wor ehips, and said thut she had no desire to punish him for the nssault, but to be protected for the futuro. Defendant was thereupon ordered to enter into a recognisance with, sureties io keep the peace six months. Andrew Dennis, charged with having unlawfully and without leave absented himself from his indented sorvico to James Arickery, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to bo ' imprisoned three dayB. ' i i Sarah Clifford was summarily convicted of having pickod from tho pocket of Isabella Swan, a bank note of the value of 20s., and was sentenced to be imprisoned throe months. AVilliam Richard Walsh was chargod with having felo- niously wounded a cow, tho property of John Bond. John Bond, Saltpan Crcok, deposed that on Monday ovening last, at his father's request, ho examined somo cows hiB father had just driven home, and ho found that ono cow was ' wounded on the thigh; she had been shot with ironstone gravel, and he took a number of pieces, as hig as pens, from her flesh. Adam JUond, of Saltpan, deposed that, on Monday afternoon he was searching for cattle on defendant's land ; ho saw de- fendant leave his houso, carrying a gun, which ho saw him uro in tho direction of eoino cows on nib (dof ondaut's) land ; witness thought they were his own cattle, and wont up to defendant and charged him with having wilfully shot at them; ho found, however, that they wero his son's, and drove them home ; defendant alleged iu roply that ho did _ not ghost at the cattle, but at some crows. Committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions. < < On the summons paper were six cages, of which four wore not prosecuted. James Cleary was fined ¿0s. for cry- ing for hire with a dray not having been lictnsod as required ¡by tho Carters' Act. AVilliam Chandler was flnod 6s. tor an assault upon Charles Young. i / j Tub Rosteb.-Messrs. Oatloy, Campbell, Hordern, and Benny have been summoned for Bench duty on. Friday. 