The Adbertiser FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1869. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 30. In the Legislative Council — The Waste Lands Amendment Bill was read a first time. The CHIEF SECRETARY produced returns as to scabby sheep in the South-East. The CHIEF Secrbiabt obtained leave to in troduce a Bill to amend and consolidate the law relating to prisons. Inreply to questi3na and remarks of the Hon. iJ. Baser and other members, the Chief Secret aby stated that the Government would do nothing abont opening an overland route to the Northern Territory, and that it was left to the discretion of the Surveyor-General to return overland or not, as he saw fit. The House adjourned at 2.35 till Tuesday. Id the House of Assembly— Several questions were asked and answered. Petition No. 23 was ordered to be printed. The Waste Lands Amendment Bill was read a third time and passed. The further consideration of the Council's amendment on the Land Fond Bill was post poned. The Contagious Diseases Bill was read a second time and passed through Committee. The Promissory Oaths Bill was also read a second time, and passed through Committee without amendment. The licensed Victuallers Bill was passed through Committee, and several amendments were made. The House adjourned about a quarter past 5 o'clock till next day. The absorbing interest attaching to the Government plan of increased taxation qnite excluded the consideration of other topics, or we should have again brought under the notice of our readers the scheme introduced by the Government for effecting certain changes in the con stitution of our tiro Houses of Parlia ment. As the public are aware, the Bui for effecting that object was rejected by the Upper House ; but the question is one that ought not to be finally deter mined by the vote of that branch of the Legislature, and we nesd offer no apology for introducing the subject once more to public attention. The points in which the Government proposed to amend the Constitution Act were the following :—To make a slight addition to the number of members in each House. To increase the number of Ministers from five to six. To prevent Government contractors sitting in Parlia ment. To make it optional whether the Attorney-General should or should not have a seat in Parliament. To enact that instead of one-third of the members of the Legislative Council retiring every four years, otu-faurth should go out when ever there was a general election for the House of Assembly. Such was the nature of the reform proposed by the Govern ment, but the Legislative Council, by a majority of 10 to C, refused to allow the question to be discussed in Committee. The Register, quoting the names of the majority, describes them as the " solid " voters, Bays that Mr. Morgan's motion hints suspicion of a " caucus," and fur ther remarks that the idea of some secret cohesion is countenanced by the fact that, with the exception of Mr. Morgan, none of the gentlemen who voted against the Bill condescended to specify their objec tions to it. Of course our contemporary availed himself of the occasion to have another fling at Mr. Bagot; but the cause of this being so well known, no further reference to it is necessary. Now with regard to the rejected Bill, and the general question of the amend ment of the Constitution Act. It is to be regretted that the Bill was not allowed to go into Committee, and still more if this j is the result of an unreasoning and " secret cohesion ;" as a caucus, any how, is only tolerable as a dernier ressort, and there is not a particle of cause for caucus legislation in the Council. It ia almost universally admitted that the ex perience of the hist 12 years shows that in several respects the Constitution Act needs amending, and when once in Com mittee the whole subject could have been freely debated —not only the Bill, but the question. Whatever was objection able in the Bill could have been struck out; whatever was deficient could have been supplied ; and if, after all, the measure was not so improved as to please hon. members, they could have refused to adopt the report of the Committee, and bo the Bill would have fallen through. There was not the slightest necessity to carry it up to the third reading, because of its having been read a second time, and hon. members knew that very well, inasmuch as tivey had just previously voted for the second reading of the Bill to amend Sutherland's Act, on the express and avowed condition that if it was not so amended in Com mittee as to meet their wishes, they would throw it out on die third reading. And a perfectly legitimate course too; bat we cannot see why the same principle should not have been adopted with re-' ference to the Constitution Act- and the more so, inasmuch as the necessity of its being altered in several respects was ad mitted on all hands, and because unless the Constitution Act is amended it will be absolutely impossible to amend the Electoral Act, so far as relates to the number of districts for the House of As sembly. It is agreed without a dissentient voice that Yorka's Peninsula must be sepa rated from Port Adrfaidft, and be formed into a new constituency ; yet even this de sirable change cannot be effected without an amendment of the Constitution Act, and the Council have thrown oat the BilL It is true the Peninsula might be declared a separate district without amending the Constitution Act, if two other districts were to be rolled into one, so as to keep the total number still 18, but to this there would be great oppo sition, and it is therefore to be regretted that the Council have refused to allow the Constitution Bill io be discussed in Committee, and have consequently d?w nied to the Assembly the opportunity of rearranging their own electoral districts as desired. Certainly this is a vary " solid" way of legislating. It was admitted that it would be better not to insist upon the presence of the Attorney-General in Parliament as essen tial to the formation of the Ministry. It was admitted that it would be better not to allow Government contractors to sit in Parliament. It was admitted that there were other points that required altera tion. These admissions were made by those who voted against the second read ing of the Bill, and yet they refused to go into Committee, where alone those climax which they approved could be affirmed, [and those which they disliked could be amended or rejected. We do not understand the Hon. Mr. Ayers's dislike to a full and dispassionate dis cussion of this subject in Committee, because that hon. gentleman has more than once proclaimed the desirableness of amending the Constitution Act; but we suppose the new members who have just been returned were of opinion that the Act which returned them must be perfection. Of course we except from this remark, the Hon. Mr. Dunn, who openly declares his preference for nonai nwfljam—an opinion that may certainly claim credit for disinterestedness. The great bugbear was—the proposal that 25 per cent, of the members of the Legislative Council should go to the country whenever there was a general election for the House of Assembly. It is true the Chief Secretary said he would not insist upon the retention of that clause; and that it might be amended, or struck out. But no matter. Hie ghost of public opinion haunted hon. j members, and could not be exorcised. But why need members of the Legis lative Council be afraid of meeting their own constituents ? If they had to face ! the constituency of the Lower House, the case would be different; and we need not remind our readers how often in the Legislative Council hon. members claim i to represent especially the propertied classes of the colony. On the very day on which the Constitution Bill was thrown out, and not two hours before, hon. members cheered the sentiment of Mr. Stow —that as the Council was elected by land purchasers and holders of pro perty, that House ought to have an inde pendent and separate vote with respect to the Land Fund. And yet, immediately afterwards, when it is proposed to send only one-fourUt of the members to their constituents at every general election, the dread of public opinion induced grave and solid senators to hurry the Bill out of existence ! If at the proposed periodical retirement, hon. members had to appeal to the constituency for the Lower House, we could perceive the force of their ob jection, but as they would only have to appeal to their own constituency, we do not Bee what there was to fear. We have often heard of electors declaring that they had no confidence in their representatives, and sometimes with good reason; but here we have half a score of "solid" senators virtually declaring that they have no confidence in their own electors ! In these remarks we are not expressing unqualified approval of the Bill, or any thing like it; although we think, as the Bishop of Adelaide says, that it "erred by defect." Other modifications are needed, besides those introduced by the Chief Secretary, and this is a strong reason why the House should have gone into Committee on the question. With re ference to the additional Minister, the Hon. Mr. Solomon disapproved solely on die ground that it would have entailed a new salary. But that does not follow. We heartily concur with that hon. mem ber in objecting to any further addition to the expenditure on account of the Civil List, and would strongly support a proposition for dividing the present salaries of the five Mmintnrn amongst the six. The remuneration would be quite sufficient, and the country would gain the aetyiro* nt w* "AAiiinnml M"?i?faw without one shilling of extra cost. There is no ne cessity for such, high salaries; what is now paid is quite as much as we can afford for the Ministry, and we are sure, with the keen competition there is for office, that we should get quite as good a half dozen for the money that we now pay for five. It is a great pity the Bill did not go into Committee, as it might have been almost entirely re-cast. We well remember when the present Consti tution Act was introduced that the then Advocate- General (Mr. R. D. Hanson) said—" Give me the title of the Act, and then insert whatever clauses you think proper." And so it ought to be—ln a case of this nature —which is essentially different from ordinary legislation, ft is not proper for a Government, raised to office on wholly different grounds, to dic tate a new Constitution to the country. The thing would be insufferable. Even one House ought not, in such a matter, to dictate to the other in reference to points specially concerning the constitution of each House. Let the Assembly deter mine how many districts, and how many members they will have, how many shall form a quorum, and—generally—all ques tions affecting its own separate existence as a branch of the Legislature, and let the Council have similar freedom to settle corresponding questions relative to its own affairs. Of course, eventually, and before any Bill can become law, both Houses and His Excellency, on behalf of the Queen, must concur in what is done; and we do not say that either the Coun cil or the Assembly should acquiesce in anything that is unreasonable, even in the constitution of the other House, or that would enable one House to neu | tralise the rights of the other. But bo far as the constitution of one House doe' not interfere with the rights audpmi kges of the other, and ifa fair shan o weight and inflaence in the legislation of the country, each House ?hoold, to * considenble extent, be left by the other to ahape itself aooording to its own ideas of public utility. Only in this spirit of mutual forbearance and concession can any two Houses of legislation ever come to a common conclusion. In this respect we agree with the Hon. Mr. Stow, that there is no reason why one House should be exactly doable the number of the other, or why one House should dictate to the other how many shall ait within its walls. Public utility is everything in aottien of Hub kind; and there is no political principle in arithmetical mul tiples. Let the Assembly, in the first instance, decide what the Assembly ought to be, and the Council what the Council ought to be. We say—i'm the fin/I instance, because in the end each House must, of course, pass judgment on the dcisiona of tbe other ; bat there is a great difference between that ultimate reference and joint concurrence, and a preliminary mapping out by one branch of the Legislature of what the other shall 1 be and do. We presume that those hoo. members who refused to allow the Constitution Act to be amended, think that it is not likely to be improved. Well, there is some comfort in that. It is, at all events, a testimony to the good average results of our Constitutional system. Bat, friendly as we are to it, and satisfied as we are that it hat worked well, we believe it susceptible of improvement. There is no reason why we should shrink from amending a Constitu tion Act more than other Acts. Let it be remembered that ours is a written Constitution, England's an vnicrMe* one. Now the difference is that a written Con stitution is fixed, rigid, and unimprove- ' able, except by an amending enactment; whereas an unwritten Constitution, like ' that of England, is always growing and j expanding. Depending upon precedents, decisions, usages, and sessional Bills of various kinds, it keeps pacs with the onward movements of every age ; and we may, therefore, say that, although there is no English Constitution Art to be amended, the Kngliah Constitution itself is being amended every year. We need not specify the amendments made last session, and now mairing this session, in the English Constitution, nor need we be afraid of ?"nlr*"g amendments in the Constitution of South Australia. 