LATBOBE. (From our own Correspondent.) I omitted to notice in my last conunu nicbtion the fact that the bridge at Fossil Bank hfid been repaired and oace more rendered available for traffic. But for the praiseworthy exertions of a few resi dents in this township, who raised a sub scription for defraying the necessary expenses, communication, except by the previously named circuitous route, would doubtless still bo cut off. AHA.TEUB COXCKUT. The Latrobe minstrels have decided to hold their performance on Wednesday next, the 17ih itist., at Mr Bloch's store, insteid of Mr Nathan's as originally in tended. TI1E RAILWAY. Intelligence was received on Saturday last that Mr Andrews was the successful tenderer for the three miles of railway from Eimberley's Ford, which announce ment appears to have given general satis faction here. It is rumored that our neighbors «t Torquay anxious to share in the benefits of the railway have deputed one of their townsmen to consult with the authorities nt Hobart Town for the extension of the tramway to the beads. We can only say we wish them succeos. and it will undoubtedly be for the interest of this township that such should be accomplished. smppiKO. The barge Seymour is expected here daily with the remainder of the railway iron, &c.; The s.s. Percy arrived here this morning (Friday) wi.h a full cargo, and left immediately after discharging. BNAKE STOIIT. Tho snakes are putting in an appear ance, and the first, so to speak, of this season's snake ' yarns' reached us yester day. One of the railway employees in search of some timber felt a slight move ment under his feet, and on looking down saw a large reptile (ol what species I am unable to state) wriggling its way through the grass, but in alarming proximity to his lower members. With the axe which he carried with him our informant ' let drive' and lopped off his snakeship'a head and portion of body, when lo ! instead of giving up the ghost as he was natrally expected to do in the ordinary course of nature, the severed member glided away quite unconcernedly, and disappeared into a holo. Such is life ! November 12, I860. 