OUR PARIS LETTER. (From our own Oorrospondont.) PAns, May 22, 1869. For the Inast fortnight we have boon dtncing on a volonuo. The privileged publio election moolings have taken place, and no ano Is sorry that they ure over. The law demanlds that an interregnum of five days shall take place before the ballot commoeces-two days are prescribed for this operation, so that on Mon day evening next the curtain will fall, and the new French Prliamnont will be elected. It is a lung ltimo since Franuco has witneosed so deadly a partystrugglo.Itis simply between the Revolutionary party, backed up by the Orlean. lits and L.ogitimists, and the Emporor sup. ported by modlerato thinking man. Order and liberty with the Emperor, is the cry from one camp, Revolution and its ohances, that from the other. Now to the mind of every rofltecivo man, what Franco: first' wants i soourity-order, and it is only the strong arm of Napolconlem cati sueceusfully wield this, The Frenoh want many liberties, orenjoyed by hi linglishmen and Americans. No ono denies pi their right to thom, but many question their at present fltenes to possess them. Behind the It untraumnolled exoroise of libdrly in Franul, as ttalks ReUtolution and all its horrors and ox. ta coesoe. Thlo]imnperor gives an lnisthlmont or ti liberty proportlionato to the deenerts of his 0 subjocts To give all at omis, and hu forced tl to withdraw tlihm owing to abuse, would be it a perilous proceeding, and fliatal to the throne I as all French history proves. The Emperor is known to be the flirt liberal in the Empire. g Hou daily gives evidences of his anxioty to a rank his suhjeats as 'froomen worthy to be a free, but he has to. respect tbth fears of 'theo " wise", as well as the follies of the "bravo." n "You dositoe to boTfreo, but do not know i hoe to ie just," said once the Abbo Sioyos to J lid countrymon. During the last fiftoeen days i the "Reds" or `mountain party refused to a lisen to 'any moderate 'candidato-oven the' t 'idn who won for them, by their eloquonce, a th4i limitod, liberty' they at presont. possese, Like Saturn;,tho Revolutionists devour their I ohildren. On two occasions,' the mobs-for I they were nothing else, burst into the places t oftmeeting, tore- down railings, burst open s dobrs, refused to hear the epoalcors they differed a from, mnd on gaining the street they shouted I seditious' cries, . ohanted iprohibited songs, vobiforated for Revolution nnd a Republio. In c th streoot trees wore uprooted, stones die- I lodged and thrown at the poliooe, railings torn I down, so that it became necessary to olenar the roadway with cavalry, while thdepolic' o harged the aide paths. Ono. Insrpodior 'was loft- for I dead, from the blow of a life preseyvero, and 30 1 polioenian.wero more or less wounded. Up- I wards of 132 arrests were made, the parties being lodged in repariate cells-of this number 5f0were students, and 70 laboring mon and artizans, the thtro-fourths of the total being I iiudor 20 years of ngo. So thus has' ended the playing at Revolution,.whioh frightened so many persons out.of town. The noxt day. the Emperor aomtnpanied by on aido do camp, drove round in an open carriage, all the : revolutionary quarters, which was 'very plucky. In ' the timo of Louis Phillippo the pross was' wont to ear castically remark-thl King has roturioed to the Tuileries froma drive and no attempt was made on bhi life.. It is not so with' the Em ! eror. He has done a groat deal for the work ing classes, ihas taught thnm to make'and stvo money, and the 'reultotfthe general election will be an overwhelming majority in his favor. Spain still occupies the most prominent posi tion on thecontineot. The disorders are beoom. ing more frequent as the oeooptional condition of things is prolonged. .The'Fronoh Govern. ment has seized on the frontier largo consign ments of arms, under the name 'of agrioulturil implements, destined for the Isaboilists. ' This is very loyal towards 'Spain on the part ot Franice. But no. ono, believes thitt her er majesty ihas the ghost of a chance of being restored. As for Don Carlos Ihe is still in Paris, mourning the hopes that leave him. lIo lte no monoy'now, and what partizans leo has in Spain are without a leader, and have no military organization. In the Cortos the discussion on the constitution is drawing to a close. Perfect religious equality hue not been voted, but then toleration has been secured. Isabella's prayers do not appear to have been heard. She' had a "'Mase" recently offered up in Paris for God to' forgive the deputies who were going in for religions freedom. 'The form of monarchical government will beto voted, nnd the KIing question laid aside for a time. In the interim Serrano may likely .be invested with the poweors 'of Regent, for which lie in paculiarly fitted, and Prim-the master spirit of now Spain-will continuo to be Minister of War, along with being President of the Council. Prim has the whole of the army with him; lie is braveo and far-seeing. 1Io has quietly got rid of all colonels with a leaning to'tho Bourbons. What Spain wants most now is a man of capacity and firmness like Prim to deal with the finances. The oxehoquer is empty,' pillaged by the late rulers, who oven discountod its future. This will be remedied by and bye. Cuba, that pearl oel thebo Antilles, is not likely to be lost to the mother country. America seeorm inclined to give up all pirationl attempts against the island sinco France and Englnud have expresosed theoirdisapproval of the filli busteri)ng. Italy has had a change of Ministry, but of no moment. She lihas ceased to bo an ale mont of linropean disorder, since Austria has conoup againi witlhroneh ed vigour,likoAntanua after tonohing the ground. At Rome, Iia Holines sooms to speculate still in artillery, and these peace makers daily practice along the Tiber. Heo dreads tMazzini more than Garibaldi. But the Italian conspirator is fit death's door,'ho is suofering from cancer in the stomach, can beat- bit little food; and smolkes like a chiimney-some 50 cigars per day. Austria and Prusasia are becoming civil towards each other, and Biamarlc, seeing theor is nothing for him to do ii Southern Germany for some time, is about translating the 2Enoid into German. Outside of the elections,' Paris has been very gay. The weather might have boelhved itself butter; hero we are in May, and have quito a wintry time of it. The Prince and Princess of Vnales, and the Archdklco Victor, brother of the Enperor of Austria, have been hero and gone. Their reception was every where marlkedly polite and attentive-tleyc " "lisked in overy plcasure"-and were tho oh served of tll observers, at theatres, races, balls, dinners, and reviews. The Queen of England Inhs invited' the Princo Ituperial to visit ht,; nid hio.intends going, wheln vaca tion tiie arr-ivee--aboutt thie latter part of July. 'The Princess hlottornichl is wife of theo Austrian nmbassadtr hero--not a lhandsomo, but one of the wittidet nnd 'bost-hlnarted woinont aliv--thu soulof overy ball, publio or private. Tihe Empleror of Austria, desirous of mnarklinrg ias eateom for hlier, tsked what faivor hlie could bestow on her, and it would be immediately granted. ' "To forgive your brother, the Arolchdultoe qury." It was accorded. This Archdutlc o fell into disgraco for marrying an actress; whoso pretty :fuacoe wasn as irrelroachtble is her vii tuo. The Emnpress, it is said, will postpone her journey to Jerusalem till next year. Soltie say iCes exlpensiveness, estimated at £100,000, is a csiUe, but the retal' reason allppears to be that her Mahjesty will have enough to do in tittending the /itee at Corsica in honor of the fist Napoleoon's contonary, as well as opening the Suez Canal. 'Thu Princosa Isaboll Beanvan O. non is some 308 years of ago, very landsomo and intelligent. She had i a misemrable hlome,j a harsh mother, and no sympathlising friends. To ocoupy her time sho tookle to travel, to study languages, and got up all the "ologies." Shoe was weak bn the ."spirits," wiho drained hlier purse, and being fond of horses was often taken in by the dealers, Sihe coul4 hendh , • . · . · . . liher. revolver, too, but .then.lshet was an un. . proteoted female, , Well, liaher mothor. and somnoe rolatives applied to'~the coiurt to?treat liar as' liuatlo'; ,in ~vidliinse she would he shut, up for life, and all li her grat fo tuno go, to mamna, ' Shlo p oiieented hrbinolf belfore the judges, ploeaded her own .caus, and with oxtrnmrdinary ability and lllilne demollahelt the eons of lumnoy.,' Tio courtdeoocided to' itself talc charge of lier fortune, and to allow her £1000 a year income. A very respecotable' widow hal come to grief. She wainpursued by the attentions-of an old gentleman, and "vowing slio would ne'or consent, consented" to marry. him; g nay more, in a moment of weakness sheo per mitted him to share the anteimuptial couch, sending liar servant home'. for the night,, Judge of the womtian's position. to find lher, intended husband ai hideous corpseo in theo morningby heliar aide, and having' to reveal " the tiatter and her own ahlianto thoe'polic:i authorities I ' '' . , . , Tho ex.Qucen of Spiin' plurpo?s igoii g'to Bohe'mia to " drinlith-e watere. Flor Majesty is not s",o sit naslsh was., SitSh was at, one time a mounitain of flesh, anrd not an egre. t able one, elthor,-to look atr ? Sbhe is, as over, actively throwing boheself into Parisian amuso. meats ;`intends purohaslig ba sumimer residenceo at Hontmoreniy, itn?fthe a:entibbsb. of Pirie,' close Ipy 'tlheSister, Patroolelo,o who', s the Suporiorese of i conveot inlhbited'by. twety i Spanislh.ladie, whoseo time .is partly passed Smaiking jollies(and liqueure for thoesowto wish: I to paurhseo them. :The monks of Chirtrenso and of St. Benediltin ,have oeneo "a'long" time devoted their energee to thoe proparntion' of liqueurs, above all Greek-eabov0u all Roman Aniong the hidalgos who have lately fol. I lowed the. misfortunes of their queen--who' noverthohlts gets on well, in a splendid phlaco, Iwith some ninety servants-ls 'theo Mnrrneai d’Astorga. He had a great grandmother who, tovards the close of the lseventeonth eoontury, made herself very notorious. Site wis of a remarkable beauty'i was a lending lodylat the' Court of Madrid ; and yase married to a han. Sband who silo believed adored hoir. ,But he kept a corner in his hoar' for ,a 'beautiful o actress. The Marchioness gave on one ocossiod a groat fele, which was attended by 'all' the I- ne flower of the Spanish nrisltooracy. 'Theatri. eel represunltation took plao,: the actress In a question ' being . the star. A sham naval a ngagement followed, but this the Marohioos'ce did not attend, alleging fatigie. ' 'At dinner, however, slto was at her post, and rather ear.' prised every one by standing up and asking' her huseand if. he, knew the dish lie was I eating, and of which' he'bad'ewallowed' a few mouthful. "No,"'repliod 'ho. Then, eon Stinned the Marohioness, !'It' is' the' heart of I your mistreas--the actress --the lbeautiful 's Baltasare I" it The following is not an uncommon' type of Parisian life. A haeband,'a soft'goods moar chant, lines been sentenced to lieo years' imprl: n sotimont and fined 2000 'frainc, for shooting t. his wife's p~iramour, an old man, the father a of a grown up atamily. Thb'fathor- in-law and 'husbnud traced the guilty pair to hired a apartmentse. On being detected, the wife a demanded a separation. The husband pro o coeded to buy a revolver, sought the man who i. dishonored his house, and shot him in a' eaf6. SBoth man were burning and shining lights in the same Froomasone' Lodge. Thie wife, aied is 24, and the mother of three children, states, i. she was incited to sin by her husband, with s the view of extorting money. The wife of a theo deceased was present, and appeared a astonished that the slayer of her old man was It not sent to the scaffold. The now city loan, to pay. off old arrears, a and to complete and oxtend "Now Paris," it has booena great sococss, and must be an i immenseo source of gratification to the Emperor . and hisl' hechanan, Baron' Hansemann, after it all the vituperation they have booen subjected to on account of the improvements. ' 'Three is fourths of the , shares were reserved,, for" o applicants for one share. ot only wore the e offices proper bosolged, but the district post s officoes had to be called- into requisition to t receive the deposit fees. ' Of' whom' did the it crowd consist ? Of tradesmen, small shop is keepers, servants, laborers, 'eo.; of the "great ts unwashed who, enriched" by the second I empire, can.o to invest their eavinge in one of i- its ohiof glories. ' On the 5th inst., the Empress completed herl if 42nd year. ''Iho snow fhll of time has loft bnat I'ofew tracon as yet on featurr' promising 'to: is he " beautiful for ever." Every year seoes her a Mjoesty associating herself with some good Is work, some oharity. that' knows neither, soot r, nor country. If. contentment of mind spring g ing from the consciousness of duty well dis b charged be a means of prolonging life, eho it ought to live to a green old ago. n There is niothing new ttbsoalitely in the way . d of fashioris. The "camels hump'i" faehion of. 'r wearing the dresses behind is disappearing, g and the ladies seem inclined to,ron. intoe the g opposite extreme of wearing robes of after the 'a "yard of pump water stylo"-- this, with i ig hat like a soup plate, is considered "tlie thing." All better, lihowver, than th qiros-" a tionablo testo of itle Louis XV. ago. Floweri, ii and of the simplost kind, bid fair to cua out re jewelry. and diamondsa. 'All this is good news d for Puterfamilias. The fnabhionabloe ladies and r, of the first Society in Paris; preserve their t dresses, "and work them up into' what? \- Canoniaenls for the home and 'miasioiiary cy lergy, as well as for altar dodorationes. An,. \- exhibition of thsca articles' boeautifully made , ip ihas jnst taken plnce. f The 5th inst. being the annivoreary of the 0 death of the tl~st Emnroror, the remnanits of? a- his old guard, nfter Iheaering n obituary maness,' f marltod to the Ntapoleon Colamn intheo Phon t Veudomt, and deposited wreaths on the rail-. , ings. The old follows lthon "wenton 'town" i for the remaintder of the day, "liquoringaup" o freely. Tlhey looked well alter having lmoon is voted their increased pensimoms.' Thiecolumn it is composed of cannon taken from the :Aus d trians chiefly, and on the top is tho sthtuno or ir him who bequentlihd " the odiutn of his death, s to the royal house of Ensgland." At the caro so many in question were two lookdre on-the 0 Prince of Wales and the Eampefor oef Austria's brother. tr Tua Lounceston publio anre:now familiar with Iho roll and rattle oftthe locomotive, and thie thrillness of tlto railway whistlo. ' Not a fewtv have lhad a-ride on the rail, For toen days or a fortnight thie continotors hiave been em-. ployed in ballasting the line, which is done at theo, rate of about half a mile a day. Yoster d day the.trucks were travelling nearly as far as. theo Episcopul burying ground, and will soon' be travereing the estate of Elphin. Ten trucks filledh with gravel travel a distanco of about two mile and Ea turn'ovPory halfhoer. d Tat Fuounn BESnaroON of the aIntoe:Mr.. SSherwin will be preached in the Weosloyan h Chapol, Pattersonsiteero t tomorroiw eoningl, STAnT1u9o Gotn DisOVnreqTuAT Towrn }kILL.-T'lo T;lauinian mesoa , says :--In. iolli noa 0'renoleor the Oovernmon t" yesterday, in a etter fOrnm Mr. Onodall, to the rflfat that tla ro~fs 'wro tursadng out extraordinanrily well,' and that the' writer hoped to place the Gove rn maut iit piusessioI, on Fridlny next, of infor Inntion that would astonilh the .wholo colony i. In his letter Mr. Coosdall nnys:-I had Mr. Grarsn up justerday (2nd inst.), and I showed him all along the line of the two reofl'e. lh was perfectly thulnderstt uk. No wondes'l na I Aon't think mueh a show, to rich and c. tonsivo, was ever oan in this island," Ri??on GOLD OAIMS INn Now ZCALAND. -The Auckland hIrald of 10th lt, saysa -"We lately publisheod the arrival of six hundredweighllt of stone,, one-third of which was gold, having been taken from the Long Drivedlaidhl. 'Our'correepoadont' now wirltes us that on Wodnoeedaynight it further-body of sloneowas'Inken out of tih drive In- this claim quite as rich ans the former quantity, and that up to thbotim'bflie stoeamor's leaving at noon the following day the yield of rich stone :was atill continuing, the face in the ,drlvo looking riobhor'thano ever. When it is reomombered thath w le tho whlo the specimens hIav boein tskenfrotin the drive only, that gold has beeii found down a wiuzo in theo drive some sixty feet,raind thapi the,'topitig arid soon to' be eaturated, with' the preciouse metal, it will readily be understood what a mino of wealth the bshreholdors possess. Shares changed hands on Thursday for £190 ;eaoh. -'Noruis the Long!Drivde a solitary instaneo'of tho rich-' nose.o:theo Thames field.; ,There -nrd, soores, ofa laimdwhIoh:lifnot 'sorich, would,' iovor tholeosebe considoredwondors even in Victoria -such as theoGolden i Crown, t Tookey's,' the' Kuranui, Hunt's aed others. Tho shares:'in' the LongaDrio've('£3 Os.-';,8d. paid up) are readily saleable at £120; those in the Hom ,' wardBj3ound (£7 paid:up) are worth, £180."; WA'TEr VBLooCIrnas -A- late : English paper states that'. considerable ' interest has hoon evinced by large crowds who . asembled on the Thames Embankment to" witness the evolutions of volooipedes on the' river. The novel navigators shot along-at an exceedingly rapid rate, and- eihily distanced thb' oraft plying'on the river. Ton PHILLIPs 'FAMrL performed at the Meohanics' Institute on Thursday, evening to a vtiry"goo' audionce The first piece -was entitled "-NoIrish need apply ; or John But outwitted ;' coiomediotta written' selcially for the company by Mr, S; Hannatord, of .Hobart Town. 'Ihe. piece ,consists of a series ofvery good plctuires of Irishobcharacter, which aare well sustained by Mrsi Plhillips?and her son Hans; whilst' the chlraroter of " M'jor Bag shaweo' naregular John Bull, 'who heartily dotests -everythidg savoring of Iroliand, is an admirable piece oft oting.'" The nuterons songs introduced wore well" rendered, -nnd called for mdch' pplhiase. Tli interludoe on sistod.of'songs sung by Hans Phillips, and thb entertainment,;conoluded: with, a comodietta composed by Mrs. Phillips, entitled "Onoghtt in his own Trap," whioh was also remarkably well received.. The fnlontod performers will appoar ait thebTl'eatro Royal on Monday even ing, when "Kiig' Billy" will mako hisfliat appearance in Launoeston. DronAm?A o? THu? Ninw ZRALAND WAn.-A moneter moving diorama of the New Zoaland war 'will'boe xhibited severiil eveninge 'nex't week it' thl Moodh flihic' Institutet eomaonoing on Monday evening. 'Th6o exhibition is said to be very comploto and ineti ve tlvoi a-to sornioe of the loading incidents of the disastroue native war, and occupies no losse than 7500 .foot - of canvas. AL descriptive lecture will be delivered by ai?. oye-witness. DEATH Of Mn. JAeMl .-This gentleman, who was engaged. as as engineer on the Laun. ceston and Western Railway, succunmbed on Wednesday.to- the otfoets of. the aend -noodent be met with on 23ird lt. in- the breaking of a bloodvoesel. He had beeon in illlioalti pro. viously to this'occurrence. ' EanmATrM,--VWe regret to find ilat in our last issue, under the head of "Insolvent Court,", the name of "William Thomas Pirld" was erroneously inserted, instead of- " Thomas William Field."'! - - - - - - ? A- D.Nonaovs , Doo:-Onr attention has been oalled to a savage dog-a! Nowfound land-which 'hns ' lately,. attacked seoveral children and others. 'Heo lios on tihe-footpath opposite a shop. in Elizaboth-streot at night, and it is often next to impossible for passengers to avoid treading on-him. It wonld be.better if he were kept on the chain. MunRElt AT DELORAINIee-A VOery ' cool blooded murder was committed at Doloralne on Wednesday, a man named.Coiloy having out his wife's throat in such a manner,that death must have been instantaneious. A full t report of the inquest on' thli body will be found in another part of to-day's issue, WAT?nT?ovUsl RoEFs.-Mr. Drower ass just arrived in town from Waterhoiiso, and reports that operations are hoing carried on vigorously., Mhr. WVillinms's party have? eunk on the reeof to a depth of thirty fcot, and the quartz seonms to improve iniquality ne thny descend. . They have now something like 150 tons of stone quarried and stacked ready forerushelng. We ara informed that the reef has boon traced for a distance'ofover tiree miles, and that angular pieces of quartz containing visible gold may, be picked up ou thle surfnoo'nlong the whol of its length, -The prospoole seo far are ocur. tainly very encouraging., ... -;. AnT-Unione or LoNoN.-'-The following is a list of T'asmaninn prizoholdors as deoolared at thie thirty-third annual mooting of the mom bors, hIold in Londoi on April 27 :-Rov. J. J. Noono, Tnasmnnin; G. Hoarborough, Hobart Town; W. J. James, Hobart Towo; ;R. C. Road, Hobat T'own; Mrs. Page, Hobart Town; U. M..Maxwoll, Hobart-Town. , - LA u nAN?KcIN.-Aftior - paeslng- eoveral months in Madeira; ,Tonoriflo, and Lanzareo, lAdy Franklin has arrived: in Lisbon. - It is sltated that during her le adyship's stay in the above islandis le hhsooverywhero recoivod 'tlihe respetfls'ympathy iid ntteoution of the in TIuni S00IRTY Ion' Trin PROPAATIONecOr Tan GosPer. an Founroan ?AtTs.--Tbe annual meoting of this society was holi on April 27,' in St, Jamean's Hull. -l ho report:stated that the society desired, among other things. to pro vide this yesr frorn.is genoral fund for the maintenance of missinnaries in Australia, Now Zeaoland, nnd 'I'asmania. - Inasio Assujanon...-The O' Muollygan (who has beoon assuring .his lifo): " alh I Another word, gintleman I O henar a good denal about anroantile frauds and finanoial irregularitiese, an' I've only thin to sny: if my ixioutorsl have any bother in gottingtlthis paid, 'fiith si'll, ex terpate ist-hiroly the' thin eitting lBord; i- Actuiry, Siorotary,n and ivory Alan Jack iv ye Iol iMe yoar oitnaorendoan o' that, as' good clay Mlhlmrpuo,,nu u no.- haeIayriyM , zranti hiwnglaat to tpka harge or ythe ,ýepiet".e i,?eb A NEV FATUIrics tSqnuvAcrtqALasc .-The ap' A'iqua say :-"ti Two - young, soavant girlsi lioth, we should esay,: under eioghteen yea?''of nge, ,livid in 'the' s orvice of two farsmorL in WsYggomnakeo's Valley. Those ,young ladliog'oceuidonally nlot for congenial couvorsatlon; and on one 'of thcee bocasions servant girl No; 1,rolatod to. No. 2 how her mistress lehad given her two slaps. No. 2 proposed thatrNo1, shaould set her mnistres's ttIeao: fire t as a moeasbire of retriblition,'pro mising to do the same to her own mistress iii repriealifor "satidrytllttlo private grievances. They then separated.; and aftermeeting' oeco more to confirnm'eaclhotheots resolution, No: 1' prceeded to sot her inatr's lio?usel on fire, and did-it 'effutuallyf; 'Nbo. 2was, there: to enjoy the blaze, and, according to th'o theory of the prosecution, went quickly home, .'and likowlesoseb fire to her- master's louse. -? At all ovbnts, ao column of siloke was:aeeni rising froim the spot, and af ire-was kindled, which was forturiattly 'exting uisheldobeforer tiiitiohl damage was done;:.: Time Tolled ou,,and No. 1 -vas smitten in her consoience, and un iburdonedltheo.whbl, stbory;a tbobgr inltreds. WNo. 2 wase accordingly charged with aariidn and No. 1 was tulmittedniQuooeen' oevideice. .Unfortiiatoly, 'thereo was : no ' subtantial corroboration of thewitnosa's s tory, and the accused,, was, acquitted, with r a. ,judioious wwarning from the judge.. The precooity, of the' Iapprvir' in giving ovidence, and of the prisoner in ov-ss-examnination, were as striking as the incident itself. There will be no di{Ci. oulty now ini nacbonting for' the firos whlaih bring pe'ricidicl alarms in various parts of the country durihg the dry seasbn"." 