THE PERIPATETIC PHILO- SOPHER. "Quidquid agunt homines votum timor ira voluptas, Gaudia discursus, nostri est farrago libelli." —JUVENAL. The principal object of interest at this mo- ment is the English mail, and the most in- teresting piece of intelligence brought by the English mail is a nasty story about Lord Byron, revived by that nasty old woman, Mrs Beecher Stowe. Mrs. Stowe seems to be a sort of literary muck-rake. Her first success was Uncle Tom's Cabin (which highly-coloured fic- tion did more to bring about the American war than some people think) ; and having poured forth her praise of the aristocracy in that puerile piece of snobbishness, '' Sunny Memories from Foreign Lands," she now must satisfy her woman's vanity by a deliberate betrayal of a disgraceful family secret. It seems to me that no additional proof of the old story has been given by Mrs. Stowe, and that she is just as likely to be wrong as right. The whole disgusting tale might have as well remained untold, for the telling of it has done nothing but harm. The matter ap- pears to be a terrible instance of the evil a cackling old woman can effect through sheer vanity. Mrs. Stowe wants to make £20, and get herself talked about as the "friend of Lady Byron," and all Europe presently rings with a nasty article on a supposed crime com- mitted by a dead man, and the memory of one of England's greatest poets is defiled for the next ten years. Poor scandalous old lady —couldn't you be happy unless all Europe came to tea with you ! Another topic of importance is that of Imperial interference in colonial affairs. For my own part, I should heartily like to see Australia a republic—not because I have any patriotic sentiments, or yearnings after freedom or humbug of that description, but simply because I believe that it would be better for me. The colony of Victoria at the present moment is about the most one-horse place a man can well imagine. If the colony ever becomes a republic, with Mr. Vale, or some other equally well-educated gentlemanly person as president, I fancy that the chances of success for impecunious people like myself may be in- creased. I should, therefore, be glad to see some change in the existing condition of affairs, and I have no doubt but that there are many here who think with me, and will be prepared to take every advantage of " log- rolling" and "proper representations" to arrive at the desirable result of hard cash. " Hard cash" reminds me of the Payment of Members Bill, which seems in a way to become law. Legislature is a trade as well as the retailing of pigs' trotters and the writing of articles, and a man has as much right to be paid for the one as for the other. At the present time honourable members gain a large but somewhat pre- carious income by the retailing off their political influence to their friends, and it is desirable that they should be placed on a more secure footing. A place in Parliament may be now worth from £300 to £2,000 a year, according to the ability and voracity of the holder. To strike the happy medium, and fix a certain income for our members of Legislature, seems most desirable. It is unfair that one man should make more than another, for as all men are equal, or are presumed to be so, I cannot see why the hon. member for Cbittagong should realise £10 a week, while the equally hon. member for Budgeree makes but £5. Moreover, it has always been a complaint in this colony that poverty does not assist genius, and that genius being always poor is hampered and restrained. I therefore look forward with delight to that time when genius shall be given a salary and a seat in Parliament. For as a friend of mine, who keeps a public- house, says—" If a man will spend £500 for the mere honour of being on M.L.A., what will he not give for the honour and £600 a year ?" Thus, trade will be benefited and the price of brandy increased, while the power given to the Ministry of the day will be enormous. A threat of a resignation will bring all the honourable members to their bearings, for no man of common sense would lose £600 a-year for a sentiment. Things are looking up, evidently. What about the " medical scandal" I am inclined to sympathise with the Hospital committee. Dr. Barker must be to them a veritable thorn in the flesh. He is like a sprite in a pantomime, no sooner do they get rid of him in one place than he springs up in another. He is the very Proteus of medicos. The Puck of legally- qualified medical practitioners. Now he is splintering a work- ing man's leg, and experimenting on his patient's limbs with iron rings ; now he ap- pears as an advocate of the moral tendencies ; of obscene wax-models; now we have him as receiving a purse of sovereigns presented by admiring friends ; and now he is again before the public and the committee defending him- self against an accusation of impropriety with a female patient. The hospital is toujours Barker—all Barker, and nothing but Barker. The medical profession had better look to it, for the matter is becoming serious. The doctors will soon be in as bad repute as the clergy, if they do not take care. Mr. Nayler is at it again, I see. He is death on spirits, is Mr. Nayler. The spirit moves him to do wonderful things—to write to the paper and to abuse Mr. Turner, for one thing, and to start a comic publication under the title of the Glowworm for another. We have had so many comic publications lately, that the public are getting a little tired of them ; and I am afraid that the Glowworm won't be a success. It is reported that Mr. Nayler has engaged Shakspeare, Joe Miller, and the Count de Grammont, to write for him, and that the cartoons are to be supplied by Raffaelle. The spirit humbug seems to have taken fair root in this city, and to be spreading out into a great tree, in the branches of which all the geese in the air shall find habitation. It is surprising that the miserable farce of " Spiritism" has not yet been played out. The mingled blasphemy and folly which its profes- sors talk is something terrible to contem- plate. First we had the Cock-lane Ghost, then the Parson's swindle ; and then the daughters of Mrs. Fox, of Hydesville, New York, started the " rapping" business. The principal thing they did was to point out the burial-place of a murdered pedler, who wasn't dead, and who appeared in the town three weeks afterwards. Then came Mansfield, the "Spirit Postmaster," who read letters in sealed envelopes, and was detected in open- ing one of them. Then we had "spirit- photographs," and Mr. William Cornell Jewett, commonly called "Colorado Jewett," and the victim. Then came the Banner of Light, spiritualistic journal, published in Boston, which contained a column devoted to "mes- sages" from dead people, and then the Daven- port Brothers, who were bom in Buffalo, and brought out under the management of poor John F. Coles. These gentlemen were tied by mortals, and untied by spirits, but only in the dark or in their "cabinet," made ex- pressly for the purpose. As swindlers, they were highly successful, only John F. Coles found out that their " spirit hands" were stuffed gloves, and Mr. Addi- son, a London stockbroker, caught them in the act of ringing "spirit bells" and moving tambourines and chairs. Then, or thereabouts, came Home, who is the cleverest charlatan of them all. It seems to me that Mr. Nayler has a simple course open to him. The spirits—say the Spiritists—can read sealed letters. Now, according to recent advertise- ment, the proprietors of Humbug (does not the name touch you, Mr. Nayler?) have offered £50 to any person who shall read a sentence now deposited in the Union Bank in a sealed envelope, without breaking the seal. Let him read, and give the lie to his enemies. For my part, my notion with refer- ence to Spiritism and its professors is the same as that of Horace Greeley, who said, "If a man will be a consummate jackass and fool, I am not aware of anything in the Con- stitution to prevent it." Q. 