-EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. INAUGTJRATORY MEETINGS. On Monday morning, October 11,, a meeting for prayer to seefctbe blessing of God upon the Alliance was held at the Presbyterian Church, - Flinders-street. The Few Jas. Lyall (the President) conducted - the proceedings, and there ■' wete1 present; in addition to about forty ladies and gentlemen, the' Revs. W. L. Binks (President of .the Wesleyan Coin-" ference),' ' iF.-::;G^-'Millard,'; S. 'TCnight;. Jas. Jeffefis;' T&' Ch'eetham, F; --"W.-3 Cox; J:' L. Parsons, S. Mead, H. E. Merriman, and, J. G. "Wright. Portions of Scripture were read, and prayers for the Divine, blessing on: the Alliance were offered by~ the Rev." Mes'srs. Millard, Cox,, and Merrimap,- and Mr. ■ W. K- Thomas. : The meeting closed at half-past 10 o'clock with the Benediction. . . .. .»• In -the' evening a meeting was held in the Wesleyan Lecture Hall, Pirie- street. There was a crowded attendance, and the; Rev.. Jas. Lyall, thV President, occupied the chair ; in addition, to. whom there were on the platform the; following ministersEhe. Sets. D. J. H. Ibb'etson (Episcopalian); ~ W.' L. Binks, J. G.. Millard, G. W. Patehell, and- T. Raston (Wes leyans); J. Henderson and R. Drummond (Presbyterians); J. Jefferis, M. H. Hodge,"and Hy.: Cheetham (Congregationalists); S.> Mead,; J. Price,- and- J. -L. Parsons (Baptists); J. G. Wright (Primitive Methodist); H. E. Merriman (New. Connexion. Methodist); I and J. S. Way (Bible Christian). The proceedings havingr been commenced by a hymn being Sung, a por tion of Scripture was;read, -after which prayer was1 offered, by the Rev. Mr. Parsons. The Chairman then remarked that he was impressed with the honor that had been con ferred upon him' in his having been made the first President of the Alliance. He was sure there were .many gentlemen • able much more efficiently than himself to discharge the duties connected with the office, but at the same time he yielded to none in his attachment to the principles 'of the organization and desire to promote its objects. (Applause.) The various denominations' had'-been laboring with greater or less success, but it was thought more might be. accomplished by united effort. No sooner was;the idea of-establishing an Alliance ex pressed by" .a brother'than it was taken up, and little difficulty had been experienced in coming to an issue.on tb e subject. There could be but one opinion, that. the. object, they, had in view was a laudable one. (Hear, hear.) Christ parti cularly impressed upon his disciples the desira bilifcy of their h'eing united together m the bonds of love. "A. new commandant,"'He said, "I give unto* you, that ye love one another; by this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another." Then they knew how in His in tercessory , prayer the Saviour besought the Father "that His followersjinight be one, even as He and His Father were .one.- The religion of the gospel was a religion* of love—(hear, hear) —and the sympathetic feelings which it became them to cultivate.were certain; to be productive of many advantages,. ..They had not found it to i be a difficult thing to establish a Union of this kind, for the various denominations were one as ■regarded; fundamental principles.. .They would all direct a sinner, seeking salvation, to believe: in the Lord Jesus Christ. " "What they differed upon were-in reality non-essential points. They looked upon those inatters on which they agreed as of more importance than those upon which they differed. (Applause.) • Their desire was to raise; higher the cross of Christ, and sink lower denominationalism;. and he was convinced the movement would prove the means of crea ting a spirit of greater forbearance one towards another, and of charity. ' (Hear, hear.) The different-meetings which-it was intended to hold in connection with the Alliance could not | but meet with general approval. Whilst care would be exercised as to ' the things against which they protested, they" should strongly .protest against that which would.place the : office of priest between Christ and man, and .'that which would place the authority of the '' Church above that of the written word. He then spoke of the Alliance having appointed a day for supplication; for; rain, and the; marked manner; in,which their prayers, with the.prayers of the; pious generally, had been answered, and intimated that the Committee had decided to direct; on an early date the offering of thanks giving for the copious fains -with- which they •had been favored. (Applause.) He was sorry | that in consequence of the doctrinal basis which: had I: been;. determined' upon some had felt themselves unable. to join .them; 'but hb was glad that so many, had joined \the Alliance ; and he would * say this, that those ;Christians£whb 'had not joined them . would not-lbe loved by- them less on that ac count.- (Hear;--hear.) If they did not love them they would not be- acting in: accordance ,with the object rof the institution.; ' They loved all who loved the Lord Jesus Christ, although it might be that some did not see- eye to eye with .(hem as respected their doctrinal basis. Some ^'difficulty had been met with, in connection with "the pecuniary arrangements. It' was proposed that each member should annnally pay the sum of 2s. 6d. ; but it being thought that ' that ; amount would be a consideration to poor pedple, it had been decided that the subscrip tion of half-a-crown a year should not be com pulsory, but purely voluntary. They should "like to see "all the members of" the various" Churches join the Alliance, although some might ;not feel themselves in a position^ to: annually subscribe 23. 6d. They were ini •tiating an important movement—they were launching a vessel which they hoped soon to see speeding oh its way.'; . They had commended it. to God's .blessing,, and. "thCy asked all to join itheni-in the prayer that' His blessing might be abundantly poured out upon them.' * " And though ;he might not see eye-to eye-upon many principles with his fellow Christians in this life, it was his earnest hope that they at last might: all be found in Heaven, there to be engaged throughout eternity in singing that song which was ever new. (Applause.) The Rev. James Jefeebis read the following report of the commencement of the Alliance:— "It has;.been, deemed advisable at this first public meeting in connection- with the Evan gelical Alliance,' that some account should be given of the':commencement of this " Christian union, j s r :><r -*- ■ f,•• "In the early part 'of August last," a meeting of ministers of religion in and near Adelaide was held, for the purpose of considering the'advis-. ability of -h'oldHg occasional meetings for unitedi prayer and united' communion. At that meet ins the Reyt,J.jG. .Millard suggested the idea of. | forming an Evangelical Alliance. The sugges tion was acted upon by calling another meeting ' of ministers by advertisement. This took place o.n: August 9. Thirty-five were present,'repre senting nine different religious bodies. A prolonged discussion took place as to the objects and organization of the proposed Alliance. Ultimately it was unanimously re solved' that the Alliance be formed, and a Committee of nine was appointed to prepare a Draft Constitution, The Committee pre sented this on August 23._ Before considering it, with' a view to adoption, it was deemed necessary to obtain the attendance of lay mem bers of Evangelical Churches. Another meeting was accordingly summoned by advertisement on' August 130, when the report of the Committee ! was given, and the Draft Constitution, which -had been previously printed and distributed widely, was presentedfor consideration, modified, and adopted. The only tjuestion that elicited strong -.difference of opinion was that referring to'ternis-of membership. The Committee had recommended the following clause:—' That the persons who compose this Alliance shall be members of Evangelical Churches, or those who are recommended by the minister of the con gregation with which they statedly worship.' -iMany speakers opposed tins as containing no definition, of the word Evangelical, and conse quently rendering the whole basis of union .vague and insecure. By a large majority it was1' resolved to adopt the doctrinal basis of the Evangelical Alliance of England in its entirety.; It is a matter of regret that the adoption of this induced the withdrawal of some who'had been among the most earnest advocates of the-movement. It should be re membered'if howeyer, by these and by others who as yet-.have not joined the Alliance from the same "reasons J that it was clearly under stood'(as it is distinctly expressed in the clause \- . j- m'r. -jy.y.j . ■ ■ -. ' concerning membership) that the doctrinal hasis is not to be regarded as, a creed or con fession, and that the words ' hold and main tain' do net refer simply to the matters of doctrine stated, but to_ what are usually un derstood to be evangelical views' in regard to these. There are undoubtedly many and diffe rent opinions entertained^ concerning the car-, dinal doctrines of Christianity that • are r not considered inconsistent with the term Evan gelical." The rigid theologies of the iteformed Churches have heen relaxed of late,', so as to give'-more scope to the freedom" of conscience and the sense of personal responsibility, which in these past years, have so greatly increased! with the increase of loyalty to Christ.Tt was ' in'jm^sense from, a desire to impose fetters upon Christian thought, .or to asssum'e the:right authoritatively to define the limits of Christian brotherhood, that the basis of the English Alliance was received. ■ Interpreted liberally, in i the'spirit, in!"which" it was adopted, and there need be no conscientious scruples about uniting with us. Christian union is a guarantee for Christian freedom, The spirit of association with-its liberty is 'the best safeguard': against hierarchical'and sectarian tyranny.'',. Before resuming -his seat he would like to make ore or two remarks, Christian union had been one. of the dreamis of ' his life—a dream that had haunted him—sometimes to; an intensely painful degree. He was one that could not bear isolation —standing apart from his brethren, or that the Church of which he was a member should stand apart" from other Churches'; but he had lived long enough to know that organizations of this, . kind contained in them many elements of diffi culty. They should not he surprised if these; difficulties manifested themselves at the. com-' mencement. There were some who had told them that already there was union among the Churches of Christians, and that there was no heed for.nnity of action such as they proposed, but nevertheless he was of opinion that it was highly desirable this existing union should be manifestedtoagreaterexterit—thatthe Churches should labor together in firm and holy; conceit, and express by their unity that they were One in-the Lord. (Applause.) He did trust that those who had been longing for union would not be disappointed, and have one more blow struck at the ideal of their life.. He,' however, pre dicted something better. (Applause.) ' The Eev. James Henderson addressed the meeting on the subject of " Christian Brother hood." It was with much satisfaction that he' had marked the beginnings of this' movement towards a fuller manifestation of the essential brotherhood of all true Christians, and ihe essential unity of the true'Church of Christ. That such a oneness existed, and underlied the various sects into which the Church was divided, was a fact which all denominations rejoiced to recognise; but the manifestation of it in some palpable and corporate form was a desideratum which;all had felt and lamented. To some' ex tent the want was supplied by the formation of the- South Australian Evangelical -Alliance. And it seemed to him that if in the home country, where sectarian distinctions were so sharply defined, and where denominational pre judices were so varied and so strong, an Alliance of this nature" had lived, and shed its. blissful influence for many years. They might surely hope that in this new land a kindred institution should not only be planted, but gather to itself the sympathies and regards of all the friends of Christian truth and Christian love. (Ap .plause.) As separate sections of the Church they might stand fully equipped, and almost perfect in organization and every extreme ap pliance. They. had Cathedrals, Churches, schools; they had creeds, confessions, catechisms,, prayer-books, Councils, Convocations, Synods, Assemblies; but where, amid all this parapher nalia of- Christianity was_ that fraternal sym pathy, that Christian charity, that mutual good will and mutual help .without which all these things were but as sounding brass and a tink ling cymbal? One of the things which the thorough! development of Christian brother hood-was what might be specified as excessive | denominationalism. Making all due allowance for a legitimate and honest love of one's own j Church or denomination, what a .disruptive influence this' self-righteous spirit 'of secta rian^ exclusion had exercised-on the- Church ] from the earliest day3. 'J hose Corinthian party ; cries—I am of Paul, and I of Apollo3— had rung through every chapter of the Church's history down to the present time. In virtue of his party connection, each thcughthixnself better than kis neighbor. It placed him ou.-a_ higher level, and the . smaller his party the 'Uicer its 1 peculiarities; thej more-exclusive its character the i more superciliously did he look down from his fancied "elevation upon all who followed not him.- How opposite all this to the'spirit of that religion; which commands not to think of ourselves more highly ;than we' ought; but .to. think soberly in honor,'.preferring one another.' Impatience, or .distate if or. 'sound doctrine'audS ] love of novelty,'.where the desire to have' some thing: attractive'tricked'out, in the elements of the word,; were other divisine elements. Hence persons were found moving from place to place and the unity ;of the Church made a thing of ] naught. Many other things might be specified. But they trusted they were inaugurating a better state of things—that the Society thej were' launching would,, to a . great extent, remove1 those evils,- and -pave • 'the' way to_ through Christian brotherhood. A philo sopher was once asked, " "What is motion ?" -in reply he rose from his seat and walked about | _the room, saying, ■" This is motion." And they ' must not rest satisfied with allowing their reli ; gion to. lie wrapped up in creeds or confessions, I or false definitions^ but exhibiting it in living life, and in "all their intercourse with each other, be able to say to the world, This is Christianity. ' Christianity in the soul was the password to brotherly affection and confidence throughout the'world.' !It. was the sign and countersign to all • the Soldiers of the Cross. t '-They hailed the .formation :of this Alliance!among us, as affording a platform on which Christians of different denominations might meet either for" mutual edification and fellowship, or for mutual co-operation in the interests of a com mon Christianity. If knowledge was power, ' so was j union, too. . United fires brighten each other's, blaze. .The oceanV mighty, tide., wafc. but ..drops of water united. The. oompact' phalanx' sustained-1 the' battle-charge, the,shocAofwhich would rout the same troops divided!' Xet Christians, then,"unite all their forces.- Let them concentrate all their energies, The Association had. their best wishes and most earnest-prayers,* and he hojied'it would be'found exerting an influence for good and' discouraging everything opposed to it; giving strength and support to each denomination, sustaining the efforts of the public, and cheering them all in the hope of realising more fully that great ob ject for which their Saviour still pleaded, the union, peace, and prosperity of the Church, which He- had'bought with His blood. (Ap plause.) The Rev. S. Mead expressed his hearty sym pathy with the objects of the Alliance. The various denominations were at present united, for the Church of Jesus Christ was one. It was of great importance for them to believe in this Union in a full and real sense. (Hear, hear.) It was incumbent upon him to firmly believe, whatever name was adopted and worn by a-brother, if he was united to Christ, that he was one with him. (Hear, hear.) He felt that the time had ai rived for them to develop this Union, and have it out in practical manifesta tions. He should be sorry to think that they were going to bring about a union that did not previously exist. (Hear, hear.) They were now united in Christ, and that fact should be kept constantly before their minds—it would tend to a development of brotherly love, as well as of other Christian graces. (Applause.) The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson remarked that he should not apologise for his appearance ' there, because he thought -he was quite j warranted in the course he was pursuing when the object of the Church of Christ was taken into consideration. (Applause.) He had been asked to speak on the observance of the Sab bath. As a general rule people were not suffi ciently alive to its claims upon them; but they could not be ignored without-suffering the consequences. He sincerely hoped that the time was indeed distant when the Lord's Day should be as little regarded in this colony as it was on the Continent, where the morning was devoted to religious services and the remainder of the day to amusements. Tho claims of tbe Sabbath dated back to the creation of the w6rld, when God rested from the works of His bands. . It was the oldest of all institutions^ and he believed it wouldcontinue the longest, for Stl Paul said—" There remain'eth a rest (lite rally a Sabbath) for the people"of God." Ghris tianashould use their exertions to preserve the sanctity of the Sabbath ; for children seeing: pet- sons going, out pleasure-seeking as they ac companied ;their parents to Church, was calcu lated to have an evil influence upon them. The -rest of the seventh day was: required for man' physically and mentally ; the beasts heeded it also. Those individuals^ who would give it up were not consulting their own interests either spiritual or temporal. • They knew that there were some who would do so, and that fact should cause them to exert themselves to the utmost to | prevent; the Sabbath being' desecrated.. In | this landof religious liberty there -was a danger that their laws respecting the observance' | of the Sabbath might become too lax, and he hoped, should it ever become necessary, that Christians would press upon-the Government of thei day the judiciousness of enforcing the' ob-' seivance of the Sabbath as a means of preserving morality. The rev. gentleman, who was very warmly received, resumed his Beat amid ap plause. The Eev. W. L. Binks spoke of the. pleasure he felt at being present on that occasion, and his-gratification at seeing the Chairman occupy ingithat position. The topic upon which he had to address them was the necessity of their opposing prevailing errors. The principal benefit, in his opinion, that would . result from the Alliance would be the brotherly feeling of which it would lead to, a cultivation. They would respect the senti ments and ecclesiastical arrangements of the various denominations, and wish each other God speed, and look with favor upon the suc cesses of Churches with which they were not connected. There had been in the past, he was afraid, a tendency among the Churches to ignore(the-labors. of others. He was glad that he could not plead guilty to having done that. He had always eiperienced pleasure when he had heard of the cenversion of sinners, and-that pleasure had been altogether irrespec tive: of the Church in connection with which the conversions might have taken place, for the conversion of sinners he regarded as the great object of the Christian ministry. The members of that Alliance were all: agreed upon the important principles of their religion. They all believed in the promised gift of the Holy Ghost, which they looked upon as the seal of the new covenant, and as that which Christ promised His disciples and His Church ; they should have when he had left them. They ! believed in the Holy Ghost being a person dis tinct from the Father and the Son; that it was not simply an attribute of the Deity; and that its especial office was to convince the world of sin; ' One of the great errors of the day was the overlooking of the Great Gift. (Hear, hear.) /Without the Spirit^ there was deadness in the 'Church; for it was not by might or by power, but by the Spirit that good; could be accomplished. There was an attempt to make up for its absence "by imposing ceremonials, &c.;, but that would never make up for its absence. (Hear, hear.) There would be no spiritual advancement how ever magnificent the Church might be, or talented its ministers, or attractive its ser vices. There would be no good accomplished unless the spirit accompanied the "Word to the hearts of the people. (Applause.) They were all agreed as; to' the great truth of Christianity •—that Christ was crucified and : thereby ■ atoned for the sins of the world having pre . viously assumed humanity. They, did not regard Queen Victoria or the Venerable Pope of Eome as the head of the Church—the only head they acknowledged was Christ. They had not banded themselves together to attack the Eoman Catholics, but they must do their duty to their master, and they must never lose an opportunity of proclaiming Him a3 the Head of the Church,- and affirming that no one must attempt to, take the prerogative from Him. (Applause.) Who could tell ?—It was possible that a,t the grand assembly shortly to be held in Kome- the Pope might admit that he had made ;a j mistake on this point, and. prove himself a great ireformer. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He understood that -the assembly were to con sider various abuses which were existing in the world,; He prayed God that the Pope might direct; their attention to some of . those evils which! they; as Protestants, had to oppose in this land. (Hear, hear.) Then, again, they all agreed, in giving honor to Christ as the Interces sor between God and man. He loved the Edman Catholics, -and would like to see thousands of them converted, as in the days of Luther, and why, he asked, might not as. many conversions be again? (Hear, hear.) He did not believe they, -as Protestants,-gave isufficient honor to the blessed Virgin, the mother of Jesus. The Scripture. said she should be called blessed, and she" was honored by our. Saviour. They should not be afraid of committing a sin by mentioning her name. - Whilst she should not be made an objectof. worship, he thought they had gone to the opposite extreme. They were op posed to the offering of prayers to saints—they looked!upon Christ, and*'Him alone, as the Mediator. (Hear.) .There were errors connected with the Methodist Church, and also with the Presbyterian, Congregational, and " Baptist Churches, but although it would be well if they were eradicated, he thought it would be injudicious to' comment upon them there. (Laughter.) The Alliance must turn its atten tion to them in course _of time. (A laugh.) He hoped it had before it many years of pros perity, ; in which great good would be accom plished. (Loud applause.) " The Eev. J. S. Way, in an interesting and very suggestive speech," dwelt upon the . ordi nance of the Lord's Supper, and was followed by ! The Eev. J. G. Wright,- who had as his sub ject the efficacy of united prayer. In a lucid, forcible, and earnest speech, he spoke upon the power of prayer, and was. frequently rap turously applauded. • • The Chairman observed that, although they had-had addresses from -ministers of various denominations, holding! very 'different views, not a jarring note had been struck. (Hear, hear.) The proceedings closed' with' the doxology, and an: appropriate prayer by the Eev. E. Drummond, the oldest minister in the colony. 