'''''IXPLORAtlOlii.-;. Journal of proceedings of an exploring expedition in search of the remains of the late dk. leichuardt and pakty, tjn dsktaken, btordjer of the government of westeun australia, bi john forrest, goverkjient surveyor. .'.''? (Concluded from our last) June 24th. — Started early this morning, and ouoeieu ana lor BIX miles to BOHiO low stony rangts, lightly grassed, thence N. 61 dog 3 )min. E (mag ) to a remarkable peak which I named Mouut Flora, distant abont nine miles froin the stony ranges, ascending which, I obtained a rou id of bearings and anglos. Saw a higfh range, bearing about N 106 deg loarin. E- (mag )i apparently about 16 miles distant, towa 'ds which we travelled ti 1 after dark, searching for feed and water on our way, with out success, aud bivoincked without cither, and tied up our horses. June 26.— iSaddl-.d up at dawn, and proceeded to tho i\u.go, which boro N 93 deg. 30 min. E (Mag ), about five miles distant, on ro ching whiuU, I ascended the h ghost peak, which J named Mount Margaret, and took a round of angles and. be irings. From the summit of Mount Marjarot the view was vary extensive. A large dry, salt lake was as far as the eye could reach to the southward, while to the east aud NE there were low tra pranges, lightly grassed. A h'gb. \ablo bil boro N 73 d?g. East (mag ) Bain*? now about 60 miles from camp, and not having had any water since yesterday morning. Idecided to return, aad steering alsouS west for eight miles, we s ruck a brook, trend ng a , in wuiuh wo found a small quantity of watpr in a clay-pau. After resting an hour in order to mike a damper, and giro our horses a little of the feed whioh grew very sparingly oa the banks of the brook, wo continued our journey towards camp. Pas-ing Mouni Flora, we campe 1 about eight miles farther towards c imp, on a smallpatch of fted, without water, about a mile north of our outward track. June 26th.— Stir ed at dawn, and reached our bivouac of the 23rd, where we obtuineJ just \- urfiaient w iter for ourselves and horses. Uon turning, we found a fine pool tf rain water in a bro k, 1] milo West of Mount Malcolm, and reached camp an hour after dark, a.id found a:l wo.l. Ou our way Tommy Windich shot a rod kangiroo, whicli we cirried to t!.e camp. June 27th (Sunday.)— Rested at camp. Read diviue service. Found camp to be in south lati tude 28 deg. 55 min., by meridian altitudes of sun, AquiiiB(Altair) and Lyra, and ia longitude about 121 deg. 10 rain. East. Although we ha i grea-. difficulty in procuring water on our last trip; I was very loath, to return withou1; mak ing another effort, especially as from the ap pearance of the country East of our farthest, I had every hope of a change. I therefore con cluded to shift the party to the water found yesterday near Mount Maloilmn a-id n^ke another attempt t) proceed farther East. Juno 28th —Steering about JM 81 deg. E mag. ever lightly grassed countrv, thinly woaded. for 16 miles, wo camped ]£ miles to to tha West of Mount Malcolm in South latitude 28 deg 61 min. 19 S9c, by inerilian altitude of Aqui as (Altair\ and in longitude about 121 d-g. 27 min. East. June 29.— Started this morning in company with Tommy Windich, with seven day's provis ious, leaving, instructions for Mr Monger to shift the p.trty back to our last camp, where the feed was much better, in latitude 2$ de°: 55 min Smthand lougituie 121 deg. 10 min. E. Travelled about east for 30 miles towards Mount Marg.xret, our farthest point last trip. Wo camped in a thicket without water on a small patch of feed. June 30th.— Saddled up at dawn, and pro ooe.ded towards Mount Margaret; obtained a little water at the spot where we found water on the 29th (our former trip). Continuing,' wo found a fine pool of water in a brook (Mount Margaret bearing NE about 21 miles) and restO'lan hour., Hardly any feed near the water. Kesutning, we passed Mount Margaret arid steered towards the tablo hill teen on our former trip, bearing N li deg E mag., nppar ontly about'18 miles distant,, over a series oi dry salt marshes, with sandy country and spini fexiutervoning. After travelling d miles we bivouickod with -ut water on a small patch of. feed. With my pocket sextant I found this spot to| be in south latitude about 28 de^ 30 min. and longitude about 122 deg. 11 °min east; : J uly 1st.— After travelling towards the table hill seen yesterdiiy for 6 mi.es, crossed a large brook trending S.W., in wiiich we found a small pool of rain-water, and rested an ho\ir to break fast; resuming for about 6 miles, reiohed the table' hill, which I ascended, and took a rdu id of angles. I have since named this hill Mount Weld, being tho farthest hill aeon to the East' ward by us. Continuing about N. 77 deg. E. mag. for 15 miles, through douse thickots, with out any grass save spinifex, wo bivouacked with out water or feed, aud tied up our horses ' With my pocket sextant I found this spot to be in South latitu o about 28deg; 41 min. by meri dian latitude of Bootas ( Arcturus), and in lotgi tude about 122 dog. 37 min. East. July 2nd. —Stirted at dawn, and steeredaboub ea*t, searching on cur way for water, which our horses and solves wore beginning; to be much in want of. At 6 miles fouud a small hole in soma rocks, apparently empty, but on pouuding with a stick I f.'und it to contain a Jibtle water. Tha mouth of tha bole beiDg too small to admit a pannican, and having u^ei my hat with very little success, 1 at last thought of my. gun bucket, with which wo procured about two quarts of something between mud and water; and ifter straining through my pocket handker chief, we pronounced it first-rate. Continuing for 6 miles o^er clear open sind plains, with spinifex and large white gums, the only largo trees and clear country seen since leaving the settled dibtriots, we climbed up a white gum, to have a view of the country eastward. Some rough sandstone oliflu bore N. ii7dej?. E. mag., about 6 miles distant. The country eastward was almost level, with sandstone cliffs here and fchere, apparently thickly wood with white gams, &o; Spinifex everywhere, aud no pro spects of water. Mora to tho north a narrow line of samphire flats appeared, with cypress aud stunted gums on it « edges, and very barren and desolate^— so much so, taat for the last 25 miles we have not seen any grass at all savo spinifex. After taking a few bearings from tho top of the tree (which I marked with the letter F on South side, which is in touth latitude about 28 deg. 41 miu., and longitude about 122 deg. 50 min. E ), I concluded to return to our last watering- place, abi ut 31 mi'es distant, as wo were now ovor 100 miles from camp, and our horses had been without water orfeod s'rico yes terday morning ; thorefore, keeping a little to the, north of our outward track, we travelled till two hours after dark, and camped without wator or feed, and tied up cur horses. July 3rd. — Saddled up at dawn, and steored westerly towards our last watering-place, about 14 milos distant; but after travelling about 7 miles, oame to a small pool of water (at tho head of tho brook in which wo found water on tho 1st), and rosted two hours, to allow our horsea to feed,' as thoy had neithor eaten or drank for tho 'last 48 hours, llesuming our journey along tho brook (whiph I named Win dich Brook, after wy companion, Tommy Win dich) for 10 miles, in which we found several pools of water, but destituto of feed, we bi vouacked on a patch of feed, without water, about 2 miles east of our bivouac on the 3uth Juio. July 4th.— Travelling about W.S.W. for 12 miles, we reached the pool of water found on our outward ? track oa the 30th June, 2h miles S.W. from Mount Margaret, where we 'rested an hour. Eesuming, we travelled nearly along our outward track for 18 miles, and camped without water on a small patch of feed. Tommy shot two wurrongs to-day. July 5th.— Started at daybreak, and follow ing nearly along our outward track for 25 miles, we reached the water close to Mount Malcolm (where we left the party, they having shifted, as instnicted, 17 milts fii'ther back), where we rested an hour; but having finished our provi sions, we roasted two wurroogs, and made a first-class dinner. Tommy also shot an emu whic'j cams to water, which wo carried to camp. Reached camp at 6 p m.. and found all well, haviuff been absent 7 days (every night of which ; time we were without water, aQd in which time we travel'ed over 200 miles). ? ? July 6th — Weighed all the rations, and foui d wo had 283 lbs Hour, 31 lbs bacon, 28 lbs of sugar, and 4 lbs of tea, equal to 32 days' alicw- anoo of fliDur, 10 days' bacon, 19 days' sugar, aud 21 days' tea on a full ration. I therefore ' now cone udad to return to Perth as quickly : as possible, and reduce the allowance of tea o,ud su^ar, to last 30 days (bacon we will have to do without), by which time I hope to reach Clarke's homestead, Victoria Plains, as I intend ? returning by Mouut Kenneth, NaDJajbtty, ? Ningham, or Mount Singleton, and theuue to Damperwar and Clarke's homestead, thus fixing a few points that will abe useful to the JSurvoy ; Office. July 7th.— At 6 30 am. barometer 28 86 ; '? thermometer 3 i deg. Started on our return, and ? fjllowed along our outward track for 16 miles. Camped on ea t side of granite raDge, ia South ^ la uurle 28 deg. 57 min., and East longituda ?''?'- about 120 deg. 55 mil. ?????!? July 8th. - Travelling nearly along our easWird track, and pas.-in^ our bivouac of the 19ihJuno,' ; we lOiched tho Two Spring biv- tia; in S--Aith la'i tudd 23 deg. 51 min. 45 socs., and about longitude 120 deg 30 min. E. : July 9th. — Travelled 22 miles, and reached our bivou ic of the 30th May, in South latitude 28 ' deg. 53 min. i)4:6C3., aud longitude about 120 ' deg. 9 min Bust. July luth. — Eeached our bivouac of May 27th, '? in sout.h latitude 23 deg. 53 min , nnd East longi titude about 119 de£. 50 mi l. On our wa/ I as cended a very high range which I named Mount Alfred, and t ok a tine round of angles ; : Mount Alexander, Mount Bevon, Mount Ida, Mount Elvi e, and Yeadia and Bulgar being : visible. ' ? ? ? ;? July 11th (Sunday).— Plotted up our track, &c.; Eoad diviae service. - ' . July 12th. —Travelled for 25 miles and camped on a splendid patch of feed, wiih a Jittle water on some gram .e rocks (aoout 2 miles west otour bivouac of May 24th), whisht I found to be in Sou h latitude :«8 deg. 57 min. 48 sec, by meri- ; diau of altimleof a Bjotes (Arclurus) and a Pegasi (Vlarkab), and in longitude about 119 deg. 28 min. East; Mount Eivire bearing JS(, 15't ? ??'??' deg. E. (mag)., distant about 21 miles. ? July 13th. — Leaving the party in chargeof Mr Monger, wi-.h iasirucfcions to proceed to Retreat Rock, our Li/ouac of May 23rd, I started, with' Mr 'Hamersley and Jimmy, to attempt to cross ?? ' Lake Barlee, in order to explore tho country on its South side, near Mount Elvire, as' well as to try and find native-, as Jimmy is acquainted ' ' with these tribes. Steering N. 154 deg. E. (mag), for 7 miles, we cune to the lake, and eutering1 if, sucoeded ia reaching the so'ithern shore after 12 miles of heavy walking, sinking over our boots every step, our horses having great difficulty. When wo reachod the southern shore it was nearly sundown ; wa however pushed on aud reached the rauge. where wa bivouacked on a patch of feed and a Jitfcle wator ; Mount Elvire bearing N. 87- deg. E .(a.og) , ; - about one mile distant; and Yeadio and Balgir N. 8 df^g. E. (mag). i-fainei lightly during tho ?? day. Baing wat through from the splasbi'ig of our horses crossing the la';e, and raining lighily ' ?? '- during the jvight, and not naving any covering, our situation was not the, most pleasant. -: Jimmy infjrmed me that there was a tine per- - manent spr'ng close to Mount Elvire ; we did not h -wever go to see it. ' July. 14th. — This morning, affcar ascending a ?range to h tve aview of the country, steered N. ? ? 288 deg. E. (nig) , aui after travelling 6 miles, oaaie to _a branoh of Lake Bavlee, running far ? ? ' to the southward, which wa attempted to cross, but after travelling li milo, which was very ? bopgy, our horses want down to their girths, and we had groat difficulty in getting thorn to' return, which, however, we ultimately suc ceeded'ia doing, and made another attempt at a place where a seriss of iskuds appeared to cross it, andcros-od safely ovar without much . difficulty, reaching tho opposite shoro at sun down where we bivouacked on a splendid grassy ri?e, with abundance of wa'or in granite rocks ; Mount Elvira bearing N. 108 dog. E (mag)., and Yeadie and Bu!gar N. 45 deg. E (mag). Julyl5i.li. — Having finished our rations last Di^ht, wo started at dawn, ami s-t&ered; towards ' Retreat Rook (where we are to meet the party) ; and after travelling 5 urile-i, came to that pare of Lake Barlee whi^h wo attempted to cross without sucoess, on May 19th (our outward track); but leading our horses with difficulty wa succeeded in crossing1, and reached camp, ail very tired, at 12 o'clock, and found all well. ? The party were encamped one mile north of our former bivouac, at some granite rocks w.th two fine waterh-jloi. July 16'th.' — Considerable delay h/ui -g oc curred in collecting the horses, wo did noistarb till lOo'clock, wien wa travolloi nearly a'ong our outward track (passing Yeeraimulcler Hill, from the summit of which Mount Elvire bore N. Ill d-g. 30 min. E. [mag] about 35 miles distant) for about 21 ru'iles, and bivouacked at : some granite rooks, with a ittle feed around them, -which I fouud to bo in South latitude i!9 dear. 8 min. 47 sec , by meridian altitudes of a Bootes [Arcturus] and a Pearasi [Markab], and iu longitude about 118 deg. 59 min. East. July I7th.~ Started at 8 45 a.m., and steer ing about west for 25 miles, through donse thickets without feed, we camped without water on a small patch of poor feed, in South latitude 29 deg. 7 mio. 13 sec. by meridian altitudes of a Bootes [Aroturus]. Marked a small troo with P.. 1869. .Being now in a f.iendly country, I decided to give up keepiDg watch, which we had doio regularly for the last two months. ?. July 18th (Sunday). — After starting the party, went* in .company with Tommy Windich, to take bearings from a low hill, bearing N. 298 deg. [mag], distant about 8 miles, after whiou we suuok in tho dir sction iu which we expected to find tho party, but, for some reason or other, they had not passed by; and I antioi pato they must have met with good feed aud water, and camped, it being Sunday However this may bo, wo kept bearing more nnd more to the southward, in hopes of orossing the track, till after dark, when we reached the Warno Fiats, and bivouacked. Not expecting to bo absout more than a fow hours, we had noither rations norrugs. Luckily Tommy shot a turkoy this aftornoon, which we roasbed in tho ashes, and made au excellent meal. Tho night was bitterly cild, and, not having any rug, 1 slept with a firo on eaob side of mo, and, cocsidering the oircum.Btan.oe3, slept very fairly. ea-tmmmAUL^MjUni— ?i»IIHI.II- n,^r in r, .i-inr,,,;, „,,,.,. ? ..?????,,? ; July 19th.— Aftor malting a first-rate break fast off tho roniaindor of tho turkoy; wo started in search of the party, making back towards where wo had left thorn, keeping woll to tho southward, ami, after spimdiug tho whole of tha d-iy, aud knocking up. our hor.-es, we found tho tracks of tho party nearly wliero we left them yoato: day morning, and, followinc along, them for 9 milos, fuunrl where they lnd bivouacked last night, and it being now U hours aftor dusk, wo camped aho, with an oppoum between us (or supper, which Tommy hid luckily caught during tho day. Tho night was again very cold, and hard y anything to oat, whiali mado it still worse. July 20th. — Started on tho tracks at day iJroik, and followed them for about 13 miles, when we fouud the party encamped on the oast side of a largo baro granite rock called Merviu, Mount Kenneth bearia.? N. '24 do? 13 (mag. ), about 15 milos distant. From a cuff about one mile wost of camp took a splendid round of aDglos, Muu-it ? Konnoth, Mount Siugleton, and several other known ;points being visiblo. By meridian altidues of suu, a Bootes (Arcturus), o Bootes, and a Coronce Borealis, camp whb in South latitude 29 dog. J.0 min. 49 sec, and longi tude about 118. 3e£. 14 min. East. Ju'y 21st.— At 7 a. m. barometer 20:10; ther rnDmoter H5 deg. Started at 8.15 a.m., au I cteoring about wost f -r 15 miles , over country studded hare and there with granite rocks, with good fsei around them, but in some places noticed rock p dson. Camped at a spring called Pullagooroo, bearing N. 189 dag. from a bare granite hill $ of a milo distant, from wuich hill Mount Singleton boro N. 237 deg E (mag1). Joy meridian luwuiuub ui a jjtoi/us (.«. uturus; and o Bootes, Pullagooroo is in South latitude 29 deg. 7 min 45 seconds. Finished cur bacon this morning,- and for the fuLuro will only have d impor and t a. Juy 22nd. — Peering a little to tho north of west, through dense thickets without grass, wa bivouacked at a vorv grassy spot called Bu i naroo, from which Mount -Singleton bore N. 205 dog. E. (mag). By meiidian altitudes of a Bootes (Arcturus), ? a Bootes, and a Coronce B irealia, camp is in SoiUh latitude 28 deg. 58 min., aud longitude about 117 deg. 35 min. East. July 23rd.— After starting tho party, with in structions to oroceed straight to Mount Sinsrle toa, distant about 32 miles. I wont, in company with Jimmy, to tho summit of a high trap range, in order to t-ik-3 a rtuud of angle3,. and tjx Nonjajetty, which was visib'o. On our way from tho ratige to join the parly, paw tho tracks of two men aal two horse?, with two: natives wa'king, and soon after foil' d where they had bivouacked about three .days ago. Was much surprised at this discovery. bu-. poso it to be somo one losking fir country. Continuing, wo , found tho tracks of the party, and overtook them encamped at a line per manent spring, Mouab Singloton bo.ariag N 14o d«g. E. (mag) , about 3i miles distant. Reached the party at 7 o'clock There was a partial eclipse of the moon this evening. : Ju'y 24th. — Thore being splendid gr-en feed around Mount Singloton, together wi'.h our horses being tir^d, I concluded t- give them a day's rest. Went, in company with Mr Monger and Jimmy, to the summit of Mount Single ton, which took us an hoar to ascend; but on reaching it I wa? well repaid for my trouble, by tho very extensivo v*ew and the nuny points to wbijh I, could take bearings, far as tha eyo , could reach to the . East ? and S.E. was visible LiJco Moore, Mount Churchman, &o.; ; to the North conspicuous liigh trap-ranges appeai'ed ; while to the Woat, ?within a radius of 0 miles, hills covared with flowers, &c;, gave the country a very pretty ap pearance. Further te the West, a dry salt lake and a few trap hills appeared. .Returned to camp, which we reached at p.m. On our i way sbob three rook kangaroos. . : July 25fch (Sunday.) — Rested at camp (near Mount Singleton) which I found to be in South latitude 29 deg. 24 min. 33 sec by meridian altitude of sun, and longitude about 117 deg. 20 min. East. Eead divine service. July 26th. — Some delay having occurred in colleotiog the horses, did not start till 9 a.m., when we steered a little to tho north of west towards Damperwar. For the first sjven miloa nvar ivtnirii ?fcrn.n ViiIIh licrTif.lv ci-n.nflft^ wliAn we entered samphire and salt bush flats for four miles, crossing a dry lake at a point .whoro it was only 100 yards Wid9, and continuing through thickets, we camsed at a spot with very little feed and water in South latitude 29 deg. 21 min. 48 sec From this spot Mount Singleton bore N. 113 deg. 20 min. East mag., distant about 20 miles. Here we met two na tives, whom we hid seen on our outward track at the Warne corroboree, who were of course friendly and slept at our camp. They hid a groat many du'gites and opposums which they carried in a net ba^, made out of tho inner bark of the Ordinance tree, which makes a splendid strong cord. Tuey informed us that a native had come from tho eastward, with in telligence relating to the encounter we had' with the large tribe on May 31st; and adding that we had been a'l killed; and that all the natives in this vicinity cried very much on hearing the news This is another specimon of the narrations of natives, with whom a tale never loses anything by being carried. July 27th.— Steering a little to the north of west for 18 miles, wo reached Damperwar Springs, a clear grassy spot of about 300 acres, on west side of low granite hill. The spring was dry, but by digging a few feet we obtained an abundant supply. From tho appearance of the country there has boen hardly any rain in this neighborhood for many months; took a round of angles from a trap hill about two milos distant. Mount Singleton and many other points being visible. Mot a party of friendly natives hero. By meridian altitudes of a Bootes a Coronoe Borealis and a Lyrra (Vega), Damoer war sprint? is in south latitude 29 dec. 16 min. 32 sec, and longitude about 116 dog. 47 min. East. July 2Sth.— Steering in a southerly direction, and following along tho westorn margin of a salt lako, most of tho way over samphire flits, &c;, with thickets intervening, more dense than usual, we encamped on a small grassy spot with plenty of water in granite.rocks called Murrung gnulgo, situated close to tho west side of the Fake, which I name! Lake Monger. My native Jimmy stayed behind to-day in order to catch opossum (in company with some of his friends) and did not join us this evening. By meridian altitude* of E. Boof,is, a Coronce Borealis, a Lyrte (Voga) and a Aquilce (Altair) Murrung gnulgo is ia South latitude 29 dog. 37 min; 20 sec, Damporwur bearing about north mag. July 29th. — Steering a little to the west of south for 20 miles, through dense thickets, by far the worst wo have ever oncouatorod, and dos-tituto of grass, we reached Bera Bora, a grassy spot with a dry well, whore water might ir.e procured Continuing N. 288 dog. E. for about five milev we reached and camped at Borne granite rocks with a fine woll of water called Wnndanno, which I found to bo in south latitude 29 deg. 57 min. 14 sec. by meridian meiidian altitudes of LyriB (Vega) andAquilce (Altair.) From Pera Bera Mount Singleton bore N. 50 deg. 30 min. E. mag., about fifty miles distant. Jimmy did not put in an ap ? pearanco to-day, but sent on a natiyo to s-xy he wou'd join us in a day or two. July 30th.— Travelling about N. 212 dog\ E. mag. for fourteen miles over samphire flats with thickets intorveniug, wo, readied. .a -fine grassy spot with water in granite rocks called Gnool?adunging; continuing, about south for ? 2A mi'es. passed another small grasy spot callod Ginbinni' g, thence in about the general direc tion of N. 210 E. mag. for about Ilk miles, over an !iaimense sand-plain, running as far ns the oyo could reach to the N.W. and SiS., we camped ia the cpntro of it at a. spring called Manginio, a sheep station, belonging to Mr Jas. Ciinch. Towards the ond of tlw day , old Bailey's Tommy fairly gavo in. and wo hiid groit cHQlcul y in netting him to camp, which Mr Hamprslcy and I did not reach until an hour after dirk. Tho night was cloudy, and I was unable to got any observation, but lu-jkily at daybreak ob'ained moridian aUUuda of Jupitor, which placed Manginio Spriug in U. latitu e 30 deg. 21 min. , 'July 31st.— Steering about S.S; W. for till teen miles, wo reached Cooroo Spring, .a tine grassy spot in winter, where wo camped,, as our horses were vary tired. For tho first soven miles over scru'ily sand-plains, . thenco to Cooroo over grassy country with spoarwopd thiokots. inter- vening. Tommy shor. a kaugaroo th;s after noon, which was very acceptable, having had onlyjd impor aud tea for sevo -al days past. August .1st (Sunday)— R'stoda!; Co. roD Spring; all vo-y bu-y putting cur very ragged clothes,n as goad re£ air as pos-iole. Bv men cHan alti .udaa of sun, Lyra3 (Vega), and Jugiter, Cooroo Spting is in south latiMado 30 d'.-g. 32 min.l5sec. Reid diviae service. Jim'my has . not yot overtaken us, and 1 conclulo he has chabgod h's mind and does not intend following us. vVeaienow about 9 milfs from Ciarke'a homestead, which boars about S.S. E. August 2nd. — Travelling about S.S.E. for nine miles over grassy country with York gums, &c;, wo reached the hosp-table residence of Mr Chike, where we ware very kind, y rejoived, and stayed a short timo to hear the nows. Ke sumin.: for 18 miles along the road to New castle, wj passed Mr Donald MacPherson's, where I obt-vned somo rations, and pushed on six mi e* farther, and bivouacked ono mile south of B.iigy Badgy, with ye*y short feed for our harses. Aug '.st 3rd. — Travelling along road towards Noweastlo for 26 mile:;, wo camped one mile past Byoon, and about IB miles from Newcastle ?Aulju't 4'.h.— Reiched Newcastle at, 11 o'clock, and had just time to report to you the s foietum of the Expiditijn before the mail loft. l , ..- . August 5th. — After handing over all the horses provide! by the different settlers to their respective owners, and bidding farewell to Mr Geo. Monger (who intonds proceeding to York), I left Newcastle ia company wit'i Mr M. Rumersley and Tommy Windicb, leaving Morgan to follow with tLo cart (which had been brought to Newcastle by Ward and C AilamB) and romaindor of eq ipment. Reached B.iylup at 4p.m. ; August 6th. — Made an early stxrt, and .reached GuiMford at 12 o'clock, whero we rested an hour, and resuming, reached Perth at 4 p.m. aud reported personally ' to you tho results of tho Expedition, hav ng beon abse nt 113 days, in whijh time I travelled by compu tation over 20U0 miles. * ! , I now beg to mako a few remarks with re ference to the main obj-:ct of the Expedition; viz.',.' tho discovery of the remains of the late Dr. Leichardt and party. In the first placn Mr Frofl. Koe was informed by the nativo Weil barrin, that two white men and their native companion had been killed by tho aborigines, thirteen days' journey to the Northward, when he was at aspot o-illod Koolanobbing, which is in South latitude about 30 dog 53 min,, and longi tii io aboub 119 deg. 14 min. , East. ?- Mr Austin lost eleven horses nt Poison Rock^, (nine died aud two were lefc nearly dead) which i-i in latitude 28 deg 43 mm: 23 sec S-mth, and longitude about 118 d -g. 3S min. East, or about ' 150 miles f -om Koolanobbing. and i'i the direc tion pointed to by the natives. ' I therefore im igine it to be very piobablo that the whole story originate J from the horses lost by Mr ' Aus in at Poison Rook, as I am convinced the natives will say anything they imagine will ulease you. Again, the account given to us at Mount Ohurch-nan, on May 5th, appeared very straightforward and truthful, and was very similar to that related to by Mr Roe, but on questioning them for a few days, they at' last stated there w^re neither men nor guns, but only horses' remains, and pointed, towards Poison Rock. Again, the native who gave all the in-' formation to Mr Monger was one of our party. His, tale, as related by Mr Monger, appeared very straightforward and truthful, viz , that white men had been killed by the natives twenty, years ago ; that he had seen the Rpot, which was at a spring near a large lake, so large that it looked like tho sea as seen from R jttnest, elevon , days' journey from Ninghan or Mount Singlet -n, in a fine country ; the white men were rushed upon while making a damper, and clubbed and speared : he had often seen an axe which formed part of tho plunder. All this ap- ' pears very feasible and truthful in print; but tho queUionis, of what vahn did I find it? Upon telling Jemmy what Mr Monger stated he told him, he said ho never told him that he had seen these things himself, but that he had hoard it from a native who had seon them; thus contradicting the whole he had formerly stated to Mr Moncer. Moreover, iho fine country he desjiibed we never saw, as what a native calls good country is any place where they can get a drink of water and a wurrong ; and if thore is an acre of grassy land, they da scribe it as very extensive grassy country. This I fouud the case timo after time. As a specimen of tho untruthfulnoss of these natives, I may quote that- my native Jemmy, who was a first rato fellow in overy other respect, stated to Mr Monger and myself at York, that there was a largo river similar, In said, to the Avon at York/to tho Eastward, knowing at the time that wo ;would find out he was tolling a false hooi. He even told Mr Geo. Monger, befoie , leaviDg Newcastle, to buy hooks, ia order to catch tha fish that were in the river ; and con cluded by stating we would have a great diffi culty in crossing it, as it ran a great distance North and South. Almost overy e ening I questioned and cross-questionod him respecting1 this rivor: still he adhered to what he first stated. You may imagine how disappointed wo all were on reaching the spot to fiud it was only a small brook running into a salt marsh, with water in winter, but dry in summer. : With reforenco to the country travelled over, I am of opinion that it is worthless as apnstoral :or agricultural district; and as to minerals, I am not sufficiently conversant with the science to olfor an opinion, savo that I should think it was quite worth while Bonding a geologist to examine it. It now becomos tho very pleasing duty for me to record my entiro t ati- faction of the maimer in which all the members of the Expedition exerted their best energies, in tbo performance of their respective duties. To Mr Geo.xMongor; and Mr Malcolm Hamorsloy, I ara indebted for their co-operation and advice on all oscasibns. I am also doeply indebted to Mr Hamersley for collecting aud preserving all tho botanical »pooi mons that came within our roach as wo 1 as the groat care and trouble taken with tho store do partment, whioh came under his immediate charge. ? '. V I havo. Sir, &c;, '' JOHN FORREST, . : ....... Loader jof Expedition, The Hon. Capt. Roe, R N., Surveyor General. 