A Peep at the Homebush Entries. By NKM'O. > Tha entries, for Homebush were made on Thursday the 25th inst., and all the > items in the programme hare filled well, except the Prince of Wales 8takes. > There are eleven events to be run for during tho two days, and as upwards of > seventy horses have been nominated to con- test the prizes, I think the > coming meeting will bo about the greatest that Homebush has seen since its > revival. Tho first race, the Squatter's Stakes shows the very good entry of > twelve, most of whom are strangers to the Metropolitan courses. It is, of > course, too soon to'think bf venturing ari opinion as to what is likely to > carry off the'dollars, but I cannot help thinking that the 'horse owned by " > the young feller that backed Kaiser " has a rare chance. At Hartley, > Pantaloon, after long threatening, at last succeeded in breaking the ice; > but he belongs to the harmless class that seldom give the judge much > trouble. Portia is a nice filly, and will improve with age, and should she > strip well, ought to travel fast enough to secure a "billet." At Parramatta, > Annie Laurie ran well, and if she has not had too much of it she is quite > good enough to be among the first lot. I am led to believe that Darkie is > one of the right sort, but as I have not seen him, I leave it to those who > have to give an opinion of his capabilities. He comes from a racing family, > and I should recommend your readers to look out for him. Al bas other cards > to play, and will not, I think, come to the post. Stockwell has never done > anything to make me believe in bim, and of the others, at present, I know > but little; . Fourteen youngsters still remain on the list for the Trial Stakes, and from among them it is difficult to pi'* the right one. Mr Tait's three-Detective, Bustle, and the Ida colt-are getting on well ; I have not yet seen them extended, but, judging from appearances, I should infer that the Ida colt is about tho smartest of the lot for thi*flutter ; a« I believe that Detective is somewhat overgrown, and requires age before he will be able to distinguish himself. Bustle is far too diminutive, and cannot have the-Parkes'-Ghost of a chance, I should my. As far as I am able to Ascertain, the Mel- bourne cracks will not trouble Mr Dawson, ns they have other engagements te meet on their own side of the a,border. Of Mr Ivory's pair, 1 like best Achievement, who has a grand style of going, .ind puts me much in mind of " The Kose. " Tin M earn Lee have four nominations, and it is more thai likely that the winner will be found among them. Titre* nut ¡if the four are good enough for anything, and wer. I to risk an opinion to early, I would go for Mr Lee'- ! best, and Mr Tait's Ida colt. I have yet to procure ai introduetijr. to Moselle and Mentor. The Leger will hi a very interesting race, and will give us a capital line foi the "big event" at Randwick. Regalia has hadthehonor ol being first favorite for the past few weeks, and Alphonso if also thought well of since his New Year's Day per- formance ; but I will have to be convinced that they are able to dispose of my friend Avalanche before I book this to tho credit of either. Moreover, I think that the no» forsaken Karl holds Kegalia safe by their running in the Homebush Derby. 'Those that seem to me to he most worthy of nn investment are Avalanche, Tho Ear), and Alphonso; end if any of your readers wish to throw awaj a spare pound or two on an outsider, it would not be badly laid out on tho lire-eating Sailor Boy. The Free Handicap has secured fifteen nominations, and the Pony Handicap eleven,-so that there will be no fear of Bmall fields marring the sport on the first day. I cannot, ol course, say anything about the probable results of thc handicaps until Mr. West lins done with them, when 1 will ondeavour to put your readers on a good thing. The Maiden Plate will be the first rano on the second day. I will not be so rash as to attempt to make a choice out of tho twelve entered,-for most of them aro BO little known flint it would be something very like guessing. Thoro are only four entries for the Prince Alfred Stakes, and the weight to be carried will be as follows :-Casino, 8st 51bs ; Albany, 7st 91bs ; Pantaloon, 7st 21bs ; Advocate, Git lllbs. Despite his running at Hartley, I cannot ro- bard Pantaloon as a clipper, and although I am flying in the face of publio running, I spot Albany as tho winner, if ho bo anything near fit. The Corinthian Cup has thirteen entries, and tho right sort too. It will, I fancy, he a good race, and those I look upon as likely to compose the first diviaion are Circassian, Warrior, Falcon, Whyi-., and Sir Hercules. On Tuesday I had the pleasure of inspecting Johnny DrùcoU's Mo in their boxes. Silvertail is looking well, hut I fancy that it would do her no harm were she to have n little more flesh put upon her. However, I suppose Johnny knowe beet, and I liavo no doubt but that he will have, her fit enough on tho day. Warrior is in fair ?iondition, and appears to be getting on well. He is the picture of a weight carrier, and as ho has proved his ability to travel fast and stay, I imagine he will bo hurd to it in tho Corinthian Cup at Homebush. Albany is Jl looking noll, yet it would be unfair to blame D ¿coll for that, as the horse has done a deal of work, nd cannot be oxpected lo be quite pink. I trust that Johnny will not feel offended at my tendering him a pieco of advice. I would suggest that ho should put a little more beef on him, and give him less work for I believe that he is a horse that runs better when stout, and requires very little work to get into condition. I'o bear out my opinion, I need only draw attention to his running on M. and C. C. Day, when he looked like an alderman, and I'm sure ho never performed better than on that occasion. Johnny pays every attention to to his pots, nnd it will not be his fault if they do not strip us fit us anything at tho post. 