A SATIRE ON MEN AND THINGS. (Continued.) Servata semper lege et ratione loquendi. — Horace. A host of papers various sheets display, And all to lead the public mind essay ; Some prate of Justice, some for Freedom bawl, 'Tis Justice, true ! — but partial with them all ; Some struggling live, but moribund are most, Each moment seeming to give up the Ghost ; But when one dies, its ashes re- unite, And Phoenix-like, revives and comes to light, But to expire in agony again, And show its authors how their hopes are vain. 'Tis not in pompous language lies the strength Of any paper, nor its size, or length, — The "itch of writing" doth not give the power To thunder forth the wisdom of the hour, But solid learning, judgment well matured, That will not be from duty's path allured, — A will inflexible, an unsparing hand, To give the lash where Justice shall demand ; A heart to feel and to avenge all wrongs, To give the palm where rightly it belongs. From this true course how many papers stray ? And then 'tis wondered why they do not pay. A vain batrachian, as old fables tell, A victim to ambitious wishes fell, Viewing each passing day with envious eyes A thirsting ox's far superior size, Resolved (as people do), with spurious pride, To swell himself by puffing out his hide. He called his children round, that they might tell Whether his growing form became him well. With empty air he filled his tender skin, Regardless that its substance was so thin ; But ranal hopes, like men's, are doomed to blight, And bloated froggy found his skin too tight. He still inhales the air ; but, ah ! in vain, His body cannot bear the increasing strain ; In one last effort all his strength he tried, The last strain burst him, and poor froggy died ! Thus the " Bohemians " — -'twas their chosen name — Resolved to try and rival Punch's fame : They copied Punch's wit-dispersing style, But to produce an imitation vile ; They lashed all misery and human vice In language coarse, in idiom far from nice. "Born to command, and never taught to sue," They bullied ministers and princes too, Assumed the realm of wit as theirs alone, And brooked no "rival sister near the throne With autocratic nod they tried to rule, Called every writer but themselves a fool ; — But, like the frog, their tender skin has burst : They 're not the last, nor yet were they the first. Their folly was exposed before all eyes, They 've fall'n, like Lucifer, no more to rise. The paper failed — and can we wonder ? No ! Its very rise, its ill success, would show. Hatched in a tavern, over fumes of beer, From muddy brains that never could be clear, — Was this a Censor of the public mind? Instead of leading, it lagged far behind, Gave stupid parodies and maudlin rhymes, And looked on candour as the worst of crimes ; Till Public Taste was shocked, and then, at last, 'Twas found that patience and reform were past, Subscribers failed, the paper would not sell, And the ' ' Bohemians " tolled their own death knell. Their solemn fate hath surely proved in vain To warn from printing many a meagre brain. An advertising sheet hath failed of late — Its lies and slanders sealed its early fate. A Ghost hath lately given up itself, A disembodied spirit, made for pelf ; Intangible and airy as its name, Its end was sad — it met the kitchen flame. A " Kangaroo " hath been and passed away ; A few short leaps was all it saw of day. A " Sea Gull " flits no more about our land ; It has departed with its sister band. And now — oh shade of Addison, arise ! The name " Spectator " greets our longing eyes. 'Tis but the name, alas ! an empty sound ; We look — our hopes are dashed unto the ground. Rest in thy grave, philosopher of yore ! We will disturb with false alarm no more. Such is the end of papers made for sale, And yet unheeded is their grievous tale. Yendys. 