Olm SU3TMAJ&Y.; THE evidence in the case of Hankin, who was fried for shooting Mr. Rae at Kockhwnpton,has ttow been published. Tho lnan w^o' w& wpunded ^mi^d^atJhe.l^s jinpahe liibifcof^ijBiting |iankm'sjwife|SaMer. <Mpumst^^s|whic}ifnost inal in his visits; The 'Judge charged ^ejury strojngljr i^'favoiifl^ihe ^^(^e^ . regarding the ''u^Ui^e^a^^^^^'j^ ^q(3tte<i. jEhe whole case is aiTcxtrabrilinary^ one, arid'it disany of those concerned. From a paper just laid upon the table of the - Legislative Aisemblyifrappears+hatintheHast-- ings.Mcetpra.te there are 2,642 electors; in the Clorenee . 2,980, die "Williams 1,200, Narellan 038, Morpeth 821, "Goulburn 810, the Lower -'Hunter , ?ifi;"i5ast»Msitland781; WcsfrMaitland," 1,108. Ac. Is it suiyrising tliat the- Northern Coast Districts have oeen neglected, "when *5,500 of us, resident in-the Hastings and Clarence Electorates, have hid only two representatives; whilst fho same,; number of ^lectors ^resident in other parts ofthe polony have sent ninemembers to vote against our interests ? : Surely time w ill be found to apply a partial Tcmedy to so crying an'eyil before toother election. A' New Zealander, who was convicted of murder, and seritenecid to death, hun'g himself in a most determined manner, prior, to the day of execution. • It appears-that he fastened a saddle-strap, which he wore as a belt, to abeam about three feet fcoii,the floor'of his cell, and then threw himself forward, remaining in that position until dead. When friuhd, his knee's were absolutely resting on the floor. ; The Judge took four-hours: to sum up, in the case of the*Maori prisoners who werc : charged with Jiigh treason; but the jury only required 15 minutes to find a Verdictof guilty. The usual barhatous sentence of hanging .'and quartering was passed upon the traitors. A fine sulphur spring, believed to be medicinal, exists upon the .properly of A. Loder, Esq., of Colley Creek, near Murrurundi. The taste, flavor, and color, 1 are" skid to be identical with those of the Strathpeffcr Spa in the north of Scotland. . . . . A woman came before the Singleton Bench of Magistrates, last week, demanding sureties of the peace from a person who had threatened to do her bodily harm. -But these Solons sent the woman away without the protection to which she was entitled by law, bccause she made a mistake of one day in a date. The threats were : charged to have been-uttered on the 18th of the month, whilst in fact they were made on the 19th. Not a single application is known to have been made any where, lor permission to join the Poh'ce Reserve Force. The scheme does not seem to be popular. Cattle .and sheep are dying, in considerable numbers, upon the Liverpool range, in consequence of eating "native peas," which abound in that locality. Cattle become mad after eating "this plant, aiid die in great agony. Thc people of Bourke are in the habit of feeding their horses uponTiay made from the native grasses; and this year, as. usual, .they cut a quantity upon' the Crown Lands. The police stood by and saw the grass cut without remonstrance, hut when it was .ready to b,e carted in, they pounced'upon the lury as "public property. It is possible that the law may justify this procedure, but it seems to us at : a-distance to be unnecessarily oppressive. From Invei-ell to withiii about six miles , of Glen Tnnis may. be traced a "formation of the purest lime- stone. The Dubbo papers , report -that, since the drought broke up in April, showers have fallen as frequently^ as they were required, and the consequence is that every thing is looking- well. The prospects of squatters in the north- west are at present very promising so far as the season is concerned. Grass aiid water are everywhere abundant. A steamer has been sunk in the Murrumbidgee with 170 balcs of wool on board. The accident occurred hear Hay. " ' The -Yews Courier states that a tin lode has been discovered in that district, which is expected to prove valuable. The Queensland Government is turning all its prisoners, in at least one of the gaols, into shoemakers. The convicts turn out strong boots for Government service,; at ,a. third .of the' ordinary contract price,, besides .which they cffcet a large saving by repairing? boots arid-shoes from the. Government institutions/ Two of tlie shoemakers are blaekfellows. The Argus supplies a striking -proof of the danger of having .much "to do with lawyers. George Kingsland was.a chemist in .Melbourne, who declined to pay what he conceived to be an unjust demand for £600, and sequestrated liis estate, His debts were twelve or thirteen hundred pounds, and his assets realised four thousand. . Of this amount,.owing to insolvency examinations, equity suits, and the like, the whole has now been expended except seven or eight pounds, which has been left to the insolvent with which to pay the costs of his own solicitor. A man who was at the bottom of a well, was so badly injured that he has since died, in consequence of a large pig's having fallen in upon liim. This occurred somewhere on the border of South Australia. The Small Debits Act now before the Assembly has been so amended as to restore a right of appeal from the decisions ofthe justices. The bill to limit the power of the Supreme Court; in such cases as Dr. Steel's, has been lost on its second reading. A Parramatta cat has adopted a motherless puppy, and is rearing it with her own progeny. The steward of a ship just arrived from China, died very suddenly from-rupture ofthe aorta. He was only ill six minutes. The Inspector-General of Police is endeavoring to re- establish the Police Superannuation Ftmd on a better basis, and has arranged for the payment of an additional one per cent, by all members of the force, and is now in treaty with pensioners to get them lo consent to allow a reduction of two per cent, from their receipts. At the Deuiliquin Circuit Court, on the 7th, John Taylor, ofthe Royal Hotel, was acquitted of a charge of horse-stealing that had been brought against him. The expenditure from consolidated revenue during the quarter exceeded the income and left a debit balance cf £80,020; but the loans account and special service accounts showed at the end of the quarter credit balances to the amount of £797,058. A ghost story is current in the neighborhood of Gundagai. The unearthly visitant has rather appropriately chosen, as the place of his manifestations, a dull and disagreeable spot called Bonnet's Folly. Last Wcdnesdny week, a concert took place at the Hospital for the Insane at Gladcsville, in one of the large dormitories which had been cleared and dccorated for the occasion. The inmates were much pleased at the humane attempts to amuse them. The Clarence papers are advocating the introduction of floating sugar mills. The Umpire, after giving some particulars of the late wreck at Brisbane Water, in which Miss Watkin was drowned, says, " this tragical occurrence will recall to the mind of old coasters the case of the schooner that capsized off the Tweed some sixteen years ago, and remained bottom upwards for two or three days, with the owner, Mr- Bobcrt.Gec, and- a male passenger still inside, until they were rescued by some sawyers and sailors from another wrecked vessel, who happened to be strolling on. the beach, and heard the cries of the captivesforhelp. \- Fourteen .Cliinamen; were .poisoned on board the Dutch'barqueJConstancb, ^which arrived in Sydney a fe^v days ago. ffh^pois£>n was in the water. Ns£\ v. ;' ' \- The Bathurst papers spdalfycry favorably of the manner in ' which Mr. - District Judge jJosephson discharged his duties at the Quarter Sessions which have just been held inthat town. rSzMrijW^oPion.theWinimera, has destroyed 16,000 sheep, in consequence of tlio" idrought, and-he. offers. to giye ;10,0p0 more to mybojly^ho will drive them away. Hie estimates provide for Lunatic Asylums at Maitland, Goulburn, and Bathurst. v - .. '7 Mr. Robertson has introduced a bUl to ro- 73uce "the" "sa1aries "of:: future.Governors,- '4he- Judges, and Ministers. : It is .thought that tho Judges were included in the; bill in; order to ensure its defeat in the Upper House. ~ - ^Palmer lias been convicted of the murder of,. Halligan, the gold- buyer at Hoclthampton, and sentenced, to death. He manifested not the slightest emotion. Williams Ms also been convicted. This prisoner vehementljr protested his innocence', but he, too, was ^ sentenced to death. Atclribald, another of the parties con> corned, was to be tried the next day. Townsend's second consignment turns out to benothing but valueless crystalized quartz. Consequent upon its transit from Invercll, through the Commercial Bank, about five pounds were expended in telegrams. The probabilities seem to be that Mr. Forster's -Assisted Immigration "Bill will be lost. A- synopsis of Mr. Parkes' and Mr; Forstcr's views of this measure maybe found in another column. The last of the men of the Page tribe of aborigines committed suicide, a few days ago, near Murrurundi. BY NO MEAIIS UNUSUAL.—During the course, of what is now becoming rather a long life, wo have frequently been summoned to the bed-sides of persons who were literally ou the very verge of- the grave; and yet we do not remember a single instance in wliich Hope had wholly abandoned the sufferer. Whilst the sifik man's state was painfully apparent to every observer, and friends turned from the sad scene with moistened eyes, Hope remained to the last. We have certainly heard many people say they were going to die, but such expressions were mere utterances, of impatience under physical pain—the unconsidered words with whieh the patient ap- ! pealed to the sympathy of liis friends. Fully written out, such language would have been," I suffer intolerable agony, under which I shall sink unless a remedy can be found ; can you do nothing to mitigate these pangs ?" Even then, there was an unsurrendered hold to existence — a hope that no vital organ was fatally implicated.. We are not surprised, therefore, when the Taree Times talks about living on, although it never had, even from the dawn of its existence, the slightest chance of reaching adolescence, •much less maturity, or old age. Unfortunately, : it came before its time, and as if this was not bad enough, it seems to have been singularly unlucky in contracting those infantile disorders, from which it has been perpetually suffering,"although each attack left it weaker than the last. That it is now expiring can:no longer be concealed. All that its friends can do is. to advise the surviving member of the concern to fold his' robe with dignity, and submit to what is inevitable. In the last bulletin we liave seen, it is stated that the Times vet breathes, but it is added that it is " Iciddng '—the very last thing that- was observed in the life of O'Faivell. " Kicking" is by no means uncommon when animals die through want of nutrition, or when death is produced by a softened brain. Idiots, lunatics, and great criminals often die "kicking." We commiserate our neighbor's fate, although his view of the objects of life is somewhat peculiar. He desires lifs; itsoenis. merely to boast of having become a nuisance:— that he" may be " a thorn in somebody's side," and make that somebody " very uncomfortable." Well, if the proprietor of the "NEWS" be the person alluded to, we confess that although we are obliged to deal with nuisances sometimes professionally, : wc have no particular fondness for disagreeable ; things of any kind. We always avoid, as far as possible, people who have the itch, or who are fond of billingsgate; but of all otlier nuisances, the presence of babblers, who are never tired of uttering nonsense, is, perhaps, to us, the most distasteful. We cannot, therefore, mourn the death of the Times, although we shall be sorry for any pecuniary loss which may: be sustained by those whose endorsements brought the paper •into existence. We trust, however, that such loss will not be serious, and that it will render • these gentlemen more cautious in future. An amusing occurrence, says the correspondent 'of the. Ovens Spectator, recently took place ;atWodonga. A German, named Solfinger, was engaged to be married to a young country lass named Fisher. Amorigst certain other antenuptial stipulations, wis one which bound over . the enamoured swain to build a house upon a pieee of ground belonging to the fair one's mamma. The mansion was satisfactorily completed in due course, and the long-wished-for d:-y arrived. The clergyman was in attendance, and all the delicate et ceteras appertaining to . the cercmouy were arranged in apple-pie order, when the faithless, fair positively jibbed, and refused to accept the yoke'. As a matter of course, a scene ensued, Mein Herr swore volubly in the vernacular of" Vatcrland,". after which the. imperturbable Fraulien coolly handed him over to the tender mercies of a constable. Tho sweets ofthe anticipated honeymoon were bitterly reflected over during a short detention in the local lock-up. Poor Solfinger was subsequently brought before the Bench, and was" bound over to keep the peace, himself in £50, and two sureties of £50 each. A KNIFE THAT CUTS WITHOUT CAUSING PAIN.— The Pall Mall Gazette says:—" Not conterit with chloroform, science has produced a knifo which cuts so rapidly that the person operated uiioii feels no pam. The method was fulty explained the other day to tho British Medicid Association by Dr. llichardson, the inventor, who has also written to the Times contradicting a statement which appeared hi tho papers to tho effect that a rabbit was eating its dinner in front, while it was being cut to ribbons in tho real- by the instrument in question. Dr. Richardson tells us this was not the case; no animal whatever was allowed tho privilege of being subjected to experiment, but ho ' was anxious to make an experiment, bj' way of illustration, on his own body.' Unfortunately, 'ho was prevented at tho last moment, by an accidental breakage of the instrument, from caiTyiug out the demonstration.' It must have been a sad disappointment, but it is satisfactory to feel that tho knife can bo mended, and that tho learned doctor is ready, ho assures us, to repeat experiments on his own body, which he has already triod with success. Wc hope next time there will be no contretemps, and that lrj will find no reason to regret tho confidence ho evidently reposes in his now knife.' It is rumoured in well-informed circles that the Government intend reducing tho salaries of Commissioners of Crown Lands fhlly 50 per cent. . EABLT HARVEST.—Mr. DIMOND, of Jones' Island, is at present reaping a splendid crop of barley of the " duck-bill" variety. The annual Skipton ram sale was held on tho 16th ultimo. The attendance of buyers was numerous, all the colonics of the Australasian group being represented. A turnip worth writing about is mentioned as lately produced at Grcnfell. It measured five feet one inch in circumference. The Mining Jiecord mentions the fact-. 