MISCELLANEOUS. Galling Spirits fboh the Deep. — The committee appointed by the Dialectical Society to investigate spiritual manifestations have held another meeting. The Inquiry promises to increase our information,. if not . of the spirit world, at least, of tbe extent of human credulity, Mr.. Janrhen, barrister, read a paper on the different classes of spiritual phenomena. 'He said that be could himself testify to the lifting of heavy bodies. I., have seen tbe semi-grand at my house raised horizontally eighteen inches off- tbe jground, and kept suspended in space two or Ibree mfnites. I have also 'witnessed a ' square table lifted one foot off-the ground, no one touching it, or being near it ; a friend present seated on the carpet, and wratching the phenomena, all the time. I have seen a tatole lifted clear over head six feet off the ground ; bat, whit is more remarkable, I have seen an accordion suspended in space for ten or twenty minutes, and played by-an invisible agency. A -lady gave her expe riences as follows ; — ' The most remarkable manifestations X 'have seen were those of last Sunday evening at my house. We were seated -in a. room whichsgvou'd have been dark but for the moonligisp We heard raps and then we saw a figure at the window. It _ entered, and then -figures came trooping in by dozens. One waved its' hands and passed through ns ; the atmosphere became fearfully , cold. A figure— that of a relative— came behind my chair, leaned over, and brnshed by hair, lightly with its band. It was eight feet high, and, approaching ' Mr. Lindsay, passed through him. Mr. Lindsay sobbed hysteri cally from, the intense cold.' Mr. Bianchard gave the committee tome particulars of his experiences. .Some y-?ars ago he came In contact with the Marshall*, who were in the habit of raising ghosts, and be witnessed some strange occurrences. 'He had given up spiritualism for the last fewyears, because be found it very ..inconvenient ' when the printer was waiting for copy to be interrupted by spirits who wanted him 'as -a medium. Mr. Btahchard subsequently related that the epiritsof Alexander ; the Great and Jean of : Arc wrote their names. Joan of Arc was asked if there was any other name, by which . which she was known, and she wrote 'La Fucelle.' , He was convinced that the* Mar- shall^ did not know so much French. Mr. Spear, a professional medium, said that be -lid not at one time believe in spiritualism, but he. found his hand moved, and it wrote, as follows : ' We wish you to go' to Abingdon tosee David. Binning.' He went there, and found; an invalid of. that name, whom he cnred at tbe dictation of. the spirits. He afterwards visited New York to lecture on . geology,' of which science he knew nothipg His succe&s; was eo.great that the professors said, ' He takes up geology where the books leave off.' Tbe committee are preparing a report 'on Spiritualism. Profitable Newspapees. — Some of the most profitable newspapers in 'the kingdom are those which scarcely anybody sees, and nobody reads. Tbe j London Gazette costs about £8000 a year to produce^ including the handsome salary of £800 given to the editor ; it brings in a revenue of over £24,000, so that there is a profit of £16,215. Even the Edin burgh gazette, which probably no mortal eye has seen south, of the Tweed, has a profit of more than 100 per cent; costs, that is, £1453, and brings in a_ .gross revenue of £3118. The Dublin Gazette is a less vain able property, aBd the profit is only £604 Altogether the Government may be .congra tulated upon the results of its efforts at jour nalism,, for it netted £18,484 last'year. The Ba.li.oon Voyage Acboss thb At lantic. — -Mons. A. Chevalier, the distin guished aeronaut, who lately arrived in this city for the purpose of making a balloon voyage hence to Europe, bas leased Land mann's Park, Sixty-seventb-street and Third avenue, where he will make several ascents during the 'next two months, prior to bis final i departure on bis great Transatlantic voyage, which Will be on the 31st of July. -More than iOO applications have been received by M. Chevalier from persons desirous to accom pany him on his perilous trip. The pnce fixed, for the passage is 250 dollars, and not all wlio'offer themsel ves at that price will be accepted by tbe Professor aB compagnons du voyags, as he wishes to take with him only such -persons as are capable, through mental and ^physical qualifications, of assisting. him in his scientific observations, for tbe sake of which, chiefly.: tbe daring project is under taken.— -Ateio York Tribune. The Tailor ahd the Nabob. — Before leav ing Paris his HigbneBs the Nawab Nazim of Bengal thought to keep out the cold by hav ing his coats lined with fur. A Paris tailor did the needful, but with the six coats for warded a little bill for more than £5,930— not francs, but pounds sterling. This modest demand tbe Nawab refused to pay and tbe indomitable Frenchman followed his Highness to England. Here, however, the fortune that favors the bold turned altogether against him. The NawaVs English friends declined Jo see him fUeced before thyr t-eyes. On- reaching London the boats were examined by experts, who pronounced the sables to be-wortb com paratively nothing, and the tailor was' glad eventually to compound his claim/ by the cession of the furs and the payment of r £200 or £3(30 on account of work done, loss of time, and -partial -deteHoratira of the fare.— Allan's Indian Mail Db. Gbieoo ^pn CoNBtjMPTioir.— A new ezT planation'ofi the ^oanse aof consumption, and, as the naturalsequel of that explanation, a newpr&eticaldirectionfor; the prevention of tharT^al^iseaBenT^e^Wen^pu^fisSeHby ... Eollin ' R. Gregg, M.D , of Buffalo, ^tnlgnor. ,. y ,- - . - . ' :? - 'V- j» iwer^of consumption lies iu juherc.ies Joraieg-. Avpoh'the'luh«sr Hithertb ilo cleH r and. deci sive account has. been given of the cuise ol these tubercles. Dr. Gregg's theory is briefly as follows : — Tbe blood corpriscfes, 'which are little cells of disc shape containing . red color ing matter, on a disturbance in the propor tions of the serum or liquid matter in which they float, become swollen, and so stop up the capillaries of the lungs. The healthful composition of the serum, or colorless liquid of the blood is 7 parts .-of albumen to 40 of water, in which 51 parts of red corpuscles float. When some-rf -the albumen escapes through the skin, in consequence of a wound, abhtsion, or inflammation, -the serum'feecomea too watery ; and in accordance with the law of endosmose— -that is, the absorption by organised bodies of liquid thinner than that fitted for them— the corpuscles absorb more than their proper quantity of the liquid. The consequence is that these corpuscles becom ing swollen are arrested in their progress through the blood vessels, and numbers of them accumulate. This steps the circulation of the liquid serum, and the corpuscles de prived of the requisite quantity of liquid, begin, by tbe law of exosmose — the converse of endosmose — to give out their thinner con tents, and thus dry and shrivel up. At this s' age the corpuscles themselves become tu bercles. The practical Tonclusion from this explanation is that abrasions of the mucous membrane in any part of the body may cause consumption. These abrasions are caused by colds, by skin disease being badly cnred, or driven in npon the mucous surfaces. To guard against consumption, therefore, great care should be taken when -such di seases as scarlet lever and measles occur, to accomplish a perfect cure, lest these complaints should leave behind them. seeds of future consump tion; no sores or eruptions should be driven inwards by external applications, and the skin should be kept in a healthy state. - A Hobbible Tale of the Sea.— The Oonstitutionnel relates tbe following history: —Tbe trading vessel .Adelina Eliza sailed in August, 1863, from Bordeaux to Hong Kong. A month after she was spoken off the Cape, but never afterwards heard of. A solitary survivor of the' crew of fourteen has just re turned to narrate the dismal fate of his com panions. The vessel having been driven from her course by a violent tempest in the Southern Oeean, lost her masts and rudder, and finally struck on a coral bank, and the men had only time to get into the long boat before she sank. They landed 'on a neigh bouring island, and being exhausted went to sleep. On their awakening'they found them selves surrounded by a number of natives, who made them prisoners'. Their captors turned out to be cannibals, -and gradually killed and ate eleven of -them, including the captain. The other three managed to get hold of a canoe, andjnade their escape to an islet not far off, but .there two of the.m suc cumbed to fatigue and died. Tbe last* after moving by degrees from one island to another, and living on shell fish and roots, finally managed to construct a raft, and committed himself to the mercy of the waves. . After a perjod which he |s unab1e to.calculate, he was at last thrown on the coast of South America, where -he was found by *8ome whites, and treated with 'every consideration, and finally sent to Europe in a Porttianese vessel. 