ARTIFICIAL SANCTITY. The great convent case has terminated in a verdict for the plaintiff with damages £500, including £300 of dower paid to the convent by Miss Saurin. Every one rejoices that the end Las come at last, and the feeling which prevails is unmis takably one of satisfaction with the deci sion. The opinion of sensible persons ap pears also to be unanimous to the effect that, — however annoying it may have been to newspaper readers to find column after column every morning occupied with the pitiful details of this case, — and how ever incompatible with the majesty of justice it may seem that the chief court of common law in the kingdom, presided over by one of the ablest living judges, should for weeks inquire into ''thimble trans actions," suspected thefts of pins, under hand gnawings of ham, worldly-minded refusals of boiled mutton, reprobate long ings for a scrubbing-brusli with sufficient hair upon it, insubordinate desires for a fair share of an umbrella in a shower, and unregenerate preference for two stock ings to one, — nevertheless this case was worth all the time it has taken, and all the tedium it has inflicted. This view we decidedly hold. Great and lasting bene fit is to be derived from this trial. The revelation of convent life made in this case is of the highest practical value. We doubt whether poet, orator, or preacher, has ever put into burning words so keen, trenchant, and convincing a demonstration that nature is stronger than art, — that no routine, no discipline, no determination, no appliances can afford security against the tides of natural feel ing which agitate the human breast, — as is afforded in the narrative of convent ex perience which has just been laid before the British public.' Who would have thought that a nun was so very much like a milliner? or that a Reverend Mother, when you took off her hood, and veil, and serge gown, could be so exactly the same kind of person as an elderly maiden aunt? It needs no balancing of the evidence on one side and the other, — no mathematical adjustment of the blameworthiness on this hand or on that, — in order that we may read this lesson. The Reverend Mother saw that Sister Mary Scholastica had a certain advantage over herself and the other grimalkin ladies of the establish ment. There was in Sister Mary a strange charm for sinners of. the outer world; and the most ardent admirers of. Miss Saurin must admit thai the outer world had a powerful fascination for Sister Mary. It was the old, old story; the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they weie fair, only the sexes were here reversed, and one at least of these daughters of heaven could not but see that the world of living men and vital in terests gleamed with a witching splendour into the dreary halls of the convent, and on ; the cadaverous faces which' glided ghost-like through them. What son of Adam, still less what daughter of Eve, will refuse to admit that the feeling with which Mrs. Starr, Mrs. Kennedy, Mrs. Hewetson, and the other weird sisters re garded Miss Saurin was, when analysed to its elements, nothing else but jealousy. They felt that Miss Saurin was more human than they ; that she loved human ity bettex, and that humanity loved her better , and with a persistence, a patience, a smiling spite and gently-worded cruelty which the feminine nature alone can achieve, they addressed themselves to the task of conquering her and casting her out. With the vehemence and passion af their sex, they hated all who looked kindly on Miss Saurin, her mother, her uncle, lxer brother. With bitter agony they observed her popularity with ex- terns, with children, with the lady pa troness of the institution, how she "entirely blinded" Father Cullamore, and gave even the Bishop a good opinion of her. No one can deny that, supposing the jury to have been correct in deciding that they were spitefully plotting against hex-, she showed that two could play at that game. There can be doubt that she made herself unspeakably annoying to the Reverend Mother and her allies. The victory, it seems almost equally clear, re- mained with her. Her foes did not drive her into one important infraction of con vent discipline, whereas they set down in their depositions to the Bishop charges which, unless they were prepared to sub stantiate them by irrefragable evidence, were unquestionably libellous. Let it, however, be distinctly appre hended what it is that this case reveals of convent life. Here we have a company of ladies going apart from the world, call ing themselves par excellence the spouses of Christ, spending their days and great part of their nights in prayers and other religious services, relinquishing property, performing menial offices, and devoting themselves to feeding the hungry, clothing the naked, teaching the ignorant. To the throng of common men they say, ' Depart, for wo are holier thalx , ye." On domestic life, with all its joys, and ties, and duties, ttiey look down ?s from a celestial elevation. Yet virtue /lan guishes in the stifling air of the conser vatory which they heat up for it. Angry passions, heart burnings, jealousies, hatreds, spites, cruelties grow rank and dark beneath the thin veil of artificiel sanctity. What can we say to all this more apt than Mr. Coleridge's quotation from Buny an that there is a by-way to hell from the vex-y gate of heaven ? Let us not exclaim that there is no place for self-denial, for renunciation of worldly pleasures, for mortification of the flesh, in the Christian life ; but let us remember, also, that these are to be pursued in sub mission to the graud ordinances of God's natural world, and that we are not likely to get nearer to Heaven by turning our back on liome.- — Christian World. 