IDOLATRY. I IFrom the Cornhill, for June J \ IN reading the adventures of Robinson Crusoe, j 1 have always hu ned with paTticultir pleasure to I ihe passage which descubes how, on approach- ing the Muscovite dominions during his great overland journey from China, he had tho curiosity at o«e Milage to go and see the native way of living, " which is most brutish and in- sufferable." The^e degraded beings worshipped an idol ©f wood, with ears'like goats'-horns, ey«s as big as a ci own-piece, a noBe like a -crooked ram's-horn, and a mouth like that of a lion, with horrible teeth, hooked like a parrot's ?under-bill. This monster was " dressed in the filthiest manner you can suppose," and excited in the worthy captain's breast that intense dis . gust which we generally feel for other people's -objects of* worship. Whereupon, having spoken to his friends, and piovided aqua-vittc, gun- powder, and " a good quantity of tar in a little pot," Mr. Crusoe and his party surprised the priests by night, gagged and bound them, and then, having plastered over the idol with combustibles, set fir« to him, and reduced aim to a mere " block or log of wood." For this insult to the great Chim-Chi-Thaungu BO the "monstrous creatme" was called, Crueoe and his friends were as nearly as possi- ble massacred, and, indeed, escaped only by an iagonious stratagem. Whether a new China Chi-Thaungu was ligged up after the «ame ?filthy manner, and what was the effect upon the brutish and insufferable way of living of the people, is left to our imagination. ï imagine that in these comparatively tolerant times, Crusoe's action would be considered as ' decidedly wiong ; but I confess that whenever Ï see a Chim-Chi-Thaungu in these islands, and there are a good many of them in different {daces,--J feel a strong propensity to go and do ikewise. Iconoclasm is, indeed, a dangerous profession, and it may be urged that little good comes of it, unless it is accompanied by a more radical cure of the tendencies by which idolatory is .produoed. Yet one would fain hope that the example is not quite lost, and that by the occasional defacement of Chim-Chi his prestige will be seriously diminished. Bold ¡men have -gone up and bearded some of the more imposing idols of our dey, in spite of very .horrible teeth and claws. I will not speak of ««eh powerful beings as the almighty dollar of .America, or of tlie gieat god Respectability, worshipped by the snobs of these islands ; they have been smitten by stronger arms, and seem to thrive tolerably well under the infliction. Nor, for that matter, do I wish to insult certain more hideous idols, whose deformity is palpable to e^ery one. It does not take much cultivation to perceive that an idol with eyes like a ci own- piece, and teeth like the under- bill of a pairot, is a degrading object > of worship. We are sufficiently civilized to have substituted genuine works of art for the old stocks and stones; and the fault is ,not that we value them, but that we pay them so slavish a service. The idols of which I would speak are euch as I should be perfectly prepared to admire in any proper place ; only I don'tv think that they quite deserve to have a temple erected over them, to be mentioned only in tones of the profoundest reverence, and to have all rash critics offered up at their shrines as sacrilegious criminals. ' Thus, for example, though it wants some courage to speak it, I have suffered a good deal from the worshippers of our national idol, Shakspeare. There was once a picture in Punch of a preposterous youth, who declared that, in his opinion, Shakspeare was a much over-rated man. Now, if we could retire into the privacy of our own studies, and speak our minds quietly without having the fear of critics before our eyes, I fancy that a good many of us would confess to a secret sympathy with that adven- turous person. M. Louis Blanc, who, as a Frenchman, should be free from the national bondage, complains gently of some of the suffer- ings he has undergone on this topic. Once, he sa) s, he ventured te suggest to a party of Eng- lishmen, that'it'was not perfectly consistent in Hamlet to speak of " that undiscovered country from whose bourne no traveller returns," just after he had had a long conveisation with his father's ghost. - M. Louis Blanc was instantly suppressed';' ;the' British lion was aroused within his hearers; and he wa3 mule to feel that he had committed the same sort of ' error ' as a curate who should have defended Bishop Colenso to an orthodox rector. Now, I will admit, for the sake of argument; that M. Louis Blanc, as a French- man, attacking our great English champion, was beyond the pale of toleration ; I will confess that, in the case supposed, I should have been as ready to defend Shakspeare right or wrong, as any priest of Chim Chi to' flay Robinson Crusoe; we are not to accept unpleasant truths from a foreigner ;, but, ' I would ask why, when we are strictly amongst ourselves, it should be considered flat blasphemy as ever was committed to suggest that there are some weak points about Shakspeare? If, for example, a man admits that Shakspeare was one of the two or three greatest poets of all time, that at his best moments he showed certain powers which have never been' equalled, why should it " be held utterly abominable to add that the construction' of some of his plots is not absolutely perfect, and that he might have dispensed with a murder or two without serious injury to his pieces ? Even if a man were bold enough to declare that Shak- speare not unfrequently wrote infamously ill, is that a sufficient reason for his summary execu- tion ? The fact is, that Shakspeare is not only a national idol, but, unluckily, he is one whom we have some, trouble in monopolising suffici- ently. Ever since German critics have been raising a cloud (a remarkably opaque cloud) of incense in his honour we have been afraid, as it were, of having our best card trumped. They sometimes erroneously claim to have been the first discoverers, and to be now the best apprécia tore, of Shakspeare ; and by way ef answering this last assertion at least, we try to outdo their boldest efforts by piling up masses of usqualified panegyric, which are enough to destroy all faith in human criticism. Nothing, it is said, is so absurd as not to have been main tained , by some philosopher ; and nothing written by Shakspeare is so bad (and some things, I will venture to say, are very bad indeed) as not to have been defended by some of his ad- mirers, There is always some relief in turning to the commentators of the last century, who are reviled for their utter insensibility, but who had plain common sense, and ventured to judge as well as to fall on their knees in humble adoration. They sometimes tried to measure the infinite with a two-foot rule ; but, at least, they had a measure, and did not fear to report the results of their examination. Milton is not so sacred an idol as Shakspeare, and we may, without danger, ridicule his angels firing cannon, and the palace which the fiends built so carelessly that they were obliged to reduce themselves to the size of mites to enter the door. Yet poor Dr. Johnson his been tenibly mauled by posterity for some of his rafh criticisms. When he says of Ljcidas, "Nothing can less display knowledge, or less exercise invention, than to tell how a shepherd has lost his companion, and must now feed his flocks alone, without any judge of his skill in piping; and-how one god asks another god what has become of Lycidas, and how neither god can tell,"-modern critics, for the most part, can only raise their eyes and hands and shriek in holy horror. I confess that I rather enjoy the worthy Doctor's clashing style of criticism, and even think there is some- thing in it. Possibly his remarks are narrow and grovelling; but, at least, they have these merits:-First, "that they are intelligible; and, secondly, that to answer them satisfactorily, we have to go seriously into the philosophy of the question: They can't be answered by mere shrieking and gesticulation ; but are as tangible as pounds, shillings, and pence. So far, they are better than the prevalent form of criticism, which is a competition to see who can sing the loudest hymns, and use the most high- flown language. There is, however, one comfort about Milton and Shakspeare. They are dead. They can't be spoilt by -their modern admirers. Shakspeare thought, it may be, too little of his work ; but, at least, he didn't sit down of malice prepense to say, " I will write something which shall make the Times or the Telegraph declare that I am the leading poet of the age." He had some chance of being simple and spontaneous. Nor was he in the serious temptation of knowing that whatever nonsense he wrote would be accepted by a circle of wor- shippers, as though it were as infallible as holy writ. It is the modern things and poems which we place in our most sacred shrines which produce the more crying evils. The sects who pay them reverence are scattered through all classes of men, and all schools of thought. We have political, and social, and philosophical, and artistic idols—idols of the cave and the market-place, and the theatre, though differing in nature from those of Bacon's imagination-and still more difficult to classify. The manufacturers of Birmingham are accused of exporting some to barbarous csuntries ; but they might, one would say, find a sufficient market at home. Indeed, I have been credibly informed that certain idolatrous rites have been performed with remarkable success in a temple not quite so distant from that town as the wilds of Timbuctoo. The image set up on these occasions was the well-known, and highly ideal, representation oi the working-man. He is, of course, portraited with a gigantic cerebral development, and with his foot placed trium- phantly on the twin-serpents, Superstition and Slavery. The high priests, who affect to do him honour, appear to be of opinion that he enjoys what Mr. Browning calls , Good, thick, Bweot, stupefying incensó-smoko the thicker and sweeter and stronger the better, and, we may fear, a lillie stupefying also. They, moreover, delight to burn in effigy before lum certain wretched dummies, decked with lawn sleeves,' and coronets and stars and garters of a tawdry kind, and with that imbecile expression of countenance which we may remark in the great .malefactor of the 5lh of November. The weakest point about these ceremonies is that the worshippers are seldom regaled with any refreshments stronger than tea and eloquence a fault from which the hostile sect are singu- larly free» That magnificent object of worship, the British Constitution, with its marvellous checks and balances, its judicious mixture of monarchy, aristocracy, and democracy, and the other wonderful properties which make it, as we know, the pride and envy of the world, has the disadvantage which attaches to the personi- fication of a rather vague abstraction; but the balance of enthusiasm is fully made up by the appliances of its devotees ;-the rich streams of turtle soup and venison and the mighty libationa of generous wine raise their zeal to the highest pitch. When in those great national festivities, which exercise so elevating an influence upon the morals of the British public, the two idols are carried in solemn processions through our streets and ex- posed to public veneration on the hustings, it would puzzle a philosopher to say which sect shouts the loudest, or talks the most magnificent nonsense. Perhaps the sacred hymns which take the form of Buncombe, and the sermons for which a stump is taken as the pulpit, are not always of the most creditable kind ; and calmer people may fear that in the shock of opposing zealots the realities are a little apt to be forgotten in favour of the conventional types ; and, which is the greatest evil, that the abuse lavished upon the outward symbol tends to lowtr our respect for the genuine merits of the* thing represented. The worshippers of the working-man, for example, have been rather startled by certain consequences drawn from their principles by the more ignoiant class of zealots. Before they knew it, they found themselves half committed to approving of human sacrifices. They ex- pressed a most righteous abhorrence of the cus- tom prevalent in some parts of these islands, wheie backsliders from the faith have been robbed, or blinded, or actually put to death by explosions of gunpowder. No » shadow of blame could attach to the rational high priests of the sect, except, indeed, this, th'it their exaggerated eulogies led to an unfair re- action upon the discovery of these practices ; the enemy was only too glad of a chance of say- ing, behold the god whom you invite us to revere ; has he not a tinge, or rather more than a tinge, of the diabolic nature in his composi- i lion ? Does not the real nature of your worship come out amongst these unsophisticated zealots? The principles }ou avow.look infinitely respect- able in broad daylight amongst the upper classes ; but down in the dens and secret places where th*y are cairied out, with no fear of such responsibility, they sink into something not much better than fetish worship and cannibal- ism. From such retorts-whatever may be the!r value-the intelligent leaders would have been quite free if they had' abstained from idolatry and spoken the uncoloured truth. If instead of holding up the working-man as a model | of all perfection, they had described him as he ÍE-an excellent being with many -rough and sturdy virtues, but unfortunately fond of drink and incapable of prudence-every one would have been ready to take an impartial view of exceptional crimes ; and, moreover, they would have had a strong aigument from which they have cut themselves off. If the working-man is an angel without wings, our existing social arrangements must be tolerably good ; if, with many good qualities, he comes very short of thorough civilisation, then some social reforms are urgently needed. Idolatry, in such cases, produces a counter-superstition, and makes the prejudices of the unbelievers as unfair and vehe- ment as those of the thoroughgoing zealots. For my own part, however, I must confess that, purely as a matter of individual taste, I piefer this form of superstition to its rival. It may be said that to flatter a crowd is as bad as to flatter a Court, and that a demagogue is as contemptible an animal as a flunkey. I have no desire to compare the two evils accurately, and to portion out the shares of contempt which we are bound to bestow upon each. I would not, in Dr. Johnson's rough language, settle the point of precedence between a flea and another more unmentionable insect. But, on purely rcsthetic grounds, as a matter of personal taste, I prefer the hymns sung to the working man to those which arc sounded in honour of the British Constitution. Whether rightly or wrongly, a gentleman who gets up and praises a class to which he dots not belong may be, and frequently is, obeying a gener- ous impulse ; perhaps he is even pushing gcnerosily to an extreme, and that is an action which it is possible to do gracefully. But when his -adversary arises to express an ex- cessive admiration for the arrangements to which his own good fortune is owing, I think he has a rather awkward appearance. " Behold me," he says in effect; " I have eaten a good dinner and have an excellent coat on my back ; I am thoroughly comfortable, well off, and prosperous ; -what a never- sufficiently-to-be admired state of affairs it ie which gives me all these good things! What a fool any one must be who ventures to complain ! He ought to be proud that I, and such as me, condescend to govern him ; to give thanks daily that he does not presume, like the foolish democrats of other nations, to consider that his own interests should be preferred to mine, and that he should even have a voice in determining the mode of preferring them. Consider it as a beneficent arrangement , of Providence that I am to be rich and respected, and influential, and you to be my most obedient humble servants, and to retire,if you haven't my luck, to live in the workhouse, or on my charity." So far from saying that this doctrine is erroneous, I believe it to be in many respects perfectly sound ; and am as little favourable to ultra-democrats as to those who believe with Mr. Weller's young nobleman, when he got a pension because his mother's uncle's grand father had once lighted the King's pipe, that whatever is is right. I only say that the sentiment is more difficult to express grace fully. I do not speak for a moment of the ra- tional admirers of our Constitution, but of those idolators who hold it to be perfectly im- maculate and incapable of improvement ; and I venture to say that their nonsense (for it is surely safe to say that there is a good deal of nonsense on all sides of every question) is, cn the whole, mere repulsive to my taatea than that of the opposite description. If it was still flourishing, we should still be hanging pick- pockets, governed by rotten boroughs, and in- dulging in some old-fashioned forms of worship to the aforesaid idol, which the increasing com- mon sense of the age has fortunately managed to render obsolete. There is another variety of superstition which, to my mind, is equally annoying, though it bears with it a certain aspect of generosity and public recognition of merit which must be ad- mitted to have its charm. Some great writer -a philosopher, it may be, or a novelist, or a poet-works his way upwards in the world. He delivers such a message as comes within his capacity, is abused and denounced, and mis- represented, and ultimately succeeds in found- ing a school. We begin by telling a man of any originality that he is a humbug ; thon that he is opposed to all orthodox opinions; and finally declare that he is infallible. We convert him into a pope, whose lightest word is to be received with the respect due to a revelation. When a newspaper has occasion to quote his authority, it calls him not plain Mr. Smith, but John Percy Smith (the addition of a man's Christian names being equivalent to giving him the title of Right Honorable in public esteem), and refers with humble accents to his European reputation. We cannot touch upon poetry, or political economy, or whatever his particular walk may be, without hiving his name cast at every step in our teeth. He is the standard by whom all past and present merit is measured the Colossus under whose huge legs we petty men peep about to find ourselves dishonourable graves. The most ferocious critic becomes tame when he is mentioned, and criticises every work which he condescends to publish in the spirit of a modern artist before an undoubted Raffaelle. We deal with him something as a certain joung Spandiard commemorated in Mr. Borrow's Bible in Spain, treated Bentham. The "grand Baintham," he said, was not merely a Solon and a Plato, but a Lope de Vega; and he repudiated with indignation Mr. Borrow's hint that, so far as regarded poetry, Mr. Bentham could scarcely be reckoned amongst the leading names of the world. I almost believe that there are some persons whose qualifications in, that direc- tion aie scarcely superior to Bentham's, who might be certain of universal applause on their first plunge into metre. At any rate, I am quite suie that if half of what is said at public din ners, with the tacit understanding that it is to be returned in kind, were even approximately true, the world would be in possession of more Solons and Platos and Lope de Vegas than have ever flourished simultaneously at any known epoch : yet it would be rather difficult to make out in celd blood a long list of contemporaries who are already secure of immortality. The disposition te this particular branch of idolatry is, I presume, the practical application of the doctrines of hero-worbhip ; though I fancy that the man of genius to whom the popularity of that name is due, would repudiate most of the , images , set up for our reverence. The hero-worshippers, whether their idols be of timber or gold, are inclined' to airogate a certain moral superiority to the outside world. We, they say in effect, recognise meiit generously and freely ; you carp and sneer from a mean jealousy. We love to do honour to a great man while he is yet amongst' us; you keep your incense till he is dead and buried. We hold that the world is made better by mighty teachers of thought and action, whose shoe-latchets it is an honour to unloose; and nothing is a clearer proof of a cold heart and narrow spirit than an unwilling- ness to hail the advent of the coming reformer and regenerator of mankind. You would have criticised the warts on Cromwell's nose and the specks of blood on his collar, and have found out, only when it was too late, that a man ? with a wart on his nose may lead a good charge of cavalry on due occasion. To this, it might, of course, be replied that no- thing is more antagonistic to the true faith than the prevalence of the sham article. If you fire off all your rockets to announce the Mayor of Little Pedlington, what are you to do when a true king of men makes his appearance ? A habit of gushing on all occasions deprives genuine emotion of all its charms. It is not the worship of heroes, I might say, that is ob- jectionable ; but the Egyptian practice of wor- shipping tame cats under the singular delusion that they are roaring lions. But I will venture to go a step further ; I will confess that, personally, I entertain a rooted aversion to hero-worship, and have no extravagant love for heroes; that I don't find that there aie many giants in the world, and that those who actually exist are only some twenty-four inches taller than their neighbours, and frequently owe their apparent height to mounting their neighbours' shoulders. Is this view of the world less accurate or less generous than that which divides all mankind into heaven-sent heroes on one side and mere help- less dummies on the other ?-which assumes that half a-dozen men can see and: everybody else is stone- blind, or good enough at best to follow their leaders by some vague canine in- stinct? The question as to the accuracy of the theory is not to be solved in a couple of para- graphs ; without some caution I might find my- self launched on a boundless sea of philoso- phical inquiry. Yet there is one simple con- sidérai ion that may be noticed in passing. Every historian inevitably wishes to concentrate the light on his principal figures; his work will gain in literary effect, even if it loses in truth, by declaring that the fly on the wheel is really the impelling power. If Canute had happened to give his orders just as the tide was turning, all his courtiers would have sworn, and all his- torians would have echoed the assertion, that his command had worked a miracle. The men who had the good fortune to be at the top of the tree in the critical periods of the world's growth have had all the credit of determining its line of development. It would have been a brave subordinate who had avowed that he had suggested a plan of campaign to the first Napo- leon; he would have been pooh-poohed by a more formidable person than a critic. A minister, indeed, may, with some fairness, claim the credit 'of all his subordinates' work ; for he would equally suffer the penalty in case of a failure. But it is not quite so plain that the great lights in literature or science have so good a claim to quench the lights of their inferiors ; that, because Newton was a marvellous mathematician, we are to forget all the reasoners who had prepared the problem for him, and even guessed vaguely at its solu- tion; or that Shakspeare's glory is to efface that of all the minor dramatists who are put in gilded liveries to repose unmoved upon the shelves of every gentleman's library. Right or wrong, however, it is the way of the world ; and that being so, I cannot doubt tlut the great men, whatever their true merit have, on the whole, got more than their fair share of glory, and touched up their own reputation with that of all the humble subordinates who helped them. To him that hath shall be given ; the best way to make money is to be rich ; and nothing suc- ceeds like success. These are simple facts, and it would be useless to repine at a distribution of praise which certainly makes history more picturesque ; and, after all, matters little to those who have done their work well without a selfish wish for glory. A man, I imagine, may be perfectly satisfied if he has added a lew solid bricks to a useless edifice, though all the honour is bestowed upon the lucky fellow who happened to add the crowning pinnacle. But that the tone of mind which encourages this process should be recommended on the score of generosity does, I own, sur prise me. Is it generous to say that Wellington won the battle of Wateiloo, and to foj'get the rank and file who had some- thing to do with the result ; to say nothing of leaving out Blucher and the Prussians? There is much practical convenience in having a crowd of insignificant drudges to do the dirty work, and an ornamental fellow or two at their head to take all the glory, or, it may be, all the blame ; to serve as a concrete symbol of all the complicated forces which are acting in obscurity to help in the general result ; but that it is a plan to be recommended on the score of justice and good feeling is by no means a self-evident pro- position. We often hear the demand for equality condemned in a similar spirit, because it shows, we are told, a mean jealousy of all eminence ; and no one would deny that such jealousy exists, and, so far as it influences the result, is mt an and contemptible enough. Yet there is also another side to the argument. If we feel for the humble as well as the exalted, we may find some fault with arrangements which put the mass of quiet people in the shadow, in order that one may enjoy the full sunshine. It is well to admire heroes, Cromwells or Shak speare8 or Fredericks ; but the truest, and, to my thinking, the most generous view is that which declines to recognise them as solitary luminaries, and recognises the plain fact that great men are only the brightest stars in a brilliant constellation. They are due not to a sudden unconnected outbreak of energy, but to an impulse which throws out many minor clusters and enly culminates in them. Nature does not put Mount Blanc in the midst of the central plain of Europe, but amidst the lesser summits of the long chain of the Alps. The doctrines that all jieroes are not quite so indispensable as their worshippers maintain, and as they sometimes fancy themselves, is comforting for another reason. It is a blessing to hold that when a great man falls, the chances are that we have within this realm five hundred good as he. There is a favourite field of speculation for certain writers to ask what would have happened, if something had happened which didn't happen. If Robespierre's stock- ings, said one profound reasoner, had or had not been splashed on a certain occasion (I forget which), the French Revolution would not have happened. If Cæsar's boat had gone down with all his fortunes, there would have been no Roman empire. If William the Conquerer had met with bad weather, we Englishmen should have still been nothing better than beer-swilling Saxons. All these, or some of these facts may be, true ; and it is pleasant to some minds to repeat the old adage about great events and trifling causes, and to reckon up the wonderfully small events which, if they had happened otherwise, would have changed the whole history of the world. I will not say that it is not so ; but I think it gives us a better ground for faith in the future, if we persuade ourselves that the world's progress does not depend on the turn of a die or the flight of a bullet ; and that somehow or other we shall scramble on in a ' similar path, though it may be we shall have to make a few détours, and lose some valuable time ; even if our favourite idols were all converted into firewood, and we had to swear by the great John Brown instead of the mighty Thomas Smith. 'Heroes are excellent things in their way ; but, to my mind, the more , strings we have to our bow the more secure we shall , feel ; and I hold that there is generally a fish or two in the sea, besides the big ones ' that happen to have come to the surface. All this verges on the speculative ; but I will hazard one more remark. Honour our great men by all means ; put them in shrines and burn any quantity of incense before them; but there is a fact about them which is worth remembering. - We never really get the full value out of a mm till we have to some extent taken his measure, and know what part of our idol is made of true metal and what part of clay. The wisest and the best ef men have only seen part of the truth ; and require to be corrected and supplemented before their teaching can be heartily accepted. So long as we are in the fervid stage of idolatry, and fancy that we have the key which unlocks all riddles, we are under a delusion, and we have not really derived the greatest possible profit from our teacher. It is not till we can place ourselves outside his work, compare it with that of other men, and see where it falls short 'as well as where it is satisfactory, that we really know what it is worth. It seems presumptuous in the pigmy to criticise the ' giant ; but the ' beat thing that the giant cm do is to put the pigmy in a position to judge of his merits. Nobody living-it is most probable-is equal to Shakspeare as a poet or to Newton as a mathe- matician ; but our knowledge and taste have so far profited by their labour that we can speak with confidence as to the measure of their merits. We do not presume, in doing so, to set ourselves up as their equals,or as worthy to bei mentioned in the same year with them ; but we are doing them the highest honour in proving that we have learnt to criticise instead of wor- shipping. Therefore I hold that the prevailing idolatry of certain great names is, in truth, a very bad homage to their merits. I protest against the indignant orthodoxy with which certain Beets rage against all heretics, and shriek in holy horror at any suggestion that some logician may have made a blunder, or taken a partial view, or that some poet may have sinned against good taste and common sense. If-begging pardon for so wild an hypothesis - the present writer were a great, and at the same time a magnanimous man, he would think it the best" proof of his success that he had raised up disciples capable of standing on their own legs and mixing admiration with fair criticism: always, of course, assuming that he was not, as is much more probable, completely spoilt by ex- cessive adulation. For the worst evil of idolatry of this kind is that it injures the object of our reverence as much as the devotees ; and that it frequently happens that the idol turns out to be rotten just as we hope that he is ripe. A CYNIC. TESTS.-Everybody who is fond ot 'investigating character sefks for tests. I Now, there are test« which, at first sight, seem to be good, but are really worth nothing. You may search for ever, and be for ever wrong, to find the crucial test of a man's cha- racter in hiB choice of a wife, of a house, of furniture, even of his friends, or of any of his many surround- ings, for that which surrounds a man is not necessa- rily sympathetic with him. Tests of this kind fail, because of the influence of circumstances, which influence you can seldom eliminate. Take, for instance, his friends. Friendship is often the result of the merest accident. One cannot but have some liking for one's schoolfellows and college companions, whether they are especially suitable to one or not; and, indeed, throughout life, friendship depends much upon vicinity. To find a certain test, you must have something that assuredly proceeds from the man himself-something that he says, or does, when freed from the influence of others, and when uncontrolled by ciroumstances. Authors are far better understood than other men, because they cannot help betraying their real thoughts and opinions, as, when they write, they often forget who tbey are, with whom they live, and even what is expected of them. In minor matteis, it is often easy to find a "good test. For example, if you vi ant to ascertain what is to be ascer- tained of the character of a man from his st) le, open his book anywhere, and.) ou ore nearly sure to discern at once¡ the peculiarities of his style. He never can conceal them. If a man means to do a thing, and does rjot do it, you have a sure test. To take writing, again, as an instance: you can see that in such a sentence a man meant to do something forcible and telling, and to ¡«roduce a great effect ; but, per- haps, it is merely fine writing or bombast. You have at once|a measure of the man's powers in that direc- tion. What he blames, what he praises, are good tests of, his character. What he plays at, what he laughs at, are still better tests. All serious work is, to a certain extent, compulsory ; but gamessmeness and laugh'er are, for the most part, involuntary. The serious beaver is always building his house ; but, in that constant work of his, shows no peculiarity of beaver character. It is bttter, in some respects, to be admired by those with whom you live, than to be loved by them. _ And this, not on account of any gra- tification of vanity, but becauae admiration is so much more tolerant than love. If you are admired by those who surround you, you have lit'le to explain, or to justify They believe in you. And thiB makss the wheels of life go very smoothly with you. Of course love often infers admiration ; but there are many instances in which the two thiogs are utterly dis severed. KrxicnoKS.-It is a remarkable fact, that grmdeur of religious ideas does not appear to have been developed by civilisation. The three most civilised nations ot antiquity were, undoubtedlv, the Egyp- tians, the Greeks, and the Romans. How joor were tbe religions of each of these three great nations ! The Egyptians worshipped, in the moBt abject manner, animals*pf such an inferior nature, that they have not even been chosen as emblems of chivalry ; for what knight has everchoBena cow, or a crocodile, as a sup port to his shield ? Again, to estimate the gods of Greece and Rome, take the scene ia Olympus, described at the end of the first book of Homer. Strip it of the grand language ef the poet, with his m&ny- junctured; adjectives, and what a mean idea it gives one of his gods ! There is a vulgar conjugal squabble between Jupiter and Juno, the like of which may be heard any day in Ratcliffe Highway, 'the king of the gods even threatens to lay a heavy hand upon hiB queen ; whereupen her son Vulcan bringa a goblet el wine to his mothe-, and suggests that peace may be made up in this very common» place way of making up quarrels. Then there is in- extinguishable laughter at a comical circumstance which would hardly amuse the British House of Commons-namely, a lame person performing the part of cupbearer. The aifatrs of Troy are forgotten ; and the evening is wound up with feast and song and jollity. Compare these gods and their worshippers' with the deities in pris¡ine America and their wor- shippers.. Study the noble prayers of the Mexicans ; the simple, yet splendid, worship of the Peruvians ; the noble ideas of the Great Spirit which pervaded even the humbler tribes even in North America ; and, above all, note the high conception of the functions of a deity which had been formed by the greatest people in America-the Arauc&ns.; Tbey maintained that prayer was needless, because their gods were so bene- ficent, that ti ey were sure to conf« r upon man all things that it vas good for him to have. At the same time the Araucana showed their gratitude for this goodness, by humble offerings, never touching life. Then, again, look at India. As far as one can understand Buddhism, it may be a religion of little hope; but there is no meanness in it. Viewing all forms of life as so much separation from the deity, the Buddhist is only anxious to get creditably through the variouB forms of life he has to encounter, and then, as a final reward, to be for ever united with and lost in that deity. A very different religion this from that which worshipped tricky gods and discre- ditable nymphs and goddesses, endowed with larger powers than those of men or women, hut having a full share of all their follies and their vices. i THE CARRIAOB or PILGRIMS TO JEDDAK.-Atten. 1 tion has been once more called to the disgraceful, or rather, the horrible condition of the shipB thtt carry pilgrims on the sacred journey. The Day Dream, 408 tons burthen, licensed to carry 216 passengers, lately arrived at Jtddah with a cargo of 613 unhappy Mus- sulmans. The vessel was unseaworthy, but that are all pilgrim ships. In a " box " 10 feet long. 10 wide, and 3 to i feet high, nearly forty women were stowed away. In the round- house, twenty four hus- bands and wives found accommodation. (!) The hatches, were BO lumbered up with reeking oil-jars, ihat the wretched people between riecks could scarcely creep out. The »tench was,'of course, an insuil'trable thing. These details, and many more, are given by the chief officer, who ned from his post at Jcddah. Of such a character is his testimony that the owners of the Day Dream will surely change their vessel's name on hearing it, and henceforth call her the Night Mare. The facts thus adduced, however, are not new. Everyone who has visited the Straits knows hew unscrupulous men abuse the ignorance and fanatic recklessness of Hadjis, and profit by their pious longing, not to be baulked by any dang« or dis- comfort, to behold the sacred city. We could put some startling stories in evidence, were further evi- dence needed. The Madras Government, however, roused by the shameless cases continually reported from Jeddah, have at length taken the decisive step of recommending that no license should be granted to a pilgrim vessel at the Strait» except upon the expreas condition that she touch at a British port on her voyage, obtaining a second certificate from the officer there, and be subject to overhauling from her Majesty's cruisers.-Asiatic, June 2. Ntvtr attempt to do anything that ia not right. Just as sure as you do, you will get into trouble. If you even suspect that anything is wrong, do it not until you art-suie jour Euepicions are groundless. 