THE MAGAZINES FOR JULY. Tho first of a series of papers on » Roman Imperialism," by Professor Seeley, wonld bo suffioient of itself to mark oat Macmiltan as ono of tho best of tho magazines for tho month Tho writer starts with noting tho remi.,1,.1.1" ohango of opinion touoliing tho merits of the famonB controversy between Julius Ctesar and Brutus, whioh has taken plaoo within tha pro- sent generation. "Brains used,, to bo consi dered in tho right, but publio opinion now de- olares for Crosar." Tho whole qnestion is then reconsidered under its oltorea aspects; and tha conclusion reaohod is, that to determine who- ther Cicsar was a benefaotor or a sconrge to his kind, is a subjoot too vast to bo answered with any eonfidonco. But tho paper is ono of singular ability, vigorous in atyle, aud com- prohenBivo in its survey of tha facts of Roman history, both before and after tha fall of tho Ropriblio. It will well repay perusal, and all the more so as it conveys, almost of necessity, manv covert allusions to tho policy and prospects of the prcsont ruler of France. Tho host means of dealing with tha spreading plague of pan- perism is set forth in a paper by Mits Octavia Hill, who narrates her experience in fbnr years' management of- a London conrt. What this benevolent lady aotnally aohiovod was nothing less then tho ohouging " a mob of paupers snd semi-paupers into a body of eolf-dcpendont workers." Tho methods by which she wrought upon tho bettor foolingB of her unruly and poverty-stricken tenants, so as tb'induco them to join heartily in hor schemes for their own im provement, are fnlly detailed, and there is even a pathetic interest in this very homoly history. There would be hopo for England's future if it were certain that Miss Hill is bnt a type of a largo section of England's daughters. It is, we fear, now beyond question, that tho fate of the nation depends on its capacity and its willingness to conquer tho great internal foe, pauperism, whioh is eating oat its very heart. The depresiel prsiiion ol opera in England at tho present time, with the oauses and remedies, are briefly discussed by Dr. Jorcph Bennett, and tho conclusion reached ia that Fashion kills Art in this department. " A Questionable Parentage for Morals," is tho taking titlo of an article by Mr R, H. Hutton. It discusses, and relates, the materialistic (and qoasi-aoientifio) theory ef morahi pat forward by Mr Herbert Spencer, whom Mr' Hntton, not withstanding his dissent from Mr Spenoer's dootrines, allows to bo " ono of tho strongest and moBt sovcrely logical thinkers living." But Mr Spencer is one of the leadors of that modern Englieh school which iB laboring with might and main to find a sufficing explanation for all the physical and moral phenomena of the world known to man inaldo the circle of purely natural oauses and influences. Tho belief in the supernatural is, to that Bchool, merely an exploded superstition. We are glad to bo able to record our conviction that- Mr Button's re futation of the attempt to apply tho materialist principle to the human conscience is complete and unanswerable. Dean Stanley, in a few pages, disposes of a curious point in the Ro manist ritual — to wit, the 11 Pope's posture in eommnnion." His Holintss, it Beams, neither exactly aits nor kneels, but half-Bits and half- kneols ; which is not a vory eomfortablo posture, wo should say. If we recollect aright, Carlylo makes good use of this point in Papal ceremonial, in his "Latter Day Pamphlets." Thiannmber of Afacmillan con tains, besides a couple of pieoes of good magazine poetry, the continuations of two serial i tories, and a slight but ploasant article on the " Nursery Litoratnro" of tho last gene ration, by Miss Yonge. The article in Fraser to whieh most renders will first turn npon taking np tho nnmber, is the one entitled "Why Skilled Workmen don't go to Church." Thoro is, however, little in the artiole that is hew; in fact, it merely states afresh the reasons given by London working men themsolves for not attending church, at a oonferenco hold, with them by some public- spirited dissenting ministers abont two years ago. But tho - writer seizes the occasion to give tho pnlpit as hard a rap for ita intffioieney snd its nnadaptodnoss to tho times as we have seen in print for a good while. Ha goes tho_ length of assorting that it is not Christianity whioh is preached from the palpit, nor are the preachers as a class really Christian ministers. Ws recommend the preachers to read tho orticlo; at all events. Mr R. A. Proc tor sums np, in a good soientifle paper, the latest astronomical conclusions respecting the nature and extent of tho nebnlar system. These reports whioh science brings us from time to time of the wondors of the far off out skirts of creation are almost bewildering, even to tha strongest mind. "A Midnight Rids with Henry the Second" is a dramatic-historical sketch in a new style, end reads like a chapter out of ono of tho best of Soott's historical ro mances, or ono of Walter Savage Lander's fine ''Imaginary Conversations." Another exposi tion of the social and religious ' abstrdities of Comto'a system takes the place of honor in the nnmber; there is an oiticlo on " Currency" (which wo have not read;) an exceedingly agreeable motaphyeioal sketch of the various theories of consciousness whioh philosophers have propounded, thrown iuto the novel form of an autobiographical sketch ; and a sporting paper, woll worth reading, tonching " Poaching ouMontBlano a dczen yoars ago." Of conrae the two serial Btories and the " Life in India " sketches are all advanced n stage. He was, boyond all denial, a cynic and a Saturday Roviewor, who wrote the biting ar ticle on " Useless Knowledge " in tho Corn hilL Ho scoffs at tho offeotation of universal attainments now so prevalent, especially amongst young men, stands out stoutly for good honest ignorance and plenty. of it, and boldly proposos tho establishment of a Soeioty for the oppression of UsoleBB Know ledge. Wo wish him succoss in his enter prise I A good English critic reviews tho writings of Andrew Marvell, the incorruptible politician of tho commonwealth times. Tho topic is somewhat trito, bnt it Bervcs to settlo the controversy as to tho real anthorsbip of tho two well-known bymnswhieli havo until recently been always assigned to Addison. There can no longer bo any doubt that Addison was tha writer, nor is thero a fragment of evidence, either internal or external, to warrant tho claim set up for Marvell. A graphic picture of the life and ways of tho Eskimo people ; a capital sportirg sketch, after the good old fashion of Christoplior North, detailing the perils and pleasure s of salmon-fishing at night; a pleasant gossipping account of " English Shrines and Pilgrimages," before tho Reformation ; together with two instalments of serial tales, and a good piece of poetry, make np a varied and satisfying nnmber of the Cornhill, tlva -.1 t "d 1_ U1 uutu JJJTU11 a uuiunuiiuto mm- riago is told onee more in Blackwood, by a writer who evidently knows more of the circum stances of Byron's life than havo over beon pnt into print. He bears hard on Lady Byron — harder, by far, than justice warrants, if Lady Byron were, indeed, the high and exalted cha racter depicted in Miss Martinean's fascinating biographical sketch. For ourselves, liaviDg read pretty nearly all that has been written on the sabjeot, wo are bound to stats our full conviction that Lord Byron was the sinner, and that his offences wero unpardonable by any faithful and pure- minded wife. There are offences which ought not to be condoned, and cannot be condoned without a deliberate degra dation of tha marriage relation ; and of snch offencos Byron was certainly guilty, and deeply guilty, during tho first year ef his married Iifo. The works of a living poet, of a very different stamp from Byron, Wuliam Morris, are gontly and lovingly reviewed by a skilful hand in the number before as. William Morris is a true poet, though not of the highest class. He is no more like Tennyson or Browning than Charles Lamb was like Coleridge ; but his poetry is very delightful, albeit he ranks only amongst tho minor minstrels. He is, in a word, an ancient bard fallen strangely upon this modern era of railroads and Armstrong guns. He will never be popular as Tennyson is popular, but he will find a " fit audience though few," who will cherish his volumes as jewels of price. A now and seemingly tenable theory of earthquakes is worked out by some able scientific hand. Tho conclusion reached in that oartbqaakos are not, as is oommonly mnnosed, tbo results of " tidal or other com motion in a central molton mass, but of dis turbances in tho outer rim of tho earth's solid crust, occasioned by olectrio notion and ohenomena analogous to those which hnvo their sent in tho atmosphoro, in tho gaseous !"n0 which surronndB earth's Bolid surfaoe." Thero is a good neoount of tho Fij is, written crobably by a resident, and predicting that those fine islands will soon become a flourish ing British colony. Ono serial story is ad vanced a stago, and a now ono is commenced. A political article (which wo have carefully aviidod reading), closes a good and quite Blackwoodian number. Decidedly tho boBt thing in tho Dublin Uni versity in n short Irish story, all trae, entitled i Tho Questioning of Paddy Mullowney's Ghost." This magazine was wont to be famous for its Irish tales, bnt the art of writ ing them seems to have gone out with poor William Carloton. , The " Wyvoru Mystery " looks like a now sensational romance of Le- fnnd's, but we have not road a lino of it as yet. Three papers of light litorary gossip on " Re- markablo TrialB," "Memorablo Odds and Ends," "A Century of English Caricature," and a selection of " Eastern Household Tales " Irom Jaceb Grimm's huge oolleotion of folk lore, make up tho bulk of this number. "A Life's Lesson" is a set of verses by u lady, worthy of being remembered. 