THE POPERY OF ; RITUALISM ; '. OR', ' ROMANISM IN THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND (By John Search .) \- No; IV. ; ; / In our last article we called attention to fiie Calendar in the Book of Common Prayer, and to the teaching of that book on the subject of baptism. We attempted to show that in both these matters it is essentially Roman. To-day wo wish to bring before our readers its doctrine of P»«ineflw A herkhifinn rtnrl ii- wi«ivr Vt/\ ' n«« A J M.MW1UUWUJ muu utojr VUU" fession. We place Absolution .first, be cause it appears very clear to us, -that if wo only succeed in showing -this to be tho doctrine of the Prayer-book, con- fession must follow, as the one is, unmean ing without the other. We sliall pass over the form of " Absolution or Remission of Sins " contained in " The Order For Morning Prayer," as it may bo con tended that " this is only a declaration of the condition, or terms, whereupon. God is willing to pardon sinners." Although we'shall find that Wheatly (On the Book of Common Prayer) and others, contend, that when the Priest — " by virtue of his power and commandment, declare and pronounce such absolution and remission regularly in the congregation ; those in the congregation that tridy repent and un- feignedly believe God's holy Gospel, (though the Priest does not know who or how many there are that do so,) have yet their pardon conveyed and sealed to them at that very instant through his ministra tion ; it being the ordinary, method of God with bis church, to. communicate his bless ings through the. ministry of: tho Priest." We shall not press this point; but call attention' to the following from the "Form atid Manner of Ordering of Priests :" ' Wien this prayer is done, the Bishop with the Priests present shall lay their h!aiids severally upon the head of every one that receiveth the Order of Priesthood ; the receivers humbly kneeling upon their knees, and the' Bishov saying : — Receive the Holy Ghost for the Office and Work of a Priest in the Church of God, now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thou dost. forgive, they are forgiven ; and whose sins thou dost retain, they are re tained . ' And be thou a faithful Dispenser of the Word of God and of his Holy Sacra ments. In the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The following is from "The Order for the Visitation of tho Sick." The reader will see that it relates to Confession as well as to Absolution. " Then shall the Minister examine whether he repent him truly of his sins, and be in charity with all the world, Sfc., . Again — "Here shall the sick per son be moved to make a special confession of his sins, if he feel his conscience troubled with any weighty matter. After which con fession the Priest shall absolve him (if he humbly and heartily desire if) after this sort" "Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to his Church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in Him, of his great mercy forgive thee thine offences : And by His authority committed to me/ 1 absolve thee from all thy sins, in : the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." It may be interesting to the reader to know that the following words, as found in the above quotations, were not added until' last revision; made .by the authority of Charles II., in 1661, viz., " repent him truly of his sins and," and also, " be moved to .' From the time of Edward VT. down to the last revision under Charles, the sick person was " examined whether he was in charity with all the world," and it was left .to him whether he made any con fession: or not ; hut since that revision it has become the duty of the Priest to ex amine him not merely with regard to his being in charity with all the world, but also with regard to his " repentance of sin," and also to move him to make "special confession." This is only an other illustration of what we have had to point out more than once already, viz., that the Book of Common Prayer, as left by its last revisers, is in closer conformity to its Popish original, than it was when it left the hands of either Edward VI. or Elizabeth. We shall now place by the ;side of the above a passage or two from Roman Catholic authorities, that the reader may compare them. The following is from The Catechism of the Council of Trent. "By these ceremonies and words he (the Priest) is constituted an interpreter and mediator between God and man, wfyicli must bo deemed the principal function, of the priesthood. Finally, again placing his hands on his head, (the bishop) says : Receive thou the Holy Ghost: whose sins thou shalt remit, they are remitted unto them; and whose thou shalt retain, they are retained ; thus bestowing on him that celestial power of remitting and retain ing sins, which was conferred by our Lord on his disciples." Again wo read : But by the grace of baptism, neverthe less, . no one is exempt from all the infirmities of nature; on the contrary, contending, as we all have to contend, against the . motion of conoupisence, which ceaseth not to invite us to sin, we shall scarcely find one who opposes so vigorous a resistance, or who guards his salvation so vigilantly as to he able to escape from every blow. It being neces sary, therefore, that a power of forgiving sips, distinct from that of baptism, should exist in the Church, to her were entrusted the, keys of the kingdom of heaven, by which each one, if penitent, may obtain the remission of his sins, though he had sinned to the last day of his life." See Buckley's Translation, page lll and 327, also 112 &c.; The following is from the Poor Man's Catechism, by Mannock. Published by Lawful Authority;, page 170. "With the Prodigal Son, arise, return, and throw yourself, with contrition of heart, at the feet of the minister of Christ, in the sacrament of penance; and having received absolution, attend to the admoni tion as'coming from Christ himself : Thy sins are forgiven thee, go in peace, &c.;', &c.;" ' Here; then; we have priestly absolution, as taught in the Book of; Common Prayer, and as taught by the Church of Rome,' and we see that the thing is the same, iln both we meet with the same unfounded 'and monstrous assumption of some vast land awful power, invested in the Church, and transmitted through " the laying on of the hand of a bishop," to every indi vidual priest, and exercised by him in the public worship of God, at the bed-side of the sick and dying, or it may be, in private conference. This awful power relates not only to the bodies of men, but also to their souls, not only to this life but to an endless life to come. This power, we are told, is in the hands of a frail creature, who can by the bare repetition of a very few words, bind or loose, stay the divine mercy or cause it to flow on, and thus change the destiny of one soul, or multit.udesof immortal souls. Besides, the man who exercises all this power, is not necessarily a good man, yea, he may he a godless libertine ; all the same. Such, at least, is the doctrine of the Church of England in, its xxvi. Article. Hear what it says : " Although in the visibleChurch theevil he ever mingled with the good, and sometimes the evil have chief authority in the ministration of the Word and Sacraments; yet, forasmuch as they do not the same in their own name, but in Christ's, and do minister by his commission and authority, we may use their ministry, both in hearing the Word of God and in the receiving of the Sacra ments. Neither is the effect of Christ's ordinance taken away by their wickedness, nor the grace of God's gifts diminished from such as by faith, and rightly, do re ceive tho Sacraments ministered unto them ; which he effectual because of Christ's institution and promise, although they be ministered by evil men. &c.;" Carry out this article in its entirety, and it will follow that a Priest, although he may be a drunkard, or an adulterer, or both, or even more, still acts under the " commission and authority of Christ ;" that when he baptises an infant, absolves a dying penitent, or performs any other function connected with his sacred office ; although he may have come fresh from a night's debauch, his eyes red, and his hand unsteady from having " tarried long at the wine," it matters not, the child is regen erated, the penitent is really absolved, and the duties of the office as truly per formed, so far as the blessings conveyed are concerned, as they could have been had Christ himself, or one of his first apostles occupied the place and performed the ceremonies, performed by this drunk en adulterous Priest. Revolting and blasphemous as this really is, it is the only legitimate conclusion to which we can arrive. As Absolution is a doctrine of the Prayer Book, we may safely conclude that Confession must of necessity follow, for it seems very unlikely that the Church would confer upon her Priests the awful power of Absolution without at the same time devising soum means whereby they might become acquainted with the spiritual con dition of the persons to be absolved. The two appear to he inseparable. The reader is referred to a passage quoted in the for mer part of this paper where the Priest is directed," to examine, &c.;" The following passage on the subject of Absolution is from The Parish Priest, by Rev. J. J. Blunt, B.D. We beg the reader to remember that it was addressed to Students in Divinity at the University of Cambridge. He says:— And I can imagine, amongst such cases, somo presenting themselves to you, where you will feel the use of tho form of Absolution in tho Ser vice for tho Visitation of tho Sick, express as it is, so far from repugnant an exceeding relief to your own mind, and a causo for thankfulness that your Church had commissioned you to make such an ample declaration of pardon to her faithful and spirit-broken children, and rejoice that she saw no greater difficulty in supposing remission of actual sins, on conditions, by tho Priest in tlio Absolution, than tho remission of original sin by him, on conditions in Baptism ; and that as it was lawful for him to soy, by force of his commission, " I baptise th'ee," so it was to say "I absolve thee." In Household Theology, by Rev. J. H. Blunt, a minister of the English Church, (not the same as the last quoted), we have the following : Absolve To looso, to set freo from tho bon- clngcof sin. Absolution — Tlio n&mo; given to the form of vrords by -which a penitent person is absolved. Tho forgiveness of sins, on earth, by the Son of Man, through His agents the Bishops and Priests of the Church. The following will show that Absolution England— that it is a practice. The selec ts more than a doctrine of the Church of tion is from the Yisitatio Infirmorum, or Offices for the Clergy, compiled with an Introduction by W. H. Cope, M.A., Oxoh; and H. Strettoh, M.A., Oxori, where the' authorities are all given 1, Accordingly examples are not wanting of the practice: thus 'wo are informed that, Dr. Reynolds, notwithstanding his appear ing for the Dissenters at the Hampton Court Conference, conformed himself to tho Church ceremonies. . . _ . On his deatli-hed 1607 ho earnestly desired absolution in tho form prescribed by the rubric ; and having received it. with imposition of hands by Dr. Holland, expressed his satisfaction in a peculiar man ner." Wo read of Bishop . Sanderson, "After his taking his bed and about a day before his death, (1663) he desired his chaplain, Mr. Pullin, to give him absolution ; and at his performing that office he pulled off his cap, that Mr. Pullin might lay his hands upon his bare head." And of the learned and excellent ,Dr. John Earnest Graho, we are told that in his last illness (1711) " he commonly desired the imposition of the Priest's hands, when tho absolution or blessing was pronounced over him. And as in treating of this subject wc have chosen to<$et out the opinions of Divines of acknowledged authority in our Church, rather than to give our own, founded on them ; so we are anxious to supply our brethren with some examples of the practice and use of such ministrations, from the account of the last days of members of our Church of undoubted fidelity and attachment to the Communion. "Walton, in his life of Richard Hooker, in forms us, "About one day before his death, Dr. Saravia, who knew the very secret of his soul (for they were supposed to be confessors to each other j, came to him, and after a con ference of the' benefit, ti e necessity, and safety of the Church's absolution, it was resolved the Doctor should give him both that and the Sacrament the day following. To which end the Doctor came, and after a short retire ment and privacy, they two returned to the company, and then tho Doctor gave him and somo of those friends which were with him, tho blessed Sacrament of the Body and Blood of our Jesus." Bishop Cosin, in his funeral sermon on Mrs. Dorothy Holmes, sister to Bishop Ncile, of Durham, (1623) says " Her preparation to her end was by humble contrition, and hearty confession of lior sins ; which, when she liad done, she received the benefit, of absolution, according to God's ordinances and tho religi ous institutions of our Church ; a thing that the world looks not after now, as if confession and absolution were some strange superstitious things among us, which yet tho Church has taken such care to preserve, and especially to be preparatives for death. James, seventh Earl of Derby, on the morn ing of the day on which he was put to death by the rebels in 1651, " commanded Mr. Green- haugh to read the Decalogue, at the end of every Commandment made his confession, and and then received absolution and the Sacra ment." Elizabeth, Lady Capel, " three days before her death, (26th January, 1660,) asked and re ceived the Church's last comfort and blessing, the benefit of absolution, which she took with great thankfulness, and showod a heavenly comfort and peace ensuing upon it." Edward Botcicr, Rector of Wintringham, in- his sermon on the funeral of Sibylla (Egerton), Lady Anderson, tells his congregation ; ' The' day before she died, October, 1661) . . slio desired me to pray with her, and absolve her, according to the use of the Church of England, which I accordingly did, to her no little, com-. fort." Bishop Wilson, in his meditation on .the death of his wife, (1705), returns thank's to- God "for his mercies to her in, the time of: sicknoss. . . . -For all the spirtiual com forts tho_ gracious God did vouchsafe her, the opportunities of receiving the blessed Sacra ment, the prayers of the faithful, the ministry of absolution, and the assistance of her pious friends at the hour of death." _ Of Bishop Bull we read, " He would some times desire to receive absolution in the form used in the Communion Office, which he thought came nearer to the precatory forms of absolution mentioned in tho Fathers than any other. But it doth not appear that lie hereby condemned tho use of that form, which is, at least in somo cases, prescribed by our excel lent Church in her Office for the Visitation of tho Sick, or that ho had any doubt concern ing the benefits of sacerdotal absolution, or of that authority which is derived to tho Minis ters or delegates of Christ of forgiving tlio penitent their sins in His Name ; sinco in his last acts of preparation for death he earnestly desired it, and solemnly received it. None can, deny that the form of absolution by him chosen is certainly primitive, and therefore unexcep tionable; whether the other be so or no, hath been disputed by the learned ; and ho had a right to choose that against which no excep tion could lie. This evidently was the case of this excellent prelate ; and upon this account, I suppose, lie desired no other form of absolu tion than this, which was undoubtedly most ancient, a few days before his death (17th February, 1710) ; when, in tho presence of several persons, he made a solemn confession and declaration of tho conduct of his whole life, and so took his leavo of- the world in' a manner tho most edifying that could bo." Tho learned and pious layman, Henry Dod- well, "that night (Wednesday, June 6, 1711) walked, though with trouble, from the room where ho sat, and joined in tho prayers of the Church, to his bed. At which time he, having lately received the holy Eucharist iu the parish ' Church, desired and received tho absolution , directed by our Church from my hands.'' We close this paper with a quota tion from the Ecclesiastic, a periodical conducted by clergymen of the Church of England. The passage will be found in the number for April, 1867, and is as fol- ! lows : — . ! , _ Tho lato outcry against Sacramental Confes- ' sion has made one thing abundantly' evident, viz., that the praotice is- rapidly ' increasing among us. It oouldnot he othorwiso. Nothing is moro calculated to draw people tQ Confession than' the iCatlioliQ doctrine.: of the Holy ist, which has been brought into such pijoini- ncnco of lato in ways indeed which suggest'many sad thoughts, but which have tended, by the good Providence of God, to the furtherance of tho truth as it is in Jesus. Add to this, that, tho preaching of tho English Priests has under gone a marked change—the stiffness of manner,, which seemed liko want of sympathy, is fast disappearing, and it is not difficult to find churches whero the Catholic Faith is exhibited; in that homely and touching language which is " ns necessary for its growth as the increased de cency of ritual which has accompanied such preaching. And whero the prevailing sins of the day aro spoken of by men who have them selves striven ag&inBt; them by the use of Sacra mental Confession, and the manifold spiritual agencies which aro its natural result, people cannot but bo drawn in increasing numbers to the samo Holy Ordinance. Hence the outcry which lias arisen lately. -Men have found them selves in the midst of a prevailing practice, of silent growth, in which they themselves are taking no part. Tho note struck in some of the daily papers was indeed but feebly echoed but this was rather owing to the fact that so many felt they were speaking of what was cherished, as of God, by many of their own companions in life thnn to tho idea that tho practico was more limited in extent than had been suggested. For the present we must leave our read ers to ponder these facts, in our next we shall consider the teaching of the Prayer Book on the "Real Presence" in the Communion. 