I A BREAKFAST' WITH SEA-LIONS.: I (Correspondent of tbo New York Tribnno. j Of all tho lions of San Francisco tho most uniquo ; aro the sea lions. This morning a party of friends and myself rodo out to breakfast with thorn ; and if thoy did not join in tho banquot, tlioy at least coua-, tenancod it. . ; : - i. From Montgomory streot, wo drovo up Bush, an cxecodingly sharp lull, passing rcsidonccs which aro chiefly of wood, and have largo, ploasnnt gardens, I After tho cobble-stones of tho old business thorough fares nnd tlio Nicolson pavement of tho rcsidout streets woro loft ochind, tho blouing sands grow try ing to the eyas. In tho beginning thoso baro sand hills must havo been vory dreary ; but the grass aud shrubbory of tho yards is covering their nakodnoss moro and moro, and in limo San Francisco will bo tlio most picturesque of all our large cities. The viaw of tho water nnd tlio shipping, from hundreds of dwell" ings, is suporb. Past raw outskirts, past Lone Mountain Cometory, whore sleep Brodonck and Bnkor and Starr King, we reached n Bplcndid macadamized turnpiko, and our liorsoa flew liko tho wind. Tho pace into whioh tho noblo animal ia persuaded in tills cool, bracing olimato would soon kill him in an Eastern city, and would sot Honry Borgh to wringing his Imnds and tearing his hair. Rising to tlio crost of tho last hill, wo looked out upon tlio groat Pacifio, its green oxpanso flacked with snowy foam. I wondor how often one must seo it to destroy the associations of infinito far off-ncss, whioh always give it a charm for stranger eyes! At tho wator's oclgo wo stop at tho Cliff Houso — a long, low, ploasanc frame building, with a wing of liorse-Bliods stretching afar, aud deop, hospitablo porches in front and rear. Tho Cliff is a favourite resort. Omnibuses run constantly from tho city- eight miles— and private partieB go out daily, some- times choosing moonlight nights,- but- generally breakfasting hero, - that thoy may roturn by noon, before tlie winds grow furious. Tlio gentlemen of onr party nil wear ovorcoats, but arrivo so chilled that the coal fires provo a strong magnet for tho first few minutes. Then from the rear poroh wo gnzo out eagerly upon tho Pacific. To the north is the en trance to San Francisco Bay, with its romantic name; nnd its yet more romantic hiBtory. Further, and just beyond tho reach of vision, lies Drake's Bay, where, 300 years ago, tho great navigator and captain lay for months and never found tlio golden gato. To tlio north-west rise tho Farnllones, which supply San Francisco with the egg9 of the murro or foolish guillemots, n nutritive but unpalatable substitute for lien's eggs. Straight before us, to tho west, strctohos the grout Ocean, with its now currents of commerce, its now paths of ompirc. How tbo thoughts crowd upon ono ns Ins straining oyes try to pieroe tho; horizon! Tlio Snndwich Islands— Japan — China — India! The beginning of a now ora. which links us to " dusky nations living in atrnngo countries, wor- . shipping strange gods, and writing strange charaotors from left to right 1" But wo lcavo speculations about the distant and the infinito to study tho wondor which lieB nt our fcot. A few yards from tho porcli are tho" famous Seal Rooks, two or three huge granite pilos strenked with whito from pelican deposits, . and washed and worn by tho waves into picturesque sliapos, with a curious arch piercing tlio top of ono. Here, during tho summer uiontli9, these soa-hons or scale congre gate as tlicy do nowhero else in tho world. On other: coasts, especially on the North Pacific, some of them : olinib lodges, but these isolated rocks, washed on ovgry side by tho sen, aro their pot resort. A- wholesome State law forbids tint killing of them ; so thoir. num bers do not diminish, and tbey aro-likely to romain permanently tlio great curiosity of tbo city. Somo very young ones are not moro than two mot long j the largest aro 20 feet, and weigh 4000 pounds. ThSy bark liko dogs, and on very dark nights, it is said, their voices cnablo pilots of incoming ships to find - tlio ontranco to tlio harbour; . Fully a hundred lie upon the rooks. Through :an opBra-glass ; we can study them with - tho greatest minuteness. Somo are sleoping in. tho sun,- somo crawling slowly up from tho water, somo nursing thoir young, and some fighting. Ono leviathan: is scratching his hood with his hugo flipper, whiloffiis moony faco contracts into a puffy oleaginous scowl. When still frosli from tho water tlio . lions aro black, but their coats dry to a dirty brown, liko that of an ordinary buffalo robo. A few, however, are almost white. Ono theory 19 that some aro .white at parti cular seasons ; another tbat all grow while with age. They, are said to havo tho slowest circulation of any warm-blooded animals, and to Btay under water from half to three-quarters of an hour at a timo. Their eyes are matchless, large, liquid, and tender. As thoy Bit with heads erect, their necks and sliouldors do have a leonine look. W bile crawling up the rocks they suggest primoval monsters or enormous blood suckers. Their heads ore wolf-shaped; hence, I suppose, the Spanish namo for tlieso rooks— Lobos Point. 'Still, a white one swimming in the. water looks, quito enough liko a human being to havo originated the fablo of tho mermaid among -old mariners. The tail, too, ends in a fin, m orthodox mermaid fashion, and the cry of a young one is strangely liko the wail of an infant— though it docs not proceed from the infant of a whnlo. As n general rule sea- lions don't walk about socking whom they may devour ; but one of our group tells mo that down tho const a lady s|iw ono lying upon the: sand, and, supposing it to be doad, touched it with her parasol.. It proved to bo only aslcap;:tlio stroko awoke it ; slie turned to fly, and it wont lumbering after her. While Bbo ran, shrieking with terror, a gentleman of her party came up and despatched the oniuiol with his rovolver. Whether this be history, or n " Oalifornian yarn," 1 have not tho least idea. ' Breakfast interrupts: our observations, nnd wo sit down. to it with keen appotilios. Profusion and ex cellence aro; tho choracteristics of nil California meals. At this wliit'o wino serves instend of coffco, and conversation flows liko n river. Colonel Foster, our host, recalls tho days when lio used to go down to the sea in ships ; Hurry Linden lives his adven tures in Mexico over again ; Swinton invokes the ghosts of tlio Army of the Potomac ; and, at short intervals. Evans blossoms in somo frosli Btory, ul- ways di-ollor and moro extravagant than tlio last. Tlio moal ends with a California fruit offering — strawberries, raspborrios, apricots, onormous peaches, fresh lies, nnd mangoes, all produced near San Fran cisco, and thus oarly in tho season. Tho mango, a little larger than n hen's egg, tastes somowhat like tlio banana, but has anchor tropical flavour. Breakfast ovor, wo make our adieus to tho lions and turn hnmoward. 