§íjc locïi|antjîtoit julietta AND ClíV Blt QaEErJaUND VllVlillTI «HU SATURDAY". .IÜ!iV 21, IHiiíl Tm: northern hüte noir successfully dis- posed ol', llie ¡J mst of local govor. ment laiii, t tie real liii.-iness of (lie Q.aeen laud Parliament, begins. Wini that biiKi'.ess is, wai t',irenliadowed hy an cveit which occurred nt (lio beginning ol't his month We ure tolil liv lim Brisbane piper-, that "a liuve awl influoiiiiul d.-putatiun," wared mi tho l'iuctf tKit lor ?' tho pur " [viso of impressing on tin» Gov rumen' " the urgent nocessitv of i*«»mpl«liii!» tlie " present main trunk railway line from " l.iBwilit', Brisbane." Mr. Pm vu in tro lii-e I tho deputation, and stated the cine with his usual ab lily. Th-? «abject, he said, had been frequently piesse! on the notice of the Government, but the people ol' Hrisbaui', ;l believing the " cntintrv tn bo now in a belier ooi " dil im to complete tho conned ina lin'f " than at any pr-vimi* time," though thc* present occasion most opportune to . again !no;i>'hing the subfe t. Thia stato uient ii made by M''. L'HIX'J in lits capacity ot' advocate, not as his own, hut as the deliberate connel ion ol' the people of Brisbane. All we can nay is, that it may be tho best possible ti.ne tor 3rin ba'ie tn launch out into fresh expendi- ture, but it is mit BO for tho rest nf tho colo'y ; nnd the inference is inevitable, that if Brisbane eau undertake fresh railways, willi (.nat¡on H(. ils maximum, with wnol iii iii nu', or likely to remain at present rates, with every industry in the colony crippled by excessive taxa- tion to carry on tho w.irk of Govern ment, then such uuderlaking can be carried nil onlv bv rob'iing the rest of the colony. Do thc people of Brisbane ron My believe that the co! >uy ia iu sn flourishing a condition that any now public works of anv magnitude ou/.ht to be undertaken? Are they altogether free from préjudice in deciding sn abso- lutely in this matter? We do not suppose that they, knowingly and wickedly ignoring a stace of things ad- mitted everywhere outside Bris- bane, strike our. hardily f r a selfish object, reckless nf all interests but their own We will rather suppose that, blinded by their own selfishness, aud si uili ing .inly their own interest, they believe ia a state ul' things once possible, but certainly now non existent. Crass ijriiiiMnco ui iy be .ieee; te ) ns sn nc jus- tin' alien fur sn moii'ir ms n h-ief, but o >t for the perpétration nf a wholesale and national wrong for the puposo ol' gratifying the selfish purposes of a Sec- tion of the community. Mr. PIUTSTG then brou'bt forward "eer'ain reasons" for completing the " missing link." The first was, that at tho time tho railways were initiated, and when Ipswich was made the pni'it of commencement, " it tra* then fully understood " that the line should be completed to the port at no very distant period. Therefore, as (ho "oppor- tunity now existed "-thc opportunity bring, nu aunpase, the improved con- dition of the country generally, high prices of wool and all other products to complete the extension now would be only carry ins out "the original in- tention of the then Government." The gravity willi whi-'h this proposal to reverence and faithfully to carry out the the intentions of the " then Govern tnetit," made hy Lawyer Pmxo to Lawyer Ltt.i.icv. ri mindil one forcibly of the meeting of tho two augurs in Rome. They did not laugh. And sr», boeauso the 11 KB. « ¡car Ministry, among ils other benevolent intentions, proposed that tho railway lino should at no distant time be extended to Brisbane, therefore the present Government are bound to carry out such intention at any cost to the J co;intrr, and quito regardless of its actual depressed condition. Tho motive adduced is not sufficient to impel tho Guwi-riuuent to action, and th? reasoning ' funded on tho present supposed con- dition of the colony is fallacious aud untenable. The second reason advnn"cd liv Mr. | Pursn, is equally weak. He savs tho ' proponed extension would render the existing linn moro remunerative. Clearly. \W 2>;yit (he wind«* a imminent, and what theil? Are we to coiiiiiiuii our line to Clermont and S orin gs ure, for such ex- tension would certainly make our line mme remunerative? The public money should be so expended, that the tniximum of rem linera I ion should be arrived al. But the conditions fur arriving at this result may not bo co- existant, and until they are, the whole result is impossible. With a large balance in the Treasury and tho taxes ro ducrdtna moderate burden, 1 hr-extension of al'the lines in ( he colony and thc cn struclion of new lines, could bo reason- ably lo'ked for; but. now the case isl diU'ct'cut, and il is better to incur a , oreBent small loss hy non-extension than ¡ to incur tho crushing liability involved ia a new loan for fii-thn- railway es. tension in any part of the colony. We cannot see any force whatever in tho " certain reasons " advanced hy Mr. Puiso for the extension to Brisbane. (Ie had a very bad cause, and made thu most of it. Thurs was au addendum which, as being the pith of the whole thing, and looked upon as most likely to have weight with the Goveniuieuf, wo mUBt not pass by unnoticed. Money was cheap in England ; the Government, it was understood, were about to «sk for another loan. Why not then include the Brisbane extension ? It. could bo *!ipt in, and would not shjw largely. The notary can borrow easily, aud on favour- able terms, say the deputatiou. This is t!w opportunity we have waited for to construct our lino. Tho payment of th« interest is not tho question-leave that to the future, solvent or insolvent but the facility of borrowing. The in- tention of past Governments was to borrow as much as possible for Brisbaio and make the rest of tim colony pay for her aggrandisement before they bad re- ceived their equivalent share. Let only Mr. LILLEY bo true to tho great exemplars set before him, a id all will he well with him and with Brisbane. Wo find that the PitEWinn "deeply sympa- thised with the object sought to b *. ob- tained," and ho believed that " indi- vidually, every member of the Govern- ment was favourable tn it." Ile could not, however, »tate explicitly the intan tions of the Government, but they were now going through the public finances, and "if they saw their way to submit a " proposition on the subject, it would in " all probability be done." Which, in plain language, means, if wo can get tl»o largo loan passed by the Parliament, you can have the money for completing tho line. It appears, thou, pretty certain, that tho Government will ask tho Parliameni for a large sum, probably £1,000 ODD, and that a portion of this will be voted for the Brisbane extension. In order to induce the northern members to swallow the bitter pill, it will be sweetened with " an extension to tho Dawson." There is too much reason to apprehend that (he samo shameless log-rolling which was practised between the ll E nu Eur Government and Messrs. SANDEMAN and Co. in initiating the railway system, will he again euccessfuify repi- ated, unless the northern con tituencies de- clare themselves emphatically against Bush eo'-fiption. We have no fears fur the line of action both Mr. Ancirun and Mr. PALM Kit will taite. But Mr. DE SATGK, Mr. SANIIEMAN, Mr. Horus, and Mr. LAMU will again join in the nefarious plot. Tho people of Rock- hampton and of this district, though they fully recognise the great advantage of an extension to the Dawson, have no desire to purchase it ut a ruinous cost. Our word now is, no further loan for any purpose, except lo take up the Treasury Bills and to complete public works already sanctioned by Parliament. The Government went in pledged to re- trenchment and economy. Is Mr. Ln.i.Er going to outdo IIIÎIUIERT or MACAHSTEK iu the race of extravagant expenditure? Tho people of Rock- hampton protested before against the railway loan, and (hey are prepaied now to protest ag.iin-t a repetition of the 6 A'iudle. 