PUBLIC LECTURE. On Thursday evening, the 18th instant, a lecture was delivered in the Congregational Chapel, Kapunda, in connection with the closing of the session of the Bible Class (meeting there), by the Rev. Mr. Scales, on "Daniel Defoe: his Life and Times." The chapel -was nicely deco rated with green boughs and flowers on the occasion, and there was a crowded attendance. Mr. John Small having been voted to the chair, the proceedings were opened with singing and prayer; after which the Chairman congratulated the meeting on the agreeable change in the weather, which enabled them to assemble with so much comfort. He regretted that their old friend Mr. Lewis was not present to take the chair; but he was absent on his Parliamentary duties, and therefore he complied with the wish of their rev. pastor in taking the chair, though personally he would have preferred any other seat in the chapeL He then congratulated the members of the Bible Class on their continued study of the Word of God—a book which would prove a solace and a guide for the sorrows and trials of time, and fit them ultimately for a happy eternity. He then called on the President of the Class, The Rev. M. Williams, who said it was usual to present a brief report on sjich occasions as the present. They had had several classes, but this particular class had been established about four years. Of course there had been some changes in its personnel, but most of those who joined it at the commencement were still members. The number kept about the same, viz.—from thirty j to forty, -with an average attendance of from twenty to twenty-five, and occasionally thirty. Having stated the course of study pursued by the class, he remarked that they had just concluded that of the journeyings of tie Children of Israel. Of the class itself he could give a most favourable account for attention and decorum of conduct. If they asked him for results, he could only say that he hoped some day these would be apparent. The class had a history, and he trusted it would have a future. When their three months' recess had expired he hoped they would meet to resume their studies. He also hoped that the class would be a means of good to all its members. Another hymn having been sung, the Chair man introduced the lecturer, The Rev. Mr. Scales, who said he had chosen as the subject of remarks the " Life and Times of Defoe," because 'whilst all were acquainted with his chief work—"Robinson Crusoe"—there were but few who knew anything of his suffering life and heroic struggles. Bad he dose nothing else but write that book which had charmed people in all ages, they would be ready to pay him the tribute which was his due; but he was no mere literary recluse, he was mixed up in all the great political and social questions of his day. At the time he wrote that work on which his fame chiefly rested he was near sixty years of . age—an old man battered by many political per secutions; and they might well imagine the gentleness of the heart which under such circum stances could produce a work the perusal of which would lead persons to imagine it had been written tinder circumstances of ease and comfort, instead of by a person who was then on the borders of the grave. Daniel Defoe was born in 1661\. His father's name was Foe, as of course was his at first, but he ventured to change it, despite the ridicule which usually meets such procedure; and if he had done nothing else but add these two letters to his name, he might have deserved that ridicule. But he had done more— he had made himself a name, and as Daniel Defoe would be known to the end of time. Defoe's father was a butcher—a man of 6ome substance, and an Independent, at that time a not very popular denomination, as Oliver Cromwell had belonged to it, whereas the Stuart family had now been restored to the throne. But the butcher of Cripplegate was a man of too stern temperament to let such considerations influence him. Young Defoe was privileged in having an excellent tutor (Dr. Annesley, the grandfather of John Wesley), to whose teaching Defoe at- tributed his acquirement of the clear style by which his writings were characterized. Brought op in such a house Daniel would soon learn to hate persecution—hearing of it from the per secuted ministers who would be his lather's guests; for at that time Nonconformists who preached in conventicles were subjected to such fines as utterly mined them, or in default of pay ment, perhaps died in prisoa Tales of perse cution burned themselves indelibly on the hearts of generous lads; and it was a proof of the heroism of the boy that, despite his knowledge, he desired to be a Nonconformist minister—an intention which, however, was not carried out, though it spoke well for him that he desired to be such, knowing that Nonconformist ministers were liable to a fine and imprisonment on the first occasion of preaching, and to transportation on the third occasion. At the time Defoe was ap prenticed London was in a ferment about the Popish plot, and he would hear much of Oates and others of that class who were called forth by the liberal rewards accorded to any one who would fabricate something vile of a Jesuit priest or a Roman Catholic nobleman. Alarmed by these events the persecution of the Dis senters was stopped, and the bishops called the Nonconformist ministers into conference, wishing to unite. This, however, was only a temporary lull until Charles dissolved the anti Popery Parliament. When the aged Lord Stafford died on the scaffold the people woke from their hideous dream, and Charles took ad vantage thereof to dissolve his Parliament and reign absolute. His brother James was entrusted with the care of Scotland, and then it was that the Scotch Covenanters were so brutally perse cuted. The vile informers now turned round and became Court witnesses; and as their evidence' had sufficed to bring Charles's friends to the scaffold, no wonder that it now served to bring his enemies thither. So Russell and Sydney were brought to the scaffold, and the Merry Monarch was master until death put an end to his merriment. What a Sabbath was that which was his last upon earth—spent in gambling amongst his courtezans, who meanwhile sang' lewd French songs to him! On the following Sabbath all that was left of the Merry Monarch was a loathsome bloated corpse—as loathsome as his memory had since become. Then James came to the throne, and was most obsequiously treated as the Lord's annointed. The perse cutions against the Nonconformists were renewed, and with a King like James and a Judge like Jeffreys, the Puritans had very hard times of it. In May James's first Parliament was assembled, - and in June came the news of the landing of Monmouth, who was regarded by many as the rightful heir to the throne and as the bulwark of Protestantism. Defoe, with many other London! youths, went to join his army, and after its defeat had to keep out of the way for three or ; four years. At the time of his return James was pretending to encourage religious liberty, for the : purpose of himself obtaining a more absolute power than he possessed. At this time Defoe wrote strongly, advising the Dissenters to unite with the Episcopal Church for the purpose of repelling Popeiy. However, James's reign soon came to an end; and when William of Orange landed Defoe was one of those who received him at G-uildhalL Shortly after this Defoe failed in business for £22,000, and ultimately compounded with his creditors hy payment of £5,000—not a very large dividend, but quite equal to many of the present day; and to his praise be it said, that in after years of the £17,000 balance he paid £12,000, though there was no claim on him to do so. Whilst the arrangement was being made with his creditors, he wrote his first" work—an " Essay on Projects"—aveiy valuable work. He advocated the establishment of ladies' colleges, being a warm admirer of cultivated female intellect. After his return to London he was appointed to a minor Government- office, and during that time wrote so ■earnestly, without consideration to party, as to of fend many of the Dissenters. At this time no person could hold office -without occasional con formity by partaking of the Sacrament in the ' Church: a concession, in favour of which John Howe had written. Defoe got into a lengthy discussion on the subject, strongly opposing the plan; and he so for got the better of Howe as to lead him to write very bitterly against Defoe. Defoe was a Whig; but greatly offended his party by writing strongly in favour of the maintenance of a standing army as the surest method of pre serving peace. Defoe held King William in great esteem; but when he thought he was wrong he did not scruple to condemn him—as for example with respect to his undue eagerness for war with France. Defoe was black sheep of the day—of fending all parties and acknowledged by none. A ciy was got up against King William as being a foreigner, when Defoe brought out a brilliant satirical work entitled " The true born English man," in which he showed that the true English man was a man of very mongrel breed. This work brought him into the King's notice. He was invited to the palace, and ever after had his master's esteem. Shortly after this the Parlia ment fell to quarrelling amongst themselves and with the King ; and-the freeholders of Kent sent up a deputation to remonstrate against this state of things. Parliaments then asj now were very jealous of their privileges; this was construed into a breach of privilege, and the deputation were thrown into prison. Next day as the Speaker was proceeding to the House he was stopped by a body of men who would not allow him to proceed until he promised to read in the ' House a paper they gave him. When this paper was read it was as though a bombshell had been thrown into the midst of their members— frightening them away. It stated that 200,000 true born Englishmen had declared no longer to permit such injustice to be perpetrated, and held out many threats. This turned out to be a hoax of Defoe's. Next year King William died, to the great joy of the Tory party; and the weak minded Anne ascended the throne. William had been a Presbyterian, and was as little likely to believe in the Divine rights of bishops as of sovereigns. Queen Anne was of exactly the op posite conviction, and the wickedness of schism and evils of dissent soon became the subject of pulpit teaching. Occasional comformity was also sought to be disallowed by the Parliament. Defoe who had formerly written against this, now wrote in favour of it in his pure ironical style, in the tract entitled " a short way to deal with dis senters," which was at first regarded as support ing the Parliamentary view. When it waa found to be the reverse a reward was offered for the ap prehension of the writer—the tract having been denounced as a libel by the Parliament. Defoe gave himself up, and was pilloried and imprisoned during the Queen's pleasure. During his im prisonment he commenced a periodical called the Review—the first paper of the kind pub lished. At first it appeared weekly, but was subsequently published three times a week. He was imprisoned for eighteen months. When Harley was Prime Minister he remembered Defoej and ultimately released him. Queen Anne, saying that she thought he had been liberated long before, contributed to his support, and after wards employed him in some secret but honour able capacity. At this time he perpetrated,'a hoax, which might almost be excused for jiite cleverness and good intentions. A friend of Ms had a large stock of a book he had published bat could not disposeof, and summoned Defoe toEs aid. Defoe shortly after published an account of a visit paid to a Mrs. Bargrave by the \- ghost of an exciseman's widow, and of her con-j versation, which was not very ghostly, but had re- spect to silk dresses and old china. Incidentally she mentioned the work in question—"Drelin-; court on Death"—as one of the best books on; divinity that had been written. Of course a ghost must be a better judge of such matters! than any living professor; hence there was a run: on the book, which was at ouce appreciated, had; been frequently published since, and was doubt- j less Btill publishing. Defoe had the talent of imparting an air of reality to all he- wrote—a remarkable proof of which was to be found ini Boswell's " Life of Johnson." Boswell inclined to a belief in ghosts; Johnson did not. Boswell cited several cases, which Johnson easily set aside. At length he quoted this case, saying he must believe that. "Oh," said Johnson, "Mrs. Bar grave confessed on her deathbed that the story was purely one of her own invention." Now the fact was, Mrs. Bargrave was a Diyth herself, so that Johnson must have invented this story as the only means of throwing over board the instance in question. The union of Scotland and England into one kingdom took place iii Queen Anne's reign, and Defoe was em ployed as Secretary to the Commission which visited Scotland, and wrote a very good history of the Union. Soon after this he again became involved in political intrigues, and wrote three tracts, apparently in favour of the Pretender, and was imprisoned therefor; during which imprison ment, the Review was finally discontinued. He caine out of prison with impaired health, and ruined fortune, and at that time wrote what they possessed of his memoirs. George I. then came to the throne, and Defoe was utterly neglected. Had he died at that time his name would now have been almost forgotten, except as that of a clever writer, whom the great men of the day made a jest of. He was scornfully mentioned by Pope, by Gay, and by Swift; but his subsequent writings would be known longer than some of theirs.i In 1715 he began a new class of works, the first! of which—"The Family Instructor," published anonymously, waa greatly praised, even from the episcopal pulpits. In 1719 he wrote his great work, Robinson Crusoe, for which at first he had great difficulty in finding a publisher, but directly it was published, it took the high place in the public esteem it had ever since maintained. It was a book which every boy had **ead—or at all event* should read—teaching as it did such habits of self-reliance, it had since been re printed into almost every language, and was everywhere a favourite. Next he wrote a history of the Plague, and the "Adventures of an I English Officer," and later still an " Itinerary of ! journeys through England." He had written \ some works of a very low standard, but these were written not to create a sympathy with, but an aversion for, the vices they described. In the closing scenes of his life he again met with some •ad reverses, and in his last letter, written a few months before his death, he was greatly troubled by the ingratitude of one of his sons. His con fidence in God was firm, and he expressed his hope that his last words might be Te Dmm Laudatnu*. He died in April, 1731, and was buried in Burnhill Field's burying ground, where so much precious Nonconformist dust was to be found. The lecturer in conclusion spoke highly of the general tenor of Defoe's character, though doubtless he had committed some errors. The lecturer was warmly applauded at the close of his lecture, of which the above is a brief outline. A hearty vote of thanks were accorded him on the motion of Mr. J. A. Bruce, seconded by Mr. C. Green. Votes of thanks were also accorded to the Chairman, and to those who had decorated the fhtifl 1 ! CORRESPONDENCE. 