CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. THE DIOCESE OF GOULBTJRN. The following is the address delivered by the Bishop ot Goulb-uro en tbe opening of the Synod of that diocese, on the 6th instant : — ' Mj Reverend Brethren the Clergy, and uiy Breth ren tlie Laiiy,— In the last session a general feeling prevailed, and even a resolution was moved, that the Synod be not summoned until 1870. The recent con ftrence, however, of Australian bishops, and their published minutes, have demanded a different arrange ir.ent. I have according convened the present Synod, chiefly for the purpose of submitting the episcopal propositions, for an expression of our opinion before the session of the Provincial Svnod. Tne following axe the subjects : — 1. The mode of appointing bishops for the Australian dioceses, 2. The constitution of a general Synod for the entire province of Australia, 3\. The establishment ia Australia of a general tribu nal for the Church in the said province. 4. The formation in England, of a council of reference for the whole colonial Church within the British Empire. 5\. The establishment in Australia of a tribunal for the trial of bishops. ' 1. The mode in which bishops should be appointed for the Australian dioceses. 'The existing mode o{ appointing Dishops in the Church in England is well known. The Crown, acting in concert with the heads of the Church, exercises the light of appointing bishops and commanding the con secration. And, since we are a part of the Church of England, I see no reason why the Cmirch. of England iu New South Wales should desire to depart frsm. such an arrangement, or to deprive the Crswnof this prerogative of its supremacy, when we can retain the j advantage of it. ' Originally bishops were chosen by the clergy and people. But in process of time, when their numbers increased, this was found inconvenient, because tumults were raised and murder committed ia the excitement of a popular election. Tbxee hundred per sons were lulled in one such election. To prevent the repetition of so great a crime and scandal, the Chris tian emperors became responsible for the appoint? B-nts ; and this method has continued in the Cnurch ot England to the present time. ' With regard to the subject of the division of dioceses in England, the course pursued in the forma ticn of the last new diocese — that of Manchester — ? clearly chows that the Crown and the Legislature are required to act together in such cases. 'In January, 1S47, the Crown by letters patent con stituted the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, and others, a special commission for con sidtiing the state of the several bishoprics in England and Wales. Mr. C. K. Murray, late of Sydney, was sppeinted secretary. In April, the commissioners presented their report to her Mejesty, proposing the re- distribution of the dioceses of St. Asaph, Bangor, and Chester, and tire founding of the new bishopric of Manchester — the suggested territorial limits of which were set forth. But within the United Kingdom the re-arrangement of the dioceees can only be effected by an Act of Parliament, and without this re-arrangement no new diocese could be formed. Accordingly an Act was passed in July to carry into effect tbe recom mendations of the special commissioners. And in August an Order in Council recited the recom mendations of the ecclesiastical commissioners for England (to whom the matter had then been referred), and ' humbly laid before her Majesty a scheme for founding and endowing the Bishopric of Man chester * * upon and from the 1st September, 1847.* The commissioners ' further proposed that a certain territory* should be made and be constituted, and become from the 1st September (following), and for ever thereafter to be called and known by the name of the dicceee of Manchester.' Whereupon ' her Majesty in council approved of the said scheme, ratifying the I same, and ordering and directing that the same and every part thereof should be effectual law, immedi ately from and after the time when this order should have been duly published in the London Gazette,' and thus by the authority of the Crown, under the sanction of Parliament, the diocese wbb created. In October the first bishop of that see was appointed by the Crown, and by virtue of the letters, patent which he then received,' he obtained the power of exercising jurisdiction in accordance with the Acts of Parliament in that behalf provided. ' Thus it is evident, from the legal documents which have been quoted, that her Majesty, as Sovereign of the realm and supreme governor of the Cburch, was the acknowledged authority for the whole proceed ing. It was by her Majesty's letters patent that the first step was taken ; and it was by her Majesty's Order in Council that the bishopric was really founded, and a territory assigned to the bishop as h\s diocese. In this case, as in all others in England, 'jurisdiction wa6 not conferred by the Crown through letters patent alone, but was obtained by the laws which were in force, giving effect to the letters patent of the Crown.' The Bishops, therefore, of Sydney, Adelaide, Melbourne, Newcastle, Brisbane, Goulburn, and Tasmania, in conference, wisely agreed, in November last, in the opinion that, as long E6 it iB practicable, letters patent assigning to the bishep a territorial sphere of action should continue to be issued. 'And with regard to New South Wales, eo long as the Crown is willing to exercise the prerogative cf appointing our bishops and issuing maudaies for their consecration, and also to continue the course heretofore pursued in the division of dioceses, for my own part I should be disposed to refuse my sanction to any proceedings which pointed to a different arrangement. 'It is true that there are some, iu positions of eminence, who have assumed that, by the decision of the judicial committee of the Privy Council, the Crown has been pronounced incompetent to exercise the prerogative of its supremacy in the appointment of colonial bishops. This is an assumption which I cannot eccrpt, because a competent Law Court— I mean the Bolls Court of Chancery— has pronounced a judicial opinion entirely at variance with such as sumption. And it is our wisdom to respect this ex position of the decision of the Privy Council, so long as it remainB undisturbed by the judicial committee itself. Officers of the Government may neglect, but they cannot nullify, such an authoritative interpre tation of the law. 'Nevertheless, in the event of the existing mode of appointing bishops and dividing dioceses in the colonies being abandoned, or. being pronouaced by competent authority to be impracticable, bnt only in that contingency, it might be wise to devise means for future arrangements. AVith tbis view, the con ference of the seven bishops express an opinion that, saving the rights of the Crown, it would be desirable in the event above supposed, to make arrangements through the organisation of the diocesan synods for the selection and appointment of bishops and fi-r the formation of new dioceses. «' You will be requested to give your assent to a pro position that the subject be referred to the provincial synod, in the terms in which it is expressed in tbe epiicopal minute. ' 2. The second topic for our consideration is the constitution df a general synod for the entire province of Australia. ?' Some misapprehension exists on the question of provincial synods, their limits, their power*, and their relation to' diocesan synods. We, of tbis diocese, have bVen blamed for Bdopting the phrase ' Provin cial Sy^od of New South Wales,' which wi first I i employed in our diocesan conference. We had been looking forward to the time when there would be a metropolitan bishop and a province in each colony, aud therefore suggested the limitation of our own provincial synod, which was to be formed under the constitutions, to the colony of N„'w South Wales. These constitutions were not framed with any refe rence to diocese's in other colonies. And we shall have in our existing laws and regulations, and in our dii cesan and provincial synods in the colony, all that we require for the management and good government of 'he Church in New South Wales. In this respect, and so far as we are concerned ourselves, there is no need of reference to the Church in other colonies. We wish to be united with the Church at home, and that is sufficient for our own purposes. 'But forthe preservation of unity among the several branches of the colonial Church, it has been considered necessary to suggest measures which would huve this object in view. The conference, therefore, express an opinion that it might be desirable to constitute a general synod, which should conBist of the bishops and representatives of the Church in the several colonies, that is to say — in this colony, of represents , tives from the provincial synod. The object of sufch s;nod would be — first, to maintain the relation of the Church of England in Australia, to the Church at home and in the various colonies (that relation being under stood to be one of identity of doctrine and worship, and of subjection to the law of the Euglish Church, so far es it is applicable to a Church not established by law), and also to secure unity of discipline between the several branches of the Church in Australia ; to frame regulations on any matters affectiug the well being of the Church in the province of Australia, such regulations to take effect in the several dioceses pro vided they be not disallowed by either clergy or laity of the diocean synod in the session during which they have been communicated to Buch synod. Among other functions, the general synod would be author ised to form a metropolitan court of appeal ; to frame rules for the formation of new dioceses and provinces, and for the confirmation and consecration of newly elected bishops ; to communicate with the authorities of the Church at heme and in the various colonies ; and to promote general intercommunion between the reformed Episcopal Churches. ?'If such a general synod be eventually formed, it would perhaps be necessary for this synod now to provide that any regulations which might be framed therein should not be binding upon the diocese until they had been formally adopted by the synod itself. ' 3. The third proposition submitted to us by the seven bishops has reference to the establishment in Australia of a general tribunal for the Church In the province of Australia. ' If tribunals be formed in the several dioceses, it might become necessary to constitute in Australia a tribunal to which an appeal in any case involving question of faith or worship might be carried from the decision of any diocesan tribunal, or of any bishop. But it must be borne in mind that such tribunals, whether diocesan or general, would not be courts of law, and therefore would not finally dispose of legal questions ; because they could not debar a clergyman at any stage of the proceedings from the right of appeal which he may at present possess, through the Supreme Court of the colony, to the ultimate decision of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. ' There is room for inquiry, therefore, whether a machinery, having no validity of law for its constitu tion or decisions, might not after all encourage litiga tion ; and whether it might not fail to give satisfaction: There may be many who might prefer to rest upon tbe decisions of recognised courts of law, and ot Judges who were lees likely to be mixed up -with theological disputes. Nevertheless, if there be dioceses which desire such an arrangement, it may be our duty to avoid placing obstacles in their way. ' 4. Tlie formation, in England, of a council of re f Tence for the whole colonial Church within the British empire, iB our fourth topic. ?'Now, it must be evident that, if a general tribunal be eventually established in connection with the Church in each cluster of the dependencies of the British Crown, for example, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, the Canadian Dominion, &c.;, great perplexities might arise if these several tribunals should arrive at different decisions upon the same questions of doctrine and discipline. To prevent such an anomaly, the episcopal conference states that it would be desirable that there should be in England, 1 presume 'by the sanction of Parliament or some com petent'autbority, a council of reference for the settle ment of all questions upon which such various decisions might have been declared by the several colonial tribunals, and for the preservation of the unity of tbe whole ChuTCh ; and that the decision of the council of reference should be binding upon all the general and diocesan tribunals, unless a judgment at variance with it should be pronounced by some court ecclesiastical in England. ' 5. The minutes of the conference further recom mend that the general synod should be authorised to constitute a tribunal for the trial of charges against a bit ho o. ?? I imagine that npon -this question no variety of opinion will be found, and that all the members of ttie synod will agree to recommend that tbis minute be a* subject of joint reference to the provincial synod. ' An important inquiry has been raised whether the constitutions under which we are convened, and autho rised to deliberate, are legalised by, or receive legal sanction from, the Synod Act. In the first clause it is expressly enacted that ' for all purposes connected with, or in any way relating to, the property of the Church, the constitutions, and rules, and ordinances to be made under or by virtue or in pursuance thereof shall be binding upon the memoera of the said Church — and 1 have carefully examined the several constitutions, and cannot discover anything which does not in some form and degree resolve itself ultimately into a question which has relation to property. ' The regulation of the affairs of the Church, the election of churchwardens and trustees, holding of trusts, the granting or withdrawing licenses from clergymen, the trial of offences by clergymen, are all intimately related to the question of property. And I cannot conceive of any colonial or imperial Act which could be expected to grant us power or autho rity iot any otherpurpofe whatever. If property were not involved we should not have needed an Act of Parliament — and because the idea of property rung so minutely into every question connected with disci pline and the management of our affairs, and with the tenure of office by the licensed clergy, therefore t'ae power of the Act seems to me to be interwoven into the very texture of the constitutions, and to give them all the legal forc6 which is necessary. , ' Before concluding, I would express my regret to [ the Synod for having been obliged to occupy their time and attention eo much in the discussion of topics which have only a remote bearing upon the practical work of the diocese. It would have been more agreeable to my wishes and . feelings to have considered the wants of tbe diocese itself, with re fetence to the sustentation oi the clergy, and the need of more extended support to our Cburch Society to enable it to aid in filling up their nutn [ bers when vacancies occur, -and in erecting the re quired churches and parsonages throughout tbe I diocese. | ' We meet on a day (Ascension) when our Church i jo; fully commemorates the triumphant close of our Lord's earthly ministry. Seeing tnen, that we have ! a great High Priest, who is passed into the heavens, i [ let us hold fast our profession ; and let us come boldly unto the throne of grace, and implore the King of .Glory to' send to us His Holy Ghost to comfort and bless us in our own souIb, that we may walk in pureness of living and truth ; to guide us with bis counsel in these our deliberations, Hnd in all our works, and in the end to exalt us unto tl.e same place whither our Saviour Christ is gone before.' 