KENT TOWN WE3LEYAN JUBILEE CHURCH. As had been announced for some time, Friday, September 10, was decided upon as the first day for special services in connection with the anni versary and reopening of Kent Town Weslevan i-uiucu. i.ue presence iu iau aev. it iu. xajiui, the Californian Kvangelist, in these colonies led to his being invited to take a prominent pait in the ! proceeding?, the circumstance cf his having officiated on the occasion of the opening services when he was here four years ago rendering this step peculiarly appropriate. Mr. Taylor accepted the invitation, as we have some time ago in tiatated: but as hU encasements precluded a lengthened stay, i1 was arranged that he should pay a flyinK visit to Adelaide, and revisit the colony next year. Mr. Taylor left Melbourne i on Tuesday afternoon by the Claud Hamilton. -d reaching Port Phillip Heads the vessel had to le to till Wednesday morning. Only 4J knots an hour were male till Cape Otway was reached. | against strong head winds and tide. The rest of j the passage was made at a fair average rate of speed, and the vessel was Bipnalled in Ade aide a little before midday on Friday. t was feared that Mr. Taylor could hardly and in time to be present at the appointed hour for commencing the reopening seivices— 3 o'clock. This anticipation proved true. Shortly after that hour a large congregation— a great pro portion of it composed of ladies— testified the general interest that was felt in the pro ceedings. On the platform were the Kevs. v. L. B:nks (President of the Conference), J. Lloyd, R. S. Caeely, J. Lyall (Presbyterian), and J. L. Parsons (Baptist). Smsin? and prayer were engaged in till Mr. Taylor's arrival at half past 4, that gentleman having landed at the Sema phore, and been driven to the church without delay. Mr. Taylor, after receiving a hearty welcome rom the assembled ministers, preached from Luke si. 13-' If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Heaven'y Father «ive the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him.' He remarked that next to the gift of the Son was that of the lloly Ghost God could give no greater gift than IJis Son, and people talKed a jiood deal about this, -ut not so much of the gift of the Holy Spirit. He was God's sift, to minister mercy to the soul, and_ as real a personality as the other Persons com posing the Triune Jehovah, and enabled siuutrs to submit themselves to God, and receive His pardon. The resurrection of the body was His work. In one town in South Africa where he preached, a revival cook place, and in a short time he had the satisfaction of witnessing the conversion of 1.200 persons, who in turn assisted in the task of spreading the glad tidings of salvation, and inviting others to share in that b-iptisiu of the Spirit. What was greatly needed was the hearty and unanimous concurrence of the Church. In the building in which they were assembled they did not want grand preaching or grand collections, but the salvation of souls. He asked all present if. when crossed in business or the ordinary ntlairs of ife, they maintained that nicely-poised adjustment between God and man which was required from all true Christians, lie advised them to lay their little griefs and crosses on God, and teach them selves a lesson of thorough self- abnegation. )uring the period he had been in New South Wales— three and a half mouths -he had laboured in 31 places, and had had the pleasure of seeing his efforts crowned with success. He then re marked that on looking round the structure in which they were gathered he eaw that they must have worked hard and subscribed liberally ia adding the commodious and tufty transept and other improvements in the church. In the evening the spacious building was crowded to excess. Mr. Taylor chose as his test Romans, 3rd chap.j 23th verse—' Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law.' With regard to justification, he said the simple scriptural definition of the term was 'a judicial decision of acquittal.' Abraham was ustifbd by faith when he was about to oiler up his son Isaac If be had not had a tenacious, well developed, and trusting faith, which was adequate to the emergency, he would not have been justi fied, but condemned in the sore trial to which he was subjected. For his own part he lived by faith. lie did not come to them with any recommenda tion of self-righteousness or auy other kind of righteousness. He reviewed several of the command ments, explaining their meaning and object, and warned his hearers to guard against an infringe ment of them. This law entailed a perpetual obligation, and was perfectly reasonable, lie defined the act of faith to be 'receiving Christ,' which was true according to God's own showing. He objected to the ordinary definitions of faith, as being too involved. He preferred such a definition m could be understood by a child. Faith was adequate, but not coercive. There «as no faith without repentance, which wa3 the awakeninc to a sense of sin. What was required was sub mission with repentance, and a hearty concurrence with the will of God. He was justified 28 years ago, and felt a deep interest in ail obtaming pardon. A prayer meeting, which was largely attended, was conducted at the close of the service by Mr. Taylor. The two collections realized in the aggregate £21 IU. 3d. This evening Mr. Taylor will lecture in the Town Hall on 'Christian Adventures iu S;-uth Africa;' the lion. J. Colton to preside; and on Monday a tea and public meeting in connection with the anniversary and reopening services will be held in ilie Kent Town Church. Mr. Taylor will sail for Melbourne by the Claud Hamilton on Tuesday next. Ken'ealey the Femak in SouTti Australia. —By the steamer Claud Hamilton there arnvtd the pardoned Fenian whose presence in Melbourne has created some amount of attention lately. A sergeant cf the police fence boarded the vessel in the roads to caution the master against any breach uf the Convicts Prevention Act, and there was iiuite a sensation on the arrival of the steamer at the wharf. The individual in question, whose name appeared in the passage-libt as Sullivan, ad mitted to the sergeant that he was Kcnealey, and stated that it was his intention to piocced to King George's bound by the mail steamer on Monday, In the meantime, he is not allowed to land from the Claud Hamilton. Theatre Eotal.— On Friday night Mr. Mont gomery had a very respectable benefit, the House being well filled in all part?. The programme was arranged bo as to form an epitome of the season, with a few novelties interspersed. The first part comprised acts from seven distinct plays —namely, 'King John,*' 'The Merchant of Venice,' 'Romeo and Juliet,'' 'Henry IV.,' 'Hamlet,' 'Julius Osar.' and 'Antony and Cleopatra.' In the afterpiece Mr. Montgomery introduced liis Captain Frank Ilamboozle for the first tirne-a smart comedy rule— which he ren dered with more finish than it generally receives, but also with less verve. He was called before the curtain at ttie close of each part.and the second time, being pressed for a speech he expressed his thanks to the following effect:— Ladies and Gentlemen— You will agree thai after my efforts to-night I can not be expected to say much more; but I will briefly return you my most cordial thanks for all your goodness to me. To-morrow night is the last upon which I can possibly appear before you for Binoe time to come, as I have to go to Ballarat to fulfil an engagement. Again, 1 thank you most heartily, and 1 say again, as I always will gay, that Adelaide has been the kindest, most agreeable, and most generous place I have visited.' (Applause ) To night the season will close with 'Louis XL,' one of Mr. Montgomery's newest and most interesting characters. Colosel Hamlet asd the 50th Regiment.— We have seen letters from our late Acting Governor, Lient.-Colonel Hamley, to different f i iends here, from which we gather that the voyage home by the Himalaya was of the most agreeable description, and very quick— 'only sixty days actually at sea, and fifteen in one or another harbour.' They ' all got on so well together, not an angry word from first to last -an uncommon thing at sea, and there were sixty in the mess.' Writing from Devenport, he says:— 'I never met a body of officers so like one family as the ' Q aeen's Own.' Almost all the Australian officers have pone on home, and we have the depot officers doing their duty. I go to town for a fortnight on the 1st of July, and I intend to get a long leave from the 1st of October to the end of January, which will give me all the shooting I care for, us I shall also have the first fortnight of September, which does not count as leave. Clarke, who started for Scotland yesterday, is to get me a breach-loader from Henry, of Edinburgh, and 1 shall keep my old gun as a muzzle-loader. 1 shall not forget to let you know if my powder is straight in September, and what my bag is. If this weather continues, birds will be plentiful and strong. I picked up a very fine horse here a few days since, well up to my weight— a handsome dark chesuut, with white Btar on forehead. Horses arc not so cheap here A3 at the antipodes, and I should not be sorry to have my grey with me again,'— 'I had a paper from New Zealand by the last mail, from a paragraph in which I see that a Club called 'The Auckland Hamley Gun Club' had been formed by my brother. Nothing like following a good example. I hope to get an account of the first meeting next mail.'— 'I hear the salmon and trout fishing is very good in the neighbourhood. 1 am getting all my tackle put to rights, and shall try my skill when I return to London.'— 'I can hardly realize being at home again after so long an absence. I see such a change in the healthy looks of all— the beautiful green of the fields and the difference in the markets. I confess we have to pay considerably higher in the atter than in those Qf Australia; but salmon and lamb are just in season, and there are such vegetables and fruit a3 make[one's mouth water.'— 'Turner and Owen are gone to North Wales, where they will get some trout tuning.' In a letter dated London, July 2, the Colonel Bays:— ' We arrived here on the 3Uth ultimo, and I have eave till tha 14th instant, which I must divide between Town, Cheltenham, and Cornwa'l. We are to have a South Australian dinner on Monday or Tuesday. Mr. Dutton, Mr. Arthur BIyth. Chief Justice Hanson, and any others we hear of from the antipodes.'—' I was very sorry to hear of the Dean's death, which was very sudden soon after his arrival.'— ' London ia crowded-such a din going through the streets. I feel quite nervous in crossing them. 1 saw one man run over yester day.'— 'I hope to hear something of the Gun Club by the next mail. I need scarcely tell you I shall always take an interest in it, and shall eagerly look out for tho winners of cweepst&kes.;' Referring to one of the members, whose name may be readily guessed, lie says:— 'I used to admire the manner he shot his birds, always giving them a fair chance, as a thorough sportsman should always do, and scarcely ever letting one escape.1 Each letter contains kind messages to the members of the Hamley Gun Club. The Bbightos Tows Hall.— The Brighton Town Hall, the laying of the foundation-stone of which we reported a few months ago, is in such a state of forwardness that its formal opening will probably take place ;n the course of a few days. The internal embellishments and fittings are nearly all completed, and. the plasterers are at work outside. The structure is neatly executed, and is a prominent object in the township to the inhabi tants, of which it will no doubt form a great boon in the way of entertainments and public meetings and for the dispatch of local business. -IPJqsephi-'U.— We are glad to call the attention ff our lady readers to a great improve ment in this celebrated Kid Glove. We under stand the original inventors have made arrange ments to manufacture it in a class of Kid leather ! superior to any hitherto used, and they have taken the opportunity of having a complete set of \'.y cutting machines made, so th^t the clove will be a little fonger-a. want always felt in this article. A prmen will be found stamped in one glove, to dis tinguish it from all other Josephines, and the well known 'F.P.C.' trad.? mark w th? other.- Court vVfUfar, U S«3 