EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE! INAUGURA- TOBY MEETINGS. first meeting in connection with the recently formed among Evangelical Uiurches of the colony took place on Monday, U. A meetmg for prayer was held at halfpast 9 in the morning at the Presbyterian Church, *hnders^street, K S m T f o " at which S f t there a f was f i a d small atten- — „ v, wuuuuteu ine service. Prayers were offered by the Rev. J. G. Millard, H. E. Mernman, F. W.Cox, and Mr. W. K. Thomas, in which the Divine blessing was supplicated upon the union. Portions of Scripture were read and nymns appropriate to the occasion sung At the evening public meeting in the Piriestreet Lecture Hall there was a large attendance, every seat being occupied, and some still having to stand. The Rev. James Lyall, President of the Alliance, occupied the chair. There were on the ST-?" 5 * the Revs. J. Jefferis, J. G. Millard, D. J. H. Ibbetson, J. Price, S. Mead, J. L. Parsons. K. Drummond, G. W.Patchell, W. L. Binks, J. Way, J. Henderson, J. G. Wright, M. H. Hodge, T. m ton, H. Cheetham, and H. E. Merriman. The proceedings commenced by the Rev. J. L. ParsoQB offering prayer, which was followed by singing and the reading a portion of Scripture. The PRESIDENT, in introducing the business of the evening, acknowledged the honour conferred upon him in his appointment as President of the South Australian Evangelical Alliance. He was sure there were others more competent to perform the duties of the position, but he could say that he would yield to no man in thorough attachment to the principles of the Alliance, and in willingness to labour to the extent of his ability in furtherance of its great object. (Applause.) The Association had originated in a desire among the Churches of Christ for a more thorough and more practical recognition of each other. Though they had laboured with diligence and zeal with greater or less success, it had been felt their object could be better accomplished by a fuller sympathy with each other in the way of urthering their interest in their common .Lord SO sooner was the desire expressed by one brother hat an organization of the kind should be formec han it was earnestly taken up, and little diffvuSf. ad been felt in bringing it to an issue. Wt - ifficulty had been felt in the organization, there ad been but one opinion as to the laudable chaacter of the desire in which it originated The nion of His people was an object very dear to the eart of their blessed Lord, who used the words, A new commandment give I unto you, that ye ove one another: as I have love': you, that ye lso love one another. By this shaii all men know hat ye are My disciples, n ye have love ne to another." And thev remembered how arnestly the Saviour prayed in that memoable prayer, . That they all may be one; as thou. ather, art in Me and I in Thee; that they also may be one in Us; that the world may believe that Thou hast sent Me." The religion of the Gospei was the religion of love. The advantages of brotherly love were manifest. They had an. whether as individuals or Churches, their duties attend to; and how often would they be cheered oy the feeling that others, though not closely associated with them, sympathized with them m their burdens, and were anxieus to help them on with their work. They were all one in regard to the great fundamental doctrines of the Trinity, redemption through Christ, and the regenerating, sanctifying work of the Holy Spirit If an enquirer went to any one of their Churches and asked " What must I do to be saved?" he was certain the answer given by one and all would be the same as Paul gave to the Philippian people —"Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou Bhalt be saved." (Hear, hear.) There were, no doubt, points upon whbh there was a difference of opinion among them; but these were matters of detail, such as Church ordering and the forms of religious ordinances. They were met that night to say that they regarded the fundamental doctrine on which they were all agreed as of infinitely greater importance than those on which they diff ered, and the object of the Association was to raise higher the great standard of the Cross, and sink a little lower the denominational stand-points as they had hitherto existed. The means which were to be adopted with that view would commend themselves to alL Nothing could be more suitable thaa that the ministers and members of their various Churches should meet together from time to tune in prayer to ask the Divine blessing upon each other, by the reviving of God's work in their own hearts, and the awakening of religious life. They hoped also to have intercommunion at the Lord s table, which was always intended to be a means of union. They meant also to lift up their testimony against prevailing errors. They had not defined in their constitution what those were, but would be guided by the indication of Divine Providence in the things against which they should protest. He thought he might, however, say that they would ever be found lifting up an emphatic protest against every system that would place the office of the priest between the sinner and the Saviour, and the authority of the Church above the authority of the written Word. (Applause.) An Association like this would be able to take effectual action in matters pertaining to their common Christianity. He referred to the invitation recently issued to the Churches to unite in imploring the Almighty that he would of His mercy send rain, and mentioned that the Committee had agreed to recommend a special day for thanksgivings. In regard to the basis of the Alliance, which he read, he regretted any Christian brother was prevented from joining them through its being too precise, and yet he could not but rejoice that it met the views of so many. To any who were still reluctant to join them, he would say they did not love them the less. The subscription on membership was a subject which had engaged their attention. They could not carry out an agency of the kind without funds, and one of the rules was that each member would be expected to contribute the sum of 2s. 6<L annually; but as there wore some good Christians who might feel even that small amount press heavily upon them, he was desired to announce that tbe subscription would be entirely voluntary. The Rev. JAMES JEFFERIS, LL.B., read the report of the preliminary proceedings as follows :— ' It has been deemed advisable, at this first public meeting in connection with the Evangelical Alliance, that some account should be given of the commencement of this Christian Union. "In the early part of August last a meeting of ministers of religion in and near Adelaide was held, for the purpose of considering the advisability of holding occasional meetings for united prayer and united communion. At that meeting the Rev. J. G. Millard suggested the idea of forming an Eyangelical Alliance. The suggestion was acted upon by calling another meeting of ministers by advertisement. This took place on August 9. Thirty-five were present, representing nine different religious bodies. A prolonged discussion took place as to the objects and organization of the proposed Alliance. Ultimately it was unanimously resolved that the Alliance be formed, and a Committee of nine was appointed to prepare a Draft Constitution. The Committee presented this on August 23\. Before considering it, with a view to adoption, it was deemed necessary to obtain the attendance of lay members of Evangelical Churches. Another meeting was accordingly summoned by advertisement on August 30, when the report of the Committee was given, and the Draft Constitution, which had been previously printed and distributed widely, was presented for consideration, modified and adopted. The only question that elicited strong difference of opinion was that referring to terms of membership. The Committee had recommended the following clause;—'That the persons who compose this Alliance shall be members of Evangelical Churches, or those who are. recommended by the minister of the congregation with which they statedly worship.' Many speakers opposed this as containing no definition of the word ' Evangelical,' and consequently rendering the whole basis of union, vague and insecure. By a large majority it was resolved to adopt the doctrinal basis of the Evangelical Alliance of England in its entirety. It is a matter of regret that the adoption of this induced tbe withdrawal of some who bad been among the most earnest advocates of the movement. It should be remembered, however. by these and by others who as yet have not joined the Alliance from the ^ m e T ^ u ^ i t distinctly expressed in the clause concerning membership) that the doctrinal basis is not to be re? .u S u a creed or confession, and that the Jf 0r(ls hold and maintain' do not refer simply to the li? 13 of , doctrine stated, but to 'what are usually understoodto be evangelical views in t f l ese -. - There are undoubtedly many <^™!!J anoainerent opinions entertained concerning the a i <Joctnpes of Christianity that are not c °?® 1 „i ere l l, mc<?ns i st l nfc , WIth term Evan- A the £f o '°« le I the Reformed " la ?ed of late, so as to ^^J 110 " 5 SC0 P e t0 the , freedom ef conscience f? d the sense of personal responsibility, which in * he8e Pascals have so greatly increased with the increase of loyally to Christ. It was in no sense !L om^des | ie to lmp ?? e 'f^" 8 upon Christian "VUUV thought, vuw or uuiiw to. assume VI vuiisviaii the right U1UU1UUUUU, authoritatively buat LUC to brotherhood, that the basis of the English Alliance was adopted. Interpreted liberally in the spirit in which it was adopted, and there need be no conscientious scruples about uniting with us. Christian union is a guarantee for Christian freedom. The spirit of association with its liberty is the best safeguard against hierarchical and sectarian tyranny." He had not intended to do anything but simply read the report; but perhaps he might be allowed to say a few words. Christian union had been one 1 of the dreams of his life which had haunted him, sometimes to a painful paintul degree; but he had lived long enough to know that organizations such as they ; were attempting atiV&lllllUUK; contained UUUWUUVU in 111 them uuviu a c* good guuu many luauj 1 elements of of difficulty, and and they they need need not not be be very much *•»««•" surprised curpriseu if 11 those mose difficulties uimuuiiico obtruded UULIUUCU tueai- them- I Belves -V..WU ail at UUC the VCIV very UUUlUlCUtCUHiUVi commencement. iUCIC There tl were tic ! ^me some who had told them, and told them somewhat prominently, " that there was a unity among the Chinches of Chnst already, and that there was no need for any unity of action such as they proposed m order to assist to develop that. He could not help thinking when that thought was forced upon the public mind that pretty much the same sort of argument might be applied in regard to those who were united in betrothal. Before marriage there was a union—there was a love But they need not stop at betrothal. It was with marriage that was connected all the holy and blessed friendship of life. All the social virtues emanated from the home, and all the truest organizations that were wrought out in life were developed in the home associations. (Applause ) So in this union among the Churches of the colony. They were united before in something like the union of betrothal, but it was infinitely better that they should be married—that they should meet together in holy concert—so that their lives might express by unity of thought unity of prayer, and unity of action that they were one m the Lord. (Applause ) And he trusted that those who were earnestly loosing for Christian union—which he presumed included all there present—might not be disappointed, and have one more blow struck at the idea of their lives by the ill-success of the organization. He predicted for it a better career. (Loud applause.) The Rev. JAMES HENDERSON addressed the meeting on the subject of "Christian Brotherhood. It was with much satisfaction that he had marked the beginnings of this movement towards a fuller manifestation of the essential brotherhood of all true Christian*, and the essential unity of the true Church of Christ. That such a oneness existed, and underhed the various sects into which the Church was divided, was a fact which all denominations rejoiced to recognise; but the manifestation oi it in some palpable and corporate form was a desideratum which all had felt and lamented. To some extent the want was supplied by the formation of the South Australian Evangelical Alliance. And it seemed to him that if in the home country, where sectarian distinctions were so sharply defined, and where denominational pre- i radices were so varied and so strong, an Alliance of this nature had lived, and shed its blissful influences for many years They might surely hope that in this new land a kindred institution should not only be planted, but gather to itself the sympathies and regards of all the friends of Christian truth and Christian love. (Applause.) As separate sections of the Church they might stand fully equipped, and almost perfect in organization and every extreme appliance. They had cathedrals, churches, schools; they had creeds, confessions, catechisms, prayer-books, councils, convocations, synods, assemblies; but where, amid all this paraphernalia of Christianity, was that fraternal sympathy, that Christian charity, that mutual goodwill and mutual help, without which all these things were but as sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal? One of the things which the thorough development of Christian brotherhood was what might be specified as excessive denominatienalism. Making all due allowance for a legitimate and honest love of one's own Uhurch or denomination, what a disruptive influence this self-righteous spirit of sectarian exclusion had exercised on the Church from tbe earliest days. Those Corinthian party cries—I am of Paul, and I of Apollos—had rung through every chapter of the Church's history down to the present time. In virtue of his party connection, each thought himself better than his neighbour. It placed him on a higher level, and the smaller his party the nicer its peculiarities; the more exclusive its character the more superciliously did he look down from his fancied elevation upon all who followed not him. How opposite all this to the spirit of that religion which commands us not to think of ourselves more highly than we ought to think, but to think soberly, in honour preferring one another. Impatience, or distaste for sound doctrine and love of novelty, the desire to have something attractive tricked out in the elements of the world, were other divisive elements. Hence persons were found moving from place to place, and the unity of the Church made a thing of naught. Many other things might be specified. But they trusted they were inaugurating a better state of things—that the Society they were launching would, to a great extent, remove those evils, and pave the way to thorough Christian brotherhood A philosopher was once asked, " What is motion In reply he rose from his seat and .walked about the room, saying, "Thisismotion." Andtheymust not rest satisfied with allowing their religion to lie wrapped up in creeds or confessions or false definitions, but exhibiting it in living life, and, in all their intercourse with each other, be able to say to the world, " This is Christianity." Christianity in the soul was the password to brotherly affection and confidence throughout the world. It was the sign and countersign to all the Soldiers of the Cross. They hailed the formation of this Alliance among us as affording a platform on which Christians of different denominations might meet either for mutual edification and fellowship or for mutual co-operation in the interests of a common Christianity. If knowledge was power, so was union, too. united fires brighten each other's blaze. The ocean s mighty tide was but drops of water united. The compact phalanx sustained the battle-charge, the shock of which would rout the same troops divided. Let Christians, then, unite all their forces. Let them concentrate all their energies. The Association had their best wishes and most earnest prayers, and he hoped it would be found exerting an influence for good and discouraging everything opposed to it; giving strength and support to each denomination, sustaining the efforts of the public, and cheering them a'I in the hope of realizing more fully that great oi ject for which their saviour still pleaded—the union, peace, and prosperity of the Church which he had bought with His blood. (Applause.) The Rev. S. MEAD expressed his sympathy with the objects and purposes of the organization, and alluded briefly to the necessity of keeping clearly in their minds the distinction between the manifestation of Christian unity and its actual existence. He did not know the Prayer-Book so well as Mr. Ibbetson, who was to follow him, but he believed there was something in it about the Holy Catholic Church, the meaning of which was, or ought to be. simply the belief in one Church of their Lord Jesus Christ. (Applause.) There was no union with Christ except by faith, and it was of great importance they should thoroughly realize that the Church of Christ was one, whether under the name of Wesleyanism, Congregationalism, Baptism, or Presbyterianism. He quite felt that the time had come for them to seek to develop the real union which existed in practical manifestations, and he felt for himself he had not been what he ought to have been. But he should be sorry to suppose that they were trying to bring about a union that did not exist before. It was of great importance that they should bear in mind that they were really members of Christ united to Him, and it would tend to make them more patient, and to love one another with pure hearts fervently. The Rev. D. J. H. IBBETSON said perhaps some apology might be expected for his appearing on the platform, and he was sorry to think that it should be so; but when he came to think that the scaffolding of the Church was erected for one specific purpose of raising the temple of Christ, and that their Lord bid them look not at the organization, but rather at the great work for which He had made them His ministers, then he felt that all apologies were needless-(applause) —plantiug his foot as he did upon Christ's immutable wprk, and coming forth to do all he could for the spread of His name. (Applause.) Jle had been asked to say a few words on the topic, Union for the preservation of the sanctity of the Lord's Day." They had launched a fair vessel upon what he hoped would be a sea of prosperity, and freighted as they hoped with a rich cargo to be landed on the heavenly shores. He believed that people for the most part were not sufficiently alive to the claims of the Sabbath, and did not sufficiently understand its importance in its bearing upon man spiritually, morally, socially, and physically. He dreaded the thought of the possibility of the time coming when in this colony they should witness spectacles such as were witnessed on the continent of Europe, where it was almost the universal custom of persons having been to the religious services in the morning to go to the opera or the theatre in the evening, The blessing of God could never be expected to rest upon those people who disregarded the claims of His Sabbath. As he understood the Bible, it dated back far beyond the time of the giving of the law at Mouut Sinai— in fact, to the time when God rested Himself on the " seventh dayand as it was the oldest of all institutions, he believed it was to be the most lasting; for they read in the Epistle of Paul to the Hebrews, there remains a Sabbathism, or, as it was translated, a rest to the people of God. (Applause.) It was their duty to use all their efforts to preserve the sanctity of the Lord's Day. It would be a sad thing if the time should come when the young should feel it a matter of necessity or custom, or a matter of innocent enjoyment, to neglect the precious hours of the Sabbath. They needed it in order that they might gain physical refreshment from thp week's work; their souls needed it, their bodies needed it, their hearts needed it, ay, even the very sou needed it, and these who would cast it to the winds were not those, to say the least of it, who regarded either their spiritual or temporal interests. Ihere were those who would not turn any from their work or their pleasures, or who would be crying in f'^l 3 " ' ;-^? uld n hat the ° ew moon was ended that „„„«.,, we f might -- . sell . . corn, -- or that the Sabbath was woo Past that we might set forth wheat." The existwa Iv, ® , ! s , t . he strongest reason d ' I „ r i § u J ard Prevent rat Ph ^H^f f n °"^L the hallo^ed da JJ- It was not ™L w 10 — 7.j- ™ — f~ .—, what i means th„but uui rather rauier to ?afford anora Hord some idea of what were Tn t the i.^ purposes P" r P° s . es of of the ^ Evangelical Alliance. ™ ^ In a land like this, with its i laws founded upon the principle 0 p V i ple of religious equahty, „i.„ f T' there „.,,IJ might t,,,. be a tendency —-— to release what he could K J?n,iirl not but LJhl feel ito - ibe - the true S*"-~ul ^ l "L w i. ™ «?„ lde _ .legislation. ic^ioianon. Men might set up claims upon religious scruples to be allowed to do this, or. not to be forbidden to do mfgh? rr-"—- he h— r aVe - bUt a » ^cie^of^he^' "wwti-j v. uuuEiabs, or 01 Blasphemers, who, under the name of relioinn religion, might have therein power to compel the Legislature to support them, or at least not to oppose them Therefore, he held they should endeavour to impress upon the Government of the day, if necessity should arise—he trusted it never would—to adopt such measures in respect to the holy Sabbath as^should be the means of preserving public The Rev. W. L. BINKS said he had to speak upon the prevailing errors" which the Association was expected to oppose as far as it was prudent and possible—those errors which they believed to be detrimental to the best interests of their fellow-men It was probable there would be some difference among themselves as denominations, for he supposed they would have their distinct existence and their preaching as before for many years to come: but the benefit of the Alliance would be to lead to more brotherly feeling one for another, and to a wish to aid each other, and being prepared to look with favour and approbation upon the work that each of the denominations were doing as sections of Christ's Church. A great thing was done when the sinner was converted from the error of his way, and they had sufficient common basis of action in that. For instance, he expressed the sentiments of those interested in the Alliance when he said they believed in the promised gift of the Holy Spirit which the Lord promised to His disciples. They believed in the deity and personality of the Holy Spirit, that it was not a mere attribute or the mere genius of the Gospel. He believed if as ministers and members of the Church there was more of the spirit of love and unity among them, they would have a larger measure of the gift of the Spirit, and be baptized from on high. One of the great errors of the day was, he thought, the overlooking of this gift which they all acknowledged. Just as there was an absence of that Spirit there would be the attempt to supply its place by means of some other agencies, and there was danger of trying to make up for the absence of the Holy Ghost in the paraphernalia, in the formula, in the ceremonial of the Church. There would be no spiritual advancement in any congregation, however magnificent the church, however talented its minister, however attractive its services, there would be no real spiritual good accomplished in the Church, unless the Spirit of God accompanied the words to the hearts of the people. They beUeved in the divinity of the Son of God, and they believed also in the real humanity of Jesus Christ. They all believed in His sacrifice, so meritorious in its character —the atonement made for the sin of the world. They regarded no one but God as the Head of the Church. Their Queen, though they honoured as a good and virtuous Queen, they did not acknowledge as the Head of the Church. Neither did they acknowledge another who held himself t® be the Head of the Church—(a laugh)— not even the venerable Pope of Rome. (Applause and laughter.) While not associated together for the purpose of opposing, or rather of attacking Roman Catholicism, yet they must do their duty, and be loyal to the Head. (Applause.) They must never lose the opportunity when it presented itself of proclaiming their one Lord and Head of His own Church, and no person must take or attempt to take the privilege from the Son of God. (Applause.) Who could tell but in this grand assembly to be held in Rome even the Pope himself might discover he had made a great mistake, and might abandon that position, and give the honour back to Christ. Why, he might be the great reformer of the nation even yet. (Applause and laughter.) The Council were, he understood, to consider the great evils and abuses that existed in the world, and he prayed God might direct them to some of those evils they had to oppose as Protestants in this land. (Applause ) Yes, they held Christ the Head. There was no head in the Methodist Church, the Independent Church, the Hresbyterian Church, or the Baptist Church, but Christ. Therefore they were all one in this matter, and could unite heartily to give honour to Him who, sitting upon the throne, was their Redeemer and Head. Then they gave honour to Christ not only as their Redeemer, but as their Intercessor. Now they would say he was going to have another go in at the Roman Catholics. (Loud laughter and Hear.) So he was; but he loved them for all that. He would like to s-ee them brought to the feet of the Saviour, as thousands were in the times of Luther; and why might it not be so again if they were faithful? They regarded Christ on His immortal throne as the one Mediator between God and man. He did not know whether they gave sufficient honour to the Blessed Virgin, mother of Jesus. It was said in the Scriptures that she should be called Blessed, and the Saviour honoured her. They must take care they did not go to the other extreme, but they must see they did not give that honour to her or to any saint or angel which belonged to Jesus. There was one Mediator who stood in the presence of their God, and that was Christ. By the teaching of God's Blessed Book they were bound to protest against the error of many intercessors taking the position of the Lord Jesus Christ, against the error of believing that prayers were offered by the departed on behalf of those left upon the world. Those were errors which they were bound to protest against, and to do so with Christian kindness and love. There were many other errors, some belonging to the Methodists, Presbyterians, and Baptists perhaps-(laughter)- but these were only small ones. They must not do too much at once; or perhaps they would spoil the whole; and he would only say he felt great pleasure in being present at the inaugural meeting of the Alliance, and hoped it had many yeare of prosperity and much good in store for it. The Rev. J. WAT made some observations on the subject of Christian unity, especially in reference to the Lord's table, where, he remarked, they would all meet as members in Him, apart from all differences or discussions. The Rev. J. G. WEIGHT spoke upon the topic Union in Prayer," giving numerous instances from the Scripture illustrating its efficacy, and expressing also his warm interest in the Alliance, and his great gratification at the union which had been inaugurated. The PRESIDENT announced the setting apart of Sunday next for thanksgiving and the arrangement for a united Communion, which it was intimated would be in no way restricted to members of the Alliance, but at which members of all Christian Churches were invited to be present. The meeting closed with the benediction, after which a considerable number of persons enrolled themselves as members of the Alliance. 