THE LYRE BIRD. About three weeks ago a curious ac- tion was brought in the Bail Court to try the right of two parties to a "lyre bird," which had been brought from Sydney, and sold to the Zoological Society for £100. According to the plaintiff's case (the hon. J. G. Ellis), he had been some time in Australia. He went to Sydney, and called upon a person named Palmer, in Hunter-street, in that city. Palmer was a naturalist, and he had a male lyrebird, which was a very scarce bird, and therefore very valuable. It had been tamed, and Mr Ellis agreed to purchase this bird, and gave £25 for it. He directed Palmer to endeavour to obtain a female lyre bird, and send them over together to him in England by a vessel called La Hogue. He intended to present them to the Zoological Society. The defend- ant ( Ross) was the steward of the ves- sel. Upon the ship arriving, the plain- tiff received a letter from the defendant, stating that he was sorry to inform him that Palmer had obtained another of those birds, and thinking it was a female he put it in the cage with the other bird, but that during his absence the birds had fought and killed each other, and he had brought him over the skins and tails of the birds. The defendant took a simi- lar bird to the Zoological Gardens, and sold it to the society for £100. The plaintiff, hearing this, went to the gar- dens and saw and examined the bird, and he was convinced that it was the bird he had purchased off Palmer. It took notice when he called it "Cockey" which was the name by which it went when tamed, and in Palmer's possession. Mr Hawkins convulsed the Court with laughter in opening the plaintiff's case. The bird when at the gardens had quite recovered itself after its voyage. It hopped about and fed, and appeared proud and happy. Its tail had grown, and it was admired by all who saw it, whether they paid 1s, or 6d on a Whit Monday, as well as by the Fellows who had the opportunity of visiting it at thir leisure on Sundays. At last, however, this action was com- menced, and that had a visible effect on the bird. It seemed to say, "I am now pulled about by lawyers, and by inquisi- tive persons. They have put me in ex- hibits, in affidavits. I am put in inter- rogatories ; and this is not confined or limited to week days ; but Mr Denman, who is a Fellow, comes on Sundays, and examines and cross-examines me to my great annoyance. I will stand it no longer. I will give up the ghost, and go and join the other birds in Paradise, who are my relatives." And the bird actually died. The question was whether this bird had belonged to the plaintiff or the defendant. The plaintiff swore that he purchased a bird of Palmer, and he believed it to be the one he had seen in the Zoological Gardens. The defendant swore that he had bought this very bird from Palmer, giving him £20 for it, and it was sent on board his ship five or six weeks after the purchase. He called him " Joey," He brought him home, and sold him to the Zoological Society for £100. Palmer wanted to re-pur- chase the bird after it was on board. He had sold a similar bird to the society the previous year for £125, which is still living. The jury returned s verdict for the plaintiff. 