THE ARCHBISHOP OF WESTMINSTER'S PASTORAL. In the Pastoral Letter of the Arch! ishop of Westminster, -which was read in the princial London churches, his Graee thus expresses him self on the subject of education :— Education Without Religion- Impossible — Ascribe it to what they may, men are com pelled to acknowledge that the moral aad intel lectual state of man in the last eighteen hundred years surpasses the highest maturity of any ear Her time. They ascribe it to civilisation ; we to Christianity. We affirm that Christianity in itself is civilisation, and more than civilisation ; that civilisation without Christianity is dwarfed stunted, and deformed ; that Christianity is the first-fruits and the cause of the highest civiliza tion of man aud of society. We affiVin this truth to-day for a special purpose : in order to declare, with explicit reasons, why the Citholie Church has always inflexibly held tha.t him ndii. cation of ita children is a sacred trust of the Divine Founder of Christianity, and that for a Christian people education without religion is impossible. We are now about to enter into a public discussion— we fear that it must be said, into a public conflict — on the subject of national education, and what are the obligations which it is impossible for us either to violate or to compromise. In order to do this in as full and reasoned a way as possible, it will be neces sary to lay down certain principles on which tins declaration is founded. We are bound both by the natural and the revealed law of God, to edu cate children in the knowledge and Iov9 of Him and of His commandments ; and, as a Christian people, we know that the true knowledge aud lovo of God aud His commandments is to be found only in Christianity. It is the knowledge of God in Christ which has developed the reason and the will of man. For the want of this knowledge and love, the heatheu world fell into polytheism, pantheism, atheism; thu intellect and conscience were . darkened', the heart and will were corrupt. TI13 first chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Romans gives the mere outline of the unimaginable de gradation of man without Christ and without God in the world. The Hebrew race was ele vated above all nations ; and stood alone aincno all races of mankind for the nobleness of its in tellectual uultui^ for the justice and mercy of 'fcs political order, and, in, contrast with the heathen, for the chastity of its domestic life'. The cause and source of this elevation, noble ness, justice, mercy, and chastity, were the knowledge of God and of His Iaw3. The Chris tian world is elevated above the Hebrew race in ill the same qualities which elevated the He brew race above the heathen ; and in many others, before unknown, derived from the Person, Bhe example, the teaching, and the work of its Divine Founder. Christianity has bestowed upon the world three perfect gifts, from which its nobler and higher civilization is derived : the crue knowledge and conception of God, a per fect human example, a perfect law of duty towards God and man. On these three bases all civilization, law, government, legislation, mor ality public domestic and personal, are founded. If we appreciate Christianity only as a moral power working upon mankind, apart from the operations of supernatural grace and the power of Christian worship, sacraments, and prayer, it is undeniable that it is the perfection of human nature ; aud that it has developed the reason, heart, and will of man to a rectitude, a fulness, and a ripeness of which the philosophy a d civilization of the heathen world had hardly so much as a shadow, and to which the highest reach of the Hebrew race could never attain. This is to understate the truth ; but we are reasoning with those who do not believe in the life of counsels., We shall only state it ade quately by saying that Christianity is the per fection of man. Regeneration of Mankind is the Work of Chris tianity.— It is from this equally certain, that Christianity alone preserves the reason and will of man from lapsing into the state of perversion and of immorality which prevailed in the world before Christanity came into it. Heathenism was a lapse and a corruption. The Hebrew race likewise lapsed into immoralities so great, that Moses for the hardness of their hearts gave them a law which derogated from the natural law of marriage, and is immensely below the law of Christianity. But the moral law of Christianity stands steadfast, and in this especial law of the uumesuiu ure on wnicn all is louuded, home and its sanctities, the common- wealth, its authority, order, and perfection, it remains, in the Citholic Church at least, immovable uuto this day. We have been lately told, in a book which for a season had its notoriety, that the moral standard of Plato and Socrates, Oato and Cicero, bears comparison with the Catholic morality. The writer of such things must be either an untrusty reporter or a shallow student. A very slight classical reading would have made such aa error impossible. It is not so that- those who have really studied the civilization of the heathen world describe the private and public morals of Rome and Athens. Their highest examples, — philosophers, states men, and censors included, —with very few ex ceptions, are stained with hideous blots. If there be a truth in human history it is this, that the moral regeneration of mankind, aud the perpetuity of that moral regeneration in the world, is the work of Christianity ; and that the principle in which it originates is also the principle of its pieservation. The reason of this is self evident ; Christianity alone can form the inward life of man ; philosophy could not either shape or sustain it; legislation could not so much as touch it. The pure theism of the Old Law aloue could not only touch but shape and sustain the intellect, the heart, and the will ; and yet this was only an imperfect and partial knowledge of God, the prelude of the fuller manifestation of the Divine Nature in the Chris tian law. In addressing you, dear children in Jesus Christ, it is impossible to iimit ourselves co cne cold language ot moralists ; but in ad dressing those with whom we have now to conted the language of faith is as superstition aud foolishness. You will know that when we speak of Christianity as the regeneration and perfection of mankind, we mean the grace and truth which comes by Jesus Christ. The interior and supernatural grace of Baptism, dwelling and working in the soul ; the light of faith, illuminating the intellect with a discern ment of truth and falsehood, informing the con science with perception and a sense of right and wrong replenishing and sanctifying the heart with the love of God above all things, and with a rational love of self, as the measure and rule of our love toour neighbor; all this, and the grace of the Holy Sacraments, especially of Penance and of the Altar, together vrith a Dractice of a lif« n( Christian piety and prayer, is included in our lirst conception of the power by which Christi anity has elevated our natare, regenerated man kind, aud created the Christian world. But wa are now reasoning, not with you who believe and ]o.-c these things, and would lay down your lives for t:io!ii, but with those who, either from uu bulitif will not hear'of them, or, from worldly cal culation, will only regard Christianity so far as it is in contact with politics, or with, the welfare of society. To them, then, we say, philosophy, legislation, literature, intellectual cultivation, from the science of universities to the reading and writing of the poor schools, will not form the inward life of man, and therefore cannot educate man. It will leave the heart, the con science, and the will morally where it found them. The reason or the intelligence may be sharpened and enlarged, but the moral nature, with its powers, passions, and motives will nei ther be elevated nor subdued. In one word, chen, Christianity is the sole educator of man kind ; and that, because the Christian Church alone has received the commission to educate, and the means and powers whereby to educate The words, 'Go ye therefore and teach ' or make disciples of, 'all nations, baptizing them m the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, ' laid upon the Christian Church the obligation to educate ; and conveyed to it both the truth and the law, that is, both the intellectual aud moral power whereby to fulfil that obligation. By the law of nature, parents are bound to educate their children ; by the law of Christianity, the Church has the obligation to see that parents fulfil the duty of education. The duties and obligations of parents and of the Churek are in perfect har mony, being derived from one source, and sup plementing each other in their exercise. The first formation and training of a Christian child is the duty and work of the father and the mo ther ; its higher and later formation is by the pastoral office of the Church. Both in the lower and the higher periods of a child's education, Christianity, that is, the Christian truth and law, i» the power by which the reason, the con science, the heart, the will, and therefore the character and the life of the, young, are shaped aud moulded. Christianity alone can do this, for it alone possesses the key which fits the wards of the heart in man. From this, again, it follows, as a necessary and self-evident conBa. quence, that education without Christianity is impossible ; or, to use a modern phrase, that the secular and the religious elements of educa tion are inseparable; or, more simply, that education is essentially religious ; or, that where religion is excluded there is no education. Do not be deceived by the confident and con temptuous talk of these days. Hold fast by th© ol.l traditions and axioms of your father*. When we say that education without Christianity is impossible, we do not say thai instruction without Christianity is impossible we say only that iastruction is not education, and that those who are only taught in secular instruction are not educated; and that a sy3tein of 'National education' not based on Christianity is an imposture. It is not educa tion. It cannot educate the people. Call it national instruction, if they will ; but in the name of Christianity, if not also of truth, let it not be called education. It is necessary to keep bhis steadily and broadly before the evea and t.h« conscience of the country, because we ar« threatened by t'.ie schemes of so- called national Hducation, from which religion is excluded. To be just to many who are hesitating and hover ing about these modern theories, we may say that they do not do so either from unbelief or from irreligion, or from indifference about Christianity, or from a formed judgment that secular instruction alone is better than Christiaa education, or from preference for instruction without religion, but partly lrom a certain want of courage in standing firm against the preten tious tone of a few theorists, and partly, and it may be said chiefly, from a weary and perplexed feeling that there remains no way out ef the dif ficulties of our endless religious contradictions, but by excluding religion altogether from our schools. The truth is, that a handful of doctrinaires and of social theorists, who have either lost their Christian faith, or have never had faith, are urging us to a national instruction without religion ; but the people of these kingdoms are a Christiaa people, and the handful of those who moulder elude religion is not appreciable upon th« millions who are as one man in desiring that their children shall be educated in the Christian religion. No system could be more contrary ta the general feeling and desire, that is, t» the moral sense, of the people of these kingdoms, than a system of national instruction without religion. It is nob to be believed that any one, except the handful of theorists already spoken of, would desire such a system. They could only be induced to hear of it, first, because th« multitude of our children running wild in the streets is so great, and, secondly, because our religious contentions make it difficult to know what religion can be taught to them. {2o be Continued.) 