BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The annual meetings of the Baptist Associa tion were commenced on Tuesday evening, October 19, when a public meeting was . held in the newly erected hall adjoining the church.. There was a good attendance, and the Kiev. H. J. Lambert presided. After singing and prayerthe ^Chairman called on the Kev. J.; L. Davies to read a paper on "Progress in the Knowledge of God's Truth." The Kev. Mr. Davies having explained that he would not read 'his paper, but would give the salient points of it in a short address, commenced by remarking that all truth was God's truth, whether natural science* natural religion, or revelation; but he wohldconfine himself to the knowledge of God. himself, and the way of salvation. Human nature of itself was not ablej.to* find but God,, but - God—had- made- a -revelation of himself, and that revelation contained all Divine truth. The truths of that Divine revelation had not been entrusted to any one nutn or order of men, nor had Divine truth been committed to the Church; in any exclusive sensed The truth of God was committed to writing by holy men whom the Holy Ghost moved to that end, having been preserved by the special Providence of God in its course downward. Had God authorised any man or class of men to.be the exclusive inter preters of His word ? It devolved on;those who claimed to -be the exclusive interpreters of God's word to produce the- evidence on which their' claim was based. He denied that any evidence ever had been or could be brought forward in support of the assertion that' God had appointed any man or order of men to be the exclusive interpreters of his truth. All truth was common, . and a man's right -to search, to investigate, to understand, and to" embrace all: truth arose from his possessing the , capacity of doing so—that was, from his common humanity. :, So also, when God -made a revela tion 6f His" own" truth, and embalmed it in Writing, He presented it a free gift to the entire human family. And a man's right to read, to investigate, to believe, and to rejoice in that revelation was based on the fact of his being a man. As the sacred Scriptures were the de pository and storehouse of divine truth, it fol lowed that they were the proper and special objects of study to those who aspired to the knowledge of God. The ends for which the Church existed in the world, were to_ train up its members in the knowledge of God, and in conformity to the image of His Son, and to communicate a knowledge of that written revelation with which God had en trusted it to those for whom it was intended, viz., the whole human race. The Church was the school in which the whole company of the redeemed were to be trained for glory, and the: knowledge of God was: one of the first and most; important elements in that training, and in order to enable the Church effectually to fulfil this high, vocation, God - had supplied it abundantly with rthe materials : for the work. The Church-should-not neglect " tb; avail itself of all those discoveries and improvements''that were made in any department of humanVknow-" ledge, which might assist .in elucidating and con-, firming the word of God, but strive rather to; be in advance of the age in all knowledge, and' in the application of Christian principles to all; .the,relations and exigencies of human^society.' Learning was a great means for good, but im portant as- it-wasj-ietnot-any suppose-that it was impossible to attain to a high degree it knowledge in the things of God without it." Many had done so. Many thousands of private Christians who possessed no learning had fnfeverthfelMSjbeen made " wise unto salvation " byipfayer and; meditation on the Word of God. Buhyan had' -no ? book but the Bible in the vfi^iislatipn . known a#, the authorised version, -a^i'npwl^ter . two centuries of progress his : wbrks were Tead and valued. Learning was gfflfled~-vaittabie.' but dt-^was rather as a substi tute for higher--gifts. The chief particular needful for success and progress in the know ledge of God waisTa-sihcere desire after God, and a heart, set upon- finding him. Their teachers should not: be'fettered and restrained by-a-regard for the interests of a sect or party, they should not be regarded as the represen tatives or agents of any sect or connexion, but as the representatives and advocates- of God's truth. fcThey had a higher work than that of building up sects, or of vainly attempting to perpetuate humanjjforms of jecclasiastical governments, which a few years ago had no existence, and which in. a few years to come would have'changed or passed away. ,.-The Christian teacher worked for immortality it was his to build. up a kingdom that could not be . shaken—to dissemi nate and establish the truth of God, which continued and abided for ever, (jive them a free pulpit, a free Bible, and a learned, honest, free, and fearless. preacher,, and ,the truth of God—unbound and unfettered—would soar aloft and fill the world with its glory. Give them this in every pulpit, and in due time they would see, not a nominal and formal union, but a real and abiding union, in which all denomina tions would together attain to the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, to whom be glory, world without end. Amen. Adiscussion ensued, in which several ministers and gentlemen took part, and thanks were unanimously expressed to the Rev. Mr. Davies for his interesting and able address. The Chair man then called on the Rev,' Mr. Tuck, who read the following paperThe subject; of this paper has been given as expressed 'in these words, 'On direct effort by our Church members„for the conversion of souls.? It is assumed that it is the duty of Church members to seek the conversion of souls. If Church members are also" members of Christ then freely they have received, and can anything be more obvious than that freely they should give to those who still need what they have already ob tained ? Freely they have received of the grace of God. They cannot actually bestow that grace upon others, but they may become means by which it shall be communicated. Nothing less is intended when our Lord says—and he says to all his disciples—'Ye are the light of the world,' and 'Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father who is in Heaven.'; THe-j word of God teaches us that distinguished re-. wards await those who ' turn many to_righteous ness,' and ' Hm that converted a sinner from the error of his way.' It is not prophets or apostles as such, or any class of official laborers as such, who are spoken of as being capable of such a work and of receiving such a reward. ; •It is they that turn many to righteousness,.no: ecclesiastical distinction whatever being in tended. It is simply 'He that converteth,' whether he.be a Church member only, or a dea con, an elder/ or a bishop/.. "We regard it as .conclusive-thai\Church members", as well ;as:| those who "hold office, in/the, Church;, may ras-' agencies turn many'to . righteousness or convert , the sinner frqm the error of his ways ; and - if they may do it, considering the momentous in terests involved, it must be their duty to seek to do it. How many there are within, our reach who are not converted ! Perhaps we have children, or . very near relatives, or intimate friends who are not converted. Many whom wo are continually seeing, whose daily work we _ superintend,. or with" whom we are _ continually acting in matters; of business,///are hot converted,- and unless | they are converted and become as little chil dren, they, dahnot see-the Kingdom of God. What can we do that peradventure they may be converted and saved ? In what we have ad -vanced-we-haye assumed that Church- members have it in.their power to seek the conversion of souls.r If they , had not, certainly it would be no part of their duty. . But they have it in their power. Christ manifestly requires his disciples to seek the conversion of others. , He' would not require them to seek it if they had no way of seeking "it. The fact that God had blessed the efforts of sincere Christians in this • direction, even when they have themselves possessed but little strength, little, know ledge, and but little aptitude, shows what they have in their power to do with God's bless ing ; 'Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings I He has perfected praise.' All are not capable of the same kind of effort, but all are capable of doing something. Wo are .all capable of letting our light shine before men, i.e., all are capable of manifesting and commending the truth of God by a truly Christian "example. Now we should earnestly, endeavor to culti vate a Christian spirit and manifest a correct Christian example, not only for our own peace and welfare, but with a view to attract the attention of others to religion, and draw, thorn into the paths of religion. 'A little leaven leayeneth the whole lump.' Some may say 1 this is only indirect effort, and that of course all. are doing. We say it is the first step in direct' effort, arid we say all are not doing it. We | must express our fear that a large proportion of us are not taking any pains" to develop and unfold the Christian life for the sake of others. We too often do it exclusively for ourselves, having little concern for the spiritual need ef others, and not seeking to exert an influence upon them which may save them. We should bring Christ down from above by our . own Christian-like behavior, that others may see Him for themselves, and when they get a fair view of Him, they may be' asked, with some force of reason, will ye also be Bus disciples ? Will they not begin to ask it of themselves? ' Now, this would be letting in the light upon the darkness of others. This would be affirming j to them that they might read for themselves :an; epistle of Christ, written riot with ink; but! with the spirit of the living God, and where our speech would be contemptible, this epistle of a Christian life would be weighty 'and powerful ' Now, whether we . call., this; a direct effort of not* it is the kind of effort, that is the most effective. Nor is any other kind--of- effort-of much use unless pre ceded by this. We may be. able to; write pathetic letters, and say very pointed things !to; unconverted people, and supply them with,an endless number of appropriate religious tracts ; but it will be no match for a holy Christian lifer-a life which we endeavor to live more and ; more that we ourselves 'may be life to the dead. The world is very dark, , brethren ; let us arise .and shine; and be this dark world's light. Many,, many,.'are dead; let us'erect above them.the \- living power of a Christian exanaple that they may live.'. There are various modes of direct Christian effort which; wei 'should use as we are: able,;or Occasion may require. ' .;A word spoken in its season, how good J How often such sea sons occur, and if we did but recognise them and grasp the opportunity for speaking the word which would put them in the right place, how much precious seed we might sow which would , live arid abide for ever. Perhaps we often say. serious and important things out; of place/ Some inferior motive prompts us to speak. Sometimes for appearance sake we think we, must speak; when it would be more upright of us not to speak",' and it would be wise of us nptf to speak; but there are occasions, not a few,, which ought to stir up our hearts and impel us to speak earnestly and solemnly of things which pertain to the soul's salvation. The afflictions' which are common to all men we think more espe.cially afford the occasions we have spoken I of. How often and how easily we may find odr way.to the house of mourning,_ or to some scerie of anxiety and trouble, and if .we-work, skil fully and tenderly there is good hope that orir' words will, not fall to the ground. Brethren, visit the widow and the - fatherless in their_ affliction, visit the brir6aved of every class, visit those, who are in want and adversity, visit the 1 sick-arid-the5dying. - Weep with.those wh(o -weep;" do not/talk to them so'muchaboutthe mystefies of Providence, or dwelltoorixcliisively on' the duty of '"subruissibri '""or the'benefits/ of-| affliction, but rather - go.: do wn with them to -the depth of-their .sorrow yfor the-'timeriiakp •their trouble'.your own that you may do it 'effectually; recall your own griefs,-live oyer again those hours when death severed;rsbm'e of-your holiest and teriderest ties; or when misfortune, or falsehood ..or deceit on the part of others robbed-'you- of your-own-and left you desolate. Suffer with them, and there tell them that-'the' Lord: liveth,' that He doth not afflict willingly; that He chastens for -our profit;, that Jesus came to bind up the broken 1 hearted;"that He has borne their1 griefs.and carried .their sorrows; that having suffered, being tried, He is able to succor them that are .tried. Tell them how in their affliction. He stands at 'the door and knocks, and desires peace arid- friendship to be established between , tbem.' By such means,- with the hlessing'of;the Holy Spirit, you may lead their souls to God. -The afflictions of human life afford a very wide scope'for direct Christian effort, and a sphere in which our labors may bo followed by great results. - "We -may. just say here that tract distribution affords great facility for get ting'at'the.poorer classes, and Ohrirch me'mbers of/age and experience more especially would ,;firid great encouragement in that line"of effort. ' Christian : parents and heads of households ought to make direct, earnest, prayerful effort for the conversion of children and members of their .families ; and.if . such asked us what to do with a view to this, weshould say, first leave off to do what is hindering their conversion; leave off 1 your irritability ' and impatience, which at once repels them -from r you, and makes sometimes your religious-profession look hideous; leave off your excessive levity, which makes them think that spiritualmindedness is hut a farce; leave off- your wordliness and covetousness, and needlessly expensive habits, which make them wonder what you mean when you talk about not being conformed to this world; leave off your backbiting, which makes them ridicule a profession of Christian love; leave off your disparaging your minister, and running down his sermons, which you were too "careless to understand, too worldly minded to appreciate,. whereby you have often destroyed- hopeful impressions, perhaps made by those same sermons. If you would seek to convert your households, do things yourselves meet ■ for repentance, and pray without ceasing for their conver sion—practically describe to them the path of the just, let them see in you that shining light which shineth more and more unto tha perfect day, arid then with some force you may say to them—and you ought to say it to them— we are journeying to the place of which God hath said, 'I will give it you.'. Come with us and we will do you good. If we employ^ others in our business we incur a responsibility in respect to them. "We are debtors to them as much as Paxil was a debtor to Greeks and'bar barians.: We are bound to endeavor to .the utf .mostio_give_themcorrect impressions otreligioa for the.fpurgQse^of .enlisting; tbemon its side,i arid to speak'what, our own hearts believe when circximstanees^ open for us adoorgf utterance. Such responsibilities beset us "in "every rela tion of-;-, life, andr-seeking ^to'.'win souls is without doubt theduty of 'all who have found , peace for. themseIyesrrThe kind pfeffort-we put Tg^.'Vtii^.;'hha^rd^g;tol^ri .exigOhoieshf the case'; but we are bound to do—it is'the'least' We" can' do. We can. be light-hearers to others .by.walking '• in the light ourselves, and approving ourselves" >■ as children of "the "light;"-' '-We are'alwayr exert-" ;irig an'friflueripe upon.-others for; goodr;-ori for eviL Why should it not be wbollyhfof'good ? Why not/always servnour genera'tiori according, jto -the rwillr of' God ?' Weafe rttpt our own. We are bought with a price:;7hot silver* or gold, but the precious blood of Christ. What it has done for-hr shouldgiriciterfus to jdo lour utmost in HisZSerrice ;-and an essential part hf that service "is"_seekirig to bring others to Hiiil?' We rannot-labprJin <vmn,, fhoughrwe know little' or',"nothing-abbri$ '-results now. Our" works will follow'us when we rest fromjour labors,' and xrill be declared iifthose whom we have been the means -of leading to ,the:throna; of God, and who shall be orir joy an'd onr crown for ever. .. Therefore,. beloved,,brethren,! be 8teadfast;hrimriyabie, Lalways' abounding inthe work of the Kord-, forasmuch as ye krio'w' that your labor ;is~not in vain in the Lord." At .the conclusion, a discussion. tookr place, ih which the speakers detailed/ins' tarices in their own live'sj illustrating^tKe, best manner of I ac complishing j the.-object'songbt,. -=Mer'meeting clo3ed^';Witfi'singing'arid prayrir, ^To- day the business meetings'take placp.' 1 / ; 