ANNE HEREFORD. By the Author of "East Lynne." Chapter VIII. A week or two after the Paiera had settled themselves in Paris, I was escorted thither by a find of the Miss Barlious. The address given " was Avenue de St. Cloud, Commune de Passy We found it a good-looking, com Idi'o'us house, and my travelling protector Madame Barnadown, left meet the door A young girl came forward as I was shown into a "Are you Miss Hereford, the new gover nerves I think I bore had the pleasure of seeing you at Nurse," I answered, holding out my hand to her. " That I'm sure you've not. I never was at Nulle. It was Kate and Harriet wife went there with papa and mamma. I and Fanny and Grace came straight here last week from England, with nurse." Now, strange to say, it had never occurred to me or to the Miss BarlieiiB to ask Mrs. Peter, during the negotiations, how many pupils I should have. Two children were with them at Nurse, Kate and Harriet, and I never supposed that there were others j I believed those would be my only pupils. a How many are you, my dear ?" " Oh, we are five." "Am to teach you all ?" " Of course. There's nobody else to teach us. And we have two little brothers, but they are quite in the nursery." Had Mrs. Peter purposely concealed the number? or had it been the result of road verence The thought that came over me was, that were I engaging a governess for five pupils, I should take care to mention that there were five. They came flocking round me now, every one of them, high-spirited, romping girls, difficult of control, their ages varying from six to twelve. "Mamma and Papa are out, but I don't suppose they'll be long. Do you want to see mamma ?" "I shall be glad to see her." "Do you wish for anything to eat?" inquired Miss Paler. "You can have what you like : dinner or tea ; you have only to ring and order it. We have dined, and had tea also. Mamma has not but you don't take your meals with her. As she spoke, some noise was heard in the house, and they all ran out. It proved to be Mrs. Paler. She went up to her own sitting room, and thither I was summoned. " So you have got here safely, Miss Hero ford ?" was her salutation, spoken cordially enough. But she did not offer to shake hands with me. "I have been making acquaintance with my pupils, madam. I did not know there were so many." "Did you not? Oh, you forgot ; I have no doubt I mentioned it." I think not. I believed that the two Miss Peters I saw at Nullo were your only children." " My only children I Good gracious, Miss Hereford, what an idea! Why, I have seven! and have lost two, which made nine, and shall have more yet, for all I know. You will take the five girls ; five are as easily taught as two. I did not dispute the words. I had come, intending and hoping to do my duty to the very utmost extent, whether it might be much or little. Though certainly the five pupils did look formidable in prospective, considering that I should have to teach them everything, singing excepted. " I hope you will suit mc," went on Mrs. Peter. I have had many qualms of doubt since I engaged you. But I can't beat them into Mr. Peter j he turns round, and politely tells me they are rubbish, as any heathen might." " qualms of doubt as to my being but nineteen, or to my skill in music?" I asked. "Neither; your age I never made an objection, and I dare say your music will do very well for the present. But never mind now ; I dare say you will try and serve us conscientiously. Here's Mr. Peter." He came in, the same apparently shy, silent, portly man as at Hulle, in his gold spectacles. But he came up kindly to me, and shook hands. "Well, Miss Hereford, we are glad to see you. And what sort of weather have you had at Nullo since we left it in not very fine. Yesterday it poured with rain all day." " Ah. That would make it pleasant for travelling, though." " Yes ; it laid the dust." " Did you travel alone ?" " Oh, no ? the Miss Barlieus would not have allowed it. It is not etiquette in France for a young lady to go out even for a walk alone. An acquaintance of the Miss Barlious, Madame Bernadotte, who was journeying to Paris, accompanied me." Well, I hope you will be comfortable here," he concluded. " Xuaul; you ; I hope so." "And look here, I'll give you a hint. Just you get the upper hand of those children at once, or you'll never do it. They are like so many untrained costs. Nothing more was said. I had not been asked to sit, and supposed the silence was a hint that I must quit the room. Before I had got far, a servant came and said I was to go back to it. Mrs. Peter was alone thou, looking very solemn and dark. " Miss Hereford, you have been reared in seclusion, mostly in school, and probably know little of the convenances-tho exactions of social life'. Do not be offended if I set you right on a point I have no doubt you have erred, not from want of respect, but from lack of knowledge." What had I done ? Of course I said I should be obliged to her to set me right in anything which found wrong. ' You are a governess ; you hold a deponent situation in my house. Is it not so?" " Certainly it is," I answered, wondering much. " Then never forget that a certain amount of respect in manner is due to myself and to Mr. Palmer. I do not, of course wish to exact the deference a servant would give you must understand that; but there's a medium: a medium, Miss Hereford. To you, I and Mr. Peter are madam and sir,' and I beg that we may be always addressed as such." I curtsied and turned away, the burning color dyeing my face. It was my first lesson in dependence. But Mrs. Palor was right I and I felt vexed to have forgotten that I was only a governess. Misplaced rebellion rose in my heart, whispering that I was a lady bom j that my family was far higher in the social world than Mr. or Mrs. Palor's ; whispering, more over, that that lady was not a gentlewoman, and never could be one. But after a few minutes spent in sober reflection, common sense chased away my foolish thoughts, leaving in place a firm resolution never so to transgress again. From that hour, I took up my position bravely- the yielding, dependent, poor governess. But what a life of toil I entered upon ! and \- where were my dreams of Paris? Have you forgotten that they had visited me, in all their beautiful delusion ? I had not. Delusive hopes are always the sweetest. When I had stayed three months at Mrs. Palmer's, I had never once been into Paris further than the Champs Elysees. Save that we went every Sunday morning in a closed carriage to the Ambassador's chapel, I saw nothing of Paris. The streets may have been of crystal, the fountains of malachite marble, the houses of burnished gold, for all I witnessed of them and I believe my warm imagination had pictured something of the like resplendence There was no pleasure for me ; no going out ; my days were one lasting scene of toil I am not going to complain unjustly of Mrs. Paler's situation, or make it out worse than it was. It has become much the fashion of late years I may say a monia to set forth the sorrows and ill-treatment that governesses have to endure were the other side of the question to be taken up, it might be seen that ladies have as much to boar from governesses. There are good places and there are bad ones and there are admirable governesses, as well as undesirable and most incapable ones : perhaps the good and bad, on both sides, are about balanced. I was well-treated at Mr. Palmer's ; I had a generous diet, and a maid to wait upon me in conjunction with the two older girls. When they had visitors in an evening, I was admitted on an equality (at any rate to appearance) ; I had respect paid me by the servants and I was not found fault with by Mr. and Mrs. Peter. Could I desire better than this No. But I was overworked. Put it to yourself what it was, if you have any experience in teaching. Five girls, all in different stages of advancement, to learn everything, from German and good English down to needlework. The worst task was the music ; the drawing lessons I could give conjointly. All five learnt it, piano and harp, and two of them, the second and the youngest but one, were so wild and unsteady that they could not be trusted to practise one instant alone. I rose every morning at half-past 6 to begin the music lessons, and I was usually up until 12 or 1 o'clock the next morning correcting exercises, for I could not find time to do them during the day. "Make time" says somebody. I could only have made it by neglecting the children. " Our last governess never did a thing after 6 in the evening." Kate said to me one day. " You should not be so particular, Miss Hero ford." " But she did not get you on to your mamma's satisfaction." " No, indeed : mamma sent her away because of that. She did not care whether we advanced or not. All she cared for was to get the studies over anyhow." Just so : it had been eye service, as I could have told by their ignorance when I took the girls in hand. My dear mother had enjoined me differently : " Whatever you do, Anno, let it be done to the very best of your ability : do it as to God : as though his eye and car were over present with you." I appealed to Mrs. Peter telling her I could not continue to work as I was doing, and asking what could be done. "Oh, nonsense, Miss Hereford, you must be j a bad economiser of time," she answered. " The other governesses I have had did not complain of being overworked." " But, madam, did they do their duty ?" " Middling for that-but then they were incorrigibly lazy. We are quite satisfied with you, Miss Hereford, and you must manage your time so as to afford yourself more leisure." I suggested to Mrs. Peter that she should got help for part of the music lessons, but she would not hear of it j so I had to go on doing my best; but to do that best overtaxed my strength sadly. Mrs. Peter might have had more consideration : she saw that I merely went out one hurried walk in the week, perhaps, and the drive to church on Sunday. My pupils walked out every day, taken by one or other of the servants ; but they did not go together : two or three stayed with me while the rest went, and when they came back to me these went. Mrs. Peter insisted upon my giving an hour of music to each child daily, which made five horn 3 by for music alone. The confinement and the hard work, perhaps the broken spirits, began to tell upon me a nervous headaches come on, and I wrote to the Miss Barlicus, asking what I should do. I wrote the letter on a Sunday, I am sorry to say, failing time on a week day. None of us went abroad on a Sunday afternoon. Mrs. Peter protested that nothing but sin and galla wanting was to be seen out of doors on a French Sunday and once home from church, we were shut up for the rest of the day. She did not go out herself, or suffer anybody else to go Mr Peter excepted he took the reins in his own hands. The Miss Barlicus answered me sensibly j it was Miss Annette who wrote. " Put up with it to the close of your year from the time of entrance, she said. "It is never well for a governess to leave her situation before the year is up, if it can be avoided and were you to do so, some ladies might urge it as an objection to making another engagement with you. You are but young still. Give Mrs. Peter ample notice, three months, we believe, is the English usage and endeavor to part with her amicably. She must see that her situation is beyond your strength." I took the advice, and in June gave Mrs. Peter warning to leave, having entered her house in September. She was angry, and affected to believe I would not go. I asked her respectfully to put herself in idea in my place, and candidly say whether or not the work was too hard. She muttered something about "over-conscientiousness ¡" that I should get along better without it. Nothing more was said nothing satisfactory decided, and the time went on again to the approach of September. I wondered how I must set about looking out for another asylum ; I had no time to look out, no opportunity to go abroad, Mr. Peter Areas in England. " Miss Hereford, mamma told me to say that we shall be expected in the drawing-room to-night j you, and I, aud Harriot," observed Kate Paler to me one hot summer's day. " The Gordon's are coming and the do Mollissios." " What do Mollissios are those ?" I inquired the name striking upon my car with a thrill of remembrance. " What do Millissies are those ! why, they do Millissies," returned Kate, girl fashion. " She is young and very pretty ; I saw her when I was out with mamma in the carriage the other day." " Is sho English or French P" " English, I'll vow. No French tongue could speak English as she does." " When you answer in that free, abrupt man ner,Kato,yougroatlydispleaso me," I interposed. "It is most unladylike" Kate laughed ; said she was free spoken by nature, and it was of no use trying to be otherwise By habit, more than by nature, I told her, and I waited with impatience for the evening. It was Emily. Gay mannered, laughing, lovely as ever, she came into the saloon on her husband's arm, wearing a pink silk dress and wreath of roses. Alfred do Mellissio looked ill at least, he was paler and thinner than in the old days at Nurse. She either did not or would not remember me ; as the evening drew on, I felt sure that she did not, for she spoke cordially enough to me, though as to an utter stranger, It happened that we were quite alone once, in the recess of a window, and I interrupted what she was saying about a song. " Have you quite forgotten me, Madame de Mellissio?" " Forgotten you !" she returned, with a quick glance "I never know you, did I ?" " In the years gone by, when you were Miss Chandos. I am Anne Hereford." A puzzled gaze at me, and then she hid her face in her hands, its penitent expression mixed with laughter. " Never say a word about that naughty time, if you love me ! everybody says it should be buried five fathoms deep. I ought to have known you, though, for it is the same gentle face ; the steady eyes, and the long eye lashes, and the honest good sense and the sweet smile But you have grown out of all knowledge And so you are a governess, Miss Here- ford!" "Yes," I bravely avowed. " You must come and see me. Alfred, here's an old schoolfellow of mine. I dare say you'll remember for." M. de Mellissio came at the call, and was talk- ing to me for the rest of the evening. The following morning was an eventful one I had quitted the Bckoobroom for a moment to read a letter in my own, just come by the early post. It was from Miss Barlicu. A very kind letter, telling me to go back to them while I looked out for a fresh situation, should I not get one before leaving Mrs. Peter. Suddenly the door opened, and Mrs. Palor came in without any ceremony of knocking, her face white, and an open letter in her hand. She looked scared, fierce j agitation impending for free utterance " Here's news !" she brought out at length, her voice rising to a scream, " here's news to come upon me like a thunderbolt! Does he expect me to live through it ?" " Oh, Mrs. Palor, what has happened ? You look ill and terrified. You have had bad tidings ! Will you not tell them to me ?" " What else have I come for him to tell you ?" she retorted, speaking in a tone that betrayed as much danger as distress. " I went to the study after you and frightened the girls ; they were for following me here, so I locked them in. I must tell some one, or my feelings will burst bounds ; they always were of a demonstrative nature. Not Uko his, the sly, quiet for My fears Kew to Mr. Parker. He had been in England some time now, ever since the middle of May. Though I did not understand her anger, or the last words. "You have heard from Mr. Palor, madam!" I uttered. " Some harm has happened to him !" " Harm ! yes, it has. Harm to me and my children, though more than to him. Mabs Hereford, he has just gone and ruined himself." *' " How ?" I asked, fooling grieved and puzzled. " It was always his mania, that turf-gambling, and as a young man he got out of thousands of it. I thought how it would be I declare I did when he became restless hero in Paris, just before the Epsom Meeting, and at last went off to it You'll drop some hundreds over it, if you do go, I said to him Not I was his retort, ' since I have had children to drop hundreds over, I don't spare them for racehorses.' A wicked, reckless man !" " And has he dropped the hundreds, madam?" " Hundreds !" she shrieked and then, looking covertly around the room, as if fearful others might be listening, she sunk her voice to a whisper: "Hehaslost thirty thousand pounds." " Oh !" I exclaimed, in my horror. Mrs. Peter wrung her hands. " Thirty thousand pounds, every pound of it and I hope remorse will haunt him to his dying day ! Epsom, Ascot, Goodwood-I know not how many other courses he has visited this summer, and has better frantically at all. The mania was upon him again, and so could not stop himself. He is lying ill now at Doncaster, at one of the inns there, and his brother writes ; he tells me they dare not conceal the facts any longer." "Shall you not go over to him, madam?" "I go over to him she retorted j " I would not go to him if he were dying. But that my children are his, I would never live with him again ¡ I would never notice kim : I would get a divorce, if practicable, but for their sakes, You look shocked, Miss Hereford ¡ but you. an unmarried girl, cannot realize the blow in all its extent. Do you think a man has any right wilfully to bring disgrace and misery upon his wife and children ?" " Oh, madam-no to " It is my punishment come home to me," she wildly exclaimed. They told me how it would be, sooner or later, if I persisted in marrying James Lalor ., but I would not listen to them. My mother and sisters will say it serves me right." I heard the children squealing and kicking at the school-room door, and did not dare to go to them, " It is next door to ruin," said Mrs. Palor ) " it will take from us more than half our in come and present debt and embarrassment it must bring. Ah t see how some things-triiloB -happen sometimes for the best ! I thought it a great misfortune to lose you, but I am glad of it now, for I am sure I can no longer afford an expensive governess. Nor many servants, either. Ob, woes me.!" I stood looking at her distress with great pity, ft feeling that Mr. Peter must be next kin to a madman. And yet I had liked him he was most affectionate to his children, and solicitous for the comfort of his household. Mrs. Peter seemed to become suddenly awake to the uproar. She darted to the school-room, scolded one, boxed another, locked the door upon them again, and came back to me. I had better settle things with you at once Miss Hereford. If I take it in my head, I may go off to my family in England at a minute's notice, there's no knowing, Your time here will expire in a fortnight ?" "Yes." I had intended to offer an increased salary, if you would stay on-but that's all out of the question now. I suppose you have no settled plans ; no fresh situation to go to ?" " Madam, it has not been in my power to look out for one." "True. Yet it is better that you should go. I don't know what may become of us in future : where we shall live, or what we shall deport haps go to some obscure place in Germany, or Scotland, or Wales, and economise : anywhere, that it's cheap. I wonder that such men, who deliberately bring ruin on their families, are permitted to live ! But now we must try and find you another situation." " Perhaps Madame de Mollissio may know of something, and I think she would interest her self for me, if I know how to see her." " You can go and see her," replied Mrs. Palor; "you can go to-day, and call upon her. My maid shall take you. Never mind the studios : I feel as if I should not care if the girls never learnt anything again-with this blow upon them." I did not wait for a second permission the thought that Emily do Mcllissio might help me to a fresh situation had been floating in my mind all night. She was well connected in England ; she was in the best society in Paris and she was good natured. I proceeded to the hotel (as it was called) of old Madame de Mollissio, for it was her house, and her son and daughter-in-law lived with her. Emily was at home, surrounded by morning collars, quite a crowd of them. She looked intensely surprised at seeing me ; was, or I fancied it, rather distant and haughty in manner and pointing to a chair, desired me to wait. Did she deem I had presumptuously included as one of those morning collers ? Very humbly I waited until the last had gone ; schooling my self to remember that I was but a poor governess while she was Madame Alfred do Mollissio, nee Miss Chandos, of Chandos " " And so you have soon come to pay me a visit, Miss Hereford !" " I have come as a petitioner rather than as a visitor, Madame de Mollissic. Can you spare me five minutes ?" " I can spare you too if you like, now those loungers are gone." I forthwith told my tale. That I was leaving Mrs. Paler's, where I was overworked that I had thought it possible she might know of some situation upon ; if so, would she kindly recommend me P " The idea, Anno Hereford, of your coming to me upon such an errand !" was for laughing answer. " As if I troubled myself about vacant situations ! There is a rumor current in Paris this morning that James Palmer has been idiot enough to go and ruin himself on the turf. That he has lost a great deal of money is certain, for the newspapers allude to it in a manner not to be mistaken. Thank goodness, Alfred lins no weakness that way, though he is empty headed enough. Is it not a dreadful life, that of a governess ?" " At Mrs. Puler'a it has been one of incessant toil. I hope to go where the duties will be lighter. It is not the life I like, or would have chosen ; but I must bend to circumstances." "That's true enough. I will ask all my friends in Paris if they-. By the way," she abruptly broke off, speaking with slow delibera- tion, "I wonder whether if you should be found suitable whether you would like Soho thing else ?" I made no reply ; only waited for her to explain herself. " The case is this, Miss noroford," she resumed, assuming a light manner. " I thought of going to Chandos on a visit; my husband was to have conducted mo thither, but Madame do Mcllissio has been ailing, and Alfred says it would not do to leave her. This morning we had a dispute over it. There's nothing much the matter with her j were sho in danger, it would be a different matter, but it's quite unreasonable to keep me away from Chandos for nothing but this. Monsieur Alfred grow vexed, said he should not quit her, and moreover did not himself, feel well enough to travel, for he has a sort of French favor hanging over him. They are always getting it, you know. I am sick of hearing one say to another, ' J'ai In five aujourd'hui !' Then I said I should go without him With great pleasure,' he com placently replied, provided I would engage a lady as companion, but he should not trust me alone. Complimentary to my discretion, was it not ?" I could not deny it-in a certain sense. " But the bargain was made; it was indeed. I am to look out for a companion, and then I may be off the next hour to England, destina- tion Chandos. Would you like to take the place of A thousand thoughts flow over me at the abrupt question, crowding my mind, dyeing my cheeks. The prospect, at the first glance, appeared like a haven of rest after Mrs. Palor's. But-what would be my duties and was a comparative child, fit for the post ? Should I be deemed fit by Monsieur de Mollissio ? " What should I have to do ?" I asked. " What I please," she answered. " You must excuse me when I am tired, road to me when I feel inclined to listen, play to me when I wish be ready to go out when I want you, give orders to my maid for me, write my letters when I am too idle to do it, and post yourself at my side to play propriety between this and Chandos. Those are the onerous duties of a dame de com pagnie, are they not but I have no experience in the matter. Could you undertake them ?" She spoke all this curiously, in a haughty tone, but with a smile on her face. I did not know how to take it. " Are you speaking seriously, Madame de Mollissio ?" " Of course I am. Stay, though. About the payment? I could not afford to give much, for my purse has a hole at both ends of it, and I am dreadfully poor. I suppose you have had a high salary at Mrs. Palor's ?" " Sixty guineas." " Oh, don't talk of it she claimed, stopping her ears. "I wish I could give it is but I never could squeeze out more than twenty. Anno, I will make a bargain with you : go with me to Chandos, stay with me during my visit there ; it will not last above a week or two and when we return here, I will get you a more lucrative situation. For the time you are with me, I will give you what I can afford, and of course pay your travelling expenses !" With the word " Anno," she had gone back to the old familiar manner of our school-days. I accepted the offer willingly, subject, of course, to the approval of Monsieur de Mellissio j and very doubtful in my mind whether it would be carried out. As to the payment-what she said seemed reasonable enough, and money were but little value in my eyes ; I had not then found out its uses. Provided I had enough for my ordinary wants, it was all I cared for; and a large sum was due to me from Mrs. Palor. Somewhat to my surprise, M. de Mollissio approved of me as his wife's companion, paying me a compliment on the occasion. "You are young, Mademoiselle Hereford, but I can see you are one fully to be trusted : I confide my wife to you." "I will do what I can, sir." "Youlaugk at my saying that tiling," he said, speaking in his sometimes rather odd English. " You think my wife can better take care of you, than you of her. " I am younger than she is." "That goes without telling, mademoiselle You look it. The case is this," he added, in a confidential tone. " It is not that my wife wants protection on her journey ; she has her femme de chambre ; but because I do not think they would like to see her arrive alone at Ckan dos. My lady is difficult." The permission to depart accorded, Madame do Mollissio was all impatience to set off, I bought a dress or two, but she would not allow me time to got them made, and I had to take them unmade Though I was going to OhandoB as a humble companion, I could not forget that my birth would have entitled me to go as a visitor, and wished to dress accordingly. The foolish girl that I was I spent my money down to one Napoleon and some silver ; it was not very much I had by me and then Mrs. Palor, to my intense consternation, told me it was not convenient to pay me my salary. She owed me thirty guineas. I had received the first thirty at the termination of the halfyear: it was all sport, including what I had laid out now. I appealed to Mrs. Palor's good feeling, showing my needy state In return, she appealed to mine. " My dear Miss Hereford, I have not got it. Until remittances shall reach me from Mr. Pater I am very short. You do not require money for your journey, Madame Alfred do Mellissio pays all that, and I will remit it to you are you have been many days at Chandos. You will not, I am sure, object so far to oblige a poor dis troBsed woman." What answer could I give ? On a lovely September morning we started for Boulogne-sur-Mer, Madame Alfred do Mollissio) I, and her maid Pauline. M. do Mollissio saw us off at the station. " I would have run down to Boulogne to put you on board the boat, but that I do not feel well enough ; my favorites very bad to-day, he said to me and his wife. She took no notice of of the words, but I saw they were Into : his pale, thin face had a hectic red upon it, his hand, meeting mine in the action, burnt me through my glove " Madame de Molliseio, your husband certainly has an attack of fever, I said, as the train started. " Ah, yes, no doubt the French, as I previously observed, are subject to it. But it never comes to anything." Chapter IX. chandos. The station of Melton, some fifty miles journey from London, on the Great Western Line, and two from Chandos, lay hot and bright in the September sun. It was afternoon when we reached it. Madame de Mollissio had preferred to stay a night in London, and go on the next day at leisure A handsome close carriage was in waiting outside the station, its three attendants wearing the Chandos livery, its panels bearing the arms of the Chandos family, surmounted by the badge of England's baronet age, the bloody hand. The servants lifted their hands to their hats, and respectfully welcomed Madame do Mellissio. " Is mamma well ?" she inquired of them, "Quite well, madam." " And my brother ? Why is he not here ?" " Mr. Chandos, madame, was obliged to attend a county meeting." " Those ponderous county meetings. !" shore torted. " And they never do any good. Stop in, Miss Hereford." We were soon driving along. Pauline sat to hand with one of the footman, the other remained to bring on the luggage. Madame de Mellissio looked out on the points of road as we passed, with all the glee of a child. "This is my second visit only to Chandos since my marriage For two years mamma was implacable, and would not see me; but last your she relented, and I came here for a little while I don't believe, though, mamma will ever forgive me in her heart. I am sorry for it now." " Sorry for having having married as you did ?" " Ay, I am. Those rebellious marriages never bring back. They can't, you know ; only, girls are so thoughtless and stupid.- I made my own bed, and must go on it : it is not be bad as it might have been but-of course, all that's left is to make the best of it. Alfred says we should got on better if we had children. I say we should not. And there, in the distance, you see the chimneys of Chandos. Look, Anno !" She was wayward in her moods ; wayward to me as to others. Sometimes, during our past journey, she would be distantly polite, calling me " Miss Hereford :" the next moment open and cordial as ever she had been at school That she had thrown herself away in a worldly point of view, marrying as abode, was indispu- table, and Emily Chandos was not one to for- got it. Chandos was a long, low, red brick house, with gables and turrets to its two end wings, and a small turret in the middle, which gave it a somewhat gothic appearance. It was but two stories high, and struck me us looking low, not elevated, perhaps partly from its length. No steps ascended to the house the lower rooms were on a level with the ground outside. It was a sort of double house ; two servants' rooms kitchens, and chambers, all looking to the back, where there was a separate entrance Extensive grounds lay around it, but they were so crowded with trees, except just close to the house, as to impart a weird-like, gloomy appearance ; they completely shut Chandos blouse from the view of the world beyond, and the beyond world from the view of Chandos. A pretty trellised portico was at the entrance, jessamine, roses, and clematis entwined themselves round it, extending even to the windows on either hand. Before the carriage had wall stopped, a gentleman rode upon horseback, followed by a groom. He threw himself from his horse, and come to the carriage door. "Back just in time to receive you, Emily. How are you, my dear ?" " She jumped lightly from the carriage, and he was turning away with her when he saw me. His look of intense surprise was curious to be hold, and he stopped in hesitation. Emily spoke for tone a slighting one, almost dis- paraging. " It is only my companion. Would you be Hove it, Harry, Alfred took a prudent fit, and would not suffer me to travel alone ? So I on good Miss Hereford. She was in quest of a situation and we knew each other in days gone by." He assisted me from the carriage. It was the same fine man I had seen some years before at Mndomoisollo Barliou's the same pale country house, with its delicate features and rather sad expression ; the same sweet voice. He then gave his arm to his sister, and I followed them to the sitting-room. They called it the oak parlor ; a large, square room, somewhat dark, its colors harmoniously blending, and its windows shaded with the trained clematis and jessamine It was the favorite sitting-room at Chandos j other reception-rooms there were a gorgeous double drawing-room, a well-stored library, a spacious dining-room; but the oak parlor was the favorite. And none could wonder at it for it was just one of those seductive apartments that speak to the feelings of repose " Whoro's momma ?" exclaimed Emily, as we entered. " Not far ; she will be here directly, you may- be sure," replied Mr. Chandos. a Is this your first visit to our part of the country, Miss Hereford ?" " Yos ; I never was here before." Now what was there in this reply to offend Madame de Mollissio ? or did she resent his speaking to me at all She turned round, haughty pride stamped on every line of her countenance, rebuke on her tongue : though the rebuke loy in the tone, rather than in the words. " Miss Hereford ! the gentleman to whom you speak is Mr. Chandos." Hod I again committed the sign of my depon dont situation, the " sir ?" I, who had resolved, with my burning face (burning again now), never so to offend for the future. I supposed that that was the meaning of Madame de MollisBio ; I suppose be still, to this hour. I had spoken as though I were the equal of Mr. Chandos: I must not-I would not-so offend again. " Emily, my love, you are welcome" A little woman had entered the room, and was holding Madame de Mollissio in her arms. It was Lady Chandos. She wore a small and pretty widow's cap of not a rich but soft black silk dress, and black lace mittens. Her nose was sharp, and her small face had a permanent redness, the result of disturbed health. She was not like her daughter, not half so beautiful and she was not like her handsome son, unless it was in the subdued, Bad expression. She quite started back when her eyes fell on me, evidently not prepared to see a stranger. "Mabs Ucroforâ, mamma; a young lady whom I have engaged as companion. Alfred would not suffer me to travel alone." Lady Chandos turned to me with a pleasant smile, but it struck me as being a forced one. " I think you look more fit to take care of Miss Horoford, Emily, than Miss Hereford of you," she said. "I am the order by some two or three yours, if you mean that, mamma. Oh! it was just a whim of Alfred's." Moro questioning on either side ; just the information sought for when relatives mood after a long absence. Emily answered carelessly and lightly and I sat behind unnoticed. Hill was called. Hill was still at Chandos, lady's maid and house-keeper, a confidential servant. She came forward, wearing a dark brown gown and handsome black silk apron, her grey hair banded under her close white cap. Lady Chandos spoke with her in an undertone, most likely consulting what chamber I should be placed in for Hill turned her eyes upon me, and looked cross. A wide staircase, its balustrades of carried I oak, gilded in places, wound up to the rooms above. A gallery, lighted from above, run along this upper floor, from wing to wing, paintings lining it. It seemed as if those wings had some time been added to the house, for they were of a different style of architecture. A green-house door shut them out from the gallery. Beyond this was a narrow corridor, and then a double door of stout oak, which formed the real entrance to the wings, the same on both sides. What rooms might be within them, I did not yet know. Each wing had a staircase of communication between its upper and lower floors, and also a small door of egress to the grounds on the sides of the house, where the trees grow very thick. In the east wing (the house, you must understand, facing the south this lower outer door was kept looked and barred-to all intents and purposes, closed up in the west wing, which was inhabited exclusively by Lady Chandos, the door was simply locked, and could be opened inside at will e, though no one ever made use of it but herself, and she very rarely. Several rooms opened from the gallery to the front all of them bed-chamber, except one that was the library. The library was the room next to the east wing. Opposite to it was a door opening to a room that looked back, level with the north rooms in the east wing, and also with the rooms at the back of the gallery. A similar room opened from the gallery at the other end. In fact, the house was built in uni- form one end the same as the other. Between the doors of these two rooms the wall of the gallery ran unbroken ; there was, in fact no communication whatever, as regards the upper rooms, between the back portion of the house and the front. And now for the ground-floor. The portico was not in the middle of the house, but near to the east wing ; one room only, the large dining room, that seemed to be never used, lying be tween. The hall was rather small, lighted only with pointed windows, and shut in, the pork-pie for being on the left hand as you entered. Two doors at the book of the hall and, the one to the handsome staircase, the other to the kitchens and other domestic rooms belonging to the household. A spacious corridor, underneath the gallery above, branched off from the hall by means of an open archway behind the oak-par lor, and ran along the house and the various reception-rooms, all looking front, opened from it. Two magnificent drawing-rooms, communicating at will, and a study or morning-room, chiefly used by Mr. Chandos. A passage at the other end of the corridor led to the rooms at the back; but there was no communication whatever on this lower floor with the wings. The doors in the hall, leading to the stairs and to the servants' offices, as often as not stood upon during the day. Lady Chandos sat chiefly in the west wing ; always when she wished to be alone. And I think that is all that need be said at present in regard to the in-door features of the house. The description has not been given unnecessarily. Hill marshalled me up the staircase It had been decided that I was to have the " blue room." The stairs terminated in a wide landing. The library and the east wing lay to the right, the long gallery on the left. Hill passed two chamber doors, and opened a third, that of the bed-room. It was as little calculated for immediate occupation as any room can well be the whole of the furniture being covered up with clean sheets of iron, except the blue silk window hangings. Madame de Moonshee had the room next to it, and I could hear her talk- ing in it with her mother. Hill surveyed mat tors, and gave a sort of grunt. _" Ugh ! I thought the maids lind uncovered this room yesterday : as I've just told my lady. They must have hurried over their cleaning pretty quick. Please to stop this way, miss. If you'll wait here a few minutes, I'll have things arranged." She went back along the gallery, opened the door of the first bedroom on this side the stair- case, and showed me in. It was a very pretty room, not large ; its hangings and curtains of delicate chintz, lined with pale rose color, and its furniture not covered up, but as evidently not in occupation. I wondered why they could not put me in that. The window was wide open. I untied my bonnet and stood there, Hill closing the door and going down stairs, no doubt to call up the housemaids. With the exception of the gravel drive below, and the green lawn in front of it, its velvet softness dotted with the brightest flowers, the place seemed to look upon nothing but trees, inter seated with gloomy walks. Trees of all sorts low as dwarf shrubs, high as towering poplars, dark green, light green, bright green. The walks branched everywhere one in particular, just opposite my window, looked very gloomy, shaded as it was by dark pine trees I found afterwards that it was called the Pine Walk. Why the place should have struck upon me with a gloom I can hardly tell ; other people might have seen nothing to justify the impression. " Chandos bus need to live in a world of its own, I thought, " for assuredly it is shut in from all view of (the outer world." There arose a sound as of some one softly whistling. It came from the adjacent library window, which must have been open the same as mine. I did not like to come forward and look. Another moment, and the whistling erased ; some one else appeared to have entered the room, and voices in conversation Buporvoned. They were those of Lady Chandos and her son, and became an involuntary bourer of what troubled me much. "This is one of Emily's wild notions," said Lady Chandos. " She knows quite enough of our unhappy secrets to be sure that a stranger is not wanted at Chandos." "Look for the most improbable thing in the world, mother, before you look for discretion or thought in Emily, was the reply of Mr. Chandos. "But this is but a girl, unsuspicious naturally from her age and sex : Emily might have introduced a more dangerous inmate. And it may happen (but-" "I know what you would urge, Hurry," in corrupted the voice of Lady Chandos. " But there is no certainty. There cannot be and it is most unfortunate that Emily should have brought her here. Every night, night by night as they come round, I lie awake shivering ; if the wind does but move the cross, I sturt ; if an owl shrieks forth its dreary note, I almost shriek with it. You know what we have cause to expect. And for a stranger to be sleeping in the house !" " Yes, It is certainly unfortunate" " It is more than that it is dangerous. Hurry, I have never, I hope, done a discourteous thing, but it did occur to me to put this young girl to sleep on the servants' side of the house I think her being so ladylike in appearance saved her from it, not my good manners. I don't know what to be at." Mr. Chandos made no reply. " I wish I had done it !" resumed Lady Chandos. " But there's another thing Emily might object and to have any fuss would be worse than all. Still, look at the risk the stakes Is it too late, do you think, Hurry? Would it do to change her room now?" " My dear mother, you are the best judge, observed Mr. Chandos. " I should not change the room if I could possibly avoid it the young lady might consider it in the light of an indignity. Emily introduced her in a slighting sort of manner ; but her looks are refined, her manners those of a gentlewoman." " Yes that's true" " How long does Emily think of remaining ?" " he says two weeks. But she is uncertain as the wind. How could she think of bringing a stranger ?" " Have you told her all why it is just now particularly undesirable ?" " No, She never has been told. And I hope and trust she may be gone again before before trouble comes." " Quite right ; I should not tell her. Well, mother, as you ask my opinion, I say things had better remain as arranged ; let the young lady occupy the blue- room. How cross Hill looked over it !" " Not without cause I cannot think how Emily can have been so senseless. It is just as if she had planned the annoyance bringing her home without writing! Had she written, I should have forbids it." " Let us hope that nothing will happen." " Harry, we cannot answer for it. Again, on Ethel's account a stranger in the house is not desirable. Emily might have thought of that." The voices ceased I supposed the speakers quitted the library and down I sat, overwhelmed with shame and consternation To be introduced in this unwelcomomannorintoahouBO, bringing annoyance and discomfort to its inmates, seemed to me little less than merino ; I could scarcely have felt more guilty but I committed one And what was the mystery That something or other was amiss in the family was all cooeys dont. " Have they got a ghost hero ?" I said to myself in peevishness. Involuntarily the long post words of Anne to Burliou flashed into my mind and I had never thought of them since they were spoken. " There is always a cloud hanging over Chandos. They do not care to have a governess residing there, Miludi said it to me." Then what was the cloud? what was the fear ? Hill come in again, saying I was to keep the chintz-room. Lady Chandos, in passing just now along the gallery to her own apartments in the west wing, saw for the first time that the blue room was not really. So it was decided between her and Hill that I should occupy the okinU The luggage was brought up, and I began to dress for dinner. A question occurred to me are companions expected to dress, in the wide sense of the term ? I really did not know, in my experience. My book entitled me to do so . but did my position ? A minute a hesita- tion told me I was a guest at Chandos, treated and regarded us one, and might appear accordingly. So I put on a pretty low blue silk, with my necklace of real pearls, that had once been mamma's, round my neck, and the pale blue enamelled bracelet with the pearl clasps. I had been obliged to dress a good deal at Mrs, Palor s in the evening a and-to confess the truth I liked it. (TO DRCONTIKl'KU.) 