The Novelist. ANNE HEREFORD. CHAPTER XXV. "HE HAS ESCAPED ME." BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE." LITTLE was Edwin Barley prepared for the sight which met his eyes. On the bed, laid out in his shroud, sleeping the peaceful sleep of death, was the emaciated form of George Heneage Chandos. Mr. Edwin Barley gazed at him, and the perspiration broke out on his forehead. "By heaven ! he has escaped me !" "He has escaped all the foes of this world," answered Sir Harry, lowly and reverently. "He it at rest from persecution; and we are at rest from suspense and anxiety." "It has destroyed my life's aim," observed Mr. Edwin Barley. "And with it your thirst for revenge. When a man pursues another with the persistent hatred that you have pursued him, it can be called no- thing less than revenge." "Revenge! What do you mean? He did commit the murder." "His hand was the hand that killed Philip King ; but it was not intentional murder. He never knew exactly—at the time or since—how he fired the gun, save that his elbow caught against the branch of a tree when the gun was on cock. Some movement of his own undoub- tedly caused it; he knew that; but not a wilful one. He asserted this with his dying lips before taking the Sacrament." "Wilful or not wilful, he murdered Philip King," insisted Mr. Edwin Barley. "And has paid for it. The banned life he has been obliged to live since was surely an ex- piation. His punishment was greater than he could bear ; it was prolonged and prolonged, and his heart broke." Mr. Edwin Barley had his eyes fixed on the dead face, possibly tracing the likeness to the handsome young man of nine or ten yean ago. "Of other crime towards you he was inno- cent," pursued Sir Harry. "He never injured you or yours ; there might have been folly in his heart in the heyday of his youth and spirits ; there was no sin. You have been unreasonably vindictive." "I say no," returned Mr. Edwin Barley, striving to suppress an emotion that was rising and would not be suppressed. "Had I ever injured George Heneage, that he should come into my home and make it desolate ? What had my wife or my ward done to him that be should take their lives ? He killed both of them : the one deliberately, the other indirectly, for her very death arose out of the trouble. Charlotte Delves—Mrs. Penn now, of whom you complain—lost her only relative, saving myself, when she lost Philip King. And for me ? I was left in that same desolate home, bereft of all I cared for, left to go through life alone. Few men have loved a wife as I loved mine : she was my one little ewe-lamb, Harry Chandos. Vindictive ! Think of my wrongs." Looking there at each other, the dead face lying between them, it might be that both felt there was much to forgive. Certainly Harry Chandos had never until that moment realized the misery it had brought to Edwin Barley. "I see ; we have all alike suffered. But he who caused the suffering is beyond reproach now." "As things have turned out, the game is yours, Sir Harry," said Mr. Edwin Barley, who was too much a man of the world to persist in denying him the title, now he found it was be- yond dispute his. "For my actions I am ac- countable to none; and were the time to come over again, I should do as I have done." He turned to quit the room as he spoke, and Mr. Chandos followed him downstain. A word exchanged at their foot caused Mr. Barley to inquire what it was Mrs. Penn had done ; and then Sir Harry gave him the full particulars, with the additional information that she was assumed to have been acting for him Edwin Barley. "She was not," said Mr. Barley, shortly. "I knew nothing of this. Placed in the house by me, Sir Harry ! She placed herself in the house, as I conclude ; certainly I did not place her." "You have met her in secret in the grounds." "I have met her accidentally, not secretly. Twice, I think it was : or three times, I am not sure. She chose to repeat things to me ; I did ask for them. Not that they were of any worth —as the unmolested retirement of George Heneage have proven." "Has your wife's will ever been found ?" asked Sir Harry, speaking upon impulse. "What is that to you ?" asked Mr. Edwin Bailey, turning to face him. "Do you wish to insinuate that I suppressed the will ?" "No." "You would like me to make a merit of generosity, and offer Miss Hereford a present of the money," continued Mr. Edwin Barley, a ring of mockery in his tones. "By no means," hastily replied Sir Harry. "Miss Hereford's future position in life will preclude her feeling the want of it. You in- formed me the last time I had the honour of speaking to you, that you were Miss Hereford's only relative : as such, allow me to acquaint you with the fact that she is to be my wife. "I expected it would end in that," was Mr. Edwin Barley's answer. "And I tell you honestly that I would have removed her from here in time to prevent it, had it been in my power. I liked the child ; my wife loved her; and I had rather she married any one in the world than a Chandos. It is too late now." "Quite too late. Although I am a Chandos, I shall hope to make her happy, Mr. Edwin Barley. I will do my best for it." And thus the interview ended. Chapter XXVI BACK FOR AYE AT CHANDOS "Le diable n'est pas si noir que l'on dit," runs the idiomatic saying in France. We have it also in English, as the world of course knows; but it sounds better—that is, less wrong—to give it in the former language. We girls at school there said it often ; had one of us ven- tured on the English sentence at Miss Fenton's, that lady's eyes would have grown round with horror. It might be applied to Mr. Edwin Barley. Looking back dispassionately, bringing reason to bear on the retrospect, I could not trace one single act or word in him that would justify me in having thought him so bad a man. Taking the colouring from my first view of him, when his dark and certainly ugly face peeped out from the avenue at Hallam, frightening me terribly; and from the dreadful events that fol- lowed, in which my childish imagination mixed him up in the worst actor, this prejudice had lived and grown in my mind. He had really done nothing to merit it. There was the ab- stracted will, but it was not proved that he had taken it ; probably he had not. I had been too young to realise the terrible blow brought upon him through George Heneage. And, as we got to know later, the vindictive feeling with which he had pursued him through all these years had its rise in self- defence, as well as in a desire to inflict punishment. The semi-doubt cast, or to himself seeming to be cast, on Mr. Edwin Bar- ley at the time, in the remarks that he had been the only one to profit, and that largely, by Philip King's death, had rankled in his mind, implanting there a burning anxiety, apart from other considerations, to bring to light the real criminal. For his own part, he had never for a moment doubted that it had been intentional, deliberate, cruel murder. And I have grown to think that the exaggeration he imparted to Philip King's dying words arose unwittingly in the confusion of the moment; that he was not conscious he did so exaggerate. A passive listener hears words more clearly than an actor. Altogether, the "diable" was not so black as my fancy had painted him; indeed, I began, as days went on, to doubt whether the word would apply to Mr. Edwin Barley at all. One does not grow wise in an hour; no, not even in a year : youth clings to its prejudices, and it takes experience, and age, and sober judgment to sub- due them. Mr. Edwin Barley went home after quiting Chandos. Seated there, her things off, and a luncheon-tray before her, with no trace of her luggage to be seen, was Charlotte Delves—Mrs. Penn of late years. Was she intending to take up her present quarters at his house ? the ques- tion mentally occurred to Mr. Edwin Barley, and it did not tend to his gratification. Not if he knew it : he had not been upon cordial terms with Charlotte Delves for years ; and what he had now heard of her line of conduct at Chan- dos had vexed him. There must be a word or two of retrospect. Shortly after Selina's death, Mr. Edwin Barley went abroad. Not a place on the European continent but he risked, one feverish object alone swaying him—the discovery of George Heneage. The detective police were at work in England with the same view : all in vain. At the end of three years he came back home; and almost close upon it there occurred some rupture between him and Charlotte Delves, who had remained at Hallam all that time as the house's mistress. People thought she cherished visions of becoming the house's bona fide mistress, its master's wife ; if so, she was lamentably mistaken. Mr. Edwin Barley was wedded to Selina and her memory; he had no intention of exalting another into her place. Whether Charlotte Delves found out this in too sudden a manner ; whether the cause was totally unconnected with this, certain it was a rupture occurred ; and Charlotte threw up the house- keeping, and quitted the house. She took the same kind of service with an elderly man, a con- nection also, of the name of Penn, who had a young daughter, Lotta. Subsequently Char- lotte Delves married him, and very shortly after- wards was called upon to bury him. The young girL Lotta, by whom her stepmother seemed to have done a good part, died within a year; and Mrs. Penn, left with a slender income, chose to go out in the world again. She became com- panion to a lady, and the years passed on. Time softens most things. Mrs. Penn grew to forget her fleeting marriage, and with it the episodes of her middle life; and went back to her own likings and prejudices. Her heart's allegiance to Edwin Barley returned ; she was of his kin, and the wrongs inflicted by George Heneage, temporarily forgotten, resumed all their sway within her. While she was at Mar- den (travelling about from place to place with Mrs. Howard), some accidental occurrence caused her to suspect that George Heneage, in- stead of being abroad, was in concealment in England, and within a drive of Chandos. She at once wrote news of this to Mr. Edwin Bar- ley, with whom she had held no communication since the advent of a letter of his at her marriage. It caused him to remove himself, and four or five of his household, to the vicinity of Chandos. Then he took up his abode, and spent his time watching the house and the movements of Mr. Chandos, in the hope to gain some clue to the retreat of George Hene- age. With this exception, his watching—which caused him to stroll at unorthodox hours into the groves and private paths, to peer in at win- dows by night—his watching was inoffensive. Mrs. Penn, on her side, seized on the oppor- tunity afforded by Mrs. Freeman's illness (it was as though fortune favoured her), and got into Chandos. My presence in it might have been a serious countercheck, only that I did not re- cognise her. She did not recognise me in that first interview, not until the day when I sent in my name at Mrs. Marden's. Of course Mrs. Penn's object after that was to keep me in ig- norance. She had really been to Nulle for a week or two ; it was the autumn I first went there, had seen me at church with the school, and so tried to pursuade me it was there I had seen her. Much as she wanted me away from Chandos in the furtherance of her own ends, cruel as were the means she used to try to effect it, she had, strange to say, taken a liking for me ; and in her dislike to Mr. Chandos she had not much cared what wild untruths she told me of him, hoping to separate us effectually. Of her effecting an entrance into Chandos as companion, Edwin Barley knew nothing. After she was settled there she looked out for him, and waylaid him in the grounds. With the change in Mn. Penn's person, and the remark- able change in her hair, Mr. Edwin Barley had some difficulty in believing it to be Charlotte Delves. The hair was an unhappy calamity. Mrs. Penn, beguiled by fashion and confidential advertisements to wish to turn her light flaxen hair to gold colours, had experimented upon it : the result was not gold, but a glowing, perma- nent, scarlet-red. She told him she was watch- ing at Chandos for his sake. Mr. Edwin Bar- ley, an implacable man when once offended, was cool to her, declining, in a sense, to accept her services. If she made discoveries that could assist in the tracking of George Heneage, well and good ; she might bring them to him : and so the interview ended. Mrs. Penn might have made a discovery to some purpose but for two things. The one was that she was a real coward, and believed the ghost, haunting the pine-walk, to be a ghost : the other was that she took up a theory of her own in regard to the west wing ; she assumed that Lady Chandos had become mad ; to this she set down all the mystery enacted in it ; and this view she imparted to Mr. Edwin Barley. He neither asked her to bring tales to him, nor encouraged her to do it ; if she worked, she worked of her own accord ; and his doors re- mained closed to her. At least Mrs. Penn did not choose to try whether they would be open. Until this day: and her entering them now could not be said to be of her own seeking. She sat taking her luncheon, cold partridge and sherry. Mr. Barley entered in silence, and stood with a dark expression on his lips. Char- lotte knew it of old, and saw that something had not pleased him. Things had very much dis- pleased him ; firstly, the escape of the long sought-for prisoner ; secondly, Madam Char- lotte's doings at Chandos. Mr. Edwin Barley might have winked at the peering and prying, might have encouraged the peeping into letters ; but to steal things (even though but in appear- ance) he very much disapproved of, especially as he was looked upon as having instigated her. "What's the matter, Mr. Barley?" asked Charlotte, helping herself to some more part- ridge. "He is there, is he not?" "Who?" "George Heneage. In the west wing." "Yes, he's there. I've seen him." "Ah, I knew it," she said, with a relieved sigh, and she suddenly poured out another glass of sherry, and lifted it to her lips. "Here's to your health, George Heneage ! Have the police got him ?" "No. The police have gone. I dismissed them." Charlotte flung down her knife and fork in a passion. "Dismissed them ! Without taking him ! Are you going to show leniency at the eleventh hour, like a weak woman, Mr. Edwin Barley ? After what I have done to trace him ?" "You have done a little too much," returned Mr. Edwin Barley. And, abandoning his short and crusty answers, he spoke at length his opinion of her acts at Chandos. He was not in the humor to suppress any bitterness of tongue, and said some keen things. Charlotte went into a real passion. What with the disappointment at finding Mr. Edwin Barley in this mood, which seemed to promise badly for her semi-idea of prolonging her stay under his roof ; what with his ingratitude after all her pains ; what with her recent ignominious exit from Chandos ; and what with the good old sherry, that is apt to have its effects when taken at mid-day, Mrs. Penn lost control of her temper. Prudence was forgotten in pas- sion ; and Mr. Edwin Barley was doomed to listen to the wild ravings of an angry woman. Reproach for the past, for things that she had deemed wrong in the bygone years, came out all the more freely for having been pent up within her so long. She contrasted her conduct with his : her ever anxious solicitude for his interests ; his neglect and cruel non-recognition of them. As the most forcible means of impressing his ingratitude upon him, she recapitulated the benefits she had wrought one by one ; talking fast and furiously. Mr. Edwin Barley, a cool man under petty grievances, listened in silence ; he had said his say, said it with stinging cold- ness, and it was over. Feeling very much in- clined to stop his ears was he, when something, further said by her, caused him to open them, as ears had never perhaps been opened yet. Charlotte had shot beyond her mark in her reckless rage ; and was scarcely aware that she had done so until Mr. Edwin Barley, his face and eyes alike ablaze, seized her wrists. She had gone too far to retract, and the brazened out her avowal, making a merit of it, rather than taking shame. It was she who had stolen Mrs. Edwin Bar- ley's will. She, Charlotte Delves. She had taken it as a duty—in her regard for his, Edwin Barley's, interests. Who was the child, Anne Hereford, that she should inherit what of right belonged to him? When she had appeared to find the keys in the china basket on the mantel shelf ; it was she who had put them there ready to be found. There ensued no reproach from Mr. Barley's lips. At first she thought he was going to strike her, staring at her with his white and working face ; but the minutes passed, and he overcame his emotion. Perhaps he feared he might be tempted to strike her if he spoke ; it seemed as if a blow had fallen on him—as if the depth of feeling aroused by her confession were, not so much wrath, as a sense of awful injury to him- self thet could never be repaired. "What became of the will ?" was the only question he put when the silence was getting ominous to her ears. "I burnt it. It was done for you. Through- out my life I have had regard only to the interests of the Barleys. And this is my re- compense—reproach and base ingratitude !" He quitted the room without speaking an- other word. This was the worst dose Mr. Edwin Barley had received. He knew that the disappearance of the will had been set down by some people to his own hands. Why, had not Sir Harry Chandos hinted at as much, but an hour ago ? He had treated the past insinua- tions with contempt, always insisting that there had been no will to abstract—for he fully be- lieved his wife had herself repented of the testa- ment and destroyed it. He knew how capricious Selina was ; never keeping in the same mind two days together. And now he had to hear that the world was right and he wrong : the will had been abstracted. It did not tend to soothe him, the being told that it was taken out of regard to him and to his moneyed interests. Altogether he deemed it well to cut short his interview with Mrs. Penn. That lady, finding the house intended to show itself inexorably in- hospitable, put her bonnet on and went forth to the railway station of her own accord, her lug- gage behind her. Whether she should annoy Mr. Edwin Barley by sundry letters of reproach, one of the reproaches being that he had never cared for any living being but his doll of a wife ; or whether she should wash her hands of him altogether, and treat him henceforth with silent contempt, she had not determined in her mind. She inclined to the letters. Taking her seat in a first-class carriage, she would have leisure to think of it and decide, on her journey to London. And now I can go back to myself. I saw none of them all the afternoon. After the de- parture of Mr. Edwin Barley, Sir Harry Chan- dos went out with Dr. Laken. Mrs. Chandos and Madame de Mellissie were in the east wing, and, I fancied, Lady Chandos with them. Emily had offered to take Mrs. Penn's place for a short while, so far as sitting with Mrs. Chan- dos went ; it was one of the best-natured things I had known her do. Oh, but it seemed to me ominous, the suffer- ing me to sit there all the afternoon alone, no companion but myself and the oak-parlour, and with death in the house ! Words, dropped by Emily to her brother about his changed posi- tion, were beating their sad refrain on my brain. His position was indeed changed: and I was but a poor governess, although I might be the descendant of the Keppe-Carews. I quite thought that the neglect now cast upon me was an earnest of proof that the family at least would not countenance my entrance into it. Well, I would do what was right, and give him back his fealty : I could but act honourably, though my heart broke over the separation that might ensue. It was dusk when Mr. Chandos came back— the old name will slip out. "All alone in the dark, Anne ?" he said, draw- ing up the blind a few inches. It gave a little more light, and I could see his features. He looked pre-occupied ; but I thought the occasion had come to speak, and ought to be sailed upon. What should I say ? How frame the words necessary for my task ? With my hands and lips trembling, brain and heart alike beating, I asked incoherently if he would allow me to speak to him. He stood looking at me in sur- prise—at my evident agitation and whitening lips. "It is only right that I should speak ; I have been waiting all the afternoon to do so, Mr. Chandos —I beg your pardon, I mean Sir Harry," I brought out at last, and the very fret of speaking gave me courage. "I wish—I wish—" "Why, Anne, what is the matter ?" he asked, as a great breath, like a sob, stopped me. "What is it that you wish ?" "To tell you that I quite absolve you from anything you have said to me:" and the shame I felt at having betrayed emotion brought to me a sudden and satisfactory coldness of manner. "Please not to think any more about me. It is not your fault, and I shall not think it is. Let it all be forgotten." A perception of my meaning flashed upon him, badly though I had expressed it. He looked at me steadily. "Do you mean—not think further of making you my wife ?" "Yes." "Very well. But now will you tell me why you say this ?" I hesitated. I think I was becoming agitated again : all because I knew I was getting through my task so stupidly. "Circumstances have altered with you." "Well, yes, in a measure. I am a trifle richer than I was, and my wife will be Lady instead of Mrs. Chandos. Why should you object to that ?" "Oh, Mr. Chandos, you know. It is not I who object, but your family. And—perhaps— yourself." "Anne, I vow I have a great mind to punish you for that last word. Oh, you silly child !" he continued, putting his arms round my waist, and holding me close before him. "But that it would punish me as well as you, I'd not speak to you for three days : I'd let you think I took you at your word." "Please don't joke. Don't laugh at me." "Joke ! laugh ! I suppose you think that under the 'altered circumstances,' as you call them, I ought to renew my vows. And, by the way, I don't know that I ever did make you a formal offer : one that you could use against me in a suit of breach of promise. Miss Hereford, I lay my heart and hand at your disposal. Will you condescend to be my future wife ?" Partly from vexation, partly from a great tu- mult of bliss, I gave no answer. Sir Harry took one for himself. Ay, and was weloome to take it. With my face in a burning heat, —with my heart in a glow of love, as if filled with the strains of some delightful melody,—with my whole being thrilled with rapture,—I ran up- stairs, barely in time to change my drees for dinner, and nearly ran against Lady Chandos, who was coming out of the east wing. "There are two genii, who, strong and mighty. Under their guidance mankind retain; And the name of the lovely one is Pleasure, And the name of the lothly one is Pain. Never divided, where one can enter Ever the other comes close behind; And he who in pleasure his thoughts would centre, Surely pain in his search shall find." The good old words (and I don't at this pre- sent moment of writing recollect whose they are) came forcibly to my mind in their impres- sive truth. The sight of Lady Chandos changed my pleasure to pain; for I had had no warranty from him that she would approve of what he had been doing. Bounding into my bedroom, I stood there at the open door until she should pass ; it would not do to shut it in her face, as though I had not seen her. But instead of passing, she turned to me. While my head was bowed in silent salutation, she halted, and put her hand upon my shoulder, causing my face to meet hers. With the con- sciousness of whose it had just met, and very closely ; with the consciousness of feeling like a miserable interloping girl, who was to be exalted into the place of her successor against her ap- proving will, no wonder I trembled and bent my shrinking face. "And so you are to be my daughter-in-law ?" The words were not spoken in angry pride, but in gentle kindness. I looked up and saw love in her eyes; and she might see the grati- tude that shone in every line of mine. "Harry told me last night, in the midst of our great sadness ; after you had been into our poor George's room. My dear, I have heard a great deal of you since I have been upstairs in confinement, and I feel sure you will make him a good wife." In my revulsion of feeling I clasped her hands in mine, thanking her—oh, so earnestly. "There's only one thing," I said, with the tears running down my face. "What's that ?" "I am not good enough for him. And, oh, Lady Chandos, I was so afraid you would not think me so. I have been a governess, you know. I would have given him up, I have just told him so, now he is Sir Harry Chandos." She smiled a little. " One objection arose to me when he first spoke—that you were the niece of Mr. Edwin Barley. But I have grown to- day to think it may be well to overcome the prejudice. Do you know what Harry says ?" I only shook my head. "He says, as Mr. Edwin Barley brought (I must speak freely) a curse into our house, you may be destined to bring to it a blessing as the recompense. My dear child, I think it will be so." She inclined her head, and gave me a fervent kiss. I could have knelt to receive it. I pressed her hand as if I could not let it go. I watched her along the gallery, to the west wing, amid my blinding tears. I could hardly help lifting my voice aloud in thanks to heaven for its great love to me. Hill came up the stairs and broke the charm. "Why, Miss Hereford, you have no light," she said ; and indeed my chamber was in dark- ness. "Allow me to light the branches, miss." By the unusual attention—a solitary candle would have been good enough for me before— by the sound of her voice as she offered it, I knew she had heard the news. I could not help putting my hand into hers as she turned round from the lighted branches. "Hill, I hope you will forget that I used to cross you about that west wing. I did not know what it was, you see. But oh, if you had only told me ! I would have been to true to you all." Old Hill put her candle down, that she might have her other hand at liberty ; and she laid it upon mine, making it a prisoner. "Miss, it is I who have got to ask pardon of you for my crossness. We were all living in so much dread, that a stranger in the house brought nothing but extra fear and trouble. But I liked you through it all ; I like your face that morn- ing, years ago, on the Nulle steamer at London Bridge. Miss, it is the same nice face still. And, Miss Hereford, I am not sorry to hear that you are to be for good at Chandos." When I went to my bedroom that night, I found a fire blazing in the grate—by Hill's orders, I was sure. Ah me ! with all my natural propensity to be simple-minded, my earnest wish to remain so for ever, I did feel a glow of pride at being tacitly recognised as the future mistress of Chandos. Over this fire—a bright, beautiful fire, as be- fitted a dull house—I sat late, reading, musing, half dreaming. The clock struck 12, and still I sat on. For half an hour, or so. It was so delightful to realise my happiness ; and I was in no mood for sleep. But of course sleep had to be pre- pared for, and I took my feet from the fender, wondering what sort of a night it was. There had been indications of frost in the evening, and I drew the heavy window-curtains back, to take a view outside. "No fear of seeing a ghost now," I too boastfully whispered. I thought I should have fainted ; I nearly dropped on the floor with startled alarm. Not at a ghost : there was none to be seen ; but at something that in that startled moment seemed to me far worse. Emerging from its progress up the avenue, at a snail's pace, as if it cared not to alarm sleepers with its echoes,—advancing, as it seemed, upon me,—came a great, black, dismal thing, savour- ing of the dead. A hearse. A hearse without its plumes, driven by a man in a long black cloak. For a moment I believed I saw a phantom. I rubbed my eyes, and looked, and rubbed again, doubting what spectral vision was obscuring them. But no, it was too real, too palpable. On it came, on and on ; turned round, and halted before the entrance-door. I sat down to hold my beating heart : sure never were enacted night alarms like those I had encountered at Chandos. And, while I sat, muffled sounds as of measured footsteps smote upon my ear from the corridor. The truth flashed upon me then, and I silently drew my door an inch open. They had gained the head of the stairs, and were stopping there, apparently hesitating how best to get down. Four of them besides Sir Harry Chandos, and they bore a coffin on their shoulders, covered with black cloth, —Dr. Laken, Hickens, and two men, who looked like car- penters. So! that was it!—the unhappy George Heneage was being removed by night!—and the stairs of the west wing, as I knew later, were too narrow. I could not see, for the hearse was right underneath my window, but I heard the sounds as they put in the coffin, after they had got it safely down. And then the great black thing drove away again, with its slow and covert steps, some of them following it. It was going to the railway station. Sir Harry and Dr. Laken were away for two or three days. The funeral had taken place from the doctor's house. There was no real reason why he might not have been buried from Chandos, except that it would have created noise, and put the place in excitement. And so ended the life and history of the ill- fated George Heneage Chandos. He who had been the destroyer of the family's tranquility and its fair name, through whom, and for whom, they had lived in dread for so many years, hav- ing, as Mrs. Penn aptly expressed it, a sword hanging perpetually over their heads, which might fall at any minute, —he, the erring man, was laid to rest; and had left rest for them. With him, the fear and the dread were gone; almost the disgrace; there was no further need of secrecy, of retirement, of ghosts, of sleep walking; there was no longer dread of a night invasion by the police. Chandos could hold up its head now in the face of day. Once more there was light in the gloomy house; the blinds were drawn up, the sunshine was allowed to shine in. The deep mourning was supposed by all, save a few, to be worn for Sir Thomas Chandos. When Mrs. Chandos appeared in her widow's garb, people at first treated it as one of her eccentricities, but the truth got to be known in time. Quite immediately Mr. Edwin Barley left the neighborhood. The news of it was brought to Chandos by the agent, who did not appear to understand the thing at all. Mr. Barley's ser- vant had called upon him, to give up the house, and to pay whatever the demands there might be for rent, and else. "Gone clean away !" cried Mr. Dexter, wip- ing his hot and surprised face. "The whims these rich men have ! He's gone back to his own beautiful place, The Oaks. The servant (a most respectable man, Sir Harry) says the pre- serves there are hardly to be matched in the kingdom. He thinks his master found the shooting here poor." Sir Harry glanced at me. It was not the poor shooting that had taken Edwin Barley from Chandos. Only a few mornings subsequently the post brought a packet addressed to Sir Harry Chan- dos. When I saw it was Mr. Edwin Barley's handwriting, my heart failed me. Sir Harry read it twice over, and put it in his pocket, waiting until we should be alone. Oh, what wonderful news he had to tell me ! I sat and listened as one in a vast maze—and when Sir Harry showed me the letter, I read it twice over, as he had done, before knowing whether or not to believe it. Mr. Edwin Barley had made over to me the amount of money left by Selina, with the full interest thereon at five per cent, up to the pre- sent date. He frankly stated that the mystery of the lost will had now been cleared up : it had been (contrary to his own opinion) ab- stracted, and, as he found, burnt. He did not give any hint as to the culprit ; with all his sins, he was too much of a gentleman to do that : I could acknowledge it now that my pre- judices were partially removed : but we felt sure (and knew it later) that it was Charlotte Delves. This money he had caused to be settled on me to my exclusive use and benefit. He informed Sir Harry that the first instalment of the half yearly interest was waiting to be drawn by me. "So you are an heiress, after all," said Sir Harry, laughing. "You can buy your wedding dress." But I did not laugh. I was thinking how I had misjudged Mr. Edwin Barley. I had thought him so hard and unjust a man ! Hard, he might be : but strictly just. "I should like to write and thank him." "Certainly. Write when you like, and what you like. I shall answer his letter. It contains something more, that I have not shown you." "Am I not to see it ?" For answer Sir Harry folded the letter back, and placed a postscript before me. It seemed to me more amazing than the other. "Should my niece, Anne Hereford, find her- self less happy as Lady Chandos—your wife— than she expects to be, and wish for a refuge, my house will be open to her. If she enters it, whether in the present years or in those long to come, she will be treated in every respect as my own child ; and be very amply provided for at my death." "Do you expect you will require a refuge?" His eyes were gleaming with merriment as he spoke it—a whole lifetime of loving affection in their depths. If mine unconsciously evoked back their great and tender trust, it was not my fault. But a hope of sometime meeting Edwin Barley, and thanking him for this new kindness: of making some little atonement for my past hatred, so far as words of gratitude could atone, rose within me as a vision. The following week we quitted Chandos for Scarborough: I, Emily, Lady and Mrs. Chan- dos. There were many things to be done to the house, improvements and alterations, and Sir Harry remained to superintend them. M. de Mellissie accompanied us, on the invitation of Lady Chandos : he had come over very weak after his fever, and she said it would do him good. We went to Heneage Grange for Christmas, and Sir Harry came to us. It was a smaller place than Chandos, very open, very pretty, and belonged to Lady Chandos for life. I was to remain and be married from thence ; Lady Chandos so decided it. The winter had passed, the spring had come before I saw Chandos again. I was then in Harry's carriage : alone with him ; his dear wife, his wife of only a day or two. Chandos was very far from Heneage Grange, and we had taken the journey easily, travelling post. I saw it as we turned round from the avenue; and did not know it ; so different was it now in its light and gay appearance from the gloomy place of the previous autumn. The trees, some of them cut down, were budding into the fresh green of spring ; the flowers were opening in their parterres ; the birds sang joyously ; the once closed and barred windows were open cheerily to the warm sun. All things spoke of hope for us, as if nature had arrayed herself in her brightest colors. I saw the servants in their gala clothes, with their glad faces of greeting, coming forth to welcome us, Hickens at their head, and Lizzy Dene with her bunches of black curls. The tears rained over my eyes, and Harry turned to me. "My darling, what is grieving you ?" "Joy, I think. There is a promise of so much happiness that I cannot realise it, can scarcely believe in it. My past life has been nothing but loneliness; can you wonder at my almost doubting the great blessings showered upon me now ? Harry !"—and I looked down with a shy whisper—"it seems that I never, never can be sufficiently grateful to God." "We will try to be so, Anne. Sufficiently, no ; but just a little, as He shall give us aid for. What has been your life, compared to the suffer- ing of mine ?—and He has lifted it from me." He bent his head, I know in prayer. Prayer never to forget the great mercies given. The carriage stopped at the door, and he helped me out. Once more in the old hall ; but it had light now, and bright painted windows, and all sorts of beautiful things. Hill came forward. It was a surprise. Lady Chandos had despatched her there to superintend for our reception, lend- ing her to Chandos for a week. "Welcome, my lady ; welcome home." My lady ! I think it was the first time I had been addressed so, and glanced at Harry. He had me on his arm, and was leading me into the oak- parlour. The dear oak-parlour ! We might have to keep state at times, but that would ever be his favorite room and mine. "Harry, how beautiful it all is ! Do you know who I should like to ask to come and see us first of all ?" "Well !" he said, smiling. "Miss Annette Barlieu." "And so we will." Harry came into my dressing-room that night with an open Bible in his hand. He made me sit down by him while he read a chapter aloud and I found it was to be his usual custom, morning and evening. It was that chapter in Deuteronomy where the following verses occur; and I knew why he had chosen it. "And it shall be, when the Lord thy God shall have brought the inty the land which he sware unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give thee great and goodly cities which thou builded'st not, "And houses full of all good things, which thou filledst not, and wells digged, which thou diggedst not, vineyards and olive-trees which thou plantedst not; when thou shalt have eaten and be full; "Then beware lest thou forget the Lord, which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage. "Thou shalt fear the Lord thy God and serve Him. . . . And thou shalt do that which is right and good in the sight of the Lord, that it may be well with thee. "And it shall be our righteousness, if we ob- serve to do all these commandments before the Lord thy God, as he hath commanded us." "Amen!" said Harry, softly, as he closed the book, carrying it with him from the room. And I knelt down alone to say my prayers, my heart full to overflowing with a sense of its great blessings, and lifted up in thankfulness to Heaven. THE END. A Simple Test as to Smoking.— St. Paul's Magazine for the present month, speaking of tobacco, says :—" How can we help concluding that tobacco must to some organisms be quite of peculiar dangerousness? If the excretory action be not rapid, we know that tobacco will be a poison to all men; and inasmuch as there are varying degrees of excretory vigour in differ- ent organisms, it is clear that the effect of tobacco will be strictly dependent on this varying susceptibility. It is in every man's power to answer very decidedly for himself the import- ant question whether tobacco is injurious to him. Does he suspect any evil influence, let him abstain, and closely watch the result. If, with no other change in his way of life, he can detect the disappearance of any marked symptom, which reappears whenever he resumes his cigar, then he may be sure that he is wrong to smoke, or that he smokes too much." 