LEAYES FROM OUR NOTE-BOOK. 1 The value of .the tobacco imported into the United' Kingdom in 1868 "was £2,381,312, the gross amount of duty on which was £6,519,282. A fact for smokers ! "The increase in the population of England during 1S68 was about 210,000. The number of births was estimated at nearly '800,000. In a paper read before the Society of Engi neers in England, it was stated that in lighting London alone there is an annual consumption of 100,000 tons of coal The telegraphing in America, to use the ex pression of Dominie Sampson, is prodigious Last year 13,000,000 messages were transmitted; and for the press as many as 350,000,000 words. The Buddhist Monastery of Hanle, in Thibet, which is 15,117 feet above the level of the sea, is said to be the highest permanent human habi tation on the face of the globe. The inventor -of- the reaping-machine, the Rev. P. Bell, LL.D.J minister of Carmyllie, in, the Presbytery • of Arbroath,. Scotland, dieffa few months since, at the age of about 70. He invented the reaping-machine in 1827. ; ana what first suggested its principle, to; him is said to have been his seeing: a pair'of gardeners shears, sticking in the hedge of his father s gar den. " - : . ' The Melbourne Age censures in :no measured terms the:"abject tone" of the Sydney Morn ing Herald in reference, to the recent case of contempt of Court.' It speaks of the conduct of the proprietors in the matter as being a scandal to the press of these colonies which must be protested against and condemned by all who maintain and take just pride'in the freedom of the press as it exists amongst the English-speaking races of mankind, in whatever part of the world they may establish themselves as communities. The Age of July 17th contains an article strongly condemning the proposal to export the pauper population of England to the colonies. Although Victoria wants immigrants, .and would spare neither trouble nor expense to, attract them, still, remarks the paper, they must be of the right sort; and asks if it is. likely they would consent to receive wholesale deportations of such useless, vicious, and dangerous riff-raff as would be drawn from union workhouses. We had a recent article ourselves on this subject, in which we quoted, from the Times, which said it was no use dis guising the fact that England, was, frying to force her " human rubbish" on the colonies. Last year the emigration from the United Kingdom amounted to 192,344;. souls, of which number 155,532 went to the United States, 21,058 to Canada and other American colonies, 12,809 to the Australian colonies, and 6,922 to other places.. Upon these facts the Argus bases an article', in which British statesmen are con demned for not hayiBg turned to account this mighty exbdus. Says the ,writer It seems never to have occurred to them that, all this bone and muscle, all this; lusty manhood, all this enterprise, and energy would be valuable in enlarging the bounds of tbe empire and in creasing the strength of the colonies might be so taken in hand that, instead of being drawn to the 'domains and .the service of a foreign nation, it would rapidly build up the young communities which already enhance the com merce and position of England, and which may eventually be as important a help to her in war as in peace. Most assuredly other Govern ments—the French, for example—would not' neglect these opportunities if they possessed them—such an overflowing population, with such facilities for shipment,, and available colo nies to' ship it to. It is inexplicable that they should be so blind in London." , Attention has frequently been drawn to the increased rainfall which the planting of forests would cause in Australia, and upon this subject we notice that a communication has recently appeared m the Ceylon Handy Herald m which the writer says the colonists of this continent need not despair of turning their dry country into one of the finest climates in the world, as with a regular and sufficient supply-of. rain it would be.' " By planting trees": states the Herald's correspondent, "we may bring rain enough'for our purposes, and by introducing and planting only valuable trees,.there will be little of the useless vegetation which occupies the ground in other countries,' giving only trouble in .clearing it away when this is wanted. The forests or trees may be put where most con venient, orl arranged in belts and rows to serve for shade; and shelter. • Once get an improve ment in the climate well begun, and it may go on and spread itself till' the country be covered with forests and have plenty of rain over most parts of it." As the result of the mingling of the different races now occupying Australia the writer' anticipates a very fine race of people. ; The Argus has a leader on Chief Secretary McCullech's " peculiar notions of the sanctity" of Sunday."' The ground of complaint is, that being a Scotchman entertaining the view that Sunday should be strictly observed, he has been instrumental in closing on that day the rail ways, telegraphs, and post-offices. The writer, ■ ■*n the course of"his remarks, says:—"These sccentricities of the Chief Secretary would be larmless if the proceedings of the world at large were conducted in a similar fashion. If ships at sea stopped at 12 o'clock on Saturday night, and started not for four-and-twenty hours; if mankind found no inclination or ne-. cessitytomove anywhere excepting into church; if the winds ceased to blow, and storms to occur —if, in short, all nature were a blank, and each recurring Sunday a hiatus in time—railways, telegraphs, and all modes of locomotion and communication might be dispensed with, and no pne-b®-inconvenienced thereby. But the i world moves as much on Sunday as on Monday, traffic continues, and incidents occur, in despite of Mr. McCulloch." , A very singular case lately occupied the at tention of the New York Police Court; A photographer named-Mumler was - charged with fraudulently obtaining''mohey,- ;the device used consisting in his " executing" photographs of living sitters who "paid an extra price for the portrait of-some lost relative or friend which should- appear plainly recognisable, though in ghostly presence on the same "picture." At the trial-numerous cards showing the "ghostly presence" were produced. " Sorrowing widows, in; decorous mourning / garb, were/ taken with the simulacra of their lamented husbands rising over them. Mothers with the ap paritions .. of . their departed children in their lapi,looked at the Court from cartes de visite of the customary pattern." Mumler's defence was, that his photographs were super natural—that the disembodied spirit takes its place by the side of the sitter, or hovers in dim-angelic outline overhead as represented by his mysterious art. However, other photo graphers were called, and proved that Mumler's ghost could be evoked in many ways—by a lens introduced into the camera, by the im position of a positive plate upon the negative, and the transmission of light through it in the batch, &o.; Pictures were" exhibited in all respects as curious as Mumler's which had been produced by these means." The New York police authorities certainly deserve credit for the exposure of a trick so calculated to mis lead weak-minded persons. 