AWU HEBEFORD. BrinEAtrrn-°BoE EAST LYNNE CHAPTER XXII. NOTHING BUT MISERY. t"rUn shone brightly into my room in the (T ¿t there would be no more days sun ^lDSÎÎata night I had passed- If you have been deceived in the manner I had, bäVCC,M,Bdertandit,ifnot, all the writing 'of' it would fail to convey to you a tithe the cry that was mine and that would often years to come Her husband fciBT cluded to love me " , study would now be to avoid Mr i7 Entirely I could not for we must , Mh. dody repasts when he chose to sit u to item In that I could not help my I TI was very silent that morning, and he invents his newspapers give rode out after breakfast, to attend some UiTffl"Ung it was said, and returned at 4 lose I remained in my room until dinner 'If but I had to go down then [tZ "appeared inclined to be thoroughly social he talked and laughed, and told me of a Wu scene which had occurred at the meet "! but I was cold and reS01Te¿1> Scarcely lands and him is regarded as keenly, as if footway with himself what it could be that had ! fined mT manner When the servants had withdrawn I quitted my place at table, and it down a low chair near the fire why do you go there ?" said Mr. Chandos You will take some dessert ? ' of the evening " But why ? ' Ur head aches " He quitted the table, came up, and stood by Ifjre ne Anno, what is the matter with you inebriate was coming quickly, my swelling 'and seemed as if it must burst All the past 50 cup forcibly before me ; he, a married man, admitted me with his love, had-oh, woree (hu all games mine It was a crying insult, and it was wringing bitterly every sense of feel I no « ed Anything else I could have it Mr Fenn had hinted at some great je words of his own had confirmed it Bed he committed every crime known to man, I sold b tier have forgiven it But for this liberate deceit upon me, there could be no form rene s and there could be no cure, no comfort for my lacerated heart Are you angry with me for any causoP SHOT I offended you? The question unnerved me worse than I was ready unnerved. It did more, it raised all the w of my spirit. A choice between two evils trye emeu to be left to me : either to burst into hysterical tears or to openly reproach Mr. Chandos The latter course came first. "Why did you deceive me, Mr. Chandos ?" "Deceive your" 1 To-, deceive mc, and wretchedly deceive me," I answered, in my desperation ; northern wing not quite knowing what it was I said. NOT came you to speak to me at all of love, burns ii h it is that you cannot marry ?" He bit his hip as he looked at me. " Do you know why it is ?" I do not I did not yesterday, as you may be; sure" It is impossible you can know it," he re- space, at same agitation. 1 Mr Chandos, I do. Spare me from saying EM It is not a subject on which either you clihoiiW enlarge." ' And pray, Anne, who was it that enlightened you That is of no consequence," I passionately Kswered, aroused more and more by the cool amer of his taking the reproach. " I know for what the barrier is you have more than MCC hinted at, and that is quite enough." "To a consider that barrier an insuperable so that I ought not to have avowed my lyre;" I burst into hysterical tears, It was the last act and the last weather, you know, break the camels had. Alas' we were at cross purpose ' Forgive me, Anno," be sadly cued " Before I reme abroad that there might be danger in "our companionship, before I was aware that more cor k1 ever dawn for me, it had come, and was, filling every crevice of my heart. It is "'areas within me now as I speak to you. My P-' e a thrilling with the bliss of your pro '15s my whole being tells of the gladness of heart a spite of the cruel wrong in spite of my ora bitter misery in spite of the ties to which was bound, to hear the avowal of this deep 'Ferne s "stirred with a rapture akin to his '""fibre of my rebellious love I know how terribly wrong it must seem ; I know how worse 3-35 wrong; the confession of it but as it *" I was but human. ' was aware that I have acted unwisely," he praised, his tone very subdued and repentant. still Tea must not blame me too greatly. ^ura-taiec» are at least as much in fault. ' were thrown together, unavoidably j I could to! for reasons, absent myself from home ; you dislocate l "> at. Of course I ought to have Jwmbored that I was not free to love ; but I You see, the danger did not occur to my as If it had, I should have been cold as an issue the lw him defend himself Roomed work w a"- I had thought, if there lived one man tin of the earth who is the the. of Child'? Upr!glltDM9' hear It was away he li' AT the greatest insult to me possible to "2 and. Mr. Chandos What was?" line"" was The telling me of your love." boldness *' I told !' you becaus°-I'«S^o my bs -I saw that you loved me." lam v heP m s YES' it was 10 i I did laTe foot's v grCW burning hut I balmy 'W upon the carpet. . IihLdîd.ftebe,t that could be done: at least before you the i T my intention to lay and who! ? ,mhaPPy case without disguise ; 'Hen to! ! and deterrent circumstances, and C H Lay 'Now men me, or reject me ?" the. '.! Can you 80 "PI to me, sir? Marry ,; w'th-with~that barrier P" Oh T barrier may be roraOTod-" thought iS<lW neW' or fancied I saw the far-off wore off driving at" Staying seems to to IT. him WOrSe ' and * got UP from my Mat iwi00!1,"T!"8 out to be who you wo-of U" night 21st aíffl0UUy creator- X and so PMiSi der DOt'" I interrupted, with on him PM,,0B* mob, partly Mow, partly of anger | Whether I am regarded as a poor strange governess, or the daughter of Colonel Hereford, there could never, never be any excuse for you." " Is that your final, calm opinion ?" he asked, standing before me to ask the question. " It is, Mr. Chandos. It will never change. You ought to despise me if it could." "Forgive, forgive, Miss Hereford ! Nothing remains for me now but to ask it." I could not forgive him but I was spared saying it, for Hill opened the parlor door in haste. " Mr. Harry, will you please go up to the west wing - At once, sir." " Any change, Hill ?" " No, sir, it's not that. A little trouble." " Oh, Mrs. Chandos is there, I suppose ?" "Yes, sir." Need be have asked that question, have mentioned her name in my presence ? It struck me that it was a gratuitous insult. Mr. Chandos followed Hill from the room, and as soon as I thought he was safe within the west wing, I flew up to my own chamber. Flew up with a breaking heart : a heart that felt its need of solitude, of being where it could indulge its own grief unseen, unmolested. I was not, however, to gain my chamber for at the entrance to the east wing stood Mrs. Penn, and sho arrested me. " Come into my sitting-room," she said. " Mrs. Chandos will not be back for an hour. She is paying a visit to the west wing." Mr. Chandos also," I replied, as indifferently as I could well speak. Mr. Chandos also," she assented, having paused to look in my face before speaking. "They meet there more frequently than the house suspects." " But why may they not meet ? Why is it that they live estranged-or appear to do so ?" " Sit you down," she said, drawing me along the passage and into a small sitting-room. "Here is a warm seat by the Uro. There is estrangement between Mr. and Mrs. Chandos, but how far it precisely extends I cannot tell you." " I did not ask you how far the estrangement extended ; I asked you its cause." "Be content with knowing what you do know, Miss Hereford, without inquiring into causes. The advice is offered you in kindness. I can tell you one thing, that never was more impassioned love given to woman than he at one time felt for Mrs. Chandos." Ashamed I am to confess that the words caused my heart to chill and my face to burn. I turned the latter where it could not be seen. Mrs. Penn continued. "He says he loves you, but, compared with the passion he once more for Mrs. Chandos, his love for you is as nothing. Contrast the pale cold beams of the moon with the burning rays of the tropical sun, and you have a type of that passion, and of this one." "Why do you say this to me ? Is it well ?" " I deem it well. I say it because I think it right that you should know it. Were you my own child I should say more. You have one course only before you, my dear ; a plain and simple one." " What is it in a " To quit Chandos." " I shall not do that." "Not do it?" I "No." I " Miss Hereford, you must. There lives not a more attractive man than Harry Chandos and you are already three parts in his toils." " In his toils ? I do not understand you, Mrs. Penn." " My dear, I only allude to toils of the heart. I don't suppose he would so far forgot himself as to attempt positive ones." I would not answer her I felt too indignant, and sat holding my throbbing temples, now dared she so speak to me ? " Your own good sense ought to show you the necessity of leaving him. By this time to-morrow evening you must have put miles between yourself and Chandos," sho engerly continued, as though she had a personal interest in my going. Hot, angry, flushed, I resented both the words and the advice. Mrs. Penn, you are making too much of this. I think you have taken a wrong view of things. My heart is all right, thank you." " Is it !" she retorted. " You cannot stay on here, his companion. You cannot, Anne Hereford " I will ! Whether with him as a companion or without him is not of any moment he will not eat me. But I do not quit Chandos until my legitimate plans call me away." In point of fact I had nowhere to go to but I did not say that. All this, and her assump- tion of reading my love, drove me interposed fit of anger. Mrs. Penn paused, seemingly in deliberation, and when she next spoke it was in a whisper. " Has he given you any hint of what the dark cloud is that hangs over Chandos ? of the crime that was committed ?" "No." "It was a very fearful crime: the greatest social crime forbidden in the Decalogue. When the police rode up here the other night I thought they had come for him. I know Mr. Chandos thought it.". " For whom ?" For Mrs. Chandos' husband," she answered, in a sharp, irascible tone. "Why do you make me repeat it ?" At least I thought she need not reiterate the word " husband " in my ears. " It was murder," she continued, " if you wish to hear the plain English of it." "Was there a trial?" No. That has to come. Certain she seemed to hesitate-" proofs are being waited for Poor Mrs. Chandos has not been quite right since. When the moon is at the change and full they think her worse ; but at all times it is well that she should be under surveillance That is why I am sure" I did not speak ; I was thinking. No doubt it was all true. " Poor thing ! the blow was enough to turn her brain," observed Mrs. Penn, amusingly. "But I fancy she could never have been of strong intellect. A light, frivolous, butterfly girl, her only recommendation her beauty and soft manner." " What you told me before was, that she had used Mr. Chandos ill." " And so she did ; very. But that was altogether a different matter, quite unconnected with what followed." "How did you become acquainted with these things, Mrs, Penn ?" " In a perfectly legitimate manner. Believe me, Anno, this house is no proper home for you ; Harry Chandos is an unfit companion. Quit both to-morrow. The pertinacity vexed me nearly beyond boar ng. "I'll think of it," I said, sharply and getting up quickly, made my escape from the room and the cast wing. Not any too soon. To go to the east wing was against the law, and as I turned into my own room, Mrs. Chandos was coming down the gallery, Mr. Chandos by her side. " When will you get it for me, Harry ?" she was saying as they passed my door. "Shortly, I hope. The booksellers here may have to send to London for it, but I'll see that you have it as soon as possible." He held open the door of the cast wing for her to enter, and then took his way down stairs. I followed presently. Too would be waiting and I expected to preside at it. How could absent myself from the routine of the house and the oak parlor, who was but there on suf- formed, an interloper ? Were the circumstances that had passed such as that I-a lady born, and roared to goodness and modesty and all right instincts ought to make ft commotion over ? No. And I felt as if I could bite my tongue to pieces for having said what I did to Mr. Chandos just now. Henceforth, I would hold on my course in calm self-respect; meeting him civilly, forgetting, and believing that he forgot, anything undesirable that had passed. As to the " crime " spoken of by Mrs. Penn-well, I thought it could not be crime of any sort seemed so entirely incompatible with Mr. Chandos. And my love? Oh, don't make me speak of it. I could only resolve to beat it down, down whenever it rose in my heart. Others had suffered, so must I. He did not appear at tea. I drank mine with what relish I might, and Joseph came for the things. Ah, what passion is like unto love? None can control it. I had resolved to put it away from me, and that whole evening it was uppermost ! Fifty times I caught myself yearning for his presence, and saying to myself unbidden that life was a blank without turn. Very shortly after taking away the tea-tray, Joseph come in again. "I am going to close the shutters, miss." " Very well. Who ordered it to be done ?" "The master." "The master" meant Mr. Chandos. As Joseph put aside the white curtains to get to the shutters, I looked out. Facing the lawn in the moonlight, with his arms folded and his head bent, was Mr. Chandos ; placing it as one in pain. And yet he had thought of me in the midst of it of my possible timidity, and desired that the shutters should be closed. It was nearly 10 o'clock when he came into the parlor for HOme papers. I concluded he was going to his own sitting-room. " Good night !" he said, holding out his hand as usual. Should I take it P A momentary debate with myself, and then I shook hands coldly with him. Had I not decided to let the past be as though it had never been And all the display of resentment possible would not convert bad into good. Days went on days of an unsatisfactory life. The physician, Dr. Laken, came over and stayed two of them. Of Mr. Chandos I saw but little he was out and about, and more than usual in the west wing. I scorned estranged from every body. Mrs. Penn I shunned Mr Chandos was just courteous to me, nothing more and I had never been intimate with anyone else in the house. And now I resolved to leave. It would not look now as though I hurried away in passion, or because I feared my own love. Heaven knows I wished to do right, whatever it cost me and reason pointed out that to remain longer was not only inexpedient but might be looked upon as such. The life for me was beginning to be intolerable. He was with me at times, the very fact of his presence feeding the love that held possession of me and the image of Mrs. Chandos up-stairs began to haunt me is a spectre. It was not possible longer to deceive myself with And resolutions my eyes were opened to the fact that I could not begin to forget him or to love him less so long as I stayed at Chandos. I wrote to Madame de Mcllissie, telling her that I felt obliged to cancel 1113 engagement with her, and should quit Chandos 'alien I wrote to the Misses Burhcu, asking them to receive me while I looked out for another situation, and begging them not to refuse me on the score of the form of I was not afraid of it, said , I need not go near the Infirmary But I truly hoped and expected it had by that time passed. It was a fine afternoon, and a fancy came over me to take the letters to the village post-office instead of leaving them on the hall table, so I put my things on his going out at the portico I met Mrs. Penn. "Do you know that you are looking ill-that this struggle is telling upon you ?" she abruptly exclaimed, but in a tone full of kindness " Why don't you make an effort and quit it ?" " The effort is made," I answered, half in anger, half in despair, as I held to her view the letters in my hand. "Here is the announcement to those who will, I hope, receive me I must wait for an answer, and then I bid adieu to Chandos " "My, dear, you have done well," she answered, as she passed into the house, and out of the portico. Leaning against the wall, on the far side, was Mr. Chandos, who must have heard what had been said That she was unconscious of his vicinity, I was certain, and, for myself, I started when I saw him. He said something, but I made as if I did not hear, and went quickly on The post-office was farther than I thought. I picked some ferns and blackberries and I lingered on my road in miserable musing By the time I turned to go home again, it had grown dusk. There was a lane near to Chandos, which led to a small entrance-gate at an obscure part of the grounds the laurel-gate it was called, because many laurels grew near it. By taking this way I should cut off a good portion of the road, and down the lane I turned. Very much to my surprise, I came by and by to a cottage. A cottage I had never seen before and was very sorry to see it now, for it showed me that I had turned down the wrong lane. It was the waste of time that vexed me, but all I could do was to retrace my steps and take the right lane. It was nearly dark night when I at length got to the laurel-gate ; some of the stars were shining. The gate was unlatched, as if the last person who passed through had omitted to close it. A narrow path led to other narrow paths, which branched off through the trees; I hesitated which to take, not being certain which would lead me soonest to the house and as I stood thinking, a dark form carne following me down the lane. It was Mr. Edwin Barley). The dark night, the superstition attaching to the place, the proximity of the man I so dreaded, brought enough of terror. 'He might be coming to seize me and claim me then The fear lent me wings. Flying up a path at hazard, I never ceased the speed until I was in the broad walk, and close-it was rather curious that it should be so-to Mr. Chandos. He was coming in from an errand to the lodge. With a sense of protection that was as a very balm to my spirit, I rested my hand on his arm. All considerations were merged in the moment's terror. I forgot his great offence ; I forgot my own self-esteem : standing there, he appeared to me only as a great and powerful protector, one in whom I might find safety and shelter. " Oh, Mr. Chandos ! In money take care of me !" Once more, as if nothing wrong had stopped between us, he held me against his side. He must have felt the throbs of my beating heart. What has alarmed you ?" he asked, in a tone a great deal too full of tenderness. My only answer was to draw back amid the side-trees, that I might be hidden from Edwin Barley. Mr. Chandos came and stood there also. ' What is it, Anne The ghost ? Or Edwin Barley again ?" My senses were in a degree returning to me, and I told him what had occurred ; turning my head to listen still. " He will not follow you here. As to the land, usage has made it public property, and he has a right to walk in it if he chooses." I turned to the house. He quietly put my arm within his. " Suffer it to be so for an instant, Anne ; you are trembling still." And so we went on thus. " What was it I heard you say to Mrs. Penn about quitting Chandos ?" " I think the time has come for me to quit it. If the Misses Harbour can receive me, I shall go to them. I have written to ask." " That's the letter you have been so far to post ! Were you afraid I should intercept it as mine was intercepted !" " Not that. I thought the walk would be pleasant." | "Rather too late a one, nevertheless !" I did not tell him I had wasted my time in it, picking fi rns, eating blackberries, thinking, and finally losing my way. " What's this ?" said Mr Chandos He alluded to the handful of fortis I carried, and without ceremony took one of the best sprays and put it in his coat " as a keepsake " "If you me to leave, Anno, I must have something to remind me of you, you know '" There was a light sound in his voice, which seemed to say he treated the notion of my deal ing us a just, as if he know I should not go " I shall leave, Mr Chandos ' ' "Not just yet, at any rate Madame de Molhssio left you with us, and to her only can we resign 3 on '" " I have written to Madame de MOHISMO also, telling her I now take my plans upon myself " " Oh, soon posting that letter also, Isupposo ' Go you must not, Anne, I cannot part with you" Every right feeling within me I rose in rebellion against the avowal, and I strove to withdraw my arm, but my strength was as nothing in his firm grasp " I cannot port with you, I Bay, it would be like parting with life these last few days when we have been living in cstrongotnout-have sufficed to show me what it would be were you to be away entirely. And so-" " But you know you ought not to say this to me, Mr Chandos" I interrupted, speaking passionately and through 1113 blinding tears "It is now 01 thy of you What have I done that you should SO insult me ' ' " Listen to me for a minute, Anno I have been weighing things calmly and dispassionately , it has been my employment since the night of the explanation, when you told me 3011 had become cognizant of presenting circumstances I have endeavored to judge unselfishly, us though the interest lay with another not wth 1113 self, and I confess I cannot see any good reason why you should not become 1113 wife I mean, of com 20, later, when difficulties that exist now shall be removed from my path " It was strangely unaccountable to hear him speak in this manner' Iliad always deemed him to be of a most honorable nature, one to whom the bare allusion of anything not good' and perfect, and upright, would be distasteful Before I now of existing circumstances, it had been bad enough to speak to me of love, but now Whothorho had taken my silencoforncquios conco I know not I suppose there can be no doubt of it ; but he suddenly bent his head and left some kisses on my face. Was he insane, or only a bad man ? " I could not help it," he hastily murmured, in agitation. " I know it is wrong and foolish, but a man has not always his actions under cold control. Forgive me, Anno ! Stay here to gladden me and hope, with me, that things will work round. I should not bid you do so without good reason." A variety of emotions nearly choked me. His words told upon me worse than his kisses. How could things work round so that he might be free, save by one event, the death of his wife? and she was young and healthy ! How dared he during this, her Ufo, urge me to remain there to gladden him But for the strongest control, I should have burst into hysterical tears, born of indignation and of excitement and little recked I what I said in my passion, as I wrenched my arm away from him. " Things work round, Mr. Chandos I Aro your thoughts glancing to a second murder?" I borrowed the word from Mrs. Penn's mysterious communication which I had not be lived. It was very bad of me to say it I know that but when in a passion of confusion one does not wait to choose words. " Anno, you might have spared me that re- proach," he rejoined, in a subdued tone of pain. "How have you spared me?" " It may end brightly yet it may indeed. What's that ?" A rustling amidst the dense shrubs on the right caused the question. Possibly with an idea that it might be Edwin Barley, Mr. Chandos quitted me to look. I darted across the road, and plunged amidst the trees, intending to get on by a byo-path, and BO escape him. Suddenly I came upon Lizzy Done, talking to a man. She started back, with a faint cry. I am going right for the house, am I not, Lizzy ?" " Quite so, miss. Take the path on the right when you come to the weeping gum- tree." I had nearly gained the tree, when Lizzy Done came up with me. The woman seemed to be in agitation at great as mine. " Miss," she began, " will you do me a favor, and not mention who you saw me talking to ?" " I should be clever to mention it, Lizzy. I don't know him." " But, please miss, not to say you saw me talking to any one. The young man is not a sweetheart, I do assure you ; he is a relation ; but those servants are dreadful scandal mon- gers." " You need not fear ; it is no affair of mine. And I am not in the habit of telling tales to servants." She continued to walk a little behind me. It seemed I was to have nothing but encounters. There, on a garden choir, as we turned into the lawn, sat Mrs. Penn. " I am sitting here to recover breath," she said, in answer to my word of exclamation. " It has been taken away by surprise. I don't know whether I am awake or dreaming." " Have you seen the ghost, ma'am ?" asked Lizzy, breathlessly, putting her own comment on the words. "Well, I don't know ; I should just as soon have expected to see one as Lady Chandos. She was in the pine walk." " impossible, Mrs. Penn !" "Impossible or possible, Miss Hereford, Lady Chandos it was," she answered, in a resolute tone. I can tell you I rubbed my eyes when I caught sight of her, believing they must see things that were not. She wore a black silk cloak, and had a black hood over her head. It was certainly Lady Chandos ; she seemed to be walking to take the air." To hear that any lady, bed ridden, as may be said, was suddenly walking abroad on a damp dark night to take the air, was nearly unbelief able. It was quite so to Lizzy Done. Horcyos grow round with wonder as they were turned on Mrs. Penn. " Then I say' with miss here that it's just impossible. My lady's no more capable of walk- ing out, ma'am, than-" "I tell you I saw her," conclusively interrupted Mrs. Penn. "It was twenty minutes ago, at the turn from dusk to dark. I came and sat down here, waiting for help to pass me, which she has not done. But I suppose there are other paths by which she could gain the house. Lizzy, how obstinate you look over it I" " And enough to make me, ma'am ; when I know that my lady it could not be." Do you see much of her ?" asked Mrs. Penn. " Me Neither we nor anybody else, ma'am. If ever Hill calls me to help with a room in the west wing, my lady has first been moved out of it. Since her illness, Hill does the work there herself. No, no ; it never was my lady. Unless -unforseen, goodness, grant it may not be unless she's dead !" " Why, what does the girl mean ?" cried Mrs. Penn, tartly. Lizzy Dene had flown into one of her rather frequent phases of superstition, and began to explain with a shivering sob. "It is just this," she whispered, glancing timidly over her shoulder. " Hill was in some distress at mid-day; two servants asked her what was the matter, and she said my M3' was worse ; as ill as she could be. Now, it is well known, in the moment of death, people have appeared to others at a distance. I think my lady must have died, and it is her spirit that Mrs. Penn has just seen in the pine walk. Oh ! oh! oh!" Lizzy Deno wound up with three shrieks. In 801110 curiosity to say the least of it we crossed the lawn. It was curious that Lady Chandos, if worse, should be abroad. Dickens was at the hall-door, looking out probably for me. It was past dinner-time. " How is Lady Chandos ?" I impulsively asked. "I have not thought to inquire this evening, miss. I suppose, much as usual." " Isn't she dead ?" put in Lizzy. "Dood!" he echoed, staring at the girl. " Anyway there's a basin of arrowroot just gone up for her, and I never heard that dead people could cut. What crotchet have you got in your head now, Lizzy Deno ?" I think we all looked a little foolish. Mrs. Penn laughed as she ran in Lizzy Done went round to the servants' entrance. " Hickcns," I said, in a low tone, passing him to go upstairs, I have the headache, and shall not take any dinner. Perhaps Harriet will kindly; light a bit of Are in my room, and bring me up some tea." For I had caught a glimpse of Mr. Chandos and the dinner, both waiting for me in the oak parlor. CHAPTER XXIII. GETTING INTO THE WEST WIND. SITTING by the fire in the pretty bedroom, with the candles on the table, and the chintz curtains drawn before the window, shutting out the side-walk and any unearthly Bight that might be in it, I thought and resolved. To remain at Chandos with its ostensible master in his present mood was excessively undesirable, almost an impossibility and I began to think I might quit it without waiting for an answer from Miss Barbour The chief difficulty would be the getting away j the actual departure for Mr. Chandos was certain to oppose it. Another difficulty was money. It struck me that the only feasible plan would be to see Lady Chandos. I would tell her that I must go, not mentioning why ; ask her to sanction it, and to lend me enough money to take me to Nullo. I did not see that I could leave without seeing her certainly not without making her acquainted with the proposed fact, and thanking her for her hospitality and kind now. heroines of romance, road of in fiction, might take abrupt flight from dwellings by night, or else ; but I was nothing of the sort ; only a rational girl of Sober, every-day life, and must act accordingly. " Do you happen to know how Lady Chandos is to-night, Harriot ?" I asked, when the maid came in to inquire whether I wanted anything more. " Her ladyship's a trifle better, miss. I have just heard Hall say so." Harriot left the room and I sat thinking as before. That my seeing Lady Chandos could only be accomplished by strategem I knew, for Hill was a very dragon, guarding that west wing. If it was really Lady Chandos who had been pacing the grounds-and Mrs. Penn was positive in her assertion and belief he must undoubtedly be well enough to speak to me. It was but a few words I had to say to her 3 a few minutes' time that I should detain her, Circumstances have called me away, but I could not leave without personally acquainting you, madam, and thanking you for your hospitality and kindness." Something to that effect and then I would borrow the money about forty or fifty francs ; which Miss Harbour would give me to come, as soon as I got to Nullo. With Lady Chandos' sanction to my departure, Mr. Chandos could not put forth any plea to detain me. Never wore plans better laid than mine as I thought. Koheorsing them over and over again in my mind after I lay down in bed, the usual sleeplessness followed. I tossed and turned from side to side ; I began to repeat verses ; all in rain. Sloop had gone away from me, and I heard the clock strike 2. I heard something else ; a stir' in the gallery. It seemed as if some one burst out at the doors of the west wing, and came swiftly to the chamber of Mr. Chandos. In the stillness of night sounds are plainly distinct that would be in audible in the day. The footsteps were like Hill's, as if she had only stockings on. There was a brief whispering in Mr. Chandos' cham bor, and the same footsteps ran back to the west wing. What could the matter be Was Lady Chandos worse ? Almost as I asked myself the question, I heard Mr. Chandos come out of his room, go down stairs, and out at the hall-door. Curiosity led me to look from the window. The stars were shining brilliantly ; I suppose it was a frost and the tops of the dark pine trees rose clear and defined against the sky. All was quiet. A very few minutes and other sounds broke the silence ; those of a horse's footsteps. Mr. Chandos-as I supposed it to became riding forth at a canter from the direction of the stables the pace increasing to a gallop as he turned into the broad walk. There seemed loss sleep for me than ever. In about an hour's time I heard Mr. Chandos ride in again. I heard him ride round to the stables, and come back then go on foot. He let himself in at the hall-door, came softly upstairs, and went into the west wing. It was in that wing that something must be amiss. I was three-parts dressed in the morning when Mrs. Penn knocked at the door and entered. J did wish she would not thus interrupt me ! Once she had come when I was reading my chapter ; once during my prayers. "Did you hear any disturbance in the night?' she began. " Mr. Chandos went out at 2 o'clock. Do you know what for ?" " Mrs. Penn ! How should I be likely to know ?" " I happened to be up, looking from the end window " "At that time of night?" I interrupted. " Yes, at that time of night," she repeated. " I was watching for for-the ghost if you will" that I thought Somehow she said the ghost to mystify me) " and so I may as well confess it. I often do watch from my window at night. Quite on a sudden a figure appeared making its way swiftly towards the stables ; my heart stood still for a moment ; I thought the ghost had come at last I did, Anno Hereford and you need not gaze at me with your searching eyes, as if you questioned my veracity. But soon I recognized Mr. Chandos, and presently saw him come back on horseback, Where did he go ? For what purpose?" "You put the questions as though you thought I could answer them," I said to her; and so she did, speaking in n demanding sort of way. " I cannot tell where Mr. Chandos has gone." " He is back now : he was home in about an hour. I would give the whole world to know !" " But why ? What business is it of yours or mine ? Mr. Chandos' movements are nothing to us." " They are so much to us-to mother I would forfeit this to be able to follow him about and see where he goes and what he does," she said, holding up her right hand. I looked at her in wonder. " I would. Is it not a singular sort of thing that a gentleman should rise from his bed at 2 o'clock in the morning, saddle his horse by stealth, and ride forth on his mysterious journey ?" " It is singular. But he may not have saddled his horse by stealth." " How now ?" she partly answered. " He did saddle it Buddlod it himself." Yes : but that may have been only from a wish not to disturb the grooms from their cost. To do a thing one's self with a view of sparing others, and to do it stealthily are two things." "So your spirit must rise up to defend him still ! Take care of yourself, Auno Horoford !" "Nay, there was no defence. What does it signify whether Mr. OhaudoB saddled a horse for himself or gets a man to saddle it ?" " Not much, perhaps : looking at it in the light you do." " Mrs. Penn, I wish you would please to go and let me finish dressing. I am afraid of being late." Rather to my surprise, she moved to the door without another word, and shut it behind her. I went down to breakfast : I could not help myself. It would not do to plead illneSS or the sulkB, and ask to have my monk sent upstairs. But we had a third at table, I found and that was Dr. Lukon. I am not sure how I and Mr. Chandos should have got on without him with him all went smoothly. But not merrily. For both he and Mr. Chandos spoke and looked as if under the influence of some great care. Listening to their conversation, I discovered a rather singular circumstance Mr. Chandos' errand in the night had been to the telegraph office at Warwick, to send on imperative message for Dr. Lakes. That gentleman (almost as though a provision had been upon him that he would be wanted had started for Chandos the previous evening by a night train, and was at Chandos at 1 in the morning. So that he and the measure crossed each other. His visit was of course though I was not told it-to Lady Chandos and I fear there must be some dangerous change in her. They talked together, without reference to me. "I wish you could have remained," Mr. Chandos suddenly said to the doctor. "I wish I could. I have told you why I am obliged to go, and where I'll be back to-night, if I can ; if not, early to-morrow. Roraombcr one thing, Mr. Harry-tbut my staying bore could be of no possible benefit. It is a satisfaction to you, of course, that I should be at hand, but I can do nothing." " Mr. Doxtor is here, sir, and wishes to BOO you," said Hickcns, entering the parlor at this juncture " He says he is sorry to disturb you so early, sir, but he is off to that sale of stock, and must speak to you first. I have shown him into your private room, sir." Mr. Chandos rose from his seat and went out. And now came my turn, I was alone with Dr. Lakes and seized on the opportunity to inquire about Lady Chandos. See here I must and would. " Is Lady Chandos alarmingly ill, Dr. Laken ?" He was eating an egg at the time, and he did not speak immediately: his attention seemed almost equally divided between regarding ma and finishing the egg. " What you young ladies might call alarmingly ill, would doctors might not," wore his words, when he at length spoke. " Can she speak ?" " Oh yes." "And is sufficiently well to understand, if any one speaks to her ?" " Quite so. Don't trouble yourself, my dear, about Lady Chandos. I trust she will be all right with timo." Not another word did I get from him. He began talking of the weather; and then took up a newspaper until Mr. Chandos came back. As I was leaving them alone after breakfast, Mr. Chandos spoke to me in a half grave, half jesting time. You are one of the family, you know, Miss Hereford, and may be asked to keep its affairs close, just as Emily would be, were she here. Don't mention that I went to Walsall in the night you have now heard I did go. It is of no use to make the household uneasy." And, as if to enforce the words, Dr Laken gave three or four emphatic nods. I bowed and withdrew. To BOO Lady Chandos ? How was it to be done ? And, in spite of Dr. Lakon's reassuring answer, I scarcely know what to believe. Hill went about with a solemn face, silent as the grave and an impression pervaded the household that something was very much amiss in the west wing. My impression was, that there was a great deal of unaccountable mystery some where. " Harriot," I said, as the girl come to my room in the course of her duties, " how is Lady Chandos ?" " Well, miss, we can't quite make out," was the answer. " Hill is in dreadful trouble, and the doctor is here again ; but Lizzy Deno saw my lady for a minute this morning, and she looked much as usual." So far well. To Lady Chandos I determined to penetrate ere the day should close. And I am sure had anybody seen me that morning, dodging into the gallery from my room and back again, they would have doomed me haunted by a restless spirit. I was watching for my opportunity. It did not come for nearly all day. In the morning Dr. Lalor and Mr. Chandos were in the west wing in the afternoon Hill was shut up in it. It was getting dusk when I, still on the watch, saw Hill come forth. She left the door ajar, us if she intended to return instantly, and whisked into a large linen closet close by. Now was my time. I glided past the closet, quiet as a mouse, and inside the green baize door of the west wing. But which was the room of Lady Chandos ? No time was to be lost, for if Hill returned she was sure to eject me summarily, as she had done once before. I softly opened two doors, taking no notice what the rooms might contain, looking only whether Lady Chandos was inside Next I come to one and opened it as I had the others; and saw-what? Who-who was it sitting there? Not Lady Chandos. In a large arm-chair at the fire, propped up with pillows, sat an emaciated object, white, thin, cadaverous. A tall man, evidently bearing in features a great resemblance to Mr. Chandos, a strange likeness to that ghostly vision if it had been one I had once soon in the gallery. Was he the ghost? sitting there and staring at me with his large eyes, but never speaking ? If not a ghost, it must be a living skeleton. My pulses stood side! ; my heart leaped into my mouth. The figure raised his arm, and pointed peremptorily to the door with his long, lanky, white fingers. A sign that I must quit his presence. I was glad to do so. Startled, horrified, to wildered, I thought no more of Lady Chandos, but went back through the passage, and out at the green baize door. 'There, face to face, I on countered Mr. Chandos. I shall not readily forget his face when he saw me. Never had greater honour, rarely greater linger, appeared in the countenance of any living man. " Have you been in there ?" he demanded. " Yes. I-" More I could not say. The words stuck in my throat. Liston, Miss Hereford," he said, his lips working with emotion. " I am grieved to have to say anything discourteous to a lady, more especially to you ; but I must forbid you to approach those rooms, however powerfully your curiosity may urge you to visit them. I act as the muster of Chandos, and demand it is a right. Your business lies at the other end of the gallery ; this end is sacred, and must be kept so from intrusion. I stole away with my crimsoned face, with a crimsoned brain, I think, wishing the gallery floor would open and admit me. Hill came out with wondering eyes Mr Chandos went on, and shut the door of the west wing after him. I felt ashamed to sickness. My " curiosity !" TOUR CO.NTINUED.) OHMS. Beauty is the mark God sets upon virtue Emerson. THERE is no more potent antidote for low sensuality than adoration of beauty Schlegel. WHITE your name in kindness, love and mercy, on the hearts of those you come in contact with, and you will never be forgotten. Chalmers. THERE is a remembrance of the dead to which we turn even from the charms of the living. Oh ! the grave the grave ! it buries every error covers every dofoot-extinguishes every ro sontmont.-Irving THIS life will not admit of equality ; but surely that man who thinks he derives conse quence and respect from keeping others at a distance, is as base traded as the coward who shuns the enemy from the fear of an attack. IN a sermon delivered by the Rev. Henry Ward Beecher some time ago, he remarked that a man must produce something, must do something toward benefiting the condition of his fellow-man, in order to fulfil in some measure the ends for which he was created. How many men and women apply this simple test to their ordinary avocations 1 How TO RETAIN A GOOD FACES correspondent has some good ideas on the importance of mental activity in retaining a good face. He says : " We were speaking of handsome men the other evening, and I was wondering why K., had so lost the bounty, for which five years ago he was so famous. Oh, it's because he never did anything, said B. ; ' he never worked, thought, or suffered. You must have the mind chiselling away at the features, if you want hand- some middle-aged man.' Since hearing that remark, I have been on the watch to see who ther it is generally true and it is. A handsome man who does nothing but eat and drink, grows hubby, and the fine lines of his features are lost ; but the hard thinker has an admirable sculptor at work, keeping his fine lines in repair, and constantly going over his face to improve the original design," 