SPIRITUALISM. It may be a proper precaution to state at once that we make no pretence to exhaust the merits of Spiritualism — quite an impossible thing, if we are to believe the Spiritualists- — withm the limits of a single newspaper article ; and, indeed, it is only on the ground that it lias become one of the fashionable social entertain ments of the day that a Becular news paper can claim any right to treat the subject at all. Holding communion with the spirits of the departc 2. used to he considered a very serious and solemn affair, almost as grave as becoming a spirit oneself. But we have changed all that now. People have got less nervous over bogies and goblins, and chat with the spirits of their grandfathers and grand mothers with as much coolness v and familiarity as Hamlet did with the ghost of his father. In fact, ghosfr have be come quite as popular as bicycles, and a good deal more common, while for that matter it makes less demand upon the courage to tackle them. It must be a very obstinate ghost indeed that will not rap out its name on the table to the bidding of a genteel tea-party now-a-days, and the family is, organically speaking, not worth its salt who cannot boast of at least one member of it endowed with all the constitutional requirements for sum moning all its ancestors to earth for at least four generations back. Mediums are almost as common as blackberries, 1 while to be a good medium is looked upon as a far higher qualification for domestic I happiness than to be a good cook, j i Seriously, if it is5 possible to be serious j ! over a subject that presents so veiy many j i temptations to the uninitiated to ridicule, | I what is this Spiritualism, that is intro- ! juced to the world by its devotees as though it were a new revelation from j heaven, or the discovery of a new telluric j | force, like gravitation. " Kewton's house- j keeper, we are told, looked upon him as a j poor cresture whom men called a philoso- i pher. and it is possible that in laughing 1 at the pretensions of the Spiritualists we ! may he treating them as unjustly as bis j housekeeper did Xewton. It is possible, j j in other words, that they may be Xewtons j j in their wav. the revealers to mankind of j some mvsterious unfolded secret of nature. I | which is destined to play as important a ; part in the adjustment of his future rela- i tions to the universe as electricity or j galvanism does in his dealings with the earthly kosmos in which he lives and j i moves and has his being. Of course, if ; j we are to accept the interpretation of the I ; Spiritualists, or rather if we are to accept j the phenomena by which they pretend to test its truth, there need not be a moment's difficulty about answering the question which we have propounded on the threshold. Spiritualism is simply the power of holding intercourse with spirits through the medium of living persons I who are organically fit and adapted for i the purpose. Any person will not do. In other words, a medium must be con stitutionally predisposed, as the medical men sav. Now, this admission — rmd any Spiritualist, or anybody who has attended a Spiritualistic seance, will concede it — is important in an argumentative sense, because it establishes at once the exist ence of a human criterion or test. It shows that, at all events, the human organism plays a very important part in the transaction. If the spirits won't possess every organism, if every organism, in other words, can't be a medium, how do we know that the whole thing is not purely a manifestation of organic force, that it is not an affair of the nerves, or muscles alone, and that the spirit element is simply an invention to cover our ignorance of what that force is. There are forces in nature which we can not explain, hut which we know to exist, because of the effects they can be made to produce. \\\Te don't know, for instance, what electricity is, yet nobody could ascribe the movements of the telegraphic needle to supernatural agency. Why bring up our defunct grandmothers to account for the movements of chairs and tables, which move in the apparent absence of sufficient motive power to move them ? Passing over the very poor compliment paid to them, it is far more scientific and far more respectful to attribute the movements to the action ot the fleshly organisms that are in contact with them. But it is said that the chairs and tables do not only move, but prophesy — that they talk in a language known indeed neither to the upholsterer nor to the philologist, but sufficiently intelligible to the true believer iu Spiritualism. How are these fiicts to he got over ? The rationalistic answer, of course, would be easy. It would he simply to deny the facts. People weighing eight or nine stone can't be made to float in the air except on the hypothesis that a miracle has been per formed in their favour by the suspension of the laws of gravitation, and we had rather believe in gravitation than in float ing of this sort. Every one has read Moore's line, "Yon shall have miracles, and sound ones too, S en, heard, attested— everything but true I" And these are the sort of miracles which Mr. Home or Mr. Xayler can fairly be expected to supply their disciples with in support of their thaumeturgic claims. The only discouraging reflection must be that they have not proved to he the sort of miracles which have satisfied men of science like Faraday and Brewster. The Melbourne Church News devotes its lead ing columns mainly to a consideration of the doctrine of the Holy Eucharist There are also articles on the Bishopric of Dunedin, and on " Free-seated churches and the offertory," and a sympathetic review of Kendall's poems. The British and foreign news is as n«n«l an interest ing selection. Here is an item " While our own Lords and Commons (says a letter from St Petersburg) are wrangling over the disestablish ment of the Protestant Church in Ireland, the Autocratic Government of this empire lias pub lished with calm dignity an ukase by which the hereditary Levitical character of the Russo- Greek priesthood, numbering nearly 700,000 with their families, is for ever abolished ! ' In any other country, says the writer, such a sweeping measure would have constituted either a revolution or a coup tTeiM. Here it is prepared m silence, unexpectedly published with the Im perial signature, and passes almost unobserved amidst the other great reforms of the present reign." 