Tasmanian Champion Meeting [VIA JCDK.V.] ' ITIIIST DAV. MAIDTÎN" I'LATB.-(Jndlnml mid Uourbon ran n üoacl lient, wliîclt is rn be decided after tlie otho:' races. TWO-YEAH-OLD STAKES.-Soy csa 1 ; W. F., 2. Time, ¿'minutes 2 seconds. .Won ensily. CnaMPlo.v HAGE.-Strop, 1 ; Glencoe, 2,; Warwick, 3\. Boiurde led tho fl rat limo round, when Strop caine to the front, and was never headed ; ho won by a good length without using whip or spur. The winner was greeted with tremendous cheers. . SECOND DAY. (Through Greville's Telegraph Company.) LKGEH.-Flying Dutchman 1 ; Mi^s Wilkins 2. Towx PLATS.-War« iok 1 ¡ Cadland 2. TASMANIAN HANDIOAF.-Paddy's Land 1 j Strop ,2. Won by a neck. - SsLiixa STAKES.-Deception 1. Corning Events. BS-PEGASUS. Among coming cvonts, immediate and afar off, the A. J. C. Autumn Meeting is of oourso chiefest in importance; for then wo havo tho largest youngsters'races of the season, as well as tho Sydney Cup, which is also tho largest handicap of tho Now South Wales Turf Year, and there are special reasons why tho programrao just issued by tho Jockey Club-Committee should receive something moro (lum tho usual amount of not ¡co on its maki lg its debut in public. The Leger and Cup Days hnvo tho same evonts as heretofore set down ; and will givo tho same sport and excito tho same interestas wc have beon wont to see, and which oan hardly fail to attach to the " Ohampagmj Stakes" and " Leger" on the one, and tho " Muiden Plato," " Produce Stakes" and " Cup" on the other. This timo, however, the first two events promise to bo moro than usually exdiine As fur as the Champsgno Stakes is conoorned,.,I,need only point tu the fact that wo have "'already ha'd five ol them sporting »i!k-; besides;;, hairing;* . aJ^¿- another TJpporüínity of a good trial at Homebush,"'..' month before Randwick. Thus by tho timo the youngsters saddlo up for tho Champagne, tho public will have formed some opinion of at least a dozen of,those that now compose tho field ; and moreover the Tattersalls und Homebush winners wilt bo pitted against " Charon" tho great Ferryman oolt who wears tho "Victorian laurels of his year. All theso reasons combined, must make the coming Champagne Stakes by far the most interesting raco ol tho kind ever run'for in Australia ; and I'm quite con- vinced it will cause the most speculation. Tho Leger has not its Barb und Fishhook, with the prestige of a Melbourne Cup end Champion Xlace to baok the one, and a Launceston Champion Cup to bring friends to the oilier; the three-year-olds of the proscrit season have pBi-furmod almost exclusively among themselves ; and, with the exception of " My Dream," not one of them has shewn any transcendent ability. All this notwith- standing I inclino to the belief that tho Leger of'CO will crcato a good deni of interest. It must be a matter of rogret, that "Antelope" and "Trump Cnrd" aro not in. the list ; becauso so fur as any one knows neither of these colts is "out of any good thing ; but tho flyingduughter of Fisherman and Nightüght hus to meet by no means a despicable lot. First ''Tho Duke," who has nothing dune since ho astonished everybody hy winning the Derby in a canter. Then " Kugpickcr" who rmi second tn Mr Thompson's colt, and afterwards won the Maiden Pinto. Then "Marksman" who ran second for timi Muiden Pluto, and about whom it must be remembered that he comts of a family that always go on improving. Then "Avalanche" nml her schoolfellow "Coquette," one of whom has very much improved, and the other is supposed to have. Then "Kuizcr," who has been before tho publie nil through tho season, and "Sailor Boy" who probably will not run for this, unless he proves himself better than tho grey at Homebush. Then " The Fur!," whoso friends have completely turned him up ; and not beforo it was time. Thon " Fenelia," to tnv thinking tho best of tho Fishermnn Mo, if fit at tho post. Then Mr Town's representative ("probably Sir William), and Inst of all, tho unlucky " Friar" from whom I do ucpect great things when ho comes out blooming and' well, which I sincerely hope ho may do on tho occasion I am writing about. Surely this lot of twelve ought to giro a great field, even allowing for ono third of thom not to put in an appearance, and I shall not be ono whit astonished to see os great a surpriso as when "Bluir Athol" was only a head short of bowling over tho great " Fishhook;" and our wonder of wonders "tho Demon" was beaten oil'. Visitors to Bandwick, cither on busi- ness or pleasure may rest assured thora there will ba no lack of interest in the great races of tho Leger day. On tho Cup.Day; tho Sires' Produco Stakes has several colts and fillies ontered that are not in tho Ohampagno ; and tho Melbourne two years-old are out of it, barrine " Cour de Lion" who was bred hero. These facts will allow tho interest in tho Produco Stakes to romain unabated, ofter tho decision of tho Champagne; for nithaugh wo never, hear much, or long boforo, about Mr Dines"« lot, I den't require to remind your readers how dangerous is the good Hambleton Squire in races of this particular class; und there are no finer colts out than Mr Bowman's Mameluke. The Cup requires no oom mortat present. "The Barb," maigre that crusher of 10:8, is first favorite, and in my opinion's quito likely to remain so right away until stilling night. On the third day, tho Bruio Stukes is'done away with, which I think is a good thing, seeing that there aro plenty of other races to employ tho three-year-olds; and under its old conditions " The Bruio" was never likely to bo popular, or, bring a largo field to tho post, after tho three- year old quality bocamo so thoroughly fuund ont as it must be alter tho Legor and Maiden Plate -; - - ' history. Doing away with "tlioBr'-" Malus to bo filled up ; and tiler Committoo have done neither rr oise thing that"was needed. . They might have tried an; "other class of race, without bringing threa ultímala to the post; but by putting in a additional two-year old stake they have given encouragement to the most numerous class of horses ; and by the conditions of the extra event, they have brought out exactly tho sort of race that owners of- two-year-olds will require at that particular time. All the two-vear-old races of I he Benson being then over, there will bo sundry colts and fillies tout haven't paid their expenses, and probably never will. Tho owners of such stuck will just be wanting a chance io get rid of them at a profit, und liera I ho very thing pflVaitself. * 0.1fe owner of a hitherto unlucky colt may get;a fair'rîriçe for him, and it's riot at all unlikely that the funds will benefit. also ; seeing that besides the winner the second horse is to be sold. I am very glad to see a determination to enoourage tho breeders as well as buyers of yearlings, by giving out plenty of work for two-year-olds.' "A man will not now think he's ruining himself if ho trains three or four two-year-olds; seeing that ho has your races at Randwick, besides those of Homebush and Tattersalls ; and I see nothing to stop a two-year-old winning the All Aged Stake at n .mile, or evan a Maiden Plate, so late in the season ns the end of March or April. I know if I'd a string of two-year-olds now in work, I'd let some one of them have a trial for ?tho Homebush and Kandwick Maiden Plates. I dare say soma people will objoot to having a two-year-old race on each day of the four, bnt there aro now some- thing like thirty or five and thirty youngsters propariiiL', and although we know they won't si «nd "setting," night after night, like old horses, still it is satisfactory to know that the same flyer is not likely to run and win on throe days in succession. Tho splendid . field for the last " Nursery" shows that owners of two-year-olds will run them at the wind-up of a meeting, even though they may havo run a couplo of races during the "previous seven or eight days. I like not Forced Uandicaps on short days; but I have other reasons, besides not seeing the pleasure of racing in the dark, for being glad that the A.J.O. have set their faces against this time-à mored institution. Th» day of general entry is fixed for March 24th, either in Sydney or in Melbourne ; and by the bye, it ts to be hoped that proper care will be taken to have entries left with Mr Bagot forwarded in time, ss nothing ts more undesirable than the addition of names to a list of horses once made pubjio foi* a great race, and on which specu- lation has already commenced, as it invariably, does the moment the entries are seen for a Sydney or Melbourne Cup. Suppose " a Barb" to bo left out, and the public rustling in pell moll to back "a Whiffler," or "a Glencoe," or "an Italian," as the ease might be,"at ridiculously short odds; it would be, to say the least of it, inconvenient to Snd the post of *' premier" usurpe-I, , next, day, by the let out "ßnrb," while tho original favorito receded to treble the odds at which he hud been backed overnight. The A.J.O. are to be congratulated upon their programme, as well as upon their chances of u great Meeting, provided we are blessed in the mean- time with plenty .of rain. Nothing hurts racing so much in this country as a long continued drought. Poor, unfortunate Homebush ! what have you been doing? Why, after being pegged away at for any length of time by your home «mentios, the Melbourne people have a co in at you; and you nro treated tn nil the bene- fits of Plat/boy's exptrience, in tho Australasian. " I'luy boy" hus not taken n vory strong lino ot' argument ; and goes only a very »mall woy to provo the tib»urdiiies he Sulks about. "Italian" is certainly first favorite for the Homebush Cup; but then this position must hann an occupant ; and "Itnlimt is not at soihm-t n price in II field of twenty ns "Thu Barb" anning douille the number, ?ind willi ontyten i-tono «iaht up. Beside', " Tho Muck iind White horse" has lately been mude (Trst. favorito tu two races, in which ho curried ii few pounds more limn .mw; he never got near Hie front; anil luis nevernhewii either that he cnn n i t wo miles, ur tli.it ha cnn go uphill, or that he is n weight carrier in a handicap. TJn'il we seo his ab.lily proved to comptas one of these very neces sary tasks, I think eight stone eleven quito enough on him ; and if "Playboy" had neon tho Italian run his lust two races, ho'd rather back him with niuo two ovor Rand- wick, thanwith five pounds lessup Homebush Hill. It may be satisfactory to Pluyboy to know thot already Warwick has Ulrica essayed togo up Homebush Hill with big weights up ; and that, on ope of these occasions he carried 8 12 and ran third to Young Mormon, 6:7, who won in a canter. Twice out of the three times he wns u prodigious moral?' ; but on neither of tho three hid he tho ghost of a chance. Our A.J.O. rule, (t most unsatis- factory one) compels tho handicapper nut to begin lower than 9=5 when there arc more thun twenty entries ; and I'm convinced Mr Tait would havo scratched old War- wick, had it not been for thereby raising Tho Italian to 9:2. Venturing my humble opinion against that of" Playboy" I have no hesitation in confessing that I think Warwick is quito "out of it" an opinion shared by all tho people hereabouts ; and I vorily believe that any ono who jusl now mado an investment on " Falcon" would be con- sidered a probably-successful candidate for Tarban Creek Blondín has invariably run well on Homebush, all 11!' best races in this colony, having been run over thin ground; and, without knowing more than "any other ?nan," I may say that I cannot think " His Honor" could havo scratched Sir John by reason of his weight. On the whole, I cant sen a leg that Playboy has to stand upon ; but I am glad to find that all people are not with him," and as there are,still eighteen horses loft in, with only a forfeit of two pounds up lo the tillie of starlin;:, I shall expect to find them nil remain in to tho last, mid a very large proportion of them come to the post. I're had many expressions of opinion, which differ in toto from each other, and it may amusa some of your readers to see them. Ono good judge complains of Karoola being "handi- capped right out of the race" ; . wliilo another says Karoola ought to minina canter. A third is of opinion that " Young Mormon" at nineteen pounds, is m uah better in than Karoola ; but a fourth believes the latter holds tho Mormon quito safo, because nineteen pounds would not havo brought the two together at Randwick on New Year's Day. An oxcollent judge wi ole mo on Thursday; and expressed his belief that nothing could huve beaten Sir John had he been loft in. With all these conflicting opinions, and six to ono on the field, I don't think it can be culled a . veryJ4. bad . handicap ¡ and it seems most likely that there will be moro horses backed for it than (br the Sydney Cup. Dy tho way, if " Playboy" is marvellously curious to arrive at tho information touching some internal arrangements of Homebush, which he thinks it " would be well to know," I hare no doubt whatovor, that ho can be grati- fied, on application to tho Secrctury. 