Agriculture iu Germany. The following article appeared ill tbe Pall Mall Gazette under the title of ' Science and Farm ing ' The cry has nlready been pretty loudly raised in England that wo must educate our manufactures and operatives, both generally an technically, or cease to compete with othor. nations in any but -the coarsest and cheapest prcduots of industry. -This has been the lesson of the Paris Exhibition as far as concerns arts and manufactures. That technical education is no less important in agricul tural labours is shown by a suggestive description of Prussian agriculture in au article entitled ' L'Allemagne dopuis la Guerre de 1866,' and. signed by M. de Laveleye, in tho Revue des Deux Mondes for September. ' Until about 1833 (according to M. de Lave leye) farming was in a very baokward state in North Germany. A rotation of two years in cereals and one year in fallow, continued from the time, of Charlamagne far into the present century* and though clover and potatoes began to , 'be*'' cultivated in the seventeenth and eighteenth- centuries, and an Austrian yeoman was rewarded for his hay by Joseph II., with the title -of Von Kleefeld, or Cloverfield, tho new crops gained grcund but slowly against the triennial fallow. But in the last half century, since Stein's reforms, since the abolition (in 1838) of the paralyzing covee, and, above all, since the diffusion of information by tho means to be detailed below, everything has changed. A two year system of oereals alternated with roots or seeds has spread over Germany, has brought with it an enormous increase of live stock, and has increased the orops by the resulting manure,1 whilst diminishing the area of unproductive fallow from -a third to a seventh of all the arable land. With the increase in the amount of stook has come also an improvement of tho breeds, dairy cattle from Holland, pigs from/England, Rain bouillet, Southdown, and merino sheep; so tbat since 1816 tho animal products have at least, doubled in valuo. Reducingthe live stock of all kinds . of equivalents of horned cattlo, M. de Laveleye finds that in .1165 Prussia1 had 100 such units for every 138 of tho population, France on 100 for every 115, while forty years since these proportions were reversed. Steam ploughs have not yet been largely introduced, but horse machinery abounds, and in many districts the small proprietors combine to maintain steam threshers, as well as publio bulls of the be3t breed. Boot sugar rose from 3 ,000,000 lbs. for the whole of North Germany in 1837 to '375,000,000 in 1865, the amount produoed in Prussia alone .in the latter year exceeding the total production of France. The land has risen 100 and; in somo parts 200 per cent, in price and, what is of even greater importance in the eyes of the Frenchman of to- dey, with the rapid developementof agriculture that rural class from which armies are chiefly, drawn, has doubled itself in 1 Prussia within fifty years, against an absolute decreaso of the corresponding popula tion ; in France. In the fourteen years from 1846, to 1860, Prussia gained 1,000,000 and France lost over 600,000 of agricultural popula tion.;. The total relative, gain of. Prussia in this- respect from 1815 to 1860'amounts to .6,000,000 persons, representing. 1,000,000 1 effective men.: ' M. do. Laveleye preceeds to ask what are tha causes which have reversed the conditions of nature, and bavo in a few years placed Prussia even ahead! of fertile France. The first is the 1 complete extension of general education through out the rural districts of Prussian Germany. ' This miracle of tho multiplication of food has been worked by the knowledge of physical and. economio laws. Such a result of eduoation comes slowly and insensibly, for in tho intellectual field wo sow - to-day, ? but wait twenty or. thirty years . for harvost. It is not enough for tho peasant to learn how to read and write ; he must aotu&lly.; read, he must understand what bo reads, and |earn to profit by it.' Second only in impo'rtanco, to the diffusion of gonoral education is the leohnical instruction provided now in almost every country except England and Spain, for tho meohanic and manufaCtnring population, bul for agriculturists nowhero so well as in Germany, Prussia maintains foUr Royal Aoademies of Agriculture, at whioh both tbfe theory and tho praoticeof farming are taught in a Course lasting tWo years, and Costing each student less than £8 0 year for instrtiotion 'in political and rural economy, based on statistics in farming, andtho management of trees and woods ; in the mode of manufacturing tiugar, beer, bricks, and draining tiles; in mineralogy} , geology, botany and chemistry, with experitfiento ond excursions ; and lastly in mathematics, trigonometry land ? surveying practical mechanics Veterinary stlrgery rural law the hisSory of thoir country and constitutional law.' ' Excursions Into thd most interesting districts complete the programme, which it will bo seen is extensive enough, and and quite aB capable as Latin of opening the mind of youth. And these academies are attended be it remembered' by ? persons who have to make their living by their own farms, commonly of small extent. For tho amatours a less practical instruction io provided at institutes attached to the Universities of Halle and Berlin. Below tho academies are nineteen provincial sohools of agriculture, subsided by the State to the aggregate amount of about. £2,000, and for the most part kept by some largo farmer, assisted by the neighboring apothecary, schoolmaster,- and Veterinary surgeon; There aro further in Prussia numerous special ' sohools' for particular branches, such as market gardening, and the cultivation of meadows and woods ; and the care of fruit trees is taught in 134 schools in the ancient provinces alone. The system of paid instruction is completed by the curiot's institution of wandering teachers, who oiroulate from village to village criticising the cultivation and giving advide about rotations of crops and the most suitable kinds of manure. But this is not all. The State main tains seven experimental institutes of organic and agricultural ehemistry, , whioh on different soils and under different ciroumstanccs ure engaged io verifying and completing the theories of Liebig, and in testing the purity of the artificial manures of commerce. Last come no less than 619 voluntary agricultural associations, which by conferences, exhibitions and prices, assist in spreading ' information. Apart from the aoademies and institutes of chemistry, little is done by the State either to oxoite or direct private action. There is a central oommission presided over by a Minister of Agriculture, but its expenses in 1862 amounted to no moro than £177, and the chief exception of the general rule of non-interference is one of a political as muoh as of an economic nature. Throe large stud farms, maintained at a net cost of .£20,000 a year, continually improve tho breed of horses for war as well as peaoo. Eleven hundred stallions, distributed from these farmB through the provinces, get annually 35 000 foals-=-a year number sufficient to modify the breed throughout the country in any desired direction in a very few years. ' To other, causes, such as the simple and the economic habits of the German farmer, and Prussia's good fortune in.nothaving'an Algiers, a large fleet, and, above all, a Paris, to oppress agriculture by the drain both of money and of men, M. de Laveleye assigns much importance, but the great secret of tbe suceess of Prussian agriculture is diffused education and technical instruction.' — From the Journal of the Statistical Sdeiety'of London, December, 1867'. A New Steam-engine1 — A new invention has been introduced into tbo mechanical world, wbioh promises to work an entire revolution in the application of steam to the various purposes of life. People had supposed that about the last improvement that could be made in steam engines had been made, but. this new invention proves that people in supposing this wore mistaken. A machine has been introduced, roportb the Pittslmrq Post , which does - away with the oylindor principle altogether, as well as' with tbe piston, oraok, steam chest, oil can, &c.; : The engine which makes all these changes is the centrifugal steam engine, and is the invention of Benjamin Franklin, of Westmoreland County. Already it has taken a high rank among the recent inventions of tbe day, and it is morally certain to overcome all obstacles and win its way to a foremost position. The most ' competent practioal engineers have examined it, and pronounced its success oertain.' They confidently predict that it will supersede all other kinds. The foots whioh recommend it are many. As we have aaid.it does away entirely with the cylinder principle, depending on centrifugal force. Tbcfs* fhe mechanism is greatly simplified, and the engine is muoh more easily understood and much more economically worked than the old kind.; In tbe new engine friction is entirely ovcroome. It will produce fifteen hundred revolutions to the minute, with one fourth tha steam required to produce the same number of revolutions in the old style, and with the same amount of horse power. Tlie centrifugal steam engine condenses all of its steam, which, it is needless to say, is in itself a great saving; Another prime commendation of the liew eflgine iB the fact that its great simplicity of construction makes it much more economical than tho otlior. It oan be constructed for not more than onefotirth of the expenses required for tho old style, and when made, it is almost impossible for it to get out of order. So simple' is it that a child can ran it, ' Do. you chew tobacco ?' asked o lady, hesitat ing to sit down by a gentleman in a car. ,fNo ma'am I don't,' he replied ; ' biit guess I can got you a chaw if you want one,' Squallid beggar : ' Pray sir take pity on & miserable wretch, I have a wife and six children' Gent: ' My poor fellow, aicept my heartfelt sympathy— ao have I.' : ' . - :???? ? ?-^??- ^ ' ? ? - - - -- ? ? ? ? ? Female Suffrage.— Sorno few women' Whoso names have, remained Upon tbe register have hero and there-contrived W vote. But the great host of 50.000 Claimants has beon dieap pointed. Their appeal against tho rovisinrf barristers has been finally overruled. jQ tha Court of Commons, betore the Lord Chief Justice dnd the three most experienced puistia judges the first case taken, which was decisive of thd question, was from Manchester, where the names of 5,346 fomale claimants have beon expunged from the lists. Mr. Coleridge, with much ability and With an ingenioiis use of precedents, contended in their behalf tbat women had a right to the franchise, which they, exercised In ancient times; and which modern legislation had not taken from them In support of his argument he quoted a number of ancient statutes, commencing with ond passed in thb reign of Henry IV., maintaining that, whatever In those olden times justified men ^ in taking part in elections also justified women in doing so 3 and pointing out instances in which the names of women had been attached to important indentures, returning members to Parliament. Ho urged also tbat in certain parish matters the right of women to vote— ai, for instance, in theeleotionofaseston— had been accorded. He likewise argiied that in ' Lord Homily's Act it was enacted that in future statutes the male gender should include tho female unless the contrary was expressly provided, and that in the New Reform Aot there was no such express provision. It tfas tfue women had not exercised their right for centuries, but that non-exerciBe bad not worked a disfranchisement. The judges/ however, who gave their decision^ separately, laid great stress on this uninterrupted practice of centuries ; and were unanimous in the opinion that there was no sufficient authority for saying tbat by the common law women had a right (a vote for members of Parliament They held that the term ' men' in the last Reform Act did not include women, and ,tbat if it did, still women would oome within tho term ' incapacitated.' Mr Justice Byles, in expressing his concurrence, hoped that the unanimous decision of the Court, coming so soon after the undivided judgment of the Court of Session in Scotland, would for mm lay the ghost of a doubt which should never bavs arisen. It was absurd to suppose that so great an innovation could be carried by antiquarian arguments, or by enrious discussions as togenerio works 5 but it is not likely the publio have hoard the last of this question. Tbe ladies are just now too ambitious to accept defeat in silence. Submarine Tunnel fo connect England and Fkanoe — The following address has been presented to the Emperor of the Frenoh, praying his majesty to support the project of a submarine tunnel between England and Franoe : — ' To his Majesty the Emperor Napoleon the Third. Sire —'We, the undersigned subjects of her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen of England, ara informed that aoommittee of French and English gentlemen propose to ask your majesty's support for the Construction of a submarine tunnel intended to connect the railways of England with those of France— an eminently desirablo wort; which has become necessary to facilitate the social intercourse whioh has so rapidly increased of late years between the inhabitants of tbe two countries, and for the development of theif trade and commerce. The realisation of this .nobis enterprise, by strengthening tho bonds whioh unite two great peoples, will be of immense advantage to both oountriea, in a memorable example of concord offered to other nations. We hove the most oarnest wish for the speedy success of this fruitful! work, and we hope that your majesty will deign to grant it your august protection —We are, Sire, with the most profound respect, your -majesty's most obedient, humble servants.' This address is signed by nearly 100 influential noblemen, members of Parliament, and others, including tho Archbishop of York, the Duke of Argyle, tho Duke of Sutherland, Lord Elcho,and Lord Alfred Specoer Churohbill. Talking Canary.— -In a recenfr number of Once a Week is an account of & talking oanary bird at Birlin, whioh articulates ' Wo bist du/ mein liebes Maetzekin ?' This phenomenon, it is stated, has a perfect storm of excitement in tlie Ornithological Sooiety of Berlin. A oorrrespon' dent, who is well know to us, writes that he is rather astonished at a talking canary bird being such a wonder, but tbat perhaps he is biased by old knowledge/ ' Fifty years ago,' be continues, ' a sister of mine became possessed of a very young canary. She used to amuso herself by repeating to the bird the words, ' Sweet 1 pretty^ pretty, pretty, sweet I ' One day, quite suddenly, —the same thing iB said of tbe Berlin bird,— tho canary burst out with ' Tweet, wioby, wiohy^ wioby, west.' From that day, he gradually loss his old song, and at last gave nothing but tho above words to the day of his death, which wai years after his change of note ' There ara scattered stories which seem to indicaW that manji perhaps most, birds have some power of acquiring articulation. CtritE for Love —Hide in a oloset half a dozen times and listen it) the conversation which take) plaoft between a couple who bavo been married one year, while tbey think themselves entirely alone. A Drunken man, having Vomited Into a basket containing goslings warming by the firo- plaoe, exolaimed in consternation, 'My good wife wben'd I swallor them thingB I' The Reason Why. — Fanny Fern having said that tbe men of the present day were ' fast, Prentice replies ' that they' have to be to oatcK the women.' A Hint tfoit Gfuta of TrtE Period.— ?Lfura — ' Why, Harriet, what a queer way of dping your hair— just like a snail 1' Harriett— ell. my love, I don't think any one can call that a _. Mast' headdress.' _ PrinTed and Published by tbo Proprietors, Abc»iba' j Oamfbelt/ and Joseph Haut. at ! wabba Meboub*,' General Lottor Press Print! ff ; ; : Office, corner of tha Market-squire, Wollongong ! IUftwarra on Friday, February 5th, 18W. ? , ? ; j-* \--- . :f.; :-..,,-? * 1 - - ? ? \- ? i 