Victoria. THE FANCT DBEB8 BALL. The future of the Prince Alfred Hospital is assured. Its venerable competitor may in its time have done the State some service ; it may have alleviated the sufferings of tens of thousands of our fellow creatures ; it may have restored tens of thousands to rude heal'h who, but for it, would have been lost to themselves and to their families, and would have dragged out a wretched existence as paupers and loafers ; ij may have soothed the last hours ot thousands — but did ever it give a Fancy Dress Ball ? Bazaars by the ?core we have seen before. In years put we have been pretty well ac customed to empty our pocketa at the call of a bevy of fair dames, and, in the old times, when Flancus was consul, and before we had fallen ? upon an age ot virtuous Attorney Generals, who, not having any ' small vices themselves, will not allow us to indulge in cakes and ale, we used to enjoy being swindled by lotteries, paying through the nose for factitious letters and fictitious telegrams, and ail the othor ma chinery bf which the pious frauds of charity bazaars are supported. But to dance in order to do good) and to dance not in the plain black dress coat of every day life, but in the tnediseval tight and the classical toga, is a novelty for which we are indebted to the committe of the Prince Alfred Bazaar, and well .most their enterprise have paid them, although they certainly gave full value for the money ; the sapper was. excellent, and well ?erred, so that 'distribution did undo excess, and each man bad enough.' The wines were of the premier era, and the Boederer, the Moet, and the charming Widow Cliquot, ?' the glorious wines of southern France' were Men Jrappe. Chap man's band discoursed most ex cellent music, and their exertions were most ably seconded by that of ''the 14th Regiment. Indeed nothing could be better than the arrange ments of the caterers. Messrs Miller and Smythers, or than the quality of the good things provided by them. Considering the very short notice which had been given to the decorator, Mr Riley. he had worked wonders, and the organ loft, which used to be an eyesore, was converted by the aid of a few banners into a positive ornament. The arrange ments were the same as on the previous occasions. The guests entered by the Latrobe street door. The principal room was devoted to dancing,the rotundo to refreshments; sapper was served in the annex ; the picture and sculpture galleries, the ethnological museum and the garden being appropriated lor pro menading. The visitors commenced to arrive at a quarter before 9, and entered the principal entrance after having ran the gauntlet of a great deal of masquerade™. There was no formal which had assembled to quiz the chaff from a very numerous crowd receptioD, and tbj first quadrille oommenced at half-paBt nine. From that time until four a.m. on the following morning dancing was car xitd on with scarcely any intermis sion, and, after the orthodox twenty-four dances had been got through, and Sir Roger de Uoverley was supposed to have brought the 'ball to a close, so exigeant were a large number of the visitors that the band had to strike up a gallop. Indeed had not the musicians bees compelled to give up through utter exhaustion, there is every reason to believe that some of the visitors would have imitated the young lady in the ballet of 'La Giselle' or -Les 'Wilis,' we forget which for the moment, and gone on dancing for ever. The people of Melbourne, when they go to fancy balls, go to dance. Flirting, eating, driuking, and talking are made subsidiary to the main businsss in hand. They do not go to eit still, and, as n gene ral rule, they have not the slighter, intention of endevouring to sus tun the characters they are supposed to represent Last night was no exception to the general rule. The levelling spirit of the age wai fully recognized. Countesses and com mon, sailors, dukes and Dolly Vardens, walked and waltzed in loving familiarity. Religious ani mosities were thrown on one side monks cast eoft looks at Mahome tans and Pagans, Christians and Abyssinians, Turks and Jews, were to be found in the same quadrille, while Frenoh vivsodieres adminis tered consolation to Austrian officers, Arab chiefs and Mexican guerillas. There were.bowever.afew exceptions. Some very difficult parts were well played. Agentlemaa of preternatural tallness, thinness, and lightheadedness, had got him mM' up as a lamp-post. His head was chastely enveloped in a common street lamp, while a email ladder was fastened to his back, bo that any person of an aspiring turn might climb up the back of his neck. Another gentleman of gha9tly, not to say charnel- house, description, had got himself up as a ghost, and he certainly looked horrible enough to satisfy the most morbid imagina tion. He must, however, have been a man whose appearance terribly belied him, or else an exceptionally good parti, tor he eeemed to know all the prettiest girls in the room, aud to be a great favourite with the match-making mammas. Another gentleman, dressed in the costume ot the last century, created a pro found sensation. He. occupied himself during the entire evening in delivering what were at first feared to be write, and a painful effect was produced by a report being circu lated by Borne wag that an enter prising Melbourne tradesman had taken, this opportunity of making a raid by serving write upon all bis debtors. Indeed one person went so far as to say that they were not merely writs but that they were fraud summonses. On going to the active individual himself, we found that his harmless ecoentricity con sisted in the delivering prospectuses of a company for resuscitating the South Sea bubble, and that the fun consisted in employing as provisi onal directors the names of well known Melbouane lame-ducks and absconders. A very old colonist, Mr. Alex. Hunter, essayed the part of a Fishwife, and certainly showed histrionic talents which must for years have been wasted in curing ecab and breeding horses. His Scotch would make the fortune of a dozen actors, and his archness and humour were irresistable. Paul Pry and Punch were there, and were as effective as these characters gene rally are ; and there were some half-, dozen negro serenaders whose antics were a nuisance to every one they came in contact with. The officers of the 14th and of the Galatea were, as a general rule, in uniform ; but several of the Prince's suit wore the dress of common seamen. The resources of the Theatre Royal had been called very largely into reqni sition, and we noticed many cos tumes which we have been accustomed to see at a greater distance. One young lady, as Paris, was most prettily got up ; and the well known abiliments in which Mr. Harwood, in Kobinson Crusoe, used to walk ' in the Zoo,' were introduced last night. Amsng the most effective dresses in the room was that of Mrs. Butters, who illus trated the character of Photography. Her dress and bertha were of white moire* antique silk, trimmed with blue satin and silver, and orna mented with photographs of persons ' remarkable either for their posi tion, their services, or their virtues,' Captain Humphreys, as the Duke of Buckingham, was spledidty and cor rectly attired ; and there was a Mary Queen of Scotts, which made us cease to wonder at the frenzy of Chaslelar, and the devotion of young Douglas. The fair sex ehone out brilliantly, and completely dazzled us with their charms. Pretty ieet and ankles, and delicate silk stock ings were displayeed with charming nonchalance, and mamas looked on apparently approving. The com mittee had acted with great discre tion in excluding all persons against whose character the breath of sus picion could be raised, and there was no mere than one instance is which ' Thais sat at Alexander's feast.' Children were there in abundance, and very charming and fairy-like they looked, although at the conclusion of the ball their pretty little faces assumed a jaded and worn-out appearance. The kind ness of the stewards in admitting black coats had been taken advan tage of to a considerable extent, but the funeral-like dross relieved the eye from the brilliant glare of colour, and by contrast looked well, while the wearers patronieingly sug gested to the unfortunates who were staggering under a load of fur coats or r.hain^armour, that they felt de lightfully cool and comfortable, ' and besides, my dear boy, my dress coat cost nothing.' Amongst the guests were nearly all the lead ers of Victorian society, although neither the Governor nor any of the ladies of hie family were present. Mr. Manners Sutton, Mr. C. E. Bright, and Lieutenant Rothwell arrived at an early period of the evening, and several of the minis ters and members of both Houses of Parliament, the Mayor and May oress, were there. We are enabled to state that the Prince was in the ballroom for several hours, and although in a very close disguise, enjoyed himself exceedingly. THE DUKE OF EDINBUEQH'S DE PARTURE. The day fixed for the Prince's de parture having come, H.M.S. Gala tea and her Royal captain left Hob son's Bay yesterday, en route for Sydney. The proceedings were quite of a piece with those of the rest of his sojourn among us. and the embarkation was as private ai possible. It would have been quite irivate, bnt that the pervading loyalty of the people, and their strong feeling in favour of H.R.H. prevented it, and a few thousand persons found themselves quite un able to deny themselves the pleasure of one more look at the Prinoe, and one more cheer in his honour. It bad been arranged that the Prinoe should leave tho town pier at Sandridge at half-past twelve; and, accordingly a strong body of police took up their station at that point to keep the crowd in order. A troop of mounted men, under In spector Disney, and seventy foot constables, under Superintendent Lyttleton and Inspector Rabat were thus enabled to prevent a repetition of the unseemly scene which oc curred at the Prince's arrival j whije ample means were lefi for the public to see what was to be seen. His Royal Highness, accompanied by His Excellency the Governor and their respective suites, with an escort of mounted police under Superintendent Hare, left Toorak in His Excellency's carriages shortly before noon, and as the cortege drove across through Emerald - hill to Sandridge, there were crowds as sembled at the best points of obser vation to give a parting cheer, which the prince acknowledged with a courtesy even more graceful and hearty than was his wont. Through out the day, indeed till the last adieux were paid, his manner ap peared to evince no little apprecia tion of the feeling displayed towards himself. In the meantime his arrival at Sandridge was eagerly looked for. The houses there were gay with flags, and the place ewamed with the people who had come to Bee him off. There could not have been less than 6,000 or 7,000 persons assembled, At the western side of the pier was the little steamer Pharos, in holiday trim, au?l having on board a large company invited for the occasion. Among those present were the Hon. J. M'Culloch, Chief Secretary ; the Hon. J. M. Grant, Minister of Lands ; the Hon. G. P. Smith, Attorney- General ; the Hon J. J. Casey, Miniiter of Justice; the Hon C. E. JoneB, Commissioner of Railways ; the Hon Captain MacMahon, Colonel Tre vor, C.B. ; Mr N. Chevalier, who was going on board to join the Prince's suite, and accompany him upon his travels ; and others of more orless of ofisiil or -jo ji*l rnk Further down the pier the Bhlps were crowded, especially the Mogul and Asie Mineure, which, from their size, offered a good post of observa tion, and whose decks and rigging were crammed with people. At a quarter to one o'clock Hi» Excellency's carriages arrived in Sandridge, and the Royal party alighted, amid deafening salvos of eheers, mingled with cries of ' God bless the Duke,' ' We wish you fortune,' ' A good voyage to you.' and similar expressions of the popular sentiment. These demon strations did not cease as the Prince, who was in undress naval uniform, accompanied by His Excellency, the Hon Eliot Iforke, Lieutenant Haie, Captain Standish, Mr Manners Sutton, and Lieut. Roth well walked down the pier. As they reached the landing stage, the Mayor of Melbourne (Councillor ThomaB Moubray), whith whom was Alderman Wragge, stepped forward and, on behalf of the citizens of Melbourne, wished the Royal Duke a pleasant and prosperous voyage. His Royal Highness seemed much pleased at this mark or respect, and shook hands oordially with his worship. He then, fol lowed by His Exoellenoy and the rest of the party, went down the steps and on board the Pharos, which immediately cast off and steamed away. This occupied a few minutes, during which the vast crowd, no longer restrained by the police, rushed to the space pre viously kept clear, and yielded to their emotions in vehement hurrahs. As long as he could be seen from the shore, the Prince stood at the gangway, and appeared to take pleasure in bowing his acknowledg ments. The public fare well .was now over. The Pharos soon discharged her passengers on board the Galatea, and then the Governor prepared to take his leave A few bottles of champagne were discussed, the last hand shakings followed, and then His Excellency and suite, the members of the Ministry, snd moat of the others returned. Some dozen or bo of private friends remained, but before long a boat from H.M.V.S. Nelson carried them off, too. At a quarter after two o'clock the Galatea weighed anchor, and steamed majestioaliy away. The steamers Mystery and Hercules, full of passengers, aoocgip&ded; Uo some ten miles dowathsbsyja i gave the ship a parting cheer as they turned baok. And bo ended Prince Alfred's second visit to Victoria. ME. WALTER MONTGOMEEY'S FABEWELL APPEABANCE. A very numerous audience attended last evening at St George's hall, to witness Mr Walter Mont gomery's farewell appearance prior to his leaving this colony for Sydney to-day. The entertainment was one of those '' reoitala ' which Mr Montgomery has made so popular, not only in Melbourne, but in all of the many country towns of ths colony which he has viiited. One seotion of the back part of the hall was occupied by the sailor lads of the Training-ship, who were treated to the entertainment, and appeared to take great pleasure in it. The programme presented by Mr Montgomery comprised a selec tion of the pieces which have been most successful in winning popular favour in his various recitationB. It opened with Burn's ' Epistle to a Young Friend,' which was followed by Tennyson's exquisitely poetical version of the Coventry legend of 'Lady Godiva.' In the Shaks perian selections, which oame next, the speeches of Brutus and Marc Antony from 'Julins Caesar,' the highly- trained elocutionary powers of the reciter were forcibly dis played, and those great examples of dramatic oratory were given in a manner which at once explained the successive effects they produced on the wild democracy of Rome. The churchyard scene from ' Hamlet' was nexl given, and the various characters, the dull stupidity of the one gravedigger, and the pert, con sequential, would-be-witty, self oonceit of the other, the calm quiet intelligence of Horatio, and the abstract, inquisitive, restless philos ophy of Hamlet, were admirably depicted and discriminated. That most remarkable piece of elocution, when given by Mr Montgomery, Poe'e ' Bells,' followed next in order, and the varying tones of the bells in ringing their different messages of pleasure, love, terror, or bereavement were again repro duced in the manner with which Mr Montgomery's hearers are familiar and which never fails to call forth their warmest expression ofapplause. Next was given a most animated recitation of ' Shamus O'Brien,' followed by an admirable reading of Tennyson's ( Northern Farmer,' in which the strong, hard features, and the quaint, grim humour, of that singular poem, were most characte ristically presented. A spirited and vigorous recitation of Macaulay's heroic lay of * Horatius,' concluded the programme, each successive por tion of which was followed by loud and hearty plaudits from the audience. Before commencing the last piece, Mr. Montgomery made allusion to the regret which he could not but feel at leaving a city where he had met with so kind a reception ; and mentioned that he had been re minded each tims that he stepped behind the curtain, by the presence there of a presentation volume, that there was to be a little ceremony — the presentation of a keepsake from some half-dozen friends — to take placeat the end of the reading. Alter the conclusion of the last piece, several gentlemen, of whom Dr Nield was chosen spokesman, went on to tbe platform, and the presen tation volume— a handsomely bound copy of the photo- lithographed fac simile of the quarto ' Shakspeare' having been brought forward. Dr. Nield addressed Mr. Mont gomery, and observed that n few weeks ago, he and a few other gentlemen, who had often had the pleasure of hearing Mr. Mont gomery, determinsd to present him with the volume he held in his hand. They regretted that it was the last time that they would hear Mr. Montgomery for some time, but hoped that after a while they would have that pleasure again. They had intended to make the presenta tion privately after the close of the night's readings ; but as Mr. Mont gomery had become aware of it, and mentioned it to the audience, it now became necessary that it should be done in public. Having read the inscription inside the cover, Dr. Neild hoped that the volume would bs accepted ai an humble tribute of the admiration of those by whom it was presented. Mr. Montgomery, in reply, said— Dr. Neild and Gentlemen,— I. don't know how sufficiently to thank you for this great compliment. I sup pose that in the most serious matter occurring in our lives there is to be found an amusing side. In this case I had qot the smallest idea that the presentation was not meant to be public That was why I mentioned it to the aadience. Upon my word, I would rather that it had been private (laughter). I would, upon my word (renewed laughter). Why, if I had known of this, would it not have made a splendid advertise ment ? (laughter). But given has it is juBt as I am going away — &b; I am going by the ' Wonga Wonga' to-morrow — I can't make any use of it in that way. But, Dr. Nield and gentlemen, I can use it in another way, for you know how I prize its contents. Shakespeare ib certainly a good fellow. He does not- charge any dramatio authors' fees (laughter). I may play his works for ever, and there is no Dramatio Authors' Society to come down upon me (laughter). I don't know how to thank you enough for this token of your esteem. It is part and paroel of tbe kindness I have always received amongst you. I can't express the feelings with which — (slightlaughter). Ladies and gentlemen, I don't think that you believe me to be altogether a hum bug, when I say that I am very grateful for the kindness paid me, Tbe audience then dispersed. DESEBTEBB FROM H.M.8.8 GALATEA. There have been several deser tions, it appears, from H.M.S.S. Galatea. On tbe 25th and 26th ult,, as we learn from the Victoria Police Gazette, there were six deserters. These were — Isaac Alqer, English, leading stoker, aged twenty-four , 5ft. Sin. high, brown hair, hazel eyes, George Gruett, English, able seaman, aged twenty-seven, 5ft. Sin. h'gh, light brown hair, blue eyes. George A. Brown, English, able seaman, aged twenty-four, 6ft 4in. high, light brown hair, hazel eyes, Thos Stephens, bandsman, aged twenty-six, 5ft. *in. high, black hair, grey eyes. JoBeph Dumble, able seaman, a Dorsetshire man, aged twenty-five, 5ft 8in. high, brown hair, and eyes. And George W. Stringer, a Lin colnshire man, aged thirty, 5ft. 9in. high, brown hair, blue eyes. A small reward is offered for the apprehension of each of these men. Warrants have been issued for the arrest of five others who deserted at Port Adelaide. ANTICIPATED DEPAETtTBE OF W. CHEVALIEB IN THE GALATEA. Mr N. Chevalier, one of the best of our Victorian painters of Austra lian landscapes, is going home with Prince Alfred in the Galatea, and a few of his friends and admirers assembled' in Mr E, L. Montefiore's office, Hall of Commerce, on Satur day, to present him with a testi monial previous to his departure. The testimonial, which consisted of an address expressive of kind wishes and so forth, stated that the com mittee thought it better to defer the commission to paint a memorial picture for the Gallery of Art in Victoria, as they believed they could trust to Mr Chevalier to execute a worthy work when he had arrived home. Mr. Chevalier thanked the committee and other gentlemen who had joined in the presentation, and assured them tnat he would endeavour to accomplish a work worthy of Victoria and the gallery in which it would be placed. H.M. KING JERRY ROBBED OF A SOVEREIGN. King Jerry, of Geelong, had a sovereign given to him by the Duke of Edinburgh, but it was stolen from him a few minutes afterwards by some clever thief, who cut the pocket out of his trousers. SUPPOSED POISONING OF TWO 8WAGMEN. A story has had the run of some of the country papers that two trampers, staying on their journey at Glenormiston, the Hon Neil Black's station, were poisoned by drinking arsenical water left exposed in an open butt, and that the treat ment the men received was scarcely humane. This sort of tale never loses in the telling, and so we pub lish a narrative of the exact circum stances, supplied to us from au authentic source. It was on the evening of the 18th February that thirteen trampB called at Glenormiston, and one of them was noticed walking slightly unsteadily. They all had supper, and went to bed in a cottage con sisting of three rooms. In the morning two of them were reported unwell, and the bookkeeper saw them, and took them some tea. Shortly afterwards, Mr Finley and Mr Black were in the office, when the gardener came and said that one ot the men had died. They went to see the body, and after making the room eeoure, a doctor was sent for from Terang^ for another of the men who waB sick ; and the polioe man at Terang was also communi cated with, that the coroner might be informed of the facts. The policeman, however, had hurt him self, and could not oome, so the bookkeeper rode off to Mortlake to give the requisite notice there. The Bick man had an attendant to wait upon him all day, and in answer to Mr Black and Mr Finley, who talked with him, he denied that he or his mate had had anything that could hurt them since they left some plaoe beyond Mr Manifold's station. He did not know who his mate was, and he had no friends in the colony. Mr Black gave him medicine, and never left him till the doctor came. The poor fellow died next day. In some of the accounts given of this affair it has been reported that a cask of solution of anenic had been left carelessly open near the men's hut, whereas the fact iB that such a solution was kept in an outoftbe way part of the bflok premises, in an iron tank on wheels, with 'poison' in large letters painted over the tap. The well, with a trough full of clean water, stood near the men's place for general accommodation. The poor fellows who died are supposed to have been runaway sailors. INVENTION OF A GUN FOB USE UHDEB WATEB. So long sinoe as 1863 a series of elaborate experiments as to the practicability of using submerged guns as weapons of naval warfare, was made by order of the British Admiralty. There were then tried several inventions which were said to be sure of succcbb, but the obsta cles were in each case too great (o be overcome, and the question still remains an open one whether such an arm can be brought into use. Mr Robert Wilcox, of Melbourne, believes he has overcome the diffi culties of the case. His plan con sists of a breech-loading gun, which he proposes to run out from the ship's side for a distance of twelve feet. The barrel so projecting is of turned metal, and runs through a globe joint, the inner section of which is closely packed so as to exclude the water in the advance or recoil of the gun. The breech, which is between decks, is fitted with a screw, immediately before the shet plate, by raising which a jet of compressed air is thrown into, the barrel after each discbarge, thus driving out the water, and answer ing the purpose of sponging. The chambers into which the charge is put are double, and shift upon the gun being fired, so as to bring a solid face to the end of the barrel and exclude the water, until it is again expelled by a turn of the air-screw. ? The breech-piece then moves on and presents a second charge for firing, and these chambers can be increased to a larger number, so as to secure rapid firing. The depression or elevation of the gun is provided for by the action of the globe-joint referred to, and the recoil is controlled by the ordinary appliances. A model of the gun has been prepared by Mr Wilcox, and submitted to competent authorities, who have pronounced favourably upon it, MONTGOMERY SHEDS A TEAR ON THE ?CCAEION OF TBE PRINCE'S DEPAR TURE. The ' Age' displays a little pungent wit at the expense of the ' great' tra gedian, in the following paragraph :— After our royal visitor bad taken his leave of our city and steamed down the bay in his noble frigate yesterday, he perhaps left at least one wet eye behind him. It was that of an eminent trage dian, thoroughly dismayed, the great actor strolled down Collins-street in the afternoon, to endeaTour to diisipate the ennui that would almost consume his soul. He was met by a distin guished solicitor, remarkable for bis love of the drama, who, from a pocket next his heart produoed a pieoe of paper and banded it to the popular tragedisn. The well-known actor took it tremb lingly, and opened it nervously, as we sometimes see the players handle tbe mysterious doouments of a sensation drama. The lawyer, considering the overpowered feeling* of his friend, as sisted him to deoipher the sad sentence of the telegram— (for suoh it was)— 'The booming- of the cannon has osased at the Heads.' Alfred is gone. The eminent tragedian dropt a tear on the povement, and Molly looked up sympathisingly. THEFT BY A LETTER CARRIER. Letters containing remittance! havs frequently never reached their destina tion when despatched through the Mel' bourne Post Offioe, and the reason of this has never been dearly shown, though it was pretty well guessed that some of the employe's had abstracted the money and destroyed the missives. Something like a clue may, perhaps, be furnished in the ease of a postman named Robert Cooper, who was arrested ob Friday morning in the very act of stealing from the till of tbe British Queen Hotel, on the Pentridge-road. He was in the habit of Bitting for the hour together smoking and reading the paper over a pint ijf beer in the bar, aacl for some time paBt small sumB of money had been missed from the till in the bar counter. This at last btcatne so frequent an ooonrrenoe that the pri soner was suspeDted, and on Friday morning deteitive Black kept a watch on him. The prisoner sat in the bar 1 alone for seme time, then carefully got I up, looked round, end finding no one I near, readied over to the till, opened it, I and pocketed some silver. There were I altogether sine shillings in the till, all I tbe ooins having been marked, and de- II tective Black, who bad watobed the I whole transaction through a oraok in the partition, proceeded to search the pri soner in the preeenoe of the landlord, when several of the marked coins were found on him. He was immediately taken izito custody, and on further search four letters were found in his possession. He said he had been un able to find the address, but as they appeared to oontain money this does not seem a very likely tale. At the City Court on Saturday be was re manded to Fitzroy. 