ADVENTURES OF A THEATRE PROPRIETOR, i j '. (From Spring; Creek Leader.) ' We have to relate one of the most remarkable episodes in real life, that has yet been revealed on this gold-field. About three months ago, a respectably- dressed, smart-looking gentleman makes his debut on Spring Creek, as the partner in a flourishing hotel and theatre business. Ha introduces an accomplished young lady as his wife, and by his activity and gentlemanly habits makes himself conspicuous amongst his convivial friends, and becomes a general favorite both off and on the stage. His personal appearance, raven hair, neat well-trimmed jet moustache, polite manners, fashionable attire and good address, rendered him a tion among his gender the pride of the platform, and beloved of the barmaids. He goes to Melbourne, engages a company, tells them of a magnificent hotel, commodious theatre, crowded houses, liberal diet and wages, and they fold up their muslins! pack up their slippers, wigs and weapons, and finally bid adieu to the metropolis to pursue their career on a new Eldorado. Arrived at their destination, ideal visions of comfortable quarters, magnificent buildings and wealthy proprietors are dispelled. Weatherboard walls, unplanned and unpainted ; audiences, demonstrative enough, breathing forth volumes of smoke, form part of the dreary prospect. The curtain fell on act the first, and the deluded damsels, the too confiding father, and the gay professionals were undeceived. The prospect was anything but pleasing money anything but plentiful. Certainly there was plenty to eat and drink and be merry with for store keepers were credulous, wine and spirit merchants eager for orders, and the firm ranked high in public estimation. The theatre, was nightly crowded. Out friend D. sang j and acted on the platform, walked the stage with the majestic airs of an old professional, while his partner J. brought forth melody, sweet, magical and bewitching, with the touch of the bow in the orchestra beneath. However, there is an end to all things, and there was an end to D.'s days of felicity and conjugal bliss. Creditors became pressing, benefits became plentiful, so plentiful that at last they would not take. Even the Heatchoto hospital withdrew its, support and administered a sharp rebuke to the proprietors for using its name for their advantage,] capacious burabaihffs haunted the house night and day. The money taken at the doors diR-, appeared, and poor servants wanted to know you. know where the proceeds went to. Rats forsake a sinking ship, and the public began to forsake the Varieties. There was an attempt made to, resuscitate the fallen prodigy but it proved fruitless. The once gaudy curtains grew dusty with disease the scenery lost its gay effect, and the brilliantly lighted ball revelled nightly in darkness ; the paint fled from the forlorn countenances of the disappointed company the wives of the work dorful " appolonian anticline" vibrated' his, more by the touch of the unpaid fingers and the " Marionettes" concealed their antics in a cordial manufactory. The lively and versatile "D." had many picnics, and the best Sinclair's hams wore gobbled upon the banks of the Goulburn without the slightest compunction, regardless of the tradesmen's bill. At length the poor printer took the alarm, and boat a fruitless chase, until "D." pleaded poverty, and he forgave him. One morning the hotel is closed, and placards announcing the sale of the property by auction cover its walls. Just about this time. a sham attempt is made to prosecute the. prop' proctors for illicit grog selling, but the avenue, inspector is defeated the evidence is i,usnflicien,t and D." escapes. The house is sold under a bill of sale, the broken-hearted creditors turn up the white of their eyes to heaven, and the pale-faced actor (take Hamlet's ghost) takes a last agonising look at the scope of his misfortunes and " skedaddles." but " U." baa a holder part to play -^ he don't me away-by no means, although his fair and angelic partner off his griefs and sorrows has turned the back of her crinoline on Spring Creek, and her face, towards Melbourne, he lingers behind, takes up his lodgings in the centre of the township, and forms an acquaintance with his recent persecutor, the revenue inspector. At an early hour one; morning the driver of a gingerbeer conveyance belonging to on his victims, himself, on the, 1 point of collapsing, is accosted by 'VD." who, for the purpose of airing his dark moustache and [ clean paper collar, accompanies him on a tour amongst his numerous customers. Of course none of the unlicensed shanty keepers suspect the late proprietor of an unlicensed hotel and D." does a capital stroke in his now capacity of a informer, securing in a very short time no less than nearly thirty defaulters. "D." is much a more liberal than usual ; his thirst is insane , able, and his companion readily believes him the jolliest of dogs. Again the curtain, crops on, [ " D." ; but the interval between the scenes in ? short, and when next it rises the stage is trains I forred from the Lyceum, theatre in the Heath a case, where justice, sits in solemn dignity , before a crowded audience, surrounded by a portly army of lawyers, reporters, constables and process servers. One after another the vm-. licensed vendors of beer are brought to account, a few are fined and some escape. But alas ! for the ends of justice, the first of the " D" batch are called upon, but the summonses are dis-. ' covered to be destitute of the stamp and seal, and, the day of retribution, to the dismay cattle. I revenue inspector and the quondam friend " DAY ! is necessarily postponed. The curtain, faVabnoa I more. A few days elapse and again it uses. This time the scene is in the bar of an hotel in the centre of the township. Detective O'Leary stands alongside of "D." administering to his wants and inviting him to take a walk. They leave in company, wending their way towards the police station, where they had an affectionate farewell at the door of a padlocked building of unusual strength. In perfect amazement the simple amateurs caught the news and learned the particulars of "D's" wonderful transformations. The spurious " D." was a genuine "0." But a few months before his raven hair, so black and glossy, had been a light brown, his shaven chin had worn a busby board of goodly dimensions. His occupation was that of a drover. Entrusted with a flock of sheep to take to Beechworth, he is said to have sold 400 at Rutherglen and decamped with the proceeds on the 8th of December last. The rest we have already related. Visiting Spring Creek immediately afterwards, he purchased a half interest in the only large place of amusement on the rush, it is supposed with the proceeds of the flock. Yesterday, he was the first to figure before the bunch in a new court house, and was remanded to Rutherglen, The proprietors of the shanties who were about to be prosecuted hold ft general rejoicing, and sacrificed their remaining stock of spirits at the shrine of persecuted Bacchus. So terminates this exciting drama for the present, and the curtain involuntarily, falls on the case of an eminent actor. star ",,,, ,,, I . 'T J : is 