rTIHE SHIP ON FIBE— A VOIOE OF WARNING. A . S Jfi 11 M O W Dolivorod on Sunday Evening, 8th November, 1863, on the burning of the Ship ' Amazon,'' By tho Eov. O. 11. SPORGEON', At tho Metropolitan Tabornaole, Nowiugton. ' Escape for thy life.' — Gonosis xix. 17. ' Thou hast magnified thy mercy, whieh thou hast showed unto me in Baving my life.' — Genosis xix. 19. Hero is the alarm of mercy declaring tho sinner's duty — 'iSBcape for thy life.' Here lathe work of grace, and the gratitude of. the dinner after he is saved 'Thou hast maeulQed thy, moroy,. which thou hast. showed unto me in saving my lire The other day, there sailed down tho Thames as stout a vosuol as had ever ploughed the deep. The good Hhip ' Amazon,' bad sailed the broad Pacific many a time, and what is there to hinder her from once moro reaching America in safety? 'Who would refuse to underwrite her? Who among her. crow or passengers has a fear for her safety? But in tho book of Pro - videnco, there was a black lino against that ship, and novor moro could nho reach her dosirod ' haven. , Tho wind was exceedingly high : the voaRel tarried awhile at Gravesend. There was a little improvement' in the woather : she sailed a littln further ; but cast' anchor again, and remainod off ; BroadBtairR. Matters went as usual in such woather. 'Night came on ; - the -vatch was change! as usual ; 'tho 'Captain turned in, feeling that all was right and safo. The passengers wore snag in thoir benh; — ajlittle the worse, perhaps; for tho roll of the ship, but as assured 'of security as men could bj. In a moment, what a. change had' taken place! A passenger perceives1' a: smell of fire; 'the warning-cry is raised. Kveryone rushes upon dock. Attempts are madoto quench the flro ; 'but when the hatohoa are lifted up[ the wind rushes irij and' tho fire la fanned to a oroadful,: ; all-devouring conflagration. Further effort is of no avail, Rockets aro. flrocl, aB the signals of dlstr^B-i.' The boats aro let down,' crowded with tho passengers,'.'/ A| ;,luggor puts off to hor.'anda Btoam-tug histens to 'tho roscuo, and,' .thanks' be UDto tho God of ? providence, all ?? the' passengers— tli'e captain and chief ofllcera last— are tuUon on ooardttie' vessels and carried to Margato.'whoro they see the' molancholy, and yot satisfactory spectacle of iheir vossel burning to the water's edge, and then disappear ing from view. Now, as the good brother who was captain to that vessel constantly comes hero when he is on slioro, andanhois sitting in tho midst of ygu to-night, I, thought I might -use the burning of this vesBel as a' picture of spiritual things, out of which I might make an illustrated Bormon. These things happen not without design', and should not escape without im provement, Two things, thon, to-night : they are both in the text and in the Btory of tho ship on ilro. First, an alarm— 'Eaoape for thy life; secondly, -grateful acknowledgment — 'Thou .has magnified thy mercy, which thou llftB t showed' unto mo in saving my life.' I. First, an alarm. ?? ? We come hare to-night, to raise an alarm. 'True; ministers of God are great alarmists. It is their duty to be Hlce Barnabas, who was a Bon of consolation: but it 1b equally their auty to be Hlce Boanerges— sons of thunder. Thunder does not rock men to sleep, and plays no pleasant tuue for fools to dunoe to ; with its crash and roar, it wakes a slumbering wor.d, and its .drdad'volloys, echoed peal on poal, .afford no dulcet notos for dainty earn. God's servants should loam to thunder ; for whon God speaketh. through them, thevolcoof the ;Lor'd is powerful and full of majesty;: and in his temple doth ovoryono speak of his glory .The alarm wo litive to give to-night, is that of the angel to Lot, with an emphasis of . meaning— ' Esaape . for thy life:' It is an alarm Huprgostod by tremendouH 'danger..' Wlien ike ory of 'Fire!: flre! flro'!' ran along tho decks, and tho oibins, add Uio Baloons of ttio ?' Amazon,' evoryono know . that^ there was no small danger to be encountered, for llamo is a oruol . i tyrant '.and' devours remorselessly; Tho very; word 'Flro! ' has a razor- edge about it, outting to tho very quick. Terror has Ilro lor hor first-born. But tho ultirin we have to ralxo is concerning ta'ina'ter more tarriflOBiill — add to the word ''Fire,' that dreadful syllable 'Hell,' and then what shall moro alavm than ' Hell Ilro V' In that cry, we comprehend such weighty matters a* : otorntty alone can reveal. The wrath to come! The judgment, of tuo Jilerual! The wrath of tho Most High ! Fire, whoa it is at its most furious pitch, !b but a plaything compared with hell flro ; yea, . when it consumed a ciiy ; whei^it iuns down the rod lips of a volcano, Mil bin iel) thousands ; whotiituots ho sky and earth upon a hlazo as in Kgytit'u plaguos, it is but child's play compared with iho wrath of God, ?ndthat Tophet which isproparod of old,' the pllo ..whereof is wood and much umoko. Hero Is somo tUlng at which the joints of a niah'a'lolns may well be looBod, for there is eternity in it, inflnity in it, deity in It ; and whero those threo aro set against a man, woe : unto him. ..It is as whon the flro 1b not iu battle urray against the stubble. Well may it be', written by tho prophet, 'Tho sinners in Zion are afraid; foarfulnesa hath burpriBod ihe ?hypocrites. Who among* us shall dwell' with Iho devouring fire? Who among us ehall dwell with everlasting burning.' Sinner, by the cruBhing terror of the woe which comoth, I beseech theo, ' Escape for thy life ' — ?;' ? v ; It. is a danger no c to bo overcome. Tho flro-ongino was brought out upon the deck of tho burning saip ; attemptH were made to extinguish the fire; but tho mischief was far too much in power to be driven from its stronghold. Tho like may be boldly declared of the evil whioh -cometh upm- the ungodly. Sinner, your danger issuch that you cannot contend -with it by any power of your own. Th-ro is a flro of sin within, you whioh you cannot quench ; there is a fire of hell without you which no ' dropsieven of ; your own blood shall bo able to extinguish. You aro in a danger which you are unable to copo with. Thore is no pos Bibillty that if you remain in- it, your utmost exertions or moat strenuous efforts can avert the certain ruin which your state must bring upon you; If you negleot the only way of salvation, how can you escape ? What ? awaits you but a fearful looking for of judgment and ? of Hory indignation V The pillars of heaven tremble: and are astonished at the roproof of the Lord of hosts — how, thon, canBt thou endure the tempest of his ' anger, and the fury of his hot displeasure ? 'O sinner, seek his face, . Whoso wrath chou canst not bear; Fly to the dying Savlour'swounds, ... And find salvation thore.' It is a danger, too, a torriQo danger wh'ch makes no exception to anyone. The- captain is as much in danger as the poorest cabin-boy, if he cannot escape from tho burning ship. Tho rich man, with ingots of gold in his oabin, will aB. certainly be burned alive as the poor traveller who could scarcely pay bis passage. There is no distinction of. persons in the judgments of God. Sinner, you may bo great and mighty, but you shall go ' down to hell unless grace shall save you.: Woman, thou mayst,. bo : amiable in thy temper, and ? excellent in thy deportment, but thou Shalt perish as : surely as a harlot, unless : Christ have pity upon thee. Man, thou mayst bo upright, and shine . before thy fellow-morchanta as one of excellent repute, but the' wrath of Godabidoth. on theo except thou fleeBt to Jesus ; for there is.nono other name given under, heaven wheroby, ye must be saved ; and out of that! name, and apart from that name, whoever thou: mayet bo, though thou wort monarch of seven empires, thou art still In danger. Rich and poor, high and low, learned and ignorant, my cry is to you all, ' O earth, ' earth, earth, hear the Word of the Lord!' Do not forgot that we are in danger of a'cbnsuining fire— a danger which kills without remedy. It is not a flro which merely singos arid scorches, but a flre which burns to ashes. Ab yonder ship must be burnod up, and every passenger who cannot leave its burning deck must be consumed, so you, O unconverted men, are in danger of ufrer destruction from tho presonco of Hid Lord. ./?For, .behold, the day comoth that shall burn aB an oven ; and all tho proud, yea, aad all that do wiokodly, shall be stubble : and the day that comoth shall burn thorn up, saith the Lord of hosts, that it shall leavethem neither root nor branch.' I would I could speak upon this dreadful tubject in a proper manner. Whitflold had tones and emotions whioh were fitting for such a subjoot. Ho would cry out '?Oh, tho wrath to come Tho wrath to come! The wratn to como ! ' Ho would cry. I say, until alibis hearers responded with, 'What must we do to be saved ? ' And good Baxter, trembling lest ho Bhoutd bo guilty of meh'B blood, while he delivered tho message, as a dying man to dying men— knew the terrors of tho law, and right earnestly he persuaded men to escape for their lives. . O Sirs, if I saw you in a burning house, there were not half so much need of earnestness aB when I see you in the midst of a mass of sin and corruption which muht be consumed by God's anger, and you with it. Sinner, why wilt, thou dio? What can all thoe? What besots theo that' thou dost not perceive anything dreadful In the wrath of him who made thee ? He can dash whole worlds to pieces — what can ho not do with thee? Hast thou Icarnod ; to be callous when thou heareBt of eternity? Has thine ear grown cold to that dread ful word, 'C!onrInmTin.tlnn?' Oanst thou road the story of taone to whom ho said, 'Depart ye curse \' and not tramble ? Oanst thou know that thou art this day ia danger of the judgment, and not bo afraid? When tho sword is sharp, and furbished, and taken out of its sheath, canst thou play about its edge ? Oanst thou yot makominh? Then is there indeed, need forme to cry to theo, and for all God's faiih f ul ministers to cry with louder voice than mine — ' Escape ? oscape ! escape for thy life.' The alarm of flre was needed because of the secu rity of the persons in danger. Many on board the ' Amazon' were sound asleep. Oh, how dreadful to be awakened out of a sleep with the cry of '? Fire ! flro! flro?' Somoof them, when they awoke, BOuniod to have beon so startled and so confused, that they had fairly to be dragged out of thoir berths that they might bo rescued. There were nono tuoro, wo have reason to believe, who would have been kept below through their own drunkenness or the carelossness of tho crew. They were in a right stato, with this ex ception, of- course, that they wore all alarmed— and men alarmed aro not always ready to do tho wisest thing, and as for tho captain and his men they Beem to have been as Rouaible' aa they wero bravo. ? My hoareis, God's ministers have to deal with passengers much moro difficult to handlo. Are not mon asleep 1 Till the voice of God awakens us, wo aro all atileep. How you and I walked for yeaw, and years, and yours, upon tho brink of tho grave, as utterly unconcerned aB though we wore to live for ever; and when Bomotlmcs . wo were a littlo impresbod by . the passing bell, or an open grave, or an earno't sermon, how soon we went back again to our old frivolity, and toyed with the flames of hell as though they were fancy's dream. It is not so now. God has awakonod us ; but we had never been awakened if tho voice which awpkes.the dead had not criod in our ear, 'Escape for thy life.' Nay.'worse, men aro not only asleep but when they do perceive their danger, they love iholr sine too woll to leave thorn, ovon though hell stares tbomin the face. Tho best of thorn cry with Solomon's Blug-: gard, '? Yi t a little seep, a little slumber, a little fold- ; Ing of tho hands to sleop.' Sinner, how hard It Is toi bring thee to Berious consideration of thy ways. Wo; cannot touch thy wits, ormako thoo reason like a man! of sound mind. Thou wilt sooner be damnod byj thoughtlessness than give an hour's careful moilita-; tatibn to thy soul's affairs. Wo would fain drag theo; out of -hy sleeping berth, and ovon kick theo and Htrlko theo, treating theo to rough usage, if we oould by this moans drag thoo from the devouring flames;, thou wouldst thank us woll enough af tor ward, fur those rough cuffs, if wo could but wako theo. Wo hoar complaints that tho minister speaks too harshly and (talks, too much of judgment. Saved stnnora never make th it complaint They know that nothing but these terrors wi 1 awaken some slumbering mlnrts ; and if. they lo uwakoued themselves, they aro hut too glad, however, rough tho . moans may have boon. Aro thoro not some in this house tonight who are hard, foarfully hard, to bo. brought to sober thinking, bocauso they are drunken and besottod with sin ? Some of you, with your Sunday trading, will rather gala your sixpences and your paltry peuoo on; tho Sunday, than find .eternal felicity in faith in the Lord Jobus. Others of you, with your tap-room com panions, with your theatrOB, your balls, . aud worse plaooa still, where lust wears no mask, are cutttug tho throats of ' your poor mlsorablo houIs. You cannot give up your vIcob ; you will soonor be damnod t'aan bo Christians Woll. so it must bo, slrx, il yo will huve these things, and will pawn your soula [or them, so It must bo; . you huvo chosen your own delusions, and yoa'hhall inherit them;. But O, llston onco.more, while wo warn you in God's namo, l-ERcapo for thy, life,' and triflo no moro with noil and heavon, with thino own soul aud judgment, God and his doar bleeding Son.1. If every proachprln London should suddenly begin to preach nothing but alarms, it would all bo uuodod, for what a secure and reckless city Is this If overy corner.ln tho atreot hud a Jonah in it, and that Jonah's «Brmojl were .'.nothing! but this— - '? Yet a few moro days' and thou shall'ho doatroyod! it woro not too much for a city ho given to slumber Woha/voi waxen rich; wo have grown careless, till wo have becomo HkoNinevoh-ot old; apooplo at ?ease, and dwelling oaroioBuly. Isaiah might woll say con cerning Lomlon—' Thou e&iilat;, 1 aUall lie a lady for1 ever ; so that thou didst not lay there- things to, thy hoart, neither didst romember the latter end of ? it.' Lot us take heed unto oumelvea.lest in the world to come thia carnal security of ours should be like faggota to tho flro, and the remombrance of our sloth' Bhouldpoar oil ' upon the flamos. O God, lot tho alarm bo beard to-night to those who crowd this house, for thou knowest that many of them are sound asleep. Again, it is an alarm which requires instant' atten tion. A man on, board . a . vossel, whon he hears tho cry of ' Fire! ' must not stop to arrange his clothes ; he must not be concerned to eeo that his face is washed, that ho has bound together that little bundle of papers, or packed up .the portmanteau, . or counted over tho little purse of gold, or even Bnatched.hls. littlo property' from the cabin. At once, at once* must he climb too ntalrs and roach tho deck, or he will novor have Btairs to climb, or feet to climb with. Now or never. [ Quick is the word. Waste a moment, and it is all over with you : the flre is upon you, for It tarries not in its march. So is it with you to-night who fear not God.- ? 'Escape for- Ay life,'- Isa ory for the present moment. ' Now in tho accepted time ; behold. (now is the day of Falvation.' Now, now, now. This is tho only poriod God has allotted to you ; take care that you ubo it, lest when your to-days aro past, and you hopo to soe your to-morrow, you should have to spend your to-morrows in the pit of hell. Procras tination 1s not only tho thief of time, but the thief of souls. Now Ib tho day of salvation ; I have never heard of any other day I do not know, but I - think this ia one of the most difficult things in tho gospel ministry, a. matter worthy of tho Holy Ghost's power — to make men seriously think about their souls at this proBant. I know, young man, you intend to think of thoso things when you are ill; you expect to have ' along timo upon a sick-bod, and thon you suppose ail will be right before you die Who told you you wonld over lio upon a sick-bed at all ? Yours may be a sudden death ; and sudden death to such as you are would bo Budden damnation. As men stand upon the bank, and spring head-first into the water, so may you dash into hell. Death enters men's doors with out knocking. Tho judgment may follow on the heels of your next sins. And what if you Bhould lie upon a bed of sickness V You will have enough to do to bear tho pain, to mourn over your weeping wife, and worry yourself about thoso littlo children who will bo fatherless V I tell you, sir, it is hard repenting upon a dying bod. Do not sow pillows to thino armholea, and make for thyself this fond bopo, that thou shalt one day bo raved It is now or never, it is now or never with. you. I Bpeak as a prophet of God at this moment, I know I do; there are some of you to whom this now or novor is a more applicable thing than you ?uppose; You will not sqe a n-w year. No Christmas festiv ties, will be youM. You will be at ' home on OhriBtmas-day, but it will be your long, loBt home. ' Set thine house in order; for thou shalt dio, and not live.' As the Lord my God llvoth, before whom I stand, thus saith the Lord unto some of. you— 'There is not a stop botweon you and death.'. Be warned, tb.cn, for a* I will moot you on the other side tho stream, at my Master's judgment seat, 1 have bidden you Rive immediate, instantaneous attention to the Word of God. Oonsidor y -ur ways, O sinners, born to die. ' Believe ' in the' Lord' Jesus Christ,' O tremblor. and thou shale bo Baved. Trust him, truBt him. God help thoe to trust Josus to- night, for it is ns w or never v ith thy soul. Again, this alarm demands of every one of us who aro unsaved an undivided attention. You havo fifty things to think about. You toll me you bave a thou sand cares. O sirs, a man whose lifo is ia danger, has no other care than to save his life. BidthOBO who wero rescued from the ' Amazon' have time to Bavo thoir money and their gold? Wo are told that they were utterly dostituto when they landed at Margate, and what signifies it? Would not a IIubu of j?y bo on their cheekD becauso their lives were prosorved 1 If one said to his follow, ''Whore is thy purse ' ?' Oh,' saith the othor. 'never mind mypurso, I am in tho lifeboat ; my life is saved.' What shall it proflt-you, If you gain the whole world, and lose your own soul ? . And what is the loss after all, if you lose tho world, if you gain your soul? Nay, thoso on board, the ship had not time to save their clothes. Tho iustinots : of self-preservation made them run, just bb they were, half naked, to the vessel's dock, ana so muBt you. 1 know you will tell mo you aro not living to make money ; if you could just make ends meet, keep your family, and supply the wants of your ohildron — that Is all — aro you not to think if this? It is wollandeood; far bo It from mo to discourage prudent carefulness \- in all matters; it is your business to see to tomporal matters, but Btill your paramount business muBtbe ' your soul ; even necessaries must not come between your soul and your moat serious thoughts. You must boo to this flrst and foremost, and remember thoro is a ' promiso about it — ' Seek ye first the lilugdom of God, and his rlghtoousnoss: and all these things shall be added unto you.' Those persons who escaped from . tho blnzlng vessel had. some of them, even to suffer in body. We road of one who broke his arm hi the; medley of the oscape, but what of that ?* Better to oscipo with a broken arm than fry in those horrible': flamos with every bone in its place, it would be very' little comfort to the poor passenger to, save his boned entlro, and lo have his body consumed. ' It is belter for thee to outer into life halt and mnimod,.- rather than having two hands or two feet to be cast into ovpr-;. lasting ilro.' You are rightly considerate of your bodies, but still, if that poor body, which is to/bocomo ? worms' meat one day, is worthy of so niuch thought; how much more ought you to give to your immortal Bpirit, which is to Hvq for ever with God in glory, or with fiends in. torment? Think first, I pray you, think chiefly, think now to-night with undivided heart, with oonseorated thoughts upon your soul. Let com forts go, let polf go, lot raiment go, let lifo its' If go — but do see to that which is .bettor than life— thy soul ? — thine everlasting destiny. ? ' . ' Now, tho alarm which I have' tried to give — 'Es- capo for thy life,1' seems to me to suggest a vory solemu quostlon. 'How can I oscape?' says one Dost thou sincerely ask ihat question — 'What must -I do to be savod ?' Remember there is but one way of resouo— the lifeboat of faith mudt put thee into the .vessel of salvation — OhristJosua. Stop in thino own vessel, and tbou art burned; leap into thOBO floods of wrath, and 'thou are drowned; get into that boat of saving faith, lot that boat bear. Uioo into tho vessel of Ohrist Jesus, and thou art safe. Sinner, tho road of salvation is,, out of. self into Ohrisf. There aro only two steps jinto , heaven— out of Belt into Ohrist. ' That man who has 'left himself aa a burning vobsoI behind, . left sin and Bolf-rightoouanoss as a thing to be destroyed — that man -who has taken Christ to be his all in all, and takes the cross to bo the only thing to which ho clingB, is Bate. Escape, I pray theo, for thy life, awakened and 'Booking sinner, for Johus in the' only foundation, 'ho only lathy rook and thy salvation; come to him for shelter, and thou art savod. To'concludo this matter of alarm, our meditation nxousoa a. very solemn inquiry— Will all bo fafo ? Will all in the vesaol escape ? What joy must there havo beon in-tho captain's heart when he heard that no one had boon, luft to b irn in the vossel ? Will all escape? 'Will every hearer in this huge house of praver to-night be a singer in heaven? Dare wo. in tho judgment of ohailty. hopo bo? Well,' well, lot us try to hope, if bo yo'ir oharlty.wisheB.it, but I fear mo, I fear mo it will be hopo without any grounds ; for thoro aro soino here who lovo tho drunkard's cup,' others who vomit tho bwoarer's oatha, and gome who have tho proud, self-righteous look which God hatotli. O that wo could hopo that these 'would be transformed by grace through Jobus Ohrixt, that so they might bn raved ! lam, I own It, vory much afraid that all of you will not booaved, but that fioine of you will perish In your iniquities. It Is not, how ever, ojr duty to pry into futurity ; let.ua... thoroforo, ' turn to that which (ar moro concerns us, our own perdonal iialvutlon. Tho inquiry ohaugos — 'Shall I bo waved ? ? If iboro bo an alarm givon, 'Escape for lifo!' Shall I i-o savod ?' And what if it shou d be the preacher's lot to bo lost for ever! ' What, if after talking to you this morning of being sick of lovo to Ohilxc, ho should have to hear thoto doleful words, ' I novor knew you, depart, yecureod!' Ajid what ir thin wore to bo iho lot of thu church-office rs, who tit around mo, or of any bno amongst you? 'Brothor, you havo pusaud tho fucriiniontal cup to othorn, what if ttio oup of devils ho your portion for over and over! My brethren and ? Blaturs iu (Jhiirch followabip; you may woll put tho qurtBtlon as did the apoalloa of old. 'Lorii.in it i;j '??''?'???; ;? .;:' '??;?'? ?'?;. --;?? ... . .'.' Shall I. be banished for my life, -' -, And yot forbid to die ? ' , Shall! endure eternal death, Yet death for over fly ?' Shall it be so ! My dear hoaror, thou who makost no profession of religion, will you ask the question, Shall ' i, shall I perish' in devouring fiamos, or shall I oscape ? The answer to that question, ro fur ub you are con cerned, at this moment, must depend upon whether thore is now a work of grace in your heart. If 'thou boliovost that Jcsub is the Christ, thou canst nover perish. If tbou dost not, and wilt not boliovo, thy destruction is most sure. O God Almighty, thou who canst alone impress tho heart, lead everyone of us now to take such euro hold of Ohrist that wo may novor perish, neither may any pluck us out of his hand. II. My timo is flod, woe 1b mo, when I bad meant to have spoken with my whole heart upon another topic. It was gratitude. Well, we will just run over tho points, although most briefly. I will hopo tbat you and I are saved ; I -will trust that wo have boen put into thy grace-vesBel ; I will believe that we have laid hold of ChriBt; may ruybellof bowarrautodbyfacthV Then this calls for gratitude. Gratitude of what kind ? Gratitude that I was awakenod. O my God, I bless theo that I was not permitted to sleep the sloop of death. I thdnk thoe for that fever whioh made mo fear, that Iosb 'which made me think, that dear dead babe which brought the parent to a Saviour's feet. I bless thee, Lord, for the. minister's earnest voice which shook me in my slumbers, for a mother's team which fell like cold drops on iny sleeping brow, and made me wake. I thank thee, O God, that though othors slumber, yet, thou hast awakened me, and . made me look to my soul's concerns. It is no slight/;; mercy to bo able to hear the trumpet of warning. It' is a foundation mercy, but it is not tho least of morclos to have an awakenod condolence. . . ., . Secondly, I would thank God, and let every believer join with me, that when you and I wero awnkenot-l, the ship wub not out to sea. If the 'Amazon' had been far out to sea when the ory of ' Flro' was given, what must have beon the result ? How few could havo escapod ! But there she was, close to land. You and I, whon we were awakened, were not in hell— not like the riph man, lif tlug up our eyes where hope could never come — wo were still on praying ground, still oh pleading terms -with God, still off the Foreland,' still whore mercy could come to us, and grace could meet us. - Sinner, if you have been awakened to-night, thank God for this, thank him that the trumpet which wakes you is not tho trumpet of the archangel summoning you to judgment, but the Bilver trumpet of God's messenger of mercy, inviting you to mercy's banquet. ? ? ? Let us thank Gad it did not blow harder, for there might tiave been much trouble in reaching the hoat. When you and I were awakened to a sense of sin, 1 6 might have been juxt when doathwas coming on, when the terrors of conscience would have been too much for us, aud when the fears of death might have kept us from a Saviour. But, blessed be God, when we were - aroused there was wind enough, we wero consolencO'Btrickea and smitten, but still not too much; or else the flre had been too vehement, and we bad not escaped. Thank God, then, that he awakened us while there was really timo to avail ourselves of the covenant lifeboat. ? ? L'et us be thankful again, that we could use the signals. I told you that tho venseV sent up its rockets — signals of distress. Ah! what a thousand mercies it was that we could pray. I remember well when this was tho only comfort my bursting spirit had, I could pray. . Oh, to be on p.eading terms with God ! Thank God for this, awakenad sinner, bless God for this. If you have not got bo far as being completely saved, yet dp praUe him that you wore allowed to flro off the rookots of desires, sighs, groans, sobb, tears, longings, and pan tings, and that you can send them up where God can see them. Your crios. and groans, and fears will yet bring comfort and peace from heavon through tho Lamb's redeeming blood. Re joice, my beloved brethren, that the Lord has not abolished a mercy-Beat, nor forgotten to bo gracious. Ho saith 'not to the seed of Jacob. Seek ye me in vain.' He waits to do gracious. Ho deliimteth in mercy. Before you call he will answer, and while you are yet speaking lie will hear. Thank God that there were good officers on board to direct ihe passongors. Without firm authority, men bocomo a mob, and then, with 'every appliance which might save, few are rescued. Awakened sinner, bo giate'ul that you have gospel ministers . Oh: what a mercy to havoa goopel ministry! What an awful thing to sit under a half-and-half, milk and ; water.,, yea-and-nay ministry,: as was my lot when : under conviction. 1 attended different places of worship, but' what I heard was. not thogospol. And I venture to say it, that a fow years ago, ha nine places out of ten in London,' and tb,e suburbs, and throughout England, such a thing dB tao gospel was not preached, excopt by accident. It is preached now. vlt is not preached now as it should be, bnt It is preached now. What I moan by the gospel, Ib the doctrine that Jesus Ohrist came to save shiners, and ihat the simple trusting upon him 1b saving faith. This is a doctrino which the revival has brought up more clearly, and' which the revival keeps before tho public mind; but before that great movement came, it was a doctrine ignored and cast behind ; too muoh of the preaching .was a dry morality, or elso philosophy which might ticklo tuo oars of mm who claimed in ? tollnet, but could never move the heart. Ob, thank God, poor Burner, that you do hear it rung in your ears— Oomo as you are 1 Como as you are ! You hear the gospel sung to you : — ? ' Just as I am, without one plea, But that thy blood was shed for me, And that thou bidd'Rt me come to thee, 0 Lamb of God, I come! I como! Just as I am — thy love I own, ' 'Has broken every barrier down: Now, to bo thino, yea, thine alone, O Lamb of God, I come! I come!' We hold up to you no coremonles, no feelings, no works, no orthodoxies ; we only hold up OhriBt, Christ crucified, a sunstitute ror sinners, a substitute for you if you trust him ; and wo tell you again and again, till wo h' If fear of tiring you, tbat, trusting JesuB, you are saved. Now we have reason, if .saved, to be grateful to God for gospel officers. Then how grateful ought you and I to be that tbo ship is come to the rescue. Jobus came all the way from heaven to earth to Rave us — '.Who though he was rich, yot for our sakes became poor, that wo through his poverty might be made rich.' How shall wo bo grateful enough for this unspeakable gift ? 'O, for thlH lovo lot rocks and hills Their lasting silence break, And all harmonious human tongues The Saviour's praises speak.' Bettor still : how grateful wo ought to bo that wo have got on board tbat ship. Oh! joy! joy! joy!; that blessed step which set mo upon Ohrist! that blesfod act which made me one with him. My soul would repeat now that grace- wrought deed of faith. ' A wounded, weak, and helpless worm, On Ohrlut's kind arm I fall ; Bo thou my strength and confidence, My Jobub and my all.' ? ; Be grateful for thta; , and, sinner, if thou canst now step into Christ and trust htm with thyself, make earth ring with thy joy, aud mako heaven resound with thy praise. : ' ' ; v; Our gratitude, mothinlta, will be greatest of all when wo got naf o ou shore, and look on this old hulk, the burning' world, without a foar; wo will seo her blaze and cast her dreadful Bplendors over the Infi nite leagued of space, until brings in far-off worlds shall ask, 'What Is thin? A world on flro, whoso elements dlssolvo with fervent heat.' But wo, caught up together with tho Lord, to dwell for ever with him, (hall look on with complaconoy, having lost nothing booauso saved ia him ; having found in him our Saviour, bottor than all we had before, « nil being, oi.co for all, on hoaven's terra Jirma, novor to put to pea, again, novor to fear tompeai. rock, wreck, or ilro ; but saved! paved! uaved otornully ! Eficapo. tinner, o capo for thy life. Bomember, though thus I talk to thee.if thou shalt escape freo ' grace must havo ull the praiGo; and In the'lauguagoof good Lot; thou wilt have to say — 'Thou hast magni fied thy mercy in saving my life' May God Bend you away with a blessing, for Jobus' sake. Amen. 