TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20,1800. ? The country lias no reason to regret tho delay in dealing with tho Land Bill. Circumstances have been changed a good deal since the timo of the large majorities for the second and third read- ing. We havo now got a key not only to Mr. M'Culloch's land policy, but also to much that was mysterious in the earlier part of that gentleman's political conversion. Mr. MacBain, in his in- nocence, testified to his own belief and that of his pastoral friends that Mr, M'Culloch had betrayed the interests of the squatters. It is not likely that the ex-Chief Secietary should have taken much trouble to preserve those interests if by abandoning them he could more effectually promote the well- being of a great squatting firm that shall bo name- less. The squatters, like every other interest, must be thrown over to hghten the ship. 'As long as the man at the J helm was the right man in the right place, the fate of his brother squatters was altogether indifferent to Mr. M'Oul Locn. But since the man at the heirn has been stabbed, not by piiates but by his own mutinous crew, as Mr. HigiNt roi ham would say, not only does the pastoral question wear a different aspect, but singular íevelations in other direc- tions are gradually forcing them- selves upon a wondering public. We aie by degrees beginning to under- stand the operation ot administrative discretion. We see that it may be used to biing the squatters under the heel of authority, and at the same time to pre- serve intact the runs of moitgagors who have given a material guarantee of their M'Cullochism. We see also that it may be used, to establish on the public lauds' "a bold peasantry, their country's pride," and at the same time to consohdate these paper yeomen into large landed pro piietors. We mentioned lately the cuiious case of Phil ip Island. We pub- lished yesterday the details of a similar case at Amherst. And 'these cases are mei ely samples. Mr. Grant has himj self told us that his new Land Bill is for "the landless and the homeless," ana his itinerating commissionera were inj straeted to fill the poor men with good things, while the rich were sent empty away. But our political dispenser of distributive justice was not unmerciful. He has himself told us that he did. not deBire the utter annihilation of men of property. He preferred that, if they turned from their wickedness to true M'Cullochism, they should live. He had no objection to their picking up the crumbs that fell from the well-stored table of the poor man. And we must admit that among them weie some very nice crumbs to pick up. Twenty acres was the maximum limit which the law assigned to licences under the 42nd clause. Eighty acres was the maximum limit which Mr. Grant's genius secured for his impecunious clients. But Mr. Cleland and Mr. Samuels, and other favoured culprits, have extended this maximum to five hundred or six hun- dred acres/ ' The public looked on with admiration at the unexampled settle- ment of peasant; proprietors, but when the doors of the commission wore shut, before the ringing of the cheers had died away, the silent but vory effectual process of transfer began, For no excessive consideration the houseless and landless were content to bo houseless and landless still, and the difference between the actual price and the true value of the land went into the pocket of the selector. Thus, by the aid of admi- nistrative discretion, the state contrived to sell its land to probably the same person, or at all events the same clasa of person, as would have bought it if the land had been sold by auction. The J?EÎy difference ivas that^the jmrchase money was far less in the one case than it would have been in the other. It is needless to repeat that we do not object to the principle of the 42nd clause. Nor do wo object to the exten- sion given to that clause by Mr. Gkant on any other grounds than its ille- gality. *We are perfectly' prepared to welcome such a clause in the new Land Bill, and to legalise Mr. Grant's irregular licences. But we do object to a system of administration that hypo- critically pretends to encourage small holdings and that in reality encourages large holdings, and we protest against those powers which enable a Ministor first to wrest the law for a delusive settle- ment of peasant proprietors, and then again to wrest it for the purposs of transferring these small holdings into the hands of a siDgle capitalist. Such a system, indeed, involves almost every possible disadvantage. It causes to the state a large loss of revenue. It fails to secure to the state that object * for the sake of which the money loss was incurred. It demoralises the people by accustoming them to evade the law, and by driving them into secret and illicit contrivances. Worst perhaps of all, it has generated that odious form of political parasite that now infests our political system, the land-agent member of Parliament, This nuisance is the direct offspring of ad- ministrative discretion, and finds and always will find in that system its ap- propriate home. This is the system which the Legis- lative Council is now invited not only to continue, "but to extend. With the facts that aro now before it, it is not likely that that House will accede to the request.' It is reasonable to suppose that even the Assembly, by . the light of this further ¡ in- formation, would desire to have an opportunity of reconsidering the sub- ject. It must indeed be now clear to every person not given over to mere M'Cullochism that thet system of ad- ministrativo discretion has been tried and found altogether wanting. A tyranny, which is only an extended kind of administrative discretion, is not without some advantages ; yet we should never think of adopting it as our form of government. In like manner there aro advantages in placing all the «lands of the colony at the absolute disposal of one man j but the objections to this method, of some of which we have now a vory distinct illustration, far (outweigh these advantages. It is better for us to return to the slower but Burer methods of the law. Let us have, as nearly as possible, within the four corners of an act of Parliament all the regulations that the nature of the case requires, and that the experience of so many years can sug- gest. Let us, if we are wronged, obtain redress in the same manner as every subject of the Queen is entitled in other cases to receive justice. These aro the postulates not only of land legislation, but of legislation of every description ; and upon these, whatever it may do with the mode of settlement or the squatting tenure, we hope that the Council will resolutely insist. Of the many difficult legislative tasks which the Macpherson Government has to take in hand, that of mining-law reform is among the most formidable. For years past there has been a growing necessity for improved gold-fields legis- lation. A gradual but continuous change in the conditions under which our princi- pal producing industry has been carried on, has demanded modificationâ in or alterations of the laws by which it is affected, but through either the indo- lence or the incapacity of the gentle- man who so long occupied the post of Minister of Mines, these changes wore not introduced as the need of them arose, and a large arrear of important duty thus falls upon the shoulders of his successor in office. It,is scarcely necessary that we I should now specify the various direc- tions in which our mining legislation stands in need of amendment. The subject has been over and over again discussed in our own columns, and enough has there been said years ago to' enable a moderately capable Minister of Mines to see how he could confer great advan- tages upon the public, and earn for him- self the character of an enlightened re- former. But Mr. Sullivan never re- sponded to our demands upon his genius. Mining law reform was always attended with some little difficulty, and he found it easier to treat our well meant reminders with that " contimpt" which is the principal weapon in his political armoury, than to grapple with the duties of his office in a resolute and manful spirit. But for tho information of the new Government, we may be permitted to say that 3ome provision should be made for the prevention of those horrible mining accidents which happen every now and again, to the destruction of useful lives and valuable property. Wo are not so confident as some would seem to be, that officiai inspection of the workings in our gold mines and of the materials provided by our mining companies, would prove a sufficiently effectual preventive of mine casualties ; but inspection of this kind would no doubt have some effect in lessening the- frequency of their occurrence, and if no better means can be suggested, official inspection should be resorted to. The great majority of mining accidents are of a kind that the exercise of'proper care and forethought would prevent, and mining compauies should be compelled' to use such care on behalf of their men, or suffer for any injury that1 may be sustained through their,, neglect. The recent flooding of the Great Northern Junc- tion Company's mine, which caused so much painful excitement in the public mind, was quite an excop uonal disaster, inasmuch as it was mainly due to circumstquces over which the management of the ' mine had no control. But even this accident might have been prevented, as similar dangers were averted from adjoining mines, if proper precautionary measures had been reported to. So long as .tho limbs and lives of our workingminers ara exposed to unnecessary risk through the parsimony of their employers, so long will Parliament be chargeable with culpable neglect of duty. The subject of mining on private property is also one which the Legislature cannot any longer disregard with impunity. The course of events is investing this subject with ever increasing importance, and a mining code in which it is not recog- nised is little better than an evasion. Then there is an urgent necessity for some kind of organisation by means of which young men may be qualified for the office of mining managers. Capable managers are now very difficult to pro- cure, and in our costly educational .establishments no provision is made for their instruction and training. Had our "Mining department been properly alive to its duties during the past five or six years, means would have been found ,loug sinco to qualify mine managers for .the intelligent performance of their .duties, and ore now one of the greatest obstacles to the successful prosecution .of Y*'*tonau gold mining would have ß-bat^vercoine. Means should also be used to as-certain definitively to whom (the auriferous deposits of the country uoally belong. A caso has recently been ..tried' in which the manager of one com- pany was accused, at the instance of another company, of stealing gold the property of the Crown, and though the facts alleged against him were fully proved, it is doubtful whether any punishment will be inflicted on Jhim, the whole question of the pro- prietorship of the gold being still un- settled. The codification of the regula- tions under which mining claims are held is another reform that is urgently required. At present these regulations «vary in different districts, and they are ?unnecessarily complicated and cumber- some in all, to the great hindrance of -mining enterprise and the very great gain of the legal profession. ' If the late Minister of Mines had been fit for his position, the extent of mining claims would long since have been as clearly ?defined as the extent of building allot- ments, and their tenure would have been .as indefeasible. The Mining Companies Statute now .befoie the Legislature, which is to he read a second time to-day, com- prises none of the subjects above enu- merated, and yet it contains so much _C_ttsr, __,?_ íiiuí ox so aeDaT/aDie a cha- racter, that there does not seem to be much chance of its being, completed in the present session. We considered this measure at length when it was first in- troduced, and pointed out many provi- sions in it which seemed to be objec- tionable or of doubtful utility. If the measure is to be pushed through this .session, it will become necessary to dis- cuss its merits over again ; but in view of the importance and the intricacy of the matters involved, we think it scarcely likely that Ministers will feel disposed, or will find leisure, to force it upon the attention of Parliament just now. Public interests would be better served hy their withdrawing it for the present, .so as to have an opportunity during the approaching recess to prepare an .exhaustive bill, in which every legisla- tive want of the gold-mining community should be fully provided for. But if this course is adopted, the Mining Shares Forfeiture Bill must be gone on with at .once. This measure has been passed by theLegislative Assembly, and came before the Legislative Council on Wednesday last, when it was withdrawn in order that its provisions might be included in the Mining Companies Statute. If tho Ministry do not intend to persevere with the latter at present, as is scarcely probable, and would not be altogether de .sirable, then the shorter measure must bo at once proceeded with, lest the evils which it is intended to remedy grow to .such dimensions that no subsequent legislation will be able to cure Hiern. Indeed, the need for the For- feiture Bill is so urgent that it should be passed at once without regard to the Companies Bill, and wo hope Ministers will take immediate steps to make it safe, and with it the immense pecuniary interests which are impeiilled by the present condition of the law under which shares are for- feited for non-payment of calls. If after that it is found convenient to pro- ceed with the Companies Statute, the taak will be all the easier that one im- portant branch of the subject has already been disposed of. The permanent head of the depart- ment and engineer-in-chief of the Vic- torian Bailways, Mr. Thomas Higin -otham, confesses that not having been educated as a mechanical ' engineer, he is unable to say whether a locomotive is or is not properly put together, re- paired, or constructed. It is no doubt most unfortunate for the colony that for so many years a department costing thousands of pounds per annum should 'have had for its principal officer a gentleman who really was unable to determine for himself whether the 'work was properly performed or not, 'hut was obliged entirely to depend .on tho reports of his subordinates. However, we give him all the ad- vantage to be derived from his tprofessed ignorance, and admit that, 'knowing nothing about the matter, he can scarcely be blamed for the waste, -extravagance, and incompetence which :for years past have been the leading ?characteristics of the management of the .Williamstown workshops. iMr. HiGiNBOTHAii, however, is re- sponsible for something besides the man- ner in which the actual work at the _a has been performed. It was his duty properly to organise the de- partment, to see at least that his subor- dinates efficiently performed the duties of management which devolved upon them, that the accounts were kept in a regular and straightforward manner, that tho expense of every piece of work un .dertaken was correctly ascertained and recorded, and that no practices were permitted which of necessity would be .destructive of all proper discipline. For thin r-fj^technical knowledge was re ?quire,^ ujd any man possessing ordi- nary buMn.iM) tact and acumen would «ave Loci, Buffieient for'the task. In the Teifonnance of these simple duties, how *ver, Mr. ITioiNHoraAM has boen la Jnem ibly dfcficknt. It appears that the «ngimir-in chief has been absent from the winks for from six to eight »onlhn at a time; and although he has take« a large amount of responsi- bility upon himself, it is evident that he has done bo under the impression | %t his position would be sufficient to | slucld the other officers of his deparfc | ttent. Dealing with Mr. Higinbotham I «swe- did with Mr. Chkisty, and refer I nng to his evidence alone, it is but too | apparent that the attention bestowed by the engineer-in-chief on the property entrusted to his care, as well as upon the geneial efficiency of his department, has been of the most cursory descrip- tion. He has taken for granted that Messrs. Chiubty and Houghton were fully competent for the positions which they occupied, and everything has been left by him to them. Per- haps no better example of Mr. Higin- botiiam's indifference can be adduced than his conduct with regard to the exposure of a number of valuable engines, worth some ¿£70,000, to the weather. For years this has been the case, yet ho has taken no steps to alter it, although, according to his own evidence, the fact was re- peatedly reported to him, that through this exposure the locomotives were being injured. True, he says, ho did not know that such exposure caused any extra expense in cleaning. We should be glad to be able to believe that here, at least, Mr. Hioinbotham is wrongly reported, the statement is so absurd. There is scarcely a man who ever saw a locomotive, but would perceive at a glance that exposure to the weather must always double the cost of keeping it clean; whilst, at the same time, from rust and other causes, it would rapidly deteriorate in value, Mr. Higinbotiiam's stereotyped excuse for not carrying out the necessary improvements in the shops; for not electing the machinery which was lying rusting, idle, and useless on the ground ; and for not erecting sheds for the protection of the property of the state-was, that he knew the Go- vernment would not authorise the expenditure. It is to be regretted that the engineer- in-chief should have in juied himself by so frivolous a state- ment. He never asked the Government to sanction the required outlay, though there cannot be the slightest doubt that runitMiieut w GUld li-YC readily v0tef.i any reasonable sum for the protection of property worth £70,000, especially when the object could be effected at a cost scarcely exceeding the extra expen- diture which the non- protection rendered necessary in a couple of years, to say nothing of the great depreciation in the value of the engines which was continually going on. Mr. Higinbotiiam's ideas relative to the manner in which the accounts of the department are kept, and indeed of the manner in which similar esta- blishments are and should be conducted, are intensely interesting. He can see nothing wrong in charging a certain price for work at the commencement of the year, and then, in order to make things comfortable and insure the balance being on the right side, doubling the price at the end of the period. Certainly it is rather difficult to ascertain what his opinions on this subject really are, for while in one place he says that altkougli^there is very nearly uniformity in the rate of wages and the cost of coal, it would not be easy to calculate the price of works, and that over-valuation was quite unavoidable in such a manufac- tory as that at Williamstown ; in another he says that " they might at " the end of any particular day, if they " desired it, fix a value upon the " cost of all the articles made." It may not be desirable, perhaps, to do this at the end of every day, but it most certainly should be done at the conclu- sion of every job. Mr. Higinbotuam,! however, does not even think this neces-j sary. There is a charming simplicity about all his views upon business mat- ters, and he would make an ad- mirable manager for a large manu- facturing finn. Ho gives it as his opinion that private establishments have the same way of making things pleasant as that adopted at Williamstown, and tells the committee that " if he " is rightly informed, proprietors of " private establishments could not tell " until they balanced their books at the " end of the year or the half-year, as the " case might be, the actual cost of the " articles they manufactured, and fre " quently found they had been working " ataloss." According to the engineer-in chief, all our foundiies are managed by the rule of thumb ; it is all guess-work. If a charge is made for repairs, it may or may not be sufficient; if an engine or im- plement is sold, it is all chance whether the manufacturer gets a fair profit, or whether he makes a loss-ho knows nothing about it until the end of the year or half-year, when he balances his books. It is difficult to bolieve that any man possessing but a very limited amount of common sense could give utterance to such absurdities. r_ It is apparent from Mr. H iginbotiiasi's statements that he places but little re- liance upon his own judgment. He is always " sending home." He sent home for opinions on the plans of the pro- posed new workshops at the Junction ; he has just senthpme to know what to do with a large number of brass tubes which have been in stock for from six to eight years ; and he is in similar trouble with regard to some hundreds of thou- sands of fishplates and bolts. Ho also admits that tho stores on hand might be reduced to the extent of £20,000 to £25,000, and yet up to the pre- sent time he has taken no steps in the matter. Accepting Mr. Higin- botiiam's own account of himself, it is obvious that he has been the mero nominal head of the department. He has taken no interest in and has exercised no control over it. He may be a very efficient civil engineer, but as the permanent head of the Williamstown shops he is evidently out of his element, and the sooner lie is relieved from a false position the better for his own credit as well as for the public interest. The R.M.S. Avoca waa telegraphed as having passed Capo Otway between 5 and C o'clock j osterday afternoon, and she reached the Heads about half an hour after midnight. Sha anchored in tho bay shortly before 4 this morning-too late an hour to enable us to riceivoand publish any portion of our London correspondent's letter in our present issue. There is plenty of important business for the consideration of both Houses of tho Legislatura this evening. The second read- ing of tho Land Bill was to havo been taken in the Council to-night, but by arrangomont this has been postponed until Thursday. Thoroaro, however, the Local Government Act Amendment Bill, tho Scab Bill, and the In- solvency Law Amondmont Bill to be disposed of, and if hon. members get through these measures they will do well. In the Legisla- tive Assembly there are tho Payment of Mem- bers Bill and the Mining Companies Bill both important measures-to be considered ; and should these bo finished there is the Municipal Corporation Law Amendment Bil!, * which demands immediato attention, and which should as soon as possiblo be sent to the Upper House, so that that and the Local Government Bill may bo dealt with together. We understand that at tho meeting of tho Executive Council yesterday Mr. Thomas Monbray was appointed a magistrate for the district of the city. This is a compliment which tho mayor has well deserved. Councillor Arness, the mayor elect, was in- troduced to the Governor yesterday, and con- gratulated by LTis Excellency on his election to the position of Mayor of Molbourne. The Lands Inquiry Committee again lapsed yesterday for want of a quorum, the only members who put in an appearance being Messrs. M'Kean, Grant, G, P. Smith, and Longmore. The committee of the Benevolent Asylum made an urgent appeal yesterday to the Chief Secretary, with tho view of securing the in- terest of tho Government in obtaining the use of the New Exhibition-building for the purposes of the forthcoming bazaar. The trustees, it was stated, had been applied to, but they had refused to grant the request, on the ground that tho building was re- quired for museum purposes. ¡It was re- presented, however, that the bazaar could bo held without interfering with tho museum, and tho committee stated that they were prepared to take every precaution for the protection and preservation of thespeci mens, As this was really tho only suitablo building in Melbourne of sufficient size for the purpose, the Chief Secretary was urged to do something in the matter. Mr. Macpher- son sympathised with the committee on ac- count of the position in which they wore placed, and promised to exert in their favour whatever influence ho might possess with the trustees. Tho Chief Secretary received two other deputations - one from tho Mclbourno and Provincial United Licensed Victuallers' Association, and the other from' Clunes in relation to the water supply of tha* district. From the former Mr. Macpherson received a number of objections to Mr. G. P. Sloth's i/ciuiio-housc DÜ1, wuiCu UÖ pruElÖDU to consider ; and to the latter he gave the promise that the Government would assist as far as they could in pushing on the works connected with tho Clunes water supply. Mr. Justice Molesworth yesterday gave judgment on an appeal by John Rogers, a publican of Castlemaine, against the refusal of his certificate by the insolvency commis- sioner. Rogers had some years before hi3 insolvency made a settlement of ht3 property on his wife. At that time Rogers was under a liability to one creditor, which ultimately caused his insolvency. TJis Honour thought that the settlement on the wifo was unjusti- fiable, and confirmed tho refusal of the certificate. In tho suit of erry v. Hawthorn a demurrer to tho plaintiff's bill was al- lowed. There was a great gathering at the ordinary half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Colonial Bank of Australasia, which took place yesterday. The Hon. J. O'shanassy, presided. The directors' report and balance sheet, &c;, have already been published through the .medium of our commercial columns, so that tho shareholders wor^ familiar with them ; but though £8,081 had been carried over as a balance to profit and loss, the announcement that there was no dividend, and that that had been caused by the suspension of payment on the part of Mr. Hugh Glass, who had been a constituent of tho bank since its commencement in 1S56> was held by somo to be unpleasantly ominous, and thero were grave faces in tho room as the various sta temonts were made. The chairman, in a speech of unusual length, pointed out that the last half-year's 1 business had really been good, and, more-1 over, that the securities which covered Mr. Glass's advances were beinq satisfactorily íealised, and promised to cover the whole of. the bank's liability in that respect. Ile argued that a bank had no right to ox j peet uniform success except it abandoned, the idea of a considerable profit, and j uiged that the courso taken by. tho directors in setting the plain truth before the share holders was a good one, and deserved appro- bation. Ho moved the adoption of the re- port. A discussion ensued, in which an amendment declaring a want of confidence in Mr. Adam Burnes, the head manager, was ¡ moved ¡ but tho facts and figures set forth by , tho chairman were nerer controverted, and ¡ it was evident from the first that ho had the meeting with him. The shareholders ap- ' plauded, and appeared to cordially agree with the statements that in Mr. Glass's estate the bank would realiso every penny of its money> principal and interest. The amendment was ruled out of order, and the motion to adopt the report was carried, with only three dis- sentient voiceB. The usual votes of thanks to tho directors and management wero then unanimously passed, and the proceedings ter- minated. By telegraph from Adelaide, wo leam that ' tho names and counties of the 12 English cricketers who wero to.sail from Liverpool for Melbourne on tho 20th September last wero ' as follows :-Mr. W. G. Grace (Gloucester), J. Smith (Cambridge), Alfred Shaw (Not- tingham), Atkinson (Yorkshire), Emmett (Yorkshire), Lockwood (Yorkshire), J. Row- bottom (Yorkshire), Charlwood (Sussox), E. "Willsher (Kent), Southerton (Surrey), Jupp (Surrey) ; and Pooloy (Surroy), twelfth ' man. It will be seen that tho only "gen- tleman" player in the team is Mr. \Y. G. Grace, a brother of Mr. E. M. Grace, who carno out with Parr's team, in 18C3. Mr. W. G. Grace is one of the finest-if not the. finest -batsin England, andasarun-gotterhosnever been equalled. Unliko his brother, ho is not a mere "slogger," but a scientific crickoter, and has obtained somo of his most remark- able scores off the finest bowling in England. The team is very strong in bowling, Shaw, Atkinson, Southerton, Emmett, and Willsher being all celebrated in that line, tho two latter using tho left hand. Jupp and J. Smith aro two of tho first professional bats of tho day, and Pooley is considered by many to bo a better wicket-keeper than even the redoubtable Lockyer. The fact that Pooloy should have been selected as twolfth man \ shows that the team must bo ono of remark- able strength, and wo may confidently ex- pect an exhibition of cricket such as has , never been seen beforo in the colonies. The namo of the captain is not mentioned, but it j is supposed that Willsher is most likely to i bavo been chosen for the post of honour. At'tho meeting of tho City Council yester- day ' a largo amount of business, chiefly routine, was disposed of. Beforo the orderß of tho day were taken up, a letter was road from the town clork regarding the Muni- cipal Corporations Amendment Bill, and ordered to bo printed and circulated, j Directions wero given for having pre- mises in Little Bourko-streot, behind the Theatre Royal and St. Georgo's-hall, and occupied by Chinese, whitewashed, on ac- count of their filthy condition. It was an- nounced that the Board of Education had ac- cepted a site near the East Melbourno Cricket ground for a gymnasium. A report was brought up from tho Sewerage Committee, t and ordered to bo printed. The report of the ' Health Committeo regarding Carlton-gardens was referred back for reconsideration, The Town-hall Committee wore directed to con- sider tho desirability of getting sunlights for < the Town-ball, instead of ordering chande- liers from England, Tho Minister for Lands, as it transpired at I the fortnightly mooting of the Emerald-hill' I Council lost evening, intends to moko an in-' spection of Messrs. Collins and Co.'a bono mills, Yarra-bank, on Friday afternoon, at 3 p.m., when representatives of the borough council and the Central Board of Health are to be present. Captain C. B. Payne, of H.M.V.S. Nelson, has been appointed a member of the Steam Navigation Hoard. t The Rev. James Martin, lato of Notting- ham, minister of the Baptist denomination, and of some considerable repute os a scholar, orator, and theologian, arrived in the clippor ship Alexander Duthie, from London, yester- day. Mr. Martin comes out hero to under- take the postorato of Collins-street Baptist Church, and ho was waited upon by an in- fluential deputation from tho congregation yesterday. Tho Rev. Isaac Now and tho Rev. Charles Clark, of Albert-street Baptist Church, were also on board to welcome Mr. Martin to the colony. "The Victorian Socioty of Blues" com- memorated the birthday of tho royal founder of Christ's Hospital, London, hy a dinner at Scott's Hotel, Molbourno, on Friday evening, when several gentlemen, formerly scholars in that noble and ancient institution, together with some warm and liboral f rionds of tho colonial society, did justice to the excellont viands and wines provided by Mr. Wilson. The president and treasurer of the society, Mr. Whitby, J.P., was in tho chair, having on his right Mr. J. Everard, M.L. A., and Mr. Stubbs, J.P.* on his left, Messrs. Turnor, F. R. Kendall, and George Foord. The vice chair was filled by Mr, W. Perry, sup- ported by the Hon. T. Loader and Mr. S. S Ritchie on his right, and Messrs. B. Cowderoy and E. R. Whitby on his left. Tho usual loyal toasts had a cordial reception, but the toasts of tho evening, "The Royal, Noble and Ancient Foundation of Christ's Hospi- tal," and tho "Victorian Society of Blues,' evinced by tho enthusiastic reception they met that there existed a warmth of affection- ate remembrance of the uno old school in the hearts of the Crugs, and a desire to perpetuate tho socioty through whoso means aid was ready to help a brother in the timo of nood, or the widow and orphan when left in narrow circumstances. After several toasts, by ono of which a graceful compliment was paid to tho ladies, and tho value of the preis suitably ac- knowledged, tho health of tho president was proposed and warmly received. Tho Cuâiluiâiî, ill TGopGliuiiig MioictÄ}, GXpieasua his thanks for the hearty manner the gentle- men had done honour to the toast, and ear- nestly enjoined upon his brother Blues tho necessity of liberally supporting tho funds of tho society, and illustrated the bonofits it conferred by giving somo instances and read- ing letters of thanks to tho directors for timely assistance given. The Emerald-hill Borough Council have let the Sandridge-road toll for 12 months, from 1st November next, to Edmund Cotter, for £4,456 ; and the Yarra Bank toll, for a liko period, to Robert Atkinson, for £360. The pardoned Fenians have quickly got tired of the non-penal colonies of Australia, and are already making preparations to pro- ceed to Europe. We are informed that 10 of these men are now on their way from Sydney to this port, preparatory to setting out for England, their passages having been taken in one of the vessels which are announced to leave Hobson's Bay in the course of a few days. It is rumoured that some 60 of " the boys," whoever that some what vague epithet may be intended to indicate, have formed a resolution to repair to Sandridge and give the returning "exiles" a parting cheer. The quondam prisoners will not, of course, be allowed to land, and they will, therefore, be kept in the bay until such time as the ship, may be ready to convey them from the colony. A young lad named Samuel Steed was brought before tho magistrates in the City Court yesterday, charged with damaging a young oak tree in the Fitzroy-gardens on Sunday last. One of the gardeners stated that he was put to a great deal of trouble by young men and boys crossing the gardens off the paths. When spoken to they were gene- rally very insolent, and refused to go away. The prisoner was seen to break a twig off a young oak tree, and was in company with three other lads, who had previously damaged a pittosporum tree. The prisoner admitted plucking the twig, but thought he was doing no harm. The Bench fined him 5s., with 5s. damages. A case presenting some rather romantic features came before the Sandridge Bench yesterday, when a sailor, named John Smith, was charged with attempting to commit sui- cide. It appeared from the evidence that on landing after a long voyage, about three weeks ago, the prisoner found that his wife had abandoned the shelter of his roof, and had gone to live with another seaman, with whom she had been staying for the last eight months. He proceeded to their house, and confronted the guilty pair, but was sub- sequently induced to leave. The next day, when in a state of intoxication, he repeated his visit, and told his wife that he had come to see her for the last time, and would never interfere with her again. Adding the words, "there is a proof of it," he stabbed himself in the breast seven times with a dagger knife, but fortunately the wounds he inflicted were not very dangerous. He was conveyed to the hospital, and was cured in about a week. The Bench discharged him with a caution, con- sidering that, as he was intoxicated when he committed the offence, he did not stab him- self with any felonious intent. A man named William Kirby, living in Leicester-street, Richmond, was admitted into the Melbourne Hospital last night at a quarter to 10 o'clock, having attempted to commit suicide by cutting his throat with a razor. He inflicted two deep wounds, but not serious ones. The windpipe was not severed, and he was principally suffering from the loss of blood. He regrets that the razor was not sharp enough to kill him. His motive for the attempt to destroy himself is not known. Mr. M'Kenn's attontion may bo advanta- geously directed to the following extract from the Mulwala correspondence of the Pastoral Times of Saturday last :-" Two years ago tho Victorian Government caused 20 miles of tho river frontage to be measured into agricul- tural lots, and a township, on tho opposite ¡»ido of the river to ours, but it has not been offered to the public, nor have auy plans boon issued ; although they have been repeatedly applied for, the ansver has invariably been that they would bo issued in a few days. ' Had it been otherwise, the land would havo been taken up, a township formed, and à po- pulation settled, which would havo materially assisted this place. What can havo caused the delay? Tho soil is suitahlo, and not heavily limbered, and a market for pro- duce near-at Wangaratta, and for Mel- bourne the river and railway offer speedy carriage. Everything is in its favour, beth situation and soil, and yot it is not taken up. I ask again, what can bo tho rea- son ? Is it because Messrs. M'Culloch and Co, aro interested in tho runs of which this , land forms a part or parts ? I holiovo this is the true answer to these questions, and this being the case, wo may hope that the hindrance will bo removed, now that Mr. M'Culloch is no longer Primo Minister, and that the township and farm lands will bo at once sold and soon occupied. Should this bo tho caso, it will Rive an impetus to this town greater than it has yet experienced. Let us hopo it will soon tako place." "Mr. Farrell, M.P., paid a short visit to tho town and district of Castlemoino," says the Mount Alexander Mail, "and was well received. The feeling is daily gaining ground amongst the requibitionists that they wc^ too hasty in colling on him to resign, and that timo is fast justifying him in his mannor of t noting on tho famous motion." " Before Mr. M'Kean has time to look into a pigeon-holo in his office," observes th| Bendigo Independent, "he was told that he had provod nothing, nor oven laid an explicit statement of any coses of mal-administration before tho country, as a foundation for tho exposures which he and somo of his colleagues pledged themselves to make. His opponents assumed the position of injured innocents because ho had not thon furnished them with1 any opportunity to triumphantly refute clearly defined charges. There is an admirable open- ing for them now. There is lino upon lino and abuse upon abuse submitted for their consideration; and for fear Mr. M'Kean and The Argus should, between them, produce an awkward accumulation of liberal land law 'mistakes,'it might be convenient if those which jave come to light, respecting thd working of tho 42nd clause and the sale of auriferous lands, were explained at once." A shopkeeper in Elizaboth-street complains that while he and many of his follow traders are compelled to pay about £10, per annum in the shapo of water lates, his and their goodia aro spoiled by the dust, which ono man, at n! cost of about 10s. a day, could keep effectu- ally laid by commencing work at 6 o'clock in! the morning at the north or south ond of tho street, according to tho direction from which the wind happened to bo blowing. Of course tho bame remark would apply to tho watering of Swanston-street, in which the shopkeopors are equal sufferers by tho dust. Another County Court Quide has been pub- lished, the latest ono being by Mr. W. J. Wallis, of Chancery-lane. It contains tho statute, rules, forms, &c;, and an index and a list of tho different county courts, but pro- duced in a less expensive form than that pub- lished by the Government. At tho Melbourno Criminal Sessions yester- day, Joseph Brown, a clerk at the General Post-office, was tried for stealing a letter from the office. The letter had been posted to a Miss Sarah Roberts by Mr. Attenbo. rough, and contained two £l-notes. Tho prisoner went into the compartmeut occupied by another clerk, and threw into the waste basket some pieces of paper he had been tear- ing. These pieces wore placed together by the clerk into whose room Brown had gone, and it then appeared that thoy formed part of an envelope, and boro tho address ' ' Miss Sarah Roberts, General Post-office." Tho prisoner, on being charged with the offence,! made no reply. He was convicted of destroy, ing a letter the property of tho Postmastor-J General, and was sentenced to two years') hard labour. Robert Mackay, 'convicted of stabbing his wife, waa sent to gaol for five years. Two fine retriever pups and two pure-bred young bull-dogs havo been brought out hero in the ship Alexander Duthie, from London. The latest novelty in billiards in Victoria is tho introduction of a new game and a new table. Tho gamo is tho French "carom"' game, played on a table completo in every respect as the ordinary tables, but without pockets, and used with larger balls. Besides being almost universally played in France, tho "carom" game has beon largely patron- ised in the United States of America, and has i finally made its appearance in Melbourne Of course the vory magnificent play of M. Bergier, who is to French billiards something like what Roberts is to the English gamo, only that tho former is not so far ahead of all competitors as tho latter, has had much to do with the popularisation of the French gamo, which, being " all cannons," is calculated to attract the really scientific player. Ono of' these new tables has just been completed to the order of Mr. Oat, of tho Globo ¡ Hotel, whore it is now to be seen, Messrs, ' Alcock and Co., of Russell-street, are tho manufacturers, and this their latest production is marked by the finish, ele. pance, and exactitudo which distinguish their other tables. The cloth is the only portion of it which is not of colonial material, and the frame is magnificently grained black- wood. As a matter of criticism it may bo suggested that the table is too large, but it was required by Mr. Oat to bo of its present size. As these "carom" tables moy be con sideiably reduced in hize without much injury to tho stylo of play, they may bo found popular in privato houses in which thero is no room for the ordinary English table. The Melbourno Deutschon Liedertafel hold ono of their periodical soirees musicales at Hockin's Assembly-rooms last night. There was an extremely good attendance, and tho musical portion of the entertainment was lendered more complete than usual by the addition to the orchestra of a dozen of the best performers of the band of the 14th Itegi-, ment. The brass instruments wero vory effec- tive in tho full choruses, and especially in tho "Festgesang an dio Künstler" of Mendel-1 ssohn, a fine composition, which has not yot been performed by any other musical society in Melbourne. Herr Sprinkhom discharged the duties of conductor with his usual effi- ciency, and Mr, Weber, as pianist, was quite satisfactory. ' i Encouraged probably by tho active dis- cussions which aro boing conducted both in | public and privato, with regard to what aro called spiritual phonomona, Mr. Gcorgo j Robertson has published an abridged edition of a work entitled, Planchette, or the Despair of Science," by Eppes Sargent. . Tho book has created a sensation both in« England and America, because it contains a tolerably full record of the communications alloged to have been made from tho other world, through media of various kinds, to tho inhabitants of this. "Spiritualism," it seems, numbers a great many believers in this city and suburbs, and thoso who aro curious to know what it implies and what it professes to perform, will bo able to acquire the information they need from Mr. Robertson's latest reprint. A meeting was held last evening, at Came- ron's Hotel, Faraday-street, for the purpose of considering the best means of preventing tho carrying out tho pioposo.d formation of a road through Carlton-gardens ; Mr. James Wcedow occupied tho chair. Tho first reso- lution was proposed by Mr. Bertram, and was to tho effect that tho meeting regarded tho proposed dismemberment of Carlton-gardens with regret and alarm, and pledged itself by all lawful means to oppose the samo being carried out. It also called upon tho Govern- ment to preserve intact the reserve in ques- tion, as it was considered that tho arguments urged in favour of tho street through Carlton gordens applied with equal forco to many similar reserves. Mr. Stephens sccondod tho resolution, -and in doing so oxprossed his opinion that tho movement for tho construc- tion of a road through tho gardens was in- itiated by persons influenced by selfish and in- terested m oti ves. The cutting up of tho gardens would result in their deterioration, if not their actual destruction. Considerable excep- tion was taken by sevoral mombors of tho meeting to tho charge of persons being actu- ated by interested motives, and an amend- ment was proposed by Mr. Harmswortb, to tho effect that if the City Council saw a neces- sity for having a road formed through Carlton-gardens in 3850, that necessity was much -greater at tho present time. Tho amendment was seconded, nnd sovoral per- sons gave expression to their opinions pro and con. upon the subject, in tho courso of which a good deal of confusion prevailed. After about ono hour's discussion, tho amendment was negatived, and the resolution declared carried. Resolutions wero also adopted ap- pointing a committeo to form a deputation to wait upon tho bon. tho Minister of Lands, to Tequest him to uso his influence to preservo tho gaiden8 intact, and directing the atten- tion of tho City Council to tho desirability of improving tho Carlton-gardens. A vote of tbanks to tho proprietors of tho sevoral morning papers terminated tho proceed- ings. "Day by day," writes tho Geelong Ad- vertiser, "does the success achieved by tho Mclbourno company in the preserving of meat receive further confirmation, and causes regret that tho attempt mado to establish a similar Company in Geelong should have failed through the apathy of those most interested. On Saturday a tin of presorved beef which had mado tho vojago homo and back was oponed by Captain Williams, of tho Lanarkshire, in the presenco of sevoral of our leading merchants. The contents wore found in splendid condition, tho meat being excellent in colour, good in flavour, and as fresh as on the day it was boiled, a mass of rich yellow jelly adding to its appearance. Iflthc supply can be kept up, it is tho opinion of Captain Williams and many others that no passenger ship will ever leave our ports with- out it, so grateful an addition is it to the ordinary rations consumed at sea. " The first local wool sales of the season will bo held at Mack's Hotel, Goolong, to-day. In order to givo Melbourno purchasers an oppor- tunity of perusing their English correspond- ence previous to attending tho sale, tho hour has been altered from 2 to 3 o'clock. It was some time since decided by the Shire Council of Barrabool to amalgamate the offices of secretary and engineer, and to have one resident officer to attend to the duties of the shire. At a meeting held yesterday, Mr. Huie, secretary to the Bannockburn Shire Council, was appointed, the salary being £260. There were 16 applications. Mr. J. Elkington has held the office of secretary for many years. The body of the young lad named Cullen, drowned during the flood on Tuesday last, in the River Barwon, was recovered yester- day morning, between 300 and 400 yards from the spot where he was drowned. The in- quest was held yesterday, when it was elicited that the police had unsuccessfully been dragging for the body, nearly a week with the usual grappling irons, and that a person named Bodell, using a simple hook made of twisted wire, succeeded in obtaining the body after an hour's casting. The jury returned a verdict of accidentally drowned. At the Geelong Police Court yesterday, Mr. C. O. Hennelle appeared on bail, to answer a charge of perjury. The case, the particulars of which appeared in The Argus of the 21st inst., was adjourned from Wednesday last for the production of witnesses. Mr. Higgins, who appeared for the prosecution, asked for a further adjournment. He stated that on the last occasion a gentleman from the prothonotary's office was not in attendance. To make sure of his pre- sence that day, Mr. Higgins had forwarded a subpœna through his agent, with the neces- sary expenses, and had good reason to believe that it was in the prothonotary's office. The 386th section of the Common Law Procedure Statute provides that any affidavit used before a judge shall be deposited with the judge's associate, so that it might be filed within seven days in the prothonotary's office. The affidavit in this case was sworn to on the 9th October, and yet he had received a letter from the prothonotary stating that he know nothing of it, and that he had telegraphed to that effect to the clerk of petty sessions on the 19th inst. Mr. Ander- son, the gcntloman referred to, denied having received such a telegram. Mr. Higgins further stated that the gentleman referred to had replied that the amount of £1 forwarded to pay his expenses was not enough. He (Mr. Higgins) would take the liberty of communi- cating with the Attorney-General as to the way in which matters were being carried on. Mr. Guy strongly opposed the adjournment, and said that the affidavit upon which the pro- ceedings were based was like the play of Hamlet without the ghost--there was no- thing in it, the information did not state that any one would be injured by it. Mr. Higgins stated that he could not be responsible for any laxity in the Government service. Eventually the caso was adjourned till Mon- day. A meeting of tho Geelong Regatta Commit teo was hold yesterday afternoon, Mr. J. B. Wilson in tho chair. A sub-committee, con- sisting of Captain Nicholson, and Messrs. Ha}cs, Macallister, Farrell, and Robinson, having been appointed to draw up a pro giamme, th» meeting adjournoJ. The Theatre Royal was fairly attended last evening, and Herr Bandmann repeated his very successful impersonation of Othello. This evening he will appear as lago, Mr Steele playing tho Moor. The varied chamctor of the entertainments at the Duko of Edinburgh Theatre, which include comedy, singing, and ballot dancing, as well as tho clever performances of tho French and Spanish gymnastic troupo, should attract large audiences. Wo notice that tho engagement of tho gymnastic troupe termi- nates this week. Tho now opera-house was crowded in every part last night on tho occasion.of tho benefit of Mr. Hussey, the popular comic man of the Minstrel troupe. Tbcio woie sevoral novelties in the progrnmmo, and the per- formances wero spiritedly rendered, and in a manner to tho entiro satisfaction of tho audience. Tho day performance at 3 o'clock passed off very successfully. A'sp'ouial general meeting of tho University Cricket Club will bo held on Friday afternoon next, at tho London Tavern, to discuBS tho proposed annual cricket match botween tho Universities of Sydnoy and Mulbourno. I The number of visitors to tho National Museums of natural history, geology, and economic geology applied to mining, agricul- ture, and tho arts, for the wcok onding 23rd October, 1869, was 1,138. The pigeon match between Mr. Redwood, of New Zealand, and Mr. Grimwood, of Mel- bourne, will take place, at Flemington, this afternoon, at 4 o'clock, at 21 hirds each, 21 yards rise, and 80 yaTds boundary. We aro requested to stato that tho notice which appeared in yesterday's issue roferring to Mr. John Hood's withdrawal from tho finn of Ilood and Co., was incorrect. The mistake was caubed by a clerical error in copying tho original signature It should havo boon Mr. John W. Hood. A meeting of laymen of St, Potor's parish was held in tho schoolroom on Monday even- ing, to elect representatives to tho Church Assembly. The Rev. II. H. JP. Handfiold» in- cumbent of tho paiish was called upon to preside. Ono hundred and soven persons attended and voted, and the result was that Messrs. F. Wilkinson, F. Uther, and J. Do Little wore duly elected. On Monday lost, tho workmon of tbo West end Boot and Shoo Factory, Bourko- stroot west, presented their employer, Mi. William Stack, with a complimentary addross, _ on his recovery from a recent attack of sick- ness. Tho address was accompanied by a vnlnoblo watch and chain. Mr. James O'Kano presented tho addross on bohalf of tho shop. Mr. Stack replied in a brief but suitable manner. A meeting of tho members of tho Mol bourno Dramatic Club was held lost ovoning at Grimwood's Rose, Thistle, and Shamrock Hotel, for the election of managors, and other business connoctcd with tho club. Mr. A. G. Rosser occupied tho chair. Several ladies and gentlemen having been enrolled as members, Mr. Waltor Perry was elected manager; Mr. W. Kemp, stage manager: Mr. R. Henry Talbot, lion, secretary and Irensuror ; and Messrs. W. Donovan and Clark members of tho committee. It was decided to hold weekly meetings of the members, nnd shortly to givo n performance in aid of the charities, when the publia will liave an opportunity of judging of tho capa- bilities of the club. The monthly meeting of tho committee of the Eye and Ear Institution was held yester- day : present-Dr. Neild (in tho chair), the Rov. James Mirams, Mr. Gray, Mr. IS. M. Gibbs, Mr. Richard Gibbs, Mr. Forres, and tho Rev. G. V. Barry. A letter from tho Treasury department was read, informing tho committeo tnatwhen tho question of grants to public charities comes on for consideration the claims of the institution will recoivo attention. It was thereupon resolved that a deputation, consisting of tho presidont, tho troasuror, the honorary surgeon, and, tho Rov. Jamos Mirams, wait upon the lion, the Treasurer, for tho purposo of requesting that tho institu- tion bo placed upon tho samo footing as all other charitable bodies, so as to recoivo a like pioportion of subsidy. Tho sum of £30 Is. 2d. was voted for the month's maintenance The state of tim hongo was reported as fol- lows :-In-patients admitted, 9 ; discharged, 8 ; remaining in the house, 10 ; out-patients on tho books, 456 ; principal operations per- formed during the month, 10. Tho question. of obtaining o building-site was again consi- dered, and the bon. secretary was requosted to make arrangements for a deputation t» the Commissioner of Lands and Survey, with a view of brinaing tho matter before him. 