LIVELY ELECTION TIMES. THE declaration of the candidates nominated to fill the vacancies in the Brisbane Municipal Council, caused by the retirement according to law, of six Aldermen (one from each ward), and of the two Auditors, was made by His Worship the Mayor (Mr. J. Hardgrave), in the Chamber of Commerce, at noon, on Feb. 2. The room wm well filled* and considerably more interest was manifested in the proceedings than has been evinced on such occasions for some years past. Only one Alderman was to be elected for each ward. The Maxob having explained the objeot of the meeting, read the following nominations for the office of Aldermen :— KABTWABD. Mr. William Pettigrew, timber merchant, William-street: nominated by Messrs. Alex ander Hubbard, Thomas Illidge, William Taylor, Thomas S. Cowell, and A. B. Simmonds. The Matob stated that he had received another nomination for this ward, but that it was informal. The 15th clause of the Munici palities Aot, in defining the mode of nomina* tion, laid it down that "Any fire electors entitled to vote in any municipality, or in any ward of any municipality, may nominate a can* didate or candidates for election, by delivering to the returning-ofnoer for the time being a document containing the name or names in full of the candidate or candidates they may wish to propose, setting forth also the occupa tion and residence of suoh candidate or candi dates, and also similar particulars respecting the five electors bo nominating, euoh document to be accompanied by a written statement by each candidate signifying his willingness to serve if elected." The nomination he had to declare informal was that of Mr. Jesse Sawyer, which did not contain the occupation and resi- dence of that gentleman. The following was the nomination:— Mr. Jesse Sawyer : nominated by Messrs. W. Hemmant, W. Keith, T. midge, M. Walmes- ley, W. Potts, and others. Mr. HEMMANT remarked that the informality only consisted in the omission of the occupa tion and residence of Mr. Sawyer, and he most request the Mayor to put it to the meeting whether the necessary correction should not be made. The MAYOR could do nothing of the kind. The Act plainly defined the mode of nomina tion, and he must abide by that Act. (Loud ex presskms of disapprobation.) " WEST WARD. Mr. John Hardgrave, gentleman, Petrie terrace: nominated by Messrs. B. Gregory, William Fisher, George Jones, James Scott, and Bobert Brady. Mr.Balph Rhodes, innkeeper, George-street: nominated by Messrs. George Myers, Thomas Poole, B. W. Bisel, L. Carmichael, and T. Hayes. The Matob stated that he had received two other nominations for this ward, but must pro nounce them informal, for the same reason as the other, as they did not specify the occupa tion and residence of the candidates. The fol lowing were the persons nominated :— Mr. E. Lewis: nominated by Messrs. H. Pietzcker, Stewart and Hemmant, W. L. Law rence, H. Shepperson, and J. Watson. Mr. John Markwell: nominated by Messrs. John Kingsford, George Slater, Robert Buleock, Thompson Buchanan, and H. Shepperson. The Maxob said these must be informal. They did not know who Mr. Lewis was. Mr. Lbwib, cabinetmaker, then stepped for ward, and said: " Here he is; you don't want to know him." After much laughter and confusion, Mr. Coon rose to move the adjournment of the meeting, for the purpose of allowing time to obtain the opinion of the Attorney-General as to whether the Mayor was acting correctly or incorrectly. The Matob said that he must act as the law directed. If the whole meeting left the room, he should go on with the proceedings all the same. He would declare Messrs. Hardgrave and Rhodes duly nominated, the poll to take place next Tuesday, in the Town-hall. The retiring alderman is Mr. Hardgrave. HOBTH WABD. Mr. Arthur Billett, baker, Leichhardt street: Dominated by Messrs. Robert Brown, John Petrie, James Bryden, St. Andrew Warde, and J. 8. Tamer. Mr. Thomas Church, shopkeeper, Queen street : nominated by Messrs. James Davidson, KJfi,S Stobdi- *■" Mr. Thomas lUidge, gentleman, Gregory terrace: nominated by Messrs. D. Longlands, C. Bordorff, Michael Hughes, K. Macdonnell, and Henry Fane. The Mayor declared that the poll would be taken next Tuesday, at the Sir John Youne Hotel, Leichhardt-street. The retiring Alderman is Mr. Billett. SOUTH WARD. Mr. Thomas Grenier, gentleman, South Brisbane: nominated by Messrs. John Frazier, James S. Scott, D. Sinclair, William Baynes, and Joel Wilde. Mr. Richard Harley, printer, Tribune street : nominated by Messrs. David Grayson, Charles Fox, Thomas Einsela, Daniel Cos tigan, and James Doyle. The Mayor declared that the poll would be taken at the South Brisbane Mechanics' Insti tute next Tuesday. The retiring alderman is Mr. Grenier. TALLBY WARD. Mr. Francis Beattie, merchant, Queen street: nominated by Messrs. Moses Ward, L- P- Warren, Angus Eos?, Charles Deacon, and Christopher Bean. The Mayor said that, there being no other candidate nominated, he must deolare Mr. Beattie duly elected. The retiring alderman is Mr. Beattie. KANGAROO POINT WARD. Mr. Robert Porter, contractor, Kangaroo Point: nominated by Messrs. Robert Douglas, William Thornton, Ernest Goertz, E. W. Lamb, and Joseph Darragh. The Mayor said that, there being no other candidate nominated, he must declare Mr. Porter duly elected. The retiring alderman is Mr. Porter. The following nominations were received for the office of Auditors, two to be elected:— • Mr. John Crowther, collector, Queen-street: nominated by Messrs. R. Armour, Alexander and Armour, Warde Brothers, H. P. Abbott, and J. Kingsford. Mr. John Hall, architect, Spring Hill: nominated by Messrs. John Chesney, W. G. Moffatt, £. Bushel], Rogers and Harley, and Thomas Gibson. Mr. A. E. Alexander, auctioneer, Edward street : nominated by Messrs. Michael Hughes, H. Pietzcker, James Hunter, Augustus Hues man, and George Mjers. The Mayor said that he had also received the following nomination, but that it was in formal, as it did not give the occupation and residence of the candidate:— Mr. William Castles : nominated by Messrs. W. Brookes, R. A. and J. Kingsford, L. A. Bernays, William Grimes, and Lore Brothers. The Mayor declared that the poll would be taken at the Town Hall next Tuesday. Mr. R. Cribb rose and proposed that another meeting be held, and that Mr. E. Macdonnell take the chair. The Mayob said that, if they wished the room for the purpose of holding a meeting there, they must pay the Corporation a guinea for the use of it. (Confusion.) Mr. Cribb, in a Tery excited manner: Oh, then, we are bebarred from our own premises ? Mr. Macdonnsll said that, whatever they did, he hoped they would conduct the meeting orderly. He would be responsible for the guinea himself. [He then took the chair.] He had not expected to occupy that position, but he believed some step should be taken to mark the opinion of the ratepayers about the way in which the meeting had been treated. He did not accuse the Mayor of discourtesy, but he thought it was the duty of the Town Clerk, if there had been any informality, to have allowed those who had brought the nomination paper in to have rectified it. It should be part of that official's duty to correct all informalities, or give the gentlemen bringing them advice. In his opinion, printed forms of nomination should be obtainable at the Town Clerk's office. (Cheers.) Mr. Cribb said that it had struck him very forcibly, while the Mayor was reading the nomi nations, that not in one case had he read the oonsent of the candidates to act, if elected. The fifteenth clause distinctly laid it down that such consent was to be contained in a nomination paper. The whole proceedings showed that the meeting were not to be guided by their own judgment, but that everything was to be forced down their throats. Mr. S. FRAsra, M.L.A., thought that the duty of obtaining legal opinion on the point in dispute should not devolve on the Mayor. He would move, as an amendment, " I hat Messrs. E. Macdonnell, R. Cribb, Hemmant, and the mover-be appointed to take the opinion of the Attorney-General as to the following points:— Firstly, whether the omission of the descrip tion of the occupation and residence of a candi date from a nomination paper was so informal as to prevent that candidate being elected. Secondly, if so, does the omission of the consent of a candidate to act, render a nomination informal. Thirdly, if no opposition be tendered by any ratepayer to a nomination, on account of an informality, can the Mayor determine himself whether such motion be informal ? " Mr. Cribb withdrew his motion, stating the amendment met his views. Mr. Lxwis made a few remarks, the purport of which was, that an alderman had told him a few days ago that the Mayor and Council would do all in their power to keep him out. (Laughter.) He could see that for himself now. They wanted to keep him out because his brains were too clear. (Laughter.) A short time ago he had come up into the Town- hall, and seen the aldermen gorging themselves on roast beef and ale. If he got eleoted, he should put a stop to that sort of thing. (Laughter.) The motion was seconded by Dr. Smith, and carried unanimously. Mr. Cootb moved,—"That the Mayor be instructed to furnish the gentlemen named with the necessary papers, to enable them to state their case." The Mayob stated he would furnish such papers with pleasure. Mr. Sawyer seconded the motion. Mr. C. J. Trundle would like to know who was going to pay for the legal opinion, and suggested that those who wished to show their sincerity should subscribe. Mr. Cootb ridiculed this idea, contending that the expense ought to be borne by the municipal funds, the question on which the opinion was to be sought being purely a muni cipal one. Mr. Hbmxant supported the motion, and believed that they could not throw away the municipal money more than the Council did. The aldermen had lately paid the Town Clerk £60 for doing his duty, and had subscribed £10 for prizes for the East Moreton Farmers' Asso ciation. The legal opinion, however, should be obtained, if the committee named in the reso lution had to pay for it themselves. He might state that one of the gentlemen interested in a nomination .which had been declared informal called at the Town Clerk's office with the paper, and asked him if it was formal. The Town Clerk refused to give him any information whatever. He thought such conduct, on the part of a paid officer of the Council, most dis courteous, and would move, —" That this meet ing records its censure on the Town Clerk for having refused to give a ratepayer information respecting a nomination, when requested todoso." The previous motion having been passed, Mr. W. Perry seconded the last resolution. Mr. Keith said he was the person to whom Mr. Hemmant referred. He had thought a nomination paper informal, and had asked the opinion of the Town Clerk, who had said that it was none of his business, and that he (Mr. Keith) should read the Act for himself. The resolution was then put, and carried net*, dis. The meeting then adjonrned until 12 o'clock on Monday next, by which time it is expected that the legal opinion will have been obtained. A COBBKBPONDBKT of the 5. M. Herald, writ ing from Batavia, under date December 10, says, " Count yon Attorns has confessed, and is to get a severe sentence. His yacht, the Ham let's Ghost, has, I believe, been sold for about £200. On his way to Java he fired into a vessel for not showing her colors, and after his arrest he insistedupo£the Austrian Consul sending to Singapore to intercept an Austrian frigate and order h«r to dome to effect hia release." 