LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE OF CHRIST'S CHURCH, NORTH SHORE. Yesterday the foundation stone of a new church, at the head of Lavender Bay, to be called Christ's O^ural wee laid by tho Lird Bishop nf Sydney ia the preeoni et a largo gathoring of persons AraocgBt others pr sent were tbo Bight Ko». Dr. Turner, B^hop < Grafton and Armidalo: tho "Vnry B 8ydney. Rove. Canon O'B-illy, Dr. Batrv, H 8. B";ni 0\. H. Bioh, 8. Mitchell, W. Allworth, W. B. Olarki E, Smith. Unwin Pollard, Kildnhl, and Middleton tho Hon. Franois Lord, Mra;ra. OhnrlcB Campbell, ¿ J. EalBton, It, P. Poekloy. 0 W. Woolcott, B. Laml Henning, Norrie, J. Mtleom, W.' P. Wolloott Blut Uoseitler, Maokanncea, G. Barney, Loxton, ore. The steamer Galatea was engaged, and conveyed th Sydn'oyfriends oorosi tho water On arriving at th ground, tho Metropolitan and Bishop of Groftor attended by tho olorgymen preeeht in their aurplico! assembled round tho atone. Tho 182ad Psalm was re pcatod. Tho Hov. \V. B. Clarice then road tho losaoi from lat Corinthians, third chapter. The collects fo tho lS'.h Sunday after Trinity] and for St. 8imoa »nc St, Judo were then reid by tho Biahop. After whiel the scroll, which was ns follows, was:read by Mr. 0 M. Palmer, and placed in a battle under the atone : Thia Foundation Stone Of a Churoh to bo oallod Ohrist's Ohuroi, lo tho Pariah ot Willoughby, Erected by voluntary aubiorlptlona aided by a bequoat of Tho lato William Lithgow, Kan,., Waa laid bj tho Right Reverend Father In Ooo, Frederic, Lord UUhon of Sydney, and Metropolitan of Australia, On th« XXV day of August, in tho year of our Lord MDCCCLXIX, Tho XXXIII year of tho Reign of U.tf. QUEBK VtcTonn, Ana tho LXXXI year ef tho oalony of N.S.W., Tho night ITonournblo tho Earl of DELUonn, Governor. (.Tho Lord lllihop of Syduoy, Trustee of tho Bite. W. I». Olnrko, M.A., Licensed minister of Willoughby. B. P. Pooktey, Charlea At; Patatal', John nossiter, Mcmbors of the Building Committee. » A. J. Ralston, Treasurer, n, Backhouse ' '~ Arehitoat. The stone having been lowered into its plnoo, tba BISHOP gave it four tripa with tho mallot. and said: I lay this as tho foundation stonn of a Church, to bo built in this plaae ; to ha nnmed Christ's Churoh, and to bo sot apart for tho preaching of tito right Catholio faith, whioh wo bellevo and confess, la. ibo name of the Father, and of tho 8on, and of tito Holy Ghost. He also added : Except the Lord build the houso their labour Is but lost that build lt. The glorious Majesty of tho Lord our Ood bo upon us j prosper Thou the work of our hands unou us ; O prosper J Lou our handy work; for tho satte of Jesus Christ oar Redeemer and Advooate. Amin. Tho following hymn, composod by the Bev. W. B. Clarke, was then sung; tho children of the school being platted on a platform at tho northern sido of the stono:- ? Ohl Thou to whom on Cnnaan's hills Their altare rude the Patriarchs reared, Whoso presenoo endless ages Alla, By saints and angels loved and feared: Thou, In whoso light all creatures liva. Whose Lovo I'edaraptlon'B prlco displays, To us Thy blessing deign to give And tum our homage Into praise. Wa ask Thoa to aooopt the TOWS Mada at this stono, as witness latd, , That all tbs ssrvloo of Thy house Shall In Its order be obeyed. Oomo, In the boundlessness of grace. And shed Thy Spirit from on high. And, hallowing- this Thy chuseu place. Our powerless falui wita strength supply. Here bo the name of Christ adored His gospel preached-Ills word believed Tho bond of uol ty restored Pardon proolalmod and nesca reootved ! Tiie Apostles' Creed and responses were then repeal and the METBOFOLITAN offered the following prayer; O most glorious Lord God, whoBe throne ia the haaren heavens, and the earth Thy footstool, look down wa beseeoh Tl from Tliy dwelling place on high, and blass tho undertaking Thy humólo servants. Wo know O Lord that without Tho» < Works are vain ; and unlosa Thou build the house their laboui but lost that build lu Prevent us therefore in all our dolt with Thy most gracious favour, and further us with Thy oontlm kelp, In carrying- on tho work willoh wo deal» thia day to begin Theo, in tho name of Thy b esiod Son. Bring ll, if lt bo T food ploasure, to a hippy completion I and BU send downT grace and benediction upon all who ahall engage in orpromt lt, that Thy aanctuary may boto them tho llouso of Clod, a tho Gato ornearon. Oratelo our hearts tho tore of Thy nam tacreoio in us true religion; nourish ua with alt goodness, and Thy groat morey keep us in tho Bame i In the communion of T Church, and of nil true bellevors who hare plenaod Thee in Un ?evernl generations from Ihn beglnnlug of tho world. Olvo frraoo wa boBeoch Theo JO to follow the good example of thc Thy servants, departed Ulla lifo In Thy faith and fear, that wi them wo may bo partakers or Thy heavenly kingdom, grant tl O merciful FnlUor for tho sake of Jesus Christ, who with Th and the IJo>y Qhost liveth and reigneth ever Uno Dod woi without end.-Aaaen, His Lordship then delivored an appropriate addrei He said they were assembled on a very important ai deeply interesting occasion, whioh, bo trusted, w ominous of great gcod to the people of North Shot They bad Ind tho foundation etone of a ohurch who tho pure doctrine of Christ may be preaohed in a earnestness, and fraught with benefits and blessing lasting and eternal to tho plaoo whero it would I raised. Ha trusted that this would bo tho caso, and i laying this stone they wera about to raiee a house 1 God, whero his name would bs taught, and his praisi sung. This was tho foundation on whioh the doclrlr. i of the Ohurch of England was placed, and in wbio tho ritual and articles of that Ohurch existed. Tho were met to erect another placo of worship whlo would be an addition to tho mother-churoh, and ma God condeao'nd to make this place the very gai of heaven to many souls. It was, he tboughi high timo that euoh an addition was mad in this place. Tho subjeat had oconpied the attentioi ef the people of North Shoro for some time past, bu difficulties rested in tho way, and new that thi decisivo step was taken ha trusted that all whoreeidei here would foel it their priviloge and duty aa oso mai to throw themselves heart and soul inti tho work, sm to the glory of GoJ and the honour of thomselve carry it through to completion. Ho did not doub that this was thair determination, and ho hopod tho many of tboso who that doy wero present a tho; laying of tho foundation etonb of tht church would shortly havo tbo.pleasuro of witnessinf its consecration. Ho congratulated tho Eev. W. B Olarko, and tho building 'committee, that eo mud had already been done; and, by tho munificence of om who bad pasted away and tho liberality of thosi present, ho boped they would succeed in raising t ohurob which would be an ornament to North Short and Lavender Bay. He thankod Mr Lord for tbt generous gift of tho ground on whioh they bad com naenoed operations. He was thank fal that they hac amongst them tho Bishop of. Gräften and Anni dalejon that occasion, and bo took it os an ovidenoi of the extension of tho Ohurob pf England ia thit large country; and, in conoluBlon, he trusted that the] might hereafter be gathered around the throne above. , , . . A collection was then made, and a, considerable amount raised. . Tho, Lonn Bisher having pronounced tho bono diotios,. the assemblage .disported, -, and. tho visitón returned to Sydney. ' Tho following is a brief description,of tba building whioh, when complote, will be ono of tho p-ottieet littli ohurohee in or around Sydney. The sito of tho churo! ls on the rising ground at the head of Lavendor Bay and commands a sptesdid view of the harbour, city, and surrounding neighbourhood. , Erotn tho olovatod and rugged character of the ground, o somewhat large amount has boen expendod in tho foundation, which bas now been brought up to the fioor lino. Th« foundation stono itself Is a block of sandstone bf con- siderable weight, and placed immediately under the cast window of thoobancel, It bears an inscription, neatly, engraved by Mr. G. Twemlaw, of Pitt-street, : on a brass plate, tbo face being covered with plate-glass, The inBOiiption is BB follows; " This stono was laid by his Lordship tho Bishop of .Sydney, August 25th, A» 1809. B. Backhouse,; arohitobt.!' The ohurob will constat of a nave 80 feet by 85 foot, ohaaeel 2C feet by 20 feet, vestry 15. foot by 12 f«et, tho organ chamber ocottpying tho eama epaco. abovo the vestry, anda towor acd spire rising to a height of 120 feet from tbe mada ground lino, i Tho stylo adopted is the; carly English. Tho-,oomfort, ef tho. ,con< negation bas been takon Into consideration, tho build- ing being vory spaolous, considering its comparatively moderato capacity, The navo is epannod with one 1 roof truseed by Golbia principals. Tho ventilation ii provided for by opposing windows,.and these, if fandi will .permit, it is proposed lo opón by iron gearing simultaneously wita the . dormers in the roof, 'and by " quatro foll " inoisions in gables and other places, Tht , walls will bo of stono; tho roofs open'timbered, and i slated externally, thoeffeot being obtained by tonkins the' large aurfaoes ot tho roof by aide gables, Th« > position of tho tower will bo at tho junction of thi . nave and chancel. Tho design ot tho building wai i unanimously selected by' tho committee from among eight other*, tho motto being "Lavender Bay," bj Mr. Backhouse, aicbiteot, ef Georgo-streer. Tba work ia, bting osrried on under bia dlrfotion by Mr. William Eaton, builder, of North Shore, and a far asoma well done. The trowel and mallet with whioh the eowraony was performod woro neatly got up, tho trowel hoing of silver with ivory handle, and the mallet of nicely polished colonial wood. 