OUR STREET. Still racing is tho chief theme, and " Our Street" is (all of visitors, drawn hither by tho approaching Autumn trrst of tho Australian Jockey Club. Scrubbing and painting aro quite tho ordor of tho day ; oud whether we goto "Tho Koyal," or " I'he Cafe," or pay mino host of ïsttersaU's or the Craven, a visit, the busy note of preparation is continually sounding. A right pleasant note it is too, for it shows that evon in these bad times the publio caterers do at least hope to do well,- and after all, this life were hardly worth the living but for the pleasures of hope. "Front de Boauf" is not much of u sporting man, but he likes to see tho gentlemen of the nietallios with their nuttjt, books with horses on tho out tide; and to hear them roar out their offers with the lungs of stentors, lt shows they aro in good health, th .t although they may have finished off at the Cyder Cellars (I meant tho Varieties) somewhere about 5 a.m., they don't feel a bit the worse for it; which is a sure and certain aign that their bibious propensities didn't bring them across any bad goods. Well, they do give it voice, dont they ? Whether one meets them at tho first dawn of morning trying conclusions with tho early villlage cock, who shall get in time for the first gallops, a week before the races ; or on the Leger aftornoon within five minutes of tho start for tho great event. Noisy always, but itt a pleasant noise. Lots of chaff, bandying about .mung thom ; and never any quarrelling. Its great fun to hare a fortnight or so of these Bookmakers luuni menta; but I reckon this time tho weather is rather against profitable mornings for tho purveyors of those splendid rolls at the gato-houao. Its groat indead to seo "Diligent Joe" in a huge bearskin mutchka, poking fun at the gentleman who has his supper sent him from Cattt's, when he oooupies his quarters in tho number bouse. There's nought batter, if so welly good, to bo found in " Our Street." So I hear the Parkes Testimonial Committee ara going to hava a grand re-union in the Banquetting Hall of tho Empire Offico, where a number of tho "orney anded" have promised their assistance; when, after receiving tho subscription lists, tho great Harry will lead them in procession to tho Albert Ground, to seo tho Single Wicket Match, and take a leeson from Tommy Wills in ihnivinj out, whatever sido happons to be in. Tho groat ghost hunter has beon in a blue funk ever since the arrival of tho Mail news on Wednesday, because the British Government are going to liberate a lot of Fonians, and soma aro in these colonies. Poor Mr P l It's a pity you got rid of Benedict. He'd hare been as good to set on to these liberated Fonians, as that little mongoose of yours used to bo at tho snakes, when you contemplated turning tho Museum into a gigantic rat pit. You've been too busy of late to indulge in suoh frivolities ; but, never mind old man, keep well to the Education Scheme; it will turn out better than eithortho Vernun or tho Newcastle Reformatory did, under your fostering. There be all sorts of rumours about mis. Jnmsgemont in other departments ; and Front de Boufs ibeliero that suoh disclosures will be made before long, a ijwill be almost enough to blow several of our beautiful islands clean out of tho harbour-and save the drodge .tho trouble of carrying tho dirt of Sydnoy out to SOJ. jWe'ru no Sailors, and precious few Soldiers to take care i.of us just now 5 but the volunteers aro behaving beautt ifull; showing that its little wo want, barrin their -.protection. Howover, I like to soo some red ooats among ?;iis; and I've felt quita lost without General Waddy and lis gallant Officers of " Tho Fighting Fiftieth." I don't ijcare how soon wo have some of thom back again, for we vahan't got thoir Uko in a hurry, I reckon, -jj I observe there has beon a great raid made upon some äf tho butchers' fraternity, for removing bones and other » >ffal, at improper hours. Tho magistrates mado an ox I implo of tho defendants, and inflicted heavy fines,-ten s ¡uincas on ono and five on the other. There's no doubt ! ta a terriblo nuisance having these things ca rt od about tho g ;QWQ at all hours of tho doy ; and, os tho Corporation « liavc modo a law to lit tho caso, it is quito necceesory that people should bo mado to koop it ; albeit the regulation ¿»bout moving oü'ul beforo 6 o clock, o.m., may appear to * iress severely on soma fow parsons. If wo aro to keep Small -ox and other infections or contagious disoascs away, S ind render thom harmless if they shou d come, it is ab- solutely necessary to first soe the cleanliness of Our jajireet, and thoir freedom firvm unwholesome smells and tutrifcatione. Herein lies tho secret of the health of owns. Front de Bouf is always vory glad to givo credit when Si^siblo to tho police of " Our Street ;" and it is a matter I >f rrjoicemcnt to him at thia parliculnr timo of writing g o bo able to credit tho D divi ion with a very good act S lone within tho weok. Somo fellow, who know tho Iny S if tho houso and the way of tho dogs, poid a visit to Mr I 'liarlos York'B house, and stole away his safe, containing i orno £300 ; but I notice that tho police of tho D division I -to mu a colonial expression-copped tho thief, as wall g s the Bafo ; and somo ono roturncd most of tho cheques I 5 'bo porson from whom thoy wcro stolon. On reading ç no caio, it struck mo that tho boggarman had something Í* do with it, aud I wouldn't wonder a bit to hoar that I 'joni, or Elliott, or somo of tho aotive members of tho division have laid violent hands upon him. There seen.s no doubt whatever about tho other fellow meeting with his desorts. * So there's to bo not never no baby show at the Agri- cultural exhibition ;" though I always heard the commo- dity was considered about tho most interesting product of " Our Street." I know sevoral ladies who aro quito in tho doldrums, and indeed I'd haifa mind to entera a young Front do Boauf on Thursday on tho chance of receiving honorable mention for a spooial exhibit that is not down in tho sohedule.. Uowsomevor, I changed my mind. I believe everything will be managed tecuncfum ariem by tho Council of tho Exhibition j and I'm suie ?hat so grand a gathering has never before been seen in Sydrey-or I might say Australia. In horticulture as well as agriculture, in live stock as well as dead, th» -xhibiti <n will be worthy of tho colonies whoso produce ic i< intended to show to advantage. Tho omnibus nuisance-as it is called-is occupying a good deal of spaoe in the Herald without the least atom of benefit being derived. If the number of buaaes on the Woollahra road was red.ioed from twenty-t tiree to twelvo, men would mako a living at threo-penco, and the bu"os would bo bel tar conducted ; but lower the prioe. iud keep the number as it now is, and we «hall soon see tenders advertised for the clothing of both drivers and ..onduotors, for I'm sure neither will be oblo to clothe themselves. There wants a company to work that road nrunerlv-at least so thinks i FRONT DE BOUF. 