LOCALITEMIZATIONAL. (From the San Francisco Golden City.) NOT long since, I was sitting in the sanctum of Mr. Editor, doing nothing and thinking deeply about it, when Mr. Editor said: " Mr. Jones." Ever ready with an appropriate retort to any thing addressed to me, I promptly replied : "What!" " I think," said he, " that you would make a good local reporter." " I know darned well I would!" I replied, with my accustomed modesty. " Well, I'll tell what I was going to pro pose." "Out with it," said I; "I'm all ears." In saying that I was " all ears," I was quite innocent of any intention of surreptitiously ap plying a harsh epithet to myself. " I propose," said Mr. Editor, "to make you our local editor." "Your wisdom," said I, grasping his hand cordially, " nerer shone so brightly as now!" " Yes, Mr. Jones, the public appreciate you, and I think no person could better do the local for our paper than you." "Your judgment," said I, deliberately, "does you great credit." " So, you can commence as soon as you please getting items ready for our next issue." " I will." " But," said Mr. Editor grarely, " beware of one thing." " A thousand, if you wish!" " One thing, in particular, Mr. Jones." " What is it ?" "Be careful not to defame the character of any one. 'Be jußt, and fear not;' but then, at the same time, remember that there are such things as libel suits." " I'll bear it in mind." " Yes, be Tery careful. Be mild and courteous in your expression; and when you find it necessary to use the name of any one, use it as you would use an article borrowed from a friend." " Exactly;—like I'd use a borrowed dollar, for instance—use it up." I said this with a knowing wink " No—O, no ; I mean, use it carefully and respectfully, not as money, but as a book, or something of that eort. Be very careful, Mr. Jones. I wouldn't be sued for libel for a million I dollars!" " No—'cause you're not worth it," said I. Without laughing to much as five minutes at this very witty cism, Mr. Bditor went on : "Of course, Mr. Jones, I shall glanoe over the proof-sheet of your items, before the paper goes to press, as I wish to make sure that nothing that could be construed as libelous be inadvertently inserted among them." " I cheerfully agree," said I, " but did it ever occur to you that a newspaper's veracity should never be impeached ?" " No. How do you make that out ?" " Because, a newspaper never publishes any thing until after it has obtained a proof of it." "O, nonsense!" said he. " Suoh proof* are mere impression ! " " I crave," said I. And I core. I was not long till I had written up a column of brilliant local items. Murders, accidents, homicides, thefts, larcenies, assaults-and-bat teries, lores, fights, duels and wit shone forth among them. Mr. Editor was not in when I brought the copy, so I gave it to the foreman, and it was soon set up. By the time Mr. Editor returned the proof was ready. He took it up for perusal, while I settled my self back in his chair and fortified myself to re ceive the immense compliments I felt sure my first effort at localitemization would elicit. Standing in a graceful attitude about the middle of the floor, with one hand grasping the proof-sheet and the other holding his glasses between it and his eyes, he proceeded to read aloud: " We learn, with pain, that Mr. J. Smith, an estimable citizen, who is also an old Californian, and has been known here as a prominent Forty- Niner for the last thirty years, was accidentally run over yesterday by a street-car; being injured so badly in the head and right arm that amputation has been considered necessary. We are happy to state, however, that he is in a fair way to recover." "Mr. Jones!" thundered Mr. Editor, stalk ing about the room, excitedly. " What ? " I exolaimed. "You've done it!" "Not do?" " No," said he; and he went on to pick my item to pieces, thus: " Here you state that Mr. Smith was run over by a car, which implies that he was run over by the horsfes also." "Well?" " Well, don't you see that it may be con strued into an attempt to place him beneath the brute* ! O what damages he would get, if we should publish this! " And Mr. Editor stalked about the room in a state of nervous excitement. I felt the cold perspiration starting from my frame. " Besides this," said he, " your stating that he was run over would imply that he was lying on the street. There would be further ground for action. Moreover, you hint at an amputation of the head, which he would show before a court to be an underhand way of calling him brainiest. It won't do, Mr. Jones. ' Fair way to recover,' indeed! He would be, if we were to publish this—' in a fair way to recover* damages. I rule this item out, Mr. Jones." " But it's set up," said I. " Ton must have been, too, when you wrote it, or you would have perceived how easily it might be proved a libel." Mr. Editor wiped the perspiration from his stern brow and the dim mist from his spectacles, and read die next item: " Bikaskablb Sttboibt.—This morning, just as the gong was sounding for breakfast in she South-western Hotel, Mr. John Brown sneezed his shoulder out of place, but, fortu nately, with some little effort succeeded in sneezing it back again. " Heavens !" " What's wrong with that, Mr. Editor?" " What's wrong with it! Mr. Jones, can you ask? What's right with it ?" " It's all right, I was thinking." " Mr. Jones, can you be so dull as not to see that every surgeon in this city would prefer a charge of libel against us should we publish this ?" " On what grounds ?" " Why, don't you see that it holds them up to ridicule, and brings their profession into disrepute, inasmuch as it conveys the idea that Mr. Brown's nose has performed a feat in sur gery that it would have required all their skill to accomplish? Why, we should be utterly ruined if we published this! It won't do Mr. Jones!" Mr. Editor trembled with agitation, and looked cautiously at the doors and windows as though fearful that some of the surgeons might have been there listening to that slanderous paragraph. After somewhat reasuring himself, proceeded to read the third item, while I shud dered with fearful anxiety. "Yesterday afternoon there was an enthusi astic Democratic meeting at Entrance Hall, largely attended by an appreciative and liberal minded audience. The Dishonorable Mr. Aylins was the speaker. His oration was listened to with profound repose, till, about the winding up of the middle portion of it, he had the meanness and audacity—to say nothing of the impudence—to introduce remarks of a Fourth-of-July character. In a moment the blood of the audience arose, while they arose and also ejected him from the speaker's stand. We have the greatest respect for Mr. Aylins—we honor him as a pure, high-minded, honorable, brave, and distinguished patriot; but —in view of his course at the meeting yes terday, we feel constrained, in the interests of humanity and public deoenoy, to brand him, with all the mildness, and gentleness, and sweet temperedness that the English language will allow, as a very perfect, elaborate and symme trically-formed a—s —s ; and that, too, of the deepest dye and long-earedest description!' " Never in my life—and I believe I have lived as long as any one else of my age and size—did I see so fierce and diabolical an expression of countenance as that which graced the features of Mr. Editor as he conducted the persual of his local item. His eyes started from their sockets, but did not quite escape; he ground his teeth till he bent the gold plate olean out of shape; his breath came and went like the puffing of a tired locomotive; his face turned the color of purple plumbs ; he clenched his hands till the nails would have cut into the palms if they had been of any considerable length; and there he stood glaring upon me with the eye of a demon. " Mb. Jones !" he thundered, and made a step toward me. I calmly sprang up from my seat and boldly advanced to the far side of the arm- chair. "Mb. Jonbs!" he reverberated. "What?" I asked. " Do you want to ruin me ?' " No—not unless I can gain something by it." " Mr. Jones, do you know that the publica tion of this item would entail both on this journal ?" " I wasn't aware of it till you said so; would it?" " It Wotod !" " Well, now, I don't see why. I am sure that I have observed unusual mildness of expression. Do you think Mr. Aylins would bring an action for libel, for a mere insinuation that he is an — an " " Ass ?" " Yes." " No, stupid dolt—pardon me, Mr. Jones!— I say, no, he wouldn't bnt all the asset in the country would!" Saying this, Mr. Editor tore the proof-sheet into slithers, rushed madly into the composing room, seized the column of " matter as it calmly reposed on the stone, and—pied it ! Thus ended my hopes of becoming famous as a local editor; for when he returned to the sanctum, he gazed, upon me with an awful calm ness that made me shudder, and emphatically uttered these cabalistic and significant words, which I construed into a hint that a further exercise of my functions as local editor would not be cordially encouraged : " Mr. Jones, you can go. I want no more of your infernal, libelous scribbling." So, I went. LrFK IK the Sea.—Twojwell-known natural* iata, Dr. Carpenter and Professor Thomson, of Belfast, are now engaged in a dredging expedi tion, to the west of the Faroe Islands. 1 his will decide the question whether there are liring creatures in the deepest parts of the sea. Emi nent authorities (the late Professor Edwin Forbes among [others, according to Chambers' Journal) have maintained that the pressure at the lower depths was too great to allow of existence being carried on—that there was not sufficient light—and that the water contained too little air. Thb merit is not in doing extraordinary ac tions, bat in doing ordinary actions extraordi narily well. The Breton mariner, on patting to sea, touch ingly prays, " Keep me, my God! my boat is so small, and thy ocean so wide." The streets of London are watered with a weak solution of salt and chloride of lime. One watering a day is sufficient. A Fbeschman has invented a kind of safe, which, when fraudulently opened, will kindle a brilliant Bengal light and assemble a crowd. Thbbb are now 3637 homoepathic doctors in the United States against none forty years ago. There are six homoepathio colleges—at Phila delphia, Cleveland, New York, Chicago, St. Louis and Boston. Oaths are vulgar, senseless, offensive, im pious ; like obscene words, they leave a noisome trail upon the lips, and a stamp of odium upon the soul. They are inexcusable. They gratify no sense, while they outrage taste and dignity. Fashions repeat themselves in the course of years, if we are able to understand a passage in Jeremy Taylor's sermon on the marriage ring: "Menander, in the comedy, brings in a man turning his wife from his house because she stained her hair yellow, which was then the beauty." Menander flourished about three hundred years before the Christian Era. A learned savant of Sweden accounts for the terrible earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, and tempests we have experienced within the past year or two by a theory that the crust of the earth has been very seriously depressed and broken. He also intimates that, by the exit of subterranean fires and other causes, the ices of the Poles hare been greatly reduced, and the angle of the equator with the plane of the ecliptic very perceptibly diminished. Boudoir.—This word is used to denote a lady's private apartment, in which she receives only her most intimate friends; and it carries with it ideas of refinement and luxury. If, however, we trace the word to its origin, we find that the root, or first syllable, boud is the same as our English word pout; and that the term signifies, literally a place to whioh a woman retires to sulk— hpoutery, as we might call it. Like many other words, however, it has lost the tinge of reproach and vulgarity it once bore, and has acquired an air of elegance which con ceals all traces of its low birth. In Syria the regulations pertaining to divorces are singular. If a man divorce his wife he can not see her face again. If both man and wife agree to a divorce, it takes place; if not there is a secret meeting held of the friends of the parties, called the assembly of verification. If the fault be on the side of the husband, he must, on separation give the wife the half of his property, and vice versa. One of the most singular customs of the Druses is, that if news, true or false, go abroad that a man has divorced his wife, the cadi sends for him and says: " The news of your divorce having gone abroad it must take place." And if the man should say, "I have not divorced my wife," it is of no avail. Seeing is Deceiving.—Here is a row of ordinary capital letters and figures: SSSSXXXXZZZZ 33338888 They are such as are made up of two parts of equal shapes. Look carefully at these, and you will perceive that the upper halves of the char acters are a very little smaller than the lower halves—so little that an ordinary eye will declare them to be of equal size. Now turn the page upside down, and without any careful looking you will see that this difference in size is very much exaggerated—that the real top half of the letter is very much smaller than the bcttom half. It will seem from this that there is a tendency in the eye to enlarge the upper part of any object upon which it looks. We might draw two circles of unequal size, and so place them that they should appear equal— Once a Week. Is there not some truth in the following which we clip from an English paper:—" Everything now-a-days must be done on a large scale; a lie must be % big lie to be properly respected. The unhappy wretch maddened by drink or jealousy, who, in a moment of temporary insanity, gives a blow which deprives of life all that he loves best in the world, is an awful murderer. The directors of railways who, by mismanagement, kill a few hundreds of the human race, are courted and respected. The heartless creditor who, by his harshness, drives his unfortunate debtor to take the benefit of the act of suioide, may be admired by all for bis many charitable works. For our part we would, so far as possible, punish causes. If, whenever a railway accident occured, a couple of directors or railway officials were tied on to the ' buffers' of the engine and forced to travel thus for a month or so daily, we much doubt if railway smashes for the next few weeks would be of such frequent occurrence." \fApnTpn Lifb.—Good counsel from a wife and mother: " I try to make myself and all around me agreeable. It will not do to leave a man to himself till he comes to you, to take no pains to attract him, or to appear before him with a long face. It is not so difficult as you think, dear child, to behave to ahusband so that he shall remain forever in some measure ahusband. I am an old woman, but you can still do what you like; a word from you at the right time will not fail of its effect; what need have you to play the suffering virtue ? The tear of a loving girl, says an old book, is like a dew-drop on a rose; but that on the oheek of a wife is a drop of poison to her husband. Try to appear cheerful and aontented, and your husband will be so; and when you have made him happy, you will become so, not in appearance, but in reality. The skill required is not so great. Nothing strengthens a man so much as the happiness of his wife; he is always proud of himself as the source of it. As soon as you are cheerful you will be lively and alert, and every moment will afford you an opportunity to let fall an agreeable word. Your education, which gives you an immense advantage, will greatly assist you; and your sensibility will become the noblest gift that nature has bestowed on you, when it shows itself in affectionate assiduity, and stamps on every action a soft, kind and tender character, instead of wasting itself in secret repinings." Thb Weaker Sbx.—There are a great many ' women who seem disposed to accept the title of weaker sex, and oonfonn their characters to it in every respect. This term, however, like softer, gentler, or tamer as is meant, and other expressions of the same sort, were first applied by man to woman to indicate his own affected superiority. They are words of pity which scantily cover a meaning of scorn. They were never intended as compliments, and should not be accepted as such. Women are in no sense— physically, morally, or intellectually—less strong by nature than man. They have as Urge a sum of strength in each respect as he, although the particulars of which it is composed are differ ent. The threading of a needle is as great a proof of physical superiority as the wielding of a crow-bar. If man has the broader grasp and stouter muscle the woman has the greater delicacy of touch and precision of movement. There may be as much strength in the oneaajn the other, though its nature is totally different. Many women have, however, unfortunately, we repeat, accepted weakness as an essential of their nature. We thus find them doing their best to enfeeble and reduce themselves to attenuated ghosts of humanity, hardly to be seen or felt. They have been impressed with such an arti ficial horror of the substantial that they will make any sacrifice of health and comfort to avoid it. Thus they tighten their waists, they squeeze their toes, they starve their stomachs, they blanch their faces, and shut themselves up in doors without light and exercise until they become almost disembodied. They have such an aversion to the least indication of the ruddy hue of health that they conceal it with chalk and paint, and to the activity of vigor, that they affect a languor when they have it not. They reach their ideal of a perfect woman when they have reduced themselves to the fewest possible pounds avoirdupois, diminished their powers of locomotion to the minimum necessary to getting in and out of a carriage with the aid of a help ing arm, whitened their faces to the palor of disease, and accomplished the feat of a daily headache in the morning and a fainting fit at night. A claim to the title of the weaker sex may thus be made good, but at a fearful sacri fice of health, happiness, and —according to all unperverted taste—loveliness too. -Women should scorn all such enfeebling appelativea as insults to their nature, and strive, in accordance with their original organization, to become robust physically, morally and intellectually. 