A POOR MAN ON A TENDER SUBJECT, 1 sing a song of a publican, A wicked man was be, And lie kept the Goat aud Compasses •For thirty years and three. To all the people round about, H» sold no end of beer; Very strong beer it was, I wot, * In the season of the year." Wo tlr*nk it, drank it," night and day, I and my mates, each one; Though we little knew what kind of a brew Came out of the landlord's tun. It put strange fancies in our heads, Leastways it did In mine; Except when I happened to tail asleep, Unconscious as the swine. I found the secret out at last* I need not toll yon bow— He served tbe beer as they serve tbe milk, By the help of the irou cowl And had it been no Wuss than this, It were a cruel sin) But he made it wnss a wery great deal. By the pisoni be put in. He made it strong with deadly drugs, Tbe bigger fools were we— To drink and pay for such rascal stuff For thirty years and three. But, as I've said, I've found him out, Aiid vowed to drink no more— Lest, I should stand in tbe felon's dock) Or knock at the workhouse door. Dick who drank It for ten long year, Mordered his blessed wife; Which be wonldn't ha' done unless for tbe boor, For be loved her more than life. And Tom went wrong, and Dick went dead, And Joe went out of liii mind ; While Bill and Sam ran right away. And left their wives behind. And many other £ne fellowa 1 knew, Grew old before their time j Or could not get a job of work, To keep their hands fromcrime. Tbe landlord once npon a day, Fell sick and like to die. And sent for me as well as tbe priest, Though I could not tell for wby. * Harry,' says be, ' Fve pisoned the beer, Tie tne very truth I've spoke: Tet prayed at Church on Stbbath days Along with the Christian folk. * Why didn't they nail my ears to the post f They'd done in days gone by I And perhaps I wouldn't ha' pisoned the poor WT drags to make them dry. * Wi* drags to make them wery dry, So that the more they drank, Tbe more they thirsted and wished to swill. Like horses at a tank. * I'm a sneak, a thief, and a hypocrite, And perhaps a murderer, too, Though I'm glad to see, 'mid all my sins, As I've not murdered you. ' But when I think on Dick that swung, Aloft on thegallows tree, I've mortal fear, 'twas the pisoned beer That was the ruin of he. < And bis ghost comes prowling every night. And chatters at the bed. And when I looks ou its dreadful face I wishes that I was dead. < And I 'eel I am going, Harry,' says he, 'And a wery bad man I've been, Though I've made a heap of dirty gold. That I wishes I'd never seen. * Good bye J good bye! I'm going to die! I cannot shear them ghosts That come every night with horid grin, Not one, or two, but hosts, And this landlord (rasas good as his word, For be died the wery next night, And I'm truly glad I was not him For all his guineas bright. And it's my opinion, if I'm fit To form a judgment clear; That the very worst thing a man can do Is to pison the people's beer; " —Ml the YcarEowuL JOT FOB THE MAGPIES. —A short discussion took place at the meeting of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, on Saturday, as to whether the magpie was a destroyer or protector of growing crops. The president gave the magpie an excessively bad character, saying that he had seeu the birds destroying large quantities of wheat A great deal of evidence was given on the other side, however, several gentlemen stating that the magpie was a great destroyer of grub and blight. The magpie's talking powers, says tbe Star, no doubt make him dear to Mr M'Intosh, who proposed that a magpie committee should be formed to investigate the matter. It was ultimately decided to take steps to have the magpie protected by act of Parliament. The number of passengers arrived at the port of Melbourne by sea during the weekending Saturday, October Snd, amounted to 301, of which number 337 were from the neighboring colonies, 13 from Galle, and one from Foo Chow Foo. A little girl named Elliott, aged abont 8 or 6 years, fell down a shaft 90 feet deep at Cardigan, ou Wednesday. She waa not, strange to say, much iiyured, and is likely soon to recover from the effects of her falL The following horses have been sctatched for the Melbourne Cop:— My Dream, Ragpicker, Sir William and Darkie. The KyneUm Gwardixm complains of the dirty practice of unloading sheep at the railway station on the passengers platform. As many as 300 being taken out during the night, and the mess in the morning is intolerable. f jVm.mfe , i correspondence states that it is rumored that gold has been found in the Hau Hau ranges. Parties are out, but no particulars to hand. John Wallace was brought sp at the police court, Wangaratta, on Tuesday morning, charged with w abduction of a'girl named Byron, from Ho wlong. He was remanded to Wahgonyah. v The iPIfof States states that a neat and substantial Episcopalian church was opened by the Bishop of Melbourne on^ Sunday .->last at Heathcote. The Church of England bazaar at Hamilton will leave a net balance of .£400, a rasnlt which the local paper says ought to satisfy the ladies of the district • •" _ iB&riy; date to New Zealand. BasSiasif^of importance call him from hia diocese for a short time. : The Omeo, which arrived from New .Zealand at an early hour on Friday morning, brings Mr Badwood'e horses, Manuka, PeereBs, and Misfortune. They axe all In spLendid condition, more especially Hwmka. _ . ' \- AnewpumponciBtotaiTprincimB,patented by Itfldlaw, the inventor of the tailings pump, and spoken very highly of by the scientific homejoumals, is shortly to lie shewnatwork : in Melbourne. . .. ' •' v , The Valne of the Australian gold imported Into fignlond In fits £rst five months of this year was £2.648,628, as «mpared witi £3)700162, In the corresponding period of1688, said 1,901,777, in the corresponding .period of l 8 At~a recent drawifigofthe Brtnsmii&dlwBy; Lottery Loan.lhe greatprire «p,<^ th»lera} was won frrthe Darmstadt-Bank." The bank, with extraordinary libendity, has distributed this' -sum 'femong itB officers servants, scbonliuKtotbeir positionin the establishment and .the Jength of 'ttifcir Bernce.. RiFtE SHOOTING.—The first meeting of the bandhurst Volunteer Rifle Association took pkee on Monday at the Back Creek Butts. The weather was not favorable to good shooting. I he highest score was made by Seigeaut Joseph who managed—six points being conceded him by the men who started from scratch—to score 52 points altogether. Privates Carpenter and Woolly came next with 51 and 50 respectively to their credit.— Sendigo Advertiser. M URDFROOS ASSAULT BY A CHIKAMAS.—Jjist Uigur, about eight o'clock, a murderous assault was committed by a Chinaman on one of his fellow-countrymen, the result of which has, in all likelihood, proved fatal ere this. The circumstances of the assautt, as they were learned by the police, are these:—CouBtable Clark was was returningfrom Sandhurst to Oolden-square, when he found a Chinaman lying ou the pathway in High-street—nearly opposite Lily- street —bleeding profusely from wounds in the throat; the spot he was lying on was covered with the blood, which had also saturated the man's Clothes. The constable procured a cab, conveyed the man to the hospital, and seeing that the case was likely to prove fatal, Mr M'Lachlan, the police magistrate, was sent for and attended at the wounded mau's bedside and took his depositions, with the assistance of the interpreter. According to the evidence of the man— who is ;uamed Lum Gee Kew, a barber, residing in the Ironbark Encampment—it appeared that about eight o'clock, he was returning aloug High street, towards Sandhurst^ when be met another Chinaman, named Cheug Ah Wing, with whom—as he stated—he had had a quarrel previously. When they met they had a few angry words, when Cheug Ah Wing Buddeuly seised him by-the tail and, pulling his head back, inflicted two desperate cuts in his throat with a .razor which he had in MB hand, from the effects of which he fell on the ground, From a description which the man gave of his assailant, Sergeant Drought aud Detective Lomax proceeded to the lroubark Encampment and succeeded, after Boine difficulty iu arresting tbe man in a Cluuese lottery shop. He was at once taken to the hospital, where he was immediately identified andsworn to by lium Gee Kew as the man who had assaulted him. Dr Macgillivray, the resident surgeon of the hospital) ascertained that the windpipe and carodit artery were completely severed by the weapon of the prisoner, had, in his opinion, it is impossible for the man to recover. The prisoner who did not appear to be greatly concerned at .his position, was conveyed to the lock-up late last night—Bendigo Advertiser. Individual BUhts in Spun.—General Vegs, a very popular officer iu the Army, has had his honse searched' as well as all his papers. He was supposed to be intriguing in favor of Dunna Isabel IL, but nothing whatever has been found that can in any way commit him. He aud two or three other general ofheers have been ordered to the Canary Islands. This attack on " individual rights" is contrasted with the lenity with which Gkiveniment treats the social abuses daily committed iu the southern provinces of Spain. Rumored Coalition Treaty.—It is confidently affirmed at Rome that a formal treaty is concluded between France, Austria, aud Italy, by which France, in case of war, will be supported by Italy with a contingent of 50,000 men, while Italy will also occupy the provence of Viterbo. On tbe other hand, it is Btated, in official circles, that Prussia has promised the Pope 12,000 men, in the event of his abandonment by France But, in spite of these statements, the authorities seem to le assured of French support, as workmen are now engaged in demolishing the last of the barricades raised against the Garibaldians. Fatal Panic in a Cathedral. —A religious festival was being celebrated in the cathedral at Trani, and a large ornament of wood, covered with gauze and lighted with thousands of tapers, had been erected in tbe centre of the nave. In the middle of the service the drapery caught fire, and tbe fiamsB monnted ina moment to the top of the structure. Many persons stood calmly looking on, while others were quiedy leaving the building, when a cry of " The roof is frilling in!" was raised by some unknown voice. A general rush to the doors was then made, and in the confusion, a number of men, women, and children were thrown down and .trampled on. When order was restored, sixteen dead persons were found on the ground, with a great number of persons seriously injured. The fire, which had been the first cause of this calamity, was eventually got nnder. Shocking death of a nobleman at Florence.'— News was received in London on July 21 of a trightful accident on the fashionable promenade of the Cascine. A number of carriages were drawn up on the open space known as tbe Piazzone, a favourite rendezvous, in which gentlemen are accustomed to proceed from one equipage to another, chatting with.their friends or presenting their compliments to ladies of their acquaintance. The Marquis Alessandro Co vino was standing at the door of the Countess Gherardi's landau, when the horses ot another vehicle taking fright started oi£ snd before the marquis could get oat of the way, knocked him down and so fearfully injured him with their hoofs that he expired a few minutes after. The deceased was 40 years of age, snd tbe possessor of a handsome fortune. A Duel between Two Nuns.—A duel has taken place in the neighborhood of Genoa between two nuns. The combatants exchanged pistol shots, but no blood was shed. One of the German papers observes, in bad taste, that it is a pity this expedient did not occur to Miss Saurin aud Mrs Starr, as it would have saved much vnl cable rime. The Rising Generation in Naples. — The Neapolitan papers of July 24 report a fearful riot, caused by the students uf the Accademia. TheBe promising yonths, who were bong examined in Greek; considered the theme too difficult, and they immediately attacked the examiner with revolvers, wounded him severely and then broke all the altar furniture (tbe examination was held in in the Charch of St Sebastian), and beat two poor students because they wore raman collars. They then weut to the University and broke the iron gates, and did the same at the Lyceum 1 So much for the the hope of Italy. The Deputy Mania has been committed for trial for attempt to murder with aggravating circumstances. His conviction depends on the color of the jury. Death of the King of the Ragpickers.—The king of tbe chiffoniers of Paris has just expired. The deceased, who was called P6re Epingle, was followed to the grave by more than 1,200 of his subjects, tad three speeches were pronounced over his tomb.. .Whence he came or who he was no one knows. Under his bolster was found a packet of papers with this inscrip^ tion i—" To be burnt after my death." Round hiB heck he wore the'immature of Rachel^ the actress, and often when one'of the inhabitants of the lle deB Singes waB in distress, the monarch would disappear for some hours, and always brought back money. He was veritably king of hls qtlarter, and his people adored him. He - signed their agreements,' regulated their differences, and judged thBir offences. Every fhief was immediately expelled,' and for ever; that circumstance, however, occurring butrarely. He 'was something of a doctor, and himself iniied the medecmes, which he distributed gratuitously. He was a lover of. books, which he lent freely, and of an evening the taught the j&ildren;:to iea& _ . . . . \- Exporting living Plants,—The. Japanese, jn exporting living plants, wrap die roots in a mixture of iearth wid carrots ground together. ^ Anothar Statne to Mr Peabody.—Tlie Pope ja about lo imitate the citizens of Loudon in 'erecting* sta≠ to Mr Peabody. During Mr Peabody's visit to Homo he left with His Holin«as^20,000%r purpoBes otcharity, ' 