NEWS AND NOTES, The sentenco of Mr Pliillip Davies, in the case of the Queen v Davies, has caused some surprise and a good deal of comment. The general opinion seems to be that he is a victim to the neglect of our law-makers, who have allowed the question of mining on private pro perty to remain so long unsettled, notwithstanding the many demands which have been made for legislation on the subject. The chairman of the Mining Board has called a public meeting, to be held in the Alfred Hall on Friday evening, " to urge upon the Government the immediate settlement of the question of mining on private property;" but our legislators seem neither to have time nor inclination to attend to the wants of the mining community. A second meeting of ironworkers and carriage builders was held at the |Edinburgh Castle hotel, on Tuesday night, Mr B. M. Serjeant in the chair. The meeting was held to consider the question of giving colonial contractors an opportunity of tendering with English and foreign contractors for the simply of railway plant ordered by the Government, through the agent-general, Mr Verdon, for the proposed new lines of railway; Mr Serjeant stated that since the last meetiug on the same subject, Mr Rolfe,M.L.A.,liad Spoken on the matter from his seat in the Assembly, and the Minister of Railways, Mr Longmore, had promised to do all iu hisi power to meet the wishes the colonial manufacturers, if they would let him know exactly what they wanted. He had therefore taken upon himself to c≪ a meeting, and now advised those present to form a committee and lay their wishes in the matter before Government, in a proper form. On the motion of Mr Brown, seconded by Mr M'Cartney, it was resolved—" That the gentlemen present form themselves into a committee, and that Mr Fisher be appointed honorary secretary, to carry out the recom mendations of the chairman, and take such further steps as may be deemed necessary to secure compe tition in the colony for the manufacture of our rail way plant." Mr Walker moved, and Mr Laird seconded—" That a memorial be drawn up and signed by the ironworkers And carriage-builders, employers and operatives, praying the Government to invite ten ders in the colony for the railway plant required, in quantities to suit contractors, and to accept delivery of such plant at any station on the Government lines most suitable to contractors." The motion was carried. Mr Fisher received directions to have the memorial prepared, and to communicate with those in the trade at Melbourne, Geelong, Sandhurst, and Castlemaine, with a view to getting them to co-operate. The meet ing closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. The adjourned special meeting of the Water-Supply Committee, called for last evening, lapsed for want of a quorum, three out of the required five from the Eastern Council being absent. A small shop and Louse in the Main, road liad a narrow escape from being destroyed by fire yesterday afternoon. By some accident a piece of an unfinished dress caught fire and the flames had just ignited the lining of the walls when some neighbors rushed in and prevented the fire from spreading further. The shop is occupied by several dressmakers. Says the Clunes Guardian;—" Some brickmakers employed on the farm of Mr Hussey, Mount Prospect, while pursuing their occupation, on Friday last, saw gold in one of the bricks thus made, which induced them to try half a bucket of dirt IS inches below the surface; the result was a \ dwt of coarse gold." A lecture will be delivered this evening in the Start street Independent Church, by Sir liobt. Smith, of Melbourne. Subject:—" Narrative of a tour in Palestine." The mayors and ex-mayors of Ballarat and Ballarat East, the chairman and ex- chairman of the Bungaree lloacl Board, and the chairman of the Mining Board, have called a meeting, to be held in one of the rooms of the Alfred Hall on Friday, to consider the best means of forming a company to sink a shaft about 1000 feet deep, in order to test our quartz lodes at that depth. The question is one which has long been discussed, and there appears to be now some prospect of practical action being taken. Says the Argus:—"A determined effort was made on Tuesday night, in the Legislative Assembly, by the party whose interest it is to prevent any enquiry into the manner in which the Lands Department has been worked, to negative the resolution arrived at on Thursday last for the appointment of a Royal Com mission. In reply to a request by Mr Grant, the Chief Secretary promised before the commission was appointed to lay on the table the names of the mem bers, together with the instructions showing the scope of their enquiry. This, however, was not enough for Mr Frazer and his friends. They are so terrified at the prospect of a thorough and impartial investigation that they convulsively clutch at anything and every thing which promises a respite. Accordin<»lv. unon the motion for goiug into supply, the shameful sight was witnessed of the business of the Legislature being stopped by a Frazor assisted by a Crews—a (it associa tion of names. The former moved, and the latter seconded, an amendment to the effect that the infor mation asked for, and promised to Mr Grant, should be laid on the table of the House before any commis sion was appointed, and that the resolution passed upon the preceding Thursday, for the appointment of a commission, be rescinded. The Speaker ruled the latter portion of the amendment, rela tive to the rescinding of the previous reso- I lution, out of order, but the other portion was persisted in, Mr Vale particularly distin guishing himself by his personal and insulting insinua tions against lion, members opposed to him. Mi Fellows, in a trenchant speech, pointed out the suici dal course which the House was asked to adopt. After voting for the appointment of a Koyal Commis sion, lion, member^ were requested to acknowledge they were afraid of the investigation, and wished to avoid it. If lion, members were not afraid of the en quiry, he adjured them to show the same by their vctes. During an acrimonious discussion, the Go vernment were taunted with existing only on suffe rance, and. the Chief Secretary at once rose to the occasion. Flinging down the gauntlet, ho acknow ledged that the Government existed upon the suffe rance of their own supporters, but said they would scorn to do so upon the sufferance of the Opposition, Mid challenged them to the test. The announcement was greeted with loud cheers. Shortly afterwards, Mr Francis attempted to create a diversion by moving the adjournment of the debate. The effort was, however, ineffectual, and the motion having been negatived by a majority of 33 to 30, the amendment of Mr Frazer was also rejected by a majority of 32 to 30. If the Ministry are wise, they will now at once appoint the commission, and save any further waste of time." An explosion of gunpowder took place on Wednes day afternoon in the store- house on the claim of the Sovereign Quartz Company. The explosion seems to be unexplained, and it is fortunate that 110 injury was done to life, limb, or machinery. The store-house and most of its contents were partially destroyed, the damage being estimated at £10 or ,t'50. Some nails said to have been blown out of a keg in the house have been exhibited to us, showing by their bent form the force of the explosion. The mine operations, we are informed, were not delayed more than a few minutes. The Smeaton Plains rural-storo fiction has found a champion in the Creswick A dverliscv, which lays down the law in a veiy positive fashion, without, clearly, having read it. Wo are referred to the 27th sec tion of the Laud Act of 1865, which, it is said, legalises all that is asked. The section, however, only confers the right of exclusive purchase " during six months next after the passing of this act." We re commend the advocate of the rural-store folks to try again. Were it necessary, we could show that they utterly failed to make out a case, but one conclusive reason is enough. As wo said, an attempt is being made to set the law aside, in the hope that Mr M'Kean would be as lax as Mr Grant. With the view of rendering the Christmas festivities as beneficial as possible to two of our principal charit able institutions—the hospital and the Orphan Asylum-—it has been determined to wind up the Boxing-day amusements for this object with a grand concert in the Alfred Hall; and in order that the entertainment may be crowned with that complete success which can hardly be expected without the presentation of novelty, Mr W. II. Watson, as repre senting the Fete Committee, has secured the valuable assistance of Miss Amelia Bailey and Miss Florence Calzudo, the two vocalists who after so successful a tour almost round the globe have recently returned to Australia. At an influential meeting, held at the Stock Ex change hotel, liisfc evening, it was resolved to form a Ballarat and Western District Kent and Debt Collect ing and Trade Protection Association. Trustees and a committee were formed, and Mr H. W. Ford appointed secretary. It now rests with the tradesmen of Ballarat to support the association if they think fit. The names of the trustees, which we are not at liberty to publish, are sufficient guarantee for the stability of the association. The temporary office is in Eldon Chambers. In a paragraph in Wedncsday'slissuc touching upon Professor M'Coy's opinion unfavorable to the idea that the Leviathan Company's supposed " prehistoric hatchet" was the work of human handB, we wrote that " Mr M'Coy might have made himself a great deal more intelligible by stating that the object bore a remarkable resemblance to a hatchet with a curvcd handle." By a typographical inaccuracy our meaning was lost by the word being given as carvcd. A meeting of master-plasterers was held at the Camp hotel ou "Wednesday evening. The meeting having received a deputation from the operative plas terers, it was decided to observe the Melbourne 'practice with regard to lathing, but that the men engage that they work eight hours only. At a late hour the meeting was again waited on by the deputa tion to say the men would not accede, but would rather fight it out inch by inch. A battalion parade of the Volunteer Rangers was held last evening, and the corps was inspected by Lieutenant-Colonel liede. There were about 150 men present formed into a battalion of four companies, and put through a series of battalion movements some what new as yet to them. When the usual drill of about au hour and a half had been completed, Lieutenant-Colonel Rede formed the men into close column, and addressed them, expressing his satisfac tion at the manner in which the new movements had been executed, and telling them that it was his inten tion to have a church parade soon, at which he would instruct them as to trooping of colors, which they have not yet been drilled in. The election of a dispenser for the district hospital last evening caused the production of some very curious testimonials. One of these, which caused a good deal of amusement, praised up ■ the holder.of it for morals, religion, fh!eddrri from the lisuai precocity of childhood, and relationship to a grandfather in whose churchj when the applicant w<la but an infant, the writer had worshipped. Another, after Btating the good qualities of a second applicant, ndrrated for the edification of the coniiiiittee the fact that he had _ lived with the writer when he aud his children were " motherless and wireless." Mr Longmore was elected 'out tif a dozen applicants. The Herald says:—" Candidates are beginning to come to the front. Mr Nimmo, it is said, intends contesting Emerald Hill with Mr Whiteman. North and South Gipps Land are longingly eyed by gentle men who have not yet taken part in politics. Morn ington is threatened, and Sandridge is reckoned sure by a gentleman who failed to win there last time;" A lettel- from members of the No. 1 corps, B.V.R.R., has been addressed to Captain Smith, requesting him to call the attention of the colonel-commandant to the ill-feeling now being caused by the formation of an other band. The letter points out that this new band makes the old one a burden on the corps, causes much ill-feeling, and that the number of bandsmen is pre posterously large in proportion to the number of effective members of the corps. The letter also refers to the new band playing in the Botauicai Gardens on Sunday, aud states that much sectarian feeling has been caused thereby. The letter has already received . the signatures o£ between thirty and forty members o£ the corp3. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Bungaree Road District Board was not held yesterday, in conse quence of the members and officers liaVing to attend the polioe-oourt-. The appeal of the Water-Supply Committee against the rating of its property in Bungaree district, by the road board, will be held on Friday next in the Eastern Police-court. The case was called on Wednesday but postponed by the advice of counsel on both sides, as the police magistrate was not present, and as Mi Eastwood, who was on the bench, was one of the appellants. Last night's sitting of the Legislative Assembly (says Wednesday's Argus) was one of the noisest and most disreputable that have ever taken place. An noyed and irritated at their failure to obtain a rever sion of the decision recommending the appointment of a lioyal Commission to enquire into the administration of the Lands Department, and also at their defeat over Mr Higinbotham's resolution on the education question, the Opposition, with all the virulence of faction, opposed the consideration of the Estimates, and indulged iu personal reflections upon members sitting upon the ministerial benches of the most un warrantable and insulting description. Prominent amongst the most prominent of those who thus distin guished themselves was Mr E. Cope, who appeared to have arrived at the resolution to make himself person ally most obnoxious to every member opposed to liim. To such a length did he pursue this conduct that Mr Whitemau, usually one of the quietest members of the House, ejaculated in the midst of a sentence in which Mr Cope stated that he assumed a certain position— the words "of a bully." This provoked an explosion from the hon. member, Mr Cope, who appeared to think that the prerogative to bully was his alone. He threatened personal violence—" a Sydney scene"—and almost everything opposed to the common decencies of Parliamentary debate. With a strong desire to pre serve propriety, Mr Whiteman withdrew his remark, but Mr Cope still persisted in his obstructive and in sulting conduct, until at length Mi- Fellows called attention to the fact that strangers were present, and the gallery was cleared. Ultimately the vote for the Government Printing-office, on which this unusual j scene had taken place, was passed, together with that for the Postmaster-General's department; and the House, at ten minutes to three o'clock this morning adjourned. Our Carngham correspondent writes:—" The stone implement which I mentioned some time ago us having been found by Mr Watson, of Snake Valley, and presented to Mr John Lynch, district mining surveyor, was forwarded by that gentleman to the Mining Department; and from a letter which Mr Watson has received from Mr Lynch on the subject, it seems that the curiosity in question is regarded as a highly interesting relic. The little implement is considered to be formed of greenstone, and is believed to be very ancient. When the stono was cleaned, crystals of hornblende were plainly visible in it. So far as good judges al-e at present aware, there is no resemblance between it and any implement used by the Victorian blackfellows in modern times; but it closely resembles the stone chisel of the aborigines of Central Australia. Mr R. B. Smyth has, it seems, intimated his intention of having the implement figured in his forthcoming work on the Australian aborigines." Just after dinner on Sunday afternoon Mr Stevens, of Harcourt, was startled with the cry that his stacks were on fire. Hushing instantly from the house, he saw that the alarm had been but truly given, and felt his powerlessness to arrest, t.lio ILimes. H<nv the catastrophe occurred became the next subject of spe culation, and enquiries, so far as they have been pro secuted, lead to the belief that some ill-disposed per son deliberately perpetrated an act of incendiarism. Says the M. A. Mail:—"That he may not pass un punished a reward of £20 is offered for his discovery, and it is to be hoped that those living in the neigh borhood will exert themselves to procure information that may lead to the punishment of the guilty one, whose malice has destroyed £200 worth of property." A Hobarfc Town telegram of Tuesday says:—Another salmon srnolt was caught last night by Ikin, the fisherman, at Cox's Beach. It measured 12 inches long by G inches in girth, and looks a splendid fish. It has been placed in the Museum, where numbers of citizens have been inspecting it to-day. Says the Arrjus:—"The Minister of Mines has de cided, on the first case brought under his notice, that licenses to search for ' other minerals than gold' can not be granted in cases whore the land has been already occupied under the 42nd section .of the Land Act. So much land has been alienated under that section, either temporarily or permanently, that the question just decided by Mr J. T. Smith becomes one of considerable importance to miners. If the selector who takes up his land for purposes purely agricultural also receives the exclusive right to search the land for coal, copper, silver, lead, antimony, or any other mine ral save gold, a very large area of laud will be closed to the miner in a manner never contemplated by Par liament, nor indeed by the Minister of Lands wlio gave vitality to the -12nd clause. There is some slight opening for the miners in the fact, that the regulations framed under the Land Aet permit him to enter on land so selected, and mine for any of the minerals already named, he paying to the tenant of the surface such damages as the warden may assess when appealed to. In such a case, however, it is obvious that the miner, before he commences his operations, must have satisfied himself by some other process than actual search that the laud contains the mineral of which he is in search—a fact which practically gives to the de cision of the Minister of Mines the ell'ect of closing all lands held under the 42nd section of the act of 1SC2 to the miners whose object is to search for the less precious metals or for other minerals." "We (Argus) understand that the Royal Commission to enquire into the working o£ the Lands Department will consist o£ Messrs Michie and Holroyd. barristers at-law, and of Mr Sumner, of the firm of Grice, Sum ner, and Co. A murderous assault, which may terminate fatally, was committed on Tuesday by one of the divers named John Blake, working at the wreck of the Victoria Tower, Bream Creek, upon Mr A. Harris, master of the schooner Margaret Chessell, which vessel was taking cargo from the wreck. It appears Harris and the diver had a quarrel in which high words ensued. About two hours afterwards, when the men working there thought tho occurrence had been forgotten, Blake suddenly struck Harris on the head with a heavy iron crowbar, causing, it is feared, fracture of the skull. Harris was also struck on the back with tho same dangerous weapon. The sufferer was brought to the Geelong hospital, where he now lies in great danger, he having vomited blood and shown those nervous twitchings of the eye denoting injury to the brain. Our Stockyard Hill correspondent thus writes on 13th December:—" Since I wrote last the weather has been all that could be desired for the benefit of the crops, allowing the grain plenty of time to form and fill. I don't think I ever saw a more rapid change for the better in those late crops which many of the farmers had given up all hopes of ever seeing a return from; but now there is every prospect of a fair return through the fine open weather we have had. Hay making now is pretty general throughout. In many cases the hay is being cut down with the machine and bound in sheafs: Men appear not over plentiful, but as a general rule the main body of hauds is not wanted until Christmas is over. Up to this date there is only a few that has started, and that is where the crops are early. According to appearances I think it will be about ten days before there will be anything like a general harvest." Says Wednesday s Telegraph:—"In the absence of Mr M'Cullocli, Mr Vale leads Iier Majesty's Opposi tion. The lion, member assumes to use the " we," sacred as a rule to editors and kings, and directs his rank and file when divisions shall be taken aud when they shall not. "We cannot congratulate the Opposi tion on the change. Moreover, they look miserable under it themselves, so as to countenance the suppo sition that Mr Vale lias not been elevated by due election, but has grasped greatness. In that case, we trust, for the sake of Hon. members, he will be speedily deposed from liis pride of place. ~Very harsh measures will have to be adopted, for Mr Vale is a psychological study in his total obliviousness to his own failings. No one lias yet been able to hold the mirror up to liim, and we doubt whether anybody ever will. He failed to understand even the shout of laughter which greeted him last night when he complained to Mr Speaker that lie iras ctdrged with using insulting language to another member; Truth was stranger to his ears tlxati fiction. The lion, member will not of course believe us, but his constituents may feel inte rested in learning that he had gone from bad to worse, and now nightly shocks an Assembly not very easily i shocked by either personalities Or venom: Sir White man's description of the hon. members oratory, re corded in our report, is very course, but it is very true. The stump from which the hon. member for Collingwood speaks was always near the mud. It is fast sinking beneath it." The debate on Tuesday night (remarks the Tele graph) was distinguished by the pergonal violence of the attacks made lay tlie Opposition iipon tlie Govern ment. These assaults were however warmly resented. " Why don't you j>roposo a vote of want of confi dence ?" was the answer made to the repeated taunts of the Opposition, tlirtt tho Government was existing on sufferance. To judge from the reception given to Mr Frazer's motion in the Assembly, it will be admitted that to submit a vote of want of confidence is one things and to carry it another. The division was a heavy blow and a sore discouragement to the Opposition. At last MrHiginbotham's inopportuneresolutionrela tive to the education vote has been disposed of. Says Wed nesday's A rgas:—"After the House went intojeom mitteeof supply last evening, the hon. member forBrigh ton,witkaviewoi eliciting the opinion of the committee as to whether a detailed estimate of the expenditure of the Board of Education should be brought down, so that the committee might determine whether aid should, or should not, be granted to non-vested schools, moved that the chairman do report progress. After a desultory and purposeless discussion the mo tion was negatived by a majority of 24 to 17, and a further attempt to delay the proceedings of the com mittee having met with a like fate, the vote was agreed to." Tuesday night's Bcndigo Eccning 'News is respon sible for the following:—"There is every probability, we leam from good authority, of there being a vacancy shortly in the representation of Mandurang, in conse quence of the resignation of one of the present mem bers, owing to ill-health. Unless the Hon. Mr Sulli van's health be much improved shortly from what it has been for some time, we regret to hear that he will be obliged shortly to retire from parliamentary life, at least for some time." A Horsham correspondent of the Pleasant CrecJi Ncks writes as follows:—Some vagabond has set on fire the ' breaks' on the Longerenong and Irrewarra boundary; then proceeded on towards Ledcourt bridge, and set on fire the ' break' on the Ledcourt and Irrewarra boundary; and finally, to wind up his rascally day's work, ignited the ' break' on the New ington and Ledcourt boundary. I am sure the parties interested would give a large reward if the miscreant could be brought to account. On my way down here I passed a Chinaman witli a cartload of cabbages and other garden produce. He is selling six cabbages for one shilling; that is reasonable enough." A Hobart Town telegram of Monday says:—" Last night, Douglas, the 'evangelist,' preached in the Town-hall, which was crowded. Afterwards he held a protracted prayer meeting, -which lasted till twenty minutes past eleven. The preacher took offence at some young men, and denounced them, invoking the curse of the Deity upon them. Confusion arose on the platform, and there lia3 been much excitement about the incident in the city to-day." A supplement to the Gazette states that the Su preme Court will, on 16th December, at 10 o'clock iu the forenoon, and on Friday, the 2-lth December, at 12 o'clock noon, hold sittings in ianco, for the purpose of delivering judgments only. During the discussion on the Estimates on Tuesday evening, in the course of which Mr E. Cope charged the members of the present Government and their supporters with being renegades to their previous opinions, considerable amusement (remarks the Argus) was created by Mr M'Kean retorting by a statement that the hon. member (Mr Cope), who spoke in such indignant terms of the present Ministry, had been one of 22 hon. members who had on one occasion as sembled at liis house for the purpose of devising means to oust the M'Cullocli Government, and with him were, as could be proved by several hon. members, the lion, member for North Melbourno (Mr Burtt) and the hon. members for Ararat (Mr Wilson). Mr Burtt's indignant repudiation of the charge served to relieve the prosy and monotonous character of the debate which had been imparted to it by Mr Cope in his efforts to resist the progress of the business. His remarks were received with roars of laughter, but he admitted that he did attend a caucus at Mr M'Kean's residence, although he attempted to assert that he had no views hostile to the M'Cullocli Administration. Mr R. Wilcox, of Melbourne, has invented a method of firing large guns under water. A trial is proposed to be made of the invention, which has not yet got further than a wooden model. The apparatus appears to be ingenious, but whether practically useful remains to be proved. "Hamlet" was repeated at the Theatre Royal last night, and Herr Bandmann's second impersonation confirms our impressions of his power, originality, and general naturalness as an actor, and of the occasional grotesqueness, amounting almost sometimes to un coutliness, of his elocution. The few slips in the text at which we hinted yesterday were corrected last night. Mr Milne as Polonious, however, adhered to a blunder ho made on the Grst night in substituting " then " for " and " in the line— And it must follow as tlia night the day —a small slip, but one that should not bo repeated in so well-known a speech. Miss Evans' Ophelia charmed lis again by its natural grace and womanliness. The ghost-scene was admirably managed last night, the light falling very effectively on the Ghost, and the vanishing of the apparition being a fine illusion. We arc glad to note' the presence of another Herr in the theatre again, to wit, Herr Herndorf, of the double bass, on his return from Europe. And we should compliment the or chestra for its good music generally this week, and notably for the overture from Semiramide, so stupidly interrupted 011 the first night of " Hamlet," by some idiots in the gallery. This evening Uulwcr's " Lady of Lyons" is to be produced with Herr Bandmann as Claude, and Miss Evans as Pauline. It will be seen by advertisement that on Monday next, at the Mechanics' Institute, Miss Easdown and Messrs Lascelles and O'Neil will give their first con cert of miscellaneous music. 