• MELBOURNE ITEMS. r Tuesday,'2nd MaVch: (FROM a-coaRLSPowbekt.) \--• Mr M'Cutloch^s .flnancJal statement : is pronounced clear, ebmprehensive, and satisfactory;>s' : Arell"as -conclusive, both as regards the healthy'cnndiiitin of thccountryandtheabauraruminatingsofMrI,angton Oppositionists, bplh.in »nd out of Vs.rliatnent,"i»Vtli^; pfcrhaps, a'sii.g'e exception received ' the ' bud»e" speeeli witli singular satisfaction; ' - teven the formet adviser* of Mr Langton now cliecrfully Confess tliar bi< calculations must, have been - careless/ sWenlyt •nd nn<ki:{uL I Wink it is a mistake to chnrge him, wiih Q ther the jupjpussto ver> or auggeitio falsi. but it is now pretty apparent to the fc worli, L ns those wiio belt know liim hare long known that lie is no financier. .Foucsing fefr of the attributes ofti statesman, aiid.jriany, qualities; lhat absolutely unfit' him ; for party political science at all, he managed to get at the head of a powerful interest only to niisiiiahage and misdirect its. aftiirs, to lavish its funds ju reokless and uieless expenditure, and brin? contempt on those that shared his political fortunes. It requires snmeilii:ig more than MrLingt-iii's intellect, training, and experience. to m .ke n successful finaueior. Mir M'Culloci's experience iii the flrru'of D-ni.stoun Brotl-ers^fitted liim ^or'the task. Mr Verdon'had koine commercial experience,-and: was master .of. n soundjaiid liiccly"balanced intellect. Besides, lie liad a gpo'd-luipwledge of figures, and was careful patient, and. persevering.--'-The late Mr .Ebden wi>s not by iny nieans in his early days an ihdilferent niatliematioian. ;The . honorable John O'Shinassy. ii in his own wa/ a rrgdlar Culenso at fgursi 'and -fl-.tance, and hat got a mind capable ot mastering coluinnsuf X sl'd.with ease and'accuracy. Hut' wliitt could have lieeti .expected of. Mr Irtnjtton ? Ilii iittlti'kniiwledge of'-figures—" Aiittle"learning is a dangerous thmx",T-nnd I tell you that it J is vyry little—lias ruinfd whatever slired of a reputation'he has had, and whatever cliano,^ lie Iwd of niakiiig one; It U7unfortunale. that Mr Langton ever--made'his financial Vunder iti "mona -'aspects than bne; -To with, the t»untry,'and'iAe¥arliameiit are posed to lie satisfied wjtli Mr M'Unllocli because there is no deficiencyi andliccaasehe lias won.a very easytriumph. \- His policy willgo ail but jinqupstioned by Parliament, and his prowess will frighten limi l. but clever, men "into Ciibkhisslon, whether' he" is right or wrong. : Few::willJiave tlie intrepidity to inquire what he has to show the country for tlie fifteen or six-, teenmilliotl'ipounds-sterlinghe-tind-hitpreientand late colleagues have managed-to spenJ duriivjf the last five or six years. Fe» will have the-boldness to ask liim-why it-hBS-treen-necessary for liim, without assisted immigration, to eat up the . land revenue hitherto derivable'frbmlhe sales bf country lands, so as to make it "absolutely necessaryfor ministries in future years to, have recourse to direct taxation for funds tbgbvern -the country, atill 'fewerwill tliey.be who will demand what lie and they have done for the seventy thousand pounds worth uf salaries they have received that the permanent. non-political heads pf the departnieiits cjula not have done without them. IV here is tlie seventy thousand -poanda^wbrth of legislation? And what,is there pf,anyihiugsubstantial to show for the flfteen millions sterling. Ic must be born©-in -mind -that previous administrations -had must extensive public works'tbe'rect nii'd maintaifi'. Mr M'Culloch and liis colleagues iiave htad nothiug of theVuul.yetwhere havtthe fifteen millions.got tbf For it -contended jtfut; the civil service, p istal subsidy, piece of a gaol," scraps for iiiaiq road>,aad siips for industries, with a sj>riuklin2 of imm.igrAtiun^ acid a coutolidaiion of ^Ue statutes, swalioired that large iieru :upv;. There .ioust-liave beeq gross extravagance ebmewhere, and wint 'of eeqnomyjeyery.wlicre.-combinedwith a slorenly-layish: aUround. Well, iet.us hope for twttsr tilings, and, let us hope also, that tliere <vrill 4>e oneor two, or at the outside. tbreeor four out of-the next flew Parliament that will'-know.. so'methiqjg of.^figures and finance, , ',, . , ( rr ' We Itave had a littU acene ietween -Mr Aspinall and Mr Blair. Of course-it -arose of nothing, and qf conrae b jtli-we're'eloquently.Abusive because ^th knew how to ba -so, but .itiwjohld not liayejbeen tolerated undsrthe chairmanship J-alor, and' ire are not likely to have ^ recurrence bnt under the cluiitinansliip of -Mr.Suiy th/for Jf tjsfoleratfs it, the public aud press wou't, and what is njori they" lutve autd so. --••'••f.'-' u : Idoiibt thinkl jrouldibe &uch; ;out*ide;tta;uu)rk-; were I to tell you we are^going to hare a couple ot kniglfts raanufacturiid, and that ilr M'Culloch is to finddheiawinateHal fpr.m^kiugon^. jUeisoaeofj tlie few men in the colony I iiave reTer'spoken to nor^ted^peppprimer^rith, |but Ifan imagine that L know a less «6cial sn'd by_a Verylbng cTi«dk' a J ihtjch': inure , selfish <and- niggardly knight thau^fame Al-CuUich would make.) "W(e w^ SM in a 'feW r ' dtfy - hence. .. .. tiv.-j 1 The- Aiexander and Jones -case is goiog-to- trialand each hjis retained.a forUiidable ftring oj'counr •el.. I do not tl^nk tjiat the jup' wijl agree, but I iiuagiue tliat so^ar^a^eftict ts^iSTncerned it will bstarawdJbatfle.' /twill be, yon^U flp4( |i, the inedical officer of the Geelong Hospital, Wliioli je beiBg.ttjediy, UU^HonorSlic Cliief J ustice. It «qt. teMK^U A j i ' S ^ i f f l .'fiifiiHalint.' " " so.- ..-iuvinvWWM!, ;1£S t iys tliat ^liosc Invited trattftrKll^Wr;tickets s this however was not the ca«e—the maniplatlon to*k place before tbeissue. Thepeit. a&tic; philosopher of the yluitralanaii says lie remained outside with the eight v memt-ersbf the Union Club that Ulsfckballrd the mayo'r. tut adds thar the hall wa» .excellent.—So it wa«i first rate, and I jlu not knn»jr wliy|lraptr->* sistants and Jew nioney-lenderii^houM tiot help to %ll 4ipti bal;room.*sg» ell asiVtlier.peop'.e^-s T.allciiig of balls reminds me that there will be a-graatJnacy dress ball,«n-Friday night jiext, inaid. bf tfie feuiloraj iIome.\ • • , g i" !/",' ? JjT-heJlukelastnight yisitf.l the Dukeiof Edingliurgh - 1 Theatre, and will to-night dine at TooralC where lie ^will- nreet-tiic-ntetubers of bithbranchrt-of-tlie-tegislature. The Victoria Agricultural S icie'y's Show will be held «n the 18th, at lleidleberg. I presume the -Secretrtfyr-ifr^V-ingrove Jias-forwarJed you infur-^ niation thereof,, if„- - • rn • ;-'f:. fi'he f.irtlvchtr.init^Gcelong Haces.-on -the 4th and iiliThStam-prirnilBPTO-be-well 7>ttend-d.-The-iJuke- | K-ill:«ttend,jit js.said,.on both days;-_ : illis Excellency,tlie vJovernor is^xpected to come ^ibwn to the Housa to-day, to give his assoht to the 1 feiipply Bill. friiere isa wliolchost o' candidates in waiting for, •Soutti Gipps Land, nin'ongst w'libni is Mr H. D. Ire-" fwfid. It is saiil that Mr Al'Culloch holds the resignation of thesitiiitg.niei.nber.;. , : :.::„ _is Unral Higlmtss the-£>uke of Edinhure 1 ' uraed-tb;\owii from Darwon I'ark xyt Saturday afternoon.^ niter enjoying capital sport, 15i»0 rabbits, iiiid a few pheasants*. liaresrAiill" quail having fallen jo thelieven guns ot the Uoyal; party. On ^Sunday llie Duke weni to VViUiaiintowu b^ sj)e<-ial train,and attendeil divine serviee on' board his sliip. Teturnihfe i •id town.-lit the evening.- ON ;-Slonday -niliht lliS "itbyal lliglin™>' : viSited: T tlie,' Duke' of lidinburgli Tlii-atrej and tlie Mrgut reports that he gave a "flower giri a sovereign for-ii bo'uquetV- Ijist night-was devoted to a dinner -party at Toorak. where the i)uke had the honor of diuini; with the members of 'the Victorian Legislature- ..To morrow.and JFriday he wilt lic preseiu-fit tlieCeelong'ltacbs. Tlife fanby bkll in aid of the Alfred Hospital, will take place on .Eriday night. . .. - .. . >. About a week ago (siiys 'the Evening Star) the Chief Secret ary appeat-ed .before-the Municipal Hevision Court, nnd neither made a pleasant or agreeable appearance there. It appears tliatMr M'.Oullochli'as j household property to the valiie of iROOO at'St Ki|da, atid that the borough valuator in the course of liis" duty called to make the usual inspection* and^vas-so roughly received that he refused to go again. We arc informed tliatMr M'Culloch,,when in the Council had a particular down Upon the valuator, Mr- Wilkinson) and has retaincdjiis animosity ever since. It is actually asserted that the CJliief Secretary threatened -to kick him - out if lie ever entered his premises, and as a consequence Mr Wilkinson declined to go again. The Chief Secretary and Treasurer of Victoria it a great Wail,'and hot to' Ue interfered with like other mortals, and must be allowed to .have a good deal of his own "way. The valuation was made at the rate of 5 per cent on the .value of the property—£400 per annum. Tlie valuator this year put it £270, in the hope that Mr M'Culloch would be satisfied ; but agiinst: this, he appealed, and the case was heard before Mr Finlay, JiiP., -» squatteV anxious not to have bis run cut up.andilr Teu'ipleton, P.M., who is not in a hurry to be dispensed with. Before tlie Court MrM'Culloch was boisterous and popous.and talked like a triion "a-no!ig,the minnows, or, as a bystander putltin, like a master talking to servants. Tbe'appeal.vras aiiowed, the £270 being reduced to £225,or les> thaVi t*o anda lialf on the known valueJof .tiie:property. ' No doubt the ratepayers of St. Kildi.will follow suit, and go in for wholesale reductions. Tlie'Chief Secrtetarv, with the aid and superviilpn of Mr Srllars, saved £50 per annum. After this let iis hear no more'aboui C. 12. Jones and the appleitall.' i We take, the "following amuiing narrative of proposal of marriage to Prince Alfred from ilia Evening Star, prt'hat amount of t-redit is to be given to tlie story must be determined by our readers for themselves:—Although hot leap year, our illustrious visitor hna receivodnpropisnl of marriage from one of V.c.oiii's - augliiers. Yesterd>y, a lemaleof pre: posiasfing appearance called at the metropolitan lihUnt of tiie wealili, fashion, «nd inti.-l!ig-uce of the CO ony, and requested to see. the Prince. She wan shown into the s.rangers' xooni, already occupied by the'•emiiierit'triig di-tii." Thellon. Klliol Yorke was soon in attendance. Quoth the damsel: " Are you the Hon. Elliot Yorke?" Upon an affi-m itive answet being given, «he requested a private interview. A significant hint was given, and the grvat tragedian left' thu 'room with liib measiired tre-id of Hamlet's father's ghost. When alone with - the equerry, the interesting fair one announced in falterinn tones that she wwlied to contract a niatrinaonl.il alliance with the Duke of Edinburgh. The equerry was dumfoundered—cox jaucibtu hoesU — nnd it wa some time before he-could^alter oiit'the polite expression. for the expre«sive vernacular of " the Iiow much." Again the Jady apoke—"I wish to marry the Prince." Mr Yorke. thinking that all was not right, deemed it advisable lo""recal the banished deputy purveyor for Molly's cathforts. He entered with tlie light fantastic trip-of. Benedict.' When he heard the strange request that .had heenmade, his natural astuteness told.him that tiib femnJe was lion compos. His natural: instinct for safety caused liim to cast one hurried glance at the door, but liis duty, and friendship for his exalted friend bade.:him stay. Taking the attitude of Coriolaius; - putting on the chamber scene look of Hamlet; with tho-voice of the Hunchback King, lie exclaimed:. '- Woman, dost thou love him for his mother, or—" The maiden quickly replied, " I loveliim tor himself. Chartred by his preposessing appearance and winning ways I hare given mf iieart wliere I would fain give my : Hand; I must marry,hitn.?' Here spoke the tragedian in -tlie winning .tones of Uomeo:" There arc more sons ofr A lbion quite as fair, aud perhaps more suited for .thy :mate.: .Look on this -' picture.'" <tapping at tlie same time liis maiily breast.) The lady declined to take much iipth.-e.vf the "'picture," mnd told that on the stage lie was all well enough; but he did-not come up to her standard .of manly, beauty. 6lie declined the implied offer of liis liand, staling once tiiore that she could not wed-but with the youthful Prince, v Get tiiee lp a nutineryl" exclaimed the rebuffed centaur in his severest Giles Overreach intonation, and rushed 'forth to seek assistance. The penuasiye eloquence of ElIiot Yorke, who, iio doubt, explained tlwt royal alliances could nnt be contracted without a uumber.,ol tfonnal prvliiniuaries, induced the lady to"depiirtTor the^iipnce'. At alkier jieribdut tlie day, she again presented'herself, loudly demanding tho Prince for her(spouse.'; She was again got rid of, and will, no doubt, soon prefer ber claim before Mr Start in his official capacity; 