OLD TIMES. (BY OLD TOM.) Before bringing my reminiscences to a close, I may surmise that few of the pre- sent generation who have experienced the doubtful advantages of a highly civilised community, can fully entertain the position of an old pioneer colonist in the days when the settlement was in its infancy. Society -in the modern acceptation of the term -there was none. Yet the social gatherings in Bris- bane "in the days of auld lang syne,"are worthy of remembrance. There is one interesting event that took place just twenty-five years since, namely-a dinner, given on August 21, 1841, to the lamented Leichhardt, upon his starting from Brisbane on his first overland journet to the north-west coast. At that spread, which was got up at the old Victoria, Queen-street (since burnt down), the chair was occupied by Evan Mackenzie, of Kilcoy (afterwards the Baronet of that ilk), John M'Connel, of Cresbrook, was croupier. To the right of the chair sat the guest of the evening, John Ludwig Leichhardt. I can well recollect the glowing language used by the chairman when attending to the good doctor's characteristics, and the faith he had in his pluck and energy to carry the expe- pedition to a successful issue; and when the health and success to the adventurous few was given, the cheers echoed through the settlement. The doctor left Brisbane the following day to join his party, who had preceded him to the Downs. The party, at starting, consisted of Mr. P. Hodgson (brother of Arthur of the Vale), Messrs. gilbert, Calvert, Roper, Murphy and Phillips, and a West Indian black named Caleb, who joined the party at Brisbane to act as cook, together with two aborigines, thus making, with the leader of the party, ten all told. Mr. P. Hodgson and the black Caleb subse- quently quitted the party by mutual arrange- ment when they had reached a watershed, which the doctor named Dry Beef Creek, from having slaughtered a bullock at the locality and jerked the carcass for future use. This creek is situated in latitude 25 degs. 34 min., longtitude 150 degs. On the separation of the party the remaining eight pushed for forward into the wilderness, and, after passing through numberless privations and difficulties, succeeded in striking the waters falling into the sea in the neighborhood of Port Essington- not, however, without losing one of the party (Mr Gilbert) from a murderous attack by the blacks, two others of the party being at the same time wounded by the spears of the treacherous savages. Since the termination of that perilous journey, what marvellous changes have taken place in the occupation of the country passed over by these adventurous men. Every step of their route through the Gulf country is now well known to bushmen, and the telegraph wire will probably in the course of another twelve months, flash the intelligence of large finds of valuable nuggets in the gold fields of the Cape River, Gilbert Ranges, and other undiscovered localities to the astonished ears of the slow coaches of this sleepy hollow, misnamed the metropolis of Queensland. If your space will permit it, I should much like to wind-up this exploring yarn by sub- mitting to your readers the annexed lines, written upon the occasion of the return of the intrepid traveller, by E. K. Sylvester, many years on the reporting staff of the Sydney Morn- ning Herald:- STANZAS. Written on the return of L. Leichhardt, Esq., from an expedition through the unexplored regions of Austra- lia between Moreton Bay and Port Essington. Thy footsteps have returned again, thou wanderer of the wild, Where nature from her lonely throne, in giant beauty smiled. Pilgrim of mighty wastes, untrod by human foot before, Triumphant o'er the wilderness, thy weary journey's o'er. Thou has battled with the dangers of the forest and the flood, And amid the silent desert-a conqueror has stood: thou has triumph'd o'er the perils of the mountain and the plain- and a nation's smiling welcome is thy greeting home again ! Long had we mourn'd with sorrowing, and plaintive dirges sung, For fate a wild mysterious veil around thy name had flung- And hope's declining energies, with feeble effort strove, against the boding voice of fear, that haunts the heart of love. And rumor, with her hundred tongues, her vague and blighting breath., Had whispered tidings sad and drear-dark tales of blood and death: Till tortued fancy ceased to hope, and all despairing gave Thy name a hallow'd memory-thy bones a desert grave. But, no! that proud intrepid heart still held its purpose high, Like Atric's martyr traveller-resolved to do or die: Like him, to find a lonely grave in desert sands of flame, Or win a bright eternity of high and glorious fame ! Oft in the silent wilderness, when meaner spirits quail'd, Have thy unfailing energies to cheer and soothe pre- vail'd. For well thy hope-inspiring voice could speak of perils past, And bid each coming one appear less painful than the last. And oft e'en that brave heart of thine has sadden'd to despair, When o'er some wild and lonely scene the moonlight shining fair, Hath bid thy soften'd spirit feel how lonely were thy lot, To die- thy mission unfulfill'd-unknown, unswept forgot And when beside thy comrade's grave, thy stricken heart bow'd down, And wept o'er that glad spirit's wreck its dream of young renown- There was bitterness of soul in the silent prayer that rose, Ere they left him in the desert to his long and lone repose. At length the hour of triumph came, the white man's track appear'd- Visions of bright and holy joy thy toil-worn spirit cheer'd: A glorious pride lit up thy heart and glow'd upon thy brow, For Leichhardt's name among the great and good is deathless now. Thou has wrought thy work of victory by deeds of blood unstain'd, For man's appointed purposes a glorious world obtain'd : Thy step upon the wilderness, the harbinger of peace, Hath bid that wild and savage night of solitude to cease, Proud man ! In after ages the story shall be told, of that advent'rous traveller, the generous, the bold, Who scorning hope of selfish gain disdaining soft reposes, Taught the dark and howling wilderness to blossom like the rose. E. K. S. Setting aside those memorable junketings truth compels me to admit that the settlement some thirty years ago was no El Dorado for an enterprising man-push and energy was all moonshine. There was nothing to push at. You might, if you had a friend in the commis- sion, push out with a few sheep or cattle to the Logan district, and there, with yourself and stock, quietly starve or live on bad rations till something turned up. The Downs, as a matter of course, was, even in those early days, ta- booed, and no foot of the stranger was allowed to come between the boundaries of the great men of the table lands, not as to going into business, even if you could secure a standing in the leading thoroughfare of the settlement, your chances of success were few. Squatter, merchant, overseer, lawyer, clerk, and auc- tioneer, had to "rest and be cautious" Looking back to those primitive days when our wants were few and our expectations mode- rate, one almost wishes that we had obtained, by some mental intuition, the cost of Respon- sible Government, as I am inclined to think that, had the majority counted the cost, they would have left the matter of separation an open question, or, at all events, delayed their jubila- tion at the advent of the Herbert Ministry, and the introduction of place-hunters, whose name is legion, upon the inauguration of our first Governor, Sir G. F. Bowen. The question has often been put as to how the dwellers in the settlement managed to pass their time, seeing there was but very little busi- ness, less money-if we except the I.O.U.'s, which constituted the currency. Not the ghost of a chance to get up an indignation meeting connected with politics or any other sensation. Well, the fact is, it was very hard work-as those in the "settlements" of the present day are aware-to occupy the mental faculties be- tween the departure and arrival of the mails. Library or reading-room not comtemplated: the expensive luxury of billiards not yet intro- duced: and, as to a night with the Christy Ministrels, or the sons and daughters of har- mony, under the guise of Philharmonic or Orpheus Glee Societies, not to be thought of, such musical inspirations not having come within five hundred miles of this locality. But we had the river and the glorious bay, two fields for our bodily and mental gratifica- tion,far in advance of either billiards, football, or cricket. Anyone in the full vigor of life who can shut his eyes to the benefits to be derived from a boating excursion to the bay or a day's go-in down the river, must be, in my opinion, less advanced in civilisation than a South Sea Is- lander. Just imagine a half-a-dozen of light-hearted, good natured, social fellows clubbing together for a trip to the bay in a good boat, and stomachs equal to anything with the digestion of an oyster patty to a dugong cutlet. What a glorious opportunity for muscular development and replenishing the lungs with any quantity of pure oxygen. Should any of the readers of "Old times" remain sceptical on that point, let me advise them to try the experiment: and, if they wish to add to the fun and amusement of the trip, let them take with them a couple of the darkies who have a knowledge of the bay. By their assistance the party will be laid on to good fish- ing grounds, and have a chance in all prob- ability of seeing the process of turning a turtle, or mayhap, catching a dugong, either of which interesting processes will be worth enjoying. I should like to witness in the present day a revival amongst the young fellows, not of Bris- bane only, but of all the coast settlements, for an occasional holiday amongst the glorious islands of our coast. As a matter of course, it is not possible to get all men into one way of amusing themselves, and it was found in the old times that the up- country folk, when visiting the settlement, felt more at home on the pig-skin than in the mid- ship thwart of a gig or whaleboat. We were occasionally gladdened with an ex- tempore race, got up by some half- dozen squat- ters, who, in coming to do business in the settle- ment, found time hang heavy on their hands. THE COMMON PLOUGH FOR SUBSOILING - As we (I speak as an agriculturist) receive much valuable information from your journal, it is but fair that we should contribute our mite to the general stock : hence the object of this letter. You say in your issue of the 21st ult.- "We must call in the sub-soil plough if our farm- ing is to pay." Now to subsoil land properly it requires two ploughs and two teams at work at the same time: that is to say, the sub-soiler following immediately after the ordinary break- ing up plough: but to compass this many of us poor farmers would be sorely puzzled as to ways and means. I think I can point out a way, which is within the reach of every farmer, to obviate the necessity of so great an outlay, as far as cane planting is concerned. I have tried it with success in other colonies, and do not see why it should not be successful here, having adopted the plan on my plantation at Cleveland, which I have laid down for the last two years. After opening a deep furrow, such as you de- scribe in your paper of the 21st ult., take the mould board off the plough, and run it once up and down every furrow. This will break up the crust of the sub-soil good ten inches deeper than the botton of the original furrow, without bringing up one particle of sub-soil to the sur- face. A good plough and strong team will break up the sub-soil ten inches deep by six wide in each passage. Thus the cane plants will lay upon a bed of broken-up soil ten inches deep by twelve wide. In a dry season like the present the roots of the plants will find their way into this deep broken-up sub-soil looking after moisture, which will entirely prevent the plants from coming out of the ground.-E. M'CLEOD, in the Queenslander. It is a long time since we heard or saw any- thing hitting fairer at the existing abuses of agricultural societies or farmers' clubs than the following remarks by farmer Hawkins. He spoke at a recent meeting of the Hadleigh Farmers' Club, and reminded the members that they had begun twenty years ago with the in- tention of carrying out the objects of a farmers' club. They had, however, fallen away from that idea, and, as such a club, they were now a sort of nonenity. He should like them to do either one thing or another-either resuscitate the "dead man," or sink the idea of a farmers' club altogether. He thought a farmers' club ought to start with the motto adopted by the Royal Agricultural Society-"Practice with Science," these being the tributary streams to feed that great society. The first thing such a club should possess was a good library. When their forefathers died all their knowledge died with them, becaus they never recorded any facts, a man spent half a life time in acquiring knowledge, in the other half he used it for his own benefit, and when he died his knowledge all went with him. And that was the way they would still go on, unless they adopted the sys- tem of recording results through the Press. When we looked round and saw so many young men who wanted to look into the sub- jects that might come before them in their avocations, he thought there ought to be books to which they could refer. It was now more essential than ever. Suppose, instead of spending fifty guineas a year for a stock show, they were to spend thirty guineas for a set of botanical works, to make the farmers ac- quainted with what they saw in the fields. When they knew the habits of a plant, they knew how to destroy it, and when they knew the soil to which it was indigenous, they would know whether it would grow with their crop. He fancied that an agricultural library, giving the result of experiments and a knowledge of what was going on, was of the utmost import- tance to a farmers' club. Many topics were brought before them in an erroneous point of view, which farmers clubs ought to correct. If they had read the speeches at the agricultural meetings during the year, they would have found that the aristocracy had come to the universal conclusion that their lands were not half-tilled, and that it was owing to the ignorance and poverty of the tenants. There were a great many things that were called agricultural im- provements that were not undertaken by tenants-things which their landlords thought they ought to do-because they did not know how to do them. It was the business of a farmers' club to show them. 