Expcotatien waa on tiptoe whon it waa annenncec that tho "Oruisoof tho Galatea" waa''inthopresa.anc shortly to ho published." A royal Prince had, for tin first time in British history, made the circuit of Un globo as captain of his ship- He had visited, not onlj tho places of mora familiar note, suoh as the BrazilB, Tristan d'Aohuna, and the Capo of Good Hope, bul tho antipodean land of tho kangaroo and tho platypus, ?whore tho wondorful faot osistod that, in eighty yours after the British flag had boon hoisted in toi'en of possession, and while tho savage aboriginal still Toamod tho remoto forests in a state of nature, groat cities, with nearly all tho luxuriös and refinements of tho British metropolis, hal boon established and were flourishing. Thoro is no use in our being thin-skinned "Wo nil know vory woll tho purposo for which Oaptiia Phillip formed his camp at Sydney Covo in 178S, and, instead of being oshamod of that, wo ought ro bo all proud of tho high position which tho peoplo of Australia havo now achioved for themselves morally, socially, and intellectually,' This, then, is ono of tho deeply interesting subjects which might havo boon expected to engizo tho attention ot tho philosophic travailing companions of tho Prince. It is not vory many years ago ejineo poor Tom Hood indulged in a playful sketch of " tho forlorn shep- herd" of Australia, having, in his eye, of courso, one of thoso o«ly importations who did not owo their transplantation to any particularly good conduct of their own. Ho ropresonts tho Arcadian ns lamenting over tho povorty of tho country in which ho is doomed to resido, whioh entiroly dobara him from tho exorciso of his kleptomaniac propensities, and has made him compulsorily so respectable that ho is ashamed of himself: " IE over I go back-ns go I will To laugh and joko willi Jack and Tom and Bill, I'vo boen so precious honost in this placo I shan't know how to show my sheopish face 1" Well, wo havo changed all that, and havo not only got another class af colooists, but so much wealth that thooxports of this ono colony alono amount in valuo to about nino millions Btcrliug annually, while it would perhaps ba not wide of tho mark to guoss that, altogether, tho Australian colonies expended about a quarter of a million in giving a^ loving and loyal recoption to his Boyal Highness Prince Alfred. Now I morely adduce thoso fjcts to show what a deeply interesting field for study presorted itself to our visitors ; and I havo no doubt whatever that if tho Duke of Edinburgh himsolf had undertaken to ?writo tho history of tho voyago, availing himsolf of tho observations and suggestions of his favourite coxswain, and a few moro intelligent petty officers of his ship, wo should have had a smart and pungent book, full of observation and a lively spirit of in- quiry ; rich and torso in description, and keen in per- ception. But, unfortunately, his Royal Highness intrusted tho task to t ie ship's parson and tho artist, and it is no libel to say that thoy have most decidedly botched it. Thora is no gleam of "bright intelligence" throughout tho wholo work, with the exception of the graphio sketch of tho elephant hunt, which was contributed by tho Ptinco himsolf. I open thc book at thoso passages the nat ra- tion of which might havo been expected to stir up au intellectual appotito under the ribs of tho sheerest stupidity, and tho result is an utter blank: Wo start-for soul is wanting thore ! . A diligent uso of tho scissors and pasto pot, in com- piling extracts from thu colonial journals and statistical registers, conl.l havo or.sily lua'lo aa good a book, arid might hivo mado a bolter. I shall not talk of what Charles Dickens, or oven Kala, would probably havo mado of such a sp'eadid subject as the Cruise of tho Galatea ; but, putting thoso groat guns out of tho ques- tion, suppjso that ono of tho first-class writors of our Sydney, or Molbourno, or Adelaide journals had been intrusted with tho task, what a moro satisfactory result would have been produced. Tho " inoidonU" recorded ara fow and by no nieana exciting. Hero is ono of them: At tho lovco at Melbourne one of tho gentlemen presented, when making his bow, stumblod, at which tho ladies all laughed, and tho Duko smiled ! "Wondorful powors of observation must tho recorders of thoso events havo possessed ! I remc-mbor seeing a statement iu ono of tho Molbourno papers that tho Hon. Eliot Yorke, when thcro in attendance on his Royal Highness, wrote an anBwor to eomo address, in which ho intimated his opinion that rt moro sedulous cultivation of tho beauties of tho \- English language was very desirable in Australia. All I can pay about that is that I hopo the book pro- duced by Mr. Milner and Mr. Brierly is not given as a samplo of the improved stylo, Tho authors, in their chaptor on Tristan d'Aehuna, refcr to " tho period of our youth, when tho marvollous pago of Defoe is conned ns a text book." I wish to goodnoîs they had " conned" it itt that innnnor. They might thon novo given us something n liltlo moro readable. I havo given up all hopo of obtaining nows a'out doings in Sydnoy from the newspapers. If I want to'know what is going on in George-street I refer to tho Molbourno pnp;rs. Hire is a specimen proving my case. I quoto from a Molbourno paper: "Syd- ney. Tho Inepector-Gonoral of Police has bceu examined b?foro tho Parliamentary committee rospaot ing tho cxisteuco of a Fenian conspiracy. His ovidenco does not support Mr. Parkoa'a Btatomont that theo was rohablo information in tho department nB to tho existence of a combination sworn to tako tho . lifo of tho Duke of Edinburgh. No doubt how remains that Mr, Parkos allowed Ilia imagination to oolour and magnify tho confessions and conversations ho obtained from O'Farroll when in gaol." Tho wording of tho telegram ja not quito complimentary, hecauso it supplioa tho unintended inference that Mr. Parkes took advantago of his being in gaol to obtain admissions from a fellow-prisoner. I complain that tho Sydnoy public has been kept in tho dark about tho . ! Parliamentary committee, and-tho Molbourno folks aro first informed of ovidenco talton under our very noses. The truth is that ovory ono is tired of tho whole affair. It ia a wrotohod, and might havo been a vory mischievous bugbear. I see tomo wags advertised their intoution to bury tho ghost o£ tho Kinma mys- tery on the 3lst Decomber, at midnight ; and would lo God wo could bury and forget all tho. bad feb!(tig ' brought ' about by this atrooious political scheming triok. Of course, Mr. Parlies will ticat ; tho , : ovidonco given . beforo... the Parliamentary committco in his usual magnificent and supercilious stylo, Tho Bonodiote, Professor M'tcs, and other gentry of tho samo olaES will bo io ' . garded by Mr. Pnrkes as tho^eaviours of tho country. Gibbon, tho hibtorian, tolls us that in tho lifo and death - of -Nicholas Bionzi Galvin!, tho hero and tho ; coward wero strangely mingled. Bicnzi WOB 'a .< political lecturer, and stirred up the pooplo hy tho severity of his strictures upon tho nobles. Athis coll the péoplo gathered and did bis bidding. Bionzi bo carno influtod with piwer; tho success of his measurco whoa bo was aided by tho peoplo intoxicated Ute tri bubo; ho-took to wearing splendid clothing ;'ho ' . k*ca»M> xidioulom in tho eyes- of the people, and he . *'""" '" . '.' .'? '<.'. i ' ' '* foll.; Itionii did good service to Homo, but : ho forget tho powor by which ho waa olevatcd, .and tlo god of i a ' fow fleeting hours was scouted as nn impostor while tho' people stood idly by I want to find some moons by whioh an end can be put to so much talk. Wo aro afflicted now a days with a torrent of novor-onding chatter ; it is one long dribblo of thin nonsonso. And thon wo aro told of Mr. Bo and So's splendid speeoh when ho made his celebrated deficit statomont; when that admirable orator proved most dearly that io bo in debt is tho best proof of a nation's grealnoss. And of course you romembor that thrilling peroration dolivorcd with tho skill of a finished artist. Well, I am tired of so much falk. Spend a short timo in Parliament and you will bo speedily cured. I want to substituto anotbor plan, and I nm mot with-" Mr. Speakor, tho honorable gentleman is rearfing bis speech." This is a torrtble offence against " Mny," and all tho authorities mado and provided. It is assumed apparently that all mon aro hora orators, and that they havoonly to stand up- right to ba able to pour forth words of wisdom, clothed in richly arranged eloquence Why is it that honor ablo membora may not read their spocohes? If an ossay or lecture is attomptod, tho volunteer instructor is- at, liberty to commit his thoughts and opinions to paper. Yet on tho important, question of law making, tho moro ready talker has all tho advantago on his side, and tho thinkers aro nowhere. Many, profound thinkors, directly thoy 6tand oroct boforo a number of people, find their ideas in a stato of chaf3j their re floctivo faculties tend boot- words, and they mako a sad s'ammor of it. Tho thinkers may proparo tito way by .threading carefully through a complicated question, and having woighed all that can bo said on both tides, thoy may impart their ideas to " Windbag," who is on his foet, and forthwith feloniously appropriates and oracularly pumps out nH tho thinkor would havo said if ho could ; dowii tits Windbag in. duo course, ai ter having made what is ctllod a tolling speeoh. During tho wholo of the want of confidonca chatter, with which wo havo boon troubled during tho Inst fortnight how much argumont havo we had ! Suppooo each mombor had written his opinion on that particular motion, and had handed his manuscript to Mr. Speakor, would so much timo have been occupiod ? Would so much vilo abaso havo been spattered in all directions ? Ono momber, moro candid than many of his follows, said ho despaired of influencing any member by argument. Tho arguments by which honorablo membora aro convinced aro dealt with outside tho talking room. It appears the smoking-room is mo3t in favour. There tho gravo sages assemble, and, ovor tho colourod cutty or tbo mounted raeeischaum, look wise, and utter pro- found sayings, which aro lo3t to tho worid. It is said that somo aro BO obstinato that it requires moro than Fmoko to induenco their opinions; and in such cases tho most irresistible argument is an appeal to Eelf-intcrest. When any important question is to bo, considered, lot thero bo a call of the House, und lotjJr bo understood that no speeches will bo allowed, but that anyone wishing to bo roportod will ba dealt with liberally in tho reporters' gallery ly leaving his paper, I soo no good reason against my suggestion. Of courso some will eay that tho speaking, practice has received tho eanction of ngeä, and is unalterable Peter Plymley says: " Whon I hear any man talk about an unalterable law. tho only effect it pioduces upon mo is to_ convince mc that ho Í3 an unalterable fool." 