8CÍJ* Courier^ PUBLISHED DAILY. i 1 i SATURDAY, MAY 29, 1869. He-«vriv ybix snake stones mo pecu haiities of Austi alian journalism, distill guialung aliko tho " Collinb stieot Hum deiei," and tho adventitious little pioncci broadsheet that.w Uli a staft of "one mau and a boj, ' "supplies a feieat public want' m some îemoto bush township Hie snake is the onl) membei of the furn natiticc that gives us much tiouble, and wo mnko the most of the familj In dull times, active îepoiteis and ingenious country cones pondents aie peipetuallj on the look out for thom, and no small amount of abilitj is o\eicised m pioscntiug thom, when caught, to tho public Indeed, consiilenng the lnfeuouty of the creaturo undei ilcscuption, somo of the snake stones of Austialmn journalists aie, as hteiaiy cllorts, quito oqual to the tiger stones of then Singa poro oí Indian contení poi at íes, or the "tlespeiato encounters with gu//hes," in which tho editors of tho Nevada Sp>cad Eagle or the Nobiaska loich of Libttti/ displaj such wonderful descuptivo powei lo ouisehos a íoally good snako stoij - on ummpeichablo authoitty of colase- is al\\\a}8 acceptable, and a lefeionco to tho early flics, especiall), of this journal will, wo \eiituio to saj, show somo's01 y valuable contnbutions to the histoiy of tho habits and customs of tho oidoi Ophdia If au occasional snake incident furnishes paiagiaphs which nono of oui contempora lies despise, wo should hko to know whj the snakes of Austialui, as a wholo, aro not w 01 thj of a leading aiticle Until some oue shall answci this quostion satisfuctonly, wo shall feel con Miiced that onl) in oin leading columns could wo do justico to the ments of Mi Gin vu» Km n r s new work-"Hie Snakes of Austialia -of winch wo havo to acknowledge îecpipt, thiough tho courtes) ol inotlioi talented conti ibutoi to tho natuiil lustoiy of theso colonies-j\Ii S\ r \ i s 11 it Dircus Hil onlj foar wo havo ib lost oin giving a sub|oct of this nutuie inch piominence whilo Pailmnient is attimll) sitting mi&ht; gi\o ollonco to somo honoiablo mombil s, wlio aio no\ei satisliod unless wo aio noticing themselves and then doin0s, mil might be constmed into a bieach ol pnviligc In oui« to sol oui selves light on this point and to avoid on the ono hand that banishment with which we have been threatened from those arenas of classic eloquence and refined taste, the Legislative Chambeis, and on the other the stiong îooin and ling bolts which we aie mfouned aie all in îeadiness-we, at the outset, disclaim any intention to huit the feelings of lion gentlemen, 01 to m\ ade the dignities and pnvileges of eithei honoiable House Moicovei, when, it this time, the Impenal Pailiament is legislating foi the piotection of sea gulls, and the Pailiament of Queens land, undei the able dnection of that lion gentleman whose name will evei be asso ciated with the destruction of Bathuist bun, is lending its energies to the extnpa tion of the dingo, why should not a joui nahst bo pennitted to confer the honois of long primei on a work which trul) may be said to be " a caution to snakes " Some of oui readeis may not be aware that Mi Gerard Kreiti is the curatoi of the Austialian Museum in Sydney, but any one who has visited that -\ aluable mstitii tion, and in an intelligent w ay has examined the Collection, will not fad to estimate highly the scientific skill and the great taste and excellent oidei displayed in its ariangement It would be difficult to find a man more competent foi the woik to which he has devoted attention for many yeais-the gathenng of information îe specting the fauna of Austiaha-than Mi Kreitt , and this volume, of which he is the authoi, is a most valuable contnbution to the Natural Ilistoi y of this pait oí the world He very modestly st) les it a " Descriptive Catalogue," but the term docs not convey an adequate idea of the v ast amount of infoimation the book contains Written in the spnit of an enthusiast m science, and indexed and ananged with io markable clearness and exactness, it is, in fact, a complete histoiy of the oidei Oplndm in Austiaha, and contains man) particulais respecting theso îeptiles as they exist m othei parts of the woild Mi Kreitt sa) s that theie are now on îecoid nemly seventy species of Australian snakes, and it is lather pleasant to hear that of forty distinct kinds dis coveied diuing the last ten )ears theie is not one of a venemous descnption It is also pleasing to leam that, from May to Septembei, the moie -venomous desenp tions of snakes îetire undeiground, and that even in oui sciubs theie is voiy little dangei of encounteiing these îeptiles "NortheuiQueensland, 'Mi luiLirx tells us with considerable naivete, " is i ich m liai m less Pythons, and the haï mless fiesh vvatei snakes Cei bents Aust taits and Mi/ion i ioho.) dsonu appeal to be îestiicted in their habitat to the Northern nveis" Iho Noith has much to be thankful foi, and although sharks and alligatois aio îathci moro plentiful than is pleasant in Noithein waters, it is to be hoped that its wealth of "liaimless Pythons," and these fiesh water innocents, of which it exclu sively enjoys the piesence, will be accepted as a set oil against the scaly monsters New Zealand, it seems, enjoys au immunity fiom the presence of the snake famil), and is not rich ov en in lizards and fi ogs Mi Krbitt upsets apopulai fallacy, for which we aro afiaid his Hibernian readeis will scaicely foigive him, and declaies that theso îeptilcs aio to be found m Iioland This subtiacts veiy consideiobly fiom the legendaiy fame of St Pytrick, but wo aie not suie that evon Mi Kreux will be able to poisuado patiiotic Iiishmen into the belief that Ins Samtship really did not give Tho snoltoa and toads o twist And baulah thom for orei But this is not the only aiticle of popular belief that this gentleman demolishes Ho sa)s, "Much as has been said and watten about the sizo and powei of Boas and Pythons, little can bo íelied on The laigest specimens seldom exceed twenty feet in length, and an Austialian Rock Snake of ten 01 eleven feet must bo consuleied a monstei The swal lowing powei of theso reptiles has also been gieatly cxaggeiated Such stones as Waterton tells of his Dutch friend, who killed a boa twent) feet long, that had a pan of stags bonis m its mouth, and wasapparentl) just waiting foi the body to bo digested, aio nothing but cana» di> Du Cn vii lu and othei sonsa tional authois have followed m his foot stops, tho lllustiations given b) them of Afiloan P)thons aio almost on a pai with tho well known engraving îepiesentmg a boa, appaiently foit) feet long being npped up by a negio while it is swinging fiom tho blanch of a tieo Iho pieseut geuoiation ivill not beliovo such exaggciations, for w hen the foot rule is applied to the monstors in question, the) dwnullo down to tho oidinai) size 'Mi IutuiT evidentl) looks on tho catching of snakes foi the S) duo) Museum as a patiiotic woik, and incites to its performance b) stating that thousands of snakes havo been captured and pre sented to the Museum, and that, for eight years, no accident has occuired to aii)ouo engaged in collecting them Ho also seems anxious that such a knowledge of theso cieatuies might be gninod by tho colonists as would enable them to distinguish between tho venomous and the in nocuous descriptions This is voi) desuable ou vanous grounds, but one reason which seoms to influence Mi Kreitt m the maltoi is, that thoso that aro not \ enomous might bo spared As de stro)Ois of othei \\.crmin it is of com so desuablo that hai mless snakes should como to no liai m but wo think the da) is distant whon much distinction will be mado between the two kinds While not par ticularl) anxious to meet eithei vanet), wo aro aft aid that when theso îeptihs do cross oui path wo shall kill them lu at, and aftciwaids peihaps lnquuo whothor the) woio venomous Anothei fact laid down b) Mi Kui i it is worth giving in his own woids Ho sa)s - An Austialian snake that is not thickoi than a man's little lingei, vvhatcvei mn) bo its length cannot b) its bito endangei tho life of au adult human being ' lo tho subject of snako poisons, and the tieatment of wounded poisons some ^paco is devoted and some \altmblo advice given, uni ni summing up tho whole tieat- ment snjs Mi Kmm resolve-, itself into this-sik/ ihc uound if powibli, at omi apply a ligatuit lan tatt, titi punt titles, and nash Hu pall tutli niitci and uiini hcip mourn/ and do not despond " Before concluding, we must say that this book, printed at the Government Printing office, Sydney, and we presume at the pub- lic expense, as such a work may very well be, is an admirable specimen of the typographic art. It is em- bellished with lithographic plates, excel- lently drawn by New South Wales ladies, Mrs. Helena Forde and Miss Harriet Scott, and printed by Gibbs, Shallard, and Co. Altogether the book is a most valu- able one, and reflects great credit on those concerned in its production. The author hopes, if sufficient encouragement is offered, to continue publications of a similar cha- racter, and we sincerely trust he will not be disappointed. In conaequenco of tho loto hour at which tho Church of England Synod concluded its sittings 'ast evening, wo aro compelled to hold ovor a report of tho proceedings until our next issue Mn. J. Eetnoeds Balk returned to this city yesterday hy tho City of Brisbane Ty conaequenco of tho numerous thefts latoly committed in Queen-street, tho Municipal In- spector has given notico to the shopkeepers that, after this day, no goods will bo allowed to bo oxposcd for 6alo in front of tho shops or windows, and, with ono exception, all tho par- ties concerned havo willingly consented to com- ply with the notice, and approve vory much of such a Btep being taken. At tho Central Police Court, yesterday, Thomas Smith and Thomas Cameron woro charged with assaulting and robbing ono John O'Donncll. Tho prosecutor stated that about half-past 11 o'clock on Wednesday night he was passing tho Exchange Hotol, in Edward-street, whoro tho two prisoners and another mon woro sitting on a bench outside. One of thom spoko to him, and ho went up to them, after somo few words ono of tho mon got up and attacked him ; ho tried to defend himself with a whip he hod in his hand. Tho others thon joined in tho as- sault. When ho got away from thom ho missed £3, in ;ßl-notos, and Bomo Bilvor. IIo then wont to Qucon-Btrcct, whoro he sow n constable who accompanied him to tho place, and took tho two men into custody. Tho constable, on searching tho mon, found on ono 2s. 2d., and on tho othor, o knife, pipo, and tohacco. A wit- ness, collod for tho defence, said ho wos sit- ting on tho bench with Smith and Cameron at tho timo O'Donncll carno up. Smith gavo O'Donnoll a shovo hackward ; ho staggered for a fow paces, and fell down. When ho got up ho went away in tho direction of Quoon-strect. Tho coso was dismissed.-Elizabeth Princo was found guilty on two charges of shoplifting, and was sontencod to two punishments, amounting to nine months' hard labor in Brisbano gaol. Tho wages caso of Charles Cutts v. Charles Bowlings, terminated in a verdict for plaintiff for JC2 Is. lid. and costs. The concert yesterday ovoning at tho School of Arts, givon as a furowcll benefit to Madame Carandiui, prior to her departure on a provin- cial tour, was undoubtedly one of tho best and most successful that wo rouicmbor as having tokon place in tho city for somo yoars past. Tho members of tho Orpheus Society, who generously gove their aesistaneo on tho occasion, may well feel proud of their efforts, for thoy contributed not a littlo to render tho enter taiumont a brilliant succcbs. Thero was a vory good attendance, tho front scots, ospo emily, being all ûilod. Tho only criticism wo feol collod upon to pass would ho with respect to tho ronderiug of tho opening part song " Oft whon night," by tho Orpheus Society, which would perhaps havo been bettor sung with a littlo moro spirit. Wallaco's lovely air, " Alas thoso chimes," was very sweotly sung by Miss Fannio Carandiui ¡ hut her gifted sister com plotoly onehanted hor oudienco by hor oxquisitc tasto and conception of Gou- nod's channing song " Bing on, swoot Ángelus," which was rapturously encored. Tho pleasing and doaorvedly popular ballad " Ever of thee," sang by Modamo Carandiui, was also ro-domnnded, when the talontod canta- trice substituted the woli-known air " Molly Asthore," and by so doing narrowly oscapod another encore. Brahom's immortal " Death of Nelson," which followed, did not oppoar to givo very great satisfaction, tho g'roator part of tho oudienco doubtless remorabering having hoard it iu better hands. Tho fact is, it is hardly adapted for Mr. Sherwin's voice Kucken's lovely serenado, tho harmony of which ia vory ploising, concluded the first port of tho pro- gramme In tho soeoud part Madaruo Caran- diui so ilolighted tho audioneo with her singing ¡n Hobbs' patriotio song, " Tho Queen's Lottor," that, in acknowledgment of tho onthusiastio opplauso with which it was grooted, sho gavo thom a still moro favorito molody, " Coming thro'tho Byo." Tho song, "Tho green troos whisper," was next charmingly sung by Miss Fnuuio Carandiui; boing encored, tholovoly air, " Tho murmur of tho sholl," was givon instoad. Tho part song, "Tho miller's doughtor," by tho Orphous Society, also olicited o woll morited encore, whioh produced another beautiful part song (by Mendelssohn), " Tho student's port- ing," which was sung with great tasto and ex- pression. The Victoria Dall was well patronised last ovoning, and Alex. Dumas' drama " Camille," was woll rocoived. Modamo Durot took the prinoipal character, and hor personation of the heroine, with Mr. Favvcett's Annand Duval, woro the great features of the porformauco. TliEltK was a very fair houso ot tho Alex- andra last night, and tho performance waa well received. Tho chief item of tho progrommo was a drama, entitled " Harold Hawk ¡ or, tho Bushranger's Bovenge" Tho principal cha- racters were sustained hy Mr. and Mrs. West and Mr. and Mrs. Buoy, and at tho fall of tho curtain they received o woll-dcservod round of applause. A musical interlude followed, and tho porformauco concluded with the good old faroe, entitled " A Pair of Pigeons." Tho Alexandra Company is, without question, ono of the best whioh has appeared in Brisbano for somo timo past, and great credit is duo to Mr. Dinsdalo, the proprietor, for his Bpirit and entorpriao in catering so well for tho publio uudor tho cirouuiatanccs. Gbmiembn intending to play on tho «Mer chants' » side, m tho forthcoming cricket match' Merchants v the Banks, aro requested to meet' at tho Green Hills, not the Queen's Park J at first arranged, at half past 1 o'clock «in afternoon, for practico WOBSE ghost stones than tho following (which has the advantage of being true) have gono the rounds of the nowspapera -A fam 1 recently residing m Noah Brisbane were about to romovo to tho south side of tho river, whe an old matron, living not a hundred mile's from tho North Quay, and whoso accent umuistak oblv proves her to havo hailed from tho Erne raid Isle, cautioned one of tho servants from accompanying tho family, alleging that the new houso was haunted Tho Hist night « the new houso passed over without the appearance of tho spectre, but in tho middle of tho second night, just "at tho houi when ghost3walk" tho girl was awakened by a soft noiso m tbo room, and tbo old woman's caution at once re ourred to her On opening her eyes, there by" tho meagre light, she saw, to her horror'the phantom, elad, like Amma, " m robes of snowy white," stealing noiselessly ocross tho room Tho agony of mind of tho poor girl may be bettor imagined than described Unable to movo a limb, or call for assistance, she lay m breathless teiror, watching tho ghosts move- ments Hei fear was still further intensified if that wero possible, on perceiving tho ghost steal to her bedside, fold down tho bed clothes, and onsconco itsolf undor tho blankets On undine that tho spnto wos not othoieal but a thin* 9f flesh ond blood, sho gradually rccovemlhcr sonsos, when o few words explained the whole matter It appears that her fellow servant is a somnambulist, and had been walking about m her sleep, until tho chilliness of the night tug gestcd tho piopnoty of " turning in" again It is proposed to establish a remount depot for horses for India in the Northern territory of South Australia Mr B D Boss will kaye Adelaido by tho next mail to consult with tho Indian Government on the matter The Adelaide Chamber of Commerce hive passed Mr Tarlton's «solutions athraung that m districts îemoto from any port, whero there is a considorablo aroa of agricultural land, it is pioferable to opon up communication with 'uch districts by non, instead of macadamised roads, and that, in tho ovont of tho Government «up porting tho iron road, they should guarantee i cortain rato of interest TnE ship Bluo Jacket was burned on March 9 , tho captain, six of the orow, and all tho passengers took tho cuttoi, and tho second and third mates respectively tho lifeboats and tho remainder of tho ciow, the cutter only was picked up, as tho other boats drifted to lee word, and woro lost sight of iho cutter was roscuod by tho ship Pyrmont, bound from Iquiquo to Falmouth, tho day after the Bluo Jaeket was dostioyed Mr Ellis a «ccond class passenger, Mi Farrington, tho fourth , mato , and Mr Apsley, tho third steward, died from exhaustion, tho romaindei were well Tho Blue Jackot had 15 boxes of gold on board, containing 1000 ounces oach Ono box was placed on board each boat for ballast - S ii Eel aid The annual general meeting of the Brisbane Football Club was hold at Lenneborg's Cafe, last evening, Mr. D. Watterston in the chair. Tho following îepoit of tho committee was read aud adopted -" Your committee, in pro eating this tho thud annual ropoifc of the club feel that thoy havo causo to congratulato the ineui bers on tho continued interest manifested in tho gamo dilling tho past season, as will be «cen from tho largo attendance at all the practice' As was tho coso during the last two seaaons great difficulty has been oxponenced m arranging matches of suflieiout interest to ensure the at tendance of mcinbeis Three first class matches have howovei, been played - two with tho Pohco, ono of which wos won by the police ond tho othoi by tho club, and ono with tho 50th Begimont (Queou's Own), m which tho club proved victorious Notwithstanding tho exciting nature of tho gamo it is plei mg to notice tho uiiivcisol good feeling which es1 ti among tho members Appended is the trea siner's report, by which it will bo seen that after paving tho current e\pensos of tho club and tho prizes foi tho athletic sport» there romains m hand tho sum of £- IG1 Your committee would submit that inorUr«! to sustain a hvclv interest m tho game diirm^l tho approaching season, a sones of matches! likely to provo attractive to tho pectator* and! also tho membeis, bo arranged to take pluo onj each alt«nato Saturday afternoon (anti if po» I sible advertised), ullowing ono occasionallv for! practico Bv this means it is believed that! tho club would secure good attendance in I ttsmucL as moinbers would receive timely! notico of Buch matches It is to bel regretted that hitherto all matohes ployed,! with tho exception of thoso with the pohco andl the military, hav 0 been confined solelv to con.!" tests among tho members, no othor club« having ns yet been formed m either Brisbano or thoi suburbs But it is earneatlv to bo hoped thaf^ boforo tho ensuing season 13 far advanced cflort* will bo mado to establish a mai club when! contests of a superior nature may bo anticipated! Owing chielly to tho inclémence of thal weather, tho athletic sports which weraj appointed to toko place at the clo«r of tho season proved a partial failure h futuro, or during tho season at hand it u thought that ai rangements should be made sa thot on carhei celebration of thoso sports miga! take placo, as towards the closo of the foot oar season tho weather becomos too warm for-««.M ciso of this naturo Bosides, it is remarked mm then the spirit of tho gomo itsolf is rather ¡m guid than othor» isc, and to uiako the «por» moro atti activo it is considered that the1 time «5 boRolooted for theso contests should be wiiib tho interest of tho gamo is at tho /»S»'"^ viz , about tho middle of tho season -»' ¿J P Boll, M L A , was ro elected president oitnf club, and F H Hart, Esq , vico président Jira R Davidson wos electod seoretary, aud. vir u« B Carver ro eloctod treasurer A voto ol tua"« wos passed to Mr 1 A Boord, for his .ervicj os seoretary since the club commenced ¿a« following committeo woro appointed tor iu» ensuing year -Messrs J O Bournt *| Bovco.S G Hill, D Watterston C Mica J« Ti onch, C Wallon, and J Hoylau Fourn^ members woro admittod Tho club will «.. out for practico at bnlf past 2 o'clock tin« »"»j noon, 111 the Quoon's Park .- ( The traQlo on tho Southern ancl^ " «« Rodway foi tho weok ending May - |T ."1 follows -Passengers, £209 12» , PfCl' ¡S' 10s 3d , miscellaneous £35 11s 101 S00 £940 3s lOd , total, £12SS Cs Hd To Ladies -The skin is ono of the vital portions of tho framo, its intiml » tion with some of tho most important fuor1 of life is shown by its being m, childbed ij seat of numerous complaints and di* 1 1 preseivo its minute vessels in healthvaciw j j thus to msuro its elasticity and w," ^ obviouslr demands our mon constant . . attention The lush aud universa eu. ? which Rowlands' Kalvdor continues W tom as au active vet mild and sootl nSdur,"l potor of all impurities of the »km, h f ? tho pouod of spring most plei«m«< ' Ro, Tho purifying and refreshing P-W1"-» ° lu ,rf lands' Kalyclor have obtained he ex j patronage of royalty, not only a regn« | own court, but tho'o of the whole °f J 1J It mav bo obtained at most of^ theii J stores and chemists' shops throng»»«1 I country.-[Adtt ] 