NEWS AND NOTES. i It is really a great pity tliat those ivho write about our election affairs do not learn at least some of the facts. The Age states that Mr Doane was brought forward in opposition to Mr M'Dowall, the fact being that Mr Doane allowed himself to be nominated at Mr M'Dowall's request. The reason why bo few votes were polled was, that the constitutional party did not, as a body, wish Mr Doane to come forward, and was bent on leaving the Loyal Liberals to deal with their own man. Sir J ones made a rather humorous speech to the electors of Ballarat West after the declaration of tho poll on Monday, and in it chalked out for himself the eoursewhich he meanstopursue,namely, thatof appeal ing from the Corruption Committee to Parliament, and from Parliament to the "supreme people." He did not throw much more dirt at his late colleagues, though this was expected by many who went to hear him. llr Jones' programme is a bold one, but, then, he is always more courageous in profession than per formance. He, moreover, may not find the " supreme people" quite so eager to follow him as lie supposes. In another column we give particulars of the Fair and Bazaar in aid of the Ballarat East Public Library, from which it will be seen that that excellent institu tion will derive a much larger benefit this year than last, from the annual festival held in aid of its funds. To-day, the fair will be continued on the Eastern Oval, with a large programme of sport?, and in the evening the bazaar will be open as last night in the Alfred Hall. A few of the workmen of the All Saints Gold Mining Company met at Brophy's British hotel on Saturday evening last, to present Mr K. Henderson, late mining manager, with a handsome silver watch and gold Albert chain as a mark of esteem and res pect. After the usual preliminaries, Mr John Old ham, on behalf of the employees, made the presenta tion, which was suitably acknowledged by Mr Henderson. The party, after spending an agreeable evening, separated at a late hour. The hairdressers of Ballarat have set a good ex ample to their fellow- tradesmen in other towns ' by having done away with the practice of Sun day business. A month's trial of keeping their places of business closed on Sundays has been mado, and we are informed that the experiment lias been honestly made, and has proyed a success. It is in tended, therefore, to adhere to so excellent a custom, and wo can only hope that the Ballarat tradesmen v/jll maintain the sensible reform for themselyes, and that others will profit by the example, and secure the rest-day like their Ballarat brethren. Tlie number of persons who availed themselves o£ the Easter excursion trains to leave Ballarat was 497G. We have not been able to ascertain the number of those who came here, but 011 enquiry, find that it was quite equal to that or other holiday times. We saw a rather unusual spectacle in these days, on the road from Ballarat to Sebastopol, not more than a quarter of a mile from the centre of the town, on Jfctnday. It was that of two men stripped and fighting rounds, as ia the ease in an ordinary prize fight. Several men who, under ordinary circumstances, might have been taken to be respectable, were round the men, aiding and abetting. A match at hand-bull which was to have been played between representatives of Melbourne,and Bal larat on Monday, did not take place, in consequence of a dispute abqut the place in which tlio match was to take place. We believe that the m'atcli vail be played to-day. Our Stockyard Hill correspondent thus writes 011 25th March:—He says—" The sound of the threshing machine has at last died away, and the returns amongst the young districts I find about the same as the average of Stockyard Hill. I forward you the returns of the youjig and promising district of Shirley, which has now taken her position amongst the older agricultural districts. The following are the returns: Mr Evans, wheat, 19 bushels, oats, 18 bushels ; Mr Black, wheat, 20 bushels, oats, 15 bushels; Mr M'ltea, \ytyeat, 21 ^ushels, oats, 20 bushels; M'lnnesand Sons, wheat, 20 bushels, oats, 23 bushels; 31. M'Innis, wheat, 21 bushels, oats, 21 bushels; Sir M'Cloud, wheat, 23 bushels, oats, 18 bushels ; Mr Piekford, wheat, 18 bushels, oats, 16 bushels; Mr King, wheat, 8 bushels, oats, 10 bushels; Messrs Carne and Oliver, wheat, 20 bushels, oats, 22 bushels; Messrs Gordon's 205 acres, wheat, 18 bushels, oats, 1G bushels; Mr Smith, wheat, If; bushels, oats, 15 bushels; Mr Iienry Campbell, wheat, 20 bushels, oats, 19 bushels; Mr M. M'Donald, wheat, 28 bushels, oats, 1G bushels; Mr Stewart, wheat, 1G bushels, oats, 11 bushels; Mr Strachan, wheat, 18 bushels, oats, 15 bushels. I found in this district some very fine samples of grain : the samples wore Frampton 11 P's, and white velvet wheat. Tl(e number of acres of short and tartarian oats were about equal also in average. Many qf the farmers of late have taken advantage of the good roads, and have suc ceeded in conveying the most of their grain into the market. A Chinaman named Ah Tip, working at the claim of the Iukcrmann and Durham Company, fell from the braeo on Monday, a distance of 20 feet, aud severely injured his back, besides dislocating his knee. Ho was removed by his mates to the district hospital ; but we are informed that there is but small hope of his recovery. An accident happened at the Great Redan Com pany's claim, yesterday, by which a miner, named John Murphy, got severely crushed aud bruised by a fall of dirt. He was working in a pit, when somo earth fell from the side, about nine feet high, and knocked him down, lie was removed to the district hospital. The boy Adams, who was shot at Bunker's Hill, on Tuesday last, has improved considerably during the last few days, aud his recovery seems now almost certain. Mr Ochiltree, J.P., attended at the Western lock-up cm Monday morning, and disposed of several cases of drunkenness, and one of threatening behavior. Yesterday being Easter Monday, the usual fort nightly meeting of the Sebastopol Borough Council was postponed until Thursd.iv. tlm nf Auril. The Mayor of Ballarat East attended at the Eastern watch-house on Monday, and disposed of several cases of drunkenness. Win, Sheen, arrested for violently assaulting Mary Ann Moss, who now lies in the hospital, was remanded until Wednesday. Agnes Weatherhead, charged with vagrancy, was also remanded; as was Ah Ling, a Chinaman, charged with being on the premises of Ah Look, with intent to commit a felony. At the recent meeting in Melbourne of the General Assembly of the Welsh Presbyterian Church, after having expressed its deep sympathy with its mode rator, the Rev. W. 31. Evans, Ballarat, in his family afflictions, it was decided that the next meeting of the assembly be held at Ballarat, in September next. AYe learn from Balrauald, Itiverina, by telegram dated Saturday last, that steady rain had been experi enced there for thirty-six hours, and that there was every appearance of the fall continuing. Another inmate of the Royal Park Small-pox Hospital has been carried off by the ravages of that disease. The victim in tins case is a shoemaker of the name of William Maine, of Rathdowne street, Carlton. He was removed to the depot last Friday week (the ease being the worst admitted), and died there in a state of delirium on Friday night last. We are happy, however, to be able to state that one patient, having recovered, was discharged on Saturday morn ning, and that two others are now so far recovered as to be able to walk about the grounds, and are there fore in 5- foil' way towards convalescence. The session of the Court of Mines, Creswick, will begin before his Honor Judge Cope on Thursday, 1st April,'and the following appeal causes are setdown for hearing:—T. Wilson, C. Wilson, and others v J. Brawn and G. Wilson; G. Roberts v J. F. Creati. It was stated in the jSTew South Wales Parliament the other night, that both the Civil Service Super annuation fund and the Police Superannuation fund are in a state of insolvency. Dr Lang affirmed that the Civil Service fund had actually becomo bankrupt within three years of its institution. Such a result must come sooner or later to almost every Govern ment effort of the sort for carrying on work which can be more properly done by assurance companies. A letter has been received in Sydney from Sir John Young, dated Ottawa, 23rd December, in which his Excellency says lie received the offer of the govern ment of Canada the very first night that he arrived at hom1; in Ireland, though ho had informed the Duke of Buckingham that he neither expected nor desired a fresh appointment. Sir Joljn expresses tlje warm interest that he shall always continue to feel in the proceedings of New South Wales; and he speaks of the difference between the Government of Canada and that of that colony as being asmarkedas thedifi'er ence between the climates, the snow then lying heavy upon the ground, and the rivers being frozen a foot or more thick. It is stated that a number of the present members of the Collins street (Melbourne) Baptist Church pro pose to form a separate congregation and invite the Itev. James Taylor to accept the pastorate. A stipend of £-300 a year y/ill, it is said, be guaranteed him if he consents to the proposition. Well-sinking in the South Australian Bight lias been abandoned, so that it is again uninhabited. AVith reference to the condemned man Flannagan, the Hamilton Spectator publishes a telegram received on Friday by a gentleman of Hamilton, and of which the following is a copy;—" The execution is to take place next Wednesday. Ajwopos of this, we havo been shown a telegram, received yesterday by a gentle man in Hamilton, and of which the following is a copy:—'I am to die next Wednesday, at ten (10) a.m. For God's sake, save my life if you can.—M. Flannagan.'j Although our own telegran} states that the wretched man received the announcement of Ilia execution with calmness, it is evident from the above that ho is fijlly alive to the desperate nature of the circumstances in which lie is placed." The membersof the Newbridge Agricultural Society have been discussing the expediency of amalgamation. At a recent meeting, the chairman (Mr Charles Yeo), in mooting the question, intimated his intention of moving, at a future meeting to be specially convened by advertisement, the following motion:—"That the time has arrived when small societies like the New bridge Society should amalgamate with some central district, or that the Government should be requested to divide the colony into agricultural districts; that the membere should be elected from the different dis tricts or ridings forming a society, so that they may fairly look after their different districts or riflings, and if practicable hold the principal shows alternately. The minor affairs, such as ploughing matches, could be held in each district or riding." Our Stockyard Hill correspondent writes:—" In and around this district the farmers have given up speculat ing on flying clouds, and it is a settled case that there is to be no rain. It is thought by many that there must be a dead- lock, but, whether Sir Jones is the cause of it or not, I Lave not ascertained up to this date. Some say that if Jones is returned for Ballarat it won't rain, but it will cause tremendous thunder but where the lightning will strike they are not very sure, llain or no rain, the farmers are pressing for ward their ploughing with great energy,—within the last few weeks some thousands of acres have been turned over. There is another case settled, and that is, that we are about seeing the last of our native grasses: things are looking far more than serious to ride through these plains and see the desert before you, -with a few flocks of mutton ghosts trying to linger out an existence on the roots of the far-famed pastures of the west. It certain!}' is a melancholy sight to see those rich grasses wasted away with care lessness,—never improved, no irrigation; but feed away upon year after year ; yet we see in the papers daily of rich patches of rye grass—what a pet they do make of it. The richest piece of soil is selected for this pet seed. It is irrigated, top dressed with the best of manure, and it actually grows, and some people hold up their hands in astonishment; but when do the native grasses receive such nursing ? When do we hear of them receiving irrigation, top dressiug, &c.; ? No, there is no such thing for those valuable grasses." _ Thursday's Government Gazelle announces the divi sion of Grenvillesliire into three ridings—the west, the east, and the north. 