y OLLA PODRIDA. il CihDiDAToniAL FtTNNniEïfTs.-Without a doubt, «rt, man of the poriod" ia Mr G. A. Lloyd ¡ mid if no to talo lor granted all lie told tho eleetors of New ,rí ! |Jit weck, he can chango his opinions muoh easier X n a leopard changes his spots. Not only has Mr ff rd gained by travel on almost unheard of amount of ifffledge which ho in tho most liberal spirit' imparts to u fellow colonists ; not only has ho fifty limps over tien himself down on ass, and adopted tho opinions Mirers persons on almost every known subject ; but u ktu evidently forgotten more than moat people ever Z.w. and so, society must lament that a hugo quantity of doubt useful information is lost to them, like the art :? j.jning glass, and other relics of tho dark ages, lie's nerfect wonder, is Mr G. A. Lloyd, whether we luke him, be tells us, in tho Bhape of a wonderfully great fool tone time, and a wonderfully clever fellow nt.another ¡ «i the easily persuaded, facilo, and pliable searoher 'Lr novelty, who is willing and roady to believe that urone else is wiser, than himaolf. This is a raro faculty ¿lt Ur ¿. possesses; and the Newcastle people ought to L delighted to have a member whose obstinacy, ut any le will never got him into a Borape,' and proud to bo Presented DV an admirable Crichton-"a mai who LLJ but everything." Mr Lloyd having lost money in ¿¡¡ge dolormined that this was a' bod speculation, and A¿¿'would have nothing more to do with it; but nins to California, ho disoovorod that the reason ho had ?iaade inst ead of lost money, was becauso he was a «niiff" ""d tnat l'10 °'8ver Arnerioans made colossal Manes out of tho samo industry. Our Australian at ccf in his own mind, sees himself transformed into a ¿¡ter man ; and believes ia mining as a legitimate and Htlsm medium of making a pile. . Now, tho quostion rib mo is, will Mr Lloyd be nblo to transform himself il will from a man of small talent to ono of immonso ¡¡¡ii as o man of oommerce ? I nevor knew' any private mtleman to bo moro improvod by travol than this ono S been, according to his own account ; and tho Now ailie folk must toko ooro ond not make "gufflns" of linmelvcs by rejecting this travelled thane for so common u individual as Sir James Martin. Its long since I md of anyono who was so thoroughly well informed ass evory subject that can possibly bo brought before a ftrlisment ; and I quito expect, if Mr Lloyd ' is elected, «shall soon soo the Boat of government moved from Sidney to Newcastle. But I am glad to note that the rouaty of Northumberland is not dependent upon other rices for representatives. There's plenty of " nativo Unt" thoro ; if one may judge from the three candi- otes who held meetings last week. Tho " great gun," Hr Cleveland-a very tygar, Sir, at figars, Sir. A jücal reformer to tho book bono, is Mr Cleveland ¡ and ¡don't envy tho Government officer, whoso salary has to b! roted by such a cutting-down tyke as he. Bishops, i'Jie;, govornors, et hoc genus omne, come in aliko for B out-and-out retronohment soborno; and ho rushes ¿ag headlong, without muoh oaring wl.ethor he ¿ right on his side or not. I was not aware, Ware Mr Cleveland said so, that tho Bishop. of Goulburn has £2,000 a year, but thought that fco £800 to £1,000 was noarer the mark. Thore's one rttjolation we have, I am glad to say j ond with it I will Lite Mr Cleveland. The slightest ohanoo doos not dist of his finding his way into the Assembly at pre mt, even for Northumbria. ' You must not, if you ¿tue, expect mo to go in to-day for any elaborate riiietr of tho election speeches so far os tho woek will bte seen them through. If tho truth must be known, u of course it muet, I am writing boforo ovon East Sidney has reoorded its verdict, and tho fato of Parkes nd Cowper, of Nealo and Buchanan is decided. I h aro tided some days ago through tho flnQist of names that bte done honour to Sir James Marj3f£nnd Mr Parkes; ai I thought with satisfaction what a fine thing it is tait these people can't do as muoh harm to the country u they do good to the S. M. H. proprietors. I usually j»; very Httlo attention to suoh.list names, well knowing (ii/aro tho most unreliablo things of the sort to bo tod anywhere ; and on tho presont ocoasion I havo the h«t reason for knowing that tho candidates have, so far tithe invitation goes, been honoured with quito tho pro- per percentage of dummy support. Whether these importers, when brought to the ballot box, have awaged to " remember tho number of their mess," or whether it has boon necessary to remind thom where their qualification is situât o, I have not taken tho trouble toenau/re; but it is quite possible thoy have mado tho same iterating enquiry as did the free and independent gentle mn when ho wanted to know, so you told UB once bc foro, "»hera tho dicken's tho Field of Mara ?" Whichevor way Que things may have gone, however, there can bo no dight of tho eplondacious supornacular quality 'of tho itaff that Parkes and Buchanan gave the electors to IHIIOIT tho other night at their meeting. Talk about hokum and arch-humbug' why, even Parkes never gave licha splendid illustration of both as he did then ; and l'a sure no one oise can como up to him. In my journey through lifo I have never como across such a »loletalo pioco of conceited olap-trap as tho great Henry tirang together on this last opportunity ; and if he didn't ulonish himself, ho satisfactorily porformed that opera- tion on David. For the first timo in his long and mntfal career, the latter most wondorful talkor conies ni himself knocked out of timo by tho convincing (îojiienee of tho "gentleman who preceded him." _ He isa never beforo hoard suoh a powerful address; and would have preferred remaining silont to following his Mend, if lia was expected to come in tho same style. So spoke tho courtly David ; but he didn't romain silent as to himself or his doings. Ho told tho East Sidney electors how they Bhould bo proud to have for their representative a man who had boon received in England with tho greatest consideration by tho leading itstesmen of tho day (by-lha-byo, he didn't tell how he was done by in Scotland)-who had per- formed tho wondorful feat . of being called to tho Bar-had been asked his opinion on tho discstab liihing of tho Irish Ohuroh-hod boon consulted by Lowe cn Financo, by Childers touching tho quantity of " 30 o.p." tobo allowed to the jolly tars of tho Flying Squadron; and had vowed himsolf to tho service of his Country and his Queen, whether the latter appointed him by letters patent, Governor and Admiral in Chiof, ind Cardinal in petto, of the Gold OooBt ond Tongataboo, or tho grateful and admiring country might" find it idrisablo to present him with a silk gown as Attornoy General, and. Dtfender of tho faith, for the honorable (Kiely of "Thavio's Inn." East Sydney oeknowlodgod tell caught ; David was, for tho momont a hero, wived with opon arms, unanimously accepted as the lijof the Martin-Parkes tail, and himsolf accepting tho dignified position with.tho same graooful oleganco aa i at least two thirds of those thousands of names, had btw specially obtninod on his account. " Suoh is lifo !" ind it is fair to Bay that no one over enjoyed it more Pftfeelly, après sa inamere than David, the honored of Anglind, tho choson of Sydney Enat. Now as to Parkes, Ita aristocrats crowd who havo lately received dispen WIOM at tho hands of tho Judges, havo been sending tp heir orisons for his elevation boforo long-timo to the pt of Colonial Secretory. They know he must have tn phalanx of dotectivoa, to find out " Moro's nests" and m those interesting reliques; and thoy also, know by iipericnco that ho usually chooses his' " Aides" from "nong »tho Bounding Bricks of Darlinghurst." He iinjii doos things fair square and above boord, and toni care for Office, as I hoard- a friend rt hu saying tho othor .day, whon running down warley Cowper and Jaok. As for tho fair and square part ortho business, I couldn't help pointing especially »an imaginary portrait of Mr -:-tho stenographic protestor., seated behind tho door bf O'Forrell's coll; and tMugat hat was exoollont bvidonoe of what Parkes will « l ao whenan ond has to bo gained, and that end looks S t 1 ! 1 can'b unT0 Porros shoved down my >Z I r "P'^-down- straight, openhanded states iil,.* A ?.r.09 tl,Í8 tIlin8 goos, David had reason to ho Sr«Pi » 18 oomP<»ny.' Sir James was not prosont in Z J 7 ough híí "Pirit "overod round, and lie was «cuses from addrosBing tho mooting. Doubtless his P.,"? >la<1 well oomiderod. Knowing how that nraeiand David could talk quito.onough for one night ; linn» .î"1^' bMldMt 0 wholoBomo disHko to take a place 'ragsmo two euch ill-assorted incongruities. Martin J» .'ii .i nB n,ncP°n°°. He's had almost enough to j 'V.T »i .?J"ror,d renowned looturor Henry Parkes. ¿"".' ,7a?.ka" to11 'I"» truth 1" resounds through h.T \T.îljr.«troc* of Windsor town, and the S,l"'".'""mbof tho law is put to tho pin of his a»»nM?°?,.uro UP on °PPoront disregard of tho adverso u mZl 'V8 aet in> N° doubt ¡l's light work for tho dS r*wUonîU tho great/amííy influences of tho wir f..ri° ?rrBV°a in opposition to him'; and ovon his "?" "\b\T hih t0 P°int to on effectual romody. I li h?nP0Ct,.tlmt Windsor will this time give " Vauka" S ..Bi-mdeM' ,ïïe'" hod ° Pr°tty long run, and done ir« « '. "? good- Sir Jo,n08 Martin didn't moot with been «ti n,nlro00Ptîon at Nowoastlo, and must havo lb» »t w ?ha îhsn °therwi.e to get awoy. He didn't H»»«Hut Sydney nomination on Thursday, whore J 1 M «ie howling idiolt " would have been delighted to se him. Parke« and David woro not the! popular candi date«, notwithstanding their declaration of independent and utter regardlessness of self 'Xhosa two ruthe flaming politicians must think the electors a lot of arran fools. - Parkos begins by saying ho novor sought nny thing from any Government ; but doesn't say how lu got to England to do that lecturing business j and lu seems to think everybody must forget how ho ohangoc his opinion between Gavan Duffy and the Kiama ghost TIIÍB ¡B cheeky enough for anything ; but Buohanan i worse by long odds. Many years hnvo passed. durinj whioh Parkos's opinions havo changed as ho says ; whili it seems but tho othor day since. David championet Fenians hero in Sydney j and found no length too far foi him to go in speaking of tho wrongs of Ireland, ant striving to. moko tho Irishmen of Now South Wales dis satisfied with their lot. Now he's got alongside o "Panjuggler;" and will give ovoryone fits who sàyi Ireland ever had a wrong. Dootor Long tried to maki him respectable, and recommended him for Sydnoj West ; but David left his venerable and deaoivod friont in tho lurch, and throw himself into tho arms of Marth and Parkes-especially Parkes. ' Tho Roverend Dootoi ought now to repudiate all connection with tho !' Youn¡ Barristor." Oowpor had a fino reception on Wodnosda; night at " the Vic," and made a roally tolling speed) There, could bo no doubt of his popularity boin; unimpaired, and it quito reminded mo of old times seeing the enthusiasm of tho immonso crowd of listeners Of course they woro" not all voters ¡ but they woro " tin Publio ;" and no throats wera held out of cnuCKiNO ou dissentients, as was done at tho rival mooting a fe» nights ago. Dalley oamo to the front with ono of hil masterly pieces of oloquonco, that toll so well with ar audience ; and didn't ho walk into the Opposition ant thoir tactics? You know ho just can do so whon ho likes and ho was in tho.humour. AU tho Ministers almosi woro thoro and spoke, as did tho Ministerial candidatoi for Sydney West; and altogether tho meeting wai decidodly tho most perfect success I havo soon ir Sydney for many and many a day. Mr Archibald Thompson is in the field against "old Nopean' of that ilk ; and a very good address h< has published. Scorning the used up hack neyed phraseology, and . ad captandttm argu monta, by which the blaze Boat-sookor attompts to gull tho profanum vulgos, Mr Thompson has taken a lino ol his own, and in a few original and very sensible sentence« liga worked through all the subjects at present undet agitation. I should have liked to seo him try olsewhero than against my sago friend "Tobias," became I want the latter to keep his seat ; and both can't got in ; but I must compliment tho new aspirant on tho great su- periority ofhis self-introduction over tho glaring charla' tanism, and impudent self-conceit Bont adrift by the Lloyds, tho Buchanans, the Parkscs, of this General Election. After reading tho abominable crammers, some of these tell on their own account, when thoro are " any dilberries hanging to it," ono finds it very hard to believe thoy eould accidentally toll tho truth, whon the country's business ÍB at stake. To-morrow (I'm just 'finishing this off late on Thursday night,) will give tho first heavy blow to one eido or othor, by moans of thc ballot boxes of East Sydney and Newcastle-and although I have a anonking regard for some candidates moro than others, I must soy that whoevor gets in for oithor of tliOBC constituencies is no matter of very small moment indeed to-Fuzuos. OUR STHEET.-Tho Aldormanio Elections oamo oil 'midst a great deal of excitement, on Thursday; and have genorally givon satisfaction. After the outcry of " now blood," &c;, &c;, only two fresh hands have. , gone in, Messrs Butler and Hurley having been beaten by Messrs 'Green and Bown, respectively. . Mr Greon polled by many tho largest number of votes reoorded for any candidato. Tho majority was largo in overy oaso but that of Phillip Ward ; where tho smallest number of voters went to tho poll, and Mr Bown had a majority of 'only 49¡but of 1063 votes, tho I'iokaxo majority was '463-or 163 more than all that voted for Yard. Mr Bon Palmor had no show against Mackintosh ; and tho pcopla of Macquarie Ward seemed dead to tho influence of Ilia London and Paris experience. I believe if " Ben" had got in, wo should soon havo Been a Sydney rival to tho Islington Cattle Market, and a Fish Emporium ? that 'would "bang Billingsgate." I knew, though, that Mackintosh wasn't easily got rid of. In Brisbano Ward Mr Day polled two for ono ovor Fitzpatrick ; although, the winner's friends had done him an ill turn by issuing 'a great placard of a sectarian character ; and this preven- ted many people voting for Day. Somo said tho Enemy had dono it ; but aa the Day party published no contra- diction on thoir own aooount, ITront do Bouf thought it was their own handiwork. I heard that Day's oloction, and Ben Palmor's cost botweon thom something less than a couplo of thousand ; but I wasn't ablo os yet to arrive at particulars. I know that tho advertising exponaos of tho newly electod Alderman for Brisbano Ward must havo boon immense. Tho honor is great and well wortl: paying for. Carohor and Murphy got in without oppo- sition ; but I'll bo lfangbd if I don't Mr Barlo» would most certainly havo beaton tho latter, if ho had seen it out with him. So wo have all tho Aldermen at their posta ; and now, tho gro.it question in Wynyard square is, WIIO'B to bo Mayor ? Tho Wost Sydney con- test onco over, thou wo shall seo how the cat jumps in the affair of choosing a Chief Magistrato for "Our Stroot." I seem to think that a sensible alderman should mako a good Mayor ; and I novor found ono ol them come out of uldermanio difficulties, and show more sonao-and good sense, too-than Alderman Chapman Through all tho rows I'vo soon, heard, and road of, 1 hover knew him make a fool of himself ; and ho stands almost singular heroin. I feel convinced that Alderman Chapman would make a good Mayor, and I'd liko well to seo him tried. Besides, it's quite his turn. Thoro'e ho absoluto necessity for electing tho sumo man two 01 three times over, though suoh a fashion has orison. I'm quito glad to seo all that dangorous work between thc Markets noarly finished ; for I'vo been afraid of passing under' thoro over since tho mon arid things havo com- menced tumbling down from tho giddy height. Its lucky, arid moro than that, that no ono has boen killed outright. No sign jct of beautifying tho Georgo-stroot_ sido of the central look-up buildings ; and when thorp will bo I'B hard to say. Its high time. Saint Andrew's day, though not a Government holiday, produced several pic-nice ; and one by tho Oddfellows at Penrith brought together twelvo or fifteen hundred persons. Tho vernie was on Mr York's land, at the raoooourse, tho owner having very kindly given tho uso of tho ground for the occasion ; and there tho visitors arrived by spocial train about noon. . Th'en.commbncod all kinds pf sports, which woro kept up with groat spirit; and thon there waB an excellent eproad got up in good style, and at a very reasonable rata ; and then the sports were gone at again till after six o'olook, when tho forcos were marshalled to tho train; and by sovon all had started for Sydney. No hitch, no accident occurred. All arrived at homo in good order ; and tito Oddfellows, speak in terms of satisfaction of thoir St. Andrew's pio-nio 1869. Hia honor the Chief Justice has been talking too fast; and writing too fast, to try and undo tho mischief. No doubt his Honor waa wrong, or ciao two roportorB would not havo been of .tho self samo opinion ; but the old gentleman has got into a way of carrying things with a very high hoad, and no doubt thinks ho has a porfoot right to havo bis way in all things. Asl said before, ho appears to havo'modo a grophus. Mr W. S, Lyster is coming with a grand Italian Opora Troupe, of whoso excellence he writos in complimentary terms. Four of tho artistes aro Italian ; and tho Contralto ia MÍBS Chambers, a lady of Sydney, who has raado a great nama both in England and Italy within tho last few years. Mr Arohibold Thompson had hiB first field day ns'Returning Officer on Thursday before a largo number of spectators. Ho performed well bis duties, and tho crowd waa an ordprly one, thoro boing no Martin thoro to rouse tho howling propoiiBitios of tho East Sydney idiots. Tho Government bundi woro well roooivod, which was moro than can bo said for tho Opposition, who got a powerful hooting ; although tho BIIOW of hands, WOB partially in favour of Parkos and Buohanan. Ono of tho independent candidates covered himself with glory by seconding his own nomination, and then making a speech full forty minutes long. Tho South Head Road and Surrey Hille contingent ought to be very proud of their " Cover." It has Btruok mo, how convenient it would bo if tho samo system of nominating members of Parliament, was in voguo boro os in Mel- bourne There, thoy havo no spooohes, no orowd, no oxcitomout ; each candidato being nominatod in writing to tho lloturhing Officer, by whioh means all danger'of collision is done away with ; and no one hos to' accept at tho last moment tho disagreeable altornativo of pro- posing or seconding himsolf. Elections make all things else dull in "Our Street," I havo little to say.-FBONT DE BOSCI'. 