NEW SOUTH WALES. (From the S. It. Herald of the 16th instant.) TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION WITH ENGLAND AND AMERICA. Last night Mr E. C. Cracknell read a paper before the Royal Society on the subject of telegraphic communication between Australia, India, Europe, and America. Mr Cracknell points out that only one or two short sections are now requisite to complete the circuit between Sydney and London; and he estimates that that portion in which Australia is chiefly concerned — namely, from the Gulf of Carpentaria to the Island of Java, a distance of 1900 miles — could be laid for £500,000. It appears that Mr A. Frazer has applied to the Government of Netherlands India |for a concession to land a cable on the east coast of Java, to connect Australia, under a subsidy or guarantee. Mr Frazer proposes to ask from the Governments of the Australian colonies a guarantee of 7 per cent, on a moiety of the cost of construction, and the amount which they would thus be asked to contribute is set down at £17,500. The proportion payable by New South Wales would simply be £4375, in the event of the traffic not paying a dividend of 7 per cent, over and above the working expenses. ACCIDENT TO THE CAItANDINIS. The Maryborough Chronicle states that an accident happened to the Caran dinis, at a place twenty-two miles from TW^n.rvhnrnno'li Tho tv\onh mats ernli\tr nt the rate of about ten miles an hour on a smooth road, when it came in contact with a tree. Miss Rosina Carandini, who was riding outside for the benefit of the fresh air, was thrown among the horses, but marvellously escaped with only a few bruises. Miss Fanny Caran dini was thrown forward against one of the bars that support the roof of the coach, and had her cheek badly cut. A DESPERATE CASE OF CATTLE STEAL IVO. The Yass Courier reports that a case of cattle stealing of the description which is technically known as ' death by the round swamp' occurred last week at Pudman — the scene of many a similar offenee. The present one is if anything worse than any that has preceded it, as on-- of the deliquents, not content with stealing, was nearly adding murder to his crime. An old man named M'Goon, who has some cattle on the Pudman, missed a beast, and suspecting what had become of it, went to Mrs Fuller's place, which we understand is no great distance from his own, and there discovered a man, who goes by the name of Black Harry, and who had been living with mm, in tne act, assisted by Airs Fuller, of hoisting up on the gallows the carcase of the missing beast. On seeing M'Goon, Mrs Fuller called out to Black Harry, who is something more to the woman than mere butcher, to shoot the ? , upon which Harry discharged a shot from a gun at old M'Goon, who of course retreated with all possible expedition. Mrs Puller, however, followed him with an axe, intending, as she said to do for the old wretch. M'Goon succeeded in getting away safely, and went into Burrowa, where he procured a warrant for Black Harry and the woman, both of whom were arrested by sergeant Cornett and constable Murphy. The man has been committed to take his trial, and the woman remanded for fur ther evidence, bail being taken for her appearance, Mr Stuart and Mr Beck, the poundkeepor, entering into the required recognisance. The name of Fuller must be familiar to those who attended the Yass sessions some years ago. DIAMONDS. By the outgoing mail Messrs. Flavelle, Brothers, and Roberts, of George-street, are transmitting to London, a parcel of diamonds found in New South Wales — twenty stones weighing nine carats ; being, it is believed, the first shipment of any consequence of diamonds from Sydney to England. Some of these stones are apparently of a very pure water and of a good size ; one so large that it is expected it will cut to at least two carats. At the Victoria Club, yes terday, Mr George Rouse, of Birragatn bil, near Mudgee, exhibited to several gentlemen nine fine diamonds ; all found within one hundred yards from the banks of the Cudgegong. These diamonds were stated to have been the result of only one day's careful search. One of them weighed two and a-half carats. At the same club, in the evening. Mr Thomas Hale also exhibited a very fine diamond, found about five months ago at Braidwood. This beautiful gem weighed en brut, nearly two and a-half carats. It was sent home by Messrs. Hardy, Brothers, of Hunter-street ; and having been admirably cut in London (in the form of what is known as a ' table diamond ') has been returned to this colony. This fine gem, a diamond of the first water, now weighs about one carat, and is understood to be worth, in the trade, about fifteen pounds sterling. EXTRAORDINARY OCCURRENCES. We take the following from the Burrangong Argus of Saturday ; it reads remarkably ' sensational, but it is treated of seriously by the journalist : — In these enlightened times it seems al most an absurdity to talk about ghosts making their appearance, but the following statement of what has befallen three respectable men residing near Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as being no hoax. The three men referred to are splitting posts and rails for fencing at a place about four miles from Young, near the Three- mile and the old Duffer Rush. The first time they saw anything un usual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when they were much startled by seeing in the bush near their hut, a white object about the size of a cat, but ot no particular form. This extraordinary-looking object suddenly before their eyes sprung up into a white spectre about eight feet high. They called out to it, but could got no reply, struck it with a slick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them away, and one another. On another occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour on a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and, upon one waking up during the night, he was much surprised to find that the whole of the roof of the hut had been removed. On looking out he 6aw the spectre, but no one else was about, and they are all quite sure that neither on this or the former Occasion was it either a man or a woman. Its suddenly rising before their eyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite dumfounded them. Another night they were much surprised at seeing estrange, unearthly looking animal somewhat resembling a. dog, with a long chain attached to it. This animal came right in front of the hut, and commenced grinning at them, but, made no noise, cither by barking or otherwise, 6avo the occasional rattling of his chain. As the animal would not go away, one of the men (who was a good shot) loaded a gun, and fired the contents direct at the brute, but the shot took no effect upon it. The dog, or whatever it was, remaii ed for some considerable time. On another night the dog seemed to have returned, for they heard the rattling of a chain and a noise like what a dog would make when licking a plate. Upon looking outside, they saw that a plate which had been left there was in motion, but they could not see what caused it to be so, although they could, while looking, distinctly hear the same noise described above. They watched it for some time, the plate being kept in motion, and the noise being distinctly heard as if the plate was being licked by some animal. On Sunday last these men came into Young, and upon one of them returning in the evening he found the door of the hut pulled down and its contents brought outside and left there. Two out of the three men are well known to us, and we feel confident tlmt what they have stated may be relied upon as the truth. A shepherd told these men that some time ago two men who were splitting- there quarrelled, and one killed the other with an axe, and after wards fell a tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordinary for the murdered man's ghost to make its appearance. The men will most probably be in town to-night, when we shall hear further particulars. 