HOW MARK TWAIN WAS SOLD IN NEWARK. . The Neewark Press contains :the following exposition of what Mark Twain terms "A Wicked Fraud," perpetrated on him during his visit to that city :-It is seldom pleasant to tell on oneself, but sometimes it is a sort of relief to a man to make a sad confession. I wish to unburden my mind now, and yet I almost believe that I am moved to do it more because I long to bring censure upon another man than because I desire to pour balm upon my wounded heart. .(I don't know what balm is, but I believe it is the correct expression to use in this connection--never having seen any balm.) You may remember that I lectured-iu Newark lately for the young gentlemen of the Clayoniatn Society 1 1 did at any rate. During the afternoon of ,that, day I was talk ing with one of the young gentlemen just referred to, and he said hehad an uncle who from some cause or othler seemed .to have grown permanently bereft of all -emotion. And with tears in his eyes this young muan said, ' Oh, if I could only see him laugh once .more ! Oh, if I could only see him weep !' I wats touched. I could. never withstand distress. .1 said, 'Bring him to mty lecture. I'll start hit : for you.' A Oh, if I could but do it, if you could.but do it, allt our family would, bless. you. for evermore -for he is .so very dear: to -us. Oh; my benefactor, can you make hin laugh.? can you bring soothing tears to those parched .orbs T' I was profoundly moved. I'said : ' My son, bring the old party around... I Ihave got some jokes in that lecture that will make hit .laugh if there is any laughin him, and if they: miss fire, I have got some -others that will nmke himt cry or kill him, one or the other.' - Then the ytoug mtan blessed me, and wept -on -my neck, and blew his nose on my coat tail, and went after.nhis uncle. He placed him ilr full view, and in the second row of.benches that night, and 1 began on himti. I tried hinm with mild jokes, then with severe ones, I dosed him with bad jokes,.and riddled him. with goold tones; I fired o.ld stale jokes into-him, and peppered him fore and aft with red.hot new ones; I warmed up to mily work, and as saulted himt right and left, in. front and behindt; I fumed..and sweated and. charged and routed till I. was hoarse and sick, and frantic and furious; but I never moved him once-I never started a smile or a tear ! Never a ghost of a smile, and never suspicion of moisture!t I was astounded.., I: closed the lecture at last with one despairing shriek -with one wild burst of humour, and hurled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him. Then I sat down bewildered and exhausted. Thel ,resident of, the society came, up and bathed my head with. cold,:owater atnd.said, ' What tiade you carry; on ,so towards the 'lastt 1.,1 said I.- was ,trying,: to tmake that confoiunded old fo?l laugh in.the second row;. and he said,. ' Well, you were wasting .your time, because he is deaf and dutmb, and, as blind as a baidger.' Now, was that any.way for that old tuain's uephew :to itupose ott a stranger and orphan like me 7?. I silmply ask. you, as a matn and a brother, if that was any way ftr hintt to do 1 