OUR SYDNEY CORRESPONDENT. I don't know whothor my readers will thank mo or no, but I intend to devoto the first portion of this letter to a slight description of tho doings and sayings of certain honourable members in tho Macquarie-streot Hall of wisdom this afternoon. I can hardly promise to give you any of tho speeches verbatim, or oven in a condoused form, so if you expect to enjoy (?) the porusal of Isaac's Billingsgate orEagar's long-winded rhetoric, you aro doomed to disappointment. I merely con tent myself with a brief resume of tho proceed ings, as in fault of a now Fenian conspiracy, or the demolition of another cathedral. I have really but little news wherewith to fill my al lotted space. In the absence of Mr. Parkes who, it will bo remembered, moved tho adjourn ment of the Houso on Wednesday, and was therefore expected to open tho attack on Thurs day. Mr. lllawarra Stewart treatod us to a very lugubrious oration against tho second reading of tho Duncan Pension Bill. Mr. Parkes was ro ported to be ill, and 'tis somewhat curious that hon. members aro often subjects to attacks whenever they have a disagreeable duty in hand. He shortly after made his appearance, however, and looked as though he had for tho nonce undertaken the inpersonation of tho ghostly character of the ' Kiama ghost.' After u short speech from Mr. Terry, Mr. Garrett came down like a thousand of bricks, and dilated somewhat strongly upon tho absurdity of attempting to prove that because tho Customs receipts wore moro in December than in the month in which Mr. Duncan was ousted from office, that a for tiori, Mr. Berney, was a more efficient Colloctor of Customs than Mr. Duncan. It is well known that at certain periods of tho year the number of ships arriving in harbour is greatly increased, which, alone, accounts for any increase in ono month's receipts more than another. Mr. Wal ker, of Windsor followed, but as his speech was utterly devoid of point or argumont, it is un worthy of more notice. Ho sat down however, evidently well pleased with himself, and after complacently patting his own cheek, ho loft tho House for tho purpose of rofreshing tho inner man, and returned presently with his mouth as full of somo of Dettman's good creature comforts as though ho were little Jack Homer himself, attempting to swallow all the plums in his pan tomimic pie. Mr. Parkes gave him an encourag ing, though very ghastly smile, shook hands with his worshipper DeSalis and retired. Mr. Forster, the Minister for Lands, next spoke and took up the cudgols in behalf of poor ill- used Dunean. In aterso and logical speech he dwelt severely upon Mr. Eagar for rakiug up faults of the past twenty five years againstMr. Duncan — faultB which were in reality but those of over zeal and on tho side of tho public. He identified himself with the in terests of the public so much as to render himself unpopular with certain merchants to whom he was stern and unbending, instead of currying popularity with them by a neglect of duty. Mr. Forster asked Mr. Eagar whether all the faults of Mr. Duncan weighed half as heavily as did the charges against himself as Colonial Treasurer of tho late Government ? Whether the misappro priation of public money in cab-hire, picnics, bonusses to over-paid extra clerical assistants, travelling exponcos, &c;, -&c;, &c;, whicli misap propriation was severely commented upon by his leader, Mr. Martin, was an 'unjustifiablo expen diture 1' Whether acts liko these did not weigh far heavier than any display of infermity of tumnor or over-zeal on tho nart of Mr. Duncan. and whether inenormity and heinoiiBiiess they wore not very far inferior to the acts of intoler ance and lavish waste of public funds committed by tho minister who ventured to bring forward theso charges? No wonder that Mr. Walker rose with such precipitation as almost to fall over into tho lap of De Salis to a point of order. Mr. Forster's argumont was bearing too hot and tel ling. Sorry I am that I could not stay longer to hear the finish of Mr. Forster's roally grand speech. How favourably rhetoric liko this contrasts with tho brainless milk and water efforts of honorable members gcncnillyf Because :v gentleman connected with tho Civil Service of this colony, who has served his full torin of thirty years, has chosen to retire, in ac cordanoc with tho provisions of tho Superannua tion Act, a number of carpers are biting and s uurling at his heels, envious of his good fortune, or rather wishful to deuy him. his rights. Mr. Thompson, tho gentleman alluded to, was chrk to tho Legislative Assembly, and during his long term of office, in that capacity, reaped for him self tho good opinion of all with whom he camo in contact. He now avails himself of what I consider a perfectly honest and just law, and re tires to spend tho remainder of his days free from the corking cares of official life. What is thero in this that Hircius and Spungius should sneer and snap at j For my life I cannot see, but wish 'Mr. Thompson health and long life to enjoy his well-earat leisure Keqiriescat hi pace, ^.wW-. : ? I ~ ! What do you think of a third comic weekly in Sydnoy ? I noticed in one of your recent issues that a correspondent lifted up his hands in sur prise at tho idoa of Sydnoy supporting two comic papors. My dear Mr. Correspondent, allow mo to lot you into a littlo secret. Sydney does not support two comic journals. Shu supports turn, and- tho mune.of that one in Punch. As for the. Colonial Society, that is supported by ? tho ' Lord knows who.' No. 3is to mivku its ap pearanco;in Ja few days, and if all 1 hear be cor rect, it i's to be entitled 'The Gliost.' I give it three months to live. Am I not generous ! What do yon think about Mr. Robert Stew art's idea of a raiiwiay to connect Sydnoy with Newcastle?; Do you want it. I fancy nqt, as long as ypu have such a regular and efficientconi munication by water. 1 think they had bettor tack the seventy miles on to tho end of tho Mur rurundi extension; What say you 'I In matters theatrical, I have to report tho ' saino-old tuno' at tho Prince of Walos, in tho shape of tho Pantomime, which still continues to draw fair houses, much to Messrs. Hoakins and Dind's delight. At the Victoria, thoro is moro novelty ami larger audiences. 1 said in my last that Madame Duret had appoarud, . and had created a ' grout sensation ;' — many actrossos have also done so at the outset, but have nut boon able to 'keep up the paco.' Not so with Madamo Duret ; every night sees her grow inorb and moro into tho favour of tho Sydnoy public. Last Monday night, on tho production of ' Tho Octoroon,' thero was tho largest attendance I have ever seen in Sydnoy ; in fact,; hundreds wore turned away from tho dooi's. Tuesday night, a largo hbnso ; Wednesday night, ano ther ; Thursday night, another, a_s'l can tostify, for I have been thero every niglit, and am charmud with tho grace, and tho porfectly natural acting of the charming lady I speak of. As Wah-no-tio, the Indian, she has full play for her magnificent pantomimic gestures, almost, if not ciuito ' as eloquent as words.' Altogether, tho ' old Vic.' has taken a new lease of life. , The manner in which the playgoing folks of Sydney have como foward to support the management under the direction of Miss Rosa Cooper and Mr. Lionel Harding, demonstrates beyond a doubt tho amount of public confidence these artistes have acquired during thoir sojourn in our midst. Notwithstanding the low prices, the pieces, with out exception, have been well-mounted, well cast, and admirably played. Sydnoy, Jan. 14. 