The Novelist. ANNE HEREFORD. CHAPTER XII. BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE." MR. BARLEY turned and walked rapidly back. I struck into the nearest side walk I could find that would bring me to the open grounds, and nearly struck against Mr. Chandos. "Are you alone, Miss Hereford ? I surely heard voices.'' "A gentleman met me, sir, and spoke." "A gentleman—in this remote part of the grounds !" he repeated, looking keenly at me, as a severe expression passed momentarily across his face. "Was it any one you knew ?" "It was he who came into the broad walk, and whom you ordered out—the new tenant. He is gone now." "He ! I fancied so," returned Mr. Chandos, the angry flush deepening. And it seemed almost as though he were angry with me. "I found out the walk by accident, sir, and I met him in it. He stopped and accosted me with several questions, which I thought very rude of him." "What did he ask you ?" "He wished to know my name, who I was, and what I was doing at Chandos ; but I did not satisfy him. He then inquired about the family, asking what members of it were at home." "And you told him ?" "There was no need to tell him, sir, for he mentioned the names to me: yourself, Lady, and Mrs. Chandos." "Ethel ! he mentioned her, did he ! What did he call her ?—Mrs. Chandos ?" "He did not mention her by name, sir; he said 'daughter-in-law.' " I did not tell Mr. Chandos that the designation made an impres- sion upon me, establishing the supposition that Mrs. Chandos was a 'daughter-in-law.' "And pray what did he call me ?" "Harry Chandos." "Well, now mark me, Miss Hereford. That man accosted you to worm out what he could of our every-day life at home. His name is Barley —Edwin Barley. He is a bitter enemy of ours, and if he could pick up any scrap of news or trifle of fact that he could by possibility turn about and work so as to injure us, he would do it." "But how could he, sir ?" I exclaimed, not understanding. "His suspicions are no doubt aroused that— that—I beg your pardon, Miss Hereford," he abruptly broke off, with the air of one who has said more than be meant to say. "These mat- ters cannot interest you. You—you did not tell Mr. Barley what I imparted to you this morning, touching myself ?" "Oh, Mr. Chandos, how can you ask the question ? Did I not promise you to hold it sacred ?" "Forgive me," he gently said ; "nay, I am sorry to have pained you." He had pained me in no slight degree, and the tears very nearly rose in my eyes. I would rather be beaten with rods than have my good faith slighted. I think Mr. Chandos saw some- thing of this in my face. "Believe me, I do not doubt you for a mo- ment ; but Edwin Barley, in all that regards our family, is canning and crafty. Be upon your guard, should he stop you again, not to betray aught of our affairs at Chandos, the little daily occurrences of home life. A chance word, to all appearance innocent and trifling, might work incalculable mischief to us, even ruin. Will you remember this, Miss Hereford ?" I promised him I would, and went back to the house, he continuing his way. At the end of the privet-walk a gate led to the open coun- try, and I supposed Mr. Chandos had business there. As I reached the portico a gentleman was standing there with the butler, asking to see Lady Chandos. It was Mr. Jarvis, the curate. "My lady is sick in bed, sir," was Hickens' reply, his long, grave face giving ample token that he held belief in his own words. "I am sorry to hear that. Is her illness serious ?" "Rather so, sir, I believe. Mrs. Hill fears it will be days before her ladyship is down again. She used to be subject to dreadful bilious at- tacks : I suppose it's one of them come back again." The curate gave in a card, left a message, and departed. So it appeared that Hill was regaling the servants with the same story that she had told me. I could have spoken up, had I dared, and said there was nothing the matter with the health of Lady Chandos. At 6 o'clock I went down to dinner, wonder- ing who would preside. I have said that no ceremony was observed at Chandos, the every- day life was simple in the extreme. Since the departure of Emily de Mellissie we had sat in the oak- parlour, and all the meals were taken there. In fact there was nobody to sit but my- self. Lady Chandos had been mostly in the west wing ; Mr. Chandos out, or in his study ; Mrs. Chandos I never saw. The servants were placing the soup on the table. In another mo- ment Mr. Chandos came in. "A small company, this evening, Miss Here- ford ; only you and I," he laughed, as we took our seats. "Is Lady Chandos not sufficiently well to dine, sir, " I asked. "She will eat something, no doubt. Hill takes care of her mistress. I met her carrying up the tray as I came down." "I hope I am not the cause of your dining down stairs," I rejoined, the unpleasant thought striking me that it might be so. "Perhaps, but for me, you would take your dinner with Lady Chandos ?" "Nothing of the sort, I assure you. Were it not for you, I should sit here in solitary state, and eat my lonely dinner with what appetite I might. And a solitary dinner is not good for the digestion, the doctors tell us. Did any one call while I was out, Hickens ?" "Only Mr. Jarvis, sir. I think he wanted to see my lady about the new schools. He was very particular in asking what was the matter with her, and I said I thought it might be one of those old bilious attacks come on again. My lady had a bad one or two at times, years ago, sir, you may remember." "Ay," replied Mr. Chandos ; but it was all the comment he made. "Is Lady Chandos subject to bilious attacks ?" I inquired of Mr. Chandos. "Not particularly. She has been free from them latterly." "Did you know, sir," continued Hickens, "that we have had news of Mrs. Freeman ?" "No. When did it come ? I hope it's good." "Not very good, sir. It came half-an- hour ago. She had another fit to-day, in the forenoon, and it's certain now that she won't be able to come back here for a long while, if she is at all. The relation that she is with wrote to Mrs. Hill, who took up the note to my lady. Hill says, when she left her there were symptoms of a second attack coming on." Mr. Chandos leaned back for a moment in his chair, forgetful that he was at dinner, and not alone. He was in a reverie ; but, as his eye fell on me, he shook it off, and spoke. "Her not returning will prove an incon- venience to Mrs. Chandos." "I am afraid it will, sir," rejoined Hickens, who had fancied himself addressed ; though, in point of fact, Mr. Chandos had but uncon- sciously spoken aloud his thoughts. Hickens had been a long while in the family, was a faith- ful and valued servant, consequently he thought himself at liberty to talk in season and out of season. "I warned Mrs. Chandos' maid, sir, not to tell her mistress about Mrs. Freeman's being worse," he went on. "It would do no good, and only worrit her." Mr. Chandos slightly nodded, and the dinner then proceeded in silence. At its conclusion Mr. Chandos, after taking one glass of wine, rose. "I must apologise for leaving you alone, Miss Hereford, but I believe my mother will expect me to sit with her. Be sure you make yourself at home; and ring for tea when you wish for it." "Shall you not be in to tea, sir ?" "I think not. At all events, don't wait." Dreary enough was it for me, sitting in that great solitary room—not solitary in itself, but from want of tenants. I went and stood at the window. The wax lights were burning, but nothing but the muslin curtains were before the windows. There was no one to overlook the room ; comers to the house did not pass it ; the servants had no business whatever in the front ; and very often the shutters were not closed until bed-time. It was scarcely yet to be called dark : the atmos- phere was calm and clear, and a bright white light came from the west. Putting on a shawl, I went quietly out. It was nearly, for me, as dreary out of doors as in. All seemed still ; no soul was about ; no voices were to be heard ; no cheering lights gleamed from the windows. I was daring enough to walk to the end and look up at the west wing: a slight glimmering, as of fire, sparkled up now and again in what I had under- stood was Lady Chandos' sitting-room. Back to the east wing, and looked at the end of that. Plenty of cheerful blaze there, both of fire and candle ; and, once, the slight form of Mrs. Chandos appeared for a minute at the window, looking out. I passed on to the back of the house, by the servants' ordinary path, round the east wing. It was a good opportunity for seeing what the place was like. But I did not bargain for the great flood of light into which I was thrown on turning the angle. It proceeded from the corner room ; the windows were thrown wide open, and some maid-servants were ironing at a long board underneath. Not caring that they should see me, I drew under the cover of a projecting shed, that I believe belonged to the brew-house, and took a leisurely survey. Plenty of life here ; plenty of buildings ; it seemed like a colony. Lights shone from several windows of the long edifice—as long as it was in front. The entrance was in the middle ; a poultry-yard lay at the other end; a pasture for cows opposite ; the range of stables could be seen in the distance. Harriet and Emma were the two maids iron- ing ; Lizzy, a very dark young woman of thirty, with a bunch of wild-looking black curls on either side of her face, sat by the ironing-stove, doing nothing. These three, it may be remem- bered, have been mentioned as the house-maids. Another woman, whom I did not recognise, but knew her later for the laundry-maid, was at the back, folding clothes. They were talking fast, but very distinctly, in that half- covert tone which betrays the subject to be a forbidden one. The conversation and the stove's heat were alike wafted to me through the open window. "You may preach from now until to-morrow morning," were the first words I heard, and they came from Harriet; "but you will never make me believe that people's ghosts can appear before they die. It is not in nature's order." "His appears. I'll stand to that. And what's more I'll stand to it that I saw it last night !" cried Lizzy, looking up and speaking in strong, fierce jerks, as she was in the habit of doing. "I sat up in the bedroom sewing. It's that new black-silk polka of mine that I wanted to finish, and if I got it about down-stairs, Madam Hill would go on above a bit about finery. Emma got into bed and lay awake talking, her and me. Before I'd done, my piece of candle comes to an end, and I thought I'd go into Harriet's room and borrow hers. It was a lovely night, the moon shone slantways in at the turret window, and something took me that I'd have a look out. So I went up the turret stairs and stood at the casement. I'd not been there a minute before I saw it—the living image of Mr. Chandos !—and I thought I should have swooned away. Ask Emma." "Well I say it might have been Mr. Chandos himself, but it never was his ghost," argued Harriet. "You might be a soft, but I dare say you'd stand to it you are not," retorted Lizzy. "Don't I tell you that in the old days we saw that apparition when Mr. Harry was safe in his bed ? When we knew him to be in his bed with that attacked of fever he had ? I saw it twice then with my own eyes. And once, when Mr. Harry was miles and miles away—gone over to that French place where Miss Emily was at school —it came again. Half the household saw it ; and a fine commotion there was ! Don't tell me, girl ! I've lived in the family six years. I came here before old Sir Thomas died." There was a pause. Harriet, evidently not discomforted, whisked away her iron to the stove, changed it, and came back again, before she spoke. "I don't know anything about back times ; the present ones is enough for me. Did you see this, Emma, last night ?" "Yes, I did," replied Emma, who was a silent and rather stupid- looking girl, with a very retreating chin. "Lizzy came rushing back into the room, saying the ghost had come again, and I ran after her up to to the turret window. Something was there, safe enough." "Who was it like ?" "Mr. Chandos. There was no mistaking him : one does not see a tall, thin, upright man like him every day. There was his face, too, and his beautiful features quite plain ; the moon gave a light like day." "It was himself, as I said," coolly contended Harriet. "It was not," said Lizzy. "Mr. Chandos would no more have been dancing in and out of the trees in that fashion, like a jack-in-the box, than he'd try to fly in the air. It was the ghost at its tricks again." "But the thing is incredible," persisted Harriet. "Let us suppose, for argument's sake, that it is Mr. Chandos' ghost that walks, what does it come for, Lizzy ?" "I never heard that ghosts stooped to explain their motives. How should we know why it comes ?" "And I never heard yet that ghosts of live people came at all," continued Harriet, in re- crimination. "And I don't think anybody else ever did." "But you know that's only your ignorance, Harriet. Certain people are born into the world with their own fetches or wraiths, which appear sometimes with them, sometimes at a distance, and Mr. Chandos must be one. I knew a lady's maid of that kind. While she was with her mistress in Scotland, her fetch used to walk about in England, startling ac- quaintances into fits. Some people call 'em doubles." "But what's the use of them ?" reiterated Harriet; "what do they do ? That's what I I want to know." "Harriet, don't you be profane, and set up your back against spirituous things," rebuked Lizzy. "There was a man in our village, over beyond Marden, that never could be brought to reverence such ; he mocked at 'em like any heathen, saying he'd fight single-handed the best ten ghosts that ever walked, for ten pound a-side, and wished he could get the chance. What was the awful consequences ? Why that man, going home one night from the beer-shop marched right into the canal in mistake for his own house-door, and was drownded." Emma replenished the stove, took a fresh iron, singed a rag in rubbing it, and continued her work. The woman, folding clothes at the back, turned round to speak. "How was the notion first took up—that it was Mr. Chandos' ghost ?" "This way," said Lizzy, as if from her longer period of service in the family she assumed to know more than the rest. "It was about the time of Sir Thomas' death ; just before it, or after it, I forget which now. Mr. Harry—as he was mostly called when he was younger—was ill with that low fever; it was said something had worried him and brought the sickness on. My lady, by token, was poorly at the same time, and kept her rooms ; and, now that I remem- ber, Sir Thomas was dead, for she wore her widow's caps. At the very time Mr. Harry was in his bed, this figure, his very self, was seen at night in the grounds. That was the first of it." "If there's one thing more deceptive than another, it's night-light," meekly observed the woman. "The next time was about two years after that," resumed Lizzy, ignoring the suggestion. "Mr. Harry was in France, and one of the servants stopped out late one evening without leave : Pheby it was, who's married now. She had missed the train and had to walk, and it was between 12 and 1 when she got in, and me and Ann sitting up for her in a desperate fright lest Mrs. Hill should find it out. In she came, all in a fluster, saying Mr. Harry was in the shrubbery, and she was afraid he had seen her. Of course, we thought it was Mr. Harry come home, and that the house would be called up to serve refreshments for him. But nothing hap- pened ; no bells rang, and to bed we went. The next morning we found he had not come home, and finely laughed at Pheby, asking her what she had taken to obscure her eyesight— which made her very mad. Evening came, and one of them telegraph messages over the sea to my lady from Mr. Harry, proving he was in the French town. But law ! that night, there he was in the dark pine path again, walking up and down it, and all us maids sat up and saw him. My lady was ill again then, I remember ; she does have bad bouts now and then." "Do you mean to say you all saw him ?" questioned Harriet. "We all saw him, four or five of us," em- phatically repeated Lizzy. "Hickens came to hear of it, and called us all the simpletons he could lay his tongue to. He told Hill—least- ways, we never knew who did if he didn't—and didn't she make a commotion. If ever she heard a syllable of such rubbish from us again, she said, we should all go packing : and she looked up the turret-door, and kept the key in her pocket for weeks." "You see, what staggers one is that Mr. Chandos should be alive," said Harriet. "One could understand it if he were dead." "Nothing that's connected with ghosts, and them things, ought to stagger one at all," dis- sented Lizzy. "According to you, Lizzy, the ghost only ap- pears by fits and starts." "No more it does. Every two or three years, or so. Any way it has been once since the time I tell you of when Mr. Chandos was abroad, which is four years ago, and now it here again." "One would think you watched for it, Lizzy!" "And so I do. Often of a moonlight night, I get out of bed and go to that turret- window." Some one came quickly down the path at this juncture, brushing by me, as I stood in the shade. It was the still-room maid. She had a bundle in her hand, went on to the entrance, and thence came into the ironing-room. Hill followed her in ; but the latter remained at the back, looking at some ironed laces on a table, and not one of the girls noticed her presence. The still- room maid advanced to the ironing board, let fall her bundle on it, and threw up her arms in some excitement. "I say, you know Mrs. Peters, over at the brook ! Well—she's dead." "Dead !" echoed the girls, pausing in their work. "Why it was not a week ago that she was here." "She's dead. They were laying her out when I came by just now. Some fever, they say which took her off in no time ; a catching fever, too. A mortal fright it put me in, to hear that ; I shouldn't like to die yet awhile." "If fever has broke out in the place, who knows but it's fever that has taken my lady !" exclaimed Emma, her stupid face alive with consternation : and the rest let their irons drop on their stands. "All our lives may be in jeopardy." "Your places will be in greater jeopardy if you don't pay a little more attention to work, and leave off talking nonsense," called out the sharp voice of Mrs. Hill from the background. The servants started round at its sound, and the irons were taken up again. CHAPTER XIII DISTURBED BY MRS. CHANDOS No candles yet in Lady Chandos' rooms, but a great flood of light in those of Mrs. Chandos. The commotion in the ironing-room, following on the discovered presence of Hill, had given me the opportunity to come away, and so ex- change (not willingly) the gossipping cheerful- ness of the back, for the dreary front of the house. I had nearly laughed aloud at those foolish servant-girls : nevertheless, in what they had said there was food for speculation. For when Harry Chandos was a-bed, sick with fever; when he was over in France, with the broad sea and many miles of land between him and his home, how could they have seen him, or fancied they saw him, in these dark walks, night after night, at Chandos? Pacing the dark gravel walk from wing to wing, glancing, as I passed, each time, through the window-panes and the muslin curtains into the oak-parlor, where the solitary tea waited, I thought over it all, and came to the conclusion that, taking one curious thing with another, something was uncanny in the place. How long should I have to stay at it ?—how long would it be before Emily de Mellissie came back to me ? The hall-door stood open, and the hall-lamp threw its light across the lawn in a straight line. lt seemed like a ray of company amid the general dreariness. I took a fancy to walk along the pleasant stream, forgetting or unheeding the dew that might lie on the grass. On getting to the other side, I stood a moment at the top of the pine-walk, and then advanced a few steps down it. Some one was there before me. A white figure—or it looked—was flitting about ; and I gave a great start. What with the night-hour, the solitary loneliness of all around, the soft sighing sound from the branches of the trees, and the servant-girls' recent talk of the "ghost," I am not sure but I began to think of ghosts myself. Ghost, or no ghost, it came gliding up to me, with its slender form, its lovely face : Mrs. Chandos, in a white silk evening-dress, with a small white opera-cloak on her shoulders. It was her pleasure, as I learnt later, to dress each day for her own lonely society just as she would for a state dinner-table. "How you startled me !" she exclaimed. "With that great brown shawl on your head, you look as much like a man as a woman. But I saw by the height it was not he. Did you know that he came—that he was here last night ?" she added, dropping her voice to the faintest whisper. It was the first time Mrs. Chandos had volun- tarily addressed me. Of course I guessed that she alluded to Mr. Harry Chandos : but I hesi- tated to answer, after the caution he had given me. Was there anything wild about her voice and manner as she spoke ?—had her spirits run away with her to-night ?—or did the fact of her flitting about in the white evening-dress in this wild way, like any school-girl, cause me to fancy it? "Did you know it; I ask ?" she impatiently rejoined. " Surely you may answer me." "Yes !" There seemed no help for it "I saw him, madam, but I shall not mention it. The secret is safe with me." "You saw him ! Oh, heaven, what will be done ?" she cried, in evident distress. "It was so once before : the servants saw him. You must not tell any one ; you must not." "Indeed I will not. I am quite trustworthy." "What are you doing out here ?" she sharply said. " Looking for him ?" "Indeed no. I was dull by myself, and came across unthinkingly. I am as true as you, Mrs. Chandos. I would not, for the world, say a word to harm him." The assurance seemed to satisfy—to calm her ; she grew quiet as a little child. "To talk of it might cause previous evil, you know; it might lead to—but I had better not say more to a stranger. How did you come to know of it ?" I made no answer. Some feeling, that I did not stay to sift, forbade me to say it was from himself. "I know; it was from Madame de Mellissie. It was very foolish of her to tell you. It was wrong of her to bring you here at all." As Mrs. Chandos spoke, there was something in her words, in her tone, in her manner alto- gether, that caused a worse idea to flash across me—that she was not quite herself. Not in- sane ; it was not that thought ; but a little wanting in intellect; as if the powers of mind were impaired. It startled me beyond measure and I began to think that I ought to try and get her indoors. "Shall you not take cold out here, Mrs. Chandos ?" "I never take cold. You see, I am my own mistress now ; when Mrs. Freeman's here she will never let me come out after dusk. Lady Chandos sent my maid to sit with me this even- ing, but I lay down on the sofa, and told her I was perhaps going to sleep and she could not stay with me. And I came out ; I thought I might see him." Every word she spoke added to the impres- sion. "And so you saw him last night ! I did not ; I never do. The windows looking this way are closed. And perhaps if I were to see him like that, and be taken by surprise, it might make me ill : Mrs. Freeman says it would. It is so sad, you know !" "Very sad," I murmured, assuming still that she alluded to the infirmity of Mr. Chandos. "They never told me. They are not aware that I know it. I found it out to-day. I was going about the gallery early this morning, be- fore Hill came home, and I found it out. When Mrs. Freeman's here, I can only get out when she pleases. You cannot think what a long time it is since—since ---" "Since what ?" I asked, as she came to a stop. "Since the last time. Harry has not said a word to me all day ; it is a shame of him. He ought to have told me." "Yes, yes," I murmured, wishing to soothe her. "You see, Harry's not friends with me. He tells me he is, but he is not in reality. It is through my having treated him badly : he has been the same as a stranger ever since. But he ought to have told me this. You must not tell them that I know it." "Certainly not." "They might lock me in, you know ; they did once before; but that was not the last time, it was when Harry was in France. If Mrs. Free- man had been here to-day, I should never have known it. It is very cruel ; I think I shall tell Lady Chandos so. If Harry—" During the last few words, Mrs. Chandos' eyes had been strained on a particular spot near to us. What she saw, or fancied she saw, I know not, but she broke into a low, smothered cry of fear, and sped away swiftly to the house. Rather startled, I bent my eyes on the place, as if by some facination, half expecting—how foolish it was!—to see Mr. Chandos perambu- lating in his sleep. And I believe, had I done so, I should have run away more terrified than from any ghost. Something did appear to be there that ought not. It was between the trunks of two trees, in a line with them, as if it were another tree of never-yet- witnessed form and shape. A vast deal more like the figure of a man, thought I, as I gazed. Not a tall slender man like Mr. Chandos ; more of the build of Mr. Edwin Barley. Why the idea of the latter should have oc- curred to me, or whether the man (it certainly was one !) bore him any resemblance, I could not tell. The fancy was quite enough for me, and I sped away as quickly as Mrs. Chandos had done. She had whisked silently through the hall towards her rooms, and met her maid on the stairs; who had probably just discovered her absence. "Are you ready to make tea, Miss Hereford ? I have come to have some." It was the greeting of Mr. Chandos, as I ran, scared and breathless, into the oak- parlour. He was sitting in the easy-chair near the table, a review in his hand, and looked, up with sur- prise. No wonder—seeing me dart in as if pur- sued by a wild cat, an ugly shawl over my head. But, you see, I had not thought he would be there. However, he said nothing. I sat down, as sedate as any old matron, and made the tea. Mr. Chandos read his paper, and spoke to me between whiles. "Don't you think, sir, we ought to have heard to-day from Madame de Mellissie ?" "Why to-day?" "It it getting time that I heard. Except the short note to Lady Chandos, written upon her arrival in Paris, she has not sent a syllable. It it very strange." "Nothing is strange that Emily does. She may be intending to surprise us by arriving without notice. I fully expect it. On the other hand, we may not hear from her for weeks to come." "But she has left me here, sir ! She said she should be sure to come back the very first day she could." Mr. Chandos slightly laughed. "You may have passed from her memory, Miss Hereford, as completely as though you never existed in it." I paused in consternation, the suggestion bringing to me I know not what of perplexity. He looked excessively amused. "What can I do, sir ?" "Not anything that I see, except make your- self contented here. At least, until we hear from Emily." With the tea-things disappeared Mr. Chan- dos ; and a sensation of loneliness fell upon me. What at ? At his exit, or at my previous alarm in the pine-walk ? I might have asked myself, but did not. He came back again shortly, remarking that it was a fine night. "Have you been out, sir ?" "No. I have been to my mother's rooms." "Is she better this evening ?" "Much the same." He stood with his elbow on the mantel-piece, his hand lifted to his head, evidently in deep thought, a strange look of anxiety, of pain, in the expression of his countenance. I went over to a side table to get something out of my work box; and, not to disturb him by going back again, I softly pulled aside the muslin window curtain to look out for a minute on the dusky, still night. What was it made me spring back with a sudden movement of terror and a half cry? Surely I could not be mistaken! That was a face close to the window, looking in ; the dark face of a man ; and, unless I was much mis- taken, bearing a strong resemblance to that of Mr. Edwin Barley. "What is it ?" asked Mr. Chandos, coming forward. "Has anything alarmed you ?" "Oh, sir ! I saw a face pressed close to the window-pane. A man's face." Without the loss of a moment, Mr. Chandos threw up the window, and had his head out. All I felt good for was to sit down in a chair out of sight. He could see no one, as it ap- peared, and he shut the window again very quietly. Perhaps his thoughts only pointed to some one of the servants. "Are you sure you saw anyone, Miss Here- ford ?" "I am very nearly sure, sir." "Who was it ?" In truth I could not say, and I was not ob- liged to avow my suspicions. Mr. Chandos hastened outside, and I remained alone, as timid as could be. A curious and most unpleasant suspicion was fixing itself upon my mind, dim glimpses of which had been haunting me during tea—that Mr. Edwin Barley's object was me. That it was himself who had been in the pine-walk, and again now at the window, I felt a positive con- viction. He must have recognised me ; this stealthy intrusion at odd times, seasonable and unseasonable, must be to watch me, to take note of my movements, not of those of the owners of Chandos. But for his motive I searched in vain. "I cannot see or hear anyone about," said Mr. Chandos, when he returned; "all seems to be quite free and still. I fancy you must have been mistaken, Miss Hereford." I shook my head, but did not care to say much, after the notion that had taken possession of me. Words might lead to deeper questions and I could not for the world have said that I knew Edwin Barley. "Possibly you may be a little nervous to night," he continued, ringing the bell; "and at such times the fancy considers itself at liberty to play us all sorts of tricks. My hav- ing told you what I did this morning relating to myself, may have taken hold of your imagi- nation." "Oh, no ; it has not." "I shall be very sorry to have mentioned it, if it has. Believe me, there's nothing in that to disturb you. When you ran in at tea-time I thought you looked scared. Close the shutters," he added, to the servant, who appeared in answer to his ring. "And if you will pardon my leaving you alone, Miss Hereford, I will wish you good night. I am very tired, and I have some writing to do yet." He shook hands with me and departed. Joseph bolted and barred the shutters, and I was left alone. But I went up to my room be- fore 10 o'clock. Would Mr. Chandos—or his ghost, as the servants had it —be out again that night in his somnambulant state ? The subject had taken hold of my most vivid interest, and after un- dressing I stood for a few minutes at the win- dow in a warm wrapper, watching the grounds. Eyes and ears were alike strained, but to no purpose. No noise disturbed the house indoors, and all appeared still without. It might be too early yet for Mr. Chandos. But the silence, told upon me. "There was not a voice to be heard, not a sound to break the intense stillness. I began to feel nervous, hurried into bed, and went to sleep. Not to sleep for very long. I was awoke suddenly by a commotion in the gallery out- side. A loud, angry cry ; reproachful tones ; all in the voice of Mrs. Chandos ; they were followed by low, remonstrating words, as if somebody wished to soothe her. Were you ever aroused thus in the middle of the night in a strange, or comparatively strange, place ? If so, you may divine what was my terror. I sat up in bed with parted lips, unable to hear any- thing distinctly for the violent beating of my heart, and then darted to the door, putting on my slippers and my large, warm wrapper, before drawing it cautiously an inch open. It was not possible to make out anything at first in the dim gallery. Three dusky forms were there, having apparently come from the west wing, which I took to be those of Lady, Mr., and Mrs. Chandos. She, the latter, had her hair hanging down over a white wrapper; and Mr. Chandos, his arm about her waist, was drawing her to her own apartments. It was by that I knew him; who else would have pre- sumed so to touch her?—his coat was off, his slippers were noiseless. The moonlight, coming in faintly on the gallery from above, made things tolerably clear, as my eyes got used to them. "You never would have told me," she sobbed, pushing back her hair with a petulant hand ; "you know you never meant to tell me. It is cruel—cruel ! What am I here but a caged bird ?" "Oh, Ethel ! Ethel ! you will betray all !" cried Lady Chandos, in a voice of dire, re- proachful tribulation. "To think that you should make this disturbance at night ! Did you forget that a stranger was sleeping here?— that the servants may hear you in their room ? You will bring desolation on the house." Scarcely had they disappeared within the doors of the east wing, when Mr. Chandos came swiftly and suddenly out of his own chamber. It scarcely appeared a moment, yet he had found it sufficient time to finish dressing, for he was now fully attired. His appearing from his chamber, after disappearing within the east wing, established the fact that his room did communicate with it. Almost simultaneously Hickens ran up the stairs from the hall, a light in his hand. Mr. Chandos advanced upon him, and peremptorily waved him back. "Go back to bed, sir. You are not wanted." But as the light fell on Mr. Chandos' face, I saw that he was deadly pale, and his imperative manner seemed to proceed from fear, not anger. "I heard a scream, Mr. Harry," responded poor Hickens, evidently taken to. "I'm sure I heard voices ; and I—I—thought some thieves or villains of that sort had got in, sir." "Nothing of the kind. There's nothing whatever the matter to call for your aid. Mrs. Chandos is nervous to-night, and cried out—it is not the first time it has happened, as you know. She is all right again now, and my mother is with her. Go back, and get your rest as usual." "Shall I leave you the light, sir?" asked Hickens, perceiving that Mr. Chandos had none. "Light ? No. What do I want with a light ? Mrs. Chandos' ailments have nothing to do with me." He stood at the head of the stair, watching Hickens down, and listening to his quiet closing of the doors dividing the hall from the kitchen passages. Hickens slept down stairs, near his plate-pantry. He was late in going to rest, as it was explained afterwards, and had heard the noise over-head in the midst of undressing. Mr. Chandos turned from the stairs, and I suppose the slender inch-stream of moonlight must have betrayed to him that my door was open. He came straight towards it with his stern, white face, and I had no time to draw back. He and ceremony were at variance that night. "Miss Hereford, I beg your pardon, but I must request that you retire within your room, and allow your door to be closed," came the peremptory injunction. "Mrs. Chandos is ill, and the sight of strangers would make her worse. I will close it for you ; I should so act by my sister, were she here." He shut it with his own hand, and turned the key upon me. Turned the key upon me ! Well, I could only submit, feeling very much ashamed to have had my curiosity observed, and scuffled into bed. Nothing more was heard ; not the faintest movement to tell that anything unusual had happened. But how strangely mysterious it all appeared ! One curious commotion, one unaccountable mystery succeeding to another. I had heard of haunted castles in romances, of ghostly abbeys ; but surely the events enacted in them could not be more startling than these at Chandos. Morning came. I was up betimes ; dressed, read ; found my room unlocked, and went out of doors while waiting for breakfast. Mr. Chandos passed on his way from the house, and stopped. "Did I offend you last night, Miss Here- ford ?" "No, sir." "Walk with me a few steps, then," he re- joined. "I assumed the liberty of treating you as a sister—as though you were Emily. I thought you would have the good sense to understand so, and feel no offence. What caused you to be looking from your door ?" "The commotion in the gallery awoke me, sir, and I felt frightened. It was only natural I should look to see what caused it." "What did you see ?" "I saw Lady and Mrs. Chandos; and I saw you, sir." "Anyone else ?" "No ; not anyone else." For the space of a full minute Mr. Chandos never took his eyes from me. It looked as if he questioned my veracity. "I forgot Hickens, sir ; I saw him. At least, in point of fact, I did not see him ; he did not come high enough ; I only heard him." "Ah, yes !" he said, turning his gaze away, "Mrs. Chandos is one of our troubles. She is not in good health, and has disturbed us before in the same manner. The fact is, she is what is called nervous ; meaning that she is not so collected at times as she ought to be. I am very sorry you were disturbed." "Pray don't think anything of that, sir. She feels strange, perhaps, now Mrs. Freeman is gone." "Yes, that is it. But it has very much up- set my mother. Miss Hereford," he resumed, after a pause, " I have a request to make to you." "What is it, sir ?" "That you will leave off calling me 'sir.' It does not sound well on your lips." He smiled as he spoke. And I blushed until I was ashamed of myself. "Have you any love for the appellation ?" "No, indeed ! But Madame de Mellissie—" "Just so," he interrupted. "I suspected as much. You would not have fallen into it your self." "I don't know that, sir." "Sir ?" "It was a slip of the tongue. I used to say 'Sir' and 'Madam' to Mr. and Mrs. Paler. I was told to do so when I went there as gover- ness." "Well, you are not governess here, and we can dispense with it. Good morning !" he added, as we neared the gates. "It is too bad to bring you here and send you back alone." "Are you not coming to breakfast, sir ?" Another slip. "My breakfast was taken an hour ago. I am going to see how Mrs. Freeman is. You will be condemned to make a solitary breakfast this morning. Good-bye !" A very pleasant one, for all that. It is plea- sant to live amidst the luxuries of life. The fare of a governess had been exchanged for the liberal table of Chandos. Not that I cared much what I ate and drank ; I was young and healthy ; but I did like the ease and refinement, the state and the innocent vanities pertaining to the order of the Chandos world. Half sitting, half lying in the garden-chair in the balmy sunshine, I partly read and partly dreamed away the morning. The house was within view ; servants and comers passed to it within hail ; cheery voices could be heard ; snatches of laughter now and again. On that side all was busy life ; on the other, lay the silent mass of trees that surrounded Chandos. The sun was twinkling through their foliage ; the glorious tints of ruddy autumn lighted them up. A charming tableau ! Uncertain as my stay was, unusual, and per- haps undesirable in position for a young girl, I was beginning to feel strangely happy in it. Madame de Mellissie did not come ; another post in, that day, and no letter from her. And there I sat on, unconcerned, in my pretty lilac muslin, with the ribbons in my chestnut hair, watching the little birds as they flew about sing- ing ; watching the gardener sweeping up his leaves at a distance ; and feeling more joyous than the morning. I ought not to have felt so, I dare say, but I did, and broke out into snatches of song as gay as the birds. Tra la la la; tra la la la ! Mr. Chandos passed to the house with a quick step, not seeing me. He was back, then ! I followed, for it was the luncheon hour, and I was not on a sufficient footing at Chandos to keep meals waiting. Hill was in the oak-par- lour, inquiring after the state of Mrs. Freeman. "Her state is this, Hill—that it admits no probability whatever of her returning here," said Mr. Chandos, throwing back his velveteen coat, for he was in sporting clothes. And well he looked in them ! as a tall, handsome man generally does. "There's a bother !" was Hill's retort. "Then some one else must be seen about, Mr. Harry, without loss of time." "I suppose so. Things seem to be going tolerably cross just now." "Cross and contrary," groaned Hill. "As they always do, I've noticed, when it's specially necessary they should go smooth. My lady was speaking about Miss White, you know, sir." "Yes. I'll go up and speak with my mother. But I must have something to eat, Hill." "The luncheon ought to be in," was Hill's reply. And she crossed to the bell and gave it a sharp pull. "Have you been walking to Mrs. Freeman's ?" I asked of Mr. Chandos, as he was quitting the room. "That would be a twenty-mile walk, there and back," he answered, turning to speak. "I honoured the omnibus with my company as far as the station, and then went on by train; com- ing back in the same way." The luncheon was on the table when he de- scended from his mother's rooms, and he hastily sat down to it. He was dressed differently then. "I will not invite you to take it with me," he observed, " for I must not sit five minutes, and can barely snatch a mouthful." "Are you going far ?" "Not very far ; but I wish to be home to dinner. That will do, Joseph ; you need not wait." "Let me wait upon you, Mr. Chandos," I said, springing up. "Very well. How will you begin ?" "I don't know what to begin with. I don't know what you want first." "Nor I. For I do not want anything at all just now. What have you been doing with yourself all the morning ?" "Working a little, and reading. Not Shake- speare, but a play of Goldsmith's: 'She Stoops to Conquer.' " "Why, where did you pick up that ?" he in- terrupted. "I did not know the book was about." "I saw it lying in the window-seat near the east wing, and dipped into it. After that, I could not put it down again—although it was not in the list of books you gave me." "You thought you would enjoy the mischief first, as the children do, whether the scolding came afterwards or not." "Ought I not to have read it ?" "You may read it again if you like. It is an excellent comedy ; more entertaining, I fancy, to read than to witness, though. Did you fall in love with Tony Lumpkin ?" "Not irrevocably. Here comes your horse round, Mr. Chandos." "My signal for departure. And I believe I am speeding on a useless errand." "Is it an important one ?" "It is to inquire after a lady to replace Mrs. Freeman as companion to Mrs. Chandos. Some- one my mother knows ; a Miss White. She was seeking for such a situation a few months ago ; but the probabilities are that she has found one." A strong impulse came over me to offer to supply the place—until I should be called away by Madame de Mellissie. Miss White ! she might be only a young person. If I could but make myself useful, it would take away the compunction I felt at having been thrust upon them at Chandos. I spoke on the impulse of the moment, blushing and timid as a school girl. Mr. Chandos smiled, and shook his head. "It is not a situation that would suit you ; or you it." "Is Miss White older than I ?" "A little. She is about fifty-six." "Oh ! but as a temporary arrangement, sir ? Until we have news from Madame de Mellissie. I should like to repay a tithe of the obligation I am under to Lady Chandos." "A great obligation, that ! No, it could not be. We should have you and Mrs. Chandos running into the shrubberies after sleep-walkers and ghosts, as it seems you did last night. Be- sides," he added, taking up his gloves and rid- ing-whip, "if you became Mrs. Chandos' com- panion, what should I do for mine ?" He nodded to me after he got on his horse ; a spirited animal, Black Knave by name ; and rode away at a brisk canter, followed by bis groom. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 