THE V.E.C. SPBUTG MEETING. Br Peeping Tom, The entries which were made last week for the V.R.C. Spring Meeting are not only highly satisfactory as regards numbers, but they show an amount of quality distributed throughout the numerous events which will impart a high tone to the different fields, and render the gathering on the banks of the Saltwater River one of the most interesting, and, should the weather prove favourable, one of the most delighfnl, that has yet been ex perienced in this colony. The managing com mittee has adopted a wise course, following in tire footsteps of the Australian 3 ockey dub, in having the Derby ran on the Saturday before the usual meeting, and as mostof the cracks are , ■engaged to take partin the first day's proceed ings, the preliminary trials are sure. to be watched with a large amount of interest For instance, the meeting of two such horses as Glencoe and Circassian in the Melbourne Stakes—the opening event—will give a (fine to the red merits of the Sydney favourite, and should he get bowled over, which I quite ex pect to see, there will be any amount of speculation as to his capabilities with bis Cup weight Glencoe is a most undeniable horse at weight forage—the very best out—and as I believe both his temper and condition have much improved since his arrival at Carter's. I am yet to be convinced that Mr. Winch's horse, although be won the Metropolitan so easily, is 6uch a great gun as to be aole to cope with him at weight for age. There are also Phoebe and Freetrader in the race—both Cup horses—hut what chance can they have, carrying the same burden as Glencoe? Had it been a handicap there would have been a difference of Set or 4st between them; nor can I imagine that any of the three-year-olds in it are good enough for each company. It is the general impression that the horses engaged in the Cup will not meet Glencoe, bat I do not see why they should not They will want a gallop atany rate, and one with such a "snorter might do them good: TheHotham Handicap, one mile and a half and a distance, will lie I between The Baron, Barwon, Albany, and Aurora. The lot can go the pace for the distance, and as none of them are over burdened I expect to see a grand race with 1 The Baron first, and Albany second. I can Eick five out of the Derby that may stay at ojneso far as their chance is concerned, which' leaves three to make a race of it, | Charon, Kestrel, and Lamplighter. I am told that the Warhawk filly is a wonder, and that ehe has ran out ail the stables tackle. That may be, but it is hard to believe that a half sister to the Count can be so good or so grand a colt as Charon has proved himself to Lamps cannot be np to the mark, for ing lately, he lost several weeks' wor after his trip from Sydney. Charon is in great font), and in spite of the ill- natured remarks of bis enemies and "the leg" *' Pegasus"gave him at Rand wick, be can still manage to sue it and his three others with wonderful freedom. Bar accidents he must wini aod were the son of Gaslight ever so fit be .wahts the stamina of the other to carry 8stt Mttogo titAPftoei and finish. The Essen dontifctkf* tofouow, has only five entries, bu^li^lrafiiencoe .and peeress in it, and these twoofcghtfco make the race interesting. Wl^.Jfc.B^yopd'a mare can do remains to anVto&M;^^m^nlsnd, but there was no OlSiiiuiHiiPiwJt'dMa inclined to think Mr. mmMrMmWB* wTtbe doable event and '•<# asking, a third of; Wires for .the Footecray Mm-nought to be good cooUhto V&u; he end his owner intend to On the Thursday follow M^tad^imgs commence with the ftfsiden: atfavof 16. lSofwhifih I eimot have the Ta»* maniass, Brown Bess or Moonbeam. Mr. Wilson's four-year-old, Mischief, is unknown to me, bnt she is reported a good one. Out of the youngsters the winner will turn up, and most probably the race will lie between Detective, Partisan, and the Fair Ellen filly, the handsome Partisan being quite good enough to polish'off the lot. The Kail way Stakes is another nice picking for Glencoe, for, however good I think The Baron, a difference of 71b. can never bring them together. Brilliant. Bismarck, and Misfortune, Victorian, South Australian, and New Zealand horses, have not quality to cope with the New South Wales bred ones. Thirty three acceptors for the Gup are just the same number that paid up last year, when 35 started, and it is reasonable to expect about a similar field at the post en this occasion. Owing to the absence of Tim Whiffier, and the wise step taken by Mr. Moffatt in withdraw ing Gasworks from such an unequal struggle, especially in her present condition, Manuka is honoured with carrying the top weight. 9st 41b.; and Dolo, Shamrock, Miranda, and The Fly, at 5sfc 71b. each, have the lightest burdens. I have little more to add to what I have previously written with regard to this race. I see no reason whatever to alter my opinion as to the ability of Cir cassian, with only 8st. up, to carry off this prize. All the stories as to bis going wrong previous to his making his appearance amongst us were nothing else than idle eanaras, and even Sydney BelCs little innuendo about his standing on board the steamer as if one of his feet was treading on a mouse, was unkind. I saw him go the other morning, and he moved along in snch a manner that by the Bame inference all his feet must be wrong, for he would scarcely have crushed a mouse, so gay and lightly did he skim the ground in his great stride. Bnt Bell has got "legs" on the brain lately—Charon's to wit If Circassian goes on the Derby day against Glencoe, then "we shall see what we shall see;" bnt even should his light pale before that of the white-legged cbesnut at weight for age it won't alter my opinion a bit, unless indeed he is shamefully beaten in the race, a result not stall probable from presentappearances. Icah UotqnitemakeMannkaout; he is a great horse jto look at, but they don't send him along as Mr. Bed wood was wont to do in days of yore; and a horse to win a Melbourne Cap mast do somefasterworktbanthree-quartersspeefi. He is a fine mover, and possesses strength enough to make light of bis heavy bnrden, but 18lb. tad two years, even if he were as fit as & fiddle, is too nmch to give such a horse as Circassian. It is said that Traverton is next best; he may be, bat there is something mys terious about him. The way the horse was sent along in his training at Rand wick, his Sensational introduction into the market, his changing stables afterwards—and it is said a certain party who laida heavily against him had a finger in the pie—under all the cir cumstances, the public are acting cautiously as well as prudently in not backing him. 1 do object to mysterious horses I have a great leaning towards the rag-eater from over the border, as Australian is now often called; he goes with wonderful freedom, and I think he is well worth an investment for a place. Strop won't be far off either: he looks magnificently, and if he ran second last year, what is to pre vent him being one of the first three this? I don't believe in ponies for a Melbourne Cap, and Sheet Anchor is one. Give me a good big one in preference to a little 'an any day. There is no abatement in the stable's confi dence, small although be be, but he has heavier metal to meet now than Nimble foot and Lady Manners Sutton, from whom they draw their line. There is no better goer on the training gronnd, and his rapid and beautiful style of action is really grand. Barbelle keeps wonderfully iu the background, and her absence from the course in the mornings, and so many 100's to 6 dying about, betoken a screw loose. Warrior looks somewhat better than he did several weeks back, but he is not the horse he was thought to be; he may do very well on circuit, but Flemington is a cut above him. Albany will ran well forward, and some people talk of Dolo and Shamrock as being "good things," but I should be very sceptical as to their hieing even moderates in a cup; such horses are all very well in their places. I do not think any of those not mentioned have a ghost of a show, unless it be one of the three-year-olds, and I trust that Mr. Fisher will never think of starting Charon; but from the quantity of work he is having, it looks as if he really was intended. I have snch a high estimate of this coifs quality that should he go, if not the actnal winner, he will be so near it that Circassian will not know what it has all been about until the numbers are up. There is only Lamplighter and Kestrel left^ and, from present appearances, "Lamps" is not meant. The best of our aged Victorian lot are Freetrader, Salem Scudder, Baywon, Cymba, and Norma, but I cannot award any of them so much as a place. The three first horses will most probably be Circassian, Australian, Strop, But should Charon go, I must give htm second place. There are eleven entries for the Hurdle Race, bnt jumping races are ticklish affairs to toach, there are so many contingencies. If Kaled is intended this jonraey I should put my money on, but the result at the Hunt Club Meeting was enough to choke any one off. Old Warwick is just good enough to win the Darling Stakes; Blondin might bave been^but carry ing 13st. was more than the little horse confd manage with impunity. On the Friday, Glen mi m.% Boyaj.part coe will again appropriate the Royai-p Stakes, although Manuka and Peeress are both entered. I cannot see what Mr. Crook's Saladin is doing in it; he will find such com pany as he met at Croxton-park far more congenial to his tastes than what he will en counter at Flemington. The Flying Stakes has eight entries, and some smart ones, amongst them Circassian, - Barbelle, and Melancholy Jaqnes, and Aurora; commend me, however, iothe Newcastle diamond; he can get away as fast as any of them. The Spring Handicap has filled well with 33 nomi nations ; as to a winner, a good deal will de pend on previous running, and what will actually start If Lamplighter was fit I should select Him, but as he is not, Aurora, with fist 101b., looks the most likely; she is in rate con dition, and from the great torn of speed she .showed last year at Geelong, I am inclined to think her quite a clinker over a mile and a quarter with snch a light impost Either Palmerston ox Tasman mil probably poll off the Corinthian Cup, I know nothing of Mr. Norfolk's Emperor further than that he ran third for the Trial Stakes at the A.J.C. Spring Meeting, 1866. and was not plaoed for Prince of Wales Stakes. There was some dispute about him at the time in the saddling paddock as to his ownership, and the brands were considered defaced. Since then ! have not heard of him until now. I am sure De tective cannot carry weigH and Salem Scudder is a very different horse wiih7st 3lb. to what he is under list. 81b., and I cannot haveL. L. at any price. There are eight entries for the Fonryear-old Handicap, of which I should select Peeress or the Baron, although Cymbftlus proved hereeUaprettygoodoneover a distance, and she may be dangerous with 7st 51b. Bishopsbourne, too, can travel with 6st 91b. I think thisliandicapa really good one. and unless Peeress be something quite out of the common, we shall see a close race. Tho £50 Plate, half a mile, has such a funny lot of 32 in it, and the probability of about one-third of them going, that it would be useless to speculate on the result. X suspect there are a lot of entries made so as to secure tickets to the paddock, but Mr. Bagot does not require to have this pointed out to him. as he has a rare nose for scenting out these little dodges. The All-Age Stakes, one mile, on the Satur day, will be a most interesting affair between Glencoe, Circassian, Peeress. Traverton, and Charon, and it is quite on the cards for Mr. Fisher to bowl over the great cracks with Ibis three-year-old, as he has so often done before in this race. I suppose the Oaks will go to Kestrel—that is to say, if it is all true we hear about her. I have gravo doubts, bat we shall see. If she be not the flyer reported, then the Fair Ellen filly will win. There are a capital lot of horses in the steeplechase. It is hard to select a winner, but out of Bondo, Freetrader, and Reindeer, he ought to be picked. It will depend on circumstances who will carry off the Queen's guineas. All the best horses at the meeting are amongst the 17 entered, but we must not expect more than one-third of that number to start. Fine weather is all that is wanted to bring off the races with Mdt. Should such favour the Y.R.C., I predict one of the most brilliant and successful meetings ever held on the Flemington course. 