ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. From the Courier. Adelaide, September 2G. uie A. o. N. Cos steamer Hangatira arrivod at Glenolg at 10 o'clock this morning. . Tho R.M.S. Geolong arrived at tho Sound on Tuesday, having loft Gallo nn the 7th ultimo. tfUiNUKAL. SUMMARY. Tho Queen is about to visit Scotland. Tho Princo and Brincess or Wales aro in Germany. Princo Arthur is about to leavo for Canada. Tho Juno mails were delivered punctually. Now Zealand affairs aro inducing important do. .hates in both Houses of Parliament. The tono of tho press indicates a re-action against tho non-in- . tbrferenco policy. Ministerial sentiments on tho subject appear to remain unaltered. . The Colonial Emigration movement has sonic- whnt slackened. Mr. Fawcott has moved that tho vote to pay for tho presents bestowed by Princo Alfred during his ' visit to Australia bo omitted from tho Estimates. Tho Princess Christian presented the prizes to tho successful competitors at Wimbledon. There were nino thousand volunteers present. Mr. Bright -has been specially invited to visit Balmoral. Parliament has bcon prorogued. Tho bill legalising marriago with a deceased wife's sister has befcn again rejected. Tho Government promiso a searching enquiry into diplomatic servico expenditure. Tho Trinity College (Dublin) authorities express 'their willingness to admit Catholics to tho highest ' dignifies of tho College, and a better feeling is ; growing between Irish Catholics and Protestants. Tho Victorian sovereign is to bo a legal tender ,, nil over the empire. Tho Privy Gouncil has decided in favour of Dr. , Colenso's right to deny tho Bishop of Capetown's claims to possession of tho cathedral. -. Tho Prince of Wales has inaugurated tho Pca- body monument. Mr. Motloy, tho American am bassador, ' delivered a splcudid address on tho ' occasion; Tho cattlo discaso has roappearcd-in Surroy. O Archdeacon Mohorloy has boon nominated 1 Bishop of Salisbury. Mr. W. II. Marsh has been defeated for Salis- bury. ' Mr. Gladstone) has recovered from his1 lata ill ness. » Tho Irish Church Commissioners aro busy making arrangements for carrying out tho now ordor of things. A chergo of perjury has been brought against Granville Murray, of tbo Queen' a Hfcsscngcr. A warrant has been issued against Murray, who has fled to Franco. . . The Great Eastern is preparing to lay tho Bora- bay and Adon'tolographic cable. Dr. Johnson , has been elected President of tho Wesleyan Conference. Starter won tho Goodwood Stakes. Restitution won tho Cup. -Captain Vivian gained tho divorce case in whicli "tho Marquis of Waterford was co-respondent. . , It is proposed to hold au international oxhibi- 4 ' tion annually. Knighthood of tho Order of tho Crown of Italy has been' conferred on Professor M'Coy, of Mol- . bourne. Tho Oxford University has conferred on the Poet Laurcato the dignity of Doctor of Laws. M. Lavaletto has been appoiutod Fftnch Minister .toEngland. Amongst .tho reforms proposed by Napoleon nro the following: — To make Ministers liable to impeachment by tho Sennto; both Chambers to nlnnt thnir own officors: tho mnking of laws to . rest between tho Emperor and tho Legislature ; deputies to have tho right to ask questions of tho representatives of tho Government. The Italian Parliamentary Committee appointed 'to inquire iota, alleged frauds of sonators in tho importation of tobacco, have acquitted tho accused. Tho Mount Corns Tunnel will be opened noxt yenr. \- 'Great preparations aro making for holding tho Oecumenical Council. Tho Spanish Government is suppressing rccont party outbreaks without difficulty. America offers to buy Cuba. . . Thtf Crown Princo of Denmark has raarriod tho Princess Louise of Sweden. Tho ceremony was porformcd at Stockholm. Tho Prussian Government has dccidod to arm all its troops with tho now description of needlo gun. , . . ' Tho' German Railway Congress has opened at Vienna. ...A nun has been discovered confined in a dark coll at Cracow, Poland, for twenty years, until she bccamo a living skeleton. Tho Abbess and tho Bishop ,havo with difficulty. been protectod from . the fury of tho populace. Tho story has created indignation all over Europe, and tho Government of Cracow has been petitioned to suppress all conveuts. Tho Russian Colonel who was .lately struck by #thq Czarowitch has committed suicide. Tho news affected tho Emperor much, and ho compelled tho Grand Duko to attend tho funoral. \- Tho "Sultan's differences with tho Viceroy are likely to cause an attempt to occupy Egypt with Turkish troops. Obituaiiy. — Professor Dukes, Judgo Sclwin, and Lady Duff Gordon. commercial. . Tho month's exports to Queensland aro valued at £17,500. . Tlij banks linvo reduced tho rate of intorost on deposits. Consuls aro dull of salo. Victorian securities nro quoted nt 112 to 114; Now South Wales, 01) to 101; New Zealand, consolidated, 104 to 10(3; Queensland, 107 to 108. About 215,000 bales of wool have been cata- lOgUUU. llltliS UIIUIU'I those which closed last' sales. Tallow is in activo demand at an ajvancoof 9d. Australian hides are Jd. dearer, aud a further riso is expected.' Leather is quoted at from 9Jd. to ' lOJd. per ib. Bark is dull of sale. Cocoanut oil is quoted at £37 to £41 .per tun. Copper is firm nt £7G 10s. to £77 per' ton. shipping. : Sailed for Brisbane.—1 Tho Annie Gray, Alfred Hawloy, and Hope. Arrived. — Wintcrlhur, from Brisbane. ' " latest intelligence. London, Soptembor 2. ' Oxford won tho international boat race, heating tho Americans by three longths. Great excito- mcnt provailod. Tho raco was rowed in twenty- two minutes. .It is proposed that tho' Colonial Governments hold a cotifercnco at Westminster in February next, to consider presont rclatious with tho Impe rial .Government. The press notices tho proposal favourably. Tho French funds have declined in consequence of tho illness' of the Emperor. _ Tho Empress and the. Princo Imperial aro in Corsica. _ Dri Sumner has resigned tho Bishopric of \S in- Chester. , The Spanish Crown has been offered to tho lung of- Portugal, accompauied by a proposal of tho union of tho two nations. Carlist bauds are increasing in Spain. Two Carlist leaders have been shot. Fortuna has won tho Ebor Handicap. Marshall Neil), tho French Minister for War, is Napoleon has granted an amnesty to tho journal ists lately prosecuted. The Emperor has authorised tho Trinco Imperial to distribute prizes to tho army. Tho Sultan has written a letter to tho Viceroy of Egypt, rebuking him for opening the Suez Canal in his own name, for inviting representa tives of Foreign Powers to bo present, and for other matters in which lie is charged with violating liia duty. Tho European powers havo interposed, and it is expected tho sultan will not press tho matter. Cholera is raging in Persia. Tho wool sales progress favourably, and latest prices averago an advance of a penny per pound. Tho holding of monthly sales is advocated. Tal low shows a slight ndvanco, "Wheat is four shil lings lower. Consols aro quoted at 93. Bank discounts, 2A. Colonial debentures aro higher. The New Ministry op -Victoria. — Chief Secretary, Mr. M'Pherson ; Colonial Treasurer, Mr. Byrno; Attorney-General, Mr. M'Donncll ; Solicitor-Gcnoral, Mr. Kerford ; Ministerfor Lands, Mr. M'ICoan ; Chief Commissioner of Trado and Customs, Mr. Cohen; Minister for Mines, Mr. J. T. Smith; Chief Commisssioncr for Railways, Mr. Longmoro; and Minister for Public Works, Mr. Reeves. Tho office of Postmaster-General is to bo filled by a mombcr of tho Upper House. The cat-o'-nine-tails appears likely to como into full play onco more as a terror to evil-doers, and will doubtless havo a much greater effect in chocking crime than any length of imprisonment, while tho confinccs aro known to be, as far as worldly comforts aro concerned, in a. much better condition than many a hard-working industrious man. who, unfortunately, can obtain littlo or no labour, and who is ashamed to bog and too honourable to steal. Wo see by nn exchange that on tho 15th instant a couplo of garrotteors received twontv-fivo lashes each in tho Mclbourno Gaol, and at tho end of four months aro to rcccivo a repeti tion of tho punishment. " Tho common hang man," says tho writer, "was employed to wield tlio cat, anil although on a former occasion ho turned tho intonded punishment into a farco, for tho bonofit of tho criminal, he, on this last occa sion, gavo tho scoundrels a fair flogging. Ooo of them is an old soldier, and ono of tho many black sheep belonging to tho regiment now. in tho bar racks. Ho bad ovidently had experience of this operation beforo, and took tho punishmont with considcrablo fortitude ; but tho other, a civilian, commenced yelling frightfully with tho first lash, and when ho regains his liberty it is probablo that ho will havo too vivid a recollection of yester day's exporicnco to indulge again in offences for wliich tho cat will constitute a part of tho punish ment." A criminal prosecution of Mr. David Symo, proprietor of tho Age and Leader newspapers, for maliciously publishing defamatory libels in these journals againstDr. Jordan, of tho Anthropological Museum, was hoard nt tlio City Court, Molbourno. Tho Bench, without hearing tho evidouco for tho defence, dismissed the case, thinking tho writor of tho nrticlcs had only discharged his duty to tho public. A melancholy caso of dentil from accidental poisoning is reportod by tho Courier to havo oc curred on board tho barquo Harmodius, at Hnrris' Wharf, on Friday night. Tho victim was a Cus tom-house officer, namod J. F. Lannon, who had been in charge of tho vessel sinco her arrival, and tho poison, cnrabolic acid, which is used on board as a disinfectant. It appoars that tho deceased, who lived on board, was very much addicted to tho uso of ardent spirits, and sometimes com plained that that which ho received on board was watered. All grog was kept under lock and key in the store, and deceased had scon tho steward filling bottles out of a stono jar. In a plnco in tho pantry, which was not kept locked, was a Bomowbat similar jar containing carbolic acid. It was kopt far back in tho locker, and tho cork was tied down with a pioco of tarred cn'nvos. Shortly beforo eight o'clock on tho night stated tho steward went up town on an orrand, tho de ceased at that time preparing to go to bed. Whon tho steward returned to tho shin in less than an liourj ho notiocd a strong smell of tho acid, and on going to tho deceasod's berth ho found him in a crouching position. Ho endeavoured to rouso him, and failing, he called in "tho carpenter. Finding all their offorts to ho useless, they sont for a doctor. Dr. Hancock was in attcndanco in a very short timo, and aftor examination ho pro nounced tho man to bo dead. In a tumbler on a chiffonier was a-smnll quantity f carbolic acid, and on examining tho pantry it-was- found that tho acid jar, which was very plainly labollod, had been tampered with. Tho unforlunato man also Btnolt strongly of tho acid, which is tho impure nrliclo of commorco, nod somewhat similar in colour to rum. It would appear that he mistook tho jar for that from which . ho had seen the stoward pour tho grog, and tho liquor for ordinary spirits. It unfortunately happened that tho de ceased was tho only person in tho after part of the vessel at tho. timo, but death must havo been vory speedy, as the effect of tho poison would bo to stop tho action of tho heart. Tho deconscd was fifty- four years of ago. The Dangers op Whaling. — Tho Ilobart Town Mercury of Septombor 9, says — Tho sritnrt whaling schooner Zephyr camo into port yesterday after an unfortunate, cruiso of rather less than three months. Tho Zopbyr camo into port somo timo in tlio early part of Juno, and discharged tho GJ tuns of sperm oil she then had on hoard, and sailed again on Juno 18. On August 3, sperm whitlcs vrero sighted, and tho boats wero at onco lowered ; tho captain soon got fast, and Mr. Ed- raonds, tho chief officer, also succeeded in getting fust. Tho whalo soon spouted blood, hut worked awkwardly, and suddenly dipping, camo up under the mato's boat opon mouthed, and bit five planks each side of tho keel out of tho boat, tearing tho boat opon from stern to stom, taking away a por tion of tho larboard streak and keel. ' Savo all," was now tho cry, and tho captain's boat was at onco cut looso, and tho hands of tho mato's boat picked up. In the siraplo language as entered in tho log hook, " No ono was hurt, thank God," and ti10 wreck and oars being towed alongside the ship, tlio captain again went in chase, but without seeing anything more of tho whale, which had two irons in him and a quantity of lino attached. As tlio whalo hud been well lauced, ho no doubt soon died. Un tlio trni ino scuooner wont into lie- cherchc, and on tlio 11th August the Emily Downing put into Recherche, and as previously reported hailed for fifty-eight tuns of sporm oil. On the 18th tho schoonor again put to sea, and on tlio 29th picked up a dead whale which had lost its flukes, succeeded in securing it by a chain round it, and had ovcry hopes of towing it into smooth water/but it camo on to blow hard from tho N. and NAV., and. after -having it in tow twenty-eight hours, was forced to let it go adrift. The Sassafras GiIost Story. — Tho Sassafras correspondent of tho Kianxa Pilot writes : — A ghost story is going tlio rounds of tho district, which possibly might interest some of your many readers. It would appear that somo nino months ago an old shepherd called Tommy Scott died in Nerriga, and requested that bo might ho buried in a placo called Boulah Flat, which aimplo wish wns not complied with for certain roasons. And tho man's spirit form has been seen by threo different parties at tho dead of tho night, close to tho Beu- lab crossing placo, dressed in moleskin trousers, long boots, bluo guernsey, and hat, which was tho old man's usual dress. The parties who saw this strango apparition were threo strong hearty young men, but the sight so shook their nerves that they made tracks for homo as fast as horseflesh could carry them, and havo not visited the locality sinco at tho witching hour of night. Giving Him the Usual Caution. — A good story relative to the conduct of ono of our "Western district policcmon has been communicated to us. Not very many days ago, a bushranger was shot in a scufflo with an innkeeper, and a messenger was immediately sent to a police station not a hundred miles from Canonbor. A trooper from tiiero nt onco sped to the scene of tho conflict, and when ho arrivod ho fonnd tho bushranger in a state of insensibility. Being asked what ho did under tho circumstances, tho constable answered, " I tapped tho robber on tho shoulder, charged him with sticking up, &c.;, and gavo him tho usual caution." Such is tho forco of habit, that with, out reflecting whether tho bushranger was dead or alive, deaf or insensiblo, he administered tho " usual caution." — Western Examiner. Hailstorm in Sydney. — A tremendous thunderstorm, with bail, passod over the oity and suburbs, commencing at about a quarter to 3 ou Saturday afternoon last. Somo of tho hailstones wero as largo as pigeons' eggs, and io somo parts of tbo city they were threo inches deep in a few seconds. Tho hailstorm lasted about ten minutes, during which cou- sidorablo destruction of glass was effected. Tbo ordinary rain spouts wero immediately filled up by tho icicles; and whero roofs wero dofcctivo in construction, tho consequence was an accumulation of water, which penetrated to tJio coilings, and flooded tlio buildingB .to a con siderable oxtcot, as tbo fall of bail was suc ceeded by torrents of rain for about an hour and a half. Tho windows of tbo skylights of several places of business in tho principal streets woro brokon on tho windward (southern) side; thoso in tho leo not being damaged. Tho Tcmpcranco Hall was much damaged, and tho wcokly concert was postpoucd in conse quent. At tho Botanical Gardens tho sharp shower of ioiolcs played bnvoc among tho flowering pots and shrubs, somo of which woro entirely denuded of their blossoms. Tho glass U1 liliu iUiUlllg UUUS UUU glliUU IIUU3U UIOU OUl-i , fered somo damago. Numerous casualties oc curred by frightened horses running away. On tho Newtown Road sevornl carts, which wero stupidly left without protection wbilo tho' owners Bought shelter from tho pelting shower, woro run away with by tho terror-stricken , animals attached to them, and camo into col lision with each othor, producing inoro or lass damages to tho vohiclos and injuries to . tho frightened beasts. Similar accidents occurred at Rcdforn and in Parramatta- strcet; vliilo sovoral horses on BrickGold-hill, as tlough animated by a simultaneous torror, rushod frantically down tbo stroot. Happily bcyondi tho killing of two horses by oollision, ro casu alties of a moro serious natures occurred at this part of tho town. — ' Empiro/ SepLomtor 20. The Flaneur, in tho ' Empiro/ says " Tho volocipodo movement is gaining ground in Sydney, so that a race in the streets is now no uncommon ooourronco, and it might bo just as well if these trials' of skill woro' restricted to loss froqucntod thoroughfares. Horses gene rally display most unmitigated disgust at tho sight of theso grotesque intruders upon their domain, and do not scorn at all to appreoiato tho foot that thoir labours may bo lightonod 'by tbo gouoral adoption of bioyoles and tri cycles. No -doubt if wo oould fathom tho doptbs of cquino reflection— and no ono who has over noticed tho look and attitudo of a horso on seeing for the first timo a goat or a dog in barooss can doubt that bo docs reflect, aftor a horsoy kind of fashion — wo should dis cover that Clieval rcgardod tho exhibition of theso monstrositios.in the light, of an insult— a gross c&ricaturo; upon himself. I boo that somo maui&o; in, Boston, in tho United States, has boon riding a volocipode, with groovod whoels, upon a tight ropo, strotohod twenty foot obovo tbo boadsof tho spectators — a noble sight, no doubt, and admirably calculated to onhanoo our admiration of tho dignity and functions of man. Tho fool who olaimcd a roward from James tho First, for standing on his head on tiio top of a cburch-steoplo, in honour of tho King's arrival in tho town, was appropriately compensated by tho cannio monarch, who granted- him Lottors Patont, con ferring upon him nod hiB descendants tho solo right aud privilcgo of standing upon thoir heads on ohuroh et copies for ovor, .Disreputable Legal Practitioners.-— " A gentleman, ono, &o.;"— -that, wo beliovo, is tho oorrcct legal slang for attorney — has been called upon by tho Supremo Court to show causo why ho should not ho struck off its rolls. Mr. Carroll must bo mueb surprisod at this, and ho has, wo think, grounds for somo dis satisfaction that he, alono, of many, should havo boon soleoted as a sacrifioo. Wo imagine tho reason will bo found in tho fact that, although not moro, dishonest than a dozen othor Sydney attorneys that might bo named, ho has cxcroiscd less caution than is usual with his legal brethren. . Perhaps this itnpru- douco was inspired by tbo spcctaclo which must havo boon constantly beforo him, of tho im punity with which thoso brethron carried on praotices for which, at last, ho has been brought to book. Ho possibly thought that'ono was placed in no moro dangor than another, and this rendored him a littlo moro daring in his proceedings. What reason had ho to appre hend that ho would bo soleoted as tho object of a virtuous Court's indignation; tho moro especially that ho must havo lcoown how that Court had hitherto winked at similar mal- practices on tho part of many other intrepid "officers" enlisted under its banner? It is no matter of question that tho offenco which bus beon charged against Mr Carroll is common enough among a certain class of practitioners of tho law in this oolony. If such revelations as thoso which havo especially marked Mr. Carroll as a delinquent aro not oftencr made naturally concludo that any action tbo sense of their wrongs might prompt could but result in furtbor discomfituro aud pecuniary loss. Law, undor its happiest aspect, is repugnant to simple-minded men ; it is absolutely revolting when presented through tho medium of a gang of swindling attorneys. It is no wonder, therefore, that clients should regard their first los9 as the best aud withdraw from any disputo with roguos. whose.. legal astuteness is more than a match for a siuiplo layman's honesty. This wo hold to bo the main reason why tho wrongs daily committed upon tho public by a certain class of . attorneys are not exposed. They aro notorious enough, bowevor, and boing so, tbo insult which ib. given in tlio con tinuous, and bare-faced practico of those who commit them is tho moro unbcarablo. It is a disgraeo that mon who practico tho law should bo pormittcd to mako its machinery tho meanB of thoir dishonesty! That they do so is patent enough, not only in tho manner now spocially referred to but in many othor ways Wbilo somearo guilty of appropriation of other peoplo's money on Mr. Carroll's principle, many adopt other modes. Wo havo, for in stance, a class of men in tbo profession who lend thoir ill-earned gains to needy Govern ment officials, and who grind out tho most ruinous interest for tbo accommodation, hesi tating not to furthor thoir iniquitous proceed ings by tho action of tbo law— -tbo law which protocta the roguos and roins tho viotims. Let us hopo that theso and other " hired assassins of civilisation" may soon be thinned. If Mr. Carroll's caso should provo the first step in tho right direction ho may hereafter have tho satisfaction of reflecting that when ho foil bo brought with biin tho ruins of an edifice reared upon tho graves of thousands, and cemented with tho hearts' blood of widows, fatbcrloss obildroo, and deluded men. Although bo has bcqn tbo first who has boon brought to account he' may coatont himself with tho reflection thqt ho is not tho worst, and this being so may reasonably expect that others wil follow him in duo timo. If the membors of tho Law In stitute aro not personally interested in letting things remain os they are — if they havo cour age to striko at higher gamo than poor Carroll —they will adopt tho tardy hint of tho Chief Justice, and go to work in earnest among thoso of their brethren who disgraeo their profession. But why should tho Chief Justice wish to throw tho responsibility of dealing with this legal ulcer on tho members of tho Law Insti tute? It is unreasonable to oxpcct tho mem bers of tho upper branoh of the profession to mako the saorifico that would bo required of them undor suoh circumstances. Barristers cannot afford to run amuck against thoso who employ thcra. Tho euro rests with tho Judges; and if Ills Honour tho Chief Justico had dono his duty fearlessly in that stato of lifo to which it has pleased God to call him, this community would uot now bo infestod with a cla|fl of legal harpies who mako tho law a tcr- Sjduoy Evening News/ Desperate Encounter with a Busii- ranger. — roRHERY and assault at the American Yard.— -The 'Gundngni Times' gives tho following particulars of this despcrato encounter: — On Monday, 13th inst., about 2 a. in:, Mr. Lcdwidgo was preparing to start for Adolong to purchaso goods whon tho bush- rangor, who . is bolioved to bo tho notorious Powor from tho Victorian sido, walked in and domnndod his money. Tho ruffian was armed with a pair of revolvers in his belt, and onrricd a double-barrel gun, A sort of scramble for tbo valuables, whioh, wo presume, wero lying on the counter, ensued. Mr.Lodwidgosoourod a bag containing ovor £50 worth of gold, and and anothor with about £20 of silver in it; but the robbor obtained possession of a bundle of cheques and orders to tho rynount of £40. Lcdwidgo and his wifo thou soizod tlio hush- ranger, and in tho strugglo that followed tho gun ho carried went off, tho contents cutting part of Mr. Ledwidgo's ear off. Wo havo been informed that at this time tho ruffian oould easily havo been seoured had a hawker who was present aotcd as ho should havo dono, but tho cowardly follow would givo no assistanco. Finding ho atid bis wifo wore unablo to cap- turo'thoir assailant, it seems that Mr. Lcdwidgo ran'uoff' for as-sistanco to tho polico station, whioh Is about a milo off. On his way thither bo camo aoross a fino horso, saddled and brjdlcd, evidently belonging to the bushranger, lie ' att'omptcd to got on tho animal. to rido forwards, but finding it to bo spirited and res tive, contented himself with taking tho saddte, bridle, and swag from it, biding thorn, and turning tho horso looso. On Mr. Ledwidgo's return to his storo with assistanco, ho found that Powor (if thoir assnilaat was that scoun drel) had, during his absence, frightfully ill- treated his wifo. Ho had twico attempted to set Gro to tbo storo, but tho bravo woman Lnd oach timo extinguished tho flames; and tho ruffian boing by this timo infuriated by tho courageous rcsistanoo ho had mot with, and by his ill success in securing tbo booty ho antici pated, Btruok hor with tho butt ond of his gun sovoral times ovor tho face ond ohest. Mrs. Ledwidgo's face throat, and bosom aro, wo learn, shookingly bruised and- blackeuod by tbo'blovvH"she thus received. Tho-robber- had decamped beforo Mr. Lodwidgo arrivod, but as he is on foot thoro is ovory reason to hopo that tho polico, who aro in pursuit, will speedily secure him. "There's Many a 'Slip," &o.; — A privato letter-from Sydney iuforms us (Yaaa Courier) that Mr. Denis Mnekinlny, of tho lata firm of MackinJay Brothers, was to linn been married the week after the insolvency took plnco, to a yoang lady, a Miss G., tho daughter of an old colonist, who possesses a fortune amounting to £300,000. It is also stated in Sydney, thnt ill view of the happy event, a handsome gold watch, worth about £30, wns presented by the Messrs. Ivohn and Co., as a small nckuowlcdment of their appreciation of an oxtcn- sivo order with which ho favoured thorn, request ing that he would hand it to tho bride with their bent wishes for her happiness and prosperity. Mr. Lowe's Maiden Speech.— His maiden speech, delivered not very long aftor his entrnnco iuto-the House, wo onrsolvcs perfectly well re member bearing— remember, as tho phrase is, ns 'th'oiigh it woro an incident of yesterday. His A URtfrtHah' 'reputation had preceded him ; added to whidlf bo had, already, sinco his return homewards, within that .brief interval acquired another and a 'wholly 'distinct' repuintion — tho reputation of a jourunlist.' Immediately upon his rising, amid eager cries of " New Member," there ensued what is most unusual when merely a now member rises — a really brcnthlcss silence — ono of those mo mentary pauses whon/ns tho absurd' expression is, " Yon might havo heard which you couldn't pos sibly a pin drop." Diroctly afterwards — when tho ntcmbor for Kidderminster had begun speak ing— thoro were whispered words hero and thoro faintly audible about tho IIouso in explanation of this silence, words of" tribute less to tho man than IU 1110 urUll U» WIIIHI IIU una MO UMU »V- prescntativc— 1 " Times! Timet!" <» It was far rather as tho supposed representative of tho Timet timn as simply tbo representative soi-dislant of Kidderminster that Mr. Lowe was, at that first moment of his nppenranco beforo us, nn object of Buch eager curiosity and expectation. And his appearance itself had unquestionably something to do with tlio peculiar interest which was at once, nt tbq instant of his rising, awakened. Regarded from a distaucc, bo probably appeared to bo a lmlo : old. mttfi far advanced' iu years, with tho silvery hairqf an octogennriun. Rogarding him near at hand, one could only hut rccogniso nt once, in tho whitened head and ruddy countenance, peculiari ties of constitution and not tho effects of timo'— the bon. member being then, in. point of fact, only just turned forty. As a maiden speech, that nd« dress of his, when for tho first timo speaking ho- .fore tlio House of Commons, was in ovcry wny re markable. It- wns clear, cogent, full of informa tion, sinuous and olasticin tho sequentially linked chain of its nrguroont, nudiblo in ovory syllablo throughout tho wholo House, without an effort on the part of the speaker himself in his delivery, and evidencing from first to last' tho most admir able solf-possession. It was a success. It was moro than that, it was a success at once easy and brilliant. .Tho House took to the now member — appreciated liirn almost as it wero by no instinct, for the subject afforded him hut moderate oppor tunities for tho display of tho resources of bis oratory— was in harmony at onco with his abili ties, not with his opiuions, for which it more or less, even then, ns it hns mostly over since, bo- trayed in effect ft sort of general antagonism— nud beyond ono momont's question recognised the fact that tbo .expectations which lmd boon awakened had been, to the full justified, that a now man uf mark was now added to thoso already in the po- pular branch of tho Legislature. — " The Gladstone Government ," by a Templar. William Scott, tho nephew of Sir Walter Scott, who baa .been for some timo back a sick iumate of St. Andrew's Homo, in Montreal, diod in that institution from enncer in tho stomach. Ho was sixty-four years of age. England.-Purlic Income and Expenditure. —Tlio gross incomo and expenditure of (he country during tho year ending ou tho 31st March last, together with tho balances in tho Exchequer at the commencement and at tho termination of the yoar, and tho amount of funded and unfunded debt created or redeemed during the year. Tbo total incomo wns £72,591,991 12s. 8d„ and there was nn excess of expendituro amounting to £2,903,824 10a. Id. Tho incomo sido of tho bnlnnco shown that tho Customs duties yielded -£22, -124, OOO ; Excise, £20,402, 000 ; stamps, £9,218,000; inuil and assessed tnxes, £3,491,090; property tax, £8,(118.000; rost-office, £4, Of, 0,000 ; Crown lands (net), £800,000. The miscellaneous receipts wero I £3,355,991 12s. 8d. On the credit side of tho charge for interest and management of (lie national dobt was £22,451,094 l is. 4d., and this amount wns increased by the payment of terminable annui ties, interest on Exchequer bills and bonds, and bank advances, to £213,018,325 15s. 3d. Tho army cost £15.000, 000; tho navy, £11.330,545; civil government (clmrges on Consolidated Fund ami Votes in Supply), £10,870,305: cost of revenue collection, £9,1 1(3,090; Ahyssiuniawar,£5, 000,000. Total, nearly £74,973,000. Suicides. — In England, during the five year9 18(33-7, hanging wns the most common form of suicide, and tlio deaths of 2081 men and 485) wompii aro recorded hv tln« menus. Pnf tlirnnt. and drowning stand noxt in order of frequency ; 948 males and 287 females committed suicide by the former, and 038 males and 477 females by tho latter means. Out of 0098 suicides, 4920, or noarly three-fourths, were committed in otic of these threo ways. By poison thero wero 303 deaths of males and 308 deaths of females; of theso G71 cases tho description of poison wns specified in 451 instances; by prussio acid and cyanide of potassium 121 deaths are recorded ; by | Inudnimtn, 101 ; - by oxalic acid, 58 ; and by strychnia, 39. By gunshot wounds 288 males died, while only 8 females committed suicide by means of firearms. Tlio number of suicides in the five years in London, and in each of tho groups of counties from nil cuuson, and from poison respec tively, may bo thiiB stated Loudon, 1285 ami 229; South-eastern counties, 773 nncl 44; South Midland, 391 aud 20; Eastern, 328 aud 19; South-western, GfiO and 3G ; West Midland, 702 and 76; North Mi Hand, 493 and GO; North- Western, 991 ami 01 ; Yorkshire, 032 and 49 ; Northern Counties, 351 and 37 ; ivud Monmouth- sbiro and Wales, 190 ntul 11. Tyranny of Fashion.— Door any lady over look nt tho arrangement of any other ladies' linir ? Docs any lady look into a hairdresser's shop ? If so, how docs tho hideous chignon, in its present proportions, hold ground? If any woman's bond grow into such monstrous shapes as now may ho seen in all directions wherever women aro congre gated together, it would bo a caso of mourning to her family, of consultation among eminent sur geons, and she would probably spend tho greater part of her timo in judicious seclusion, lloro shall ho a woman of small delicato features, a sinnll bend, and of small stature. Instead of making tho most of the natural beauties with which sho is gifted, she frizzles, and cuts, and gums her front hair into all sorts of uncouth forms, and surmounts her hack hair with nn onormous ball of somebody clso's tresses. She appcnrA to lmvo two head, one, tbo artificial, con siderably larger than the other. Tho lint has to bo parched on tho uoso, and a most preposterous result is prcsoutod. However, there Is one virtue about a chignon. It is honest. There's no de ception, gentlomen. Even if tho ladies wero do- sirous of trylpg to lend ono to supposo that tho porter s Knot on tneir noaiis is composed oi tneir own hair, it would ho useless. For tho hair dressers, anxious to ndvertiso their wares, lmvo rendered that deception nn impossibility. Tlio shops nro full of chignons. Plain chignons ; frizzed chignons ; chignons ..woven into a pattern similar to tlio, largo basket, work chiefly used for wnstc-pnper baakots ; chignons with supplementary curls ; chignons with' straight flimsy tresses pen dant from thorn..; chignons of every variety, have long boon, familiar to the .mnlo observer. As wo look into our fashionable Imirdrosser's, moreover, wo becomo awaro of Jong and thick plnitu of hair, of arrangements of curls, and of similar dovicca, braids and bands to a most astouishiug extent.— All the Year Round. An Old Trick on a New Hordy. — The volocipedistnof Paris have chosen certain spots for tho purpose of oxercising, rucIi as tlio Plnco do la Bourse, tbo Avenue do la Grand Armed, and tbo Jardin du Luxembourg. Each evening persona of all classes assemble nt theso rendezvous, somo for tho purposo of practising, ami others who aro engaged in selling. The other evening a young man accosted a vendor, and utatcd thnt- ho required a good mnchinc, as ho was nn aspirant for the principal prize nt tbo velocipede races. lie mounted tho mnchinc, and displayed much ability in mannging it, the vendor being loud in his prnisos, and drawing tho attention of bystanders to its excellent qualities. Meanwhile' tho speed of tho voiocipedo increased every minute, and tho' vclocipcdist finally disappeared in tho distanco novor to return. A Great Feat.— A Canadian papor has tho following : — Tho champion oarsman, Walter Brown, of Montreal, has- performed hi« funt of riding fifty miles in fivo coiinecutivo hours upon . the voiocipedo at the tnnmmnth vclooipcdromc, Umpire Uiuk', Now York. The floor of tho build- iug wns carefully measured by sovoral city engineers, nod it was found that nine circuits would mako up a milo, Brown commenced punctually nt G o'clock, and made tho first eleven milos in forty-two minutes, tho second nlevon miles in fortv-threo minutes, the next ton miles in forty-threo minutes, tho following ten milos in Ibrtytwo and a-half minutes, and tlio concluding eight miles in thirty-three and n-hnlf minutes, thus finishing tlio total fifty miles in threo hours and twenty-four minutes. At tho conclusion of each of tho abovo enumerated diHlatices Brown rested until tbo commencement of tbo next hour, starting punctually every tinio. Tbo rider did not boom nt all fatigued, notwithstanding his great exertions, and made tho last milo in threo minutes njul forty-eight seconds. At'the closo of his riding Mr. Brown was loudly cheered, and almost carried into the reception room by a crowd of admirers. A New York paper says Ibat nearly all tlio brilliant complexions aeon among thofcmnlca of Now York nro tho rnsultof arsenic eating. Since tho introduction of tbo " blondo' fashion" arsenic eating has become almost a mania. At Rome, during a recent firo iu the shop of n firework maker, it was recollected that a largo barrel of powder was left in tho house. Tlio firo- men recoiled beforo tho idea of venturing in to fetch it, and in a few minutes tho street would have been blown up but for the daring 'gallantry of a young Englishman, Mr. Herbert Duke, who was passing, and stopped to assist the fire men. Ho entered the burning house and returned blackened with flnrno and smoke, carrying tho powder barrel on his shoulder. 