English Mail The mail recently arrived has no lack of intelligence of the most deeply- interesting kind to all who have :any love for. our Church. Although, the political world was under a lull, a controversy was raging which cannot but shake the Church to the centre. In, short each new development of the ritualistic question is found more and more to be identical with the battle of the Eeformatibn. The St. Alban's judgment tells us what we thought we knew before, that the Church of England is essentially. Protestant ; but a small though active minority is exerting every effort to ignore the Reformation, and to induce the people to believe that our Reformed Liturgy is identical with the Missal. The Holy Communion is unblushingly styled the Mass, the gauntlet is thrown down, and the party takes its stand for the Real objective Presence in the elements and on the altar, a dogma on which the Rev. W. E. Bennett's case will, it is hoped, elicit from the highest authority in the realm a decisive judgment. The recent Mackonochie judgment has alarmed many of the ' Protestant' clergy; but the watchword ' Mos pro lor/e' has been suggested to them, which will be echoed again and again for months to come. Many are fearing that the judgment will compel them to adopt every neglected usage that the rubric prescribes, and even to wear the fantastic ' vest ments ;' but cooler heads counsel the quieta non nwvere principle, although it is admitted1 'that respect for law will ultimately prove to be the strongest ground from which to oppose the innovators. The fol lowing comment on the judgment will explain the cause of alarm : — 'The judgment, by laying down that the rubric of 1662 is the sole . and exhaustive directory for public worship in the Church of England, has, by implication, made several long-established usages illegal; has revived and made compulsory several neglected usages ; and, finally, has left the clergy totally without guidance in many cases, It has, by implication, made the following usages illegal : — 1. The use of any metrical hymn or psalm whatsoever, except the Veni; Creator at ordinations. The anthem, permitted after the third 'collect,* is not a hymn at all. 2.. The use of the surplice and scarf as robes for the celebrant and his assistants at the Holy Communion : of a scarf or stole iii all other ministrations; and of the gown in preaching. 3\. The practice of placing the bread and Wine on the Lord's.table before the service begins, 4. The practice of consecrating at the 'north end of the table, instead of continuing to stand in front after the ordering of the bread and wine. 5. The recitation of the ??words j of administration .to niqre i. than one person, at a time. 6. The, use of any prayer in .'the -pulpit (including feyen, perhaps, the. Bidding Prayer) before or after, the 'sermon.''.. ?'.'? The omission of the latter clauses of the exhortation to the Holy Communion, recommending private confession- and- -absolution; : 8. The omission of any-passage in the marriage or '.any other office, except 'where the rubric gives discretion. ' 9. The administration of confirmation by tlie bishop without ; laying : ' his'-hahd::: dn'rth'e :-h'eadr of - every ' :one : severally,?, and using the prescribed words for. each ^person. 10. The insertion by a' bishop, in the .order of ''?'c'6iiflrinaiiQn,,.._o| one. or more addresses ],ov sermons, ^commonly' called ;' charges.1 ;;llvii;iThev '?= refusal of confirmation to children of ?' competent. -age^wHp - have fulfilled all the requirements, on 'no other?; ground ttianthat of alleged insufficiency of1 age.;.. I^.The- oMtting'to.^Tirge confession, on sick -persons,,': or tQ'.pronpunccJabspJfltiorij.'^-^reS^iibed by the rubric in the ? office for. the., visitation. of the. sick. --? i IB^The interpolation, in- the ?course of the Communion service; of the aposto lical benediction; or of any form of words) for the purpose,; of clifeinis sing any part of .the . congregation before the close of the Conimiinxpii service. . The following widely-neglected ?practices 'arejiby ^implica- tion, '.made' compulsory :-^-l. The . daily; : recitationlpf mornirig ; and evening prayer .by all.priests arid deacons':' not, being let by sickness or other urgent cause;' and the public daily saying, of the same in. all parish 'churches 'and chapels unless the curate is- ' reasonably hindered. ' v'2;'';WeeByr^onimura.bn^at 'the least; ihlill cathedral-and collegiate, churchesiancl college chapels.r: . 3. .The use, .of the a,lb, vest ment or cope, andttunicle; ordered 'by ' the .first Trayer- bookj ':. A.D. 1549, as the ? Eucharistic ' .yestments.t' f . -^ the ^ornaments:' prescribed' :;iii the': following ??'?direction contained! in the first \Prayer-book: ' And whensoever the laishbp: shall, celebrate j the Holy Comihuriion. in the church, pr-execute any other ^public '? ? ministration, v;he,;' shall: ': hayev /upon '- liimj ''- besides;; his roohette, :-a surpHce- or '-albej and . ^a 'cope or Vestme'nt,\and also his ? pastoral staff iii his/ liand, ? or else- ;;b6rne-:-i'i6i^Koldenvby':-;liis'-' chaplain.', 5\. The .posture ?Qfv'Vstandihg-b^ table during the whole Prayer, of ?Consecration. ? 6. The1 exclusion .-from Holy Commiimon of \all ,: persons vwho -have - not ^given notice to the curate at' ?;- -least' the- dayl: before^' :'»7vv\rThe proceeding by the ordinary,. in his court, 'against the offending person' who may be repelleclfrorii'Oo'mmiim^ unless weak ness be certified. .9. Catechising publicly in-all parish churches after the Second- Lesson at evensong on' Sundays and holydays. There, areiseveral cases wherein the rubric gives no help to guide the clergy, or where literal compliance involves an absurdity :— 1. There is no direction how or where the priest is- to -begin morning, arid evening prayer, whether standing, kneeling, or sitting, in the chancel, stalls; desk, or body of the' church. 2. There are no directions as to wlao is to; say or sing the Psalms. The priest is-riot enjoined to do so, nor yet the people. If they are not to loot: outside the rubric for directions, the Psalter will not be recited at all.V- 3. There is no rule laid down to guide the priest as to.which; df i.two 'sets of lessons, collects, ~Scg., heisto employ when two -holydays or a Sunday and holyday come together. 4. There is no direction when to say the Litany. The commination office speaks of... the 'accustomed place' for doing so, but that place is nowhere ?; defined. 5. There is no direction how the priest is to stand for the Epistle, Gospel, Creeds, notices, ' offertory sentences,' and exhortations.' 'So far as the rubrics are a guide, he may :. not turn to the people. These startling assertions form part of a memorial adopted at a general meeting of. Ritualists, clergy and laity,- which was held at Freemasons' Hall for the purpose of considering what steps should be taken in reference to the recent judgment, addressed to' the arch bishops and bishops of England and Wales, and, mutatis mutandis, to both Houses of the Convocations of Canterbury and York. Archdeacon Denison presided, and opened the proceedings with prayer, the Veni- : Creator being recited by the whole assembly standing. He proceeded to give details of what, had been done in committee, the result of which will be gathered; from the subjoined document. He concluded as follows :—'.' For- rriyseif j I am not what is called in the. language of the time— which, like- all- other language I know of, yery imperfectly expresses what. is intended — an ' advanced Ritualist.' I love order, decency, solemnity, ^magnificence where magnificence maybe had; in all ' the worship of the King of kings and Lord of lords,' especially in that which' is the central act of worship, and that to which all others tend and- iri which they issue- — the celebration of the Holy Eucharist. But my taste inclines rather to simplicity than to complication of ceremonial. In saying this I am sure I shall not be understood as presuming to find fault with any of my brethren 'whose taste does not accord, with my own. What I contend for principally is the preservation, in all . their . inbegrity, of all and each one of the many links which bind the Church of England . to the Church Primitive and Catholic. I contend also for the liberty of Churchmen as established at and by the Reformation. I contend for this, not so much for the Church's sake — the Church is in God's hand, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it — as for our own and the country's sake. It is a strange and an ominous thing that when all else in England is free, not to say more than free, the National Church is the only thing in. chains ; and that the law, in one cause after another — first, by way of including heresies ; secondly, by way of excluding truth — is strained and misinterpreted, and made ridiculous and contemptible in the eyes of. Her Majesty's subjects, to serve at one time the purposes of reli gious party, at another the free-thinking tendencies of a shallow and presumptuous time. 'For ?us\allV;I,wo\dd;:say3^t-fenei^rcea]8e;''tlie' work of all our. liarias';;aiid':iiiinds and' ?'h'a^dSj'Jtill-'we/liavelrid the Ohurph of God hi 'tliisvlamVof 'tlfe^Gburfcdf-^ existing by law. We have met and talked many tiinfes ;abqut' 'this of late years ; let its add to our talking 'something of' steady,' concerted, and united action. For the order ofthdSineeting^itTOlrbe/I'Canndt doubt/ in all things such as becomes ah assbmbly of Gliristian men who are come together to assert and maintain the' character.' and 'the position of the Church of England, and the honovir due. to the, blessed Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ.' During the Arch deacon's speech Mr. Mackonochie, accompanied by two of his curates, entered the room, and was received with enthusiastic applause; Besides adopting the lengthy memorial to the 'archbishops and bishops, the chief business of the meeting, and that which elicited the views more or less violent of the extreme ritualists present, resulted in the adoption of the following resolution :—' That this ? meeting does not recognise the existing Court of Final Appeal as a court qualified to declare the law of the Church' of England upon either doctrine or ceremonial. .That Avith respect to this particular judgment of the said Court in Mrirti?i:v.. MacltonocMe the meeting finds, among other things, that that 'judgment' disregards the Church of England's fundamental principle of 'connection with and reference to the practice of the Church; primitive;; and -'Catholic ; and at the same time this meeting, ''feeling: the; great-' difficulty of the present case^ thinks there are many [reasons i why. those;- who have used-the ceremonials or practices now condemned by thel Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, may be 'anxi6usi:tp wait rath^r^ than to give immediate effect to the decisioirso' proriounced,' arid crasiders'it is:a matter best left to the individual' judgment arid circumstancesiof each priest who has been accustorhed touseVth^^ Various amendments ancVcounter- ameridmerits were' ibrqught forward during the debate. The course ^pursued '::-by'i'.:'the|-!f-Rev. ?JW|r JV'-'E-) Bennett Will be gathered froiri' the f ollbwnig t^-pHe said he could liardly express the great grief he f elt' at. being obliged to differ froiri many of his dearest friends ; and he felt that he had little' excuse' for address ing them, for he held that such aime'etirig.1 Had no right to discuss such- questions at all. Now, however, that he' was brought before the meeting, he was compelled' to differ from many of those with whom he had acted, arid he would tell them plainly the course he intended to pursue. He had been placed under the stigma of beirig a disobedient subject, but that was not a just charge, because he chose to obey the law of God and his Church rather than the law of the Queen. He thought he should be able to live out that stigma. It had been said they ought to obey the law of the land, but the recent decision of the Judicial Committee was in no sense the law of the land. The Judicial Committee was simply an interpreter of the law, and was not' competent to make law. Then the decree which had been put forth ordered them to do certain things, and to abstain from doing certain other things. Now, what 'was the Court which decreed those things ? There were three powers that made the laws of the Church, and this Court of Appeal was composed of .only two of those powers. Moreover, it was an established maxim that only those who made the laws could interpret the laws. Again, it was ; an established rule in the ancient Church that no layman could take part in framing or interpreting the Church's laws ; and at all 'sittings for such purposes the Holy Ghost was invoked upon their proceedirigs. -Was that the practice of the Privy Council 1 Did the members of 'that body at their meetings offer prayer to Almighty God ? If not, he asked whether the Church of England was to be bound by a body of men meeting in an ordinary legal, worldly way, to discuss these important matters ? Their power to decree rites and ceremonies arid Articles of the Church was directly antagonistic to the Twentieth and Thirty-seventh Articles. No one denied that the ceremonies which had formed the subject of consideration were connected with Catholic antiquity, and yet here was a mere legal body which professed to be competent to ? abolish them. The premises of this resolution were very grand and very noble, but oh ! what a miserable conclusion did that word ' nevertheless ' usher in. He proposed an amendment that all the words- from 'nevertheless' should be struck out, and these words inserted : — ' And therefore it is unable to reconcile submission to the present decree with its paramount and primary duty of obedience to the Church, and can only wait in patience the providence of God.' The Eev. Mr. Mackonochie moved the following resolution :— 'That the clergy and laity present at this meeting deeply lathent the late decision of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, and see in it a call to use their respective positions in the Church and in the world to spread in all possible ways the doctrine of the Real Presence.' The suggestion of a Mr. Turner who seconded this resolution is an inci dental specimen of the Jesuitical proposals made by various members of: the party for evading the judgment somewhat after the style of 'B. B.,' who in the Church News suggested that daylight should be . shut out from St. Alban's, ITolborn, in order that the candles on the altar might be legally lighted. He seconded the resol-.: ' -n, and called upon the laity to genuflect to the Holy Eucharist, as the clergy had been forbidden to do so. The Rev. T. W. Perry proposed the following amendment, which was put and carried unanimously :— ' That this meeting deeply laments the late decision of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, which forbids the use of two lighted candles on the Lord's table during the celebration of the Holy Com munion, though it was the ancient mode retained by the Church of England, and signifying that Christ is the very true light of the world ; and therefore it deems it the more important to use, as cir cumstances may permit, all lawful means in their power to teach the doctrine sought to be impugned by this prosecution.' The lucid judgment of Lord Cairns had shown that a lighted candle on the altar was a ceremony, and something more than an ornament, as was so often pretended. ' The importance attached to the lights and the shrewdness of Lord ' Cairns' comment may be gathered from the semi-ludicrous lamentations of two conspicuous ritualists. The Eev. Orby Shipley said he did not see how, if they extinguished their lights, they could teach the doctrine of the Real Presence, The. judgment, he believed', would be found 'impracticable and incapable of beirig. carried out by any party in the Church. The Eev. C. F; Lowdei-j Vicar of St. Peter's, St. George-in-the-East; said that for twelve years he had taught the doctrine of the Real Presence, and if he put out his lights he should stultify himself before the people. At a subsequent meeting of ' the Ritualists the question of the prose cution of Mr; Bennett in doctrinal matters was alluded to, and it was generally admitted that in the event of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council decreeing that the Real Presence in the Eucharist is antagonistic to the doctrines of the Church of England, the High Church party must, as a body, secede from the Establishment. It happens, however,1 in this as in other controversies, that extreme views in a measure defeat their own ends, if they do not work their own cure. Archdeacon Denison has begun to feel, how perilous his position was becoming, and has published a correspondence with the Eev. C. F. Lowder, in which he states 'that the issue of the meeting makes it' necessary for him to withdraw himself as distinctly as he can from those who hold their position under the law, but refuse to declare that they owe obedience to the law when it decides against them, upon a matter not of faith but of ceremonial.' As has been already hinted, the judgment has more or less disturbed the minds of the evangelical clergy.' Dr. Miller, of Greenwich, was the first to sound the alarm. 'Is there a bishop, priest, or deacon (he asks) by whom— is there a cathedral or parish church, in which — this judgment will not be felt ? The conviction has, for some time, been deepening in my own mind, that the Evangelical clergy must be prepared, not only as a matter of policy, nor only for the sake of order and of peace, but' as; :a .matter, of conscience and duty, to adhere closely to the rubrics. v One of the great evils under 'which we are labouring is a state1 df all but' lawlessness in matters of ritual. It is a scandal and a weakness. Arid I venture to express my conviction that it will be for. the strength' and honour of the Evangelical clergy to show that, as a literal and close obedience to the rubrics involves (thank God !) no surrender of principle, they are prepared to do their utmost for unity and order in matters which are essentially minor matters as com pared with points of doctrine, but not trifling as involving the question of obedience. Let us first distinctly ascertain the points in which the judgment bears on the practice. Where duty is clear, let us not wait for episcopal monitors to compel us. In points of doubt or diversity of opinion, let us ' resort to the bishop of the diocese.' And through out, let us not forget that the clergy do not constitute the Church. Our laity must be considered, consulted, and not overridden. If changes are now necessitated, let us explain our position to them, and make it clear that we are not innovating from caprice or from sympathy with Rome, or as symbolising false doctrine, but only under a sense of duty, and in obedience to law and order.' To this the clear-headed Mr. Eyle says ' Non plaect ;' and, like the apostle at Antioch, withstands Dr. Miller to the face, rather than adopt any such concession :— ' I venture to suggest to my Evangelical brethren the following points as not unworthy of consideratio7i : — 1. In the minor details of our Church services, established usage and custom ought not to be lightly departed from in order to secure entire con formity with a rubric. 2. Innovations of all sorts in the present position of the Church of England are specially objectionable, and ought as much as possible to be avoided. 3. The bulk of the lay members of the Church of England just now are very sensitive, and jealous of any appearance of fresh ceremonialism. Their feelings surely deserve consideration. There are hundreds of large congre gations at this moment where the worshippers are perfectly satisfied with the usages and customs of the last hundred years, and the slightest attempt to introduce novelties would raise a storm. i. The Eoyal Commission is actually engaged in examining the rubrics at this very time. Surely we can afford to wait for their report. We need not be in such a hurry to plead guilty, and make changes which may prove needless after all. ' Qui s'excuse s'acmise.' It is my own firm conviction that most English churchmen are quite satisfied with the way in which the Evangelical clergy observe the rubrics of the Prayer-book, and desire no change. I believe that any attempt to enforce on all clergymen daily services, saints'-day services, preaching in the surplice, consecrating the elements with your back turned on the people, and the like, would give immense offence, and do more harm than good. It is too late to attempt such things, even if they were desirable, which they are not. You cannot dragoon people into being churchmen now-a-days. If they find things altered in a compromising fashion in order to please Eitual ists, they will soon forsake the church for the chapel. The following extract from a letter written by the Bishop of Carlisle to a dignitary whose name is well known to many in this diocese, the Ven. Archdeacon Cooper, cannot but allay the fears that Dr. Miller, and those concerned with him, had awakened. It carries with it something like the weight of an authoritative decision. It is at least a useful caution for the Times — 'In the first place, let me say how important it is that all the clergy should remember that they are members of a corporate body, and that therefore it is not morally competent for every man, independently and of his own mere motion, to ' do that which is right in his own eyes.' They should also recollect that the body of which they are thus members is episcopal in its constitution, and that, accordingly, the instructions of the Prayer-book explicitly prescribe consultation with the bishop in cases of perplexity with regard to ritual. In the second place, let me remind my brethren that all the points upon which their anxieties may be roused, are within the scope of the Eitual Commission ; and that that Commission is doubtless devoting its attention to such of them as have not already been the subject of report, and may be expected ere long to complete its work by reporting 'upon them also. Surely, even if all these questions were now as open as some would seem to think, it is a matter of wisdom to wait till the Eitual Commission has so spoken, and autho ritative action has been taken thereon, adhering still to that. practice of 300 years Which has hitherto, on the principle ' mos pro lege? been the rule of the Church. And there is the more reason for this, because, thirdly, though it is boldly assumed and eagerly urged thai the recent judgment renders the wearing of the mediaeval vestments obligatory, it is by no means clear that such is the case. The opinion originally given by Sir Hugh Cairns (the late Lord Chancellor), Sir Eoundell Palmer, and the present Mr. Justice Hannen, is as distinctly adverse to the use of the vestments as it is to that of the other ceremonies or ornaments now condemned. That opinion has not, it is true, as yet been tested in this particular by a legal suit. This however is, I liear, now to be done. Meanwhile, it is well to act upon the pre sumption that in this respect also it will stand, auieta non movere. Nor should it be forgotten that the Ritual Commission, in its first report, pronounced unfavourably to the use of the sacrificial vestments, as in its second report it did with reference to the ceremonies and ornaments pronounced illegal by the late judgment.' The discussions awakened by the Mackonochie case have brought several matters into notice that might otherwise have slumbered. Amongst others is that of the position of the Communion table, which the Eev. C. S. Davis contends was only placed as we have it by the arrangement of Archbishop Laud. He argues that 'the rubric evidently contemplates the table as standing, not altar-wise (as at present under the Laudian usage), but longways, in the body of the church, or in the chancel, where morning and evening prayer are appointed to be said. If the table be rubrically placed, the minister while standing at the north ' side ' (not, as before, at the north end) will be also seen by the people when he takes the paten, &c.; It is scarcely possible to comply with the rubric if the table be not thus placed. But if so placed, then all is clear and intelligible.' Another point is that of the modern method of the communicant receiving the bread into the palm of the hand. A Mr. Phelps, in contending for the ordinary practice, argues that the rubric proves, 1st, that the deadly error of Rome which enjoins the priest to put the consecrated element into the very mouth of the recipient is clearly guarded against ; and, 2nd, that the rubric makes no distinction whatever as to the manner of receiving the bread and the wine respectively, which distinction those who receive the bread into the palm of their hand are compelled to make, for of necessity they must take the cup. A Mr. Pope goes still deeper into the question. Jesus said to the first communicants, 'Take, eat,' and the Greek Testament word employed signifies 'to take hold of, to grasp.' If simple passive reception into the open palm had been intended, surely the New Testament word would have been ' As'xeo-0*,' and not ' AdBete.' Hence, when our Prayer-book adopts the phrase, ' Take and eat this,' &c;, we know what is meant. The Dean of Ripon, in like manner, in a valuable address to the clergy of Liverpool, contended for the essentially Protestant character of our rubrics, and incidentally mentioned the position of the Communion table, by way of ilhistra tion : — ' And as of the Articles, so also we claim to be the genuine sons of the rubrics, if the compromises of two hundred years' standing are to be discarded, and all the rubrics fully and fairly and impartially enforced. Doubtless much inconvenience will be felt, and the peace of comprehension so long maintained by compromise will be seriously interrupted. But when all our Communion tables are removed from the wall and brought into ' the body of the church or chancel, where morning and evening prayer are appointed to be said,' no part of evening prayer is appointed to be said where our Communion tables now stand. When this is done (and this must be clone, if we are to have no compromise), no place will be left for even the appearance of an altar, no pretence for a sacrifice, and the Evangelical view of the Communion as a commemorative supper will manifestly triumph. All the subtleties of our Romanisers will be baffled, and all their processions and genuflexions rendered ridiculous by the prescribed position of the Communion table. And until their Communion tables are so placed, we boldly arraign them as gross violators of the law of the Church. If they say we do the same, our answer is we have been content with a compromise. 'We have been content to forego this advantage, in order that we might in peace enjoy others ; but if we are now to be deprived of those others, we can no longer afford to sacrifice this. We were Avilling to remain as we were ; we were willing, at great inconvenience, to go much further, expecting to be met with kind consideration. But if we are to have nothing but the law, then we may fairly claim all the law, and with all the law, I repeat we shall triumph. The law here referred to is too plain to admit of cavil. ' The table at the Com munion time, having a fair white linen cloth upon it, shall stand in the body of the church, or in the chancel, where morning and evening prayer are appointed to be said.1 This is a part of the Prayer-book as it is, not as some desire it to be. And, if acted upon, it will practically refute what the learned Selden called 'rhetoric turned into logic ;' a figure of speech into a physical fact. It will show, also, how the truthfulness of genius in the artist rose superior to the corruptions of the Church, when Leonardo do Vinci painted the ? Lord's Supper,' not as a priest or priests before an altar, but as a \ company of Mends surrounding a table.' 1 The Argus has already informed us that the tactics of Mr. Glad stone's Government regarding the Irish Church will be made known to the world on or about the first of the present month, when a bill will be submitted to Parliament. Meanwhile we anxiously scan the columns of the home papers for the shadows which coming events cast before them, and not less for the measures of defence adopted by the heads of the sister Church. It appears that the Irish bishops have been holding a meeting at Dublin to consider what ought to be their course with reference to the proposed disestablishment of the Irish Church. Various proposals were made, grievously indicating the want of wisdom which has left them without a plan or a policy, apparently ' slumbering and sleeping' till the enemy was thundering at then' doors. At last it was resolved that there should be a memorial to the Crown, with the view of inducing the Government to assemble the two Houses of Convocation of both provinces, which are in fact under the patriarchal jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Armagh. The Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol is the first of our English prelates who has spoken out as to the approaching conflict, and _we gather that the Government has come to the resolution of putting aside all other legislation as much as possible, in order that the time and the strength of Parliament may be con centrated on the question of Ireland and the Irish Church. His Lordship said : — ' It is clear that the country to which we belong has declared with a decision that we can hardly call in question — we probably, assembled in this room, should have come to another decision, but the country at large — we cannot help it — we view it, it may be, with sadness and regret — has arrived at a certain decision. Can we entirely resist such a decision, and can we hope with success to reverse it ? I am afraid every Englishman's heart here present sympathises with me, and would arrive at the same result ; no, that may not be. It may not be possible to reverse this apparently strongly predominating judgment.' The right rev. prelate thus proceeded to express his resolution to rally round the citadel of the Protestant faith : — ' Well, then, as it has been with many a gallant army, we seem driven to our citadel. We must man that citadel, and there resolve to fight it out. What I think is, the citadel which must be manned, and which must never be surrendered, and around and within the walls of which we must fight to the last in our Master's name, is the principle and practice of our Reformed Church as over against the system of the Church of Rome. In this grave case of the Church in the sister island — I do not call it the Irish Church, for it is bound up with our own — it is the Church in Ireland — with regard to it we must all do this : watch carefully each proposal that may be made, scan carefully each measure that may be submitted to us, and rest our opposition on that measure, or a partial acquiescence — it can never be more to people circumstanced as we are — according as it leaves in its position of honourable pre eminence the Church to which we all belong, or tends to place in a co-ordinate or superior position another Church. Mr. Bruce, the Home Secretary, has thrown out a hint that the Irish clergy were to be left in possession of their houses and a certain amount of th eir glebes. It has been suggested on the other side that that would leave both Presbyterians and Roman Catholics in a position of inequality. Now it was absolutely necessary that the settlement made should be one of absolute equality, and it seemed to him, therefore, that it was for Her Majesty's Government to consider whether the equality was to be produced by absolutely refusing to leave in the possession of the existing clergy even the houses and the glebes, or whether compensation in some form or other, so as to put them in a position of perfect equality, was to be made to the Pres byterian and the Roman Catholic body.' This is what is called, in the newly-invented phrase, ' levelling- up.' In Earl Russell's third letter to Mr. Chichester Fortescue, he advocates the disestablishment of the Irish Church, but its disendowment only so far as may be necessary for equally endowing the Roman Catholics and Presbyterians. The proposal for endowing the three great religious bodies is defended by the noble Earl on the ground that the State is bound to promote morality; and Roman Catholics and Protestants, he declares, ' are all Christians.' Romanism is superstitious, and not in accordance with Scripture, but it is not idolatrous. If Lord Russell's character were not known before, says the Times, the reader of this ' pamphlet would find in it abundant evidence of the courage attributed to him years ago by Sydney Smith, of readiness to undertake any duty, however delicate and perilous, without any special qualification or preparation for the task.' A great amount of interest has been awakened in home circles by the secession to the Church of Rome of the young Marquis of Bute, through the instrumentality of a certain Monsignor Capel, a well known proselytiser, who had for some time actively prosecuted his work among the undergraduates at Oxford. The Church Review contains the following particulars concerning this unfortunate young nobleman: — 'The secession of the Marquis of Bute, which has been long anticipated, has caused none the less excitement now that it has actually taken place. It is understood that the Marquis had given a promise to his guardians not to take the step during his minority. On arriving at his twenty-first year last September, every one who knew him well expected that he would ' go over ;' events, however, delayed the step until now. His Lordship was a Presbyterian, and always strenuously asserted that if he left the body to which he was allied, it would certainly not be to join the Church, but to become a Eoman Catholic. On this ground he refused to be confirmed, and when in the East informed the Greek ecclesiastics with whom he came in contact that he was ' Calviniste.' It is all the better that his Lordship should not have made the Church a stepping-stone to his change.' Another correspondent of the same journal writes : — ' Eather more than a year ago a Scotch ecclesiastic applied to the Marquis for aid to his mission, making plain in his letter that he was a very High Churchman. He received the following reply : — ' I confess I am somewhat surprised that, with nearly every titled or landed family in Scotland belonging to your communion, you have chosen to apply to me, as one of the few who remain attached to the Establishment, to support a mission in opposition to my own Church.' So then, at the end of 1867, his ; Lordship wished to be considered a Presbyterian.' Apropos of secessions to Eome, the following abjuration is stated »» by Mr. Ffoulkes, who seceded thirteen years ago, to be exacted from ^ these devotees : — ' I promise, under pain of my privileges and bond of anathema, and I engage to you, my Lord Bishop, and through you to Blessed Peter, Prince of the Apostles, and to our most holy Father and Lord in Christ, Pope N., and his successors, that I will never, at the instigation of any one, or in any manner, return to the schism from which by the grace of God our Eedeemer I have been rescued ; but that I will always and under all circumstances adhere j to the unity of the Catholic Church and the communion of the I Eoman Pontiff. Wherefore I swear by God Almighty and his holy Gospels that I will remain immovably in the unity and communion aforesaid. And should it ever happen (which God forbid) that I should, for any pretext or argument's sake, separate from this unity, and incur the crime of perjury, may I fall under the sentence of eternal condemnation, and have my position with the authors of schism in the next world.' J, We find that the Bishop of Winchester has appointed the late Bishop of Mauritius to the rectory of St. Nicholas, Guildford, the living hitherto held by his successor, thus securing to his Lordship (who is practically Bishop Coadjutor) some status and emolument. Begulations, bearing date January 2, have been issued from Cam bridge, providing for local examinations of young women above eighteen years of age. The main stipulations are, that there shall be not fewer than twenty-five candidates at any one examination, and that there shall be a committee of ladies who will undertake efficiently to superintend. There are six groups of subjects on the programme ; languages, mathematics, and political economy being examples of three of them. As the language group alone comprises JEschylus, Euripides, Cicero, Moliere, Corneille, Goethe, and Tasso, cum tmdtis aliis, we fancy that the young ladies will not have much spare time for either crochet or croquet. Mr. Gladstone is preparing for publication a new work, which is likely to rival in interest his famous book on The Church in its Relations to the State. His subject, it is said, is to be no longer the Church, but the world, and the title is to be Jiwentus Mundi. The New York papers give the particulars of the annual letting of the pews in the Eev. Henry Ward Beecher's Church, in Brooklyn. Mr. Bowen took No. 89, the second pew directly back of the pastor's. It should be understood that the amounts bid were premiums in addition to the assessed value of the pews. Mr. Bowen's pew, being 120 dols., cost him 540 dols. The other pews were disposed of in the same manner, 20 having been sold consecutively for 300 dols. each. The total amount of this year is 54,500 dols. for pew-rent alone. Last year the amount was 48,700 dols. The premiums alone this year are 42,500 dols. It appears that the Americans are in advance of us, not only in pew letting, but in the extravagance of the musical element, especially in the Presbyterian and Unitarian Churches. The BeV. G. E. Fox, of Durham, on a recent occasion-°adverted to the subject. He remarked — ' There they have introduced a system of artistic music, which has completely destroyed congregational singing. The custom is for paid singing men and singing women to do the whole, and that in a style so scientific and artistic that no one but a professed musician could join in the singing. The result is that no one attempts it. The con gregation sits and listens to the musical performance, and the churches are transformed into concert halls.' He also dwelt powerfully on the necessity of seeing to it that the emotions of the heart and the acts of the life correspond with the words of the hymns sung. At Oxford, the Mathematical Moderators have issued this class list :— Class I. — E. H. Bromby, Queen's; R. Ewing, Balliol ; A. D. Mozley, Jesus. Class II.— J. Diggle, Merton ; A. E. Edwards, University ; A. F Jeffreys, Christ Church ; J. R. Walker, Exeter. CLASS ILL— A. V. Cox,'.Wadham; H. W. Mort, Queen's; A. Phillimore, Oriel ; F. W. Taylor, University ; E. J.' Wilson, Magdalen. The names of Bromby and Mort are well known in these colonies. The Indian dioceses are not without their trials arising from Eoman ising innovations on Anglican worship. A letter from Calcutta, from a British merchant who has been many years a resident, states that he and his family have been obliged to leave the cathedral church on account of the ritualistic services introduced by the new bishop (Millman), and that so many other members of the Church of England had followed the same course that it was impossible to obtain sittings at the Presbyterian Free Church of Scotland. In the course of a Madras letter in the Church News we read : — ' It was with deep regret that we heard of the death of the late Arch bishop of Canterbury. In at least two of our churches the Holy Sacrifice was offered for the repose of his soul, probably it was also elsewhere. I much regret that the Vice-Chairman M.C.U. did not see fit to request all priests-associate to offer the Holy Sacrifice for the intention of getting a good successor.' The Eev. Dr. Vaughan, Vicar of Doncaster, speaking at the Mayor's banquet, dwelt on the duties which beset the office of a bishop in these times, when with certain clergy it is the fashion to ' appeal froni the bishop, that is, to some shadowy, misty phantom, to which they give, I believe, the name of Catholic antiquity ; something which they can always elude when it goes against them.' He strongly deprecated the confusion of terms which makes the Church the clergy, and held that the laity were more to blame for it than the clergy. 