THE NOMINATION. ON Friday last, the 10th instant, the Returning Officer D. L. Waugh, Esq., J.P., ascended the hustings, erected in front of the court house, Kiama (already comfortably filled by reporters and no- minators and friends of the two candi- dates), and, addressing the assembled electors (about 500), hoped the same order and decorum which had been the characteristic of preceding elections would be observed on this occasion, and that every speaker would obtain a pa- tient and impartial hearing. He then read the writ of election, of which due notice had been given in the local press, and stated that an applicationl had been made to the Colonial Secretary for an extra polling-place at Brogher's Creek, but no answer had as yet been received. (At a later hour a telegram was received, appointing Clarke's house, Brogher's Creek, a polling.place.) He then called on Mr. Miller, the proposer of Henry Parkes, Esq. Robert Miller, Esq., J.P., risinge, said he felt honoured in being the nominator of Mr. Parkes, their late member, who, he felt sure, still retained the confidence of a large majority of the electors, and was without doubt one of the most able and liberal statesmen of the day. He could not but feel sorry at the opposition of his friend Mr. Gray, who was well known in the district, and with whom he had been on terms of intimacy and friendship for nearly thirty years. Still he felt it to be a duty to himself and the principles of the liberal party with which he had always been identified in the district, to propose Mr. Parkes. He repudiated the assertion that Mr. Gray had come out at the request of tihe liberal party. Mr. Gray, who appeared to rely chiefly on the demerits of Mr. Parkes for his success, had been told by himself that he was in a false position, and the result would be alike painful to himself and his friends. Mr. J. Marks had also tried to persuade him not to come out, but apparently without effect. He re- garded Mr. Gray as the nominee of Mr. Robertson and another party, and con- sequently he did not approve of his can- didature. The majority of that party who supported him on a previous occa- sion were now for the same reason against him. The Colleys, Dymocks, M'Gills, Millers, Blacks, and others of the old liberal party, held that he was not honestly or properly before the elec- tors, and ought not, under the circum- stances, to have come forward. The Catholic party, who had been lectured and instructed not to vote for Mr. Parkes, would, with Captain Charles and a few of his relatives, be his supporters to a man. This was not the kind of support he had been wont to rely on, and it would be found he relied on nothing more substantial than a broken reed. Had he come out as a liberal, under liberal auspices, the case would have been different; and he trusted Mr. Parkes, whom he had the pleasure of proposing as a fit and proper person to represent the electorate, would be re- turned by a larger majority than ever (cheers, and " What about the ghost.") J. Black, Esq., J. P., seconded. It was not the first time he had taken part in nomi- nating Mr. Parkes as a candidate for the representation of the electorate, and he hoped it would not be the last. He had performed a similar part on three previous occasions, but never with more satisfac- tion than now. When Mr. Parkes first appeared here as a candidate, he was per- sonally a stranger to most of them, though his name and reputation were, of course, more or loss familiar to them. They had since become well acquainted with his character and qualities; and they sup- ported him because they believed in him. He had no doubt Mr. Parkes had still the confidence of the great majority here. Indeed, it was only within thel last twelve or eighteen months that anybody, or, at least, any number of persons worth speak- ing of, had found reason to complain of his conduct. For himself, he felt greater pleasure than ever before in giving his assistance to secure Mr. Parkes's return. Two candidates had previously opposed Mr. Parkes, and been completely defeated. His enemies now brought forward a third -in whom they seemed to place great confidence. But he (Mr. B) thought that gentleman was brought out under wrong auspices. He was brought out under the auspices of the Robertson Ministry and their supporters (cries of "No, no), He had no doubt at all that this was the case. But he did not believe in Mr. Robertson and his political con- nection. Mr. Parkes was the man to re- present the electorate (disturbance). He hoped they would give every one who wished to address them a fair hearing. He had nothing to say against Mr. Gray personally; he had known him from his youth up, and had always been on the best possible terms with him, but he could not support him in his present candida- ture for friendship's sake, and regretted that he had been induced to come out. Mr. Gray had been returned to Parlia- ment as their representative some years ago, and how did he represent them? [A voice: Well and truly, and laughter.] However well he might have discharged his duties, he soon made up bis mind to relinquish them,--he left the constituency and went to look after his own affairs on the Tweed River. At a dinner given same time subsequently to Mr. Parkes in Kiamsa, Mr. Gray said that had he known the electors would have obtained the ser- vices of Mr. Parkes as their member, he would have resigned long before. Mr. Gray, however, now told them that Mr. Parkes had changed, and that he was therefore justified in opposing him. He (Mr. B.) denied that Mr. Parkes had changed (he has changed). It was of no use for noisy persons to interrupt him; he had but little to say, but he was determined to say it. He could assure them they would not succeed in howling him down; the more they howled, the longer he would stay. Mr. Gray had deserted the constituency-there was no denying that. Mr. Parkes, on the other hand, had served them well, and had be- come a more valuable public man than ever. He had been charged by his ene- mies with setting class against class. If a resolute determination to preserve equal rights for all and to resist the unwarrant- able pretensions of any particular set of men, was setting class against class, then they might bring such a charge against Mr. Parkes; but not otherwise. It was well enough known that there was one certain class much inflamed against Mr. Parkes, and the present opposition to Mr. Parkes relied chiefly upon them. The electors, however, were not to be misled. Independent people knew the state of the case very well; and the ballot on Tuesday next would show that Mr. Parkes's friends were in a greater ma- jority than ever. He had great pleasure in seconding the nomination (cheers). Mr. S. Marks came forward amid much cheering from his friends, to propose Mr. Gray. He said it was the first occasion of the find on which he had appeared before so large a public meeting, and he hoped they would extend to him such indulgence as he might need. He had formerly supported Mr. Parkes, though without taking any prominent part in his election. He was now among his opponents ; and if they would allow him he would explain why. Mr. Miller had said that all the principal liberals of the district, of whom he had mentioned se- veral by name, were Mr. Parkes's sup- porter's ; and he had arged that those who supported Mr. Gray on this occa- sion were not entitled to be called libe- rals. For himself, he had held what he considered liberal opinions at the time he supported Mr. Parkes. He was quite sure he had not changed those opinions, and he claimed to be a liberal still. He thought it argued a degree of arrogance in Mr. Miller to claim all the liberality of the electorato for the side on which he ranged himself. He (Mr. Marks) opposed Mr. Parkes now because he thought it the right course for a liberal to take under the circumstances. When Mr. Parkes was first returned for this electorate, he was returned that he might oppose Mr. Martin, to whom, indeed, he had generally been in opposition. He had assailed and ridiculed Mr. Martin in various ways during the earlier part of the time he represented them, (the speaker read some extracts from speeches formerly delivered by Mr. Parkes). He had, however, quite turned round in this respect. After being re- turned as an opponent of the Martin ad- ministration, and assisting in its removal, he had since become Mr. Martin's closest ally. He thought this a piece of did- honesty. Mr. Parkes had before his first ascesion to office been loud in his de- mands for retrenchment, and they had hoped great things from him in this re-. pect. They had been disappointed, however. The taxation of the country had rather increased; and Mr. Parkes came to his constituents with his own peculiar smile, and told them that it was one thing to be in opposition, and another thing to be in office. Again, Mr. Parkes had spoken strongly against the news- paper tax, but when in office he had made no effort to remove it. He had heard it said that if Mr. Parkes were defeated in the present election, he would still retain such a pleasant remembrance of his con- nection with Kiama, that he would always be anxious to do what he could for it. Well, this would be a great advantage to the electorate. T'hey would have two members instead of one to attend to their local wants. When Mr. Parkes was last re-elected in Kiama, he was a minister. That was not the case now. But it was thought likely that Mr. Parkes would be at the head of the next Ministry; and he thought that Ministry was likely to be, as Mr. Bright said of a certain combina- tion in the Imperial Parliament, a sort of cave of Adullam. He fancied he could hear Mr. Parkes gravely lecturing his colleagues against the various errors they might be likely to fall into, and offering appropriate rewards for good conduct. Sir J. 1artin, for instance, would have to be cautioned against putting forward his favourite theory of protection, and the Chief Justiceship was to be his in a few years. Mr. D. Buchanan was to be warned against eulogising Fenians and rebels like Gavan Duffy, and must be held to his loyalty. (The speaker then read an extract from a newspaper con- taining a report of a lecture for- merly delivered by Mr. Buchanan in which inflammatory and disloyal language was used.) It would appear, if they were to believe the language Mr. Bluchanan now held, that he was converted into a loyal man and a patriot, and Mr. Parkes appeared to be wizard who had effected this miracle. But he could not believe in such conversions, and thought himself justified in opposing Mr. Parkes now on ac- count of the support he had given to such a man as Mr. Buchanan was known to have been. He thought Mr. Miller's pre- diction as to the result of the election would be found a mistake. He had him- self a better name for a prophet, and he predicted Mr. Gray's return. What would they gain by returning Mr. Parkes? Mr. Gray had always been a liberal of the genuine stamp, and had paid every atten- tion to their local wants. He had exerted himself successfully to get the breakwa- ter undertaken; and had obtained a grant of £700 for the Shellharbor jetty even in spite of the reluctance of the Government to put the sum on the Esti- mates. If he was returned to Parliament now he would be likely to do more service of the same kind. There was no danger that Mr. Gray would be found countenan- cing any design against the Public Schools Act. If anythling, he would be disposed to make it more secular. He gave full credit to Mr. Parkes in refer- ence to the passing of that Act; and had no antipathy towards him, but thought it desirable that they should send into Parliamentn as a representative one of their own rearing,--one like Mr. Gray, of sterling honesty and intelligence. He hoped to see Mr. Gray at the head of the poll on Tuesday; but, however that might turn out, he desired that all anti- pathies and ill feelings which had arisen out of the present contest might be for- gotten when it was over, and that all who had been friends before might be friends still. For himself, if any remarks of his had given just cause of offence to any one, he sincerely apologized. Let the electors weigh the two candidates, and choose the fittest man to represent them; and he was convinced they would choose Mr. Gray. He thanked them for the patient hearing they had given him, and begged to propose Mr. S. W. Gray as a fit and proper person, &c.; James Robb, Esq, J.P., seconding the nomination of Mr. Gray said, having on a former occasion been a supporter of Mr. Parkes, it was perhaps necessary to ex- plain the ground of his present opposition. Mr. Parkes had made a speech before his constituents that produced a feeling of distrust and enmity among the people of the colony, which, if made at all, ought to have been made before Parliament. He considered Mr. Parke's conduct in the case of Mr. Duncan reprehensible. He (Mr. Parkes) no doubt thought he could not be done without, and when the resignation took place he would be sent for; but that was not the case. Mr. Robertson was the man; and when he had formed his Ministry, Mr. Parkes brought a want of confidence motion, which he (Mr. Robb) conceived to be a most scandalous affair. That, however, did not succeed, and Mr. Parkes and his party met the Government with such a factious opposi- tion that they were not able to do any thing for the good of the country. Mr. Parkes's next text was stop the supplies; and he with five or six others, had suc- ceded in preventing useful legislation and the passing of the estimates, merely for the sake of place and power,-not caring a straw for the interests of the people. He gave Mr. Parkes credit for the Public School Bill; at the same time the principle was not a new one, it was only a new bill manufactured out of an old one. There was also some credit due to him for the Municipal Act, but it was not without its faults; for magistrates could not adjudicate in muni- cipal matters merely because they had the interests of ratepayers; and when Mr. S. C.. Brown brought in a bill to amend this and other defects, it was op- posed by Mr. Parkes. These were some of the reasons why he had changed his opinion, and now supported Mr. Gray, who was an old and tried friend and repre- sentative,-one who had in justice to the coast opposed the extension of railways. Mr. Parkes had, during the last five years, done nothing to forward the har- bour-works. Two years of that time no- thing at all was done, the excuse being they were waiting for the Wollongong plant; whereas the interest on the money then expended was more than the value of the plant. The works were now again standing still, and what was the reason? Why, the constitutional practice of vot- ing the supplies one year in advance of the expenditure had been opposed and defeated by Mr. Parkes and his party. lHe therefore supported Mr. Gray, and seconded his nomination. [The contlnuation of the nomination will be found on our second page. 