crnr co$RBspox*pjsN€E. rFrom onrotrnCoTTEiTioiident.*! Adelaide; October 21,1869. . . Crises are growing shorter and shorter—duller ! -and duller, as if theywere destined to go out of ~ fashion soon. There isnot the slightest doubt they wiU/too, if Mr.' Carr continuespegging away at them as he did on Tuesday. You remember his twenty minutes' crisis on the Northern Terri .' foiy resolutions, and how gloriously it ended. ' That was fully a year ago, and Mr. Carr has been improving his talent in the interval. Bis financial crisis, with which the legislative business of this week commenced, was compressed into a quarter of an liour, and ended with one of an adverse majority for every minute that had been wasted in speaking upon it. Mr. Carr led off with, an ironical, wail over the misfortunes of the scullery maid at the Hospital who had been cat down a 'shilling a week. He was satirical on the Trea surer for sparing his own 'myrmidons from the stroke of the prrining-knife. . He butted hard and 6ft at the genteel young men of the Civil Service, and dolefully contrasted their easy fate with that of the scullery-maid. Then he dis covered that he had a financial policy—an old j delusion of his. It is an improvement on some of the Treasurer's delusions, however, for it bears \- explanation. Its origin is this—Mr. Carr came into Parliament ;in 1865, and though the ad mission is not very complimentary to himself, he thinks the colony has been going to the dogs ever since! The buoyant revenue and the patriarchal expenditure of 186& are Mr, Carr's financial, ideal... He~has bo ambition, left him but .to restore the Treasury to its pristine innocence of 1865. The revised Estimates differed from his model year in a variety of items, and his conscience would not permit nim to go into Com mittee until these fatal discrepancies were re moved. He insisted that another £10,000 could be saved, and that the Estimates should be returned to the Government for further revision. As soon as his motion had been seconded, Dan Fisher suggested a division; but the Canites protested against -the contumely of a silent vote. Mr. Baker seized the ghost of a debate and attempted to put some life in it, but when he sat down it collapsed again. Those who had any thing particular to say knew that they could say it with greater effect after Mr. Carr had been extingushed, and so they allowed him to die put. When the division came he took only half a dozen with him, while Strangways had one-and (wenty besides himself. Fifteen of a majority would sound well in a no-confldence debate with any other antagonist than Mr.- Carr, and even fr'th him it was a pleasant surprise to the Ministry. Some of them had received a Lochiel Earning on their way down to the House that ttischief was brewing, andadefeat not at all improbable; but the news must have been carried to the wrong camp. It may, however, refer to come other occasion, when a different stamp of leader to Mr. Carr will be put in the van. The Government, notwithstanding the mi TOCulous draughts of gudgeons they have had l&tely;, know that their luck is not to be depended Ipon. The .Assembly, with its apparent ob sequiousness and/docility, may be playing a game whieh will come to the surface after the dirty Work of the session has been cleared off. It fishes to see some work done, if only to save the future reputation of the session. The Incensed iKictnallers Bill, the Electoral 'Bill, the Insolvency Bill; and a few other of the Attorney-General's own measures it would like to place under the protection of the Upper House before Donnybrook opens. Then the financial muddle must be re duced to such a shape that a transition would no imperil all, and entail doing it over again. . While this difficult and delicate work remains on the board the Attorney-General may flatter himself that he is invulnerable.. But he sees a disagree-' -lftile prospect beyond. Say that a month hence the Assemblyahouid find it has accomplished a tangible amount -of -legislation, and either over come or shirked the troublesome part of its. «sp6nBibility—then7will-be Mr. Strangways* -time to wotchhisfeet. "The Opposition is looking farther a-head than he oan; and the last month of the session may bring in others to reap where he has sown. Some who are helping to swell his majorities now may mean to pay themselves when he has prepared for them the opportunity of a cheap victory. If the defeat of Mr. Reynolds and Mr. Carr means anything, it makes two competitors the - fewer, and so much better a chance for those who remain uncompromised. One of the uncompromised represents a district not a hundred miles from the Iiight, and though his cards are still dark they are beginning to be talked of. The Yankee who offered to finish the Crimean War by contract has been studying the Fort Adelaide improvement question. He sees that the Marine Board and the dredges are aground on the inner bar; that Captain Fergusson is out of his soundings at Light's Passage, and that the Assembly will never reach dry land in discussing Mr. Hill's motion. He "kalkelates" that if we are to have a port at all somebody must make us a present of one; and why should'nt he? He has forwarded an offer to the Government, through Mr. Percy Wells, to extend Port Adelaide across the peninsula to St. Vincent's Gulf by means of a branch railway, to terminate in a jetty a mile long. He would spend £200,000 on the philanthropic undertaking, and not ask a penny in return. The jetty dues and railway tolls would, he believes,, yield good interest on ' his outlay, and - with the sanction of the Legis lature he would joyfully make the investment. The public have not made up their minds yet whether Mr. Percy Wells is serious or in joke. At first the Government saw the proposal on the humorous side, and suspected Mr. Percy Wells of a hankering after cheap glory. Then they turned the thing round, looked at the other side, and as sured Mr. Percy Wells of their ministerial sympathy. The next step will be to submit plans and estimates, which the projector has intimated that he will very shortly be prepared to do. Should these be approved the Government will have to introduce a Bill into the Legislature, and the Legislature, assuming that no harm can be done by passing it, will of course give Mr. Percy Wells all the Parliamentaiy sanction he can desire. What next, and next? I question if Mr. Wells himself very clearly sees so far into the future as that. Most likely the horizon of lii» hopes is the of a company on the 'LondonExchaiOge: What with the "guarantee" principle and the Murray Tramway, we have been talking more than is good for us about the Stock Exchange^ of late. This scheme has evidently the same origin as the railway negotiations of Messrs. Wallace and Har "vey. Two astute gentlemen—engineer and stock broker—come out from England" about the Port Augusta Tramway. Having set that in train they look out for a few other irons to put in the fire. Tour district was honoured with their first visit. The next was paid to the garden of the colony. ' Both produced veiy flattering results. You jum ped to the conclusion that the Murray Tramway was forthwith to realise its destiny. The South Easterners expected Mr. Wallace back in a month \- or-so to commence operations on the great semi circular railway from MacDonnell Bay to King ston. Engineer and broker have half a day to spare. They go out on the Gulf, and to fill up time design a magnificent jetty, to be constructed halfway between the Semaphore and the outer baT. Mr. Percy Wells undertakes the diplomacy, and here is the result. It will be hard lines if Messrs. Wallace and Harvev don't get something to take home with them after all their perseve rance and ingenuity. 