LECTURE ON ABYSSINIA. Oa Wednesday evening the Rev. Dr. Tucker delivered a lecture at the Oddfellows' Hall, "The late war in Abyssinia, and the British captives there." A moderate attendance was present; Mr. T. O. Jones occupied the chair. The well-known hymn—"Jesus shall reign where'er the sun," being given out by the Eev. H. T. Burgess, was sung, after which the Bev. C. J. Evans offered prayer. The Chairman then introduced the lecturer— Dr. Tucker, who said—About a century ago an enterprisiug traveller passed through Abyssinia, and afterwards published a book containing a graphic description of the country ann people, entitled " Travels in search of the source of the Nile, by James Brace."—a book that had passed through more editions than any other book of modern travel. Previously to this, perhaps, no country was so little known, or so fabulously described. During the middle ages it was known as the land of " Prestor John," where the marvels of nature, like the mines of gold, were exhaustless. Lndolphus—a German who wrote a history of this country about the middle of the 17th century—had mingled fable with truth in his narrative. He gave a map, in which the position of several districts and towns were given accurately; but on the same sheet he gave a drawing of a flying monster, and in another place, one of four monkeys, who were represented as making a stand against two ferocious lions by simply throwing sand in their faces, and be also said that the celebrated unicorto, so continuously sought for in all corners of tie world was first seen. hero. Eveiybody was familiar with "Rasselas, the Prince of Abyssinia"—a beautiful fiction by Dr. Samuel Johnson, founded on certain Portugese chronicles that were chiefly imaginary. At the present time, however, there was no lack of information within easy access, for the press had issued more than 200 various works relating to Abyssinia. One of the most interesting and popular of these was a volume published by the Illustrated Londnn News Co., in which the narrative had been derived from authentic sources, and the pictorial illustrations from sketches of artists who accompanied our army. He had not himself been in Abyssinia, and therefore could not speak from personal observation of the country; but he was well acquainted with two of the captives, and had consequently made himself familiar with the events of their captivity and release. All that be now proposed wa3 to convey some information, the result of various reading oa the subject, and to place in a clear light the conduct of the Consuls and the missionaries, aud by means of a sketch painted from an outline given by one of them, he could introduce them. In the centre of the picture were the Eev. Mr. Sterne, with Eev. Mr. and Mrs. Rosenthal, missionaries of the Church of England ; on the right were Consul Cameron, Dr. H. Blane, and Pietro, an. Italian; and on the left were Consul Bassatn, Lieutenant Dridieux, and Kearns, an Irishman, who had been Private Secretary to Captain Speedy. The story of their captivity, and the principal events of the war had been fully described in the daily press; but the origin of the war was not generally known, and it might be worth while to review some of the events, In order to ascertain the cause of this barbarous captivity and most •wonderful military campaign. ' Those who were only imperfectly acquainted with the subject probably would ask—Where is Abyssinia ? By the aid of a large outline map the geographical boundaries of the country were traced. Thi3 map embraced about 500 miles of the coast of the Bed Sea, and the same breadth of the interior, including nearly the whole of the country that was anciently called Ethiopia. The sea board as now claimed by Turkey, and the low desert lying between the coast and the high land <"f Abyssinia, is occupied by lawless and independent tribes. The mountain range—the lofty plateau—the towering peaks that were covered with snow and ice—the Lake Tsand, 50 miles in breadth, •whose basin was 6,000 feet above the sea—and the river courses—were each briefly described. Abyssinia proper he said to be a vast table land about 400 miles long, with % sheer breadth of 200 miles, and the population was estimated at nearly 4,000,000. Some persons were content to be ignoranb of geography, and consequently they often made ridiculous mistakes. Two years since the naval officials of the British Government ordered H.M.S. Octavia into the Bed Sea to visit Massowah, and if necessary, Gondar also—the latter being the principal city, and about 250 miles from the coast, surrounded by mountainous ranges. (Laughter.) It would perhaps be asked. Who are the Abyssinians ? The name of the country was derived from " Habesh," an Arabic word, denoting a mixed people. The population were however generally of the Caucasian race. The chief language was the Gheez or Ethiopian, which is mixed with Hebrew and Arabic words; bnt this was now a dead tongue. The living language -was derived from it, of which there were four dialects—the Amharic, Tigre, Siioa, and Yejoos; these were all closely connected, and might be understood by all who were acquainted with one of them. Dr. Hecke collected vocabularies of 13 languages spoken in Abyssinia and in the countries south. There •were two separate principalities, peopled by different nations. The Tigre and the Amhara people were subject to one Government, and professed the same religion; but had always been hostile to each other. Sometimes the principal chief was the ruler of Tigre, and at other times the ruler of Amhara. The Faleshas were a settlement of skilled Jews, occupying t^highest point of the Sarnien mountains; tifty were either from Arabia some time after the Mahommedan conquest of western Asia, or from Palestine after the destruction of Jerusalem by the Eomans. Bishop Gobafc visited them in 1832, and in his private journal he paid:—" I have never observed that they take the least interest in the idea of the Messiah, and when I examined them on the subject, they coldly replied that they expected him in the character of a great conqueror, called Theodoros, who must soon appear, aijd whom the Christians also expect; but the poor Faleshas do not know whether he will be a Christian or a Jew. What they have in common with other Jews is hatred of Christ. They have a dialect among themselves, which has no similarity either with the Hebrew or with the Ethiopic; but all of them, except some few families speak the Amharic. I have seen but one book in the Falesha dialect written in the Ethiopic character. I have seen some individuals who know pretty well the contents of the works of Moses. They read the Psalms with the repetition of the Christian Doxology—* In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,.' They do not allow the Christians to enter their houses, except by force, nor do the latter desire to enter them for fear of their supernatural influence. All of them are considered sorcerers. After having spoken to the Christians they never enter their own house without first washing their bodies and changing their dress. All the provisions they buy in the market are washed by them before they use them. Their intercourse with the Mahonedans is a little more free than with the Christians. They never carry arms, either for attack or defence. They maintain their own poor, and will not suffer them to beg." The Falashas were the only artificers in the country—the builders, carpenters, smiths, and porters, but they were not merchants, for the travelling Arabs attended the fairs and markets, and supplied the slaves, as well as cotton and other articles. In the sixth century, and in the middle ages, Abyssinia was the seat of a powerful monarchy, and inhabited by a vigorous and ingenious race; but the country had for many centuries sunk into a state of semi-barbarism, and the people had been secluded in their mountain home, and shut out from intercourse with other nations. There were some interesting ruins at Arum, the ancient metropolis, near Adowa, the present capital of Tigre, and also far to the south at Ankoban, the chief city of Shoa, which was of old Ethiopic foundation. Many of the peculiar customs of the people were delineated. Another question would be—what was the religion of Abyssinia ? There was a tradition prevalent, both in this country and in Europe, that Christianity was introduced by the eunuch of Queen Candaee, or by St. Matthew and St. Bartholomew; but these wero not supported by any collateral testimony. It appeared clear that the Christian Church in Abyssinia was founded in the time of Constantine, A.D. 330, when At.hanasins was the Patriarch of Alexandria, and Frumentius was consecrated Bishop of Ethiopia, perhaps in the reig^i of King Aizinas, whose name appears on tlio inscriptions of Axum. When the Greek merchant Cosmas visited Abyssinia, A.D. 526, it was comparatively a Christian country, and was well provided, •with monasteries and churches. The King of- Abyssinia, Zarah Jacob, in 1445 sent an am-* bassador to tho Council of Florence, when nothing was then known in E:irope of the country. Neither the Portugese military adventurers who visited the country in the fifteenth and sixteenth century, nor the Jesuits of a later date, could induce the Abyssinians to acknowledge the supremacy of the Pope of Bome. They had always received their Aboona, or Bishop, from the Patriarch of Alexandria. With the Christian religion the Abyssinians received the Holy Scriptures, which they now possess in the Amharic aud Ethiopic versions made, according to Ludolf, from the Greek Septuagint. Bruce brought with him from the country a complete copy of the Ethiopic language, and also a set of Abyssinian Chronicles. The Liturgy in use was similar to that of the Greek and Coptic churches, with a singular admixture of Judaism. There had been recently au issue by the British and Foreign Bible Society of portions of the Old and New Testaments in the Ethiopic, Amharic, Tigre, and Galla dialects, and 43,000 of these had been circulated. The remarkable career of Theodore, who ruled the country for 14 years, was then rapidly sketched. After he was crowned King of Abyssinia in 1855, he was friendly with the English, and Consul Plowden had given a flattering portraiture of him. Some European visitors, and the Bev. Mr. Stern had also spoken of hiui as being likely to promote the elevation of his country. The change of feeling towards the English was traced to the absence of good counsel iu the Court since the death of Mr. Bell and Consul Plowden, and the unscrupulous conduct of Samuel, a converted Jew, and of Bardel, a Frenchman, who had left Consul Cameron. Theodore conceived an intense hatred to the British Government in consequence of the neglect of the Foreign office to reply to a letter he had written to the Queen, and gave himself up to habits of intemperance. Every movement of the Consul or the missionaries, and every act of the British Government was misrepresented to him, and he proceeded to wreak his insane wrath on the defenceless missionaries, whom he tortured and held in captivity, together with the Consuls and others. It had been said that Theodore had proposed a matrimonial alliance with the Queen of England, but thia was not true, for the letter was written on a subject that had been propoeed to him by the British Government. It was as follows:— November 1st, 1S62. " In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost—one God in Trinity, chosen of God, King of Kings, Theodorous of Ethiopia, to Her Majesty Victoria, Queen of England.— I hope your Majesiy is in good health. By the power of God I am welL My fathers, the emperors, having forgotten our Creator. He handed over the kingdom to the Gallas aud Turks. But God created me—lifted me out of the dust, and restored this empire to my rule. He endowed me with power, and enabled me to stand in the place of my fathers. By his power I drove away the Gallas. But for the Turks, I have told them to leave the land of my ancestors. They refuse. I am now going to wrestle with them. Mr. Plowden, and my late Grand Chamberlain, the Englishman Bell, used to tell me that there is a great Christian ! Queen, who loves all Christians. When they told me this, " we are able to make you known, to her, and to establish friendship between you," then in those times I was very glad. I have given them my love, thinking that I had found your Majesty's goodwill. All men are subject to death, and my enemies, thinking to injure me, killed these my friends, but by the power of God I have exterminated those enemies, not leaving one alive, though they were of my own family, that I may get by the power of God your friendship. I was prevented by the Turks occupyingtheseacoast from sending you an embassy when I was in difficulty. Consul Cameron arrived with a letter and presents of friendship by the power of God. I was very glad hearing of your welfare, and being assured of your amity. I have received your presents, and thank you much. I fear if I send ambassadors with presents of amity by Consul Cameron they may be arrested by the Turks, and now I wish that you may arrange for the safe passage of my ambassadors everywhere on the roads. I wish to have answer to this letter by Consul Cameron, and that he may conduct my embassy to England. See how the Islam oppress the Christians!" This letter wa3 not answered, and the King held all the English in captivity, exulting in their degradation and misery, until after four years' endurance of the indignity, Lord Stanley wrote a brief letter dated April 16th, 1867, and made a demand of liberation for the captives. Shortly after troops were conveyed from India to the shores of Africa, and under the able and gallant command of General Napier, they ascended the pass of the mountain barrier, traversed the desert regions with their commissariat, and then advanced to Magdala, the stronghold of Theodore; then in one short, sharp, and decisive battle they annihilated the power of the tyrant, who, when he saw his troops were decimated and vanquished, retired to his hut, and fell by his own hand. The prisoners were release! from captivity, and united with the principal officers in solemn thanksgiving to Almighty God. What might be the future of Abyssinia it was difficult to conjecture, but he might express tlie hope that the war would be overruled by providence for the welfare of the country. Prince Alauiazoo, son of the Emperor Theodore, is uow in India, where he will be educated under the charge of Captain Speedy. There were more than ninety State prisoners confined with the English captives, who were most of them related to the families of the chiefs, and there must have been all of them favorably impressed by the conduct of the English, and the power of England. The lecture was illustrated by eight beautiful large water-color drawings of the scenery of the country. A vote of thanks to the lecturer, and the singing of the doxology, concluded the proceedings. 