? POSTPONEMENT OF ENGLISH MAIL.—The Postmaster-General has received a telegram, stating that the R.M.S. Malta did not leave Port Phillip Heads till 8.40 this morning. The closing of the outgoing mail in Adelaide has therefore been postponed till 4 p.m. to-day for letters via Southampton, and 5 p.m. via Marseilles. Summaries and other newspapers posted by the general public, or from the publishing offices, will be received at the General Post-Office up to 3 o'clock. GALLE TELEGBAMS.—Merchants and others will be interested in hearing that, owing to the postponement of the mail steamer's departure, the Adelaide Telegraph Office will receive telegrams for dispatch via Point de Galle up to 4.30 this afternoon. INSTITUTE HOUBS.—At the annual meeting of the South Australian Institute, held on Mon day evening, a resolution was carried to the effect that in future the Library should be opened at 11 a.m. instead of noon, and closed at 9 p.m. in place of 10 o'clock each evening. It was also proposed that on public holidays the Institute should close at 6 in the evening. The carrying out or modifying of these proposals will necessarily rest with the Board of Governors, and no change will take place till they have been considered. POET MACDONNELL MOORINGS.-During the heavy weather on Tuesday last the Flying Squirrel dragged the moorings she was at in the bay about a cable length. The Government were at once telegraphed to to have the anchor replaced, and we understand the schooner Jet, now in the Bay, has been engaged to do the work before leaving.— Border Watch. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY.—The House of Assembly have decided to adjourn over to- morrow and Friday. LEOTUBE ON CANT.—On Thursday evening (to-morrow) the Rev. J. L. Parsons will deliver a lecture at Lefevre-terrace Baptist Chapel on "Cant." In this morning's Register Thursday, 16th October, was misprinted for Xhursday, 14th October. PROPOSED NEW HAEBOUB.-WC understand an offer has been sent in to the Government by Messrs. Alfred Watts and Percy Well, to construct a jetty and breakwater between the outer bar and the present jetty, which will afford accommodation for the loading and discharge of ships up to 2,000 or 3,000 tons. The spot is a little over a mile from the Semaphore Jetty, being withm a mile and a half of the Port Bridge, and they undertake to continue the railway from the fort Station, erecting a new bridge over the stream, with provision for horse and passenger tram? as well as the trains. The jetty would run mto 26 feet low water spring tides, a.nd we are informed that independant of the breakwater, there is always comparativelysmoocb water from the protection aflorded by the Wonga Shoal on the one. side, and a shoal not named m the other direction beyond the Lighthouse, formerly the Lightship, about a mde from the proposed site. The gentlemen makmgtiusotter undertake to provide moorings, and aU a pPliances and facilities for discharging and loading cargo in addition to the works themselves, ori condition of being empowered by Act of Parliament to purchase the necessary, land for the m way and aLlowcd to collect the jetty dues, the je ty being licensed as a legal landing P l under the Customs Act. The question remuneration in connection with the railway would oicora. to some extent separate. The whole matter• wJJ. we believe, be shortly brought befores Parliament, and a more detailed offer will be submitted, but the main features of the scheme we believe to be those stated above. LARGE SCHOOL.—A Melbourne contemporary, referring latelv to the progress made by the Bankstreet Common School, Emerald Hill, says:— 'Since the additions have been completed the buildings of the establishment cover an immensely large area of ground, and are capable of accommodating from 800 to 1,000 scholars." HEATS IN RACING.—At a meeting of the Victoria Kacing Club the following rule has been adopted:—"Wo races shall be run in heats on any racecourse under the management of the Victoria Bating Club." WATEB FOB JOPITER DIGGINGS.—We find from correspondence just printed by order of the Assembly, that, on August 14, Mr. Arthur Boyle addressed the Commissioner of Crown Lands, applying for permission to cut and construct a race through Crown lands, with a view of conveying water for gold mining purposes from the Onkaparinga river to the Jupiter Diggings, and requesting the following privileges:-" A grant for gold mining purposes of a width of three chains on each side of the said race, on all Crown lands at present unoccupied, and a gold mining lease for 1,000 acres of abandoned ground, within the area of the Echunga and Jupiter Gold-fields." The letter proceeds thus- " The length of this water race will be about 20 miles, and will require an outlay of at least £8,000, so that it is necessary to have a large area to work to protect me from a certainty of loss by the scheme. The race will not in any way interfere with present vested interests. 1 can make arrangements with all the freeholders and riparian proprietors who would be in any way affected by this temporary diversion of a portion of the waters of the Onkaparinga. The water will be returned to the river down Long Gully and Jupiter Creek. There are no mills, manufactories, or industries of any kind requiring water power between the point at which I take the water and where 1 return it to the river; nor, indeed, until within a few miles of the junction of the Onkaparinga with the tidal waters of the sea. As I previously stated, by bringing water upon these old diggings, I can render payable auriferous ground that has for years been abandoned, and could not be worked conveniently m any other way. I can myself, in the censtruction and working of the race, find regular employment at good wages for several hundred men, besides encouraging those who have either experience, capital, or pluck, to work areas of old ground, by supplying them with water from my race. And, lastly, I have the best reasons to believe that the success of this enterprise will commence a new era of gold mining in South Australia and be the cause of opening up many new gold-fields which are known to exist, but not at present considered payable for want of water.'" The writer concludes by trusting that the proposition may receive favourable and immediate consideration, so that he might proceed with the necessary survey at once, and commence work before the summer set in To this application on September 8 the following reply, signed by Mr. J, N. Blackmore, Secretary to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, was received: —" With reference to your proposals on the sub ject of a race to convey water to the Jupiter Goldfields I am desired by the Hon. the Commissioner to inform you that the subject has re eived the careful consideration of the Government, but that they are uuable to meet your wishes.' The subject is, we understand, to be brought before Parliament by Mr. Townsend. THE PARAMATTA.—Captain Warren on October eports:—"The ground in the 42 end south of No. 1 Shaft is still hard, and as a necessary consequence our progress is slow. The lode is large, and makes good patches of rich yellow ore; but as yet there is nothing continuous about it. We have not intersected anything in the 42 cross-cut yet, neither do we expect to do so for some time; the ground there is hard also. In the 32 end driving north of No. 2 Shaft the ground has changed for the better, and moderate progress is being made; the lode now being driven through can be taken away at a profit. This end is within two fathoms of the wiuze sunk from the 22-fathom level, and will probably be communicated in about a month. As the bottom of the winze is now below the back of the level, and as soon as this is holed I shall be able to start two stopes here at once—the northern one being the most valuable yet seen in the mine. The stopes in the back of the 22-fathom level continue to yield their usual quantity of ore. The same will apply to those in the 12-fathom level at the new grass shaft, at which place we have now over 200 tons of ore at surface of a high percentage the class being chiefly red oxide and grey and green ores, in immense rocks of from one to five cwt each. I have not commenced to dress this yet but may do so next week. The great risk attached to the sampling of hinh class ores m thenrough state induces me to hope that I shall not be called upon to sample this pile until our crushing appliances are complete, which will be very shortly now. In .No. 3 Shaft we have still a splendid lode of ore going down, and the same is standing in both ends of the shaft from its present bottom to the level, above a depth of 7 fathoms. The present yield of the shaft is about 10 tons of 18 per cent, ore to the fathom. We shall commence to drop the pitwork in this shaft in the course of a week after which I trust that better progress will be made in sinking. The 22 end north of this shaft is hard and poor, and as there is only four fathoms of ground standing between this and the corresponding drive from No. 4,1 do not anticipate any improvement, but directly this is holed I shall resume sinking in No. 4 Shaft, and also commence a winze in the bottom of the level between Nos. 3 and 4, which will go down in a good course of ore. The lode iu the late tribute pitch at No. 4 is not looking quite so well as it was, but is still turning out very good ore. The prospects of the mine improve rather than diminish, and there need be no misgivings as to the future. The quantity of ore raised during the week is 200 tons. I have sent away 203 tons, and have 683 tons now on hand. AT.AHM OF FIBE.—The Argus says:—"Just before the last scene of ' Hamlet' at the Theatre Eoyal on Wednesday night a panic on a small scale appeared to seize a portion of the audience in consequence of an alarm of fire being raised by the 'gods.' The only foundation for the sudden surprise seems to have been that some Chinamen had been letting off crackers in Little Bourke- 6treet, in celebrating a religious ceremony, and the smoke was seen coming from the upper part of the stage. The generality of the audience did not know what was the matter, but the noise of a rush in the gallery was quite enough to cause a number of persons in other parts of the house to make for the doors and the exclamation that some one was foolish enough to make that the tidal wave was coming perhaps had the effect of increasing their speed However, it required but a few seconds to show' that the alarm was needless, though the house was some minutes in settling down to quietude again, and the Ghost had once more to come from the grave with the assurance that there was not the slightest cause for the agitation. Herr Bandmann also felt called upon to remark that this glorious country was not destined to go down yet for some thousands of years. The audience cheered, and the piece proceeded without further interruption. Might we venture to suggest to the police the deirability of restraining Celestial enthusiasm when it is calculated to work harm to other persons. Humours relative to the cause of the alarm differing from that here assigned were in general circulation last night, which it would be well for the management of the Theatre to enquire into and clear up as soon as possible.' 