THE NATURALIST. FEATHERED FRIENDS. No. I. That " Birds in their little nesta agree" was one of the earliest pieces of natural history I was taught. It was not conveyed as an ornithological aphorism so much, but was in* tended, with its context, to be a moral teacn ing. I suppose we were rather a pugnacious family, for I am sure Dr. Watts' incredible natural history and doubtful rhymes were being for ever quoted over our devoted heads. My juvenile belief in his facts was somewhat shaken by an incident I noticed while on a visit to New Cross, a village near London, which I, in primitive ignorance of green fields and pleasant hedgerows, imagined to be "the country." While I was curiously gazing at a martin's nest, built under the eaves of a school-house, to which my atten tion had been attracted by the unusual chirp ing within it, behold a poor naked little iledgliug was ignomoniously ejected by a pro cess more summary than legal or pleasant. The unhappy waif chirped out a melancholy note or two in my hand and then gave up the ghost. Armed with this proof that " birds in their little nests do not agree" I bided my time, and the next occasion on which the famous lines were quoted I astonished my amiable grandmother, by assuring her, that, as she was mistaken in her premises, which I could prove, I was by no means sure that her conclusions were above suspicion. Dear old soul! Her look of blank astonishment and her exclamation that this "child was too much for her" are before me now. I dare say she believed that little birds did agree in the most angelic manner, and I have no doubt she thought it " a shameful sight for children of one family to fall out and chide and fight" I know her theory did not ex tend beyond childhood, for she had a long standing lawsuit with one of her brothers, whom she cut in the street if she met him. I had always some cariosity as to the habits of birds, and though I had seen that delightful book, Bewick's British Birds, and had read part of Audubon's account of American birds, I had never had any opportunity of person ally taking note of their peculiarities. But an occasion arose after my arrival in the colony, when I had two magpies presented to me; and these formed the nucleus of the tiny collec tion of birds I now possess, and of whose eccentricities I propose to give a sketch. These two magpies manifested very differ ent tempers and ways. The one was naturally of a domineering disposition, and crowed over and abused his companion in a most unmer ciful manner. Eventually I separated them, "incompatibility of temper" being the cause. Like many another couple parted for the same ostensible reason, they were not any happier for having separate establishments, and the gentler one of the two (I always be lieved it was the lady bird) evidently was dis. posed to forgive and forget After a month's probation I allowed them again to take fur nished apartments together, and in a few days the old system of " bullying" on one side and submission on the other recommenced. However, I thought perhaps "patient Grizel," as I named the meek one, preferred the cawings and pecktngs of her lord.and master to solitary confinement and so I did not again interfere. Foot or five months and poor Grizel fell sick. Up to this time they had not been suffered to wander about mncb, bat now they were permitted to range at their sweet will, when the fierce one, who was, jpar excellence, called Mag, " dawked" the fowls, hadstand-np fights with the old rooster, who did not like to be mocked by an upstart black-and-white bird without a tail, and on his own dung-hill, too. It was amusing in the extreme to see tbeold fellow, at the head of his harem, strutting about and selecting a favourable spot for the exhibition of his vocal powers, give utterance to a crow that was the signal for all the .cocks in the neighbourhood to follow suit Now mark Mag. He has approached within two or three feet of Chanticleer, and then and there deli berately re- echoes the vaunting crow, which has evidently satisfied the cock at being ini mitable. Wrathfully the insulted original and veritable crower torus upoO the saucy jeering imitator, and with head depressed and neck-feathera all ruffled, he malrqi a descent oh hiis mocker. Mag waits the ex pected onslaught, and when his-assailant is within easy distance, executes* sharp piropettflb and gives him a puli of jtbe tail feathers, hops lightly on to; the top of the dog's house, which) the cock dare not ap proach, and again repeats his jeering crow. Of oourse, the cock walks'off'in JignifM disdain, pretending nOt to Beat -the last lo trwmplvel of the magpie, and -1 nursing Us wrath,' to keep it warn" for another day, U the tnegntlrne patientGrizelis drooping dgy by day. ,She follows we aboutthehpuse, tspegkto ,her washer only pccompUsh meht), ehd (finally quietly dies, apparently sfithbut great pkin, ^ Igrieyed much for (he poorlittle thing, motrthat she was yery pretty ordevpiylmt Only she -"loved much"iaher quertbiW-Bkemannet.v >» • ' r sorrie'.years^lag ,remMned 'sole' bccih ^teased ids ppd chUiRg Wt. When free, end bgjlong at stfcWtt, when- be was paged. He abhorred * children; Chinamen, and women whowote ^toud''' colours, andinvariably.tes tified Bfe&islings; < In a vary marked manner, whsa-fcb Iwdd'ehfaioe. hy flying**the moat of their< persons. -H' fft, 1M V fcbod 'cdigh of tahtage/'dotai he 'the' faces; or ndeks" ofBUs on the ground, the chubby calves of the un happy juveniles who ventured on his domain were sure to suffer. He learnt what I may call a family whistle—that is, some notes used by my father to his brothers and copied by us—a sort of private cooee, but he never exhibited this acquirement until he was one day in great danger from a large hawk hover ing over him, when loud and clear came the familiar sound that instantly called us to our feet and brought him rescue. Twice he was lost and twice recovered, costing us each time 58.—more than his original worth. A friend gave me a white cockatoo, which I immediately named " Mrs. Gummidge." She had a miserable habit of swaying her self to and fro, and uttering a prolonged grumbling, complaining noise, which fairly set one's teeth on edge. I never was very much attached to this bird, and she was by no means accomplished. She was supposed to have learnt to say, "Go to thed 1." Be it distinctly understood, please, that I did not teach her the phrase, and, indeed, I was long in doubt as to her capacity for saying it at all. However, I was going up the country to the friend who had bestowed Mrs. Gummidge upon me, and, as it appeared desirable, was taking tlie bird to consign her to the original owner, for whose society I fancied she might be fretting. Bart of my journey was by coach, and I sat inside, in company with a policeman, bis prisoner, two Irishwomen, whose' food since infancy had but too evi dently consisted mainly of onions, and the minister of a dissenting congregation. Whether it was due mainly to the motion of the coach, the small talk of the minister, the odorous breath of the Hibernians, or all combined, I am unable to say, but before arriving at tbe half-way house, I was very ill. On resuming our journey, some gentle man kindly gave me the box seat. Mrs. Gummidge, who never would submit to a cage, was perched on my hand, and had up till then behaved very welL She had even ceased her monotonous querulousness, and was evidently contemplating her new sur roundings with qniet interest. Some time after the second start the above-mentioned minister put his head out at the side to in quire after my welfare, and subsequently that of Mrs. Gummidge. Whether she resented it as an impertinent interruption to her reveries and observations, I know not, but at any rate, for the first time in my hearing, she gave utterance to her sole speech, and " Go to the d 1" came out as clear, sharp, and dis tinct as the crack of the driver's whip, need not say the minister had no more in quiries to make. Poor Mrs. Gummidge died soon after from a surfeit of wattle blossom. Another lapse of time and a pretty grey cockatoo parrot was given me, and very soon after I bought its more brilliant mate. A few days after the purchase, by some mis chance the cage door was left open, and the "Young Loch invar," as I called him, flew away, leaving his mate lonely and lamenting. Poor little thing, I wished to take her to England with me, and she died on the pas sage. When we were about 800 miles from the Azores, which was the nearest land on the homeward voyage alluded to, a hawk of the smaller species Hew on board, and at night was secured by one of the sailor boys. Fierce and savage the bright-eyed little creature looked in its cage, and throve on the raw meat with which it was fed, thongh it would tear the hand that fed it if it were able. He did not even seem very weary after his long flight The captain of the ship subsequently bronght me Hie small sea waif to Bath, and I brought it to London, and, after a twelvemonth's resi dence there, again to sea and so out here. Captain Azores it his name; his nation no one can accurately tell, and there are divided opinions as to fait species. Some say it is a kestrel, some a sparrowhawk; I incline to the former opinion. He is tame enough now, and will feed from one's hand quietly enough, though he objects to being handled. He be trays great partiality for white inputs, pork, lamb, and poultry, and he relishes a mouse very much when he can get it Since be has been here he manifests an intense desire for vegetable food at times, green peas, lettuce, cucumber, '■ apple or melon feeing equally acceptable,, and ho will leave meat to secure either of the above tit-bits. He lives now in a good-sized: aviary, with parrots, love-birds, Sus., in " per-' feet amity and love," as a celebrated actor once said of bis conjugal relations. Perhaps he considers that he performed a sufficiently long aerial tour to secure his laurels, and has retired thereon, or perhaps he would prefer a wider field for his exertions, hut now he is the atillest of all the birds I hate. He selects the most convenient place for looking ont on his world, and there he remains, motionless and ever watch fuL ' If one calls " Captain—1 Pfitk," swiftly fais hpadwilltnra right round, facing you. but foe-body will remain sta tionary. He climbs up and downfor water, i and hops from porch toperch,but shows no desij*! for flight when we givebim the run of, the garden. He regards all the bright-coloured,' chattering birds round him with perfect in j difference, except when' tuay of fhm tryto' steal bis meat, when he ruffles his feathers, < epreadshis wings,' and altogether looks apl formidable that they desist from ahjropph attack.; I must leavethegoesipebout my< yoselias and other birds tUlffoxt yraejk," 'Ju j 