THE The slrifos of factions and tho vorbal wara whiol aro wagod within tho walla of tho Legislativ! Assembly may not bo productivo of any very groal amount of amusement to tho publia who have to pay for these politioil diversions'; but to a Loungor like myself, who can gather tests from tho lips of Folly, and who delights in all the vagaries of tho human animal, theso squabbles furnish ondless enjoyment. I think tho Parliament of the country is becoming a most amusing institution ; and I havo latterly found tho incidonts of tho debatoa as mirth-provoking as any I entertainment which could bo devised, To contrast [ tho conduct of Jaoks in office with the conducts of Jacks out of office is an instruc- tivo and amusing occupation; and whoa one regards tho virtuous indignation with whioh tho Isadore of tho Opposition fire into the ranks of tho honorable gentlomen who sit an tho right of tho Speaker's chair, and remombers how thoso said loaders wero subjectod, not long ago, to similar chas- tisement, ono cannot but bo surprised and pleased ot tho facility with which opinions chango. That which Mr. Martin thought extremely reprehensible a few months ago, and which ho condemned then with all tho o'oquonco with which nature and his profession have gifted him, he now considers to bo very proper. This time last year hb was the strenuous opponent of obstruction,-wondered at tho impudence, tho us. patriotic feeling, tho undignified conduot of thoao who threw obstacles in tho way of tho G-ovornment. Now. you soe, when limes are changed, aud tho wheel of Fortune has whirled tho honorable and learned gentleman to tho Opposition Ponchee, ho is the greatest obstructionist in tho II-msc. Thoro is no repressing him. B aton once, and forced te retiro, bo must or s his army again, and cornea up smiling to engage the enemy, not with any hope of victory, but simply with a view of re- tarding operations. Ho starts up. Uko a sort of politi- cal Jack- in- the-Box, and under corer of motions of censure, hopes to ¡rapado tho course of rmhlin rmsineen rind hrinn- ni« nntvinnnia In rrinf NTntc thero is no doubt that ia this w¿y Mr. Martin is i very dangorous opponent. Bo poeeoeseB remarkabl skill in tho manufacturo of want of confldenc motions. Ho can turn any question into a vita point of policy ; and by reason of his singular power of distortion and wonderful aptitr.de fo making new or discovering obsoleto con ä ti tutional principios, ho can convert tho sim plost and most formal 'matter into a partj question. Thus ho can be obstructive at any time and without scemiog to bo to; for though he maj have no caso at all, and no hope of persuadiog thc House that ho has one, ho ca n throw a veil of asscr< lion and dogmatism about his obstructive motions, and thus h id o from a largs portion of tho outside j world their real character. Tho last motion upon which tho Opposition were beaten wai, howevor, a i bona fide ? a want of confidence motion. It was made unjustifiably, and without tho smallest show of rcaao.i, but still tho composition of tho House gavo hopes of j its'boing carried. But what can bo said of tho mot iou with roferenco to Mr. Duncan's restoration which I tho lato Premier is about to movo? He certainly cannot havo tho smallest hope of carrying that; and as bo must bo perfectly confident of defeat, there can bo but ono reason for his conduce. He is going to obstruct tho Government. There is no doubt of it. " Moved by a strong sense of duty"-no doubt -and "acting with extrome reluctance," the honor- able gentleman is going to throw down another bono of contention over which ho hopes to set all tho Par- liamentary mastiffs fighting, while the business of tho country is " going to tho dogs" in nnothor way. Oh, itisnn astonishing thing how much men will dare and do for tho sake of duty. If you quarrel with your neighbour, you harass him with legol proceedings from the strictest sonse of duty; and thero never was an honorable member of Parliament in this or any other country who, when preparing to scarify aa oppo- nent, did not oxproes his deep regret that his duty compelled him to put asido all poreonal feelings and bring down the lash upon tho shoulders of his honor" able friend opposite, with all the muscular power ho possessed. I have therefore a very keen perception of tho exact amount of motivo power which, io tho pre- sent instance. Duty exerts in tho mind of Mr . Martin. I am sorry that Mr. Parkes has kept himeolf so quiot lately, for ho was wont to amuse mo very much indeed, and his reticenco doprivos mo of many excel- lent trouts. I wish he could bo trotted out a little; but I fear thero oro fow good paces loft in him now. Tho trot would bo n moro shamble, no doubt; for the poor follow'B Pegasus has been so fearfully overridden and knocked about, that a cantor would most probably cvontuato in a tumblo for tho proprietor of tho ea gao io us but ill used boait in question. Mr. Parkes is perhaps wiso to hold his tongue ; for, whenever ho bas on previous occasions opened bis mouth, ha has so invariably put his foot in it that ho probably begins to wish that ho had hoon muzzled before his speech bolraycd him so nwfully. I'vo a great affection and compassion for this gentleman. Most manly and generous hearts do sympathiao with gentlemen in difficulties, no matter how deserved thoso difficulties may bo. While tho highwayman is out upon tho road, fully armed and prepared to tako your monoy, or, in default thereof, your lifo, you feel a very justiUublo indignation against that most objectionable person. But when tho poor wretch comes to grief, and when the active and intolligont constabulary tap bim on tho- shoulder and inform him that tho gamo ¡B up -when Atropos Bnips tho rascal's «"H.- .-.I l," IA »rn. "forr.nl. limlin nP r,(T.,n,)nr against tho laws-you. can't holp fooling a littlo pity for that downcast and woo-bogono felon, Without I likening tho Hon. Henry Farkos to euoh a character, II may still bo permitted to apply tho same moral to him. Tho Hon. Honry Parkes has berm playing a nico littlo game tor soma throe years past, and noir ! when Fate has ooma down and trumped tho miserable I man's bost card, and he has staked and loit his last figurative doit, I pity him. Moreover, I would not ' breathe o word ia his disparagement nt such a timo as j this. For he is on trial, it scorns. . Thoro is a cortain committee sitting eomowhero, about certain grava j mailors connected with Fenians and ghosts and out. rogos ; and Mr. Parkes' littlo game is being investi, j gated as fully -as oven Mr. Parkes can desire. Na j wonder he is silent-ho ia " waiting for the end,'> j and I don't think his patience is very sorely triod, for the end may perhaps bo tho wroag end for him. Tho late Minister for Lands seems to ma a vory in- judicious kind of po roon and calculated ts bo rather moro valuable as an onomy than as a friond. . How very lore ho seems to bo oa tho subject of Mr. Duncan's restoration to office ! Why one would almost; suppose tho worthy gentleman had a grudgo against Mr. Dun- can, or had. an affection for Mr. Berney. Itat he osuld not havo boon influenced by pomonal coniLdcra llons you know« If he had any penen»! feeling ht tho matter, ho would havo held his tongue; for ho ie aware that public questions should not bo deoided by tho mero confliat of private animosities. Certainly Mr, Wilson seemed moro angry than I should have thought necessary, and he was quito as bitter as if he wore pouring out the vials of his wrath upon a per- sonal foe ; but I'll not fcoliovo that ho acted upon any but public grounds. Oh, no; ho it the last man ia the world who would. Ttioeo poor prisoners in that mail steamer-how ennuieed they scorn to ho-and how they inundato tho Trcasuror and tho Assembly, individually and col- lectively, with petitions for releasol Quito a sensa- tion was producod tho othor day, by tho production of a letter from one of thom. Mr, Eagar pulled it out of his pocket, and road it to the House. The Houso didn't Uko it. Thero wore doubts aa to wbothor the document had boon .fumigated ; and the Opposi- tionists wero annoyed with Mr. Engar because ho had not takes the missive over to the Government sido of tho II0U6O, and allowod tho Ministry to run the risk of contagion. _-_ 