SHje Courier* PUBLISHED DAILY. TUESDAY, APRIL 6, 1869. THERE are some questions that cannot by any possibility get themselves settled in any reasonable time, on account of the great diversity of opinion entertained re- specting them, and the wonderful quantity of " talk" which can be, and invariably is, indulged in about them. Every one has a pet theory of his own on these questions, which he firmly believes is the correct one, and so, when they come up for discussion, he tries, with such talking powers as be possesses, to make converts to his own views rather than to examine closely into the truth ov falsity of the views held by others, and the result in most cases is, that after weary days and nights have been spent in debate over the matter, every- body holds the same opinions as at the beginning, and the most that can be accomplished is a compromise. Notably among such questions is that of parliamentary representation. Ever since 1782, when PITT introduced his Reform Bill, the question of representation has been an interesting one to vast number« I of people, and, instead of such interest dying out, it has gone on increasing year by year in ever widening circles. Parlia- mentary reform agitations have at once been the most numerous and the most popu- lar in England, the Corn Law agitation excepted, during the last seventy years. Sir JTRANCIS BURDETT, DANIEL O'CONNELL, Lord JOHN RUSSELL, FERGUS O'CONNOR, and a countless host of minor celebrities, have mounted into notice by espousing and stoutly advocating some plan for amending the representation of the people. Nor is the agitation at an end even yet, either in the mother country or elsewhere, where repre- sentative Government exists. In countries j which have made the greatest advance in this respect the machinery for electing representatives in Parliament, Congress, Legislative Assembly, or whatever it may be called, is cumbrous, clumsy, and capable of great improvement, if the right way of setting about it could but be discovered, and sufficient power brought to bear to overcome the prejudices, timidity, and eis inertia, which are the greatest obstacles to progress of all kinds. One thing is especially clear, however, in respect to these reform agitations, anti that is the gradual development of the fun- damental principle of Democracy. As THOJIAS CARLYLE very truly says, the liberty " to send your fifty-thousandth part of a tongue-fencer into a national debating club " is, when deeply considered, no very great gain after all, but it is undoubtedly the aspiration of the most intelligent sec- tion of the people in every country where Representative Government exists, and is certain to be realised by slower or swifter steps. '. Political equality," the right of every one to have a voice, either personally or by deputy, in the making of the laws he is called upon to obey, is already recognised as theoretically true, and its practical adoption is only a work of time, rail against it who may. When we recollect that Mr. MILL'S pro- posal to give votes to women is no whit more extravagant than DISIUELI'S Reform Act of last year would have appeared to the leading politicians of 1832, he would be a bold man who declared that another thirty years, or even a much less time, might not see that, or something like it, also carried into effect. One after another, the old theo- ries as to the basis of representation have been found to be either false or resolvable into the one fundamental principle of popu- lation as the only true basis of representa- tion. Mr. DISRAELI'S " fancy franchises," by which he proposed some years ago to give votes to persons who had acquired a certain amount of school education, who had a certain sum to their credit in the Savings Bank, and a number of other quali- fications of a similar kind, had all to be given up when he came before the House with his last Bill, and the only sure ground he could find to found an Act upon was the ratepayer, pure and simple. This is getting far on to manhood suffrage-and even womanhood suffrage, as a final claim. In our own Legislative Assembly, a few days ago, an entirely new theory of ad- justing the representation was started namely, according to the numbor of adult males in each district. It is not the only novelty of the kind which has been brought forward in our local Parliament. About eighteen months ago, when Rockhampton was in a rather more prosperous condition than it is at the present moment, Messrs. ARCHER and FITZGERALD insisted upon it that the Customs revenue ought to bo the basis by which representation should bo adjusted. This proposal, extravagant as it may seem, is more defensible as a theory than Mr. RAMSAY'S. If it bo admitted as wo doubt not it will, that it is the peuple, and them only, for whom Parlia- ments assembles and laws aro made, and that it is this same people who have to pay tho expenses of being so governed, then it follows logieally enough that the town or district which contributes the largest share of the expense ought to have the greatest number of representatives to take care how the money is expended. But, unfortunately, liko many other beautiful theories, this one is impracticable, for the simple reason that it is impossible, or next to impossible, to ascertain the exact proportion in which tho several districts do contribute to the Cus toma' revenue. The seaport towns whero the Custom's duties aro collected, are little more than tho outlets for produco and in- lets for imported dutiable goods, winch aro afterwards distributed far and wide over the interior, and it would be just as reason- able to credit the citizens of Brisbane, Rockhampton, or Maryborough with the whole amount of the produce shipped at thoir ports, as it would bo to credit them with all tho revenue collected thero. Mr. RAMSAY'S theory of adult malo population rests on no recognized prin- ciple. The "ratepayer" is for tho time being a veritable mombor of tho com- munity, haying " a stako" in tho country, | greater or smaller, and presumedly inte- rested in its prosperity and good Govern- ment. But the majority of your " adult males" havo no such claims. They are not ratepayers in any country, and least of all in Queensland, and if of the unmarried station-hand class -shearers, " lambers down," or shepherds and stockmen, they cannot be said to have any " stake"-not even the smallest twig-in the country. One colony is much the same to them us another ; they know little and care less about its politics, and the only prosperity and good Government which interests them in the slightest degree is that which secures to them the largest negotiable cheque for the smallest amount of work. As con- tributors to the Customs revenue, they are for the most part scarcely on a level with the women and children of the coast towns. All that is practical in Messrs. ARCHER aud FITZGERALD'S scheme is included in the population theory-not the adult male population only-but the entire contribu- tors to the revenue, and this is recognised in a great measure in the bill now before the Ilouse, and on that ground alone, if for no other reason, it is deserving of support. THEBE vero no casos boforo tho District Court, criminal jr 'isdiction, on Monday. Tho Court adjourned until this (Tuesday) morning, when civil cases will bo dealt with. AT the Central Polico Court, yesterday, Wil- liam Callaghan was brought boforo the Police Magistrate and fined 10s. for being drunk and disorderly ;n Russell-street, South Brisbano. Tho horso ho was riding was taken to tho Pound. On removing tho saddlo tho poor animal was found to havo a largo raw on both sides of tho spine. The further charge of cruolty waB thoroforo preferred against him, for which he was fined £3.-Patrick Butler, a cab- man, was fined 10s. for boing di unk and dis- orderly ; and Elizabeth Chappol, for a sinr'ar ofTenco, was fined 20s., or twenty-four hourB imprisonment in tho coll. BAIU.OW'S drawing-room entertaiument was ropcatcd last night at tho Victoria Hall, to what might bo considorcd a tolerably good houso for such a very inclement night. All parts of tho performance wero well received, but tho first and third wero, perhaps, tho best and most truly amusing. In the first part, tho Scotoh ballad " Crcop aforo yo gang" was given with truo point and humor, and tho sensational song " Havo you seen tho Ghost ?" was exceedingly laughable. Mr. Barlow, in his local hits, as Granny Snow, is redolont of Gympie, and wants a littlo coaching up in Brisbano gossip. Tho third part, or negro ontertainment, is the best of tho wholo, and in itsolf is we'l worth going to seo and hoar. Altogether tho performance is ono dosorving public support, nnd Mr. Barlow is us pleasant to hear and seo as wo haye known him in his best days. TnE following appears in a Java papor : "At a quarterly public sale, on December 30 last, at Pndang, on tho west coast of Sumatra, the Government disposed of 35,200 piouls of Sumatra coffee, for guilders 1,323,400- viz., 3-1,000 picul?, first quality, at guilders 48*48 per picul ; and 1200 piouls, inforior quality, at guilders 12*44 per picul." Tho picul is equal to 136¡ English lbs., and tho guildor to Is. 8d. English raouoy. SOME timo ngo wo noticed in the Straitt Times (Singapore) a story too good for our columns, giving an account of tho miraculous saving from drowning of sorao shipwrecked mariners, by a fish " very Uko a whale," on tho coast of Sumatra. The yarn was rather a tough one, but docs not appear to havo been too much for tho " twonty breeched Boors," as an old writor collod tho Hollanders, because wo find tho following in a Botaviau paper of 26th January last:-" lu confirmation of tho story publishod in ono of our Indian papers of a native having been saved at sea on tho buck of a fish, ono of our civil sorvauts who has just returned from a tçïp to Sumatra, and upon whoso voracity wo can roly, has informed us that during his stay nt Bcncoolon ha mot a Chinese who assured him that his lato father, who was shipwrecked between Boncoolen and Padang, was taken on tho back of a tortoiso and brought to n vossol a considerable distanco from tho wrock, and that tho roBt of tho crew woro all lost. In tho w'll of his Into futhor appoars a clauso, requesting his children, in remembrance of his wonderful escapo, to sparo all tortoisos, and lo do thom all the good that lay m thoir powor." THE Gympie Times says :-" In consoquonco of information having boon received of tho discorory of a gold-field in tho neighborhood of tho Gilbort Rango, in tho distriot of Burko, sovorul porsons havo started from Gympio for that locality. Tho placo in quostiou is about 160 milos in n diroct lino west from Rocking- ham Bay. Tho Rev. W. B. Clarko somo timo ago proclictod thut an extensivo gold-fiold would bo found in the vicinity of tho Yulloy of La- goons, whioh is divided from tho sito of tho alleged discovery by a high range. THE most notablo and important ovont during tho week has been (says tho Mackay Mercury, of March 20) tho arrival of tho Mariposa with part of tho sugar und rum milking machinery for tho Pleystowe plantution. Tho work of un- loading tho vossol is going on with all dispatch, und somo of tho houvy massivo pieces of manufuctured ¡ron of various shapcB and si/.os havo already been lauded on tho bank of tho rivor, ready to bo convoyed to tho plantation and adjusted in tho mill-house. Tho remaining portions of the plant aro oxpcctrd to reach Mackay some Bliwt timo boneo. Mossrs. Russell and Co., of Sydnoy, woro entrusted with tho order for tho maoliinory, whioh is ostimatod to cost about £5000, exclusivo of freight and other expenses of transit. 