IRISH REMINISCENCES. ' SHEMUS O'BKIEN,' THE INCIDENT WHICH EVOKED IT. In Reminiscence No. 83, I referred to an extraordinary circumstance which is matter of ; record in the Criminal Courts of Limerick — viz., j how the sub- sheriff, O'Brien, permitted the , convict Tavia to escape from the gibbet at J Gallows-green— how the High Sheriff, Billy' Fitzgeralil, who was O'Brien's uncle, was fined j£500 by the government for the malfaisance of his deputy, how the nephew was disinherited by Ms uncle, and several other matters in relation ' thereto, all of which, we are sure, are well ; remembered by the reader. This took place ? about the time of the Duugannon Resolutions ; j and the declaration of Irish Independence by the Immortal Henry G rattan. There is a sequel 4o the story, however, which I mast now append in order that all the facts may appear just as they happened.at the time. It is true that Mr. Lefanu has written a long and admirable ballad on the escape of a person consigned to death at the period, and who ran off under nearly the same circumstances. Mr. Lefanu styles it 'Shemus O'Brien, a tale of Ninety-Eight, as related by an Irish peasant' — and lie tolls how 'The Sheriff's/were, both of them, punished severely, An' fiuod like the d— I, because Jim done them fairly.' ? But' we believe .Mr. Lefanu drew on the bank «f imagination rather than on stern facts for his very spirited and admirably versified narrative' ; And however highly we may praise his inventive faculty, we must not pin our faith to all that he kas told us in his own charming way, and with thestrength; raciness and power, which charac terise the emanations of the ' ' poet born. ' Ours, however, ia a real story — an emphatic and cor rect one. The government came down upon the High Sheriff; who paid the penalty ; or rather, as we have already stated, who compelled his nephew, the Sub-Sheriff, to knuckle down with the cash. We have seen the official receipt for the sum, and other documents connected with the transaction. The disinheriting will of Fitz gerald, as we shall see by and bye, was the sub ject of litigation and contention for some time — but we must follow the facts as they present themselves to us in true historical order. It was the custom in those days when an un fortunate man was brought to the common place of execution and subjected to the horrible mani pulations of Jack Ketch, for the neighbours, no matter how far they resided from the tragic scene of legalised life taking, to come into the city, dressed in their best, and with all the solemnity imagin able, to witness the exit of this wietched being from the world, and to offer the homage of their consolation to surviving members of the family ; and if the crime for which the culprit suffered was not absolute murder, for which, in those days, the body after hanging a defined time, was cut down and then carted to the County Infir mary, to be sawed, slashed, and doae for by the Surgeons, secundem artem, the body wa3 given to the friends, when it was usual to convey it in* procession, amid keening and sorrowing, to the paternal home, where it was duly waked, and in _ a day or two afterwards buried ia the old grave yard in the presence of hundreds of sympathis ing followers. It was thus with the hero of the Romance which we are writing. O'Brien had a false collar made for Tavis ; and the rope which was cut in a few minutes, the whole affair being over in an unprecedentedly short space of time. A coffin was in readiness, largo enough, no doubt, to afford 'the victim' sufficient rooni and verge ; and furnished with a quantity of air opes which enabled him' to brear.Le freely. Placed on men's shoulders — confederates, no doubt— and followed by nu-nbers who were in the secret, as well as by some who were not, tlie body was conveyed as far aa Tubber Puourling, where Wilson's Nursery now ia. There the ' crowd partially dispersed; whilst otber3 were told that the body should go no farther for, that night. There the lid was taken oft' the coffin ;: the temples of its tenant were bathed, and he the tenaut — startled by fch?- position in which he found hiuasoif, stupified, indeed, and tur.roc-'.. stricken, though he had been made .i ware. of the; preparations for hts escape— jumped i-O'his feet ; and, in a perfect panic, n»,n as fast as terror could urge hiaa, through tho country, looking '? back occasionally, as though ue imagined the officers of tho law— hangmaa and all — ware in eager piusuit of him. He rail as swiftly, as possible until he reached ..! the hoixmi of a turn named FFojjan and here, ;both doors being opeij. he dash«d through the front and out ton 'vick door, Ho^an .neantims strusk', to the earth through fear of thi3 apparition iu the whii;e ttuiael waistcoat, -die white, drawers and stockui^s - impressed as he was with tue belief that, it was the gho-j?. ?.?£ the man whose execution, he as -veil as all t'.W other nui^hbours and frie%i'ls, lv* I come into Li'msrick that morn ing to witness. Hogan's .'boa»,. a delightful flute player, was amasing hiinsolf at the moment performing S'kcio Irish airs on his favourite in strument; ai- I he, too, fell to the ground in utter anaazi:*ra.:ut and horror So clumsily was the business done at Tubber Phourling, and ko general became the rumor that Tavis j a naped alive out of tins coffin, the facts reached blw ears of Mr. Lake Dalton, the magis trate who fOiamitted Tavis, aal in whose hands the prosecution of the case was ; and he, tired with indignation, ran in hot haste in pursuit, and brought with hicu as many constables and bailiffs as he. could — but they could not keep up ; with Dalton, who indeed, had got a hint as to I the direction in which the fugitive wa3 flying; and coming up to Hogan's house, which is near the bog of Ballycahane, the doors as yet open as when what Hogan believed to be the ghost of the hanged culprit glided swiftly through, and Hogan himself, supine on the floor, to all appear ance dead— not haying as yet recovered from the effects of his fright ; Dalton shook him. violently, and demanded where Tavis was — but Hogan unable to stir hand or foot, could not afford the slightest possible clue to the whereabouts of 'the ghost.' Dalton, in a word, was altogether at fault. The red bog of Grawn was near; and into the bog, with as much celerity us could be given by fear to his heels, ran Tavis, all the while dressed in the gallows uniform ; and ready to encounter and defeat any obstacle, rather than succumb. Panting with rage, and in the utmost excitement, Lake Dalton not knowing what to do, called aloud upon every man he met for information in reference lo the . man in white clothes who was running wild through tho country. Dalton bore a very tyrannical reputation. He was of that old school of Tory Justices who measured law from his parlour window, or in his hall, and who, if witness or offender was not quite cleanly in appearance, directed his groom and underser vants to take him to th'e'puinp and afford him a sufficiency of water. In fact, Dalton, for these, and for other reasons, was in the worst possible odour with the people. One old countryman whom Dalton met, and roared at, put both hands to his ears —turning the palms out, as if he were labouring under the deafness, in order to enable him, as it were, to catch his words, Dalton roared the more loudly when he saw the old countryman perform the acoustics with his hands — but the louder he roared, th» more imperturbable appeared the old countryman, until Dalton, wound up to the very utmost pitch of excitement, endeavoured to ride down the old fellow ; but, in so doing, the anio-al stumbled, and Dalton was near coming to grief in consequence. The old man went off, laughiug heartily at the awkward position of the Squire ; and as there was no one willing to advance the object which Dalton had in view, Tavis was afforded quite enough of time to betake himself to the woods of Caherass, and from thence to tbe woods'; of Adare ; until, at length, having made the circumstances of his escape known to some sympathisers, and Dalton not finding it convenient, or prudent, or practicable, to perse vere in the' hue and cry, Tavis was afforded means of escaping from the country, which he did fi;om Cork, where lie took shipping for Nova Scotia.— Limerich Chronicle. 