ME. HUSSEY AS HAMLET. HE Shakesperian student should see "HAMLET" in every phase. The " HAMLET" of SUL- LIVAN, MONTGOMERY, and BANDMANN each possessed some beauty, presenting a different conception of the great part. The peculiar excellency of MONTGOMERY'S "HAMLET" is its elegance and repose; that of BANDMANN evinces fire and vivacity; SULLIVAN'S was a combination of the two. The HAMLET" of <( HUBSEY presents features never before attempted on the stage, and therefore stands out in bold outline. The costume is unusual, the Prince wearing the billycock of the period, and a wig of ruddy hue. The other apparel is black, of course, and the boots are the acknowledged high-lows of the court of Den- mark. It has long been a debatable point as to whether " HAMLET" was mad. HUSSEY'S impersonation is certainly that of a demented sprig of royalty. " HAMLET," according to HTJSSEY, is as mad as a hatter; that is, he has a tile loose. This is expressively made apparent by £he frequent dropping of his hat. Li the first scene with the ghost, his excitement is so thrilling as to completely enthral the audience, and hold them spell-bound. The chamber scene is equally fascinating. The address to his mother is painfully [natural. The audience are dissolved in tears, those persons immediately under the gallery having to put up their umbrellas to avoid a ducking. In the graveyard scene, the part reminds one of SULLIVAN in its silent grandeur, and the tombstones are affecting to an excruciating degree, the inscriptions—particularly the one in canine Latin—being productive of sobbing and shrieks of despair. The last scene deserves a word of praise, the combat being fought manfully and well. A great peculiarity in the piece should not be left unnoticed—the part of "OPHELIA" is entirely left out. The distrought damsel does not appear in any shape, nor is she once referred to. This omission is perhaps an innovation, but it saves a world of bother and unpleasantness. The other characters were played respectably, the " QUEEN " of Madame WESTON being noticeable for its depth of feeling, reminding one of SIDDONS in her best days. The " GHOST " of Mr. HAXNFOUD did not lack spirit, but we doubt if he is quite correct in speaking of the " QUEEN " to " HAMLET " as his mammy, If he is correct, then SULLIVAN, MONTGOMERY, and BANDMANN are all wrong. The piece is well mounted, and the piece altogether is put on the stage with a gorgeousness that must put the Royal management to the blush. All should witness the " HAMLET '' of HUBSEY, and, accompanied by at least three pocket-handkerchiefs, the lover of SHAKSPEARE should repair without delay to witness the startling performance. Front seats are the best, and the best way to secure them is to slap the head attendant familiarly on the back, and ask him after the health of his maternal parent. He will be so flattered by this delicate attention on the part of the visitor, as to offer him a good seat without delay. We try it every night, and have never yet known it to fail. Another way to get a foremost position, is to send a few lollies as a present to Mr. WESTON. He prefers hardbake, but will not reject bullseyes. HUSSEY can only be propitiated by a present of a few spring onions, and KELLY may be bribed by an offering of cold suet dumplings. Mr. HOLLY is incorruptible ; but we think that with a little pressure he might be induced to accept a purse of sovereigns, or a service of gold plate. We certainly have never tried him, but would strongly recommend the experiment being made ; and if he rejects the gift, we can only say, send it to us, and we will not be proud. We understand that BANDMANN will join the troupe so soon as his present engagement is up, Mr. MONTGOMERY has been asked, but declines to play unless Mi. HUSSEY retires, as two suns cannot shine in the same hemisphere, Mr. 1 M. objecting to perform in. a place where the "HAMLET" is superior to his own. 