At Christmas-tide, when the churches are bedecked with evergreens, and all the world atid liis wife go holiday-making, the Press becomes conventionally festive, Scarcely a journal can be taken up during the present season without being found to contain a leading article commencing with ' Hail ! jolly old Christmas,' or somesucb words ; and ending with ' the compli ments of the season '— especially to regular subscribers paying iu advance. The con ncxion existing between ^lum-pudding and (jeace and good-will is duly descauted on, whilst Bethlehem and blind-uiau's-buff somehow get mixed up together. No Chriiilmas leader is complete without a thcrmometrical reference, shewing the different cniiditions under which pleasure is pursued iu the colonies and in the tight little island. The reader is solemnly in formed that whilst our friends and relatives at the antipodes are burning Yule logs, we are beating out the bush tires. As if tbe public didn't know it before, they are reminded that, whereas in Great Britain all Christians take their ' wassail ' hot (with sugar aud lemou), sitting in becur tained and becarpeted rooms, with be frosted window panes, we, in these Australian climes, find that ' iced colo nial,' partaken of at the bottom of the deepest shicer, with the air-fan in full blast, is the correct thing. With pardon able pride, tbe journalist dwells on the fact thaL whilst in the old cnnntrv it lft held to be the duty of all to see that the starving millions get a good bellyfull at least once a year: in these favoured regions poverty is unknown, and legs of mutton can be got for sixpence apiece at tbe boiling-dowu establishments. The moral invariably adduced from this sort of comparison, of course is, as somebody some where very truly says, that Christmas is CnRtBTMAB. Emphatically, positively, and undeniably, we venture to state there is not a doubt about it. But we are not going to be cynical, although we have a host of stock themes not yet exhausted, such as miseltoeboughs, ghost stories, waits, carols, pantomines, turkeys with Bausages, and so forth. On each of these subjects we could become verbosely elo quent, but we leave them to abler pens than ours. We sball take up our parable where our contemporaries usually drop it — CbriBtmas is Christmas. This means a good deal more than the bare words seem to convey. It signifies that all through the civilized world there is one little period in the course of the year when selfishness, money getting, and old animosities, are forgotten — when all absent friends are remembered, and kindly feelings towards everybody are cultivated. At this time the memories of the past flit before our mental vision as in a panorama, whilst in spirit, if not in the flesh, The beloved, the trea-beuted Coma to visit tu ono» more. Oceans may roll between the scattered members of a family, or death may have parted them, but it makes no difference. Christmas annihilates both space and time, and enables us to realise to the limited extent permitted by our grovelling ma terialism, somewhat of tbe conditions of a more ctbemlised state of existence. As separated lovers agree to gate on the moon at certain hours, in order that they may have one thought in common, so all man kind look op to Christmas to unite them in sentiment — to make them feel as Horace says, CtAum turn animum mutant qui tram-mare cuirwtl. If we wish to appreciate Christmas, let us just fancy for a moment, what this world would be without it. We are not now speaking of the Christmas of our Pagan ancestors, who knew no other light than that of nature, and celebrated the oc casion by over indulgence in eating, drink ing and merry- making. There may still be a few such heathens wbo derive no other benefit from the festival than sensual and temporary pleasures, which inconsiderately enjoyed, often cause injury and regret. But Christmas has other uses than that of the old talurnalia. It calls us to die ex ercise of charity, and assists in developing the better feelings of our nature. It marks each swing of the pedulum which brings us nearer to the unknown. It proves to us that time rolls on independently of our will, and that it is a part of wisdom as well as duty to strive to keep pace with its ceaseless flight Living in a hurry, and without thought, ire are too apt io imagine life to be a scramble, and that he wbo rushes, togs, and sweats the most, gets tbe most. Life, how ever, is not a lottery. It is a science, tbe results of which may be predicated with absolute certainty. Christmas reminds as that the purpose of our being, cannot be for mere accumulation, although it is essen tial that we should work and be industrious. We have known men who have boen miracles of success in this direction, and yet who have been cited amongst life's failures. In fact, there is scarcely a sight more depressing than that of a man who has spent his life in mere money getting. .Bis wealth may enable iiim to obtain cost];' sculptures, paintings, and books, but he is a stranger amongst them, having his only interest in his ledger or his atrong bos. The bow must be unbent sometimes, and it is perfectly well known that Jack becomes a dull boy, if it is all work and no play with him. Who amongst us has not read that splendid sketch of Scrooge, by one of the greatest literary photographers of the age 1 A sketch of an old man, -who all his life has been forging a chain for himself — a man who declares Christmas to be a humbug, and who throws a ruler at ? little child singing a Curatmw carol through the key-hole of his door— a man who says to his jovially disposed nephew, ' What right have you to be meny, you're poor enough T It is not enry Seroo» who l« ground frith TiiitaUons ftom (£? guuste of UliristniAscs past, present, and lit come — enabling him to sec, in all their deformity, the errors of his lliiit-Bkimiing life, and -stirring him up, at last, to acln of benevolence and Jobarity. May we all feel the softeniug influence of this present Christmas, aud exclaim with poor little Tiny Tim, ' God bless us, every one !' 