THE CHURCH AND THE BIBLE. Lecture by the Most Rev. Archbishop. L M'Closkey, at St. Pateick's Cathe .' deal, New Yoek City, Sunday Even ' ing, Jan. 24th, 1869. Sunday evening the Most Key. JL)r. M'Closkey delivered a discourse in St. ^Patrick's Cathedral, for the benefit of the 'poor visited by the members of the Society 'of St. Vincent de Paul. That the charitable object was most thoroughly appreciated the overflowing congregation that assembled in the sacred edifice last evening most unmis takably testified. Though eight o'clock was the hour announced for the discourse, fully an hour before that time every aisle— not to ;gpeak of the seats which were- secured earlier— was impassable. St. Patrick's was .indeed crowded to its utmost capacity, and the result must have been regarded as grati fying in the extreme, as the proceeds are to bs devoted to one of the most charitable objects in existence. Shortly before eight o'clock the grand organ pealed forth its solemn strains, and the ' Laudate' was mag nificently rendered by a full choir. A pro cession issued from the vestry, and the acolytes having arranged themselves beside the altar, the Archbishop ascended the pulpit and said : Your presence here this evening beloved brethren, in such goodly numbers, is a most gratifying and consoling evidence of the generous sympathy which you feel for the poor and needy ones of the flock, whose sufferings and privations at all times great, are rendered greater still by the rigor and inclemency of a winter season. Yet I am not here to make at this moment any special appeal to you on their behalf, for happily such appeal is not needed. You have al ready anticipated and kindly responded to it before entering this holy place, and I may therefore be permitted to occupy the time that is allotted to me in speaking to you on another subject — a subject which, if not pos sessing any particular claims on your atten tion by reason of its novelty or attractive ness, or still less by reason of the manner in which it will be treated, will sufficiently, I trust, commend itself by its own intrinsic interest and importance. As the subject of which I propose to speak is the Church and the Bible ; or, in other words, the relations of the Church to the Bible and the relations of the Bible to the Church ; and in order that my remarks may not take too wide or ex tended a sphere, in speaking of the Church, you will understand me to mean the Chris tian Church, and in speaking of the Bible you will understand me as restricting my self to the books of the New Testament. You are all aware how much misapprehen sion exists, and how many and repeated mis representations are made as to the real be lief and practice of the Catholic Church with reference to the holy scriptures. It is pre sumed and asserted by many that there is an antagonism and opponency between them ; that their claims are incompatible, and so that we are here to exalt the attri butes and character of the Church, we are considered as by so much intending to dep recate 2nd to undervalue the sacred scrip tures, and that when the holy scriptures are justly eulogized and extolled, it is so much made against the Church. I desire simply to put this question before you in its true light, and in order to do so I shall not treat it so much controversially as historically. I shall endeavour to place before you this evening, facts as they are recorded by au thenticated history — facts as they are sus tained and confirmed by credible and incon trovertible witnesses. And the first fact which I present to you is this, that the Church is older than the Bible ; that the Christian Church in point of time preceeded the Christian scriptures, or the books of the New Testament, and that it existed with all its essential attributes in the completeness, in the organism, in the integrity of its doc ? trine, in the fulness of its prerogatives and authority, before there was a question of the inspired books which are contained in what we call the New Testament. The founder of the Christian Church was doubtless Jesus Christ. He was the author and finisher of our faith. He was the divine teacher that came to live as man, to communicate his re velations to men. He never wrote himself. He never gave any instructions or commands to others to write. His commisaon to his apostles was, ' Go preach the gospel to every creature, go teach all nations,' and as soon as the Holy Ghost had descended on them on the day of Pentecost, they made haste to commence the fulfilment of the mission which he had entrusted to them. They began to preach in Jerusalem, and thousands and tens of thousands received their belief, their doctrines, and were baptized into the Church. The apostles went forth from place to place, so that it was true to say, that in very brief space of time, the sound Of their voice had gone forth throughout the earth, and it was true to say that the Church was founded, the Church had its ministry, its sacraments, its worship, and that hun dreds and thousands received its faith, were baptized into its bosom, were fed and nourished by its sacraments, lived and died in communion with God, and were numbered as members of the Church triumphant ; in heaven, before the books of the New Testa were penned. The Church was, therefore, anterior to the New Testament, and was founded independently of it. The Archbishop then proceeded to enume rate the writings of the Apostles, showing that none of them had been written before Christianity had been widely spread, arid that they were not penned to instruct par ties entirely ignorant of the Christian reli gion. The people received the faith, were taught, and believed simply on the faith of those who were sent to them. The Apostles took no pains to have their writings kept to gether, nor did they hold any councils to make a certain history. They did not come together to draw any summary of the Chris tian faith. He cited several works of the Apostles which were omitted from the New Testament, and asked how was that to be decided, who established the canon which was now received by Christians throughout the world, who pronounced such works to be inspired, and such not to be inspired ? The Council of Carthage decided it, and the pontiffs of the Church confirmed the Council. Deny the authority of that Church, and what was the authority for the New Testament ? If that Church has erred, it may have made a mistake with regard to those writings. If the authority of the Church is overthrown, the credibility of the only witness, the only one who can testify to the existence of the inspiration, is destroyed. The authenticity Df these books is an historical fact — the in spiration of books is a supernatural fact and no one could establish that fact by the books themselves. He next referred to the Roman Empire, showing that amid the waste and ruin which surrounded it the Church of God stood there face to face with those ruthless invaders, and repaid their in juries by converting them to the faith. No one doubted as to the manner in which those barbarous nations were converted ; that it was simply by preaching and teach ing ; that the Scriptures were too few to be spread among them ; that they were too ignorant to read. The Church was the living voice of the Holy Ghost ; the Scriptures were the written words ; they went handand hand; the one could not contradict the other ; the one could not be out of harmony with the other, because it was the Holy Ghost that spoke for the living Church. The Archbishop subsequently referred to the collection of the Scriptures by the monks, and their translations into various languages by those students who were preparing for the Church, and to the labors of St. Colum banus, who established so many monasteries in Ireland, whither students repaired to perfect themselves in sacred lore. The first book that issued from the press was the Bible. This was in Catholic times, before the Reformation, and it went through 200 editions before the Bible of Luther ever appeared in the world. There were thirty translations in the different languages of Europe, and as many as 800 editions of the Bible in these various languages before the translation of Luther made its appearance. Of these eight hundred editions, four fifths were in the countries that did not receive the new doctrine. They were editions that appeared in Italy, in Spain, in France, in Belgium ; and there is no greater error than to suppose that the new doctrines of the Reformation were spread by the reading of the Bible. They were received in every country, except in Holland, and parts of Germany. The doctrines of the Reforma tion had been received before Luther's Bible appeared, and how were those doc trines spread? It was that some had at tacked fche preaching of the apostles, and the authority of the Church, attacking the monks and priests, and proclaiming false doctrines. By the preaching of those per sons, the doctrines of the reformation spread in England, in Wales, in Scotland, in Swe den, in Norway, in Iceland, and the Duchy of Prussia, long before the Protestant trans lations of the Bible were received. Very few of the people, in some places, knew how to read, so that they could not have perused the Bible in any form. What was the logical inference of this denying the authority of the Church ? In many of the German universities, numbers of the most distinguished professors doubted the inspira tion of the Bible, and considered the Old Testament a myth. Rationalism, not Chris tianity, supplied the place of dogmas in Germany. In England the authority of the Church was called into question ; and, even at this day, in the university of Oxford, infidelity was making vast progress in that hitherto boasted Church and land. In our own country something could also be said. When the Puritans landed in New England, they had the Bible. It was to them the book of books, and they would hardly have believed if told that their children, not many generations off, would scoff at the Bible. Yet it was so. In New England, and many parts of the country, the inspiration of the book was called into question. Strong-minded women, as they were called, attacked the Bible, at tacked its inspiration and delivered their sentiments before admiring, intelligent and applauding audiences. And this was all the logical result of the work. He did not say it in any offensive meaning of Protestantism. Every dogma of Christianity was by some one of the sects called into doubt, and the Bible impugned, and still people were told that Protestantism was a success. The Ca tholic Church was the only true bulwark and defender of the Bible, in the sense of being the only true bulwark and defender of Chris tianity. The Archbishop concluded his dis course by observing that the scriptures were never intended to teach the faith inde pendently to the living voice of the Church, and by thanking the congregation for the large attendance on behalf of the poor. The discourse was listened to by the vast throng with the most devout attention, and at the termination, a solemn benediction was given by the Very Rev. Dr Starrs. Professor Schmitz presided at the new or gan, which, with a grand choir, including A. Sohst and Mrs. Groz as soloists, interpreted the several selections in a highly creditable manner. 