CHURCH UNION. We are obliged to an esteemed corres pondent, a member of the Church of Eng land, for a copy of a pamphlet containing the basis of " The Evangelical Church Union Society," having as its object, " the promotion of visible union and co operation among the members- of the Evangelical Churches, and for preventing the increase of Romanism m England. The committee consists of many of the most eminent of England's public men, both clerical and lay, of all Evangelical denominations. On becoming members of the " Evangelical Church Union," the following declaration is made: — We, the undersigned, are of opinion, First— That to prevent the increase of Romanism in England, it is Highly desirable that the Book of Common Prayer should he revised, and that the forms and passages now used to sanction Romish doctrines and practices should he re- moved or satisfactorily altered. a ti<1, Secondly — That all Protestant Chris tians are interested, in the accomplishment of this object, as calculated to take away a great hindrance to intercommunion among tbc Evangelical Churches, and also to promote purity of public worship, and tlio general ad vancement of the Cburcli of our Lord Jesus Christ. Members of the Nonconformist Churches signing this Paper are not to be understood as expressing any approval of the use of a written Liturgy or of the connection of the Church and State. The passages in the Prayer-book which are objected to, and which the Association seek to he thrown out, in a " revised Prayei'-Boolc," are as follows : — THE FORMS AND PASSAGES IN THE PRAYER-BOOK AND CANONS, THE ALTERATION OF WHICH IS MOST GENERALLY DESIRED, ARE: 1\. The use of the word " Priest " in place of Minister. 2\. Tlio Rubric retaining the ornaments of the Church and ministers used in the second year of Edward VI. The words in the ordination of Priests, " Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest ill the Church of God now committed unto tlico by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thou dust forgive, they are forgiven ; and whose sins tliou dost retain, they arc retained." -I. The directions in the Visitation of the Sick, that the side person shall here he moved to make special confession of his sins, if he feel his con science troubled with ang weight// matter, after which confession the Priest shall absolve him (if he Jiuniblg and heartily desire it), after this sort: " By the authority of the Lord Jesus Christ committed to mc, I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name," &c.; 5\. The words in the Catechism, " The Body and Blood of Christ, which are VERILY AND INDEED taken and received by the faithful in the Lord's Supper." 6\. The forms requiring all clergymen to read the Lessons from the Apocrypha and the dam natory clauses in the Athanasinn Creed, and also to say in the Baptism of Infants "Seeing now that this Child is regenerate.'' and " We yield Tlice hearty thanks that- it hath pleased Thee to regenerate this infant with thy Holy Spirit," and the similar expressions in the Catechism and Confirmation Services, together with two or three sentences in the Marriage and Burial Services. 7\. The Canons 0, 9, and 10, which direct that '"Whosoever shall separate themselves from the Church of England and combine themselves into a new brotherhood, let them be excom municated till they revoke their wicked errors," and the law requiring all Noncon formist ministers to be re-ordained before they can officiate or preach in a parochial church or be admitted to the ministry of the Established Church ; while Roman Catholic priests are ad mitted to benefices without re-ordination. It is not to be understood that those who sign this Declaration regard all these passages as in themselves objectionable, hnt thai iheg consider the alteration of them desirable in order to promote Christian union, and beeav.se iheg are used bg many as a sanction for Romish doctrine and wor ship. The objects of tlio society are as fol lows : — This Association is formed for promoting the visible union of ministers and members of Christian Churches, holding the divine inspi ration and authority of the Holy Scriptures, and the recognised Evangelical doctrines of the Reformation. The alarming growth of Romish doctrines and practices threatening to overspread the land renders it indispensably necessary that all Evangelical Christians should combine to pre serve the scriptural faith and worship of the Protestant Reformation, now seriously en- da tigered. The danger proceeds not only from the in crease of the Church of Rome itself, and the number of ministers of the Established Church who have joined its communion, but from the organized efforts of hundreds of clergymen who aro introducing among tlicir congregations the most undisguised Romanism. At a time when the design of bringing over the Established Church and the people of England to union with the C'hurcli of Rome is openly avowed, all who hold and value the truths of Evangelical Religion are urgently called upon to seek for visible union among themselves, and to heal the divisions which have so long obstructed the progress of tlio Gospel and supplied the most specious argu ment for Roman Catholicism. The members of this association arc deeply convinced that no effectual remedy will bo found for these evils until those passages and forips in the Book of Common .Prayer, which the Romanists. constantly use as their sanction and authority, shall bo altered or removed. The necessity for this measure becomes more evident when it is considered that the same passages and forms have constantly been ob jected to by eminent reformers and godly divi nes ; that they have caused most grievous and long- continued persccntions of many thousands of faithful ministers and Christian people; and that they arc at this time so great a cause of division and offence among Protestants that no real union can he hoped for while they con tinue to be imposed. The desired alterations, which are few in number and almost exclusively intheOcca-- sional Services, would afford great relief and liberty to many burthened consciences, with out affecting any of the doctrines contained in the Liturgy and Thirty-nine Articles, or intro ducing any additional observance or article of faith. Such a revision of the Liturgy would promote the cause of divine truth and purity of worship ; and instead of being, as heretofore, the occasion of division among Protestants, the Book of Common Prayer would then servo to exhibit their devotional agreement, mid pro mote more fully the acceptance of pure scrip tural principles. The objects contemplated by this Union, so comprehensive in themselves, and so deeply affecting the interests of the general Church of Christ, appeal for sympathy and co-operation to Evangelical Christians of every name. God, in His providence, seems to he now calling up on His people to put away the hindrances to that unity for which tlio Saviour prayed, and to co-operate in preserving the nation from the evils of Romanism. This work can only be effected by the combination of all to whom the truth of God is dearer than scot or party. The means hitherto employed have failed effect ually to repress the Romanizing movement, and it is believed that Protestants generally arc prepared to adopt a measure which goes to the root of the evil, and which wouM take away its assumed authority and foundation. The increase of Romanism in England at a time when Roman Catholic nations arc freeing themselves from its dominion, must occasion equal surprise and humiliation. If this visita- tation he the result of the divisions among Pro testants, the evil of a house divided against it self can only he averted hy a thorough resolu tion to remove the causes of disunion. Evan gelical Christians, holding, under different forms, the same scriptural faith and worship, should constitute one hody in Christ. This is the great want of the Church iu the .present time, and that which urgently appeals to the consciences of the Lord's people. The predominance of the Church of Rome in England would he a calamity to the cause of Protestantism throughout tlio world. A priest hood assuming the power to hear confession, to grant absolution for sins, and to offer sacrificial . masses, must necessarily subjngato to its dominion the faith and consciences of the people. As Englishmen, we arc all interested in preserving the religious and civil liberties won for us by our fathers at the Reformation. As Evangelical Christians, wc arc concerned in scouring tor our country tlio continuance oi that pure worship and scriptural doctrine so long maintained by tlic Protestant Churches of England. And, finally, tlie operations of the Union arc stated in the following words : As the union of Protestants and the preser vation of Evangelical truth can only bo at tained by the special grace of the Holy Spirit in fluencing the hearts of Christians, this Associa tion will endeavour to form meetings for united prayer, and to induce those who already take part in such meetings to pray for tlio unity of Evangelical Protestants, and the preservation ' and increase of scriptural religion in Eng land. It will endeavour, by means of meetings, sermons,' and lectures, and by the issue of tracts, and other publications, as well as hy the formation of local committees and ladies' associations, to promote the objects . of the Union, and to awaken the public mind to the triic.character and inroads of Ritualism. It is to lie understood that the Evangelical Church Union will not, as an association, en gage in promoting or presenting petitions to the Legislature or to ecclesiastical bodies. In these and similar measures individual members are left free to act according to their judg ments. The Evangelical Church Union earnestly calls upon all who value the true faith of the Gospel, whether Conformists or Noncon formists, to join in the defence and diffusion of the scriptural doctrine and worship common to them all. It invites the co-operation of Gliris- ,tian women as those who have the deepest in terest in preserving their families from Ro manizing influences. Persons signing cither form of the Declara tion printed on the 2nd and 4th pages, and subscribing five shillings annually, may he elected members of the Union. Those who concur in the objects of this So ciety, and are willing to give it their support, arc requested to communicate with the honor ary secretaries, by whom subscriptions for car rying on the work of the Association will ho thankfully received. HENRY FRY, D.D., ) 2S, Kensington Gardens Square, AV. f J. S. RUSSELL. M,A , I 12, Beresford Terrace, NottingHill, AV. J Hon. Sees. We heartily agree with the object and basis of this Evangelical Union. We com mend the matter to the consideration of all the evangelical Episcopalians in this colony. We have for some time back been endeavouring to show the sources of Popery in the Church of England, not only to explain how it is that in the Church of England there is 80 much de fection at present, . hut to rouse . every hater of Popery to agitate for reforpi of the Prayer-book, that the pure Protest- autism of the Church of England may be free and mighty It is in 'sorrow rather than in anger that we have been exposing the causes of Ritualism and Popery in the Church of England. And it is gratifying . that while we have been working in this direction, a society has been formed in England, consisting of upwards of two hundred of England's best men, ministers and laymen, both of the Church of Eng land and Nonconformist CliurcheB, having the same object in view. We wish the operations of the society success: ' How monstrous is it that for the sake of some expressions in the Prayor-booK, which undoubtedly countenance and teach Popery, the Church rhould he brought into a state of helplessness, and should be severed from the hearty cooperation of Nonconformists ! How monstrous is it, that while the priests of the Church of Borne are recognised hy the Protestant Church of England, as true ministers the ministers or all the JNonconiorraist bodies are regarded and ti'eated as mere laymen, not ordained, without authority, not sent, without a commission, and consequently without either church or gospel, in any true or proper sense ! Yet so it is. Pro testantism is wounded in the house of its friends hy such a fact as this ! l-unwi"" —HIM inn— — — 