A.J.C. RAND WICK SPRING MEETING. IFrom the Argus Special Reporter. | FIRST DAY: SEPTEMBER 4. The glories of the Derby Day have in'no way departed. Beautiful weather, a large and fashionable company, fine fields of horses, with close and exciting racing, inaugurated the opening day at Randwick, and the campaign of the season '69 and 70 has commenced under auspices the most encouraging. The drop scene fell last autumn on the meeting of the Australian Jockev Club, after a most successful year's racing. The best horse Australia ever produced then made his farewell bow to the turf, leaving behind him a name that few of his kind ever gained in any part of the JE! hiiEfUV 118 , 1 " 5 * *& h 5? e of action as lord of ^KEfS™ W t P r e d l c t that his children's children will shed lustre on the glorious deeds of their forefather, and that The Barb wiU be remem- P er f<J as long as there is a Ruff or a Stud Bookin existence. There is an old saying that "there are as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it." but when shall we see the " Demon's" like again? is there one amongst the rising generation? Time alone can tell. But this we can safely say, that for Rood looks, fine condition, and performances, so far asthey go, there is no falling off in the breed of the Australian horse, as the majority x>f the field which this day contested for that coveted honour, the blue ribbon of the turf, shows. Victoria has for years tried to wrest both the' DerhJ and St. Leger from New South Wales, and un tn the present time once only has she been successful and that in one of the most memorable contests known m the annals of Australian racing wiViV; Fishhook cut The Barb down like mincem^ the Autumn of 1866, after a stmesle fnr the like of which has seWom beerwitLSo^ any racecourse, and few horsps wn„ij £„„ out scatheless from so despite I cSthro'a? ga^ far less victorious, as the = nn ifo-i ' man and Marchioness dfd oa thT f, L^ls!ler - Last year when the SOM of Ferrym^^ t?leir appearance on the H e S n t M felt Ptoud 01 the y o u n g S ^ T ^ ^ S j exciting contests between the sons of Juliet and Gaslight gave them unbounded confidence in being able to gain fresh laurels on the green sward of Randwick. The struggle over the Cham* pagne Stakes showed that these colts met foes worthy of their steel, for the.game manner the Fop came to the rescue when Ins stable companion, Barbarian, compounded to Lamplighter, was something to remember; and afterwards, in the Nursery Handicap, when the black 6on of Sir Hercules and VouugGuinare, receiving 10 lbs. in weight, took the bit in his mouth when the flag fell, and never gave the Victorian pair a ghost of a chance. These rendered the Randwick Derby a race of great interest and speculation during the recess, and it was not forgotten how MoseUe polished off the Demon's brother at Homebush, seemingly showing a line whereby the daughter of Cossack ought to be considered one of the cracks of the season. Nor has the high reputation which waa given to Detective by his clever owner previous to his intended appearance as a two-year-old been lost sight of, and the followers of the lucky stable were not loth to believe in the prowess of thiB chesnut eon of New Warrior. These may be said to have received the greater share of pubUc support in the betting market, aud as the day drew nigh, the training-ground at Randwick saw constant crowds of anxious visitors, watching the preliminary preparation of the horses being "put through the mill." Idle Boy, also a son of New Warrior, was not only fancied for his beautiful shapes and high-bred appearauce, but for the manner he used to get through hi3 work, with that clever hank Mr. Baldwin nad provided Holmes to act the schoolmaster. Agnes, too, was not Mendless, as it was observed that warrior, in spite of her lameness, had enough to do to ahake her otf in her gallops, and the game manner she used to struggle to best him was a convincing proof she was a sterling daughter of that game son of Sir Hercules, Yattendon, who had often proved the worth of the blood which flows in the veins of so illustrious a family. Lamplighter had most friends, however, of the lot, during the winter ' months, until rumours a few weeks back were afloat of there being a " screw loose," when he fell from his high estate of first favourite, and his place was takeu by Barbarian; but his tenure of office was of short duration, as one fine morniDg his owner publicly declared that it was "all up a tree" with his bi.ick colt, who accordingly took "a back seat," and, although he dtf show out for a few days taking his mebncholy walks before the pen was put through his name on the 30th of last month, neither takers nor layers cared to meddle with such a dangerous customer in so sorry a plight. There were many long faces over his downfall, as, barring accidents, his friends considered him a certainty. For a few days favouritism was in abeyance, as there was a great diversity of opinion who should be prime minister; but when tha owner of Lamplighter came like a young man from the country, he very soon dispelled the illusion as to there being a screw loose, as he sent the colt along at such a pace that reassured his friends and opened the eyes of unbelievers, and 10 days or so before the race, so great was the rush to "get on" that the bookmakers had to put on their screw, and raise the rate of their discount from 2 to • 1. His backers again cooled down, and during the last week he had to succumb to the Fop, who bad been gradually gaining ground until he reached! to2» taken, with the same price offered against the gentleman who lights the lamps. The very mild manner Detective was being sent along was 'a mystery for weeks to his supporters; but owing to the confidence reposed in not only the luck, but in the good management of his stable^ he maintained his position in the market, fluctuating between 4 and 5 to 1, until he also touched 3 to 1. Whisperings as to the shaky state of Charon's fetlock joints made backers shy, more especially as lately his owner persistently refused all the tempting offers against him, having sot "on" months ago. The colt went on with his work notwithstanding the rumours, and as there was no appearance of a flaw during his last gallops, he increased in favour untU he reached 7 to C. Unknown to the public, however, it was touch* and-go with the Ferryman of the Styx. Moselle did not please the cogno centi in her gallops, and her last flutter with the Italian sent her to the rightabout, and she had to resign the premiership amongst the fillies to Agne% who advanced to 12 to 1; 100 to 5 was offered against any other of the young ladiesv Mr. De Mestre's pair finding now and then a few friends, especially Quiver, by Archer, from Lauristina, whose beautiful style of action was universally admired. Considering the fluctuations which the market has shown for some time back with regard to the candidates for so great an event as the Derby, it is rather an extraordinary thing to record that four horses were within half a point of one another in the betting the evening before the day, and the ups and downs which took place with regard to the favourites must have made the Derby a good betting race for the ring. Tattersall's was thronged in the evenings, and with the exception of double and treble event ' betting, transactions were limited, and the Calcutta sweeps were indulged in only to the Eame moderate extent. A good line was, however, nightly drawn as to how the "wind lay" with' regard to the favourites. There was little specu* lation on the Trial Stakes, for which Orville waa the most decided favourite, and the great uncertainty that hung over Barbelle's starting for tha President's Handicap, which looked a moral foB her, prevented many from operating until they saw who iroL'ld put in an appearance at the post. Th* Innkeepers' Stakes aud the Epsom Handicap wen treated in the same way, the offers about the kot race being 100 to 15 on the field. The Derby and Metropolitan absorbed nearly all the betting, with Tim Whifller at 7 to 2, Barbelle at 6 to 1, the EarL at 8 to 1. for the favourites for the latter event. The Grand Stand was well filled, aud the lessees of the St. Leger aud Derby Stands had no reMoa to complain of the patronage awarded them. The: Viceregal corner was occupied by the Governor, the Earl of Belinore, and his Countess, surrounded by a large circle of the elite of Sydney, and thai sprinkling of ladies, although presenting a sad comparison to the "gay and festive scene" at Flemington, was larger than is usually seen at the A.J.C. meetings. Of course there were on the lower ground the three-card men, thimble-riggers* serenaders. and cigar-vendors "doing remarkably welL" Punctual to time, the ever-welcome sound of the bell announced that the proceedings of tbe daybad commenced, and that tbe racing season was opened. At 1 o'clock five candidates for the Trial Stakes went out to open the ball. Mr. Taifg Orville being entrusted with the greater portion o£ the betting money at the short odds of 3 to SL although the Baron came just before leaving the paddock, and was backed at 2 to L The race WM a good one, with a close finish, half a leegth separating the first three. Juanita madethe running, when the Baron, followed by Orville came most gamely in the end, resulting in favour of Mr. Winch's horse. Nine went out to contest the President's Handicap witlk Barbelle at even money against the fieldi Notwithstanding the hue and cry about th^ weights, the run was a very fine one, as the lotkept well together all the way, ending in a dead! heat between Barbelle and Sir William TS« weight told on Ragpicker, and Davis wisely"nniiad her off when he found he had no chand} A protest was immediately lodged against the "first two horses by the owner of Rawden. S» William has grown into a grand horse, and was ver* were Babbler and Rawden. although tbe latter KM not grown much since last year. Of course luncheon there was a large number in the saddW paddock to scan the Derby candidates, and thl f u ur f^ouritea t had their several r£rti«2i about them in crowds. There was ^ hSt to find with the appearance of any of them and has they left the paddock it was c o ^ E r one of the most open Derbys that had irt S J run for. • ueca THE AITSTBAMAN- DERBY STAKES, of 30 ea c !',> h , ;ft.:,r'Rovs uonly for those which d e c K EutiieH closed "with 44 subs mUe an < * M Ju^t rt (Mo^S b1 ' C Charou ' Ferr 5TOan— M 8rSe?°(^S) Ch ' f 1 'Vnit^^pJ^' l?op: ' ^ ^ HeVcuWT 2 (Atkfns>. e S Ch " f ArchcWby A ^ l " * ^ d i i h ^ ^ . , ? 6 ^ 0 ^ ^ w Warrior-, %o J on?hfne(Snne f t5 RUe8 ' b y Yattendon-Y. *Ma(d dF the O ^ f e t ^ Sir Herculesc ^ery. by New War** alJ ».},„ 7 wm, went up into the second nl^S L % er .«"» Fop. Lamplighter and Fop were iff".• A U b « tottim* close at their heels; 1 M^llI®^' V t h Charoa 0 n the straight, Lamns.' entering: and together, MoseUe Charon close! desperate race ensued n f.r u e with ^m. aS?! gamely to Morrison"i * . Cha r on , answering moafc ning by a head if de , te, ™"ed efforts, and ril THE ADELAIDE HDNT CLIT* T* 