Who js the Drunkard f— If a man robs you don't you call him a thief ? If a man kills a person don't you call him a murderer? I don't see the difference between these Uiiugs and drunkenness. If a man who steals or kills once is a thief or a murderer, ie not he a drunkard upon the eame principle who only gets drunk once t There is no line of distinction that I can draw except that a man may be said to have got drank without any intention of eo tranBgresBing. On that account I grant that he is free from blame ; but if he again voluntarily puts himself into that condition, it becomes no longer an accident, but he has then fallen inta the fault, because the danger having been experienced, the remedy should have been applied, Such persons therefore are drunkards.— Dr. Jfcwman Hall. Which do you Prize, the Soul ou the Body f — How seldom do we heor the ein of drunkenness distinctly named in sermons. I am prepared to take my share in the fault. I run going to- night to preach a sermon to warn against drunkenness. Why docs not a drunkard inherit the king dom of God i Evidently his soul is not ruling his body, but his body is rulinp Mb soul. He is yielding himself to his luwer nature. He can't belong to the kingdom of heaven, when he is a slave to his own lusts, When he, by his own acts, puts himself in a state of drunkenness, he is unfit to serve God, who calls constantly for such service. Not only is the drunkard unfit for service, but he is fit for diB-service or rebellion, If a man he in a state of intoxica tioii, he is not fit for God's service, but for that of the devil. His higher nature is weakened, his lower strengthened. The animal pnpsions are aroused ; the conscience that should control is controlled ; therefore he is fit for evil and unfit for good. How can ho be a member of God's kingdom if he voluntarily puts himself into this position p How can the body be the temple for the Holy Ghost to dwell in when the bady is profaned by indulgence in any vice P Therefore the drunkard is not in the kingdom of heaven now. But he may suppose that by-and-bye he maybe. — The Rev. New nan Mall. 