INSTIKTCT OB. SEASON. _u (Correspondent of Land and WdteiC). As this well-hackneyed subjecthas 'again been mooted in your pages, 1 will trouble you with yet another extract from polonel Cambpell's " Indian Journal,' premisingthat Ibave read of ® very similiar incident rela tive to ti[e surrounding of a herd of pallahs (Antilope melampus) by a troop of lions in South Africa. Colonel Cambpell' writes (p. 264): " I was as usual scanning the horizon with my telescope at daylight, to see if- any game was in sight. I had discovered a small herd of antelope feedingin a field from whence the crop had been lately removed, and was about to take the glass from my eye for the purpose of reconnoitring the ground, when, in aremote corner of the field, concealed from the antelope .by a few- intervening bushes, L faintly discerned in the grey twilight a pack of six wolves, seated on their hind-quarters like dogs, and apparently in deep consultation. It; appeared evident that, like myself, they .wanted venison, and hadsome design upon the aotelope, and being curious to witness the mode adopted by these four-legged poachers, I determined to watch their motions. I ac cordingly dismounted, leaving my horse in charge of the sowar, and creeping as near the scene of action as I could without being dis covered, concealed myself behind^ a bush. Saving, apparently, decided on their plan of attack, the wolves separated, one remaining .stationary and the other five creeping cauti ously round the egde of the field, like setters drawing on a shy cover of birds* In this, manner they surrounded the unsuspecting herd, one wolf lying down at each ^ corner .of the field, and the fifth, creeping silently to wards the centre of it, where he ^concealed myself in a deep furrow. The sixth wolf, which had not yet moved, now started from his hiding-place, and made a dash at the an telope. The graceful creatures, confident in ."matchless speed, tossed their heads, as if in and started off in a succession of fly ing bounds which soon left their pursuer far behind. But no sooner did they approach th6 edge of the field than one of the crouching .wolves started up, turned them, and . chased 'them in a contrary direction, while his pant ing accomplice lay down in bis place to re cover wind for a fresh burst. Again the bounding herd dashed across the plain, hop ing to escape on the opposite side ; but here they were once more headed by ohe of the crafty savages, who in his turn took up the chase, and coursed them till relieved by a fresh hand from an opposite quarter. In this manner the persecuted aniiiuils weye dri ven from side to side, and from corner to corner, a fresh assilant heading them at every turn, till, they appeared perfectly, stupified with fear, and crowding together lifee frigh tened sheep, began to wheel round in dimin ishing circles. All this time the wolf which lay concealed in the furrow, near the centre -of the field had never moved,- although the antelope had passed* and repassed within a few feet of him, and had, perhaps, even jumped over him; his time for action had riot yet arrived. It now became evident that th^s unfortunate antelope must soon be tired out, when it appeared probable that the sur rounding wolves would have made a com bined attack, and driven the terrified herd towards 'the centre 'of the field, where the, wolf who had hitherto been lying in reserve * would have sprung up in the midst of them and secured at least one victim- I, however, did not allow matters to proceed so far. I . was satisfied with what 1 had seen, and resol ved to turn the tables on my friends the wolves, by making a slight change in the last act of the tragedy which was now fast ap proaching. Accordingly,- just as the antelope appeared to be driven to a standstill, I put a stop to further proceedings on the part of their ravenous assailants by sending a rifte bullet through the body of the nearest skulker who incontinently gave up the ghost; and his sagacious companions, seeing that their game was up now that the man with the gun had taken a hand, made a precipitate retreat, leaving me undisputed master of the field. I might easily have brought down an antelope with my second barrel, for the poor things appeared stupified with fear, but after having so far: espoused, their .cause I "felt that it would be treachery on my part to avail my self of this advantage, and accordingly allow ed them to depart in peace." Well, I think the " stalking " wolves had as- fairly earned their dinner as any "stalking" sportsman, only that things are called by different names in-man and beast, like reason and instinct. The modern sportsman stalks chiefly for amusement, whilst the wolves did so from the absolute necessity of providing themselves with a meal; and if the hunger had after wards driven one of them to attack a child, as riaigbt well, have followed, of course it .;!wpjajd; have . been ascribed to the animal's unmitigated ferocity, so altogether different rfrom flfchat .the. pangs of hanger baVe impelled .: human beings to commit upoooccasipns with-1 out number. The beast of prey must live, or at all events -whilst living it must eat, though we may not perceive the- necessity, of:^ Which is just-what a certain magistrate [repaired-tola pauper > who made £he self-same pleat;. ipolonel Campbell, in his subsequent comments upon the scene enacted and de ,j8pribed, altogether con& instinct and reason, according to my ideas; but his re marks the wdlf, "ain cq5lq©cL with his fellow-woJves, plans and executes an ingeni ous stratagem worthy of the reasoning power, of man himself; a complicated ZQanoeuvre, not onlyarguing considerable sagacity 3n the part <}f individuals^ hut implying, that -a" mu tuM understanding exists anjong the perfor mers which appears to me can only be accoun ted for on the supposition that animals [other than man] possess some power unknown to us" of communicating tneir idteas to each other. " The following note on the subject is appended by Sir Walter Elliot:-" I have witnessed similar instances of crafty concert on the part of the wolf. On one occasion three gazelles passed just ahead of me at full speed, pursued by a single. wolf, towards a nullah a little below me. Two of the gazelle bounded up the ascent on the other side, but neither the third nor the wolf appeared. Anxious to see what bad become of them, I cantered down to the spot where they had crossed.. There I found the poor gazelle in the jaws of three wolves, which toot to flight on seeing me, and left the venison, at my dis posal. The wolves had clearly been hunt ing on a preconcerted plan, two of them lain perdu in the nullah, whilst the third under took to drive the gazelles to the spot where their hidden assilants could spring on them I with advantage.'* If the lower animals were guided by " unerring instinct" only and did not reason upon their experience, moreover, if they did not possess some means of com municating their ideas to one another, how is it that their wiles and stratagem to escape the weapons of mankind are developed in pro portion as those weapons become more efficacious ? What can " blind instinct" know of traps and other artficial contri vances? and how is it that creatures with out -experience of man. the universal de stroyer, such as those found upon newly-dis covered islands, evince no fear or distrust of him until taught by bitter experience ? " Season pitted against instinct'' is the theme of many a marvellous tale, when people little reflect upon the discriminative faculties which they complacently asc^bed to instinct. 