ARRIVAL OF THE MAIL. NEWSPAPER DATES TO JUNE 18. TELEGRAMS TO JULY 10. THE LORDS AND THE IRISH CHURCH BILL. SECOND READING. IRISH MEETINGS. FRENCH ELECTIONS. OPPOSITION SUCCESSES. SERIOUS RIOTS IN PARIS. THE SPANISH CONSTITUTION. ARRIVAL OF MR. MOTLEY. RELATIONS OF ENGLAND AND AMERICA. CHIEF JUSTICE HANSON TO BE KNIGHTED. AUSTRALIAN MEAT AND WOOL. COL. TORRENS, M.P., ON THE BALLOT IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. COLONIAL WOOL SALES. BANK DISCOUNT. MONEY MARKET, &c.;, SUMMARY OF NEWS. [Compiled specially for this Paper by our London Correspondent.] London, June 18. On the 24th of May Her Majesty cele-<*> brated her fiftieth birthday at Balmoral, by festivities and a ball to the household, at which she was present. The official celebration in London took place June 2nd, when there were ministerial ban quets and illuminations. Her Majesty, accompanied by the Princesses Louise and Beatrice and Prince Leopold, arrived at Windsor Castle Wednesday morning from Bal moral. la memory of her receut visit to Paris, the Princess of Wales has sent to the Empress of the French a magnificent basket of roses. Every known variety is comprised in this gigantic bouquet— from the black rose of Holland to the white rose of York. At a meeting of Freemasons the other day, it was announced that the Prince of Wales had become a member of the Order, having been made a Mason by the King of Sweden. The Prince attended both Epsom and Ascot races. Princess Christian has recovered from her indisposition. Last night there was a State ball at Buckingham Palace. Some 1,000 guests were present. The Prince and Princess of Wales, Prince Arthur, Princess Louise, Crown Prince of Denmark, Prince and Princess Teck, &c.;, were also there. There will be a State concert on the 23rd inst., and a ball ou July 2, at Buck ingham Palace. Prince Arthur has been touring in the Hebrides, and has visited Stafia, Fona, &c.; His Royal Highness will proceed to Canada in the autumn, where he will be attached to the Rifle Brigade. On his return, in the following [spring, he will probably join a battalion of the same re giment, which will be stationed at Wool wich. Since the Whitsun adjournment there have been many meetings in the north of Ireland and in England to urge the Peers to reject the Irish Church BUI. Strong, and even seditious language has been used. At Manchester there was a monster de monstration of some 30,000 persons. Great deputations have been in town to stir up the Lords. OaefromthelrishCtiarchCoa ference, composed of 230 clergymen and an equal number of laymen, elected by the clergy and parish delegates in each diocese, went to Chesterfield House to ex press to the Duke of Abercorn and other peers their hostility to the Irish Church measure. About 140 members of the Upper House assembled on the afternoon of the sth, at the residence of the Duke of Mari borough, and the course to be taken with respect to the Irish Church Bill was the subject of a prolonged discussion. The Dukes of Marlborough and Rutland, the Earls of Derby and EUenborough, and Lords Cairns and Redes dale were strongly in favor of throwing out the measure on the second reading. The Earls of Carnarvon and Stanhope, on the other hand, urged the importance of allowing the Bill to go into Committee ; but this advice was not fol lowed, and the meeting separated on the understanding that an adverse ajnand nient on the second reading would be moved. The Queen has been pleased to extend to the officers and men in the navy and marines employed in operations in New Zealand from 1845 to 1847, and from 1860 to 1860, the same medal which is awarded for service in the army. It will be granted to those aurvivors who formed part of the naval brigade on shore, and took actual part in the operations against the enemy. I understand that Mr. Hanson, Chief Justice of South Australia, will shortly receive the honor of Knighthood. An important .despatch from Lord Granville on the proposed guaranteed loan for New Zealand was published yes terday. The New Zealand Government had deputed Mr. Fitzherbert to try to obtain from the Treasury a guarantee for a loan of £1,500,000. The despatch is enclosed with a copy ef their lordships' refusal forwarded to the Governor of New Zealand by Lord Granville. His Lordship concurs in the refusal, and gives his reasons for doing so. A deputation from the National Emi gration Society, headed by the Duke of Manchester, has waited upon Earl Gran ville and Mr. Bruce to urge upon die Government the importance of adopting a comprehensive scheme of emigration. Both the Colonial and Home Secretaries promised that the subject should receive the attention of the Cabinet The troopship Himalaya, from Aus tralia,, has arrived at Plymouth. Lord Alfrei Paget has been appointed by the Queen to attend on the Viceroy of Egypt, who will arrive at Dover on Tues ! day, the 22nd instant, and come up to Buckingham Palace. He will stop one night at Windsor Castle, and be present at the Review on the 26th at Windsor. On the 29th he will probably visit the Crystal Palace. The Army and Navy Gazette hints at further considerable reductions in our colonial garrisons, probably to be carried out in the course of next year. The negotiations Cor the purchase of the telegraph companies are completed. The terms will, it is expected, ensure Government 6 to C per cent, upon the capital invested. The new American Minister to the Court of St. James, the Hon. John Lothrop Motley, arrived in Liverpool on the 28th May. He received addresses on Monday from the Liverpool and the American Chambers of Commence. The hon. gentleman's replies assured his hearers that it was the earnest hope and wish of the President and people of the United States to cultivate faithful and friendly relations between the two coon tries. He added that his most strenuous efforts would be devoted to the main tenance of such relations. His remarks have created a very favorable impression. The congregation of the Independent Chapel, Broad-street, Racing, desired to get rid of their co- pastor, Mr. Gordon, because they did not like faun, but he re- fuaedso£?on ?*?? graavd tin* h* fc*d a' lifeinte^inhis ammistmca*. Abfll was sled by the Trustees of the Chapel to zastcain him Cram preachmg or officiating, and the matter ante before Vice-Chancellor Stuart on May 27, who granted aa injunction against Mr. Gor don in the terms asked by the plaintifts. Hie Prime Minister has received an influential deputation in reference to a proposed extension of the Episcopate. Lord Lyttelton read the memorial, wliich urged the appointment of Mffragan bishops. In reply, Mr. Gladstone said thetw most be a more general accord as to what was required be fore Government could be expected. to deal with such a matter. The Archbishop of Canterbury had been in communication with the Government in reference to a Bui for enabling aged or disabled bishops to retire, and as be did not anticipate any difficulty in pinning the Bfll through Parliament, that might to some extent answer the purpose of those who advocated extension. Hie Commons reassembled on the 27th after the Whitsun recess. On the 31st, the Irish Church Bill was read a third time by 361 to 247- The Bill was read a first time in the Lords gub sUentio, and the debate on the second reading commenced on the 14th. Earl Granville sketched the immediate history of the measure, and then went on to give a general view of its provisions, answering at the same time by anticipa tion some of the objections that might possibly be urged against them. Lord Harrowby moved that the Bill be read a second time that day three months. He was followed by Lord Clarendon, who supported the second reading. The Duke of Rutland opposed it, and the subse quent speakers were Lord Stratford de Uedcliffe, Lord Bomilly, the Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Carnarvon, and the Bishop of Derby. On Tuesday the de bate was resumed by Earl Grey, and his arguments were reinforced by the Duke of Richmond, an ex- Cabinet Minister. Notable speeches were made by mem bers of the Episcopal Bench. Archbishop Trench, of course, took the "no surrender"' line. The Bishop of St. David's cou rageously avowed his intention to vote for the Bill, and showed that one great cause of Roman Catholic success in Ire land was the maintenance of an unpopular establishment. The Bishop of Peter borough'denounced the BQI. On Thursday before the debate was resumed Lord Cairns called attention to Mr. Bright'B letter to his constituents on the situation threatening the House of Lords. Earl Granville, in reply, said the letter contained the individual opinions of Mr. Bright, and Lord Granville denied that himself as an individual member of the Cabinet was bound to answer for them. At the same time it should be stated that Mr. Bright distinctly repudiated having intended to convey any threats to the Upper House ; and in this it was needless to say the Government were perfectly in accord with him. Lord Granville then went on to show that while the Upper House was so extremely sensitive on this point it should not forget that many expressions, to say the least harsh and unpleasant, had been used by its members in reference to the Commons. Lord Derby then resumed the adjourned debate on the Church Bill, and delivered a long speech, which was frequently in terrupted by short rejoinders by noble lords. Lord Kimberley, the Marquis ol Salisbury, Lord Redesdale, the Duke of Devonshire, and the Duke of Cleveland, the Bishops of Ripon and Tuam, Earl Stan hope, and EariNeisonfollowed. Apartfrom the prelates, Lords Derby and Redesdale were the only speakers against a second reading. The division will be taken thii (Friday) night No doubt the Bfll wil] be read a second time. The Life Peerage Bill has passed through Committee. The Earl of Clarendon made an in teresting statement relative to the Ala. bama negotiations. The Commons have passed the Bank ruptey Bfll through Committee. On the consideration of the Municipal Franchise Bill, it was agreed that women should be entitled to vote. The Endowed Schools Bill went througi Committee on the 14th. The question of opening Museums, &c.; on Sundays was brought on by Mr. Gre gory, but before the debate ended tb* House was counted out. A BUI for Suspending the Granting ol Licences to Beerhouses by the Excise fos two years has passed the Commons and i making progress in the Lords. The provision of the Budget abolishing the last remaining shilling duty ot foreign com, has taken effect. Com no* comes in duty free. One of the missing boats of the Blw Jacket, the vessel that was burned at sea has been picked up. It contained onlj seven people, and no mention is made ol the 4,000 sovereigns put in the boat whet she left the ship. The Government of Victoria invite tenders for the conveyance, monthly, ol mafls and emigrants between Greai Britain and Melbourne, via the Cape ol Good Hope, by steamships of not lest than 2,500 tons register, and each po* aessing accommodation for 500 steerage passengers. Colonel Torrens, M. P., has been giving evidence before the Parliamentary and Municipal Elections Committee on ttw working of the ballot in South Australia. Mr. DuttoQ has been summoned foi examination this day. The Colonial Society has taken a suite of rooms, part of those lately occupied by the India Office, at the Westminstei Palace Hotel, where it will have special accommodation for the reunion of colo nists. Extensive emigration from Liverpool to America and the British Colonies con tinues. The week before last ten steamers left the Mersey for the United States and Canada, carrying with them very little short of 8,000 emigrants. Last week the number was almost as great. The shore end of the French Atlantic cable successfully laid at Brest, is now ready to be spliced to the main cable on the arrival of the Great Eastern on Sun day. The Lord Mayor has dismissed the summonses against the three Directors of the English Joint-Stock Bank (Limited), on the ground that there was no evidence to send to a higher Court. He, however, committed Mr. Finney, the Managing Director, to the Central Criminal Court for trial. There is intelligence of an outrage of a serious character from Ballinlough, about four miles from Cork. Four men, each with a revolver, entered the house of a gentleman named Grey, and <*—?^i arms. Mr. Grey, although in an infirm state of health, fired at Campbell, tile eader of the gang, and mortally wounded him, bis confederates suddenly -taking their departure. The man, who *?** since died, refused to disclose the names of his [ associates. New? has been received of the murder of an RngUgh family in Abyssinia. Mr. Powell, a wealthy proprietor of Welsh collieries, Mm. Powell, and their youngest son, are said to be murdered, and doubts hang over the fate of the English maid servant and the keepers that accompanied them. Mr. Powell, who was a magistrate for both Monmouthshire and Glamor ganshire, and brother of Mr. Walter Powell, M.P. for Westbury, left some four or five months ago, on a ghosting excursion to Abyssinia. He persisted in going contrary to the advice of many of his friends, and has paid the penalty of his own life and of die lives of his wife wid child. Epsom races took place on the 26th. The weather was fine and warm; the concourse immense. The Derby was won | by Pretender, Pero Gomez and the Drummer were second and third., Twenty-two horses can. The race was won by a head, and a length divided the second and third. The. time by the clirotttgraph was 2 mat. 52| sec. On the Friday the weather was ray unfavorable, and the attendance was very poor for an Oaka day. It did not actually rain while the nee was being ran, bat torrents of water came down both before and after. Brigantine woo, Morna was second, and Martinique third. Fifteen ran. Brigantine, the winner of the Oaks, was iirst in the race for the Gold Cup at Ascot, on the 9th, Bine Gown, who was farorite, coning in Bocood, and Thortralsde?, a stable companion of Pretender, third, ntonrabden, uowerer, was disqualified, Hiruogh having carried an insnmcfcut •eight, and the third place was given to Formosa, the winner of last year's Oaks. The Prince and Princess of' Wales, the Crown Prince of Denmark, Prince and Princess Teck, Duke of Cambridge, and Ismail Pacha attended the coarse iv state. The Jockey Club has refused t.. accept the resolutions of Sir Joseph linwlev and Mr. Chaplin, proposed with a view to mitigate the evils which they contend re suit from the present system <tf U* -ng two-year-olds into premature nan? I -u\ it has accepted an amendment wh~ v <! have the effect of preventing horses j . .*t^ running before they are actually t? years old, instead of, as at present, dar ing their second y?ar. The racing studs of the Dnkc of Hamil ton and the Duke of Newcastle have lieeii sotdatTattenalls. The Duke of New castles horses were sold by order of the Sheriff of Cambridgeshire, and fetched prices below their real value, since no one could feel sure that some of them were not saddled, so to speak, with a mortgage for Btakes in default. Executions have been levied in the boose of the Duke of Newcastle in Carl ton-Bonse-terrace (and at Clumber), at the suit of Mr. Henry PadwicL and Mr Beyfua, the claim of the former gentle man being for £"95,000. At Nottingham there was an election contest on Tuesday. Mr. Seely was re turned by a majority of 109 over Mr. Digby Seymour, the candidate who was opposed to Mr. Gladstone's Irish policy. Last week a Co-operative Congress sat in London. Femdale Colliery, in Sooth Wales, was yesterday week the scene of a fearful explosion, in which it is reported that 70 miners have been killed, and many seriously injured. The explosion took place in the Doffryn workings, in which 120 men were employed at the time of the accident. At Mold, Flintshire, there has been a fatal riot. The colliers attempted to rescue some of their condemned fellow* who were guarded by military. Stones were thrown, and at length the soldiers fired in self-defence, killing four persons. Some 30 soldiera were injured. On the 24th Mr. MialL, the new M.P. for Bradford, was presented with the women's testimonial (a. library of books). Four thousand women (with only a dozen men) filled St. George's Hall on the occasion, and heartily cheered their member. Obituary.—Lord Stanley, of Alderly, a Whig Peer, and member of several Liberal Governments. Lord Brougfaton, better known to the public as Sir John Cam Hobhouse. He died in London., in the 83rd year of his age. Mr. S. C. Kell, a leading reformer and active philan thropist in Bradford. The Rev. Johu James Tayler, Principal and Professor of Biblical Criticism and Ecclesiastical History in Manchester New College, and author of " A Retrospect of the Ileii gious Life of England;" of i critical essay on the Authenticity of the Gospel of St. John, and of a volume of sermons, entitled " Christian Aspects of Faith an.l Doty." Sir Robert Clifton, M.P., for Nottingham. The great popularity of the deceased was shown by the fact that upwards of 40,000 persons were present to witness the ceremony. 