" WEST^YDNEYTELECTION.,, MEETING or THE Sol'I'ÓBTÉVlS'OFTllB'HOS.'jrÓlW.'Vj', KoiiuiiTso.V'AKn Mit, W.',I¿.",OÁMr;jiE¿'i,.< j . . i AMSKTlWCíttbe friends and supporters of thcMinia total candidates for the , representation of. West: Branch "'was held on Saturday evening in j the Wasonio uni), York-street. There were about 1200 was held on Saturday evening ," will, York-street. There were a Wells' Page's mind 00' chair was occupied; by Salmon. John Campbell, M.L C. Upon the platform. were i Samuel. Mr. Robertson, Mr. W. R. Campbell! Mr. sion was, as. Dr. Lang, Mr. John Gallabat, Mrs 'Y. JJ. r«»no5gb, Mr. N. Melville, Mr. B. James, Mr. li M. Fowler, Mr. T. M. Slattery- ,G.,IlurJpy, Mr. Pending M Mr John Hourigan.' Sutherland, Mrs J. J. Curran, and others. ,,??'" The CHAIRMAN, in opening (the proceedings, requested the meeting to preserve order and listen patiently to what uicspcaLcrs had to say He hoped the speakers would not indulge in personally, but simply devote their attention to lorries which wife of interest to the country at large. He then called upon a. . .- " '- . or. KoiiMtTfiON, who on rising was received with re- iterated bursts of cheering, mingled with some expressions of dissent from the farther and of the hall. He said, Mr, chairman and gentlemen, I appear before) you once since as a candidate for your representation in the Parliament of the country. (Cheers.) Twice before you have elected me, once you have rejected me, and now you will have the opportunity of doing just as you like with me. (Cheers.) Whatever you do, whatever may be the result of this election, I still think no worse In this constituency, or of any man in it. (Cheers.) I have been always one of those who believe in the will of the majority, and if a Manly of my fellow citizens think that they can bring better men to the councils of the State this myself, it is their duty to bring them in and leave me out. (Cheers.) But crown of my friends have thought that at this juncture ' His right that I should leave a constituency where I might ' have been returned without turning a feather, and come like you where it is likely there will become hard-hitting tobodonci (Cheers) Whatever may have been my faults through life, I have never shrunk from taking the blows" which come to my party or my position. (Cheers ). It is thus, gentlemen, I stand before you now, and I do not deny that I stand before you somewhat uneasy as to the course' of public events, will not hide from you that I grieve, deeply grieve, me lbs reaction of my old friend Mr. Cowper, by the other side of the city. (Cheers.) " I hesitate not to tell you now, gentlemen, that I would sooner have seen every one of my colleagues rejected by the citizens than seen him defeated. (Cheers and groans j Therefore, whatever may be in store for us, we have had the worst we can got in his rejection -(cheers)-that CB as far as my feelings are concerned. Bull am aware that neither East nor West Sydney shall New South) Wolca-(.choirs)-and I have no fear of fighting my way into Mr Bent in the Parliament. ('tumultuous cheering'.) I shall be here, they may depend upon their. ' If for this constituency I shall feel all the more honoured.; line if for elsewhere, I shall do my duty to the country as heretofore, and to this constituency in the same way. (Cheers.) Once (bin constituency rejected mother ignores feltniytolf the loss its representative. (Cheers.) I never will."] Our honored chairman__has__jioin{od. cut what I think (is [most proposed i; and wise course. He has told you he is desirous we should abstain ireiujnjlhing lil.o'pei^ouulityi-and.abnspiofiCeiich other. for, whatever other, gentlemen may" do, and whatever o)!ierfentlimeiLhayO| done in this election I shall offer no word of unkindness lorry man whatsoever, but will rocky, osbtionies m5 startling bofbro'yo'u'in my'pMition, examine into some of the allegations of soma'^^eMen^ritfd'endija year to show that many of their statements' were made air-tight. I will begin" with the greatest mirror! the other party - I mean Mn'-Potko?.'^ (Great uproarious hisses and bills, laslíng-íor^EoinivFccoñdii.) I hope we shall have no housing of all. Lot reaches fair play to Mr. Parkes, and" everyone else. I will tell, you why I call him the greatest man of his party. The man who naturally the chief of it was defeated iitiNewcaatlo.th^othoc.dny Syngman. quite open public life, and on his return here last night he found himself member for East Sydney,, carried in on the shoal-' dies of Mr. Parkes. (Choecsriand groans'.) Therefore, are quite right in dealing with Mr. Parkes as the important gentleman, and leaving Mr or rather. Sir James Martin as the ornamental part of the firm. (Cheers, and laughter.) I find that Mr. Parkes 'Has alleged that, during the late Parliaiuentnumbi-rsof measures, which he enumerated, had sprung mainly from-his brain, and passed into law. Mr. Parkes gave his colleagues very little credit indeed with regard to these measures. t He stated plainly that they sprung from him. If I -'knew that those Tuessuies did not sprang from him or from any member of his party, I shall show it is scarcely fair for Mr. Parkes to claim the labours of other men. (Hear, hear.) bespeaks final of the Public Schools Act. Any one who roads the " tills of Mr. Cowper and Mr. Forster will find clause after clause, page after page, of the Public Schools, Aotrtakoii from those bills. (Cheers.) Now, I do not deny for one moment that Mr. Parkes's bill was a better bill than Mr. Pointer's or Mr. Cox pets. I said that in the Ilousavvhen Mr. Parkes introduced it. I spoke in favour of its passing, I said I approved of it more than I approved of Mt, , Cowper's bill. But the labour of the motives was in the work of Mr Cowper's and Mr. Forster's hills the and sectarian character of the measure was more in Mr. Parkes's till than in the others I have mentioned, and I admit I think Mr. Pa'iltea's bill the, boat of the three (Applause.) I am not saying that now for the first -time. -Anyone who knows the course I took anning those debates will know that I voted cattle side opposite to my old friend Mr. Cowper, and in favour of Mr. Parkes's measure. (Cheers.) I must there 'fore have thought that Mr. Parkes's "bill the better measure. Mr. Parkes has very unfairly mentioned that it only appeared in some six or more of the divisions, upon his bill; but he knows he well knows th it I p tired off with one of the bitterest enemies of the bill-Mr. Forr lenge and kept him from voting against it. (Cheers.) I had a deal of business of my own to attend to, and having to absent myself occasionally from the House I tried this gentleman so that he could not vote against the bill. I did more than that I made the most extraordinary pair that ever was made in the Parliament of the country. I had a right, whenever I liked, to speak on the question, and I always spoke in favour of the Government. Although I paired off I would not agree repair except on the condition that I should advocate the measure and Mr. Parkes knows in his heart of hearts that but for myself and the . gentlemen who voted with me, he could not have kept together a House to enable him to pass that bill. (Cheers.) Tiiebt after night his own supporters tried to count the Government out, and my friends, on my advice, kept a House together for them. (Cheers.) I give Mr. Parkes nil credit far this bill ; but it is wrong to say that it sprang wholly from his brain. It sprang: from the brain of a number of gentlemen. I have a colleague here, Mr. Samuel, who had a good deal to do with that hill, and as a member of the Opposition was invited by Mr. Parkes to a meeting of his supporters when he (Mr. Parkes) intended to give up that iii! (Cheers and groans Y He was edging to give the hill) at because of the amendments made in it by the Upper House; and therefore it was wrong that he should make a statement which was practically a misrepresentation.' Cheers.) Another bill which sprang from his brain (which is very fertile) was, the Municipalities Bill. The hon. gentle man says that the Municipalities Bill sprang from his brain . also. You all know that Mr.. Cowper brought in a bill More Mr. Parkes, was in office. That Mr. Parkes brought jun bill to amend it is true, but that bill was drawn at the instance of seven or eight municipalities. Mr. Parkes had nothing- too without. It was handed to him to bring in, and of 8 F0 "perfectly prepared that Mr. S. C. Brown moved 150 amendments in it, which Mr. Parkes accepted, and which are now a portion of the law. (Cheers.) Is it not T> and to say that this bill emanated from his brain is the law was Mr. Cowper's. Then an amendment of the , law was prepared by these municipalities, and then the amending bill was amended by Mr. S. C. Brown "JAMES.) -The Mr. Parkes takes credit for the Indus mar Schools Bill. I am not sure that there is much credit due to any one for that but whatever credit there may be due to the establishment of the Vcrn'on, surely Mr] Cowper has some of it. He obtained the vote of Parliament Bent ; he enabled the plan to be carried out. It is too bad, for Mr. Parkes to claim credit for. the Vernon. (Cheers and groans.) He had that ship established a year, and when I came into office there were no regulations for the working of the vessel. (Applause.) Any one who sees the variations will see my name attached to them. (Cheers.) As to the working of the school for girls at Newcastle-? Tom I went to see that place, it was in a frightful con , 5109 ' and I am quite sure no one will take any credit IN that. (Confusion.) I do not wish to say anything Wray these things, but they did not emanate from Mr. A arbes s brain. Nor did the Volunteer Bill, another which unenumerated. We had the Volunteers underway long before he was a Minister. We had everything in working i s,' y friend- Mr. Sutherland and I were brought up M trio bar of the HOUSE, to be examined as to the expense of a grand luncheon given to 2000 of them many years ago, before Mr. Parkes was a Minister, and instead of their "A, is out there was! ft vfrnnS in this matter, they found -at Mr. Sutherland had paid £130 of his own money, and 'Mt I had paid £40 of mine for the affair. (Cheers.) We, are not boiiBling; we were saying nothing about this, but' of v ca contrives that one of his supporters shall move' M »ho paper?, and when they got them, they find they no not want them. (Cheers and confusion.) In Mr., -i writes s bill provision was made that Volunteers, after certain services, should have grants of land ; but the Ma- u -60 í,ílBI<'a for all that we have great 'swine's Rivers: thou the land' l am in favour of giving to A J ""'V we can not give it them in any other way, ? we shall have to alter the law. (Cheers.) It, is quite clear, 'But they are to have it. These bills did not emanate from w. Parkes a brain ; but there are some other matters which . OCrllflria Club TIT. "i s.t. at it YTT-. ii. street. , 1 hapBdid, What about the Workhouse Bill? (Applause.) hill' a or Sir James Martin passed a workhouse am so atrocious in character that, before it passed into opera- 'T>. 11 WM repealed by the unanimous vote of the Parks-' T' ," Yns a MI which gave the power of imprisoning! 'him for life without any enquiry as Yootha why and I therefore. (Cheers and groans.) Who's brain did that Juana and Co. an angement come from (Cheers.) That was a scheme by which this colony would have lost half- < was. ?. money- I no not know who was to get the' best [A,}°'T: "Betsy!"] Ihepato-nightf sir, we' drank no lx}>aiKii with ladies' names. (Laughter.) I 'WbiOMlt, was to receive that £50,000 ; That that is so from you would have lost, had it not been for us a small ' That . Opponents "of 'the Martin Government. (Cheers.) dMlV/inot!l.8miin Plan of money- If; will try of Great near M taxation to make up 89 much, as that if we had. nofrfltoWed fruit plunder, vote would have lost £oOÖ,000 I do not know who would have got ft (Avoue rt Ask John Davis He has got son nothing to do with it. ') When we came into office, there was another little arrangement going on in the mother country The agony of the colony was consulted by a gentleman in removing,, £l000aycir, and we found this agency c Induced in appetite m Thank » luck rooms, and by that i w i a merchant's own thinks , a id we found that mu chant and his him were obtained the freights and other advantages in conneo in with the ship meat of goods to this colony from the moth r country (Cheers and i effusion ) We thought that when n is a proper thing It might be all right and sincere, but it FORM not look nice to have the business of a Government, where thus and, I had almost a fire millions, of pounds Is are un cernid, done in the back slums of a men h m s alone I would like to draw attention to this matter of the Government agency, for unquestionably the more I ods imparted into the country the better for this injury Iron- Traders, though we mc, we do not want to have goods imported which we can manufacture here (Cheers ) if they can be made cheaply him, why give to agents and merchants the profits an ing from shipment { I go in for Thorough available for free trade I shall be nearer to the Government purchasing things here when they can buy them 50 per cent less in the mother country But it is a different thing altogether when We import things from the mother country which can be better and cheaper manufactured here [Cheers A voice " What about the two engines that Tiomo for ( Cabs of "Put him out and Order ' Another voice " What about the Immigration Bill r" Cries of " turn him out, ' "Order, ' "Go on with your speech,' "He is the ghost, on I laughter] I would like I ) Know whose brain it was their Land Bill i emanated from They could not get even one man in the Assembly to approve of it (Applause) The free selectors on the one hand, the square (ers on the other, the miners, and (every chips of the community, every man acquainted with the business of the country, hailed it as destin give to their interests It was a bill that no one liked I can under ht and a man getting a bee in his bonnet, and going in for one class of the community , but I cannot understand a nr n being donkey enough to draw a bill to offend' all classes of the community I would like to know what brain that Land Bill on mated form [A voice " JVciv Robertson s ] To, the bill that emanated from Jack Robertson has put 2000 men and their families upon the land (GhCefa with some expressions of dissent from the further end of the room ). It has been received from one end of the country to the other with more approbation, more approv is, more delirium ition to mains in it than any measure of Mr Purkiss (Cheers ). It WAS within the last two or three months that I passed through a thousand miles of this country travelling by way of the Hunter, Liverpool Plains, and New England to Queensland "Whcuverl vent the people turned out in thousands to meet me [A man no in the platform attempt I to mior kept the speaker, but a hat he said was 'elrovVied in cases of "Put him out, " Order hisses, and other not os The chairman at last interfered, and rp luestsT he person above mentioned not to interrupt ho the proceedings IhopCradn^'1« had caused the interruption was understood to say he wished to retract some thing he had said about Mr. Robertson ] I say that the people turned out in thousands to meet; me, and the very lines of men who said at one time my land law would-be their ruin-the squatte«-exorosBedf themselves content to leave the matter in my hands rather than trust to the Marhn-Parhes Government "(Choirs) from one end of the country to the other it was admitted that vas'J lok Robertson B bill (Cheers ; some confusion "created by persons year the door, on the light of the platform y j It iii as full that has stood Jack Riil(ortson'"iu' the interior of the country before the people and before and camera for more than tenth care, and tait will enable him to go to any country district and he returned without opposition (Cheers and groans) The late Government came into office and found £20,00 a year of of taxation imposed upon the people of the country for the purpose of ptryn¡ifr7 off the deficiency' debt" They remained in office, three years, and instead at spending that money for the purpose for which was raised, they increased the deficiency by £28,000 (Cheers, groans from the group near the door ) I would like to Snowstorm whose brain emanated that wasteful extravagance? Voice "What about the refreshment room ' ] I must say, though Mr Elgar was blamed, but not the man to put the blame upon him, because he is the weakest man in the team I have no intention of Tsing-tao blame upon him but this I will say, he came into office with a deficiency that had arisen throughout the whole history of the colony, swarming to £100,000 He made a great howl about it, had otlKe one year, and made it £800,000 That being the case, one would have thought, if one man more than another had an interest in using the additional taxation rats from the veoplofortho purpose of paying off the deficiency, lewis Mr Eagar One would have thought he would be anxious to husband the money, and clear off that did it for when he was so much responsible (Cheers ) Instead of denies that, he received £700,000, spent it, and added £23 000 more to the frequency (Cheers and confusion) that is one branch of the matter Now Mr Parkes is [a very clever man, a very able than indeed-a man with whom I was long associated in public life and whom ""knot very well He asked, the other day, a number of questions knowing I was not there to answer them,. I will take the liberty of answering them now, as he put them categorically He save to us, " Why did they not repeal the tea and sugar duties ? " Well, this Government has only been in chap i m year, his was in office three years Might I not>ask vi he did not he hoped the tea and sugar duties " (Cheersh AA o were only in office a portion of one season , advocates into office at the tail end of the year, and were obliged to deal with the business as quickly as we could, not provide for the public Measurements When we met the P uliam»nt this year to deal with these questions of Snows, what did they do -1 When my friend the Colonial natural made his Budget speech, which met the approval of nine tenths of the people of the country which exhibited thnt\»owcro making a saving of £114,000 a you: and were progressing further with this saying, so that in the i years we would pay off £230 000 of that indebtedness which Mr Eagar had helped to create a speech which made apparent that this would be the case, which the Paris, liament was willing to affirm as one entirely eattafa"toTy - What did they do They appointed relays of men, who dor placed themselves, degraded the Parliament, an! degraded the country by talking against time, until we were obliged in the neccessities of the case to dissolve the P irli incur;. a loss could we deal with these questions when night after night these gentlemen came in relays soaps in until 2 in the morning i (Cheers ) [At this moment Mr W B JJ illey intend the room, and was greeted with tumultuous cheers A How could we bring in measures, or bring forward bills for the purpose of dealing with the fiscal policy of the country of How could to do anything which they kept talking and talking on a resolution that it was necessary to pass before There bills could be brought in (Choirs and confusion ) Tfroi prevented us not by their majority not by constitutional action-but by more talk, talk, talk and thus they are a cated us (Cheers ) I do not say was intended to bring in a bill to do away with the tea and sugar duties, I do not believe that any Minister who will ever go into office, at any rate for many years to come, will attempt anything of the 1 sad but I do say when those men allege it was any portion of the policy of this Government to double theatres and sugar duties, or increase them at all, they say that which they now is false (Cheers and groans ) We had no intention of anything of the Uni, and my friend the Colonial Treasurer said so. Then Mr Parkes asked why did we not repeal the ad valorem duties' He asked that -he had the audacity to ask that knowing we had bills prepared 1 non ing the Colonial Treasurer had resolutions 1 before the HOUSED for the purpose of their rope it And he knows that those who banded themselves together to talk against it were the men who presented] these resolutions being passed, and bang now, the law (Cheers ) Why have we not redtieM the public expenditure he asked I might ask, why did he not reduce the public expenditure ? I might ask why instead of reducing it, did he largely increase U- Whyihcj had put in the CB by men, friends of his, -where we had not put in one (Cheers I might ask all the questions But I say we did reduce the public expenditure (Cheers ) Groans from the group near the door Cries of "Order," and" turn him out") I say it will be found that in dealing with the departments over which.! had control, during this very year in spite of those obstructions, there has been more than £30,000 of reduction' in the expenditure) (cheers compared with the last year? in which Mr Parkes presided over the department I say? that in every department of the public service reductions were made, and that on the Estimates for 1876 is clearly shown a reduction on these departments of £IU,OOOJ (Cheers ) In answer, then, to Mr Parkes a question, I say we did it in spite of his assertion to the contrary (Cheers ) And this gentlemen puts the case somewhat more clearly He says "They talk about about half the establishment at Cockatoo Island-an established ment which cost an immense sum of money, for no benefit whatever I say -we have Abolished) it He know it when he was speaking Ila knew we had, abolished if and had cut down the department to the extent mentioned But Mr Parkes and those who act with him have endeavoured to make it appear we are doing some absurd things with regard to cripples and lunatics (Hear, hear ) They must be lunatics themselves who talk in that, way (Cheers ) I made regulations, under the advice of Dr Manning, one of the able t men who ever came to this country to enable the friends and relatives of these people to take them away and care for them instead of keeping them in a madhouse (Cheers ) Wherever Dr Manning and the board of visitors approved of a patient going out and whenever the friends of a patent were willing to take! him, and likely to care for him, I made arrangements! whereby the Government would assist those friends to take him and care for him with that love, kindness, and affic f finn only to be received from relatives and friends I (Chens ) I ask any man if he had a sister, a harmless; lunatic, and his wife were willing to take her! home and care for her, he would not rather have her at home than in a madhouse? (Hear, hear That is what we did We assisted those people willing to take them, and we provide for periodical visits to BOS that! they are all right This is what Mr Parkes calls turning] the lunatics out upon the streets We did the same with! certain old men and women in the workhouses We could' give their friends a little assistance, if their friends took them home and cared for them But no man was forced to go , no one was allowed to go until the officers in charge were satisfied that these people would be properly and kindly cared for And these men have been hardy enough to talk about this being meant as some kind of wretched party by chfCEC-pnring economy on the part of the Government (Cheers ) There is one matter I desire to allude to in, regard to the Tel The schools, and I will not allow it to pass Mr. Parkes has spoken of some intention of some Government or other, or some Parliament or other, not to alter the Public Schools Act, but change the whole character as the regulations I challenge Mr Parkes I p about invfh ng I In v done since I have been in office to I wear HUob. I conclude m (Cheers ) All I have done has been done for 'incurs so of facilities,; IboCuiin line very own to enable them to carry on the II ensure While I d th it I p bid to) you, pital to the country to e y whether I was not It ice I in iprsiuonof the greatest difficulty in n i silt n n which no Mu i ter ever should be 11 in 1, in h tun,, to deal in the conduct of his b is n as w ill. Two of the jm st bitter of our 111 events and leaders of the Opposition, who were in the Court (Chert) Was it 1 kill I coil I have any peace or corn rt I say the in in who outraged that law won its author, when he put in itself and fair James Martin upon that council (Prolonged cheers and some groaning ) There is no man in the country Parkes iiotexceplcd-who will be hardy enough to scythes either branch of the Equal iture ever contemplate 1, the position I have been pi i ed in by -a lying two of the leaders of the Opposition to co" tend with in carrying out that important part of my public duty (Cheers ) There is no man in tins nicotine, or in this country, not even Mr Elgar who will be her by enough to pay that any one over contemplated that these two leaders of the Opposition should call in another leader of the Opposition, and give him £100 of the people's irMiev for examining the accounts (Cheers a id dissent ) I say that Mr B igar, however eminent he may be, is not responsible for his conduct to the people of this country His report is of no value There are or per public account ants responsible to the Government and people known to the Government, and liable to be punished if they do anything wrong, these are the proper people to examine Into these accounts If they had done so, we should have h id a more satisfactory ex mmition, nil Mr > roar would have lost £100 (Cheers and groans ) Mr P triton ch urges is with doing something atrocious with regard to Mr llrdd s case-that we have given up certain papers, we should not give up Let us be a how this is in the first place, I say, and the papers prove it that no promise of secrecy was given to any of the witnesses I s with it. the papers, having been carried away from the office by Mr Parkes (who has peculiar ideas of dealing with public documents and carrying them away I do not exactly know What was in the commission that paper has been smuggled away from my office (Cheers and groans) But I do say, I have a telegram from the chairman of the board ask up- who than he can make a promise of BO TCBJ, and that question being, i asked, I suppose there is nothing about secrecy in the commission iiierowaauu evasive answer given I under stand from the Under Secretary to the Colonial Secretary that he has no knowledge of any such secrecy having been promised, and a member of the commons in told me that no such promise was over given (Cheers ) But if it had been given I say it was a promise more honoured in the breach than in the observance (Cheers 2 If you take evidence against any man, I do not care who he is whether he is the senior in gistrate of a district the lowest paid r in the place, it is the first principle of the laws of the great country from which we spring that he should have the opportunity of hearing into allegations and examining the than who make the charge against him (Prolonged cheers ) I say that in Mr Hassall a case The evidence of his bitterest enemies was taken when he had no opportunity of hearing what was flaid-orjof [examining the witnesses it was taken down to Sydney and stowed away to be exhibited at day time, to be there for all time as a record against the charac- er of Mr Hassall (A voice "SHabie ') say it was an atrocious thing Mr Hassall may pass away fraid his staff of son in law any Ieconib Colonial Secretary, ill is it not a dreadful thing that there should be in the archives at least there (has negations against his relative ( Have we not now certain rightful statements being put forward in the mother country against Lord Byron long years after his death, based on certain so of tiles proofs It It may be that those papers will be brought up against MT rEUss all long years after his death I Bay no Minister should keep) them i I would have given them up whatever promise had been made (Cheers) This continual putting forward the allegation against the Government by Mr Paripa and his party, ' while none of them were the men to i ring the charge in the House by a specific resolution, exhibited r cowardice utterly unlike e mung to public tries' (Cheers ) ' If I had done wrong why did they not submit; a resolution under' the before the representatives of the people * No, that would not suit his book He knew I would clear it up, and all that he had been, guilty of an an English and tinatalesinanlike proceeding, such as no other man in this country would have been guilty of (Cheers and dissent ) Well, then, (we are charged with; doing something wrong, in regard to the case of Mr Cummings If so, why not charge he specifically by a rest lution in the House of Dandaraga It was perfectly easy to answer it I will ghan forty points of the case Mr Cummings had a run taken taken away from him for a gold held The Gold Commissioner, made estate In writing his report on the subject, says I refused Mr Cummings compensation Years afterwards the Cxojd Coninnsmoner found out hiarmibÇake, articles treated to demonstration that the paper he had written was a mistake, and Mr Cummings applied to the Martin Government for compensation Mr Martin said he could do nothing with it, but allowed Mr Cummings to go to law with the Government, and let the case be duly (rael before injury Mr Cummings went to law Incurred law expenses, employed lawyers, and was away in the Court by the statute of limitations bank, pleaded Was anything more outrageous than that r (Cheers Inviting, a man to spend money in law expenses, and to u pleading the Statute of Limitations Wo allowed this man r to go to arbitration If we did wrong, why did not tires J ¿errtld, men bring the! charge before the HOIIBO? But we did right, and I will prove it before the new Parliament, (Cho'iai) Well, then, e,t!nt!einen, we are charged with oudowouunL to take such a course as. by 'U wake Una country is. proving of the IWmun Empire (Cheers and groans ) Ihw must be the last dying kick of these people when they on leave of o inflame the minds of the populace upon a question likely to bring about so much misery (Ghee and coin usion 5 They have never said what we have done in favour of iheaopri"Bts, of whom we hear so much Mr W is it then a charge me with doing more for one man total motherF t done a it is alter to me what relation a man n, n I shall have fair play (Prolonjecilclieora ) If they were able to show how I have ever favoured one religion into a than and the thery would showing H there was any thing to no pointed? out, I ask you whether they would not have brought a forward of 1 say they have not, and they cannot (Cheers J They can make these allegations Who are WJ? Who are these gentlemen now busily engaged in making this country a province of the Roman empire í We have my old and reverend friend Dr Lang, (Prolonged cheers, with some confused noises from the back of the hall ) He is one of them (Laughter ) We have Mr Cowper, for many years the first layman of the Church of England bore (Cheers ) We have Mr Forster, one of the ablest and most eminent members of the Church of England! (groans, hisses, and a few cheers ) We have Mr Samuels a member of the Hebrew faith (Cheers ) What can he have to do with the Pope of Home, I would like to know P i (Cheers and confusion ) We have Mr Sutherland! another staunch follower of the Pops (Laughter) "You have Sir George A Lloyd, just come in charged with the same thing I have heard a good many things about Mr! Lloyd, but Una is the first time I have heard he his any sympathy with the Pope of Home (Laughter) W i have! Mr Richard! James should have thought A the present t tune, a. mostiorthodox_mtímher of the Church of Eng "lund and my poodrnmblcfself (Cheers If the Pope 0 Eomo depends on get\ineçthis country through no likely soldieralhanmehehaari poor chance of it (Cheers and! a laughter ) I do not know that; a covenant thing to the Popes of Rome on his people I know when I stood upon this platform before they hounded me from the rooms (Cheers 1 1 owe them nothing, I will give them nothing but fair play (Cheers.) There' are men who, having been treated by them as I have been treatäd/vvoull give them scant justice, but I do not want to remember the injustice? they did to me I do not care twopence whether they yet a for me or not I will ask, the vote of no man, or motor men, on any other ground than that they are be fairly] treated-that they are to have fair play and no more' (Prolonged cheers ) And this I will say I have been before the public almost from ray very boyhood and if any won can show one single case of favouritism to any religion! whatever, I say I will retire from public life, (Cheers ) 1 give my own money to the religion in which I was brought up have given my own money) toother re J ligions, but as far as the money of the State is concerned my efforts have been to give them no money! whatever (Cheers ) there can be no f ivountistu in that.' the next charge made gainst us as Ministers, is that we have no right to attend public meetings This is a new, law I thought when we had responsible government, when we had a government of "the people and rasponHibloitií the people, the more Ministers came before the people the better they would know the people, the more intimate they would be with the peoples wants and requirements, and the better they would be able to carry out their duties] (Applause.) But Bowe gentlemen are growing too great for their clothes (Laughter ) [A voice " Go an old sorry go in ] Some people are becoming so high and mighty! they cannot see that they are of the same nature as the masses whom they call the people I have always been! willing to meet the people, willing to be frank, and true,! willing to tell them they were unjust to Mr Cowper, and to' lose my election for telling them so-(cheers)-but always! willing to respect their selection Itisiheirs to decide, and mine to obey their decision >a this election (Cheers )' Well then, Sir Parkes inquires what have we done that gives us any claim to come before taa people- [A voice "time ] (Cries of "Put him. out, and gone union ) No, no chucking out (Laughter ) I will tell you. what we have done We gave the whole of the people, through very 1 kind of coElurnely, and despite milking enemies, of our dearest fnerjds-via give the people manhood suffrage (Cheers) Mr Cowper gave the people the plight which they used yesterday, to expel him from TVliamont (chlcls)-which they used to place Sir Jumei'Ma-tin In-j Sir James MnWin, the man whose whole life had been a occupiers. preventing the people having the right told determine the iJucElion.at all (Groans and cheers ) We' gave the people another and the great boon of allY-vpcej by-ballot"- at Hillside you have got the me, valuable giving on the privilege of going into the polling booth and! giving your vote alone, in the presence only of your God j (Cbccre ) I say this is the greatest of all privileges for no man is able to coerce you and make you afraid Wh gave the people vote by ballot, and when we gave it Sir James! 1 Martin voted on the other; side, and did all he could to! withhold it from you I say v ug-i-oyou r land Tary which of has enabled every man to make a home for himself throughout the length and breadth of this land (Cheers ) The first thing I did when I entered Parliament was to destroy that old curse the JVlaators and Servants' Act', which made a labouring man a slave When I came into Parliament, before a man YfiUj allowed to engage with any employer he had, to produce, 11 dischi rose from his last employer J «'il egg employer editor did away with that turn- (Choirs) luckier nucleus of a line of public notion that exhibited that I was at all events d sir us that the p« pic should receive fair play ((hear) What are we trying to do now [A voice "INetbing ' Cries of ' Put him out, (Lo | Because weighed to pass a bill to make this Pailiuiiout which you are now decline a triennial Parliament, because we well-used to give you the power of ex mining inter the conducted (by representatives youngman electing' three years hence instead of Ino, because we wished that no corrupt Government having OJfl¡>ea¡-ion of a m verity of the Parliament should go on year by year and year by year in di none of the pe< pic. because we wished to give you that which is the list for ping stone to make your liberals perfect, the right to have those min-your SO called represent in yes -at the bar of public or union as frequently as possible we mo opposed by these gentlemen Because we wished to give the free selectors of the country is clear and runs takable right to their grazing rights rights which they have novels I have always said, notwithstanding that certain great lawyers endeavour to humbug than-air James Martin opposed as this did not suit Sir James Martin (Cheers) Now with regard to immigration. (Cheers and confusion ) I never was in favour of expend- ing public money for immigration I have never been able to see why the people of this country should be taxed for tho purpose of bringing people from the old country, and I have never been able to see why people coming from the old country should have grants of land, and the sons of the soil have none (Applause ) While I would be willing enough to have a homestead law giving every man a grant of land, I have never been able to see it is fair to give it wholly to the stranger Still, I thought the me laura night be tried as an experiment If we passed them a law it could easily be replaced It would be fined for two or three years or so, to see how it worked Yvewiro told it would bring Irishmen how.. I do not know which r a will no not that Mr Parkes's 1 it was so similar to mine I could hardly tell the difference IHa bill was to give immigrants thirty or forty acres of land, mine would give them only fifteen Whether Irishmen prefer fifteen acres to forty I do not know, but I should then r. they would like forty just OH well (Laughter) I do not care what people come here so long as they come female Lnti h tells (Cheers ) I will tell you frankly, I would i rather see them, come from the land of my fathers Scot and If I WUK sending for them with my own money I would Bind There for them, but with the public money it is a different thing Gentlemen, I have been a long time before you Cries of " Go on I have been more times nected a member of Parliament than any man in the country that may seem strange in the presence of Dr Lang and Mr Cowper, but I have always been in the warfare of party. I have been going in and out of the Government with every chance, and thus I have had to stand more elections than any man in this country I have been more times in Parliament and more time a Minister than any man in the country, and I have been more years a Minister than any man, in the country more even than Mr Cowper (Chocos ) Wheal stand before you, I ask you to point out any action of; same which I cannot defend before you or any constituency in the colony (Applause) If this is the case, I come to you and fairly a k you to give me your suffrages I do not come like Mr. Parkes, surrounded by i or friends and old enemies of the people I come before) , y 9s With my old, friend Mr. Cowper standing by mv side (prolonged cheers with Dr Long standing by my side j(ch<>erB)-with Richard Jones standing by my side with William Dalley standing by my side-(tumuttuoas cheers) always h p Mr Weekes standing by way colo with the whole strength of the Liberal party that give you all the rights and liberties you possess "-with the whole strength of the Liberal party standing by}'hiy1''6ide, except IVIr Parkes (Cheers, groans, and Confuoipri) j had not that Mr Parkes Had great and valuable services to the old Libernliparty I will never deny at I have "always a described him, as one of the foremost and ablest of the public men of this country, but I think of late years he has got a " bee in his bonnet,' AS they say an face "and-running into the camp of the enemy He has not got a man of the old Liberal party standing by his side, and yet he asks, you to treat him as the great light of the Liberal, party j! set up for no great light I have no pretensions of that kind, but if a fair and honest course throughout my whole public career, if willingness to take the brunt of battle in the people's cause, if untiring zeal ure matter of any value, I see. I have a claim upon you (Prolonged and tumultuous cheers ) Mr. W R CAJiriiELL was loudly cheered on coming forward <\- He said, it wAsiustatbout a year since the electors of West Sydney did him the honour of returning him to Parliament as their representative (A voice " Well put you in again "] At the time he went into Parliament, the Ministry had only been in office fra short time , add a want of confidence motion, introduced by Mr Parkes, was being discussed He informed the electors that he should support Mr Robertson and his colleagues against that a motion, as he considered they had not received fair play They ought 'ohayaljeen alloyed to state their hey, before comments upon their character were made When the (Nov eminent took office, Sir James Martin stated that the Opposition would offer no factious obstruction to the public I usances But Mr Parkes was put forward to upset the Administration. The discussion went on week after week, and Mr e Parkes's motion was at length negatived. He thought Mr Parkes would have retired from any further obstruction But immediately after yards Mr Piddington rose to oppose the granting of Supply That went on for 'OUt^ivnionfb, and Mr Piddington was defeated Sir James Martin then made an affirm it to ups at the Govern of mt, Bothe v as of oiled. Then, 11 1.1 ill, Mr Lucas made an attempt to oust the Government (L nighter ) So that from Dacomb r to Marcb,¡,hardly any of the business of the entry was donor nAnd who were to blame for that? V by, the OjipositieJET, (Chiefs ) He believed that the Opposition îiierej^frèjejifr-tiheir obstructive course in order to brainpower iii^pay^/jj'A. face " Mike a speech ' J He had been edÇ^fe^TÏwJiaving taken a more active part in the Hon ,to¿¿ot'i?taoáuiabused other hon members Lvfrrth!rijî^l'"AT^c7^i^bti""B"^^ against his private hnracteir^^B^iiXßil-rrp--4iMîiottothstamling that he tiickXÄlUs-'ölupuw.r- WheorH^o->^id he supported the MinwrvVns he tmjl&Sould; done they turn.) he was elected. as \tf.Ui¿ first entered thA-HAU^o^ae/ivov er said a word, to c use 35eirrbitrrM wish to m^Wt^BSiaip many bitter person!, litres (;lttwy'r-H5diu"nptwiiut either office or place They had V'aeUßoionB enteritis raised disprWbns on past, but nothing ovNisdose towards getting gay with the business of the entry -"-Arlene; however, the Government, adopting 'hg JË»H»nifcs' of their p iJecossors-, got them passe»î~Ç'ioV*~laad to be rushed through with Scarcely any consider soon whatever The Estimated having been passed the Parliament was prorogued. After a recess, Parliament was called together again, and the Government brought forward a number of bills which were well worth consideration and discussion But the Opposi- tion were determined that no measures of the Government should be discussed. With regard to his own political opinion he said he was opposed to the ad valorem duties, and had always done the best that 1 ly in his po Ver to get their abolished He Stated, when returned, that he would do all he could to prevent the Public Schools Act from being touched, not over by Mr. Parkes himself no sign repeated That he said then. Those who felt the ad valorem duties most were men of small means, and who received the] lowest wages If they did not agree with his past political conduct, let them not return him this time He was in! favour of free trade, and he believed that Mr Robertson was also a free trader (Cheers ) But the city seemed at present to delight in nothing but protection] and had just returned Sir James Martin Protect on was the last; thing that should be resorted to if we (had protective duties, everything that a man might eat or drink, should be taxed -The Government rJurrag.tho past session introduced a Tinonm of parliament] Bill When he first entered Parliament he scarcely thought such a measure as that was needed But he had seen so much in the conduct of certain public men, that he now! thought it was one of the best measures that we could have) At a meeting held the other evening, Mr Wearne, the gentleman whom he beat at the last election for West Sydney, stated that he (Mr Campbell) would not have been returned if a number of what were formed dead votes had not been polled All that he could say was that be Knew nothing whatever about it, and did not believe that it f ingle diahontitvotewasTicorded in his favour (Cheers ) With regard to the newspaper tax, he thought it would be well to abolish it There was nothing he should so much like to see altered in the succession duties, which acted in a most Harsh and harnessing manner, especially upon poor people. He was also in favour of a uniform! tariff in the telegraph department. It was just is easy to send a message 300 miles nsjo read it five miles And he, did not see why messages should not be bent at as low a, price as one shilling. He did not think too even as would suffer from it. He was nlsonnxiouB to see the big mines on Fund put upon a proper footing- The fund had 1 become exhausted by, he believed, bad man lemons Rub the just claims of the Cml servants must not be repudiated by (The Government in the present contest the cry of religion had been raised. He might say that he was a Protestant to the backbone, and so was everyone who had longed to him But it was monstrous to say that he was not to speak to or associated with any one else but those w ho! were of his own religion He should choose his f needs m4 despondently of any religion. (Cheers ) He thought it; was disgraceful that in a young country like this religion should be allowed to crop up in politics (Cheers) It would ruin the country Was it to he, supposed that we should get people to emigrate to these lectures if, when they got here, they had to fight for their religion (Cheers ). The sooner all religious societies were Xratpncndlo the better,. Ifureturned In Parliament has, a could not countenance any society or organisation whatever, jHowoB'dontirilyjpot, them out of the country whether Orange ntBGCiafons, Protestant political associations, or any! other tisFOoiRtionil Men who want about'crvmg up their yl'feilW Vene.to the rum tojbrijr.usted. (Cheorai) i Fancy Sir James Martin coming forward on the hustings to-day! . story telling about 'his Píftt£»tnr4s""(L.mffhter.) i They, must not be surprised to see Sir James Martin coming! forwards and enrolling his name among! Protestants! (Lmighter.) JSovf that jranihiiilnii. had received the title of a i'jBui" be (MrnGampbell) supposed he considered it- night] to be also a «defr-nderof the faith (Laughter) He did anotviiehtofsry anything offensive againstjSitJaraes-Murtin, am jhojj'fBpictedj that gentleman But the question riot was how it was best to get into power. And Mr Parkeo'a card was religion, and he seemed determined to play it to the deaths. there was Mr Buchanan-(groans)-who, he supposed, was one of "B Protestants," of whom Sir James! Martin spoke In the year 1866 Mr Buchanan, in address-' ing a meeting, said a Fenian society was the only patriotic society on the face of God's earth. But from what that gentleman huduttercd during the present contest, it would appear that the Protestant Political Association was now the only patriotic association, in sentence, He was gurt) ht) mc a better patriot than one-half of those who boasted so mob. shout it. (Cheers.) Why, many of the members of the Protestant Political Association would kick their I own { fathers out. (Laughter and cheers.) The people must, if they wanted the business of the country to be carried; forward, return men who would not devote the whole of their time to, talking about religion, and rnMFg religious animosities. He did not wish to go into Parliament, for his own pleasure. He had alWays given his vote honestly; he had been, ngular,inhi*iittendance; und, if the electors (thought he had Dialled his duty, he trusted they would show their appreciation of his services by returning him again. (Applause ) As to Mr. Ungar, the late Treasurer, he considered him one of the most useless men in the House and in proof of that he need only point to the little arrangement that that gentleman attempted to make with Kohn and Co., by which the colony would have lost £500,000. (Applause.) He would now leave himself in the hands of the electors, and, if returned, he should feel the honour deeply. (Cheers,) - Dr LAM>moved, "That the Hon. John Robertson and Mr. William Robert Campbell are fit and proj>>r persons to represent this great constituency in the future Parliament of New South Wales." Mr. Firm seconded the motion, which was carried by acclamation. Mr. W. B. DALLEY addressed the meeting in very eloquent terms, declaiming against the choice) of representatives which had been made by the electors of East Sydney, and exhorting the electors of West Sydney not to follow suit. He concluded by moving,-" That the Rev. Dr. Lang in a fit and proper person to represent East (Sydney in the forthcoming Parliament." The motion was seconded by Mr. J. E. SALOMONS, and carried by acclamation. Three cheers were given for the candidates, three for Mr. W. B. Dalby, and three for the chairman, and the pro ceedings terminated at twenty minutes to 12 o'clock. 1 