THE STASE. »> "The best in tliis kind are but Shadows."— Mid- sumhkb Night's Dbeam. — I can conceive nothing more destructive of the pleasure of " going to the play" than going there with solemnity, as if you were going to a funeral, or even to an execution. Yet this is the spirit in which most of your professed " critics" go. They go to kill an actor, especially a new one, if they can , or unleEs there are strong motives to the contrary — motives, I mean, which alone can pre vail with honourable men. I dou't know, and I don't want to know, what these motives are. It is sufficient to hear, upon good authority, that they exist in any particular instance. For, look you, an actor may bo praised as well as damned dishonourably. Wonderful, most wonderful, and again most wonderful, is it when your " critic '» takes a beforehand, a kind of a priori interest in an actor whom he has never yet 6ecn perform. We have seen in this noble Athens of ours, actors good or bad, as the case may have been, damned before they appeared, and we have also seen them —0, most wonderful actor, that cau so astonish a critic ! — crowned before they appeared ! . Why is this thus ? What is the reason of this thus- ness ? Have we not also heard from timo to time expressions of contempt aud loftiest scorn, to say nothing of virtuous indignation, at actors who have brought with them puffs preliminary iu the shape of " Opinions of the Press ?" Yet, Figaro is puzzled to know wherein these puffs foreign differ, in purpose at least, from those puffs do-, meslic — aud Oh ! . how colonial 1— which our Athens occasionally gives birth to. Again, he cannot but ask, iu the language of the poet, " Why is this thus ? What is the reason of this thusness ?" Did not H.R.H. Prince Alfred bring his reputation with him? Would not Charles Dickens, Charles Mathews, Blondin, Longfellow, or even Spurgeon ? Why should a poor actor or actress alone be debarred from doing 60, if the puffs be really cut from newspapers— and written, you know, by " critics " and brothers ? Again must Figaro ask, in the words of tlie whole human race, " Why is this thus ? What is the reason of this thusness ?" Spoom has come baek from Dandenong, where, as I told you a week or two hack, he had gone to study natural criticism for the Gridiron. He has been to see Herr Bandmann of course. In fact, we were all there together the other night, Cobra, Exquisite, and a galaxy of critical talent. If the Herr had known it, I don't think he could have performed for nervousness. The dress- circle, too, where alone the critical faculty of our Athens assembles, presented a formidable appear ance. It was about one-ninth attended. It is wonderful how liberal the cultivated part of Athens is to the great German actor. And it is marrellouB the deep interest they take in Shak- 6pere and tlie cause of the legitimate drama. All the plebeian parts of the hoUBe were full. Even the ragged Bedouins came to see Shakspere, and Hamlet, and Bandmann, aud Rose Evans, and all their other favourites, and paid their six pences like men, ay! and enjoyed the play, too, aud looked and listened with all their unculti vated souls, trying to do what the great master told them, to amend with their own imaginations the shortcomings of the mimic scene and the "shadows " of the poet's brain. Well, as I have said, we were nil there, aud opinions circulated freely between the acts. Spoom, as usual, praised everything "heartily. He is one of those who do not gp to the theatre as to an execution, and really he expressed himself very sensibly. " It appears to me," he said, as we were drinking our coffee, " that we do not go to the theatre to be made miserable by over refinement. There is such a tiling as morbidly acute criticism, a sort of acrid pre-Raffaelitism, which cuts up the ploy into lines and even into wordB and letters, and analyses an actor even to the number of curls in his wig, or the buttons on Iiis coat. Such a dis position would actually attempt to decipher the labels on the jars and pots of Romeo's apothecary with the view of ascertaining whether they were really labels or not, and if they were, whether they were correctly spelt; or it would fiud fault with Caliban if the claws on his fins or paws were not long enough by the eighth of an inch. I don't call that criticism, but puerility. After all, dresses and scenery are the mere accidents of the play ; in Shakspere especially the acting is everything. It is the actor who absorbs, or ought to absorb the atten tion. So that, in spite of all Herr Bandmaim's innovations, and no doubt his scenic accessories are very good, I still look nt him, and the other actors, first and last, and before all, What I want is to see and hear the work of the poet realised by the actors. All beside is leather and prunella. Am I moved ? Am I excited ? am I lifted for the while into an ideal world ? These are the first questions to be asked. And, please to observe, I go to the theatre to have this done for me by the actor. I don't go to a banquet, if I am expected Jo bring my own provisions witli me. If I am to go to the theatre, and say to the actors : — I have read this play (for example, ' Hamlet '), I know all about it, aud this is what I expect you to make of it, and if you don't give me this, or something like it, I shall denounce you as a lot of incapables, — it appears to me I am reversing the order of things, and, iu plain English, making a fool of myself ; for it is obvious that every other man of equal judgment might go to the actors with special injunctions, aud then, what are the actors to do ?" " But you don't mean to say," put in Cobra, who had been listening with great impatience, " that there is to be no such thing as criticism, and that tlie absurd traditions of the stage are not to give way before the natural — the only rational style of acting ?" "You see, my difficulty is," replied Spoom, with perfect good humour, " that I don't know what you mean by ' traditions,' and by ' natural,' and ' rational.' If you mean that there are no canons of acting as an art — for it is an art — which are as true for us as they were true for Garrick and Eemble, and which will he as true a hundred years hence as they are now, I think you are entirely mistaken. If, again, yeu mean by ' natural ' that which pleases the mere taste of to-day, just as wearing gloves, or leaving off duelling, or not swearing in the presence of ladies, are now demanded by society, I think you are more mistaken still, for obviously tastes change, and our modern reserve and composure of manner — which, after all, we only ourselves preserve when there is nothing to excite us — would have appeared insufferable effeminacy iu the eyes of Philip the Bastard, or of Hotspur. I don't even know that they would be very ' natural ' iu the eyes of a Frenchman, or an Italian, or a Spaniard, or any of tlie more excitable nations of the world now ; and, certainly, you cannot be sure they would seem ' natural,' even to Englishmen, a hundred years hence. Lastly, if by ' rat ional , acting you mean something, as the word would imply, opposed to imaginative, passionate, spon taneous acting, I must beg leave to say I think you are more mistaken than ever ; for if good acting springs not from the imagination, and ap peals not to the imagination, if there is to be no fire, no enthusiasm, no abandon, as it iB called, no eelf-forgetfulness on the part of the actor and identification of himself with the character he assumes, if he is to remain all the time outside his part, as it were, like some dis embodied ghost, asking himself every minute, is that natural? is this rational ? — then I humbly confess I don't know what acting means, and I cannot conceive how any one can be a good or a great actor at all." There was some expression of approval round, for others had come up, but at the moment the colloquy was cut short by the rising of the curtain on the fourth act, and we went iu to see the last of poor Ophelia. Cobra kept ou gnashing his teeth ; Exquisite, in his treacherous feline way, kept on siding alternately with both parties— the admirers of Miss Rose Evans, of whom Spoom may he taken as the representative, and with the detractors, who were led by Cobra. I remained silent, for I was really anxious to form an opinion. When the act was over, I thought there was much to admire, and that there was a reality in the pathetic touches which came freshly welling up from nature, the result of true feeling ; but I also thought that the study was not finished, and that Miss Evans would even tually make a more complete picture of the character. It is one which, if she take to it, will well reward her utmost pains. I trust this young lady will not be disheartened either by tbo rude ness or tlie intentional neglect of some of too Athenians. Her judges are the public, and- her friends are powerful in every part of the thcatro. Their name is Legion ; and seldom have their favours been better bestowed than on one of the best, if not the best, young actresses who have yet appeared on the Melbourne boards. WeBton'a have brSught out a pretty series of tableaux showing the story of Little Barefoot. They are well managed. Mr. Rainford took his benefit on Tuesday. The " Hamlet " burlesque was a fine specimen of pure " negroic " art. It is singular, the fascination of that singular combina tion of liquids, Vocables and gutturals. Negroic ! when that word becomes a dead language, who — who — but this is weakness — pshaw ! — why is this thus ? The " sensational " folk fly eastward, to the Duke of Edinburgh, lately re-opened, under tlie management of Mr. Gilbert Roberts, with a troupe of French and Spanish gymnasts. Having witnessed the majority of the feats performed by these gentlemen, in a cold perspiration with the box door open ready for escape, I retired from the theatre to imagine the remainder. They are the best we have had since the Lentous, and — really, " I can't go on, " I'm almost sorry that I e'er begun." Herr Bandmaun appears as Shylock to-night. FIGARO. 