SOCIAL AFFAIRS IN ENGLAND. ( IVritien express tu for S. M. Herald J London. February 26, 1809. Tbe miserable and tedious Convent case, which, has been dragging its slow length along during the last eighteen or nineteen days, and which is not likely to be concluded before to-morrow, has wearied and sickened us with its trivial and childish details. Anything mere supremely ridiculous can scarcely be imagined, yet it hBB been allowed to throw the whole legal business of the country into arrears, to add considerably to the proverbial delay of the law, and to enormously increase the expense of cases awaiting bearing, and all because a parcel of women, pro fessing to have devoted their lives ^to the cause of religion, coulu nor xorgei mcir leuatuuc iuD,uit.H, wuv must needs employ their time in practising those arts of petty spite towards each other, in which females — we eav it with all due deference to the fair sex — are such adepts. One good result, so far as the interests of Protestantism are concerned, has, however, been achieved, the poetical halo which has so long surrounded English ideas of nunnery life have been dispelled. The whole system of conventual discipline has been rendered ridiculous. The charm has been broken, and the romance of the thing destroyed. How the Roman Catholic authori ties could have allowed such a cose to find its way into an English law court seems inexplicable. No wonder that the Tablet refuses to give any details of the case. The weather continnea exceptionally mild. In our own garden the rose trees are in full leaf, and in the southf rn counties wehearof full- blown yellow tea-roses making their appearance. The other day we saw some beautiful lilies of the valley which had been im ported from France, while as for violets, they have been sold here in the streets almost daily since Christmas. The natural result of this climatical mildness has been a considerable diminution of the sufferings endured by the poor, and a steady decrease in the amount of metropolitan pauperism. The Times has taken the opportunity to publish an elaborate synopsis of the London charities. Although very imperfect, it covers two and a hait pages of the great journal, and shows that an immense sum, counted not by thousands, but by the million, is annually expended in charity upon the London poor, in addition to the provision made by the poor law, the wealthy city charities, and the numerous local charities. Looking at the various classes, we find that more than one million of the two is devoted to the necessities of full age, and a quarter of a million to childhood and infancy. Old age receives the smallest amount, being assisted with a comparatively meagre dole of £25, 000. Professional charities stand for more than a fifth of the whole sum, or more than £400,000. Benevolent agencies connected with the Church of England stand highest in this class, and while military charitieB amount to £32,000, those for seaman and the navy reach £157,000. In the charities for childhood and manhood the relief of sickness occupies a sad pre-eminence ; but a third of the sum devoted to the former class is appropriated to purposes of education. Such items as furniture and repairs, rent, printing and stationery, and salaries and WBges, these are the mere machinery of collection and distribution, and they reach a fifth of the whale expenditure. If we add the portion of the house keeping which is of the same character, there can be little question that folly a quarter of the whale sum contributed is expended on mere machinery. There is ample room for improvement ; but notwithstanding the obvious necessity for reform, the influence ofeecre tarydom is so great, that nothing but the interposition of Government seems capable of producing a change for the better. But the present Ministry are not likely to interfere at present. Independent of the disestablishment of the Irish Church and the reduction of the national expenditure, tbey have cut out for themselves a vast amount of social legislation. Xn fact, one might imagine that the long anticipated millennium of social reform had at last arrived. We are promised Govern ment bills on compound rating, English endowed schools, National education, repression of crime, licensing, county finance, pauperism, 'equalisation of metropolitan taxation, bankruptcy, scientific educa tion, and we know not what besides. Then the private members are unusually active. Mr. Locke Eing desires to legislate on Primogeniture, Mr. Hughes on Sunday Trading, Sir W. Lawson on the Liquor Trade, Mr. R. Gurney on Married Women's Property, the Solicitor- General on University Tests, Mr. T. Chambers on Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister, Mr. P. Taylor on the Payment of Members, and Mr. Fawcett on Election Expenses. Mr. M'Lagan and Lord Elcbo have rival bills for the amendment of the Scotch Game Laws, and Sir.G, Jenkineon and Sir M. Lopes both demand inquiry into local taxation. Sir H. Eulwcr, Mr. Berkley, and Mr. Leatham have all notices on the paper about the Ballot. 'Very little has, however, yet been done ; and there are not wanting people to predict that the question of Irish Church disestablishment will, like Aaron'6 rod, swallow up all others. The present outgoing mail takes out tidings that will cause huge rejoicing -in the Australian protec tionist csmp. There have been rumours of heresies among our Lancashire freetraders. It bas been asserted that many of the Manchester cotton manu facturers are hankering after a return to the old pro tectionist system. It is very odd, in the face of these reports, to find papers, like theStan'dard, which, some two- and- twenty years ago, were to tbe found stoutly maintaining protectionist doctrines, now as persistently insisting that free trade must continue to form the' national policy, that the present state of things, of which the Lancashire cotton-spinners so bitterly com plain, is not due to the operation of free trade prin ciples. Not a bit of it. Listen to the Standard ' For ourselves, we consider the discussion upon the point whether free trade is answerable either for the decay ot corn farming, or of our cotton industry, to be altogether irrelevant and superfluous. Other ques tions have arisen, and have to be dealt with. A political convulsion has partially driven us from our old market of Bupply ; natural changes tend to narrow market of demand. \Vc possess resources whence to derive tbe means of coping with both difficulties. But, if those economists who once announced a never ending era of national good luck are disappointed because ' the impossible is not yet easy,' surely we may remind them that whatever else free trade might be, it was not the Philosopher's Stone, and that, however grateful we may feel for tbe commercial convention with France, it was not expected by reasonable men to keep ail the mills of Lancashire' going, in face of an American civil war, or to prevent depression of trade under the most hostile of indus trial influences.' Such a declaration from such a quarter speaks volumes. But, unfortunately for those who believe in the reappearance of the ghost of Protection, the possibility of Manchester proving a renegade to free trade doctrines is very remote. That there, are pro fessed free traders, who in their hearts are thoroughly protectionist, is as true as is the fact that we have nominal Liberals who at the bottom are hearty Con servatives, but'tbese very exceptions only prove the universality of the rule. The mere whisper of. a desire to rerarrito protectionist times instantaneously provoked such 'a general chorus of indignation that the promoters of tbe movement have refused to face 1 the storm of reprobation so incautiously [raised by them. England is free trade to the backbone. At this very moment, with trade reviving in all direc tions, with the prospects of commerce hourly brighten ing, nothing can be more foolish, more preposterous, than to imagine this country could be. induced to abandon the policy introduced by Richard Cobden and inaugurated by Sir Robert PeeL The inaugural dinner of the Colonial Society is to take place at Willis' Rooms, on Wednesday, the 10th of March. The movement is said to be more success ful than was at first anticipated, but it is noticeable that the Indian element predominates largely over the Australian. It is, moreover, complained that the. association is too exclusive in character, and does not fulfil the want so often complained of, and which it has been so frequently attempted to meet, namely, an Australian Club. The dinner club for Australians, now being formed in the Strand, may possibly lead to the establishment of a club of the desired character, . hut the histpry of past efforts is far from encouraging. Most Australians arriving in this country like to assume the part of Indian Nabobs, and to live like princes. Such people care little for club life, and without their help, Where are the necessary funds to come from? The emigration movement continues to progress, although little has yet been done in the way of send ing out emigrants, there being a general desire to ascertain what steps are likely to be taken by the Govtrnment, before, resorting to -active measures. There are now three emigration associations in tbe field, — the National Emigration Aid Society, the British and Colonial Emigration Fund, and the Family Emigration Committee. Au attempt, initiated by Lord Lichfield, is about to be mado for the purpose ot procuring the amalgamation of these, so as to ob tain a concentration of labour and exertion in the re quired direction. Recently there was n meeting, or rather conference, of the two former organisations, at the Mansion House, under the presidency of the Lord Mayor, on which occasion Sir T. F. Buxton, Bart., moved,— 'That Jthis meeting is of opinion that afford ing assistance in emigration to British colonies, under proper precautions, is a satisfactory method of reliev ing tbe distress existing amongst deserving unem ployed workpeople and their families.' This was seconded by the Hon. Mr. Fitzherbert, who spoke strongly in favour of emigration to Aus tralia and New Zealand, declaring the removal of our surplus population to those countries to form one of the most effectual remedies for pauper ism. Mr. Torrens wished the whole affair to be established on a commercial basis, and deprived of its pauper character. Mr. Alexander M' Arthur spoke to the same effect. He pointed out the importance and necessity for the exercise of prudence in the selection of emigrants, stating that it would not do to send out broken-down paupers, or men with l^rge families of young children, to land without means, and become chargeable upon colonial charity. He also insisted that csre should be taken not to send too many skilled artisans ta any particular colony. If the promoters of the movement would turn their attention to young tnen and women, or newly married couples, who could act as farm labourers or domestic servants, and who were both able and willing to work, they would be confeiring a benefit not only on the mother eountry, hut on the colonies also. The general opinions of the meeting, which was of a most influential charac ter, coincided with those expressed by Mr. M' Arthur, and there appeared to be an almost unanimous desire that communications should be opened with the various British colonies, for the purpose of ascertain ing how far they were disposed to assist in the scheme. There exists here an impression that the great ma jority of the colonial population are against further immigration, and this impression has been strength ened by tbe revelations contained in the letters pub lished in the controversy between Mr. Verdon and ' H. E. '\V.,' in the Standard. If the statements of the latter writer, said to be the late editor of the Mel bourne Argus, are correct, Mr. Verdin's mission to Europe, so far as promoting an influx of European population to Victoria is concerned, must be a mere sham. Unfortunately, the tone of Mr. Verdon's counter-statement seems to afford Borne grounds for believing that an extensive increase of population from tbe northern hemisphere is not particularly desired by the Victorians. 'We do not know whether the predilections of the colonists of New South Wales run in the same direction, but to ub it appears a matier of regret that neither the Robertson nor the Martin Ministry should have yet seen their way towards establishing a sound and effi cient system of immigration from the mother country. Such a favourable opportunity as the present does not often occur, the class of unemployed whom we are desirous of sending out being tbe very kind of which the colony is, according to most reliable accounts, largely in want. Cannot something be done by the present Ministry before it is too late ? The cultivation of sugar is a question attracting attention here as well as in Australia, only while our Antipodean brethren are talking of obtaining thp saccharine delicacy from the sugar-cane, we are here discussing the probability of remuneratively procuring it from beet. The idea is a very old one, nevertheless it is being paraded in the newspapers, as if it was some thing novel and had not previeusly been heard of. Works and machinery for the preparation of sugar from beet have been erected at a cost of more than £6000, at L&venham;, in Suffolk ; and there is mention made of similar works to be established elsewhere, the movement being accelerated by the advancing price of sugar, occasioned by tbe deficient supply from Mauritius, Cuba, end other places. The extent of this deficiency may be inferred firom the fact that in Dcmerert the drought has been so excessive, that not half the usual crop is anticipated ; while the yield in Mauritius is only 75,000 tons, or 40,000 tons less than last year. But the growers of beet have here serious difficulties to contend with, from which the Australian cane cultivators are free, not the least of theBediffi-. culties being tbe rapidly increasing value of land in all parts of the kingdom. Nor is the example ef the Frenrti and other continental producers of beet very encouraging. To thiB day, notwithstanding the assistance repeatedly afforded by the French Government, and the large number of concerns— over 300 — engaged in this par ticular kind of industry, the French beet sugar has never succeeded, commercially speaking, in com peting with cane sugar. ? And if the manufacture has not succeeded in France, where every possible assistance was afforded it, and where land is com paratively cheap, why should it be thought to be more certain of success in a country where those con ditions are reversed ? The promo'ters of beet cultiva tion dwell with great stress on the fact that the application of town sewage to the beet-fields, tends to increase tbe sugar -producing capabilities of the root. This is perfectly true. At the same time, the use of sewage as manure is found to improve alto every other kind of field produce, a circumstance which may possibly lead our colonial brethren to devote their attention to the utilisation of sewage more largely than is possible in this country, where the power of vested interest is continually impeding the progress of industrial improvements, whether in manufacture or agriculture. Another subject of Anglo- colonial interest is that of improved silk supply. One of the most formidable obstacles with, which the English silk manufacturers have had to contend has been the precarious nature pf the supply of raw material required by them. This, combined with the repeated changes of fashion, has tended to impart an unstable character to the whole'' trade. That, with an improyed supply of the raw material, the silk trade, is capable of great' improve- ment, seems to be admitted by nearly everyone of experience in the matter. Dr. J. Forbes Watson, in a letter to Mr. D. Chadwick, M.F., states that, in his opinion, there exist excellent reasons why the Eng lish silk trade should occupy a more important position than it haB .hitherto done. The field iB wide and most worthy of cultivation. We have plenty of capital, and can command the best appliances, and there is no reason to suppose that the requisite artistic skill, upon -which so much depends, will be wanting — our manufacturers having begun to perceive the im portance of this. Dr. Forbes also points out that the precarious character of the silk supply has been in creased by the failure of its cultivation in France, tbe effect of which has been to render that country mope dependent upon foreign sources of supply, 'and so help in some measure to equalise, aB it were, the elements of competition between its manufacturers and those of this country. It seems to be becoming daily more clear that we shall have to look more and more to the silk- producing capabilities . of Australia. Hence it waB that at the preliminary meeting of the newly formed Silk Supply Association, Sir Daniel Cooper was present, by special request, as the representative of the infant colonial in dustry. The Association has been formed for the purpose of . stimulating the production of Bilk, by cottage cultivation and otherwise, in every country where the mulberry tree is capable of giving food to silkworms ; to encourage the intro duction and exchange of the eggs of the best kind of silkworms in silk producing districts; to offer prac tical suggestions, and encouragement to tbe producers of silk lor improving the quality, and securing a better classification, and for ensuring a greater care in the reeling, of the silk; to promote the exportation of cocoons from countries not well able to reel them ; and to communicate with the foreign, colonial, aad Indian departments of the British Government, and to obtain, the aid of tbe English representatives in the British colonies and consular agents in all foreign countries to promote and extend the cultivation of silk. Sir Daniel Cooper described the east coast of Australiaas being eminently suitable for the development of silk cultivation, and assured the Association that it might rely on the cordial assistance of the various colonial Governments in disseminating information on tbe subject among the colonists. If what Sir Daniel Cooper stated be not exaggerated, the Australian silk' cultivators have a brilliant opportunity for securing a prominent position in the European market for their produce. .After alluding to sugar and silk, it would be most unfair to omit the question of preserved Australian meat. The subject has again been brought under the notice of the English public ; this time by Mr. John M'Call. of HoundBditch, on behalf of the Australian Meat Company end the Melbourne Meat Preserving Company, at a gtpnd banquet at the Cannon-street Hotel, the large hall of which is one of the largest and most splendid in the metropolis. The company in cluded many leading Australians, members.of Parlia ment, literary men, merchants,- and persons of influ ence. The banquet was of the usual description; the' leading feature being-the substitution of Australian ' meat for English produce. We- subjoin a list of the entrees : — C4telettes dB mouton aux petits pois, Cute lettes de tnouton a la Reforms, ' kari de moutoa en casBerole, rissoles de mouton au vermicelli, chartreuse de mouton - aux legumes, petites pates de bteuf, escallops de bccuf a la flamande, cutelletes de bccuf aux tomates, kubsb byeza. -Of these dishes the mutton cutlets were, the most approved of, hut they had an overdone' taste and , lacked flavour. .The rielepis included braised beef and onions, roulardes of beef a la jardiniere, boiled boned legs of mutton, roulardes of mouton en haricot, raised French pies of mouton, beefsteak pies and puddings, Sc., also a round of beef exhibited in the Great Exhi bition of 1851. The second strviee comprised Cali fotnian jelly, Geelong jelly, Melbourne cream, Victoria gateaux, Australian puddings, Australian waffles, and Australian cheese. The drinkables included various descriptions of Australian wines, chiefly from South Australia. The preserved meats seemed to he generally regarded as eatable, but their lack of flavour, owing to the separation of the juices from the fibrous matter, will place them at a disadvantage iu the market, even when competing with fresh English meat at a far higher price. Tne problem of bringiog fresh meatftom Australia has yet to be solved, alt'.-ougb so much haB been done towards producing that effect. Theintroduction of the Australian wines, commercially regarded, was a mistake. They are said to be too light end etude for the English market, and can be appreciated only during the summer season, when people are too thirsty to find fault with what they drink. Another drawback was the fact that they were placed on the table in juxtaposition with samples of the choicest continental port and Bherry, and conld not but suffer by the contrast. The other speculators in Australian meat continue busily at -work. By the time this letter will have been dis patched, the apparatus now being constructed under the superintendence of Mr. Morris, of Sydney, will probably have become completed, and then we shall have a chance of ascertaining how far it is likely to become efficient. The most notable experiment in connection with the attempt at popularising the ani mal products of the Australian plains has been that just made by Mr. Tallermann. About a fortnight ago, he provided a dinner for about fifty persons employed in the great engineering works of Messrs. Penn and Son, at Greenwich. The meal, though simple, appeared to be relished by the company generally ; and several of the persons pre sent ordered some' of the meat, so that they might try it for themselves. The cost of the whole, exclusive of bread, teas seven shillings and sixpence, at retail price ! Ihe dinner wae brought down iu a 'Norwegian stove and, though put in before 11 o'clock, and not taken out till after 1, was quite hot when put upon the table. It ia by such experiments as these that Australian meat is most likely to be brought success fully under the attention of the masses. It must be remembered that up to the present moment no attempt has been made to extend the sale of the preserved meat outside London. In the manufacturing districts, with their hundreds of thousands of population, Aus tralian meat is utterly unknown, save by name. Tons upon tons of preserved meat might be readily disposed of in Lancashire and Yorkshite, were such a man as Mr. Tallerman te be employed by the various colonial meet-preserving associations for that purpose. If Australian meat is to secure a place in the market, those interested in the matter had better lose no time, for the South American gra ziers, alarmed at the 'rapidly increasing popu larity of the Australian produce, have been energetically seconding the efforts of Mr. Baillie Cochrane to commence a traffic in South American live stock, the consequence being that within the last few days a cargo of about fifty head of South Ame rican cattle have been landed in an English port ! Will Australian dead meat be enabled to maintain its own against South American live meat ? That is the question. The cessation of the Australian mail service via Panama has taken every one by surprise, it being thought that the arrangements made by the new direc tors would have been successful in averting the catas trophe. Mr. Purday has taken advantage of the opportunity to again bring before the public the ne cessity for combined colonial action if we are to have an improved mail service, at least once in each fort night. The present arrangements are very inconve nient, especially to the great bulk of correspondent;, the letters received via Southampton generally arriving too late to he answered in less than a month. For instance, the letters forwarded .from Sydney by. the present heme mail will be de livered in the country this afternoon, while the latest date for despatching letters from the provinces to Sydney, via Marseilles, was last night, thus occasion ing a delay of five months between the dispatch of a colonial letter and the receipt of the answer. Surely, this is a condition of affairs not to be endured much longer. The Melbourne correspondent of the Times alludes to the probable formation of a ' British and Australian Steam Navigation Company,' for ' com bining a postal and passenger communication between England and Melbourne, via the Cape of Good Hope.' The idea is somewhat similar to that entertained by several Transatlantic speculators — men who are ex tremely keen in discovering possible chances of profit, but it must be remembered that the objections made by passengers to long sea voyages aTe continually on the increase, end that with the im proved service between Paris and Brindisi, the jonrney from London to Alexandria hks become both shortened and cheapened, thereby ren dering the overland route more popular than ever, and almost confirming the prediction of the Sydney correspondent of the Times, who, unlike his Mel bourne contemporary, is in favour of the Suez route. If the projected company were, however, to direct their attention to tbe abandoned Panama line, which, after all, seemB' destined to become the great channel of intercommunication between the two hemispheres, it seems more , than probable they would reap the harvest sown by the unfortunate Panama Company.' The reported cures of snake-bite in Australia have attracted much attention here, but the English uife dical profession do not seem to think anything of Professor Halford's alleged discovery. Most of thein declare that there is nothing in it. ' At the same time they omit to mention that want of experience pr knowledgeon their part in snake-poisons deprives their verdict of any value. It is to the Indian medical profession that we must look for any reliable information on the matter, and this we are likely to receive within the . next few days. The great point which has perplexed our medical men here is as to . how far the bites would have been fatal, had not Professor Halford's remedies befen applied ; also, whether t£e remedies previously administered might not have hid some share in occasioning the cure of the sufferers, i Our new Police Commissioner, Colonel Hendersoji, C.B., is not unknown at the antipodes. Prom 1847 to 1860, a period of thirteen years, he was in the convict establishment iu 'Western Australia. The appointment to the post rendered vacant by the death of Sir Richard Mayne seems to be everywhere approved of. He is certainly a most energetic main, and seems fully capable of bringing our Metropolitan Police system to a point of efficiency which it hhs never yet attained, - The'South Australian Government appears likely to become involved in rather costly litigation. The English shareholders of the North Australian Com* pany (limited) have worked themselves into -, a ? state of exasperation at the -policy of the Adelaide authorities with respect to the Northern territory. They have fully endorsed the decision of the directors in refusing to accept the terms offered them by the South Australian Government, and the accompani ment of that refusal by a demand for the repayment, with interest, of the purchase money of the lapd orders held by the company. Iu tbe circular now lying before ue, the directors state that, should the South Australian Government refuBe payment, it may be requisite to obtain the decision of the Courts [of law in the colony, and possibly that of her Majesty's Privy Council, upon, the question. If the colonists 1 are wise, they will make an effort to settle^ the djs pute, without allowing it to proceed to a point which may involve -he waste of thousands of pounds which could be usefully devoted to colonial purposes. An instance of the suspicion and jealousy with ' which commercial appointments have become regarded' here since tbe recent financial revelations in connec tion with Overend, Gurney, and Co., and other com panies, is to be found in the recent refusal of tbe shareholders of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank to elect Mr. Robertson, nbtwithstarid- ? ing his acknowledged integrity and numerous quali fications, as a director,' the grounds of refusal being the bankruptcy of the firm with which Mr. Robertson had been associated. When shareholders begin ; to be so particular, the office of director will conferjen influence and importance hitherto scarcel v dreamed -of. JOHN PLUMMER. 