BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The annual meetings of the Baptist Associa- tion were commenced on Tuesday evening, October 19, when a public meeting was held in the newly erected hall adjoining the church. There was a good attendance, and the Rev. H. J. Lambert presided. After singing and prayer the Chairman called on the Rev. J. L. Davies to read a paper on "Progress in the Knowledge of God's Truth." The Rev. Mr. Davies having explained that he would not read his paper, but would give the salient points of it in a short address, commenced by remarking that all truth was God's truth, whether natural science, natural religion, or revelation ; but he would confine himself to the knowledge of God himself, and the way of salvation. Human nature of itself was not able to find out God, but God had made a revelation of himself, and that revelation contained all Divine truth. The truths of that Divine revelation had not been entrusted to any one man or order of men, nor had Divine truth been committed to the Church in any exclusive sense. The truth of God was committed to writing by holy men whom the Holy Ghost moved to that end, having been preserved by the special Providence of God in its course downward. Had God authorised any man or class of men to be the exclusive inter- preters of His word ? It devolved on those who claimed to be the exclusive interpreters of God's word to produce the evidence on which their claim was based. He denied that any evidence ever had been or could be brought forward in support of the assertion that God had appointed any man or order of men to be the exclusive interpreters of his truth. All truth was common, and a man's right to search, to investigate, to understand, and to embrace all truth arose from his possessing the capacity of doing so —that was, from his common humanity. So also, when God made a revela- tion of His own truth, and embalmed it in writing, He presented it a free gift to the entire human family. And a man's right to read, to investigate, to believe, and to rejoice in that revelation was based on the fact of his being a man. As the sacred Scriptures were the de- pository and storehouse of divine truth, it fol- lowed that they were the proper and special objects of study to those who aspired to the knowledge, of God. The ends for which the Church existed in the world were to train up its members in the knowledge of God, and in conformity to the image of His Son, and to communicate a knowledge of that written revelation with which God had en- trusted it to those for whom it was intended, viz., the whole human race. The Church was the school in which the whole company of the redeemed were to be trained for glory, and the knowledge of God was one of the first and most important elements in that training, and in order to enable the Church effectually to fulfil this high vocation, God had supplied it abundantly with the materials for the work. The Church should not neglect to avail itself of all those discoveries and improvements that were made in any department of human know- ledge which might assist in elucidating and con- firming the word of God, but strive rather to be in advance of the age in all knowledge, and in the application of Christian principles to all the relations and exigencies of human society. Learning was a great means for good, but im- portant as it was, let not any suppose that it was impossible to attain to a high degree of knowledge in the things of God without it. Many had done so. Many thousands of private Christians who possessed no learning had nevertheless been made " wise unto salvation " by prayer and meditation on the Word of God. Bunyan had no book but the Bible in the translation known as the authorised version, and now after two centuries of progress his works were read and valued. Learning was indeed valuable, but it was rather as a substi- tute for higher gifts. The chief particular needful for success and progress in the know- ledge of God was a sincere desire after God, and a heart set upon finding him. Their teachers should not be fettered and restrained by a regard for the interests of a sect or party, they should not be regarded as the represen- tatives or agents of any sect or connexion, but as the representatives and advocates of God's truth. They had a higher work than that of building up sects, or of vainly attempting to perpetuate human forms of ecclasiastical governments, which a few years ago had no existence, and which in a few years to come would have changed or passed away. The Christian teacher worked for immortality it was his to build up a kingdom that could not be shaken—to dissemi- nate and establish the truth of God, which continued and abided for ever. Give them a free pulpit, a free Bible, and a learned, honest, free, and fearless preacher, and the truth of God—unbound and unfettered—would soar aloft and fill the world with its glory. Give them this in every pulpit, and in due time they would see, not a nominal and formal union, but a real and abiding union, in which all denomina- tions would together attain to the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, to whom be glory, world without end. Amen. A discussion ensued, in which several ministers and gentlemen took part, and thanks were unanimously expressed to the Rev. Mr. Davies for his interesting and aMe address. The Chair- man then called on the Rev. Mr. Tuck, who read the following paper:—"The subject of this paper has been given as expressed in these words, 'On direct effort by our Church members for the conversion of souls. It is aswinifri that it is the duty of Church members to seek the conversion of souls. If Church members are also members of Christ then freely they have received, and can anything be more obvious than that finely they should give to those who still need what they have already ob- tained? Freely they have received of the grace of God. They cannot actually bestow that grace upon others, but they may become means by which it shall be communicated. Nothing less is intended when our Lord says—and he says to all his disicples—'Ye are the light of the world,'and 'Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father who is in Heaven.' The word of God teaches us that distinguished re- wards await those who 'turn many to righteous- ness,' and 'him that converted a sinner from the error of his way.' It is not prophets or apostles as such, or any class of official laborers as such, who are spoken of as being capable of such a work and of receiving such a reward. It is they that turn many to righteousness, no ecclesiatical distinction whatever being in- tended. It is simply 'He that converteth,' whether he be a Church member only, or a dea- con, an elder, or a bishop. We regard it as conclusive that Church members, as well as those who hold office in the Church, may as agencies turn many to righteousness or convert the sinner from the error of his ways ; and if they may do it, considering the momentous in- terests involved, it must be their duty to seek to do it. How many there are within our reach who are not converted! Perhaps we have children, or very near relatives, or intimate friends who are not converted. Many whom we are continually seeing, whose daily work we superintend, or with whom we are continually acting in matters of business, are not converted, and unless they are converted and become as little chil- dren, they cannot see the Kingdom of God. What can we do that peradventare they may be converted and saved? In what we have ad- vanced we have assumed that Church members have it in their power to seek the conversion of souls. If they had not, certainly it would be no part of their duty. But they have it in their power. Christ manifestly requires his disciples to seek the conversion of others. He would not require them to seek it if they had no way of seeking it.The fact that God had blessed the efforts of sincere Christians in this direction, even when they have themselves possessed but little strength, little know- ledge, and but little aptitude, shows what they have in their power to do with God's bless- ing; 'Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings He has perfected praise.' All are not capable of thbe same kind of effort, buat all are capable of doing something. We are all capable of letting our light shine before men, i.e., all are capable of manifesting and commending the truth of God by a truly Christian example. Now we should earnestly endeavor to culti- vate a Christian spirit and manifest a correct Christian example, not only for our own peace and welfare, but with a view to attract the attention of others to religion, and draw them into the paths of religion. 'A little leaven leaveneth the whole lamp.' Some may say this is only indirect effort, and that of course all are doing. We say it is the first step in direct effort, and we say all are not doing it. We must express our fear that a large proportion of us are not taking any pains to develop and unfold the Christian life for the sake of others. We too often do it exclusively for ourselves, having little concern for the spiritual need of others, and not seeking to exert an inflluence upon them which may save them. We should bring Christ down from above by our own Christian-like behavior, that others may see Him for themselves, and when they get a fair view of Him, they may be asked with some force of reason, will ye also be His disciples? Will they not begin to ask it of themselves? Now, this would be letting in the light upon the darkness of others. This would be affirming to them that they might read for themselves an epistle of Christ, written not with ink; but with the spirit of the living God, and where our speech would be contemptible, this epistle of a Christian life would be weighty and powerful. Now, whether we call this a direct effort of not, it is the kind of effort that is the most effective. Nor is any other kind of effort of much use unless pre- ceded by this. We may be able to write pathetic letters, and say very pointed things to unconverted people, and supply them with an endless number of appropriate religious tracts ; but it will be no match for a holy Christian life—a life which we endeavor to live more and more that we ourselves may be life to the dead. The world is very dark, brethren ; let us arise and shine, and be this dark world's light. Many, many, are dead, let us erect above them the living power of a Christian example that they may live. There are various modes of direct Christian effort which we should use as we are able, or occasion may require. A word spoken in its season, how good! How often such sea- sons occur, and if we did but recognise them and grasp the opportunity for speaking the word which would put them in the right place, how much precious seed we might sow which would live and abide for ever. Perhaps we often say serious and important things out of place. Some inferior motive prompts us to speak. Sometimes for appearance sake we think we must speak when it would be more upright of us not to speak, and it would be wise of us not to speak; but there are occasions, not a few, which ought to stir up our hearts and impel us to speak earnestly and solemnly of things which pertain to the soul's salvation. The afflictions which are common to all men we think more especially afford the occasions we have spoken of. How often and how easily we may find our way to the house of mourning, or to some scene of anxiety and trouble, and if we work skil- fully and tenderly there is good hope that our words will not fall to the ground. Brethren, visit the widow and the fatherless in their affliction, visit the bereaved of every class, visit those who are in want and adversity, visit the sick and the dying. Weep with those who weep; do not talk to them as much about the mysteries of Providence, or dwell too exclusively on the duty of submission or the benefits of affliction, but rather go down with them to the depth of their sorrow ; for the time make their trouble your own that you may do it effectually; recall your own griefs, live over again those hours when death severed some of your holiest and tenderest ties; or when misfortune or falsehood or deceit on the part of others robbed you of your own and left you desolate. Suffer with them, and there tell them that 'the Lord liveth,' that He doth not afflict willingly; that He chastens for our profit; that Jesus came to bind up the broken hearted; that He has borne their griefs and carried their sorrows; that having suffered, being tried. He is able to succor them that are tried. Tell them how in their affliction He stands at the door and knocks, and desires peace and friendship to be established between them. By such means, with the blessing of the Holy Spirit, you may lead their souls to God. The afflictions of human life afford a very wide scope for direct Christian effort, and a sphere in which our labors may be followed by great results. We may just say here that tract distribution affords great facility for get- ting at the poorer classes, and Church members of age and experience more especially would find great encouragement in that line of effort. Christian parents and heads of households ought to make direct, earnest, prayerful effort for the conversion of children and members of their families; and if such asked us what to do with a view to this, we should say, first leave off to do what is hindering their conversion ; leave off your irritability and impatience, which at once repels them from you, and makes sometimes your religious profession look hideous; leave off your excessive levity, which makes them think that spiritualmindedness is but a farce; leave off your wordliness and covetousness, and needlessly expensive habits, which make them wonder what you mean when you talk about not being conformed to this world ; leave off your backbiting, which makes them ridicule a profession of Christian love; leave off your disparaging your minister, and running down his sermons, which you were too careless to understand, too worldly minded to appreciate, whereby you have often destroyed hopeful impressions, perhaps made by those same sermons. If you would seek to convert your households, do things yourselves meet for repentance, and pray without ceasing for their conver- sion—practically describe to them the path of the just, let them see in you that shining light which shineth more and more unto the perfect day, and then with some force you may say to them - and you ought to say it to them— we aee journeying to the place of which God hath said, 'I will give it you.' Come with us and we will do you good. If we employ others in our business we incur a responsibility in respect to them. We are debtors to them as much as Paul was a debtor to Greeks and bar- barians. We are bound to endeavor to the ut- most to give them correct impressions of religion for the purpose of enlisting them on its side, and to speak what our own hearts believe when circumstances open for us a door of utterance. Such responsibilities beset us in every rela- tion of life, and seeking to win souls is without doubt the duty of all who have found peace for themselves. The kind of effort we put forth must be according to the exingencies of the case; but this we can do in all cases. This we are bound to do—it is the least we can do. We can be light-bearers to others by walking in the light ourselves, and approving ourselves as children of the light. We are always exert- ing an influence upon others for good or for evil. Why should it not be wholly for good? Why not always serve our generation according to the will of God? We are not out own. We are bought with a price; not silver or gold, but the precious blood of Christ. What it has done for us should incite us to do our utmost in His service; and an essential part of that service is seeking to bring others to Him. We cannot labor in vain, though we know little or nothing about results now. Our works will follow us when we rest from our labors, and will be declared in those whom we have been the means of leading to the throne 'steadfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord.' At the conclusion a discussion took place, in which the speakers detailed instances in their own lives, illustrating the best manner of ac- complishing the object sought. The meeting closed with a song and prayer. To-day the business meetings take place. 