KXEOUTION OF ARCHIBALD. (From the Rockhampton Bulletin, DecembcríS.) I At 8 o'clock yesterday morning the lait ecntenoe of the law wae, carried out on Alexander Archibald, in Rockhampton gaol. ¿boat a quarter before 8, the pri- son bell began to toll, nod the mourniul procession moved from the condemned cell to the enolosure where the scaffold stood. A considerable numbor af perrons -about 100-had assembled to witness tue execution. The condemned man walked into tho enclosure firmly and calmly, his eyea wandoring over the familiar faces gathered round the ecaffold; There waa a look ot resig- nation on his foatureB freo from any bravado, and his demeanour throughout was that of one who submitted oalmly to his fate, and was prepared to accept it with fortitude and Christian re.-ignation. The Rev. Mr. Carson walked beeide tho . pri- soner, reading the funeral service. Behind oame the Rev. Mr Jonkyn and the Rev. Mr, }T»ft1«j7. and the traolcfBnwl» A»uL¡baId wssdrosBed in a dark tweed suit, crimean shirt, and no necktie or collar, and woro a pair of prison shoeB. He looked but little worn down by his long confinement and,the menial anxiety he must have Buffered. Ho carried a bunch of flowers in his right hand, Under the eosffbld lay hiB coffin. Arrived at the foot of tho Eosflold, the concluding prayers of the funeral eervioo were reoited ; Archibald and tho officiating olergyman remaining standing according to tho usage of tho Presbyterian Church, to which ho olaimed to belong. Archibald's oyes, during tho recital of the Birvico, wandered reel loBBly over the faces of tho crowd, and he seemed to pay but little attention to the words of ihe olergymnn. Tho condemned man then knolt down with the attend- ant olargymen, and delivered a longoxtemporeprayor. During its dolivery, a constant knocking at the outer gate was followed by the measured tread of the Volunteers through the corridor of the entrance, and about eixtoen members of ; the force, cntored the enotceure ander the command of Sergeant ' Herloy and drew up al tho left hand aide of the «OifTold, the orders being given in a loud voice, and tho nicepaary manoeuvres being exeouted with a seeming iuilifleronoe to the solemn econo being onaoted at the foot of the scaffold-tho rattling of, arms falling dis ! oordantly on the last words of prnyor from the dying man. The polioe, under tho command of sub-iaepsotor Elliott, wero drawn up on the right of the scaffold. Archibald prayed in a clear, piercing voice, and all who hoard him wero sensibly nffeoted. Ho said, " 0 Lord God 1 I thank you who host permitted me to live for twenty-oljiht years-tho greater portion of wbioal, have spent in ein and misery-and I thank Thee that thou hast given me a few weeks for repentance-to read Thy blessed word, and for Thy worship. O Lord, Thou bast shown Thyself to me a God of holp ot strength-and of comfort, , I care as, .little for that coffin before me as for my ked. I thank thee, O Lord, for tho disoharga you have given mo ; and I hope that it moy . strike terror throughout the world. I bave boen led blindfolded C? pinioned) to the gallows ; 0 God, look down and pity me. I thank Thee for my olearanco from these dreadful iron» thie morni og ; I give mynelf, np to Thoo as a living eacrifloe, and pray that I may be made wholly accep- table to Thee, Hear my prayer, O Lord t Go i bless my wife and children-direct and protcot them; O God, bless them. I pray for my cnemioe, if I have any, and for thoso who may hovo committed peijury and may have given falsi evidence, against me, if thoy did. I ask pardon for them ¡,I do not carse thom any of thom-J bless thom in my heait: and 1 repent dsoply for all tbat I have dona, and I trust that they will bo tis frroly forglvon os I forgive them. 0 Lord, I thank Theo I have not an enemy to faoa; oh, I hopo to eeo all my old friends and relation« in hi avon. An old friend of mino was shown by me the othor day a likenoes of roy ¡.ISaviour, and in a f'w minutes I shall eeo my Saviour in reality. O God, have uieroy on mo, for my Saviour Christ's Ba o. Arnon Amen." Tho lost amen was dwelt upon with great fervency and apparent feeling. The Itov,, 'lr Jcnkyn thi n offered up a brief and earnest prayer. Tho Bov. Mr, Uurtloy also offered up a prayer. During this tims tho hangman was standing minor tho fatal boam, and tilontly waiting bia victim Archibald having comnlotod his prayer, exprteatd n desire to placo ibo flowers he hold io his hand in his 04flin. Hie request waa oomplud with, and bo walked over from (he foot of tbo drop to thc tuither end, uudor thu drop where tho coffin lay. The. lid vms lifted.by ona af tho gaol ofGcëre, anti .with bia pinioned arma Archibald pined tho flowers wiiore his bend waa so aeon to lie, Ho appeared pleased that his wh-h ia this roBcoht wari complioJ with, und waiker! back firmly to tho foot of the stops, .Ha mounted them with, a stoady tread, precoded by the ROT. Mr.,'Carson »nd attended by tho two other ministers, and tho gaol ufiicials. Aa he went up. ho said-' Thanks boto God I am climbing to, Heaven." On feaobing tho platform hs waa plaoed beneath tho beam by the oxecuiiontr, nnd the rope, was quickly adjunten round hi* nook. Before thu ca», wes drawn over his oyes, Arahiba.d udvunaed to th« fronrirail of tb-- platform and said "Dear friande, I wiBh,t] cay a few kind wolds to you bofora; mydo patturo from thia wicked world. I hopo my end will be a dreadful warning not only to ynu .wno, hear mo, but to tho wholo world;. I wlü cay nothing about my trial.j 'l.blèai tny'. countryrn'on who foui.d .iny guilty,, and tho" juu'go alto, and blesa Lia BOUI, and Qou abide "îwith hip?, and .long may :he¡Hve to admiuieter justice \ ?.* ,'. '. ¡ ' ??? :, .... 'tn . 1 .V,, \ í i. o,x;^ i 1 .*..?":;.; .--- I , f-and-meroy;- -ï-trnet-that-those who'haye oomnUtte wllfnl perjury against rn», if thoy hare don» BO, the tho Lord will forgive them. I have prayed for tbei late -) and oarlv, and . I '" want to show "yo that there ls a great d cl of , difference batwce 'trie and a man who has animal oourage for to comml ' a'murder. A mau who has animal oourago would b attie to walk np and meet hi* doom : but I want I show that the strength I hate isuoifiom abovo from the Almighty. It waa not from any outwan boast that any blackguard might maka that I .diei game ; God forgive me and save me from having i ..east being made by any blackguard that I died Jik a man, or died like a cur; I thank God it is bette than that, and I believe I meet my death ns a Ohrts lian. I trust that you will all meet mo in heaven, am an uneducated mon, and in a very painful position I cannot address you' in fine language-only in sud as I have got. I trust what I say will be soeepted bj the whole of you. I trust that all of yon, and younr, men particularly, will keep away from drink, bad com pany, and racehorses. I trost that a few nid friendi that I ase amongst those around me will give up those things, and may' bcoomi better men Godg bloss you all. I pray for yoi ni!, and my fiaste word is that God may make yoi better, and that when your time comos you «rill die with ? a smile on your lips as I can, 1 wish you t merry Christmas end a happy New Tear. I feel thal I am going to. have min« with Uio Saviour in joy Farewell! farewell J" Tho cap wa» then drawn ovei hit face, and he was plooed beneath the beam. Hr. then asid "All right, goodbye, father," addressing a man named Davis in tho crowd, whom .ho was accus' tomod to call by tho name of father; and turning hie head aside, «aid, "I want to B»y good-bye to Mr, Hartley." He thon ebook hands with Mr. Hartley and Mr. Jenkyn. Tho Rev. Mr. Carson then prayed " Into thy morcif ul bands, O Lord I wa oommecd the soul of thy eorvnnt now about to bo severed from thc body. Roooivo him, we humbly beeeocb thee, O God.' into tho arms of thy moroy. Lot not his faith waver nor bis hope fail. _ Let" bim die In peace--rest in hepe-and. riso,, in glory," Then taking Archibald by tho hand, ho .aid:-''.Dear Brother,-God, the Father, who hath created1' thoo ¡ God, tho' Son, who hath' redeemed thee; God, thc Holy Ghost, who hath infused His grace into thee-be now and ever more thy defence-aseiat theo in this thy lent trial, and bring thee to everlasting life I Amen I His left hand was tightly clenched. After the prayer, he shook hands with Mr. Carson, and stood silent a moment. Jn;a voice full of, emotion, ho then'said, '< Tho Lord havo mercy on me;" and, addressing tho I crowd, ho said, " Let me hear you cay one word for mo -lot me hoar you Bay " the Lord have moroy on my poor eoul." From out the crowd there came one unanimous and solemn response, and'as the words, " The Lord have motoy on your poul," fell on hts ear, ko naid, in a hopoful voice " Thanks be to the Great God-now I die happy." He thon began another 1 ' prayer-" Oh I lot your hearts bo in heaven, Oh ! merciful God I Thou who art willing to reoeivo ---," At, this moment ' the bolt waa down, and the eoul of Alexander Archi- bald waa launched info etornity. He appearod to i suffer no pain, death being almost instantaneous Thoro was no contrition of the lower Umba, and the body after swaying about from left to right for a few eetonde, roetes with the faoe to the.wall, Archibald's guilty lifo was over, and the last of Halligon'e murderers had gone to his amount. Tho body after hanging for half an hour was then out down; the face, on being unoorered, appearing calm and peucefnl-ono of the oyea wis closed, tho other partially opened. The tongue protruded slightly from tbe month. The body was tbon pltced in the ooffln, and a post mortem examination waa held by Dr. Salmond, assisted by Dre. Thon and M'Neely. The sudden drawing of the bolt eeomed to bato Burptised Axohibald, and when he felt tko drop going down ho drew himself up with a startled movement, The irona were first placed upon the prisoner nine weeks ago yesterday. After boing sontenptd, fears wero entertained for oovoral days that he contemplated starving h ¡miel f to death. But it subsequently'appoared that th rio fearB wero gronndlcss. Archibald told Mr. Hartley that he bad no euch intention, but that the eentenoe produoed so', deep and depressing an effect on! him as to deprive him of all appotite. .Seven weeks ago Arohibald was unable to read. Ho had learnt the. beneficial effeots of tba roligioua ministrations ' offered by the gentlemen attending Palmer and Williams;'and he was indtiotd to lieten more willingly to their exhortations. Since then he tried hard to learn to read, and waa enabled at tho lost to read s ob apter in tho Bible. During tho first weoks of hil .confinement he appoared to shrink with horror from Ute sight ef the gallows during his honra of exorcise in the prison yard. Ho afterwards became reconciled to the sight,.,and wiitin the last few days seemed io long for the last hour to como. Of late nie' witt haéV visited him every dety, aud prayed with him '. He seemed acxioue that ? sb« should join her prayers with bia. It is u««dlesi to remark that : abe . mot. hia desiro. in thia reapoot... Mr. Carson attended him during Tuoa day forenoon.' and Uti wife visited bim early in the afternoon! She lefi him about half-past 4 o'olook for tho last time on eattb. The parting between them was very affecting.Shortly after, Mr. Jenkyn and | Mr. Hartloy were in attendant». 1'hey left* about half-past 6 o'olocb, and Mr. Carson remained with him for ' about another hour. Mr. Hartley and Mr. Jenkyn returned nboat 10 o'olook and remained in the condemned cell nntilabottt 1 o'clock in th« morning. Archibald txproieed i desire to remain up ali night, but;was persuaded to take some rest. He elept until about half- past 4 o'olook, and Mes-ra Hartley and Jenkyn wore again with him at 6 o'olook, from whioh time until aban t a quarter-past 7 they read and prayed with him, and eong the well hnown hymn-" There is a land of pure delight," when the Bev. Mr. Caroon arrived,, and was engaged with him until the irona were knocked 1 off Daring this operation, Arohibald appeared quite resigned to his fate. He expressed himself ss very grateful, to all the gaol ofnolals, ospeaially to Mr. Donnelly ; for . tho kindness shown him during his confinement The body was removed for interment to the, cemetery jeBtorday forenoon,;* v Tho funeral was numerously attendod, thu ministers1 who had attended him in hia last momenta officiating on tho occasion. Alexander Arohibald! was a native of Forforehire in Scotland, from whence ho came in 1851 to New Zealand when he was ten years of age; moved after a time to Castlemaine, then to GiopB Land, then to Melbourne and Beechworth, and next to Thule s-a tionon the Murray, in Kew South Wales; then to ..Bendigo, where he got married in 1882; moved lo Dunedin, in New Zealand, in 1803. and came to Book hampton in March, 1881, We nnderetand that Arohibald told a person hare,.falsely as it acema, teat he was in South Australia beforo he came to Rock- hampton, and that he came up hero beoau-e whilst a youngster he had committed an assault on a policeman on a'raoecourao in South 'Australia, and fl¡>d to »void the consequences. Since he arrived here he baa been j engaged in horse dealing, and at every race meeting here he was a prominontinnd noisy ÍUure, About tho end bf last year be took the Lion Greek Hotel, and it waathero that tho plan waa matured which resulted in ; Mulligan's murd or-and his own death on the gal- lows. Tho Rockhampton Bulletin ot tho following day has the following :~ ' Mr. Jenkyn otates that on two occasions Archibald told him ho did intend to starve himself. _ Mr Hartley admits tho corrodion. After being irone'd b» resolved to starvo himself, and abstained from food for some tbrco days,' /Tho doctor ,waa infoimod of this, and from the conversation which followed between him and the gaol authorities, in Archibald's hoaring, he ten olndod that foros would bo it'od. to moko him! take focdi He, ia consequence, abandoned ,tb« determina- tion, and bo ate his meals regularly until the day of hie elocution. Ho told Mr, Jonkyn twioe that ho would do anything_ then to put j an end to himself, but subsequently that if ho had sutton razors ho would do himself no harm, ..' . '., ... ' ' Tho Kev. .Mr. Hartley has received tho following communication from Dunedin, in r'.foronce to tbe loto John Williams, who suflerod with l'»rmer for his abaré in the murder:-In oonvimttionswithWilliams, Mr. Hartley had ofton tried to obtain somo due to his antecedents, /with a view of -touching en any point that might aid hun In , producing , a . good offfofj an Williams's mind. : On ono ocoaeion, when ho so Btrongly assorted hia innocence, 'and el col ired that thorej never had been a oomtoh of a von against bis nanto that could bring him into a police court, Mr, Hartley aeked him if ho could.rivo him tho names of any persona who had known hint, and could testify to hie gftod cbaraoter. Tb n he furnished thu nemo of Mr. ,Mairj and the following communication is in reply to a lotter addressed to bim by Mr.Hartley:! "Dunedin, November 22nd, 1800. Tho Bev. Robort Hartley, Rockhampton, ;.Queensland, t ¡Rev. Sir, . Your nota of tho.Sjrth ultimo ha* taken meoompKtely by earprine that my, friend Jack .Williams should ba Ijing under sentoDce of death is to me vory sad news indeed, the! morejespoolaUyias I do not believe him to bo capable ot doing such, an notion. . You will seo by the accom- panying, tcatiinoulal in .what-, respeol he tras, hi ld by ?Mil j I could .have got' throe . > other signatures ttOniit,i. but^tbeyiiiaro'-.alll Biattoltd to'indifferent .plaoeir. xTrnatiDg-.'tháti thia may' bo roi eua» "to. .o. -.J- j .!.'.<. " . . .',;."; ?K I.-. Vi ' ,f/;> S !!;?(;) uri* ,t vJ>-? f> ^rw - .,.!! , 1.» it^'s-M.n . servant, JAMES Mora P.ö-Would, you kindly oom, muni »'« to me hiVfaW/BSd if the'extreme penalty of 'tba law has been carried out, what'etate of 'mind ho Was, In.,, . J.M.-'Hanedin, .Otago, New Zsalandi November 28rd. 1800. , We, Ibo, undersigned, hsv» muoh pleasure In'testifying to'the excellent eharaoter bbrne by John William«, Wo knew bim asfc miner ni Gabriel's Gully, in 1881 ; ho wrought as a wagra man for* Air; James Morrison there, and a kinder hearted, good disposed men it was rarely our fortn-e tb meet. He was ¿toady, obliging, and civil, We aie very sorry to hoar of his unfortunate position, and trust that this certificate may be the means of st least saving hi« life. JAMES Mum, JAMES MOBRISOK, JOHN LESLIE, AKDHEW LIHOPAT.-I may farther state that I knew him up till 1805, when I lost sight of him in tho Hokitika rueh. JAMBS Mom." « Signed end declared btfore me this twonty-third day ot November, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine. DOHALD REID, J.P., one of hor Msjeety's Justices of the Posee for tho colony of Now Zealand." 