PHILli A-UiJONIO SOCIETY. Tito opening concert of ih- Adela'ule Philharmonic Society took place on Thursday evening in the Town Hall, under the immediate patronage of His Excellency Sir James Fergusson. °The weather was by no means propitious, yet the e was a very large attendance; every availablesqume foot of the Hall was occupied, and it was found necessary to admit a good many late-comere to the gallery. Mr. E. Spiller acted as conductor, and Mr. B. B. White, B.AiI., as leader. Mr. Shakespeare presided at the grand piano. Amongst the other intrumentalists were Messrs. Chapman, Edwards, Kay, Sumsion, Tilly, Wallace, Betteridge. and Proctor. The soloists ware Mesdames Proctor and Walkley, the Misse3 E. Winter, Vaughan, and Nimmo. Messrs F. Searle, G S. Smith, and L. Grayson. The entire strength ot the orchestra exceeded 100 performers. Precisely at eight o'clock, the band and chorus commenced with the National > ; Anthem. The Hon. H. Ayers. President of the Society, then delivered the following inaugural address :— "Ladies and Gentlemen—The Committee of Management of the Adelaide Philharmonic Society has requested me to address a few words to you on the occasion of its members appearing before you this evening to give their first public coucert. The Society has been established for the cultivation and performance of both sacred and secular music. It numbers upwards of one hundred members, and I am assured that its prospects are of the most encouraging nature. The attendance of such an audience as I have now the pleasure of addressing is a substantial proof of the interest which is taken in the institution, and is an earnest of the public support it is likely to receive. There is no novelty in such Societies as this, for they exist in almost every town of importance, and their advantages and usefulness can scarcely be questioned. They furnish au opportunity to vocalists and instrumentalists to meet together in a pleasant manner to cultivate an agreeable accomplishment, and they provide entertainments to those who, if not sufficiently skilled to produce sweet sounds themselves, can, nevertheless, enjoy the harmony of others. It has been said that " Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast* To soften rocks, or bend the knotted oak," and there are very few among us who have not at some time or other experienced the delightful influence which good music imparts in tranquillizine a troubled iniad. It has been a constant source of enjoyment and a solace to mankind throughout all ages from a period far more remote than history reaches, for it has coexisted with the wmds of heaven, the waves of the ocean, and the trees of the foreBt, and its melody has soothed the rudest savage as well as the most civilized of men; while in the present day it is regarded as an indispensable part of education. My observations must necessarily be brief, as I cannot think of engaging your attention while so many ladies and gentlemen are prepared to offer you practical illustrations of a science which I am only theorizing upon; and, in referring to those who are to contribute to our entertainment this evening, I may perhaps be allowed to bespeak your indulgence on their behalf lest any deficiency should occur during the course of the performance. Such forbearance may not be required; but if it should, I believe you will kindly accord it to a first attempt. (Applause.) I take this opportunity of congratulating you on the eBtaLlisliment of the Society. I earnestly appeal to you to use your best endeavours towards promoting its objects, and I ask vou to join me in mshmji it a thoroughly successful career." (Applause.) The programme was then proceeded with, and it soon became apparent that the President's conjecture that the forbearance of the audience would not be required was correct. This was the more creditable, seeing that the Society is as yet in its infancy. It was only a few month ago that it was organized. Some good angel-possibly the ghost of Handel—whispered in the ear of a thoughtful studeut of the great masters, "form a musical Society, and it was done. An advertisement called together about a dozen gentlemen at Lloyd's Coffee-rooms; a Committee was elected; the patronage of His JExcellency secured; the President and Vice- President, Leader, Conductor, Organist, Treasurer. Secretary, and Librarian were appointed, and a code of rules was agreed upon. The co-operation of the Mayor and CSty Council was then secured, a large assortment of music obtained, and the weekly rehearsals were commenced with a determination to achieve success at whatever cost. The performances on Thursday evening were the result. •i. T li e Sociei:y very properly determined to confine itself to th<; cultivation and practice of classical music, beginning with "The Messiah." Those who have heard this and similar oratorios, sis they are now occasionally performed at the Sydenham Crystal Palace, say that the impressions they produce are inefiaceable. The massive double choruses of "Israel in Egypt," the spirit-stirring martial songs and choruses of "Judas Maccabaeus " or the sublime antiphonal responses of "The Messiah," as rolled upon the air by the combined force of thousands of voices and instruments, accompanied by one of the fiaest organs in the world, evince how majestic Handel is when fairly interpreted. Of course we shall have to wait three or four centuries or so before anything approaching to this is heard in South Australia. We wist however, just now to emphasize the fact that the Philharmonic Society has made a noble commencement, wliich may ultimately lead up to the most satisfactory results. And no doubt the performances on Thursday evening awoke in many minds the slumbering reminiscences of many similar musical festivals in turope, conducted it may have been, on a very much larger scale. It will be impossible in this notice to specialize the excellencies or defects of Thursday evening's performances, seeing that the programme contamedno fewer than 33 separate pieces of music, ihe Messiah consists almost exclusively of aire and choruses, with their introductory recitatives The ladies aud gentlemen who sang the so'oa rendered them with precision and accuracy and in several instances with manifest taste and expression. The Society has amongst its members some fine vocalist-, and amateurs are beginning to understand that the correct interpretation of iu'gh class music involves much more than the accurate singiug of the crotchets and quavers contained in their copy. As a correct reader is not, as a matter of course, an elocutionist so neither is a correct singer necessarily a musician. Mechanical music may be ground out of a barrel organ by the yard ready made, but the true artist " feels liis inspiration in his theme " and makes others feel it too. Several of the airs wera rendered on Thursday evening with so much taste and finish as to evoke almost irrepressible apnlauaa. A>itn regard to the choruses, they were unmet: tionably the leading feature of the entertainmeiir Once or twice the voices gave indications of a tendency to break away from the conductor's control or perhaps it would be more correct to sav thei were weak and apparently faltering. Yet tliesa were but slight defects, and of unfrequent S lence. As a general rule, the several parts were taken up with great exactness, even in tV» most complex fugues; and unquestionably tUo unisonal passages were given with an intensity and forcS seldom if ever heard before in South Australia! The performances closcd with the grand "A™ Chorus" at about a quarter past 10 o'clock. LECTURE.—A lecture will be ^delivered this evening iu the Lcfevre- terrace Chapel, by the Rev J. Henderson, on " The Oddities of Genius " BURBA Cnopa.-The fears so long entertained at Kooringa that a severe drought had set in at® confirmed. The absence of any raia, except trifW showers, since June is most remarkable Feed fa consequently exceedingly scarce. The gt^ass in B i" mficantly high, is already tinged with yellow- ami the wheat, although still «reen and not m S withered, is very short If no rain should faU at BMiler. have to cS^JJ; .S?? 1 " " »«o often one oftho wetLt mSf 1 • th fu ftSr* -SiSSiflawfJa x Ef A TALE OF AUSTRALAN Darkened was ail the State of AustralanT £or the great King was sick -proud Khedar m,. Painful and feeble were his steps of l^fe Deep illness marked upon his totterinc^rait- In vain the leeches' aid hadsummon'd His temples bathed by his attendant Quw^ Fakirs and prophets, priests and nobleiaU k Convened to council at the Monarchal T l " ^ ™ c a n tracc thehidJ^sf^T ihe cause of Persia's enrmn, „,. w ho shall the cause of* K'hedar's The monarch's daughter C S ^ iimess name; At this proud noticfan aSbifan,^l de shall dSiS." IstV'ouT Jfc^^ Til (. h TT£r]? J°fter to bo seen. I ween, The MoZr r° ur s o«ows s®l be M 9 £ aKfl . used at 0Iiae this saga advice Let such 859*351 