PRINCE ALFRED IN VICTORIA. His Royal HIgliiieBs returned from Geolong oarly yesterday evening, and attended tho Fancy Dress Ball. To-day he laid tho first Btono of tho Royal Alfred Hospital, an account of which appears below ; and to-night ho will bo present both at tho Tboatro Royal and the Duke of Edinburgh. To-morrow will bo spent by him on board tho Galatea, and ho will pro ceed to sea at an oarly hour on Monday morning. THE FANCY DRESS BALL. The falnre of the Prince Alfred Hospital is assured. Its venerable competitor may in its timo havo dono tho State some servieo ; it may havo alloviated the Bufferings of tens of thousands of onr follow creatures ; it may have reBtorcd tens of thousands to rade health who, hnt for it, wonld have boen lost to themsolves and to their families, and would havo dragged oat a wretched existence as panpors and loafers ; it may have aaothed tho lost hoars of thousands — but did it ever give a Fnnoy DresB Ball ? ' Bazaars by tho score wo have seen before. In years past we havo been pretty well accustomed to empty our pockets at the call of a bovy of fair dames, and, in tho old times, when Ploncns was consnl, end beforo wo hod fallen npon aunga of virtuous Attomoy- Genorals, who, not having my small vies themselves, will not allow ns to indalgo in cakes and ale, we nsedto onjoy boing swindled by lotteries, paying through the noBO for factitious letters and fictitious telegrams, and all the other maohiticry by which the pious frauds of oharity bazaars uro supported. But to danco in ordor to do good, and to danco not in tho plain black drees coat of overy day life, bnt in the 411VUSIV1U, kSgllb t»USA CLIO ViU JOlUUt bUgU, J3 U novelty for which we ore indebted to tho com mittee of tho Prince Alfred Bazar-, and well mast their enterprise have paid ihem, although they certainly gave full value for the money ; the supper was excellent, and well served, so that " distribution did undo excess, and each man had enough." JJTho winos woro of the premior cm, and tho Booderer, tho Moet, and the charming Widow Cliijuot, " the glorious wine of southorn France" wero bien frappe. Ohapmau'B band discoursed most excellent mnsic, and their exertions wore most ably seconded| by that of tbe 14th Regiment. Indeed nothing could be better than the arrangements of the caterers, Messrs Miller and Suythers, or than tho quality of the good things provided" by them. Considering the very short notice which bad been given to the decorator, Mr Riley, ho had worked wonders, and the organ loft, which nsed to bo nn eyesore, was convened by tho aid of a few banners iuto a positive ornament. Tho ar rangements wore the same as on previous occasions. Tho guests entered by tho Latroba Btreet door. Tho prinoipal room was do vol:! to danciug, the ro'tnnda to refreshments ; snpper was served iu tho annex ; the pictnre and acnlptnro' galleries, tho ethnological museum and tho garden heiug appropriated for promenading. The visitors commenced to arrive at a quarter before 9, aud entered tho principal entrance after having run the gauntlet of a groat deal of ohoff from a vory numerous crowd which had assembled to quiz the masqneraders. Thero was no formal recep tion, and tho first quadrille commenced at half-past nine. From that timo until four a.m. on the following morning dancing was car ried on with scarcely any intermission, and, of tor the orthodox twenty- four dancos hud been got through, and Sir Roger do Covorley wsb 'supposed to have brought tho ball to a CI030, so exigoant woro a largo number of tho visitors that tho baud had to strike up a galop. In deed bad not the musicians been compelled to givo up tnrougn nicer emanation, thero is every reason to believe that some of (he visitors wonld havo imitated the young lady in the ballet of La Gisello or Les Wilis, wo for get which for tbo moment, and gono on donoing for over. Tho people of Melbonrno, when they go to fp.ucy balls, go to dance. Flirtuig, oating, drinking, and talking are mado subsidiary to tho main huBiuess iu hand. They do not go to sit still, and, as a general rale, they have not.tho s'.ghlest intention of endeavour ing to sustain tho characters they aro supposed to represent. Lust night was no ex ception to tbe general rale. The levelling spirit of the age was fully rccognizod. Count esses and common sailors, dakes and Dolly Vnrdens, walked and wultzod in loving fami liarity. Religious animosities woro thrown on one side — mouliH cast soft looks at Maho metans, and Pagans, Christians und Abyssiniane Turks and Jows, were to ho found in tho same quadrille, while French vivnndieres adminis tered consolation to Austrian officers, Arab chiefs, mid Mexican guerillas. There were however, a few exceptions. Some very diffi cult parts wero welt played. A gentleman of preternatural tidiness, thinness, and light headedness hud got himself up as a lamp-post. Hie head was chastely enveloped in a common street lamp, while a amall ladder was fastened to his back, sothatnnypcrsonofanaspiringtnrn might climb np to the bad: of his nock. An- other gontleniuu of ghastly, not to say charnel- house, description, hud got himself up as a , ghost, aud ho certainly looked horrible enough to satisfy the most morbid imagination. Ho must, however, have been a man whose appearance terribly belied him, or elso nn exceptionally good parti, for lie noeraed to know ull the Yirntf tntaf. rrlvlu in t.. . r tuu tuutu) auu iu uu u groac favourite with the match-makiug mammas. Another gentleman, dressed in tho costamo of tho lust century, created u profound sensation Ho occupied himself during tho cntiro evening in delivering what wero at lirat feurcd to be writs, and a painful e flout was produced by a report being circulated by some wag that an enterprising Melbourne tradesman had taken this opportunity of making a raid by serving writs upon all iiis debtors. Indeed one pereou wont bo far as to say that they wero not merely writs but that thoy wero fraud sum monses. On going to the active individual himself, wo found Limb his harmleus eccentricity consisted in delivering pros pectuses of a conipauy for resuscitating the South Sea babble, and that tho fan consisted in employing as provisional directors the names of well-known Melbonrno lamo-dacks and absconders A very old colonist, Mr Alex. Hanter, essayed tho part of a Fishwife, and certaiuly showed hiatrionio talents which must for years have "-been wasted in oaring scab and breeding horses. Efis Scotch wonld make tho fortnno of a dozen actors, and bis archness and humour were iireBiatible. Paul Pry and Pauch wero thero, and wore as effective na these characters gonerally ore ; and there were some half-dozen negro serenades whose antics wero a nnisfliico to everyone they came in con tact with. Tho oflicora of tho 1-lth and of tho Cralatea wero, as a general rulo, in uni form ; bnt several of tho Princo's suit woro ibe dress of common Bcnmen. Tho resources of tho Theatre Royal bad been called very largely into requisition, And wo noticed many costumes which wo have been neenstomed to seo at a greater distance. Ono yonng hdy, as Paris, wft8bh\o&t; prettily got-up ; and tho well- known habilimonts in which Mr Hnrwood, ns Robinson Crnsoo, nsed to walk "in tho Zoo," wero introduced last night. Among tho most effective dresses in tho room was that of MrB Butters, who illustrated tho character of Photography. Her dress mid bertha wero of white moire antique silk, trimmod with blno satiu and silver, and orna mented with photographs of persons 11 remark- ablo either for their position, their services, or their virtues." Captain Humphreys, as tho Dnko of Buckingham, was splendidly and cor rectly attired ; and thero was a Mary Queen of Scots, which made us cocao to wonder at tho frenzy of Cbastelar, and the devotion of young Donglas. The fair sex shone out brilliantly, aud completely dazzled us with their charms. Pretty foot and ankles, and delicate silk stockings were dis played with oharming nonchalance , and inatnns looked on apparently! approving The com mittee bad acted with great discretion in ex cluding all persons against whoBe character tho breath of suspicion could be raised, and thero was no more than one instanco in which 14 Thais eat at Alexander's feast." Children were there in abundance, und vory oberming and fairy-liko tboy looked, although at the conclusion of the baH their pretty little faces assumed a jaded and worn out appearance. Tho kindness of tho stewards in admitting black coats had been taken advantago of to a considerable extent, bnt the funeral-like dress relieved the eye from the brilliant glpro of colonr, and by contrast looked well, while tho wearers patronisingly sug gested to tbo unfortunates who were staggering under a load of far coats or chain-armour, that they felt delightfully cool and comfortable, 44 aud besides, my dear boy, my dress coat coat nothing." Amongst the guests were nearly all the lenders of Victorian society, although neither the Governor nor auy of the ladies of his family wore present. Mr Maoners Sutton , Mr C. £. Bright, and Lieut. Rotbwell at rived at nu early period of tho ovo- niog, and several of the ministers and members of both Houses of Parliament, tho Mayor and Mayoress, wero there. Wo aro enabled to state that tho Prince was in tho ballroom for several hours, and although in a veiy close disgaise, enjoyed himself exceedingly. We ciunot closo oar brief account of this highly succesifal ball without paying our tri bute of admiration to Dr. Blair, Mr Butters, and tho other members of tho Executive Com mittee for their exertions, from which a hand some snm muet bo realised bv the committee of the Prince Alfred Hospital. LAYING THE FIRST STONE OF THE PRINCE ALFRED HOS PITAL. The first stono of tlio Prince Alfred Hospi- tol was laid yesterday by His Royal Highness tbe Dnko of Ediobnrgh. ' Thp land granted to tbe hospital by. tbo Grown with tbe consent of the Corporation of Prahrnn, consisting of fifteen acres of land, issilnatcd between tbo St. Kilda raid, tho Pant' road, and tbo Commercial road, Prabran, and tho buildings which it is propose! to oreetwill faco tho south side of tbo latter, Tboy willbe in the Elizabethan style, brick being tbe material principally employed in their eonstrnction, end are estimated to cost about £30,000. There wi'l bo tbo ad ministrative bloelc in tho centre, with fonr separate pavilions, with detached kitchens end offices in the room. Tho first contract will, however, consist only of tho administrative bloek, in which are situate! tho dispensary, tho oat-patients' rooms, and tho qn.nters for offices end servants, tlio detached kitehens and offices, and ono pavilion, which will accommo date sixty patients. As it is sot intended that tbe whole of tho administrative block ehonld at first he devoted to its eventnal purpose, tho accommodation provided by the first contract will be qaite cqnal to tho requirements of 100 in-patients. The stone laid this afternoon will form part of tho adinir'sfrative block. On arriving upon tho ground yesterday wo found a largo number of parsons present in the hospital reserve. Tho portion railed off for those in immodiato attendance npon tho ceremony was devoted to the members of the committee aud a largo number of ladies. Amongst those on the ground we noticed tbe Hon. J. Sot vice, Dr. Bloasila'.o, Mr Rolfo, Mr M'Kenzio, and Drs. Blair und Girdlestone, Mr Bnttera, Mr Ellery, Mr Sherard, Mr T. B. Payne, and tbe Rev. Mr Roes. His Royal Highness tbe Daks of Edinburgh, accompanied by Sir J. H. T. Manners Sntton, tho Hon. Eliot Yorko, and Lieutenant Rothwoll, arrived npon tho groand in one of his Excel- oxocntive committoo. Mr Buttors at once pro ceeded to business, and in a few well chosen sentences informed his Royal Highness that tho hospital, which was to ho named after him, was intended to commemorate his visit to Australia, and his fortnnato escape, twolvo months ago, from tho ballet of an assassin. .It would, when completed, accommodate a large nnmbcr of persons, who wonld learn to mingle his name with relief from their pain and suffering. Tho secretary, Dr Blair, then handed tho following addresB to the Princo ; — " To His Royal Higbnoas Alfred Ernest Albert, Dnko of Edinburgh, Knight of tho MoBt Nsblo Order of tlio Garter, Knight of tho Most Ancient Order of the Thistle, " May it ploase yonr Royal Highness— We, tho executive committeo of tho new hospital about to ho erceted, take leave to submit to your Royal Highness a brief statement of the ciroamstanceB in which this enterprise origi nated. Owing to tho rapid increase of the po pulation of the city of Melbonrno nnd suburbs, a growing conviction had beon felt for some years of tho necessity of additional hospital accommodation ; and tho welcomed visit of yonr Royal HigliuesB to our colony last year, together with tho providential aud merciful deliverauco which you experienced in a season of imminent danger, naturally suggested tho desirableness of affording an opportunity to tho people of Victoria to give expression to their grateful and loyal sentimonts in somo sub stantial and pormaneut form. A proliminnry meeting was convened on tho 31st March, 1868, to consider tho matter, when tho proposition to orcct a pnblio hospital, to be called Princo Alfred Hospital, met with hearty approval. This appeared to the gontlemen present to bo_ ono of tho most fitting aud appro priate forma by which thoy conld testify their loyal appreciation of your Royal Highnoss's appoarauce among them, ns tho first member of tho royal family who had honoured those distant parts of her Majesty's dominions with a personal visit, iiy this action tkey are per mitted at onco to express their grateful re membrance of your Royal HighneBS — their loyalty to the throno, and their devoted attach ment to your august mother the Queen of Grout Britain, whilo they accomplish &n; object which had beon ardently desired by many of the oitizens of Melbourne and suburbs. It is, moreover, our pieasiug duty to ioform your Royal Highness that the executive com mitteo in thiB undertaking have beon greatly encouraged by warm expressiona of approval, and promises of support from all parts of the colony. In conclusion, pormit ns to express onr gratefal senso of your Royal Highncsa's kindness in consenting to lay the memorial- stone of the hnilding which is intended to per- petnate tho recollection of yonr visit to fntnre generation!. And permit ns farther to say that it will be onr most earnest dosiro and prayer to Almighty God, who controls the winds and the waves, that it may please Him ever to guide and proteot yonr Royal HighnesB in all yonr voyages and travola, by sea and bv lnna -J. S. Bnttera, chairman ; Hon. James s.!' Vico, vice-chairman ; Hon. George Rolfe, J John Maokenzio, treasurers; Br BI hon. secretary : Rav. Dr. Blensdalo. J nil' tayno, Rev. H. England, R. L. J. Ellcrv n,' Girdlestone, Professor H.ilforcl, W. G. Mum, Thomas Bodds Payne, Rev. D. Rcos, G. Vol' leutiuo, Georgo Young, Leslie J. Sherrurd " " Melbourne, Gth March, 1869." Tho stone was then raise!, and the neces sory preliminaries having boen psrformed hi tho linildor under tho control of tho architect Mr Webb, a bowl, containing copies of Tho Herald, Age, ArgnB, Leader, Australasian an! Prahrau Telegraph, and a set of tho cunent coins of tho realm, was placed in tho cavity tho stono was lowered, and tho Princo having previously placed some mortar upon it ' pronounced it well and truly laid, Thre cheers were given for tho Dnko, after which he, accompanied by tho Governor ondhissuite viBitod the refreshment tout, and was shemi the plan of the hnilding, in which he took great interest. No refreshments wore din cussed, aud tho distingnished parly drove away, the whole eoromouy not haviug occupied moro than ten minutes. Tho trowel was of silver, with a gold handle, and was presented to tho committeo by Mr Edwards, tho jeweller of Collina-street east. The inscription on the hlado was ns follows : — " Presented to Hi, Royal Highness tho Dnko of Edinburgh on his laying the first stone of tho Prince Ai'trcS Hospital, Molbonrno, Gth March, I860," 