TOWN AND COUNTRY. Division- or the Glebe Electorate.— The deputa lioB appointed at ibe public meeting held at ttw Glebe on Monday night, to consider tuc propriety of dividing Glebe and Balmain into separate electorates, waited on the Colo nial Secretary on Tuesday. The deputation Messrs. G. W. AJlen (Mayor of the Glebe), G. A. Mansfield, G. R. Dibbs, and James Simpson, explained to Mr. Robertson the desi rability of the propoeed division, and requested that he ? ,.\A nmA«-1 4i»- Viill nnm liufi-ivu PoT-iiamonf- a-\ n-a to mflnt the wishes of the whole body of electors. Mr. Robertson declined to comply with the request of the deputation, as the Constitution Act limited the number of members to 80, and Elated that the bill provided for eight new members in addition to the 72 now forming the House, and inasmuch as the proposed charge would necessitate the passing of a new electoral bill, which he was not prepared to undertake. The deputation then withdrew. TELEGiiArmc Communication- with EuiiorE.— A deputation, eoneistJnK of Messrs. Montefiore, J. Algor, A. Campbell, Masecy, Molineaux, and M. Metcilfd, viited upon the Colonial Seeretarv, nn the 8th instant, ia order to obtain Bonie information with reference to telegraphic communication with Europe. Mr. Montefiore stated that the deputation wished to know what the intentions of the Government were, in order that they might coinmunic ite ?with their European correspondents on the subject. Mr. Robertson eaid he had already entered into negotiations with the Queensland Government, and, as would be seen by the Governor's Speech, the Government intended to submit a proposition with reference to this matter. Since then he bad had interviews with Mr. Doug-las, the Postmaster Gtneral of Queensland, who had visited this cslony, and the affair was sow assuming a tangible shape. He must, however, decline going into details until he had submitted the project to Parliament. Mr. Montefiore said ho thought the Government ought to enter upon the Torres' Straits Mail Service, in con] unction with Queensland, and without waiting for the other colonies to join is. The otter colonies would come in afterwards. Mr. Robertson rejoined that he could not Bay what the Government project was, but that when the deputation saw it, they would say it was not wanting in boldness. The deputation thanked the hon. gentleman for his courtesy, and withdrew. Georgb-etreet Enclosube.— The bill to authorise the resumption and enclosure of a portion of George- street, in the city of Sydney, introduced by Mr. Forster on 12th October, 1869, proposes to empower the Surveyor-General to enclose part of George- street, and to extinguish the right of way thereover. The land with which it is pro posed thus to deal is described in the following schedule:— One acre two roods twelve perches county of Cumberland parish ef Alexandria on the Botany Road commencing at the south corner of the Benevolent Asylum's two roods twenty-one perches and bounded thence on the north-east by the south- west, boundary-line of that land bearing north twenty-eight degrees forty-five minutes west to the Botany Road on the west by the east building-line of the Botany Road southerly to its intersection with the northerly prolongation of the east boundary of tho appropriation for Wesleyan Church purposes by that prolongation that east boundary, and its southerly continuation being, a Hue bearing south eleven degrees fifteen minutes west to the Botany Road by the east building-line of the Botany Road bearing eontb two degrees twenty-seven minutes east and thence south-easterly to the appropriation for St. Paul's parsonage and school and on the east by the west boundary of that appropriation and its north-easterly con tinuation being a line bearing north eleven degrees fifteen minutes east to the point of commencement. The Kanken Bridge over the Macquarie.— Oa ?WtdneEday, Mr. J. B. Suitor, M.L.A., an* Mr. W. Cunmsings, M.L.A., waited upon the Honorable the Minister for Works (Mr. John Sutherland) with the follow ing petition, praying for the re-erection of this bridge:— ' Tfi&t; your petitioners are to a great extent dependent on direct communication with the town of Bathurst. Your petitioners, who have paid in the aggregate considerable terns of mener to the Government for the lands which they occupy (the said lands extending from Bathurst to Tambi ronra), would therefore humbly beg that the river Mac qnarie be rendered passable at Eglinton by the erection of a bridge in lien of the one known as ' Ranfcen's Bridge,' carried awcy by the flood of 1867. Your petitioners would submit that the present crossing-place at Eglinton is gene rally dangerous and often impassable, thus compelling your petitioners in the worst of weather to travel eight miles out of their course (including the return journey) over the road from Bathurst to Tambaroora, via KoIbb. Your petitioners would further shew that it would coat more to make this road equal in point of solidity to the eld one by fianken's Bridge than it would to re-erect the bridge ; also that the desired road would be the link so much needed in completing rod re- establishing the direct road to Louisa Creek, Long Creek, Lower Turon, Tambaroora, and intervening places. F unbermore, many of your petitioners being free selectors who took op land during the existence of direct communica tion with Bathurst, by Banhen's Bridge, have their means of subsistence in bad seasons (carting firewood and timber into Dathurst) almost entirely cut off. Your petitioners might expatiate on the advantages to bo derived from the erection of the proposed bridge, but humbly trust that the fact of several persons having been drowned in attempting to cross, and carriers and others still preferring in times of danger to risk their lives and property in crossing the river at Eglinton, rather than travel so far out of their way by the Eelso Road, will be an inducement sufficiently power ful to command your fair, impartial, and, your petitioners would add, humane consideration of this, their humble petition.' The petition was signed by about three hon ored and thirty persons. Mr. Sutherland received the peti tion end promised to lay it before his colleagues as the deputation -wished. Cbimikal Recosde.— The Colonial Secretary hai ordered all the records with reference to the names, history, and crimes of persons who in past years were sent out to fliifl colony as convicts, to be forwarded to his office, and it is probable that he will ask Parliament to sanction the destruction of the greater portion of these eld indents. Transportation to New South WaleB ceased some twenty three years ego, and for several years prior to its cessation the number of persons transported was very small, those who came being all sent out for minor offences. It is thought that no object can be served by the preservation of records which contain facts which might be used by male volent persons to the annoyance of many reputable and respected families in the colony ; and as in many of foe police-offices throughout the country these indents exist, in some cases complete, and in others incomplete, the Colonial Secretary has thought proper to call them -all in. Those which are of any value and are likely to be required for any purpose will be carefully preserved, and the remainder will m all probability be dealt with in the manner already indicated, Australian Patriotic Association. — The usual weekly meeting of the Australian Patriotic Association was held, on Monday, at the New Temperance Hall, Bathurst and Pitt streets, Mr. R. B. Smith, the president of the society, being in the chair. The principal business of the evening was the resumption of the debate upon the aboli tion of capital punishment. Before the debate there was a committee meeting of the association. It is understood that a cricket club in connection with this association is about to be formed, Ths late Railway CottieioS.— On Saturday morn ing the Minister for Works (the Hon. John Sutherland) held an inquiry at the Redfern Railway Terminus into the cause of the collision which took place at the Farramatta Station, on the 2nd instant. It will be remembered that so person was injured by the collision, nor did any damage whatever result ; but having regard to the grave conse quences of any neglect in railway management, . it was aeemod in the highest degree important that a searching examination should be made. Mr. Sutherland investi gated all the circumstances, and examined all the railway employes who could be considered to be in anyway respon sible, or who were in a position to give information on the subject. The Engineer-in- Chief for Railways (Mr. John whitton) was present, by request of the Minister, . and produced plans cf the station arrangements at Parra . matta. Fiee.— About 12 o'clock on last Sunday night, flames were observed to be. proceeding from the roof of a stable cloBeto the dwelling-house of Mr. George A. Murray, ? partner in the firm of P. N. Russell and Co., and situated r et Enfield. .On the alarm being given, means were at once taken to extinguish the flames, which wera got under soon i after the discovery, but not before the whole of the roof ? had been destroyed. A quantity of hay stored in the burn I ing building was also lost The whole «f the damage is I estimated to be about £60. The stable was insured in the I, Northern Insurance Office. [j Exhibition op Dissolvikg Views*— A series of dia ls solving views was shown on Wednesday, by the oxycalcium |j 'pht, in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, in aid of the I: funds of which building the exhibition was eiven. There I was a very good audience, end the views conmrised inetruc | tive and amusing selections, tho comic ' tale of h tub ' |: causing a good deal of merriment among the juveniles. ( Susny Hills Wesleyan Sunday School.— The ? annual steam excursion and picnic gives to the soholars ? of tho Surry Hills Wesleyan Sunday school took plaoo on Tuesday, Tho scholars and their teachers pro ; ceedod in the Breadalbane to Balmoral, and a ; second trip of lie steamer conveyed a consi ; derable number of visitors-parents of the children and ?- £!ner members of the Surry HillB church and congregation. . ine committee made liberal provision of the creature com xorte i usual on such oocasions, and of the means of ammo ? m? tS.Bnd balls- footballs, croquet, swings, &o.; ; and . aimougn the snorts were somewhat interfered with by the | showers which fell in the course of the afternoon, the I ?v!3e8^rs Bp,(mt' on thB whole, a very happy day. The I ?St. Eahnahab' Schools Excursion. — Tha annuil excursion of St. Barnabas' schools took place, on Wednesday, ut the recreation grounds of Balmoral, Middle Harbour, and ns usual, was a very successful affair, everything passing off in the most patnsfactory manner. Tho steamer iireadaloane wflB engaged to cenvey the children connected with tho schools, Bud embarked them with their teachers at ths Market Wharf, and the fine bteamer Kembla made two trips ii inn lie Circular Quay with the visitors and parents uud friends of the children, carrying, on each occasion a full freight. A very nice programme of sports was improvised for the delectation of the picnicers hj the commuted of management, who, with the teachers, were also most atten tive in looking after the' wants of the little ones. The weather throughout the day was delightfully fine, and the excursionists seemed to enjoy themselves thoroughly with ccicket, bwings, dancing, and rambles through the bush, and \v:ilks on the baanu. The school children were brought back to Sydney by the Breadalbane about 6 o'clock, and landed nt the Market Wharf, but the vifitora did not reach tho Circular Q'aoy umil nearly 9.1 It appears that the nlrocg southerly breeze which Hew throughout yesterday uiiiu Iho water in Middle Harbour fo Jumpy that the Kembla wns unable to Jay alongside ihe Ualmuml Pier to re- embark her pus^BRivt1, mid had to steam round to Pearl Bay— a beautiful i:-.let just round the Spit,— and to which place the excursinnieM had to walk. This little contretemps however did not trouble them very much for, Mark Tajjlcy like, every onn appeared bent upon being jolly under tie circumstances. Pearl Bay i« nicely sheltered lromneaily cvey wind that blows, possesses good wharf accommodation, and the ground, which is well adapted for picnico, being under the tamo management as Bulmural, excursion committees would do well when tho weather is unfavourable to landing at the latter place, to at once pro ceed to Pearl Boy. No udditional expense would thus be incurred, and excursionists would bo 'saved unnecessary delay, particularly where children are concerned. Reduction op Police Pensions. — There are savcral old police pensioners in lass (says tho Southern Argus), each of whom has received from the Inspector-General of Police the following circular :—' Ths Inspector- Goneral of Police thinks it neoeeBory to draw the attention of police pensioners generallv to the fact that tho revenue of the police superannuation fund has been found inadequate to meet the heavy demands upon it for the liberal pensions now payable. Upon this being made known to all members of the force, they voluntarily, and without exception, con sented to make an additional contribution of 1 per cent of their pay, in order that the fund might be freed from em barrassment which might interfere with the payment of the pensions already granted. This having been carried into effect during the past year, and tho arrangement being one in which the present pensioners are more ?closely interested even than the police, the Inspector-General thinks it only reasonable that they should contribute their quota towards placing the fund in a more satisfactory position, and sug gests accordingly that they be asked to notify their consent to a deduction from their pensions at the rate of 2 per cent, per annum. The Inspector- General will, therefore, be glad to receive the. subjoined consent, duly signed, at an early date.' Fiction and Fbeb Librakies. — In alluding to the opening of the Free Library, and the expression of a hope that it will not sink into a Sensational Nevel Library, the Lachlan Reporter goes on to say :— ' Wo speak thus from our knowledge of the mode of supplying the libraries of institutions of a similar character that figure on the yearly estimates for £100 a jear, more or less each, that the major part of these sums arc actually employed in purchasing works of fiction, which in nearly every case form the staple of these libraries. There is eometbing remarkable in SUte aid being asked for euch a purpose, and what is more astounding still, is the fact that it is usually granted as a matter of course as being one of the good things which a paternal government is bound to supply the people.' The Wagga Wagga Circuit CounT. — At the opening of this Court on Monday last, the Chief Justice (as reported in the Advertiser) said he wished to make some remarks. He had been reported in the local Press to have expressed opinions from the Bench during his late visit, which he hud not only never expressed, but never held, and which had been quoted to his disadvantage in the Legisla ture. He did not wish to make any complaint. Reporters, no doubt, bad great difficulties to contend against They had to write rapidly, and mistakes 'Wire excusable. But he de sired to set himself right with the public, and would, there fore, take this opportunity of contradicting these incorrect reports in the place where they had been made. He had been represented as having said that the existing penalty for bushranging was too heavy— that lighter punishment should be substituted— and in particular that the punish ment of flogging was a barbarous and dreadful practice. He hod, of coarse, never said anything of the kind. While everyone must deplore the necessity of severe paniskaients, it woe undeniable that Ihey were necessary. Flopping had been found effectual in putting a stop to the crime of garotte robberies at borne, and in the same way the severe clauses of the Outlawry Act had checked, to a moat benoli ficial extent, the crime of busbranging here, there wis another matter, also, to which he might as well allude- It had been put forth as a ruling of his that constables escort ing prisoners from one part of the country to another had no right to handcuff them. Tliie, of course, was simply abBurd. Constables were bound to take all necessary pre cautions for the safe custody of their charge, and Jiandcnfiine was one of these precautions. He honed this would be distinctly understood. The busi ness was then proceeded with, being principally ui6es of sheep and cattle stealing. On the aVjvc subject the JExpress saye— 'As the Express was the only news paper published in Wagga Wagga at tho time referred to, this very serious charge as to the inaccuracies of the report of the proceedings of the court, was very naturally con sidered to refer only to this journal. A reference to our files, however, showed that the particular p:.'nts which Iiis Honor has spoken of as, having been miaopartcd had utver been even touched upon in this journal ut all, und, (his fact being peicted out to his Honor, he from his seat in the court on the following d«y publicly acknowledged that the miereporring he had complained of had not occurred in this, although it evidently had in some other journal.' Another Ghost. — We regret to state (says tie Gunia gai Times), that tho bunyip which ueea to live in a pool in the Murrumbidgee, near Gandagai, seems to have quitted Iiis old quarters ; but we learn that a glio-t has come to dnell emoigft ue. possibly as compensation for the above loss. We cannot as yet indicate the spectre's residence, if it has one; but the culvert familiarly termed Bennett's Folly, on the sideling of Mount Pamas-uf, seems ono of its haunts, as we have been informed thai, on Sunduy evening lost a gentleman resident in our locality who was rifling past this spot was therj con fronted by the supernatural visitant. It roso apparently from under the culvert, tail, shadowy, and with a livid Shosphoric light playing about it, such as s bad fiah hung ] a dark place exhibits. As the shape approached the st«rtled steed reared, and the rider's hair stood oa end ; but the apparition Eeeined to pass under the horse, and dis appeared with a faint hollow-sound, like a distant dying groan. We need not say that the horseman made all haste to quit the epot ; but we may add that another party avers that he bos seen this spectre in the Bame place, that it passed him by like a flash of fire, and that he thought his whiskers were singed off by it. So far this is satisfactory ; every place ought to be celebrated for something, and a well authenticated local ghost would add considerably to our township's reputation, Mobe Bobberies on the Baewin. — We stated in our last issue (says the Tamworlh Examiner) that a hawker earned Gordon had been stuck-up on the Mehi by two armed men. A day or two afterwards a man of colour, named Allen, was also robbed, no doubt .by the same men, on the Barwin River, about 14 miles below Collierehdebri. One of the robbers was then riding a bay bob-tailed horse, ?-nd the other a black horse with switch tail. They tank £8 from Allen in cash. The Walgett police be ing informed that the robbers had gone towards Pian and Tulaba Creek, made diligent search in that direction, but without success, and on returning to the Barwin were in formed that Mr. Bagot's station, Gundabluey, had been stuck-up on the 28th of last month. On arriving there in the middle of the following night the polico found that the two men, then ob foot, had availed themselves of Mr. Bagot's absence, and of their being nobody about the place except a female, to break open the store and take tome blankets, clothing, and a few other things, with every effort was made to get a clue to the direction taken by Ihe robbers, but without effect up to the time of our latest iniformation, Sticking up of the Walcha Mail.—The Armidale Telegraph states, some excitement was caused in town on Monday by a report that the Walcha mailman had been stopped on the road by a bushranger and robbed of his mail- bags. The report, unfortunately, is too true, and we gather the following particulars of the robbery from an authentic source. The msil-carrier, a youth lately employed by the contractor, left Walcha as usual at 9 o'clock on Monday morning for Armidale, but had not proceeded more than ten miles on his journey when he was met by a man on horseback, wko ordered him to turn off from the track into the bush. The lad, thus intimidated, obeyed the commands of his interlocutor, and rode wilb. him for some distance off the road. The robber then seized the bags and extracted tbo contents. Several of the letters contained cheques; these he exomined and appropriated, After a brief conver sation with the lad, in which ho told him that it was his fiist attempt at Vmthranging, he rode off, and the mail carrier gathering up the remnants of iha letters pursued his journey into Armidale. Immediately ob his arrival here, he reported the circumstance to tho police, and five minutes afterwards inspector Brown, accompanied by some of tho troopers, was on the road in pursuit. They had not re turned up to a late hour last night. Tho mail-carrier thus describes the bushranger :— About 30 years of age, dark complexion, black heir and whifkers, five feet seven or eight inches in height, and dreEsed in on old monkey-jacket and dirty moleskin trouBers ; he was riding a wellcondi tioned chesnut mare with a blanket swag1 strapped on the saddle, and leading a tecond horse. He presented no fire arms, nor did the boy see any with him. Riveh Navigation.— The Albury Banner observes : — The steamboats have had a lively time of it during the last week, since the river l»egan to rise. Tho Waradgcry arrived on Sunday, 3rd instant, and left again on the fol lowing day. The Corowa arrived on Tuesday, bringing 60 tons of cargo. She left on her downward passage on Thurs day morning, about C o'clock, taking a cargo of bran, pol lard, and wine. TheCorewa stopped at Howlang, and tbero completed her full cargo by taking in a considerable quantity of flour. The river has risen rapidly during the last w°ek— it was at 5 feet 8 inches last Saturday, 10 feet S inches : on Tuesday, 12 feet on Thursday, on Friday it was 12 feet 2 inches. Tho Wodonga flats ara, of course, flooded, Bain Juts fallen off and on for the kst week. Heavy Showeu or Hailstones at Yars. — On Sunday evening, about 6 o'clock (the Sotttktrn Argus reports) after the clouds had.waged war with each other, und put on their stormiest appearance, they opened fire upon ihe windows of the houses in Yaas with a perfect hhowcr of grape Bhot. tor about five minutes hailstones 88 big as large marbles — and, indeed, there were a few larger than pullets' eggs— descended, doing consilw-able dauinge to fruit trees, killicp young birds, und bipukiug window poses. There is scarcely a house in the limn tlint had glasB exposed to the stonn that did not get some of it broken. In tho hospital thcro were fourteen panes broken. In St. AugnMine's Chnrch five panes of glass were broken, und in St. Clement's twenty-five panes. Nearly all tho hotels and other houses facing the storm had more or loss damngc dono to them. The flower gardens have all received considerable damage. The injury that has been done in such a short time by -hiB shower of hailstones was pro bably never witnessed in the district before. It did not lest above five minutes ; yet during that brief time young fruit was destroyed, windows smashed, flower plants Jmoeked down, bfrds killed, and we fear that in many places the wheat has been much injured. Maintenance op Illegitimate Childeen.— Somo time ngu an order was made by the Bench of Magistrates et Ijublio, that oho William young, a mail driver, should pay for twelve months, a sum of 5s. per week, for the support of his illegitimate (male) child, to Ann M'Guira, a domestic servant, the mother of that child. This order was made under tbe provisions of tho Deserted Wives nnd Children's Act, and Young was required to find sure tics for his obedience to it. An effort was made on 8lh iustant, to get tbe order set aside by prohibition, and all moneyB returned which bad been paid thereunder,. Tho case was argued in CbaruberB, before his Honor Mr. Justice Har cruve, between Mr. Hurley for the applicant, and Mr. Butler in support of the order. There wore ssveral points raised, but the principal and only material one wop, whether it was competent to the Justices to muke such an order without proof that Young had actually 'abandoned' the child; that is to siy that he had been applied to for the support of the child and bad absolutely refused sueh support. It was con tended that there ought to have been distinct proof and a distinct adjudication to thn' effect, before the order was made, and that tho magi*, .tcs were not justified, on finding that the paternity had been established, to go on and make an order for maintenance. There was iu this case some evidence upon which an amendment of the record might, in the opinion of the Judge, have been made, if necessary, inasmuch as Young had, it wob sworn, been written to, both before and after the birth of the child, with the evident view of inducing him to make come provision for its maintenance, but without effect. The case, however, was determined by his Honor uptn gennral principles of an intelligible character, which are applicable to most cases of like nature, and are in accordance with common sense. There could not, he ruled, be any need to prove deser tion of an illegitimate child in the true sense of that term, as applied to the abandonment of a wife, or of a child or children born in wedlock, for the mother of an illegitimate child woe legally entitled to the sole custody of her offspring. The very fact of disputing the paternity therefore, and refusing upon that ground to contribute to wards the support of the child until compelled to do so, would be sufficient to justify the making of a magisterial order for such payment when tbe paternity was established. The application was therefore dismissed. But there had been a case reported in the first edition of Wilkinson's Australian Magistrate which appeared to afford grounds for this application ; and, although this case was omitted from the eecond edition of the said work, and his Honor was of opinion that its effect must have been somewhat misstated in tho report. He considered this a sufficient reason for dismissing the application, without costs. Refusing to Asbibt the Police — A man, named Bichard Bourke, was charged before the Wagga Wagga Circuit Court with the above offence, and acquitted. In summing .up his Honor Sir Alfred Stephen (esvs the Advertiser) observed that the case was not' alarmingly serious, but was nevertheless important ae being the first case of the kind before the Court, It was very important to the community at large that the law, in a case of this sort, should be clearly known* and understood. It was the duty of every member of the community to asEist in preventing crime being committed, and breaches of the peace, so tor as lay his pswer. And if a person refused, he was liable to be tried for so doing. If a constable, in the execution of his duty, had a reoson nblc cause for thinking that he would be' overpowered so that he would be unable to effect an arrest, he was author ised to call upon any of her Majesty's subjects to assist, and they were bound to give their aid. But there must be a reasonable necessity for assistance. Even if a bystander thought the constable was wrong in the arrest, still' the by stander wan bound to assist. He must not qnastion tbe legality or illegality of the arreBt. With regard to a point urguuu vy me jearatxi cuuufui lur me uuicuu?, mat u ii reisn was arreeted, no assist mce could be called on to oonvc-y tbe man to the lock-up. He was of opinion that the Ian was that a person must assist in that case, 03 the uio.-t vio lence often took place after the prisoner was hondcufiVJ and was being conveyed to the lock-up. It would be a highly dangerous doctrine to hold as the counsel had argued, In conclusion, his Honor stated that in this case the defendant wae evidently under a mistake. No doubt, he thought the constable ves arresting the wrong man, but that was no excuse for not assisting. His Honor stated that no moral obliquity was attached to tho defendant in consequence of this act. Judging from his^ppeiraiice, h° was a. respectable member of society, and no doubt eatis lied himself there was no necessity for his assist nice, but that was a question for the jury to determine— whether there was a reasonable necessity for the constafcU- to ciil assistance. A Kovel Case op Assavlt.— The following case wr? heard before the. Albury Police Court on the 5th instint : — Frank Devuie was summoned by Benjamin Broughton fir Bsfault, and pleaded not guilty. Mr. Thorold for plain liff. BcBjauiin Broughtdn deposed : On Sunday morning 1 saw defendant coming up the yard of the Imperial Hotel ; he said ' Brougliton ;' took no notice of him, but te caught hold of me and said, ' Are you going to nay me that pound ;' lie then said, ' If you don't pay it, I'll liorscwlip you;' there was no one present at the tiirr ; V.e took me into the bathroom, and held me with my he-id down and ducked me ; the water was not clean ; there hive t ccn several assaults of the suxuc kind within the hit fort Light. . F. Fitzgerald, a groom at the Imperial staples, cYpc'ted : I saw. the complainant and defendant come doirn ihe yard and go into the bathroom; heard defendant say, ' Are you going fo pay me that pound ;' complainaat eiid '?ni,' but that he would do so when he cculd ; heard de fendant say that he would like to duck him ; then saw him bold complainant over the bath, and then let him go. By Mr. Thorold : I was washing a buggy at the tins; first caw them coining through the archway ; swear that de fendant had not his hoed on complainant's collar, pushing him ; told complainant to- day that if I toM what I saw I should lose, my place. By the Bench :* Did not know at first what they were going to do in the bathroom, till I hiard defendant nek for the money. Fined £3, including costs, 