&Q55t; antj jFounV. A TALE OF THE PENINSULAR WAIL Focxded on Facts. By the Author of "Life's Work ix Austeaxia. ITfae exclusive right of publishing *' Lost and Found** in South JkvstnUa lias been purchased by tlic proprietors of the Adelaide 0£serr«/-.J Chapter I. " How now, my lads! Why this sudden hilt? Every moment is of importance," ex\x=req-\ clauned a manly voice, as four capital liorses suddenly stopped short in their rapid career. "The traces have snapped in two, my lEtord," answered the nearest postilion, "and ~itrs as much as our lives are ■worth to go up . atd. down' the hills we are coming to unless -^Ske fc&mess; is safe. Master spares liis pocket as to leather work; for I told him two months ago there was no safety in the fi&riieEs;, aud now it is broke. It is as rotten as tinder, and no mending of it. I am sorry to detain you, my Lord; but I must take one «a£ fche horses and ride back to the nearest town and get a new pair of traces." " Well, it is a bad business, anyhow," said she gentleman, who was first speaker. " My despatches brook no delay, and an horn' may fee of the greatest moment at tliis crisis. Tfccy are almost expecting me ill Downing\x=req-\ sfcreefc by this time," said he, pulling out his watch. "However, it is of no use grumbling; but, in the Queen's name, ride hard, my lad, and I will reward you." " Ail right, my Lord," said the postboy, and, touching his hat, he was off like an arrow from a well-drawn bow. It was towards the close of the famous Peninsular War that Lord. Harley was thus slidayed on his important mission. Though hc£ yet in the prime of life, he was a well\x=req-\ tried. and gallant officer, and was often selected for various important services owing £o his well-known good judgment, fidelity, -and promptness. Government despatches of an. extremely important nature from the seat of war required a safe convoy to Bowning\x=req-\ -sfcrBst. aud Lord Harley willingly undertook £fae task. He, however, knew that perhaps the fate of nations hung on the prompt delivery of his important budget, and he felt harassed, and fretted like a noble war- horse ■•wi-fl pants and paws the ground impatient of ^Selay, aud longing for the field of action. There was, however, nothing to be done. llaihrays were not spoken of even in a v^hispsr, and would have been looked upon _3s soma visionary scheme, hatched in the :imnds of the foolish, to be carried out only by those whose proper home ought to have been a lunatic asylum. Telegraphic wires were altogether unheard of. Stage-coaches were the quiet, approved, respectable means of seeing the world and its wonders, save Tyheu the sea unluckily intervened. And in tihe days of which we are. writing a light chariot and four good horses were considered almost equivalent to an express train in the present time. iJnfc, alas! horses, men, and carriages TTfire_, as His Lordship mentally exclaimed, not only wound up and stopped; but, for the present, their spring of motion was broken. There was, however, no help for it, and all that remained "was to invoke the aid of the little god. Patience. The air -was extremely shs,rp and cold, even in the chariot, and Lord liar lay thought that by stirring his limbs lie might ■while away the ensuing half itOET. Carefully putting his small tin box of • despatches under his military cloak, he defended from the carriage for the purpose of taking a quick walk, at the same time telling the remaining postilion that he should not lose sight of the spot. It was an hour past midday; the sun's rays sparkled and danced oa. the bright foliage which autumn had still le£fcon the branches above head, and ever and tojioh another and another crimson or yellow leaf fluttered at the feet of our hero to join its fellows, as they lay beneath his tread in /besjitiful confusion—an emblem of the fleetingness of all earth's beauty and pleasures. Tie east -wind was so bitter that it caused Lord Harley to wrap his cloak closer around fjim. True, he had shared the night watch many a time in the trenches with his brave companions in war; nor did he shrink from having the stars for his canopy and his knapsack for his pillow. Though high in rank and fortune, he never shrank from hardship or privation. But the east wind seemed to chill hiai; seemed, lie knew not why, to make him feel colder than frost or snow. It was the delay his impatient spirit had met with, in her flight that caused him to quicken bis steps, and walk as if for a wager. Presently he turned round, and finding he had -proceeded further than he thought, commenced retracing his steps. There stood the . horses in the distance, there the carriage; S»ct at present no arrival of the second posfcUion and horses. More patience is to be invoked. He turns, and notices that be is close to a park fence, somewhat dilapidated, and through and over which the interior could be easily seen. The timid fawn and stately stag lift their heads to gaze at the passer- by. Wide beautiful sweeps* of grsss land are to be seen stretching between tfei magnificent oaks, horse-chesnuts, and beeehes. They stand in groups and clusters, <Lotte<l about in rich beauty over the fair estate, and further on, far away from where Lord Harley stood, rose a mansion, built in old. baronial style; but it was at too great a distance to admit of any fair decision as to its date or style of architecture. For a few moments he gazed on the glowing landscape; and memories of home and broad estates and loving friends warmed the heart of the soldier, and lured him for awhile from the thoughts of the battle-field, and even from his impatience to reach Downing-street. Suddenly remem bering himself, lie again commenced his brisk walk, and found that whilst he had tarried -take postilion and horse had arrived. He saw now that all would be in readiness for starting by the time lie reached the conveyance, and, quickening his steps, he had passed more than half the distance, when he felt certain he saw a white figure dart through an opening in the Park palings, and enter the carriage-door, which had been left ajar. The post-boys, busily engaged in harnessing the leading horses, happened to have their backs to the vehicle, and evidently had not had their attention drawn to the strange circumstance. Wliat could it be ? mentally ejacu- ! lafced our liero. It was a time of day when such a thing as a spectre appearing would for ever have destroyed the respectability of the whole family of ghosts. Besides which, fee had a most irreverential and obstinate unbelief as to the existence of the whole fraternity. " Well,thought Lord Harley, as he afterwards related, "what in the name of fortune can it be out this time of day, and in this bitter wind, in white? Yes, white all over." At that distance he could discern it had no wings, so it was no angeL So being neither ghost norangel, it must be a lady. But he felt sure there was 110 bonnet, no travelling dress. It seemed only a vision of floating whiteness, like some stray zephyr in an. embodied form. Spite of his soldier's heart, he could not for the life of him keep his pulse from beating far more rapidly than was its wont as he approached the carriage. Bat his constant self-command came to his aid. in time. He addressed a passing word to the post-boys, and found they were too intent on their horses and harness to have noticed anything; and so, making no remark to them he approached the carriage-door. Eagerly does he glajjce into the interior, nor have his eyes to weary long in their search. Crouched down in the furthest corner—so as nob to be visible from the front windows— reclined a young girl, robed in white. A efeaplet of roses to match the dress rested on iter dark hair, and a necklace of rich pearls ■clasped her slender neck. There was the spectre—there was the vision ; and it was a veey beautiful one, though passing strange. Lord Harley involuntarily drew back with Referential politeness ; but before he could speak, or lift his cap from his head, the girl started forward, and put herself in an attitude ©£ supplication. Placing one finger on her lips, in a broken whisper she implored, "Silence, for the love of heaven." Six words said she afterwards—" Have the postboys seen me ?" A whispered "No" was all that passed. "Then suffer me," she said, in the same -whisper, '' to proceed with yon to town—only iefc not my presence be known." Anxioua to obey tlie strange behest, Lord Harley went to the postilions, and, finding they had completed their arrangements, told them to mount their horses. Then returning to the carriage, he jumped in, and, closing the door, gave the word " Forward." Forward they flew, unconscious of the strange drama that had been enacted in those few fleeting moments. Lord Harley afterwards declared that it was perhaps the first time in his life he had ever felt "at a dead stand." He was a line handsome young man, "beloved "by all who knew him—as much by the poor as the rich. He had been a widowed mother's comfort and a sister's support, and had always been looted upon by his brother officers as the *' soul of honour." Welcomed into the first circles, Lord Harley had ever felt as much at his ease in a palace as in a cottage ; and now he was dumbfounded before a girl! In all his life, accustomed as he was to see the loveliest of the sex, he thought he had never beheld anything that conveyed what those eloquent eyes now di<L Five words had scarcely escaped her lips, but there was an indefin- 1 able purity and nobleness of soul—a depth of mind and feeling beaming in that face— which seemed to enshrine its owner from intrusion. Yet there she was, in that strange place, in that strange attire, intruding herself on a stranger ; and yet lie could not speak for the life of him. A few moments, that seemed like hours, elapsed before the lady broke silence, and Lord Harley now ventured to scan her features and appearance more minutely. Extremely beautiful, -with moat patrician features, she was doubly set off by the elegance and richness of her attire ; and he involuntarily started as he felt assured it was the toilet of a bride. A splendid robe of white satin, made in the fashion of the day, fell around her, trimmed in all directions with the licliest lace. Her beautiful neck and arms were bare, save for the Oriental pearls that vied with the whiteness of her skin. Flowing veils were not then in vogue, and her splendid tresses were looped up with the same kind of gems ; and a wreath of white roses and orange flowers adorned her brow. On the hand was the ring. Yes ; a plain "gold ring was there. As we before said, the lady broke the silence first, and said— " Sir, I perceive by your dress you are a soldier, and a soldier is ever a gentleman. A soldier who fights for the honour of his country can well be relied on by a lady in the deepest distress. On that honour I rely. Strange, strange as must have seemed my conduct, I feel assured that I shall neither lose your respect, nor have cause to repsnt my seeming rashness. One favour I have to ask ; take me as far as you are going, and by this means you may be my deliverer, and heaven—yes, heaven—■ will bless you." During this brief appeal Lord Hariey had been trausfixed ; lie felt unmanned, and left almost without tlie power to frame an answer. At last the words fell from his lips— " Unknown as you are, dear lady, your very presence speaks of holiness and purity. Tliink not that I shall judge lightly of- your conduct; as a gentleman and as a soldier I svrear ■whatever secret you have shall be as safe, and safer in my keeping than my own life's blood. Will you not trust jine vitli your sorrows ? I am certain that your young brow is encircled with thorns and not with roses." "Oh, speak not,71 she exclaimed- "of those emblems of my misery ; speak not of my bridal -wreath < tearing it from her I wows). Would that it were made of cypress, and that I might soon be laid !>eneatli the- clods of the valley. Would. O would that I had died with my poor mother, and that I had never learnt to lisp the name of father and she buried her head in her hands and burst into an agony of uncontrollable grief. "Is there nothing, nothing, dear lady," said LordHarley -with the greatest respect,, "that I can do for you ? Am 1 to remain utterly ignorant of -what your fate has been, and what it is to be " Have you a mother alive T: said she eagerly. "Have you sisters?" and she clasped her hands and gazed into his open countenance. " I have, thank God, and good ones too," said Lord Harley. "Then for your mother's and for your sisters' sakes pity and pray for me, and think •well of me," said she. "Appearances are hard against me, but f cannot, I dare not tell my tale of sorrow. It must rest in my own bosom unshared by others. Alas that it should be so f "But," said Lord Harley, glancing at her attire, " what can I do to shield or help you in your plans'' What are they "God knows," said the poor girl, "but all you can do is this. You, I doubt not, are proceeding to the metropolis. The postilions have not seen me as jet; give me your cloak and throw it over me ; give me a handkerchief for my head, and put me into the first coach you come to." "I will do all this, l>at I must and will see you to a place of safety," said Lord Harley. "1 must, before doing anything, leave my despatches at Downiug- street. I shall get out at the door now at my right hand before any one comes up to it. If the blinds are drawn down close, and you remain in the same posture you are now, no one will see you." " Thank you from my heart," said his fair companion. "Think not that I am ungrateful because I can divulge nothing. The day may come when perhaps you may know and hear all, but you will have my prayers and my thanks forever." Finding they were rapidly approaching their journey's end, the lady seemed to grow uneasy, and appeared anxious to shrink, as it were, into herself. Seeing her great timidity, Lord Harley encouraged lier and said, "You need not fear anything ; trust to my management and my word of honour," and all will be well," The fair stranger took from her hand a large signet ring, with a most peculiar stone in it. "This," said she, "is a family heirloom, and is, I believe, unique of its kind. Take it and wear it for my sake, and if I needed anything to identify you more than remembrance, this ring would be a key all over the world. Perhaps we may meet again some day under happier auspices. God bless you." Lord Harley took the ring almost reverentially and put it on his finger. " That," said he, " shall only be parted from me in death; but am I not even to know your present or past name!" " If I should divulge anything," said she, " I dare not trust the contingencies, though I could trust you. As it is, should you be questioned, you know nothing, and have nothing to conceal. Think of me as the ' Unknown Bride,' and I shall not forget you in my prayers. You have treated me as a Christian and a gentleman, and God iu heaven bless you." Just at this moment the carriage arrived at its destination. The post-boys pulled up, and with, a word of encouragement to Ins fair companion, Lord Harley jumped out and closed the door after him. The news soon spread that official intelligence had arrived from the seat of war. It ran like wildfire through the streets, and a large crowd soon collected round the carriage, and the hum of eager expectation was heard in the throng. The despatches were in a measure private, but the state of the allied armies would soon be known to the world at large, and all was anxiety and interest. Lord Harley fulfilled his mission well, but quickly, and then hastened back to the carriage. What was his surprise, his utter astonishment, to find the bird flown. All that remained of the beautiful stranger was the wreath of flowers that had been crushed beneath her feet. Without telling the postboys what he sought, Lord Harley enquired : if they had seen any one leave the carriage ; ' but in vain. Not one glimmer of light fell ' on the mystery. At last, after much fruitless search, lie found a cabman, who told Tiim that a lady in a cloak and a handkerchief on her head had given him five shillings j to set her down at the comer of a square, j but she would not let him drive her to any | door, and hail disappeared ; and this was all that he could learn of the mysterious visitor who had so deeply interested him. Lord Harley was not a man to be easily j baffled or daunted ^ by,, difficulty, and .be ; determined during hie short stay in town to (leave no stone unturned to find out what had | become of tbe fair fugitive. She bad thrown i herself on bis honour and protection, and he | had done nothing for ber save conveying her ■ to tbe great city. The more he dwelt on ! her words, on her appearance, on all tbe ' circumstances of tbe case, tbe more be felt certain that there was some foul play, which she dared not reveaL That she was fleeing from some terrible evil was evident; and no one could look into that face of purity and gentleness without feeling assured the fault, be it what it .might, was not hers. Lord Harley, however it may startle those who only love fiction, was not of a romantic disposition "by nature, nor was he one that had ever entered with pleasure into the idle flirtations his brother officers often indulged in. But now his very soul was roused as by a tempest of conflicting feelings. He had met with one who, in ber whole appearance, bearing, and demeanour, was different to all he had ever met before; and to believe that ! such a one should be forced into bonds that bound her soul in fetters ; that she was flying as a bird from the fowler, and might not escape pursuit; and that he, as a soldier, an honourable man, and a gentleman, could do nought to help her;—to believe all this, and yet to be utterly powerless, stirred up every feeling of his nature, if possible, to solve the mystery. The cabman, to whom we have before alluded, was not of so stony a nature as not to be capable of having his heart unlocked by a silver key; and upon this being applied he rendered Lord Harley all | tbe assistance in his power. He described in feeling terms "as how the young lady seemed mighty timid, as if she did'nt know as how to bear tbe noise of the streets; and in his humble opinion, she was running away in great trouble." "But," said Lord Harley, "where did you set her down?" "Aye, Sir, an' jist where I did, in this identical place, and she got her pretty little white kid shoes all soiled with stepping too close to that heap of mud there." "But did you not see where she went?" continued Lord Harley. "Faith an'sure an' she touldme I was'nt to take her nowhere, and as she'd given me the siller, why I had no raisin to do so, your honour. But if I'd known as the looking after her would have turned up as it has, it would'nt have been myself if I had'nt. done so; and to thick of such an illegant gentleman looking aftei- her too. Well, 1 see'd> she was a lady, and the right sort too, for she gave me fire shillings." Lord Harley had nothing left but to traverse the street in question, and other streets in its neighbourhood, in the rain hope that he mighi by some happy accident catch, a glimpse of the lost oue; and if he did he was determined, come what wouH, something should fee done to liberate her from her thraldom.. The search, however, ; was indeed a vague one. If he had been ia possession of lier name he dared not use it after what she had said, and the only ray cf hope lay in catching.a glimpse of her person,. If this were a romantic tale of fiction we should perhaps be bound to make the lady appear at an inaccessible window waving a handkerchief; andtli-s gentleman, by a ladder of ropes, flying to her relief. But we are dealing with facts, and facts are very stubborn, unbending, disagreeable, immovable things, not made of Lndiarubber or guttapercha, to\x=req-\ be turned and twisted into every direction\x=req-\ according to every fa&cy;, and agreeing with; every circumstance. Therefore we are bound to state that a two days' search ended in total defeat; and Lord Barley, not used to be foiled in what he attempted, doubly felt his. failure and its depressing effects. His time of absence only extended to a very short period, and relations and friends had to be\x=req-\ visitei The poet bas said with truth., "that grief unshared liangs heavy at the heart;" and a settled gloom seemed to pervade his spirits.. Lord Harley was of as. open, candid, noble disposition. He fels bound to silence, and it oppressed him. He felt bound to help a fellow-creature ia distress; and he, a soldier, a brave wa.u, and one of high birfcli, was as powerless as aa infant. Continually would that scene come before Mm of tlie white chaplct being torn from that fair brow. Continually would those words sound in his ears—" Were it not for the gaming\x=req-\ table I should never have been where I am now."1 And then those mournful eyes, those piercing, looks of sorrow, ever and anon haunted him by day and by night. Nothing, however, was to be done; no- elue was to be gained. Even an advertisement might lead her pursuers to obtain some information respecting her flight. She was also entirely ignorant of Lord Harley's rank or name. He had intended when they parted to have presented one of his cards, for her acceptance. But as she left in his absence, even there his intentions had been entirely baliied. He must now turn his. attention ones more to unslieath. his sword for his country's weal; and he trusted in the roar of cannon and the heat of the battle-field he might be able to dissipite a cloa-d of gloom which had never before encircled his manly brow. And bidding an affectionate farewell to liis family and friends, he again started for the seat of war, and trusted to time and a soldier's duties to dissipate the remembrance of the past. And as the white cliffs of Albion faded from view, he wondered under what auspices he should again revisit the land of his forefathers, and whether it would ever be his fate to hear again of the TJnknown Bride. 