iXTIRA6RDINARY OCOUItRENI?Ct, The DIhre ego ng Argua (N, B, \\.) or loth isat.-says l:It these enl~r!ltened times it seems almost an abesrdity to talk about ghosts making theor uppotranoe, but tho followint stoatment of wtat hast ii(rllon ;,throe rpleueotables man resld. tng near Youllng I aelothentlo, Bnd may be relied upon by our readers oa boeing no hox, The threo man referred to tre splitting posts and rails 'nr fonloinn at "a place about four miles from Young, near the Threumiole and the Old Dutter h. The first tho they saw anything uen. usual was one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when they were much startled by see. Ing n the bnush near the hut, a white object about the size of ao cat. but of no articular form.1 This extraordinary-looking object end. denly bolor'-thoir ese siprto g ulp 'into a white spectre about eight feeoot high. Thby called out to .. it,... but . could .gett .-,.o, reply, struck it witi a. slick, , and it seundod hollovw, It also ehaenil two of thern one way, and one another. -,Oon;another occasion they retired to bod'hat the, usual Ihour on; a calm still night, wont: to sleep, slept for some time, and, upon' one waking _up during thbe night, he was much surprised to tfld that the whole l tlhe roof of.thl hot: itad been removed. On looking out thy sw th saw o speotr:but no one else was about, foal, they are all quilto nure that neltheroton this nor tle tF'drnior oocaslio was it. eithor a man or a ,womnan. ;,Itseesuddenly lsielhg'heforo their eyes from a more nothlng to..a height ,)f .eight feet quite.dumb-foundoed them., Another night they were much surprised at soeeoing a strage, no. earthly-looking animal somewhat resembling s doel,' wita long' chalo eattioood to'ott, This animal came right in front of the hint and coin. mSenced grinning at thom, but 'made no' noise either by barking or otherwise, save tile eoes. alonal rattlitig.of hisohain. As the animal would tet: go away, ;one of the meo, who was a good ,shot,o loaded a . gut,' and' fired the contents dirrot at the brute, but,tho shot took no effect upon it. The dog, or whatever it was, re. matnid for some conliderabloe tlmoe.;On another night the dogaoeemedu to have roturned, for they heard the-rattling of a chain and a noise like what a due would' make when- licking 1 plate "Upon lookingl outside, they saw that a plateowhich bad been-left there was- in motion, but-they iould not see what caused it to: be so, although they could, while lookinog, distinctly boa'r'the samo noise de. scribed above. They watched it for some time, tihe plate bohig kept In motion, ant the noise be. ing distiuotly, heard as if tIh planteo 'w being licked by some anuimal, .On Sunday- lest these men came into Young, and upon one of them re. turniog lia thl evoidg lie toned tthatthe-door of the but had been pulled down and lts e ontents brought outside and left there. Two out of the three men are well known to us and we fetot can. tidont that what ;we have, elated -maybje relied upon as the truth. A shopherd told these men that soma.time ago two men, who were splitting there quarrelled, and one killed the other with sa aoe, and afterwards felled a tree on bim, aid that it was nohling extraordinary' for- the murdered man's ghlost to make Its appoaruce.; ". I . - , ;? . . . . : 