REVIEW. j Lucrezia Borgia, Duchess of Ferrara. A Biography. By William Gilbert, Author of Shirley Hall Asylum." Two vols, London : Hurst and Blackett. THE spectacle of a brave man struggling with the character of Lucrezia Borgia, and striving to whitewash its obstinate blackness, is a sight fit for the gods. That Mr. Gilbert has been successful in rehabilitating the Duchess of Ferrara we cannot affirm ; but that he has produced a remarkably interesting work is certain. The very boldness of the attempt engages one's admiration and attention ; the effort itself, leaving results out of the question, is at least startling. For if there is any character in history about whose guilt ordinary readers have no doubt whatever, that character is Lucrezia 'Borgia. Writers may have erred about Nero, I and Tiberius, and Henry VIII., and Mary Queen of Scots, and Oliver Cromwell ; but as for a defence of Lucrezia Borgia, one would almost as soon have expected to see a plea put forward in favour of the private character and disposition of Satan. When Victor Hugo, according to his own confession, pictured in the person of Lucrezia Borgia every species of moral hideousness and deformity, in order to show the white flower of maternity springing out of this slough of crime, he was not conscious of doing Lucrezia Borgia any injustice. Indeed, in replying to any possible objections that might be made to the drama, he remarks that he would say to those who fancied the crimes of the Borgia exaggerated, " Read Thomas, read Guicciardini, read, above all, the Diarium." These, we take it for granted, Mr. Gilbert has read carefully and minutely and the impression that he has derived from them and kindred authorities is that the Duchess of Ferrara, though not a perfect paragon of virtue, is innocent of the more repulsive crimes laid to her charge. What our impression of Lucrezia Borgia is, after reading Mr. Gilbert's book, may be briefly stated. We never did know much about the character of Lucrezia Borgia surrounded as that has always been by the floating mists of traditional fiction, popular suspicion, and poetic exaggeration; and now, having attentively considered what Mr. Gilbert has to say, we have come to the conclusion that we know less about it than ever. But it is something to have awakened doubt; and we must leave the Borgia's natural piety that she was outwardly pious and respectable in the later years of her life is beyond doubt an open question. Apart from this main purport, these two volumes contain incidental illustrations and descriptions of the manners and customs of the times of the Borgias which are exceedingly interesting. The story of Lucrezia's life, and of the contemporary incidents which more or less affected her, is no less entertaining, and is-told in a graphic and clear style. We should have been glad, however, to have especially in such passages as refer to the heroine's private character more explicit and detailed references to the authorities quoted. Such references may not be wanted in a book intended for the amuse- ment of general readers ; but, dealing with grave historical matters, Mr. Gilbert should have made greater use of the foot-note. As it is, he gives various valuable quotations from contemporary writers who spoke of the Duchess, her surroundings, and appearance. Had she fair or dark hair ? One naturally thinks that she ought to have had raven hair, with an unwholesome face, like that of the common engraving of Boccacio. But Lucrezia had little of the ordinary Italian type of feature and complexion. Her eyes were grey. Her hair was golden, though one or two of her portraits represent her with dark hair. Here is a full-length description of herself and her appearance ; "At the marriage ceremony she was dressed in an overcoat (depravity) of gold tissue (Staffa score) made in the French fashion, with open sleeves. Beneath this was a vest of crimson silk bordered with ermine. Around her throat was a necklace of large pearls, from which hung a pendant of precious stones of great value. At the back of her head she wore a cap of dark- coloured silk, shot, with gold thread, Her hair, which was drawn back and fell over her shoulders, was merely fastened by a thin black silken cord. She was accompanied by fifteen bridesmaids and many ladies of mature age. Nicolo Cagnolo, who had frequent opportunity of being in Lucrezia's society, speaks of her as being at the time about twenty-four or twenty-five years of age, of middle height and graceful figure, her face somewhat long, her nose Grecian and delicately shaped, golden hair, grey eyes, a somewhat large mouth, with beautiful white teeth, well-formed neck and bust and the expression of her countenance amiable and lively.' -. The portrait prefixed to these volumes has anything but a pleasing expression in the features; but as these show the obvious exaggera- tions of outline that are common to nearly all miniatures, we do not put much value in their suggestions. That Lucrezia, after becoming Duchess of Ferrara, did do her best to become outwardly respectable, is, as we say, beyond dispute. Perhaps she had found out that riotous living only left a taste of ashes in the mouth; or perhaps, having no further political schemes, of her own or her relatives, to compass, she imagined that she might as well become proper. Becky Sharp, it will be remembered, was not without a conviction that she could be as good as anybody else if she had only 5000 a-year. However, the Ferrarese court was certainly very circumspect and the duke and duchess were patterns of 1 respectability: Both Lucrezia and her husband are said to have had a profound respect for things holy, she being fully as strict an observer of all rites and ceremonies of the Church as her husband and father-in-law. On 1 this point historians have frequently done her great injustice, stating that her religion developed itself in proportion as she grew older and found her death approaching. Gibbon even makes the same accusa- tion against her. Yet not a single document exists to give an excuse for the statement, while many might be brought forward to show that, from the first day of her arrival in Ferrara till her death, she followed though without ostentation in the strictest manner all outward ordinances of the Church. Judging also from her correspondence, it would be difficult to name any woman of celebrity in the middle ages through whose life a more even current of piety ran than in that of Lucrezia Borgia during the nineteen years of her residence in Ferrara. It is to be perceived as fully in the first letters that she wrote to the Marchioness of Mantua after she had retired from the wedding festivities of Ferrara, u in those she wrote to the same lady shortly before her death all are marked with the Some singular tone of piety. To her father-in-law and husband, even when writing on matters either concerning the State or her private family affairs, the same religious tone may be elected, although never standing forth in an offensive or ostentatious manner." Nor was Lucrezia's father-in-law anything but a model of virtue, and he had also resolved to make other men as virtuous as himself by edict. The wording of this edict is inexpressibly curious. He ordains that all swearing shall cease, to the end that famines and plagues be averted from the land : " His Highness has determined totally to extirpate from the city and the rest of his dominions all the vices, and especially those which create the greatest , scandal, and to sow in their place the different virtue, as he hopes to do by the grace of the Holy Ghost. And inasmuch as his Excellency wishes first to put the spade to the root of those vices (spades alla radios) which are most likely to produce the anger of God, and induce Him in his divine justice to send upon the earth famines, earthquakes, plagues, and misfortunes by fire and water, by this present edict, which shall have the force of constitutional law, he commands that no person, of whatever sect or condition, profession or dignity, shall dare or presume to blaspheme God or the most glorious Virgin Mary His mother, or any male or female saint, neither in words clearly , expressed or ambiguous, to the extent that if from the doubt of their meaning any blasphemous interpretation may be drawn. And he declares by this edict that should it not be possible to discover whether the interpretation is blasphemous or otherwise it shall be deemed blasphemous. And that his Excellency resolves, that the laws at present imposed upon crimes of this kind shall be put in force in their full severity. And he exhorts all who shall hear any swearing immediately to lay an accusation against the blasphemer, promising the informer that, beyond the merit and reward' he will receive from Divine Providence, he will do a public benefit, and moreover he shall have part of whatever fines may be revised." If you blasphemed God or the Virgin Mary you fail to pay six lives ; but if you were impertinent to a saint, the fine was only three lives. A notable feature in these punishments was that they were increased in proportion to the rank of the offender. The pious duke doubtless thought that an educated and cultivated person ought to know better and so a burgher was fined twice as heavily as a working man, and a noble thrice as much. These laws against blasphemers, says Mr. Gilbert, must have continued for a long time in force in Ferrara for in the middle of the eighteenth century a certain Alberto Romano, having foolishly fired an arquebus at a statue of the Virginia gratuitous waste of powder which was held to be blasphemous he had his tongue pierced with an iron hand, and was afterwards hanged. Another lord of Ferrara published an edict about women's dresses, being aided in his purpose by a large number of the men of the city. " Women were prohibited from spending more than a third part of their dowry, either at once or at a future time, on jewels and outfit, rendering it penal for notaries, modistes, tailors, or goldsmiths either to furnish them with goods on credit, or to assist them in evading the laws. All farmers' wives were forbidden to wear silk dress, or even silk trimmings, or any ornaments of either gold, silver, or pearls. The, edict prohibited ladies from wearing to their dresses trains or tails code) which, when a lady stood upright, could be stretched out more than half-a-yard from her heels. But the most extraordinary portion of Leonella'a decree, and at the same time the most objectionable, was the means adopted for discovering whether ladies evaded the law, for although in the public streets the misdemeanours of long tails or trains could be easily detected, it was far different in the house, where they would be able to indulge their extravagant propensities without being seen. The plan alluded to was to enable fathers and brothers to give information against their wives and sisters, or daughters, without being detected, so that, without fear of female vengeance, any male member of a family might bring the transgressions of his wife or sisters under the notice of the authorities. For this purpose a box was placed by the entrance door of the cathedral, beside the front for the holy water, with a slit in the lid, into which all denuncia- tions might be inserted against ladies who wore their brains too long, without the names of the informers being known. To these extracts we can only add the final words in which Mr. Gilbert sums up his opinion of Lucrezia Borgia : "In concluding the story of Lucrezia Borgia, and with no wish whatever to speak of her more highly than she deserves, we submit that it is impossible, from the data which we have placed before the reader -all of which are authentic-that Lucrezia could have been the execrable character she has so frequently been painted. That she could have lived for five or six years in the atmosphere of her father's court, and have quitted it without being contaminated, would perhaps be as impossible as for a man to touch pitch and not be defiled, of those charges of specific acts of gross immorality which have been brought against Lucrezia during her residence in Rome, not the slightest trustworthy evidence exists, nor do her bitterest contemporaneous enemies ever accuse her of being, directly or indirectly, implicated in a murder. And while the strong possibility is admitted that her reputation did not pass without blemish while she resided in Rome, it would be hardly fair to judge her conduct in that profligate age with the same severity that we should use in criticising the reputation of a modern princess." AS we have already stated, we are disposed to leave Lucrezia's real character an open question. It is enough, in the meantime, that Mr. Gilbert has managed to produce such evidence, and such a story, as are likely to unsettle the common conviction of her unqualified and monstrous criminality. Besides this partial attainment of his object; Mr. Gilbert had to congratulate himself on having written a couple of very entertaining volumes, full of curious and interesting matter, over which no reader is likely to yawn London Review. 