THE LICENSED VICTUALLERS LEGIS LATING FOR THEMSELVES. These irrepressible and irreconcileablc ' suggestions' again ! The licensed vic tuallers have taken them in hand now, and from the Freemasons' Tavern comes another Babel of licensing reform. Each successive batch of reformers begins by pushing aside ita predecessors, and ends by leaving a fresh scheme of its own iu full possession of the field. On Thursday Mr. Henning extin tinguished the_ Justices with ex nihilo nihil fit. ' If the Attorney-General,' he said, 'instead of referring his suggestions to them, had consulted some of the tradesmen, he might have arrived at a much more satisfactory conclusion.' The second speaker, Mr. Bleechmore, snubbed the commercial travellers. 'It appeared nothing had come of the Justices' meeting, and the commercial travellers had held an imitation one, and attempted to dictate to the publicans what they should do.' But the publicans are not to be dictated to, and to prove that to the world in general they*produced_.it the Freemasons' Tavern a series of resolutions embodying their own ideal of a licensing system. Mr. Bleechinore's motion, affirming the present system to be very objectionable, was of course carried nem con. Mr. Trew's, for raising the license fees 'in order to obtain a better class of men,' was met by two amendments— one for establishing a gra duated scale of fees according to the assess ment of the house, and another for retaining the existing scale. There was a division in the camp here, the ' first-class hotels' being checkmated by the 'back-streeters,' who- commanded the majority. Mr. Lithgow's proposition for the appointment of an In spector was unanimously agreed to. Mr. Bleechmore then brought forward the crucial point of the Attorney-General's scheme— the elective Central Board — but presumably to avoid the reproach of plagiarism he increased the number of select Justices from a dozen to a score. The suggestion thus modified was adopted without a dissentient vote. Mr. Trew next introduced the colonial wine question, and his brethren at once agreed with him on the propriety of confining the wine trade entirely to public-houses. At Mr. Bleechmore's instance the meeting expressed a very cursory opinion on special permits, which merely reiterated the words of the Act, without recommending any better means of enforcement. Mr. Trew wound up the series with a resolution for repealing the 53rd clause of the Licensed Victuallers Act, which prevents publicans suing for liquor supplied in smaller quantities than twenty t shillings' worth at a time. The licensed victuallers would have been singularly disinterested if they had not united to a man against this financial grievance of their profession. Having demolished everything, from the Licensing Bench to the 53rd clause, they felt like men who had spoken their minds— Justices and commercial travellers notwithstanding. The real gist of what the licensed victuallers Live told the public is that they wish to have their business made as select as possible. They approve of the Attorney- General's select Bench, because it would pro mote that object. . The wealthier section of them would have the licence-fees raised, as another and still more effectual means oi selection. They take advantage of the pre vailicg cry. for an improved supervision of public-houses to attempt the establishment of a monopoly. As in all licensed profes sions, the more successful members advocate restrictions as a bar to competition. They would reduce respectability to a financial consideration, and credit him with most of it who could pay best for it. They would render a licence very difficult for new comers to obtain — vide the select Central Bench and the high fee ; but when a person had forced his way into the privileged guild, they would resent any attempt to dis turbhim. Theyhave been particularly tickled with the Attorney- General's suggestion for malting licences, when granted, tenable as a matter of course until they are objected to. It was re-echoed in a postscript to one of Mr. Bleechmoore's propositions, and slightly strengthened by varying the expression as follows:— 'And that no formal application be necessary for renewal.' Once a publican alwaya a publican, until the Adelaide Bench or ita Argus-eyed Inspector should discover sufficiently grave reason for challenging the diploma; ]- *-'\ . ' ' The public and the Legislature may be relitd upon to entertain favourably the wishes of a peculiarly situated class like the licensed victuallers. Men who have to submit to exceptional taxation and ex ceptional interference by the law are unquestionably entitled to have their position made as tolerable to them as circum stances will permit They hare a right to be consulted on every change of legislation which may affect them, and the more intel ligent of their number may be better qualified to advise the Government on licensing reform than the generality of Justices. The meeting at the Freemasons' Tavern on Thursday was quite as self -consistent as that at the Police Court on the 25th May. Its opinions were as tersely expressed, and the result of its deliberations is equally if not more intelligible. But the position of the licensed victuallers, though in one respect entitling them to speak authori tatively, in another brings them under suspicion. They are interested parties in the discussion, and cannot possibly regard it from quite the same standpoint as the public. They may not be able to distinguish very clearly between respectability and monopoly, but the public, ought to be. They may not be able to perceive the clashing interest in their own community, but the public must both see and consider them. The licensed victuallers could not agree on a licensing system even if they had. full power to frame one to suit themselves. The 'first-class hotels' and the 'back stree&ere;' would be certain to come into collision again as they did on Thursday over the question of licence fees. There are two notions of respectability current among them — the rich man's and. the poor man's, 'lhe Legislature must arbitrate between the two as well as between the licensed victuallers generally and the public. The ' first-ebss hotel' system would be very simple. It would up to a certain point be a succession of restrictions, and beyond that point its motto would be ' hands off.' There would be the heavy licence- fee recom mended purposely to create an exclusive trade. There would be the centralised authority in Adelaide, composed chiefly if not entirely of city men. There would be the Inspector with a special mission to check the growth of new houses. There would be an extinguisher put upon wine-shops, and possibly a repeal of the 53rd clause, which is so vexatious a damper on bar busi ness. With these safeguards the 'first- class hotels' might 'be pretty well secured against competition, and then, by parity of reasoning, we should have a model licensing system. So long as the high licence-fees were paid, and the Council of Twenty heard no complaints, it should be assumed that all was serene among the.very select and respect able licensees. One can sympathize with the objects of this theory without approving of its modus ?nerandi. The Justices are quite as con scious as the licensed victuallers that wnat is needed is a stricter mode of issuing licences in the first instance. If we had a system the strictness and efficiency of which could be depended upon, it would be unnecessary to perpetuate the in convenience of annual applications for re newal. A supervision which would operate steadily and uniformly of itself would be better both for the State and the licensed victuallers than such a one as the' present, which has to be taken to pieces and set agoing again every year. Greater caution in first granting licences, and more regular control over licensed houses would of course imply exemption for the licensee from many annoyances to which he is now subject, in cluding the annual application for renewal. Where there ? exists a definite power of recall on proof ef necessity, the licence may be as safely granted during good behaviour as for a fixed term. The aims of this agitation, 33 more or less clearly realized by all its promoters, are a careful issue of licences, a systematic super vision and undisturbed enjoyment by the licensees so long as there is no provable abuse. The diversity of opinion which over shadows their common object arises out of the further question, how these requisites are to be attained. The hotelkeepers believe in high licence-fees ; but on that point they have been outvoted by the country publicans Even if it could be adopted, it would be no remedy against some of the worst evils which are now rampant. The most disreputable houses in Adelaide could afford to pay as much tor a licence *as Mr. Henning himself or any other hotelkeeper. In the country there can be no reason for discouraging ne houses if they be of the right kind, and the Licensed Victuallers Act plainly enough declares what they ought to be. The legislative standard of respectability is the amount of accommodation afforded by a licensed house. The publicans who com plain of having to compete with shanties may obtain redress without any alteration of the law ; it is only the administration of it that such complaints reflect upon. Possibly the standard of accommodation might be better defined or otherwise improved, but there is no occasion to abandon it inasmuch as no better substitute has been offered for it. The house itself must always be a truer criterion of respectability than the fee. - The second safeguard suggested at the Freemasons Tavern was official inspection. In itself this might be deserving of a trial if the Legislature should be willing to incur the expense. On the main question as to what the licensing authority should be, the licensed victuallers have loyally intended to support Mr. Strangways and centraliza tion, but in the excess of their zeal theyhave burlesqued his original idea. Fancy a legal tribunal with twenty magistrates on the Bench ! If the licensed victuallers consider that number necessary they can hardly object to our argument that it will be more convenient to distribute them over the colony. They are really in favour of localization without knowing it. They prove its neces sity by their very efforts to evade it. The Railway Tabiff.— A final edition of the new tariff was issued on Saturday afternoon as a Gazette. Extraordinary, and will come into operation to-day. The only change from number two is in the truck rate, which has been fixed at 9d. for* the Port line and Is. Id. per mile on the North line, irre spective of the goods classification. This is not an increase, though at first sight it may appear so, because the maximum of loading has also been raised— namely to six tons. Rateable reductions will be made for smaller trucks. On the Port line the first rate was 7s. 6d. for heavy and 10s. for light goods, with a TnaTimnm of five tons; equal to an average of Is. 9d. per ton. This has been superseded by a uniform rate of 9s. per truck, with a maximnm of six tons ; equal to Is. 6d. per ton. On the North line the original rate was 13. for heavy and Is. 3d. for light goods, making an average of Is. lid. or 2j'0d. per ton, in place of which there is now to be a uniform charge of Is. Id. per mile, with a maximum of six tons ; equal to 2 Jd. per ton. There is therefore a reduction of fully id. per ton per mile in actual rating. In a day or two we hope to find room for an analysis of the classified rates and of their relative bearing on the old tariff. This kind of railway reform im been in agitation also among some of our neighbours, some of whom have ventured on reductions even more radical than Mr. Colton's. The following paragraph from the Argus will explain: — 'The Government of New South Wales has made some important revisions in the rates and classification of traffic on all the rail ways in that colony. For the conveyance of agricultural produce the rates will now be l|d. per tonjper mile as against 3d. per ton per mile in ffiis colony, and for mineral pro duce lid., as against 4d. here; while the general goods rate is Id. per ton lower than that paid on th'e Government lines in Vic toria.' .. {?'?;? : ' Thzatee Eotal — There was a pretty fjood attendance at the Theatre on Saturday night, when 'The Octoroon' was repeated. In every respect it went more smoothly than the ' previous evening, and the applause was frequent. There was no weak point in the cast; Messrs. Lawrence, Musgrave, and Streeton, and Miss Juno playing the principal parts especially well The same piece will presented this evening. Mb. Bbxlmr's Second Benefit.— It will be seen that very special arrangements have been made for a second benefit to Mr. Bellair, These, combined with the remembrance of the unfavour able circumstances under which the first took place, ought to secure a great, success. The event comes off to-morrow night ( Tuesday). HUNTING.— The Adelaide Hunt Club met again, according to appointment, at .the Old Half- Way Bouse, Woodville, on the Port- road, on Saturday afternoon, June 12. There was a large attendance, the number of mounts being about 70; two and a-half couple of hounds were in the leash; the animal which was to afford the requisite sport being the old dingo. A ride of a mile and a half brought the field to where the hounds threw off,: the spot being nearly the same as the previous week. The harriers followed on a good scent in the direction of the Grange, at the Eeedbeds. The chase presently experienced a alight check through the hounds working in too close proximity to the enclosures near Sir. filacker's grounds. The field were, however, soon in motion again, the course lying across the river and over, the toad adjoining, into the paddocks on the opposite side. The scent was followed through this paddock and the one beyond, where they came to a ''rasper' of a post and rail fence. A rail conveniently gave way. and the field availed themselves of this opening, and pursued the chase without hindrance. Mr. Bickford's horse, however, cleared the fence, and in doing so cleared another horse and its rider, to the mutual astonishment of the cleared and the clearer, and the diversion of the field. Another check soon afterwards took place, but ere long the hounds were laid on again on a cood scent, the quarry evidently making for the kennels at Mr. Wackier s place, which he reached in safety after a hunt of over an hour. The pace was by no means so fast as the preceding week, though more numerous opportunities occurred during the run for exercising the jumping capabilities of the horses. The Master, and Mr. JS. Baker on White foot, were among the few who resolutely charged anything like a stiff leap. Among the few spills of the meet tras a ludicrous mishap that befel a learned Commissioner, who performed a more than usually rapid feat of horsemanship. In his impatience to reach the landing side of a fence he anticipated hU horse, and, overbalancing himself, he reached terra firma first, without, however, meeting with any injury. Among the 'moving accidents by flood and field' thU created a good deal of mirth, the harmlessness of the exploit not requiring an exhibition of any other feeling. Pkince Alfhed College Opening.— On ac count of the day fixed as a holiday in celebration of Her Majesty's Accession now being Tuesday, June 22, the Committee of the Prince Alfred College have decided upon holding then- public breakfast and formally opening the commodious and handsome College buildings on that date instead of the date previously advertised. Trade on Yorke's Peninsula.— The local Pref s remarks that 'the fluctuations of trade on the Peninsula are somewhat remarkable. Two months ago Moonta resembled a go-ahead Yankee city, and all was stir, bustle, and activity amongst the inhabitants. During the past fortnight, for no assigned cause, trade has been verging on stagna tion. Even the Kangaroo, steamer, trading to Wallaroo, ha« felt the difference, and has brought not above half her usual amount of cargo. Not withstanding, there are as many men employed as usual; mining enterprise was never more buoyant; but for all this things are quiet Probably the period of quietude may only be what men call a coincidence, and as there is no assignable cause for it it may soon pass away. \Ve believe that at Wallaroo there are few, if any, men uu empioyeu. Settlement on the Mubbat Flats.— A correspondent writes to the Kapunda Press:— ' Now that the Murray Flats are being settled on, the traffic is very great Within the last rear more than 50 settlers have taken up land out there, and they all come by the Bagot's Well-road. It is beautiful'to see the fine fields of ploughed land where a few years ago the wild cattle were the only things that fed ou it Could the Government snare a little money for makiiu a road to the North- West Bend, it would open up one of the finest rjiricultuial districts in the colony.' A Miniso Boll.— Mr. S. Kobinson, of Maccles field, tent to an Adelaide assayer, with an ex cessively short name composed of vowels, a sample from that locality to be tested. The following laconic reply was returned:— 'I have carefully examined the sample of ore you sent, and the result is nil.' Bbiegk Openng.— On Friday. June 4, the bridge lately built by the West Torrens District Council on the road leading from the Beehive to the Patawillunga Cieek and Frogmore, the resi dence of Mr. W. H. Gray, J.P., was duly opened in the presence of several members of the District Council and others. The bridge, which is a sub stantial structure, has a water way of 40 feet and is built of Oregon pine, with a flooring of red-gum, and does great credit to the contractor, Mr. W. H. Campbell. The ceremony of christening was per formed by Miss Gray, who, having broken a bottle of wine on the bridge, named it Kosetta BridRe, which designation is painted on each side, and she then declared it duly opened. Vehicles then passed over, and two smaller bridges lately built on the earae line of toad were inspected. The road in question, about two miles in length, lately made, partly by local rates anJ Government aid, is through a swamp, and could not have been under taken for some years had not the scoop and power ful teams been used for the purpose. This line is the most direct to the beach, and when completed will be the nearest to the projected military-road. The company were invited by Mr. Gray to his residence, where an excellent luncheon was pro vided. The health of 'Mr. and Mrs. Gray' was proposed by Mr. Dew and acknowledged. 'The District Council' was proposed by Mr. Campbell, and responded to by Mr. C. J. Kverard, and the toasts of the contractor and his assistants, also the Superintendent of Works (Mr. Kiddoch), were duly honoured. A Yellow Omnibus at a Funeral.— The sensibilities of the Kapunda tferaliTt Mosnta correspondent have been disturbed, and he thus states the cause:— 'From there being no hearse in Moonti, I conjecture it entered into some foolish person's head to hire the yellow-coloured omnibus to do duty at a recent funeral, the effect being any thing but solemn or appropriate. A yellow-coloured mourning-coach, even in Australia, would look in' the eyes of most of us peculiar, to say the least of ' it; but a veritable— for the occasion — yellow bedaubed hearse is almost out of the pale of decency ; yet a coffin last week wa; carried some distance in our on'y bus, drawn by four various coloured horses -that such a thin? should have happened is a disgrace to the place. How much better it would have been to have followed the good old English plan of carrying the coffin, as obtains even yet in many home villages; or if the distiuce to our Cemetery be too far from the township (which I doubt), an ordinary cart would be a better conveyance fur a coffin than the caudy affair that was used. Again, the idea of this omnibus one day being used for a trip to local races, and so-n after as a hearse, must strike the most unthinking as a thing that should not be.' Biluaed-Table fob Sib James.— A contem porary reports that Messrs. Alcock & Co., of Enssell-street, Melbourne, have in the course of completion a splendid billiard-table, manufactured to the order of fefr James Fergusson, Bart, the Governor of South Australia. The table is of bkekwood, imported from Tasmania, and the natural engraining of the wood is of so extra ordinary a character, that the men in the estab lishment Live given it the name of 'thunder and lightning,' from the beautiful lights and shades which are exhibited. The table will be sent to its rieatinatiou by the next boat for Adelaide.— Melbourne Telegraph. -The Dabling.— From Wilcannia, on June 8, the correspondent of the Southern Argus writes: —'The river has fallen considerably, but another small rise is confidently expected. It may possibly enable the steamers to reach. Bourke once more before it falls. Nearly all the last season's clip of wool has gone down, and I trust when sold it will realize a good price. Most of it is scoured and classed, and in better condition than in former years. Fat stoct is once more on the road to market, Mr. E. 3. Bonney having just Btarted a mob of the celebrated Momba fat cattle (mostly heavy bullocks), aud in fine con dition; a!so 5,000 fat sheep. Five thousand fat wethers, from Hood and Poorence, Paroo River, passed down the river last week, also intended for the Adelaide market. ? A few more lots will follow, but 1 do not anticipate a glut of your market from this quarter, the heavy losses daring the drought having reduced tbe number ol our stock considerably; in fact store cattle and sheep are much wanted to replaee tbe heavy losses during the drought There must also be a great falling off m the number of bales of wool to go down after the next shearing from the same cause. The Mount Murchison 6tatiou is about to fence with a five-wire fence, and no doubt many other stations on the river will do likewise; for it is now pretty generally acknowledged that sheep farming will not answer unless the iuns aie fenced in. The steamers are taking their time in working up this season, only five or six having taken advantage of the flood, and reached this far too late. The Aibury and barges, with a small quantity of wool, arrived from Bourke last evening, and steamed down to-day. The only boat now up is the Uoolwa, and she is daily expected down. The Culgoa, Endeavour, Teviot, and Vesta are daily expected to atrive from the Lower Elver. The height of the river to-day is 10 feet 6 inches above its lowest level, and falling six to nine inches per 21 hours. The steamers are causing a petition to be carried up and down the river for signature, and which is to be presented to the Sydney Legislature, praying them to alter their existing laws ts regards the steamers plying on this river, and that they may be granted wholesale wine and spirit licences, which means selling it in con venienj Quantities of two gallons at a lime. Shearing, wool-making, &c;, operations would go ahead if such was the case; but there is little danger of the squatter being in favour of such a thina. ]jet the boats pay j£2 a year and hawk as much as they think proper, or be legitimate carriers, and pay nothing, and no one would interfere with theai, but licensed bum boats there never will be on the Darling. News l.y the Bourke mail to-night is tb.3t the river is still falling, and no word of a rise. From other sources I leam the Macquarie am Balonne waters are coining down, whim will cause another rise in the Darling.' Special Magistrates—Li the course of «n article in the Wallaroo Times on the Local Court system the following sentences occur:— 'It is a matter of notoriety in one district that the Special Magistrate, who at one time had a small partner ship in a large commercial firm, was appointed to his office on tbe recommendation of the senior member of that firm, because he was found to be too deficient in ability to be entrusted with the management of business. There is another district in the colony where a large amount of litigation is saved by the introduction of a system replete with injustice and wrong. Both plaintiffs and defendants earwig the Magistrate in 'Chambers,' and having learnt his opinion decide whether to press or defend their suits. If a person threatened with an action finds that an opinion has been given adverse to his case he pays iather than throw money away by going into Court. There are but few persons who could frequently attend our Local Courts without arriving at the conclusion that the decisions given are often, besides being inconsistent with law, irreconcilable with common sense. It is an open question whether the Special Magistrate*, destitute as they are in the majority of instances of legal lore or training, would not do well to ignore tbe law altogether, and attempt to take a common sense view of the case. The little smattering of lav that they unavoidably pick up only seems to confuse them, thus illustrating the old and true pro verb— 'a little knowledge is a dangerous thing.' The anomaly of a practical lawyer arguing cases and raising points of law before Special Magis trates, who, he well knows, not harinz had a legal education, ore utterly unable to follow him, deserves at once to be put an end to. It neces sarily entails a great hardship upon poor suitors or defendants. Should the plaintiff employ a lawyer and the defendant be unable to scrape up tbe necessary guinea or two, he must be a poor lawyer indeed who could not so embarrass the defendant and bamboozle the unprofessional Bench with legal subtleties as to obtain a certain verdict If it be objected that professional men of note would require larger salaries than the miscellaneous collection of Special Magistrates now sitting, to recompense them for retiring from practice, the answer is ready to be given. They should have their circuit?, when fewer Magistrates would bs required. Either a London Police Magistrate or an English County Court Judge would get through a month's civil and criminal business on the Pen insula with ease in three hours. And. even if the expense should be something greater, the colony would gain incalculably in the quashing of numerous committals in which there is not the ghost of the chance of a conviction being sus tained, and in the certainly which would attend the administration of justice in civil cases.' Copper Mining Notes.— At the Moonta Mine matters are piogressing much as usual. The crushing and haulm? machinery in Kichman's new engine-house is being fixed with allexpcdi tioD, and will shortly commence operations. The newly-discovered lode to the eastward of Buchan's Shaft is yielding grey ore of good quality. The shaft is down about 14 fathoms, and tbe width of the lode is two feet In Fergusson's Shaft sinking has been commenced below the 14-fathom level, and drives are being extended north and south. At Prince Alfred Shaft drives are extending in order to communicate with Fergusson's Shaft— The Kurilla Mine near Kadina is about to resume working, preparatory to which the engine is to be replaced by the tubular engine at the Dury ea. It is confidently anticipated that this property will even tually remunerate the adventurers for their enter prise.— Opeiations at the Wheat James are pushed forward vigorously, and tbe prospect of success in the new shaft are as favourable as possible. Sink ing has been prosecuted to a depth of eight fathoms in proximity to a fine course of ore. Another important mineral discovery is stated to have been made in the Franklin Habour district' and a party of gentlemen from Moonta intend visiting in the course of a few days the locality of the asserted find.— At the Poona a complement of nine men have been engaged in sinking a shift 7 by 4, and on Tuesday last some nice pieces of green carbonate were found at a depth of nine fathoms. They evidently form part of a champion lode, and great hope3 are entertained of its turning out well. —At the Euko men have been engaged timbering up the shaft. The lode is about two and a half feet wide, composed principally of steatite and gossan, carrying a little black ore. Payable quan tities of ore, hotreve-', are not expected until a greater depth has been reached.— The .North-East Moonta are carrying out their prospecting opera tions with vigour, and, it is said, with encouraging prospects. Dalwood, the costeening contractor, has between 20 and 30 men employed searching for copper, and 53 additional men are expected to arrive in the course of a day or two to aid in the search. In two of the costeening pits gossan has been found, together with other favourable indica tions.— The Moonta Prospecting Company are en gaged in following up a large course of spar 50 feet wide thickly impregnated with mundic, and con taining a few specks of copper, forming, in the captain's opinion, a large cross course. — The Kadina Mining Company appears to be regarded with much favour by the mining public, and it is said that applications for shares have been sent in for an excess of the number to be distributed.— A rumour his been current during the past few days to the effect that several miners had been dis charged from the Wallaroo Mines iu consequence of there being insufficient employment for them. On enquiry at head-quarters we learn that the report is altogether uutrue; so far from there being a scarcity of employment at the mine, the case is quite the reverse, skilled miners being in demand to tbe number of some scores.— A Company of miners called the Fergusson Prospecting Company, has bceu for come time at work quietly costeening on some sections taken out to the south east of the Moonta Mine. The men have this week come upon a lode that they believe will prove to be of value. A portion of the stone taken from it is under the hands of the assayer. whose report it was expected would be received this day.— Wallaroo rime*. June 12. Mining at Strathalbtn.— The local Press has the subjoined :— 'During the past week the recent mineral discovery at Meadow Bank has formed the principal topic of interest in this district That there are mineral deposits to a considerable extent in the neighbourhood of Strathalb] n is well known, but the attempts made to develop them have, from the expensive mode of management and high rates of cartage to theseaboarJ, hitherto resulted in failure. The Stratbalbyn and Wheal Ellen Mines, which were worked for a number of years, have been pronounced by competent authorities, with careful management, to be highly remunera tive. Another mine is about to be worked on Mr. Allan McLean's freehold property, called the Meadow Bank Mine. Not long since Mr. McLean, while engaged ploughing, turned up a few sloaes, which he thought were metalliferous, and on opening a large reef cropping out of the surface, a lode uf the same description of stone was cut a few inches below the surface! The lode when opened was rather contracted, but on sinking it widened rapidly, and at a depth of 17 feet the lode was 7 feet across. Stones were taken from various depths of tbe shaft sunk, and sent to town for analysis. The result showed the presence of both gold and silver in payable qumtities-one analysis by the Rev. Mr. Maughan in Febiuary last, showing 15 oh. 5 dwts. silver to the ton. Another analysis by Mr. Jas. James in the same msnth, of a darker stone taken from tbe 'ode, resulted as follows: — 'Large stones — Silver. 1 oa. ; gold, 5 dwta, Small do. — Silver, 1 oz ; gold, 8 dwts.' Other nine assays have been made, with results similar to the above. The lode has been cut a few hundred yards from where it was first opened, and again at a spot a quarter of a mile distant. Six cwt f.om tbe tonner and 18 cwt. from the latter, was sent to town to Bailey's machine, the result from which we pub lished in our last. Mr. McLean has given a 21 years' lease of tbe mineral rights of three sections free of rent, for the consideration of a certain number uf reserved shares. Through one of these sections runs the lode of Ihe'.old Strathalbyn Mine. The promoters of the Company fixed upon 300 shares at £5 each for a commencement 210 of which were offered to the public, and in the course of the post week they have nearly all been taken up. There is therefore every prospect cf the lodes being thoroughly tested, and should it turn out well, not only those interested in it will receive the advantage, but the township will be very materially benefited. Thk New Mine at Kapond a.- Considerable interest has been taken in Adelaide in the new discovery, some particulars of which were given in Friday's Journal. The local paper also has the following on the subject:— 'The attention of some practical miners has lately been directed to a section formerly belonging to the Australian Mining Company, as presenting every appearance of containing a good mine. The sections in question had i«en tried in places by the Company, who eventually sold the property to Mr. James White, reserving, however, the mineral rights. This particular section is now held by Mr. Fotheringham on a lease with right of purchase, and on it has been discovered a very fine lode at tbe surface. A pit has been sunk six feet deep, and the lode bo far continues' to improve. A number of the tradesmen of Kapunda have sub scribed the.necessary capital to test the lode, with a view, to obtaining a lease should the result be favourable. We have seen some good specimens of oxides and carbonates from the lode, one of which assayed by Mr. J. Rowe gave a return of 36' per cent for copper. A second £ampl«, from stuff deemed almost worthless, gave a return of 18 per cent' IMPHISOSHETT KB Debt. — The English Government Bill for the abolition of imprison ment for debt complementary to the New Bank ruptcy Consolidation Bill, has been i&sned.; With certain exceptions it abolishci all arrest or im prisonment for making default in payment of a sum of money. The exceptions are is follow:— Default in payment of a penalty, or any sum re coverable summarily, of any sum under a trust, of any moneys due under a judicial order by attorneys, solicitors, or others. The power of the County Court Judges to commit for small debts u reserved. Bankrupts may also be arrested if about to quit England. All persons in custody are to be discharged on the passing of the Act, but the property of debtors may be sequestrated just as il they_ were arrested. Tbe second part of the Bill provides for the punishment of fraudulent debtors for withholding any information or property from creditors, falsifying accounts, obtaining goods on ere lit within four months of bjnkruDtcy, pawning, mortgaging, or otherwise disposing of goods, to the injury of creditor?, &c.; The punishment for these offences is fixed [at a maximum of two years' im prisonment, with or without hard labour. For absconding with property, ptnal servitude for not more than five yeara; false claim, &c.; imprison ment for ayear. Any Court exercising jurisdiction in bankruptcy mav order a trustee to prosecute or the papei3 to bs laid before the Attorney-General! and in such a exse the expenses of prosecution will I be allowed as in c»5es of felony. The Bill is en dorsed by the Attorney General, the Solicitor General, and the i.hanc.llor of the Exchequer. Wike Tfumwats.— The following appears as an advertisement iu a newspaper received hythe last mail:— 'Wire tramways are applicable to the transport of minerals, agricultural produce, and merchandise. Cost lens than any other road or way (commencing at £150 per mile), and can be carried over any country without more engineering work than a telegraph line. They are suited for branch goods lines in new countries. The working cost is not one-third that of common roads. Three miles can be seen in operation. Apply,' inc. Kisg Thakombau's OECAN.-lhere is a proba bility that the plant of the defunct Melbourne Evening Star will be shipped to Fiji, in order to print a Governm tfi Gazette for Hi* Majesty King Thakombau, TH« Late Diajt PAftMtt.— On Sunday morning, June 13th, at Trinity Church, His Lord, ship the Bishop of Adelaide preached a dUcouise having special reference to the death of tbe laie Kev. James Farrell. Be took for his text, ' Having-* desire to depart and be with Christ irhxh is far better' (Philip. L 23). and in the Bourse of the sermon said :— ' I know not how I can better engage your thoughts on this sad occasion than by dwelling on this subject. You lament the loss of the pastor who watched over the childhood and manhood of so many in this congre gation, and I of a sincere brother in the ministry u well as wise counsellor in the affairs of the Church. Let us, considering his latter end, find consolation in medilatiug on the dignity which a calm and humble faith in Jesus imparts to the character of His servants in the closing scene of life. How superior are they to those whom the God of thw woill has blinded, est the glorioui Gospel ot Christ, which is the mage of God, shine into their heart*, and cive them peace and joy in tbe hour of death. It is our happiness to feel assured that he whom we mourn hud ouch tranquil confidence in the merits of his Utdeeraer. and through them a sure lope of acceptance with God. Let it be our en deavour, as it was hU. to follow the example of St. Paul in this matter, that we too may attain through grace the same happy frame of rniud as distinguished the Apostle, that we may be pre pared, as he was, to meet his God, and that our last end may be like his.' After enlarging upon the Kasons why a departure from this life, in the case of the devoted Christian, was to be longed for, the preacher closed with the following:— 'There are event* in life which beyond all doubt work together for good to them that love God. Such wan the fatal mistake by which the seeds of irremediable disease were howu in his otherwise sound constitution. It was then, during lone agonies of pain, that the vanity of human wishes and worldly enjoyments came home to him with unquestionable vitality. His was too tjneere a Bpirit not to owu the tiuth and act ui-on the conviction, tiescuei from the jaws of tho grave, and permitted to recover his strength a tittle before he went hence, his demeanor, hu life. hU sermons bore tbe stamp of one who had gazed face to face upon eternity. With undimimshed cheerfulness be was nevertheless graver in dis course, in thought, and raanner-a tone of mind winch frequent recurrence of severe pains, through grace patiently endured, tended to deepen and enlarge. On one of these occa sions it was permitted to a brother minister to receive from him so humble, so penitent so calm, so firm an expression of his entire reliance on the merits of Christ as to leave no doubt whatever that in him faith and resignation to the will of God had their perfect work. In that spirit he left us with the slcu'lcr hope of obtaining relief from his distressing illness ; in that spirit he resigned him self to the wise Disposer of events; inthut spirit he died. His work was done. Tou conscientious to retain a ministry whose duties he could nut fulfil had his life been spared, he would have ceased from this pastoral charge. To old and young alike it would have been a bitter parting, even as it is now, when God has taken him to rest. And what was it that so endeared him to both ^ ages alike? Wis it not his un affected sincerity and genial kindness of heart founded on the love of Christ! Did not that sincerity also lend impressive weight to the words which every Lord's Day be uttered from this pulpit! He spoke because he believed ; he testified of that which he knew; and his simple manly religion commended itself to the judgment of men because it was genuine and truthful Firm in his own views of Gospel doctrine he nevertheless was tolerant of others, and could appreciate men of a different school of thought if in them be saw tbe love of God really shed abroad in their hearts. He made many friends; he left no enemy. Besides his duties as Colonial Chaplain, three institutions especially engaged his interest— Trinity Sunday school tbe foremost. Here he was never nrnsiig, and in him both teachers and scholars alike have loat a father as well as a pastor. To his fostering care the Collegiate School owes much of its usefulness and success. ifxom henceforth his name will be inseparable with the scholarships he has largely endowed. In the Synod he saw a true representative body of the Church, and therefore a fit institution for its ex tension by the just distribution of its funds ; and, secondly, he recognised it as the proper spiritual tribunal for the correction of offences against doctrine. Once convinced of its usefulness he became its stanch supporter and one of its wisest councillors. Though absent from us, his sincere and truthful spiiit would unequivocally, on eveiy fitting occasion, have maintained scriptural truth as well as even-handed justice. May such a spirit ever preside over our Cnurch deliberations, and it assuredly will if, following it Paul, we have hearts to desire to depart and be with Christ, which is far better.' The pulpit at Triuity was draped with black, and so were those of the other Anglican Churches, where allusion was also made to the late Dean. The liev. J. C. Wood*, B. A., at the close ol his sermon on Sunday morning, at the Unitarian Church, made the subjoined reference to the late Dean:— 'Our brethren of the Church of England are, I believe, engaged today in an expression of sorrow for tbe death of the late Jtev. James Farrell. M.A., called the Dean of Adelaide; and there are circumstances connected' with the event aud the man which lead me to say a few words) in sympathy with those who Inincnt his di-ceasc. Mr. Farrell had and made no pietensions to being a great theologian, and ho was far too modest ;i man to consider himself an eminent minister of Christ; but he was, in his later yenrs, in which alone he was known to me, a very useful member uf society, and especially so in relation to the cause of public education. As one of the Governors of the South Australian Institute he was always desirous ti- be at his post and his appearance was uniformly welcome to his fellow-citizens of all denominations. He neither possessed nor claimed the gift of oratory; but he had- what it is said many or hid profession sadly want— great common sense, remarkable shrewd ness and knowledge of the world, aud-like his distinguished countryman, Oliver Goldsmith— though not a native of Britain hit speech was a model of pure English. He excited an interest in us all as one of the earliext xcttlent in this country. He loved the land of his adoption, of which he ima given sulistant al proofs. He was too tangible and kindly a man to be a bigot and those .who differed most from him and hu creed wcie willing that in a land where there was ko State Church he should be Colonial Chaplain while he lived. All of us will now rijoice to forget what blemishes he may have hal, and to cutry out in our thoughts and feelings towards his memory the sentiments of an old maxim— by no means of universal appli cation-' say nothing but good about the dead.1 When he died a right manly man passed away from earth, let us hope, to have his citizenship in heaven.' The Late Dean Fakbelu— A muffled peal was rung on the Albert Bells on Saturday evening, June 13, as a mark of respect to the memory of the late Dean Farrell. The peal would probably have taken place earlier if preliminary practice had not'been necessary on the part of the ringers. The Pbincb Alfbed College.- It has already been announced that the opening of the Wesley an College at Kent Town will take place on Tuesday, the £2nd instant when there will be a breakfast and other circumstances of celebration. The new edifice, now almost completed iuternally as well as externally, was on Saturday last inspected by the Hon. J. Collon, accompanied by the architect (Mr. Garlick), ons or two other gentlemen, and a few ladief, among them Mrs. (Jolton, all of whom expressed themselves highly pleased with the convenient and commodious arrangement of the building. It is sufficient for the present to any that beside the basement appropriated chiefly for offices connected with the commissariat there are three floors which are reached by means of a central double staircase. The flret above the base ment contains a large schoolroom capable of accom modating 150 scholars, with hat and cloak-room, class-room, and reception-room ; on the next floor is a suite of excellent apartments for the President with others for the masters; and the top floor consists principally of two spaciuua well-ventilated dormitories, with other sleeping rooms for the masters iu charge. The arrangement and plan of the building altogether commends itself to the visitor as being wtll adapted to the purposes for which it is built The nyntem oi ventilation is admirably complete, which is no small desideratum in such an establishment, and every provision ib made by lavatories, bath-roomr, ice., for the health and comfort of boarders and day scholars. Stables and other necessary outbuildings ate now in course of erection. The Railway Goods TBATCic.-On Saturday afternoon Mr. J. Kounscvell ceased to be tbe Railway Goods contractor, and that office was abolished. The Government only guarantee haulage on the line itself, leaving the task of con veyance of the goods from variouj stations to the convenience and at the risk of their customers, who will, no doubt, have opportunities, however, for arranging for the carriage oi the Roods with private carriers. We understand that & large pro portion of the employe! of Mr. Kounsevell, in carry ing out his goods contract, will be retained in the service of the - Government at the railway. The Commissioner of Public Works was busily engaged during the greater part of Saturday in taking over the plant, and the same afternoon the release was signed by Mr. John Kountevell, on receipt of a cheque for tbe amount agreed upon. Goods AGE»CT.-Mewrs. Darton & Co. an nounce their intention of availing themselves of the facilities offered by the new railway tariff to tptend their connection along the lines. The mediation of such spirited agents ought to be an \- advantage both to the public and to the railways. It will help to ensure a fair trial to the new syBtein. Messrs. Darton & Co.'s prospectus appears in our business columns, [From Saturday's Evening Journal] Telegraphic Communication with Tasmania. —The following notice was posted up ouUide the Exchange this morning:-' Tbe Tasmanian Government having reduced the local rate on telegrams to Is. for 10 words, aud Id. each ad ditional word, the charge on messages from 8outh Australia not exceeding 10 words to any office in Tasmania is now 1&. Above 10 words the charge is 4d. each additional word, and 2s. 6d. (the cable rate) each additional fiye words. Thus to Cape Schanck the charge is 6s. for 10 words, and 3L each additional word; cable rate 5s. for 10 words, and 2s. 6d. each ad ditional fire words; Tasmanian rate Is. for 10 words, and Id. each additional word.' The Nkw Railway Tabiw.— The amended new railway tariff is pupliihed thii afternoon in a GatetU Extraordinary. The rate charged for the use of trucks carrying up to five tons will be on tbe Port line 9J., and on the Northern line Is. per mile, .without reference to tbe goods which are placed in thum. As intimated by advertisement, the new rates come into operation on Monday, tbe 14th instant. Magill Orphanage,— This institution is now open for the inspection of visitors. The Adelaide Police Coubt.— The only case that came before the Adelaide Police Court on Saturday, June 12, was a charge of drunkenness against a man named Wm, Forster, who was mulcted in a penalty of ]0s. The Polich Couut.— In our report of Thurs day's police proceedinas the name of Elizabeth Vaughan occur3. We find that the name should have been spelt ' Worn,' and we mention this lest one person should receive the discredit of I another's misdeeds. 