THE GOVERNOR'S VISIT TO THE SOUTHEAST. [From our Special Correspondent.] NARRACOORTE. The people of Narracoorte had made no gorgeous preparations for the reception of His Excellency. A few streamers floating in the breeze, and an unwonted liveliness in the streets, were the only indications that anything out of the common was being enacted. The inhabitants evidently relied upon the salubrity of their climate, the far-famed richness of the surrounding soil, and the air of prosperity which the kindly gifts of nature imparted to the township and neighbourhood, rather than upon any artificial ornamentation. The ball of Wednesday night concluded, His Excellency Bpent the few remaining hours of the night at Mr. Hinckley's, and about 10 o'clock the following morning made his appearance in the street opposite the Narracoorte Hotel. Here a crowd of persons quickly assembled, and Dr. Gunning, on behalf of the Mosquito Plains Lodge of Oddfellows—whose magnificent banner, with devices characteristic of the good services wrought by the Order to humanity generally, was unfurled for the occasion—read and presented to Sir James the subjoined address:— "To His Excellency Sir James Fergusson. Bart.&c.; "May it please your Excellency— " We, the Brothers of the Loyal Independent Order of Oddfellows, Manchester Unity, desire to offer you our warmest congratulations on this your visit to Narracoorte. We desire to show that though so far distant from the centre of your Government, we share, equally with all Her Majesty's subjects in the greatest respect to her august person and loyalty to her throne. We trust you may enjoy the visit amongst us, and on your return to Adelaide you may look back with pleasure on your stay in this part of the colony. In conclusion, we heartily wish you, Lady Edith, and family long life and happiness. „ . , ., T , " Signed on behalf of the Brethren of the Loyal Independent Order of Oddfellows, Mosquito P 1"^e arf your Excellency's loyal and dutiful L e B E"TH03. AGAR, P.G. " H. HOLME?, P. G. JAS. SHABPLET, P.G. w M. MARSHALLP.G. " JNO. FIELD, P.G. WM. HENCHAN, N.G." His Excellency, in reply to the address, said:— " Gentlemen—I beg to thank you for this kindly address on the occasion of my first visit to Narracoorte. I am quite sure that those who have joined themselves together in a Society so honourable and respectable as that to which you belong make the best subjects to Her Majesty. I feel sure you are conspicuous in setting a good example, such as is always found to be set by Societies of this kind elsewhere. You have all a fight before you in a new country, as others have found: but from what I have seen, I am quite sure this district will always be a credit to South Australia. (Cheers.) UCC1B./ —— The following address was then presented to His Excellency :— "To His Excellency the Right Honourable Sir James Fergusson, Bart, &c.; " May it please your Excellency— "I have been deputed by the inhabitants of Narracoorte and its vicinity to approach you with an expression of the heartiest welcome to this our little community. "The advantage of a visit from a representative of Her Most Gracious Majesty is at all timea manifest, and we hail this particular visit as a bright omen of prosperity to the South-East, inasmuch as it will be the means of bringing before your Excellency the great natural advantantages of this district; and from what we can gather such knowledge once acquired by you will not be unused, but will be made subservient to the advancement of this portion of the colony. , _ ,, " We trust that your journey through the South- East m-ir be most agreeable to yourself, and only regret that you are unaccompanied by the Lady Edith; and we trust that on your return to the seat of Government you will have no other feeling than that of unmuaed satisfaction in having seen for yourself this portion of South Australia, and having established a feeling of esteem in the minds of the people whom you govern. "Signed on behalf of the inhabitants of Narra- C O O r t e' " T. HINCKLEY, J.P.' His EXCELLENCY replied as follows :— " Mr. HinckleyandGentlemen-Ireceive with much pleasure this heartv welcome from the inhabitants of this district. I should have paid you a visit sooner, as I have done to other districts, but when I was not far from here, in the colony of Victoria last month, I understood it would be more agreeable to you to postpone my visit until now. I fancy if a Governor goes too soon to a district it is almost as bad as if he does not go at all. I am most happy to take the opportunity which this Coursing Match has given me to visit your district, which 1 have always heard as one of the most fertile and flourishing in South Australia. In fact, 1 understand it is called the Garden of South Australia, but I have unfortunately entered it through the back door; and I confess that the country between Lacepede Bay and Narracoorte does not carry out the description of a garden. At all events, it is a back garden, and do§s not give any very great promise for the future. But { $m happy to think that I have now got my foot in the garden, and that the country from here to Mount Gambier will realize the description given. I am very glad that this occasion has brought together so many of the inhabitants of the district; and whilst my visit at this time will be short, I shall think it my duty, as it will be my pleasure, to come as often here as my other engagements permit. I do believe when a Governor is young and active be cannot go about the colony too much; and although I cannot hope to realize the anticipations of the address, and do anything to develope the resources of the district, _ which must depend on the industry of its own inhabitants. and perhaps on the action of the Constitutional Government; but at the Bame time it must be a most wholesome thing for me, having constitutional duties to perform, to know as luuch as possible of those among whom I live. Whatever good may come to you, good and pleasure will come to me from my visit." . Three hearty cheers were given for His Excellency, who shortly afterwards mounted to proceed to the coursing. COURSING—SECOND DAY, JUNE 3. WATERLOO CUP.—Entrance, £3 3s. Open to the colonies. "Winner £80 cash, and other dogs' money, according to number of courses won. FIRST TIES. Mr. McLeod's Mars beat Mr. T. Smith's Shade Mr. Riddoch's Jet beat Mr. Hamilton's Fosco. Mr. Hines's Maud beat Mr. Kinnaird's Lady. Mr. Fagan's Banjo beat Mr. Riddoch's Lily. Mr. Robertson's War Eagle beat Mr. McLeod' Magic. Mr. Robertson's Sampler beat Mr. G. Smith s Mr,' Ledridge's Lubra beat Mr. Hamilton's Rufus. . Mr. McLeod's Meg Dodds beat Mr. Grieve's Flo. Mr. Hicks's Blue Belle (late Princess) beat Mr. McLeod's Minnie Trail Mr. Hines's Dora beat Mr. G. Smith's J.B. Mr. Ledridge's Fairy beat Mr. Smith's Barb. Mr. Kennard's Snip beat Mr. Robertson's Rosamond. Mr. A. Smith's Planet beat Mr. W. Smith's RMr! Riddock's Trimbush beat Mr. Hicks's Mvstery. Mr. Fagan's Fly beat Mr. McLeod's Milly. Mr. Jones's Jason beat Mr. Robertson's Fly. Mr. Ledridge's Trump beat Mr. A. Smith's Duke. Mr. Jones's Janitor beat Mr. Hicks's Charlie SECOND TIES. Mars beat Maude. Banjo beat Jet. War Eagle beat Lubra. Sampler beat Meg Dodds. Blue Bell beat Dora. Snip beat Fairy. Trimbush beat Planet. Jason beat Mr. Fagan's Fly. Janitor beat Trump. THIRD TIES. Banjo beat Mars. Blue Belle beat War Eagle. Snip beat Sampler. Jason beat TrimbUBh. Janitor ran a bye. FOURTH TIES. Banjo beat Snip. Janitor beat Blue Belle. Jason ran a bye. FIFTH TIE. Jason beat Banjo and won. WATERLOO PLATE, FIRST TIES. Lady beat Lilly. Flo beat Magic. Rosamond beat Barb. Minnie Trail beat Mystery. Fly beat Milly. Charlie beat Duke. SECOND TIES. Lady beat Flo. Fly beat Charlie. Rosamond beat Minnie TraiL THIRD TIES. Rosamond beat Lady. Fly ran a bye. DECIDING TIE. Rosamond won. The meet to-day took place on Mr. William Robertson's Moyhall Run, three or four miles from the township. The weather was delightful barring a few drops of rain, which were too insignificant to interfere materially with the enjoyment of the occasion. Our way led over a very pretty country similar in description, as far as soil is concerned, to some of the most fertile lands of the North. After passing over a few hundred yards of natural road, we struck off into a rough station track, which wound along the banks of the lagoons which abound in this neighbourhood, and contain a splendid store of fresh water. A beautiful carpet of young grass clothed the ground, and the general appearance of the country was such as very favourably to impress a stranger. After passing through a portion of Mr. Magarey's ran, we came upon the spot selected for the meet—a delightful one admirably fitted for the purpose it had to serve. From a large plain, partly cleared and partly overgrown with rushes, gentle slopes rose to an elevation commanding the coursing grounds on every hand. These rush tracks formed admirable covers for the game, and volunteer beaters were employed without ceasing in hunting the wallaby from his lair. This sport, which was only started at Narracoorte a couple of years ago, and was then for the lirst time introduced into Australia, has become wonderfully popular, and not without reason, considering the wonderful facilities -afforded by the country for its pursuit. Under the presidency of Mr. Henry Jones, with the support of wealthy squatters far and near, and. of real sportsmen throughout this and the adjacent colonies, it is no marvel that the pastime has grown into an institution which it will be hard to uproot. Among those who were present on this second day, embracing as the attendance did His Excellency, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, Mr. E. M. Young, two or three heads of Government Departments, and those who by their industry and application have achieved the name and position of squatter princes in the locality, must not be forgotten. Mr. Connor, Secretary and Judge, who, from the formation of the Club, has been its mainstay, besides being its first originator. With exemplary zeal and patience he kept to the field, encouraging the beaters, inspecting the slipping of the dogs, following the chase, and pronouncing the fiat when all was over. The slipster was spoken of as not being peculiarly deft in his calling, for although a good runner, he had not the skill to slack the coupling without a jerk,-which had a tendency to throw the dogs off their course. After making reasonable allowances the sport was admirably conducted, and the wallaby made splendid game. Second Tie—Waterloo Cup.—For convenience sake we present at the opening to the second day's proceeding the full scores, although three days were spent in perfecting them. The first run off on the second day was between Mars and Maude, in which Mr. McLeod's deity was the victor; then followed short course between Banjo, a powerful animal, trained to a perfect picture, and the pretty little Jet. Mr. Fagan's pet gaw the wallaby but a short shrift, killing without a double. War Eagle, a well-trained courser, gained a decisive victory over Lubra. Sampler and Meg Dodds had a glorious trip into open country. Meg overran the game first, but lost her advantage in the turn; Sampler seized it, and shortly afterwards laid the prey liars de combat. Bluebell, late Princess, led off at a splitting pace in the next course, but turned the wallaby over to Dora. She failed to realize the position, and after three or four well-meant attempts, resigned in her colleague's favour. A slight change in ground was now made, and a rougher country had to be accepted. The first course here was between Fairy and Snip, who ran up on the level, but parted company at the double, the latter being the winner. A very pretty run ensued between Planet and Trimbush. The wandering star shot out at a tremendous pace, but Mr. Riddoch's dog kept strictly on the watch, and by judicious short cuts (evidencing his careful training) he secured the kilL One of the most interesting courses of the day followed between the veteran Jason and Mr. Fagan's Fly. Both were fit, and the beaters supplied them with livejy sport. The dogs scoured over the plain, heading each other by turns until at last the game took to some short grass, and numbers of the onlookers regarding this as cover gave the palm to Fly, who was heading, on entering. The Judge, however, had a different opinion, and following close up at the kill gave the fiat for Jason. Considerable dissatisfaction was expressed in son^e quarters by this verdict, andj as will be seen further on, it resulted in a protest, The next was a pretty course between Janitor and Trump, who kept together well and hunted the wallaby up hill and down dale until Janitor claimed and received the award. Third Tie—Waterloo Cup.—Banjo entirely took the shine out of Mars in the first course. The wallaby headed over a bank, and then skipped along at the bottom of it, but was overtaken and killed before Mars came up. Blue Belle ai^d War Eaglg had the next spin, and were led over precisely the same track as their predecessors. The Belle was swiftest, but in grasping the wallaby overbalanced herself; War Eagle immediately seized the opportunity and made the best of it in a fruitless attempt to retrieve lost ground. Belle was declared winner. Snip and s Sampler next had a short set-to, but the subtle game contrived to elude them and escape. In the next course Sampler had all the advantage of strength and speed, but i is nimble opponent slipped in and snatched the laurels away in the nick of time. Jason and Trimbush took the next run, and the balance was for some time even, principally on account of the arrant dodgery of the timid fugitive. Jason, however, succeeded in bringing him to his bearings and throwing out of the sport a very trim courser. Janitor wound up by running a bye. The first ties for the Waterloo Plate were run during the day, and made capital sport. A little inconvenience was caused by a wire fence, but the spectators, who by the way numbered several hundreds, entered into the thing with preat gusto, and the courses were quickly decided. THE DINNER. On tbe evening of Thursday a dinner took place at Johnson's Commercial Hotel, Kincraig. There were from fifty to sixty present, and arrangements had been made on an abundant scale. The room, too, was gaily ornamented with banners, devices, and flowers. Mr. H. Jones, of Binnum Binnum, presided, supported by His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Aide-de-Camp, (Mr. Morris), Mr. Riddoch, Mr. E. M. Young, and other gentlemen. The CHAIBIIAN after dinner gave "The Queen and the rest of the Royal Family," which was drunk with cheers. He then gave "The Health of His Excellency," and remarked that it did not require any oratorical powers on bis part to commend the subject of the toast, for he was quite satisfied they would receive it with the greatest zest. It was the "Governor of the Colony" who had won them with his presence. (Bear, hear.) Amongst his high attributes, it was pleasure to him and all present that he was a sportsman. (Cheers.) He should not dilate upon his good qualities, but simply give them the toast. (Applause.) Drunk with great cheering. His EXCELLENCY replied—Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen—I thank you very heartily for the most cordial manner in which you nave been pleased to receive the toast of my health, and your Chairman has paid me the great compliment in not iving reasons why the toast should be honoured, f am quite aware I must attribute the plain, unvarnished delivery of the toast to that well-known loyalty which always is shown in giving Her Majesty's representatives the utmost honour; but I take it as a personal compliment to myself that I am so well known already among friends in the South-East that I need no recommendation. (Applause.) I am happy to see here to-day many gentlemen whose acquaintance I have had the honour to make before coming to the E juth-Eas* and I trust that this visit and others which it may be in my power to make will complete a better acquaintance, so that I shall need no introduction at all, (Cheers.) I come, gentlemen, with great interest to see this part <.f South Australia, knowing as I do by figures—much more eloquent than any other facts—how great an attraction to purchasers of land this pait of the colony has proved. (Applause.) I am glad to know from friends of my own that there is a great deal of solid prosperity here; and that, even in spite of the bad times, the inhabitants of the South-East are Btill able to hold their heads above water; and I am very happy to hear from a gentleman whose very intimate acquaintance I was able to make through accompaniyng him in my outward voyage—Dr. Browne, of Mount Gambier—that he had never seen South Australia in a state exhibiting more solid prosperity and progress. He told me, the day he sailed for England, that be went home with that opinion, and that he was very happy to assure me of that being the case. Well, gentlemen, I shall see more of this district in a few days. At present I have only seen a particularly ugly and disagreeable part of the district between Lacepede Bay and Narracoorte. which I am quite sure is by no means a fair specimen of the South-East. I have enjoyed my visit to the South-East in another view, and that is in reference to the extreme good-fellowship with which its inhabitants come together to meet in a friendly way, putting aside their little difl'erences, if they have any, and only vieing with each other in contributing to the common good-feeling and amusement. (Applause.) If it was, as I have no doubt is the case, a fair specimen of the inhabitants of the South-East that assembled to-day, all I can say is it must be a very pleasant place in which to spend one's life. (A laugh.) am anxious to leave as good an impression as I can, and knowing that the better half of the papulation—the ladies—have no part in this entertainment but are looking forward to spend the evening more pleasantly at a later hour, I shall not render myself liable to the charge of having detained you one moment longer from that pleasant and agreeable part of our amusement. So I sit ("own, only thanking you and trusting that you will not doubt my appreciation of the heartiness of vour reception of me on this occasion. (Loud and contined cheering.) Scotch song, Mr. JAMES AFFLECK—" Barring of the door." Mr. T.HINCKLEY was sure of af avourable reception for the next toast, as it was connected with the prosperity of the colony; it was " The Parliament of South Australia." Intimately acquainted as he had been for some twenty years with the various Parliaments of South Australia, he thought that the Parliament of this colony would compare favourably with that of any other. On a recent visit to Adelaide he had been much struck with the earnestness that appeared to characterize the debates in the House of Assembly, and he believed there was a large amount of real interest in the welfare of the colony felt by the House, and strong desire shown to carry on the business in a proper way. There was one sore point, and that was with reference to the voting of money. Under the present arrangements, or general scramble aflair, this part of the business is done in great measure by log-rolling, and as more logs require rolling in Adelaide than elsewhere, they got that done for them, whereas the South-East was unable to get its logs rolled, and he feared there never woujd so long as the present plan of voting monev forpublic works was carried ou. In the earliest days of the colony it was practically necessary that the Government should carry on works of nearly every description. There were no local institutions, and perhaps the colony was scarcely prepared to make use of them if they had been placed at its dispsal, but since that time District Councils and other institutions had spread themselves over the country, and he considered that it would be admitted that they had not abused the trust placed in their hands. It seemed to him that the central Parliament was intended to take cognizance of general matters, leaving details of expenditure on public works after the principle ,had been once regulated by Act to the various districts. With regard to this particular district. I think it has contributed something above one million Stirling the revenue from sales of land and so forth. (Hear, t 0 hear.) In return for that he believed after swelling the amount in every possible way, even bringing in lighthouses, there had been expended less than £150,000. He submitted that as individuals they were equally entitled to a fair share of the revenue and moneys available for expenditure as any other portion of South Australia. They were all equally shareholders in the colony. If the National Bank were to pass a resolution that all the dividends shoul'.l go to the Adelaide shareholders and none to outsiders, that would bo considered scarcely fair. His own view was that the time had arrived for the Government to place the control of the public works whatever they might be in the shape of means of communication in a great measure under local management, and 1 think if a system of wards was adopted, and a ledger account kept of the revenue of each it would be very desirable. That district should be divided into seven Wards, embracing the whole area of the South-East, and a certain amount proportioned to revenue be assigned to each. This would be much better than having the whole district at the mercy of any Government in power. He believed that this year the South- East would contribute something like £150,000 to the land revenue, and in return for that the Government had placed at the disposal of that ghost of a body, the Road Board, £9,000. It was futile too to go the Government for spec a grants for the district if they could not • adopt a system by which the revenue would lie secured to the district. It had been proposed eighteen years ago that the colony should be divided into eighteen shires and Councils, and that there should be a Board composed of the Chairmen of the Councils to act as a superior authority over them. He thought a good idea that whenever it was proposed to establish railways or other public works the people should be called upon to contribute something as a guarantee that the works were necessary. The maintenance of roads was a subject that must occupy the attention of the Legislature at a very early period, and all the suggestions made were for the Parliament to consider. He had pleasure in proposing the toast, coupling with it the Commissioner of (iown Lands and Mr. Riddoch. (Drunk with cheers.) .The Hon. W. CAVENAGH certainly thought the district might have come nearer home than have set him down to respond. Were Mr. Riddoch in his district he should not think of asking him to respond for the Parliament In a meeting like the present, which was purely for sporting purposes, he did not see the use of going into politics. (Cheers ) They had come there on purpose to celebrate the Waterloo meeting, and he believed there were many gentlemen present who would rather be over the way dancing than listening to anything he could say. (Cheers.) The Parliament had onerous duties to perform, and if they committed errors, those errors were of the judgment, and not of intention. (Loud applause.) His EXOELLENCT said— Mr. Chairman and gentlemen—I have been asked to propose a toast which it gives me very much pleasure to have p aced in my hands. As Mr. Cavenagh has reminded vou, the meeting was for sporting purposes. They were met there specially to join in the Waterloo Coursing Meeting. It is my first introduction to coursing in South Australia, and I am not much known in the coursing world at home, but as regards the coursing, all I can say is the opinions around me to-day seemed to be, on the whole, that we were having very good sport. It seemed to me many of the runs were very good, The dogs were extremely fine animals, and showed that breeding, at all events, does not fall off' in this climate. It seemed to me that the game were more active on their legs than tbe hares we are familiar with at home, and put the dogs on their best mettle. I am not qualified to pass critical opinion on the sport; but an event which brings so many people together in hearty good humour, and keeps them on the tiptoe of pleasure all the day, must be an advantage to the district and the colony. I for one have been happy to take nart in the proceeding and I shall be glad if I can ao so again. (Applause.) And, gentlemen, may I be allowed to compliment those taking part in the meeting to-day on the extraordinary good order that was kept. You have a most efficient President, who gave his orders, and was obeyed in a manner which did great credit to the numerous party around him. Until well after lunch I could perceive no erratic symptoms at all on the part of those concerned, nor did any little aberrations in a later period of the day seem to produce any evil effects I think you are most fortunate in having a Secretary who understands his business so well as Mr. Connor appears to do, for I know enough from meetings of a similar kind to understand how many arranaements have to be foreseen, which, unless provided for. will not fail to ensure an unhappy result; and nothing was wanting in the choice of the ground or in other arrangements to secure on the whole a successful meeting. Although it is impossible for a Judge to please more than one of the parties principally interested, yet the decisions apnpeared to give general satisfaction to the bystanders. _I ask you to join in drinking "Success to the Inarracoorta Coursing Club, aad especially to its Secretary, Mr. Connor." The toast was drunk with cheers. Song, Mr. PARK LACBIE—"Happy be thy Dreams." Mr. CONNOR, had frequently had to respond for the Narracoorte Coursing Club, and he must use very much tbe same words as he had done before. It was a little over two years since the Club was established, and it was at that time little thought that within so short a period they would have 36 dogs entered, and such a gathering of people at their meeting, besides having the patronage of the Governor of the colony. It is a perfectly new institution in this country, and it is very often thought by those ignorant of the snort that the very object of it was defeated. Three-fourths of the population, if you showed them two dogs running together, if one dog did nothing hut kill the game, he would say it was the best, and therefore there was a great difficulty in establishing oublic coursin?, ieeins that in three out of each four times the prize is awarded to the dog that has done the least. This Club bad prospered, and, considering all the circumstances, he believed that still better times were in store for it. Better order would be kept when the thing got to be well understood, for it had many advantages over its great and more expensive rival, hoi^eracing. Many people of moderate means could embark in this enterprise who could not in racing. He did not depreciate hoise racing, but both sports would harmonize and come in well together. He thanked them on behalf the Club for the toast He believed it would do its best to merit patronage and to provide good ground for the trials. Of course a certain number of dogs would lose, but the losers should strive to win next time. He was satisfied the officers had striven to do their best on this occasion. Mr. ATTIWELL was not at all prepared to speak at length on the toast he had to propose—"The Coramercia , Agricultural and Pastoral Interests." There 1 were reDresentatives of each of those [classes who probably knew more of them than he could tell them. He was connected with one, but was not ready with facia and figures even so far as that was concerned. The commercial interest at Para had suffered from the general depression, but he trusted that the bad times were nearly gone, and that the good times were coming on. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN proposed, "The Health of Lady Edith Fergusson. and the Ladies of South Australi?." and expressed his regret that Lady Edith was not present He booed the South-East mi?ht vet have the honour o» a visit from Her Ladyshin. ?|Mr. iiOEBis briefly and appropriately returned thanks. Mr. RIDDOCH, plimentary terms. M.P., gave "The Press" in com- Mr. J. iJ. FINLAYSON, of theBegister, generally, and Mr. W. E. E. Coles, a resident responded for the Advertiser. His EXCELLENCY "proposed the health of "Mr. Jones, their Chairman," and remarked that Lady Edith regretted greatly not being able to accompany him, but she had not been very well lately, and certainly was unfit for the journey, over the beautiful country t otween Lacepede Bay and Narracoorte. (A laugh.) As soon as she could she would pay the district a visit. It was not necessary to speak of the good qualities of the Chairman; but he could peuonally testify to his anxiety to render the sports a success. He aclced them to drink the toast with three times three. This call was heartily responded to. The CHAIBHAN expressed ,very great gratification at the eulogium passed by His Excellency upon him, coming, as it did, from such an excellent judge. If he could do anything to add to the conviviality of the district his services were at its disDosaL The meeting dispersed before half past 9 o'clock. THE BALL. The second ball connected with the coursing matches took place on the evening of Thursday in the large room of Mrs, Macdonald's Narracoorte Hotel. The floor was excellent condition for dancing, the refreshments were unexceptionable, and there iresent just a sufficient number of people to ie able thoroughly to enjoy themselves. EEs Excellency and a number of local magnates were present, and pleasure reigned supreme until 3 or 4 o'clock in the inorning. THE CQUBSING. —-THERB DAY. The final ties were ran off on Friday on the Moyhall Run as before. Although the company was not so large as on former occasions, the intense interest felt in the result of the trials had the effect of attracting good muster of the most enthusiastic amongst the sportsmen- During the previous evening there was a good deal of activity in the betting-market, but it principally consisted in backing a favourite dog to the extent of a few notes. Two or three of the Victorian sporting-men succeeded well in keeping up the excitement, and as a consequence numbers of those who attended on the deciding-day had more than a general interest in the issue of the contest. Some capital coursing country was opened out, and the wallabies answered well to the draw. After a stoutly- contested struggle the Cup fell to Mr. H. Jones, on account af his fine dog Jason. This is the second time that the argonautic leader has been tin the front ranks at the final course, having last year divided with Mr. Johnson. His age now is only four months beyond two years, and he is of splendid pedigree, owing, as he does, Spring for his sire, and Fly, out of a dog imported by Mr. Seymour, of Victoria, for his mother. Banjo, the runner up, was in magnificent form, and had evidently been nurtured with the tenderest care by Mr. Fagan, both of whose dogs were brought to courae in admirable condition. Banjo ran no less than five heavy courses, and it was an untoward fate that prevented his final victory after fighting so gallantly. The only consolation for him consists in the knowledge that he had a powerful antagonist. As it was, the triumph of Jason was unmistakeable. The Waterloo Plate also fell to the share of a South Australian, Mr. Robinson, who was hard pressed by Fly up till the last moment. The Victorian dogs, for all that, made a nice show, and many of them exhibited marks of breeding which will be of uce to them hereafter. The sport in the field finally closed between 4 and 5 o'clock, and thus was brought to a close a highly successful meet' ing—one on which the district has great reason to plume itself, for the double reason that it had been honoured with so many distinguished guests, and that it has succeeded in keeping the stakes at home. THE SETTLING, Not quite brought to a conclusion either, for the settling took plaoe at the Commercial Hotel on Friday evening. Preliminary to the more formal proceedings, a lively and at times acrimonious debate occurred between Mr. Fagan and the Judge. Each side had its supporters, and the game was kept alive until it resulted in two formal protests, entered by Banjo's owner, who, generally noted fer the equanimity with which he can pocket a loss, was naturally aggrieved at the ill fortune of his stock. The protests read thus:— "No. 1. To the Stewards of the Narracoorte Coursing Hub. Gentlemen—I object to the stakes being paid over to Jason as winner of the Waterloo Cup, on the ground that he (Jason) ran two natural byes in the stake, which disqualifies him from receiving the prize. I having won all the courses with my dog Banjo, I claim the stakes.—W. H. Fagan. "No. 2. Gentlemen—I object to the stakes being paid over to Jason on tbe ground that he did not beat Fly in his second course for the Waterloo Cup, as in all the other cases the verdict was given when the dog went to cover.—W. H. FAGAN." Mr. Jones, as being interested in the issue of the protests, declined to sit to adjudicate, and the Stewards, after a very careful examination of the facts as gathered from independent sources, reached the following conclusions :— " At a meeting held by the Stewards it was reresolved that, with regard to protest No. 1, that Mr. Fagan having made a similar protest on the ground, and prior to the race when called before the Stewards having withdrawn that protest the Stewards cannot entertain a similar protest after the race has been run. "With regard to protest No. 2, it was resolvpd that the Stewards see no reason for interfering with the Judge's decision." This verdict was duly reported and favourably received by the large crowd of persons present. An adjournment then took place into the large room of the hotel for the settling. Mr. H. Jones, President, occupied the chair; and Mr. Connor, the Judge, reported as follows:—" The Waterloo Cup.— Mr. Jones, I have now to hand over to you the sum of £90—£80 for the winner of the Cup, and £10 for the dog that won the extra course the previous tie; to Mr. Fagan, as the runner up for the Waterloo Cup, with £25; to Princess's and Snip's owners, £7 10s. each; to Sampler's owner, £5 each; to War Eagle's, £5; to Trimbush's, £5. Ajid now for the Plate.—To Mr. Robertson's Rosamond, as winner, I have te hand over £15; to Fly, as runner up, £10; and to Lady, £5." This part of the business completed, and the settling satisfactorily accomplished, the liquor was circulated freely, and the conviviality ef the evening commenced. Mr. T. HINCKLEY proposed " The Winner of the Waterloo Cup." (Cheers.) The result ol the three days coursing seemed to him most satisfactory. There had been fine weather, the ^ogs had mn well, and it was a gratifying fact that the same doAs that got the best of it last year had come together and raced to the deciding tie. He considered that the decision which had been arrived ft m that case should be satisfactory to everybody; and it was no slight honour for the owner of the Waterloo Cuo to have taken the prize against such gcod competitors. Mr. JONES Baid their worthy Governor had told them that he entered the district at the back door, and he would commence his speech at what was properly the finish. The dogs that he had run during the meeting were not his, but his sons', and anything accruing from the sport belonged to tnem. It was gratifying to him that they were winners, and he was proud to be placed in the position he occupied. For two successive years he had contested the Cup, and as he had come off victorious in both, they must agree that he had reason to be proud of his dogs. Their breeding he knew to be unexceptionable. The slut was imported by a person who gave her to him as being equal, if not superior, to anything in the world. The sire he bsheved to be of very high breeding, and the proceedings of that day had shown their excellence, for it was impossible that he could have otherwise competed successfully against such a magnificent dog as Banjo. He had csen particularly desirous that Banjo's oraer should leave bim in the district to improve the breed of their dogs, the superiority of which had been proved by their beatm? representatives from the other coloaies. Facts had proved that their breed vzas superior to anything in the colonies. He said this without detriment to Banjo, for he repeated that a more magnificent dog he had never seen iun upon a course. As he had succeeded so fa; himself he would mention a small scheme which had suggested itself to him. It was his intention to retain Jason, and any one who chose to send a slut there the charge would be £3, of which £2 should go into the bank, and one should go to him to pay expenses. Before the dogs got by him exceeded two years in age he would nave them i an in a produce stake, the entries being confined to such as the Committee of the Coursing Club thought proper. If gentlemen sent their sluts a breed of dogs would be raised similar in quality of blood, and the stake would soon mount up to a considerable sum. His object was not only to conduce to the interests of the Club, but to the improvement of the breed. He might perhaps, bs accused of a little egotism, but he could not plead guilty to the charge. Having been the winner of the Cup for ti70 yeare —the winner this year, and having the dog that divided stakes vrith Mr. Johnson last year—he was justified in the obseivatioiis he had made. He returned hearty thanks for the honour which had been done to himself and to his children and to their dogs. Mr. SINGLETON proposed "The runner up of the Cup, Mr. Fagan." He had been here last year, and in order to come up had without question been put to heavy expense. He had said that he intended being up again, and he had come, and had maintained the position he had taken last yearmore _ than that, he had come quite up to the deciding point He was a thorough sportsman— (Applause)—and he hoped that next time better success would attend him, for any one coming from Melbourne was worthy of a good Btake. ft wr-s an extraordinary fact that the aogs had come together at the close on both occasions. (Cheers.) Mr. FAGiN, in replying, contradicted Mr. Jenes's statement as to the superiority of his dogs over all others in the colony, for he was prepared to run either of his dogs with Banjo, notwithstanding the fact that he had his toe claw of£ for £20, the money to be given to any charitable institution in Narracoorte that Mr. Jones might name. (Applause.) He did not deny that he had had very bad luck; but his dog had run five courses, which was more than any other do<* had run, and he had led up to his game every time—(" No, not the last'") —therefore he could not see that he was inferior to any dog. (Mr .Connor—"He is the best dog I ever saw on the ground.") He emphatically denied that Jason was the best dog, and was ready to prove it over any ground for nothing. Last year nis dog was out of condition. He had bad luck, and he took his beating as well as man could, and he got credit for it. He wished now to uphold the character o; his dog by running for a trophy. At the wind-up that day he would have won, but his dog had a fall. He should like to make a pool, to include Janitor, Fly, Jason, and Banjo, for £5, £10, £15, or £?3, the winner to take the money and pay £25 to a charitable institution. (Applause.) Mr, JONES felt if he took up the challenge that he would be jeopardizing the character of his dog, who had been hurt by having a horse tread upon him, causing a delay in training of from seven to nine days. He had never been in condition to run ata these couises. As to Janitor, he had been injured whilst coursing the ptevious day, and he was not going to jeopardize the position of his dogs. Mr. FAOIN gave "The Losers," which was warmly received. Mr. JONES proposed " The Health of the Judge," It was mainly through Mr. Connor that the meeting had been got up; but for his exertions he would not now have that extra cheque for £90 in his pocket He considered the benefit of the courses to the township were incalculable, for the people came and lavished their money away in it to a great extent. Every sportsman would look up to Mr. Connor with reverence, and the cool and quiet manner in which, under the most trying circumstances, he had performed his duties reflected the greatest credit upon him. (Applause). Drunk with three hearcy cheers. Mr. CONNOB said the toast was a usual one, and he was sure that several who had honoured it did not agree in the sentiment proposed. He certainly had established the Club. He was bv.t a working man, depending upon his own exertions for his bread, ana yet he had done what he could on bshalf of the Club. In connection with this last meeting he had sent 760 letters. Last meeting he was £17 out of pocket in money, and be expected he would have to make up something this year also. The difficulty here was to deal with men who did not understand much if anything of coursing. He had striven hard to give only such decisions as were righteous and just. He might be wrong, but he knew from experience that it was impossible to make out the winner unless the dogs were followed up closely. There was one case that day where he had declined to give a decision because he was not sure. If he had been able to get a man for Judge in whom he thought the public would have had confidence, he would willingly have relinquished the post for he had had an offer from Mi. Johnson to put Black Eagle and Black Adder in training; but he could not have felt satisfied to allow their perfoimances to be judged by one who did not understand the work. It was always the case that decisions were doubted; but in England that waB done silently, whereas here it was made public. If. however, he had said a single bad word against any one during the meeting, he humbly apologized, and he forgave any one who had spoken bitterly of him. He had to complain of little assistance being rendered him in the beating, except by Mr. Grieves and Mr. Lyon. He, however, considered the meeting a great success, and he only regretted that those who had come from a distance had not been more fortunate. He should always like to see the poor man who wanted the money win, but he could Dot outstep the strict limits of his duty to produce such a result. (Applause.) Mr. JONES gave "The Health of Mr. Robertson, of Moyhll," on whose purchased land the chief part of the coursing had been carried on. The toast was drunk with cheers, after which a number of toasts and sentiments were given, and the evening was spent very agreeably. VISIT TO THE, CAVES. Among the most attractive items on the viceregal programme was a visit to the Caves on Mosquito Plains. These magnificent natural excavations have been the source of delight to thousands of tourists, and they form a speciality in South-Eastern scenery which no distinguished visitor is permitted to leave unseen. For the nonce, then, His Excellency put coursing out of the question, and a party of a hundred or two set out from Narracoorte shortly after 11 o'clock to spend an hour or two in the "autres vast." A portion of these took the main road, but the rest, comprising 40 or 50 horsemen and one equestrienne, who has been long noted as the model of a fearless rider, took a short cut across country. Extensive tracts of land timbered with honeysuckle and sheaoak, with an underwood of fern delightfully refreshing to the eye in its intense greeness, led on to stretches of undulating ground with occasional patches of open country. At first the cavalcade pursued a trespass track across Mr. Magarey's property, but having once crossed this they dashed along over territory comprised in the agricultural area of Morambro. The soil for hundreds of acres seemed full ready to blush a plentiful harvest to the slightest coaxing from the farmer. Much of it is composed of rich black loam, and so entirely has it won upon the good opinion of the Survey Department, that provision has been made for cutting it up into five-acre allotments, commonly known as suburban blocks.. It is unfortunate that the suburbs should be separated from the township by a belt of private land; but perchance the proprietor will, at some future date, generously dedicate it to the residents as a park. Over these embiyo gardens, orchards, and villa sites, we cantered until on reaching a clearing a splendid wallaby was started. Off started some halfdozen dogs in hot pursuit, and without need of prompting off plunged thehorses in their wake. The game was well up to the work, but after dodging and fretting the dogs in right valiWt style over a long course, he camly resigned himself to the inevitable and yielded his trophy. Without further incident the mouth of the caves was reached. The grass, which in this particular latitude is wofnlly shortlived, had not begun to disappear, and therefore formed a pleasing variety in a superficial landscape which, in ordinary times, is more rugged than picturesque. Before long some 300 whites had gathered to witness the unprecedented flight of a Governor in the caverns. A short half hour was spent in visiting backdoor entrances and acquiring an acquaintance with the physical features of the place; butthiBinspection was cut short by an extensive group of kangaroos who came on the ground in an easy trot. They were forthwith challenged by the dogs, and a hurryskurry ensued, in which jumping horses were generally the gainers. One or two of the gang, however, obligingly came to grief, and the excited foot sportsmen feasted their eyes on the progtrate {marsupials, until it was announced that the caves were ready to be examined. Down the] narrow opening score after score of ladies and gentlemen passed; but their number filled a very inappreciable corner in the huge antechamber. On advancing further, the order was given to form a ring at the entrance to the inner hall, and an "unco' sight" was revealed. Candles in hundreds adorned the stalagmites, hung from the stalactites, and occupied the heights and depths in all directions. The spacious vaults^ with their winding aides, usually gloomy m their very greatness, were illuminated, not radiantly—for sperm was not equal to the emergency—but with that "mm religious light" which so well befitted this great natural temple. In an instant fifty or sixty dusky forma, grotesquely painted and flounced as to the ankles, with green leaves, and arranged'as to other parts of the body in strict de&ihibiUt; were revealed in one of the recesses. With a succession of sounds like a suppressed locomotive engine, thirty of these sprung to to their feet, and commenced that curious ceremony known as a "Corroboree." Perhaps it scarcely consisted with Teutonic notions to have such an exhibition prese but with the blackfellows' views nothing could be more appropriate than this conjunction. However, the pantings and contortions, the genuflexions, gesturing and posturing did:> not last long, but whilst they were proceed- '• ing, Jacky, the aboriginal sovereign, was duly introduced to Sir James Fergusson—an honour which he evidently thought he was entitled to. The corroboree over the darkies clambered up the rocks, and following the example of one of their number, the native artist who had held possession of a prominent stalagmite during the earlier proceedings, ranged themselves wherever they could mid a spot to show off their figures. Hie party then inspected a few of the subterranean adits and the never-to-be- forgotten cave of the fossilized skeleton, and then retired once more to the antechamber, where a substantial luncheon had been provided by the Committee, whose exertions to make the trip agreeable' to all concerned were deserving of all praise, and received the unqualified commendation of. His Excellency, who expressed himself greatly delighted with what he had seen.. The spoils of another well-fought fray aire now added to those of the friends of a certain Commissioner, who in times of yore made a short sojourn at this spot. Under the influence of sharply-whetted appetites, the eatables soon disappeared, and after a few minutes spent in social chat, the whole party: returned to the inner cave, where a new surprise awaited them, the entire vault being lit up with blue lights. This spectacle over, His Excellency and his numerous retinae emerged into the light of day, pleased witn what still remained to be seen, but regretting thatsacrilegioushandflhaddeprivedfchefretted roof of many of its choicest ornaments, and substituted in their stead their own smokeinscribed names as a perpetual monument of their wanton stupidity and total incapacity to appreciate so beautiful and enduring a sample of nature's handiwork. The ; Government have reserved the land' around the caves (it is to hoped they have taken enough of it, for its selling value is very low), ahd^t is earnestly to be hoped that they wall take some efficient means for checking such acts of vandalism. A very gay scene was presented as the visitors drew out upon the slope, and it was remarked by many well informed on the subject that never before had so large and distingue a company been gathered at-rae time on a visit to this charming place. As His Excellency rode off on his way to Mr. A. Smith's, where he had appointed to pass the night, three hearty cheers were given for him, which were gracefully acknowledged. On Saturday he left Mr. Smith's, and set out for Penola, calling on theipay. at Mr. Robertson's for luncheon. THE NEW KAILWAY TAHIFF.—Our Stockport letter says:—" Many people are looking .into the new tariff of the Government on the railway lines. Some are a little sceptical about the benefit likely to accrue. Carriage is proportionately lower the longer the distance, and the haulage of special classes of goods is there given-eight miles at per ton 2Jd. per mile; 15 miles at per ton 2d. per mile: or 25 miles at per ton a fraction below 2d. 8o far so good; but every additional mile thereafter is 3d. per ton per mile. This is quite inexplicable. Again, if a consignor, who may live a considerable distance from a station, sends his servants with instructions to load his goods into the trucks, and if, as it often has been the case, no trucka'are at hand, must the servant remain till trucks are procured, or house his master's goods eoninry to crders, and pay costs and charges thereon , ad interim ?" 