THE PERIPATETIC PHILO- SOPHER. "Quidquid agunt homines votum timor ira voluptas Gaudia discursus, nostri est farrago libelli." —JUVENAL. If you expect anything good from me this week you are very much mistaken. I am in a bad humour. I have been, in my opinion, very unjustly used. You know I have not always been poor, and ragged, and miserable, in point of fact [as indeed I have always rammed down your throat whenever I had an opportunity.] I have been highly respected, and even wealthy and rich once upon a time, therefore it is a source of great annoyance to to me to be interfered with. The police,who are tolerable fellows in the main, have thought fit to come down and dispossess me of my gas- pipe. The paltry excuse they made is this miserable murder in the swamp. I don't see why a murder or two the other side of the river should cause me to be dismissed into space in this way, more esp- cially as I had just made my pipe all snug for the winter, and stopped up that crack at the N.E. by E. end which gave me neuralgia. I think that the police are interfering with the liberty of the subject. A man can get no peace at all. I suppose that there must be some object in it, because a detective is usually a man of rare but oft misdirected abilities, but I don't see why he should come down to the wharf and disturb my philosophic repose in order to gratify some ridiculous pre- judice in favour of justice. He has not been here long, but let him at this critical epoch of his career beware, lest in pandering to the passions of the thoughtless, he may lose the respect of the profound. There has been a good deal about murder lately. I confess it is a fascinating theme for me. Didn't Byron say that he wished that womenkind had but "One rosy mouth, That he might kiss them all from north to south !" I think he did. But though this lip-service might be useful, as saving trouble, still I do not hold the notion in half the esteem that I do that of the savage Emperor, who wished that his enemies had but one neck that he might kill them at a blow. This is a magnificent idea ! Fancy murdering " all creation !" The thing is barbarously beautiful, like an unwashed cherub, but for the real purposes of revenge, murder is most inadequate. There seems just now to be a mania for slaughter — a blood-fever which makes men desire to com- mit crime, and I should wish to point calmly and dispassionately to those about to murder, that they are doing a very silly and ridiculous action. If their object is revenge, then, as I said before, knocking the human creature on the head, and so battering his humanity out of him, is a most preposterous thing. You render your enemy a mere clod, a thing devoid of sensation, a lump of human dough that all the thumpings in the world can never knead into agony. Now, if you want to gratify that very noble passion of revenge — you must go to work in a scientific and intelligent manner. Don't kill your enemy — any beast could do as much. What do you suppose your intellects were given to you for, eh ? Just set to work and find out his pet vanity — every man has one — and then touch him through it. For instance, is be disposed to think himself clever ?— set traps for him, entangle him in his talk, and cover him with shame. Is he vain of his person and manners ?— lose no opportunity of ridiculing him. Is he fond of money ? — en- gage him in speculation and ruin him. Is he passionately fond of his wife ? — [No, don't run away with her,— that's a nuisance] con- trive that he shall always appear before her in ridiculous positions, that she shall laugh at him, and finally despise him, and let him see it. Is there any portion or passage of his life which he would fain hide from the world ?— drag it up, and brandish it in his face. In fact, apply to him the mental instead of the physical tor- ture. In these days of modern civilisation, we live in thinking more than in doing, and the absolute pain of death is nothing to the long slow agony of mind produced by a skil- ful revenge of this sort. And then, at last if you are very bloodthirsty, you can adopt the glorious Christian system of forgiveness, and heap coals of fire on him. When you have artfully reft from him his social position, his valued affection, his money, his respect, and almost his vanity, then, with Christian smile, go out and take him ostentatiously by the hand, and feed and clothe and honour him. And the world will cry, " How generous ! how kind !" and your enemy will writhe and twist and groan upon the delicious bed of burning coals upon which your kindness shall have stretched him. Perhaps, indeed, his misery may drive him to suicide, and then, if you are clever, you can cast everlasting shame upon his memory, and perhaps succeed in branding his children with the curse of " hereditary insanity." Do you see ? That is " revenge." Knocking a silly booby on the costard is not revenge, it's only murder, for which you are liable to be hung. So let me persuade you, my friends, to give up murder — that is as means of injury [as an article of sensational luxe it is admirable, as I said before], and work out your own happiness in the manner which I have suggested. But you may argue with some degree of sense, that a moral murder of this sort requires the possession of peculiar talents. So it does ; and if you do not possess tbem, I suppose that you must jog on in the old-fashioned road. It is curious to notice what may be termed the coincidence of crime. It was remarked the other day that the two notable crimes here — to wit, the swamp murder, and the killing of the Rev. Mr. Hill — have been paralleled in New South Wales by two occurrences precisely similar. A woman of the same class as Bridget Lynch was strangled in Sydney, and an attack of the. same ferocious and objectless nature as that made upon Mr. Hill, was made upon a gaoler by a convict in tbe prison at Windsor. Of course there can be no con- nexion between the four offences. Reason scorns it, and logic laughs at the supposition ; but the accident of coincidence, arising from some cause altogether outside the ordinary rules whioh seem to govern events, is one which is ever palatable to the popular mind. The appetite for the marvellous demands a supernatural explanation of events which seem to be out of the course of nature, hence the wondrous ghost stories, warnings, predic- tions, fortune-tellings, and the like. But an imaginative mind with a logical turn is a terrible thing. It leads a man into an abyss of conjecture, in which his wearied intellect can find no rest for the sole of its foot. Such a mind as this had that brilliant bundle of con- tradiction – Edgar Allan Poe, With him all nature was a terrible riddle, which he was bound to solve ; all the universe a huge sphinx, demanding reasons or life. He was endowed with an unhappy excess of that faculty which is the mainspring of all wit, and humour, and poetry – the faculty of seeing the analogy of things. A French- man, whose name I forget,says that there is some connexion between every circumstance, word, thought, in the world, and that what men call intellect is the faculty of appreciat- ing that connexion. To seize the clue which runs through the labyrinth of human event was Poe's dream. He notices the very circumstantial coincidence to which I have just alluded in a quaint story but little known, de- tailing the history of two persons, named Oldeb and Bedlo, who had never met, never communicated, never heard of each other, and whose lives, by a series of most natural cir- cumstances, were made exactly similar, and who became precise counterfeits of each other. It would be interesting to trace back the past lives of the brace of murderers, and see by what different paths they both reached the same goal at the same time, in the same manner. The old axiom that men are the slaves of circumstances is to a great extent true. How we would both stare, reader, if we could trace, each for the other, the many " accidents" which have led me to write these lines, and you to read them ! To come back to earth again. What about sixpenny dinners and preserved meat ? that is the point which I should like to enlarge upon. I suppose you are aware, or if you are not aware I will inform you, that at the present time there are but two public places where you can dine really well — that is to say, with white cloth, silver, glass, and servants. Those two places, moreover, are two private clubs, and are to the majority of stomach-carrying animals inaccessible. When I mean a good dinner, you understand that I mean a good dinner, and not a collection of greased meats with French names. But the poor hungry being who has not right of entry into either of these places, and does not know where to dine, is forced to accept hotel-hospi- tality, and feed either at Menzies', Scott's, or the Port Phillip. He gets a very good dinner there, granted, but this method of life is unsatisfactory. Descend lower in the social scale and you find that "dinner" is a hollow mockery. It is'nt known. The word has lost its mean- ing. I, for instance, who live as cheaply as I can, usually go to that small club of which I spoke before, and at which poverty and rags are not considered the extreme evil. There I "stoke" myself — I can't call it dining — with a steak, or a chop, interspersed with huge hunks of bread, and washed down with enormous bowls of tea. For this replenishment of my mental boiler I pay 1s. 6d. At other times I go to my sixpenny dining-rooms, and take in fuel there. I get Irish stew, beef, mutton, and pork, together with bread and potatoes, for 6d., liquor of any kind being 3d. extra. Here is a " feed," you see, for 9d. But the place is very dirty, and the company not very select. I prefer the club. Before I was earn- ing any money by writing this rubbish (funny occupation for an intellectual being, isn't it ?) I used to subsist upon pies and stray " shouts." Indeed, I was so largely in debt to a benevolent Jew, who lent me moneys from time to time, that for nearly twelve months I was obliged to economise. I have got over my difficulties now though, and can afford little luxuries. I therefore lift up my voice in behalf of some change in the food department. I don't care what it is, whether preserved meat or pre- served ginger, so long as it is cheap and wholesome. Come down, somebody, please, and deliver us out of the hands of the three- penny drinking bars, and the sixpenny cook- shops ! May I be allowed to compliment the Attorney-General ? I am glad he is looking out for Fenians, and is going to put down the establishment of St. Patrick's Lodges in Vic- toria. It is in great schemes for the happiness of the human race that we see great minds constantly employed. Q. 