hamlet, at the theatre rotal, Hamlet was repeated at the Theatre Royal last night, to a fair house. After the notice we gave yesterday of Herr Ban dmann's rendition of this part, it affords ns much nleasnre this morn- ing in stating that some of the angularities ob servable on the preceding evening were smoothed off last night There was less preaching, less clipping of the text, aod a careful avoidance of rooting; though a little of each failing still ob truded itself io spite of the evident desire of the actor Dot to offend in these respects again. The three lines fotiowing the first adjuration to the ghost were carefnlly and pointedly given last night, bnt Herr 8andmann, we regret to have to add, still clipped from the text some of the closing Knea in tbe scene in the Qneen's apartment. We have cn hesitation in stating tbat this is a rank offence against the author. For instance, the whole of the beautiful lines following tbe reply to the Queen's request to know how she had offended, and beginning with — Such an act That blurs the grace and btaffi of modesty, etc. were omitted, and the scene consequently lost a great deal of its majesty, and suffered propor tionately in that consecotiveness of ideas and language for which Shakspeare's writings have so long been proverbial. Similar omissions were indulged in by Herr Bandmana in other parts of the tragedy; bnt as he showed himself in other portions not above correction, it would be un generous on our part to severely press this failing upon bis attention, beyond expressing a hope tbat ere he acts Hamlet again he will make himself thoroughly acquainted with the whole text. We believe Herr Bondman n considers tbat he has been hardly used by ns in noticing his per formances, but we plead guiltless of any such motive. The fact is tbat be has been foodled and dandled by partial critics in Melbourne, and thus a good actor has run imminent risk of being spoiled altogether. A few weeks' wholesome Ballarat criticism now will do him a world of good, because while praising him where he de serves praise, his faults will not be overlooked, and thus he will be able to gather such in struction as will enable him, if he is wise enough to take good ad rice in the same candid spirit in which it will be given, to care himself of aU tbe defects in bis acting and delivery, so as to make himself ultimately deserving of the unal loyed praise of alt honest critics. The improve ment noticeable in his performance last night arises frcm the candour with which bis faults hare been exposed and the willingness with which he has accepted advice. He should therefore rather thank us for what we have written than suspect us of personal feeling in the dictation of onr remarks. Passing from this explanation to the performance of last night, we were glad to notice that many of the passages delivered with flippancy and an unnatural elevation of voice on Tuesday evening, were last night' spoken in measured terms, and without an no dne pitch of the voca 1 organ being employed to give emphasis to them. Bat there is 'one defect in Bert B&nd-; mann's delivery which we wauid strongly recom mend him to remove as speedily as possibln. That defect is the monotone he displays in reciting and completing a passage. The voice should be deflected when a period is nearly reached, by which means the effect of the language is improved and the harmony to the ear reepected and secured. If Herr Bandmann will try the effect of what we suggest, avoid preaching, pay due respect to his author, and din- card all ranting, his Hainlet will become a master piece of acting — for bis stage action is unques tionably good, and his desire to excel is apparent throughout all his efforts. Last night. . by the way, he was husky from a cold be had managed to get during tbe day, and for which Mr M'Gowan came before the cartain at the conclusion of tbe first act and' apologised. This drawback, how- , ever, seemed to disappear as the performance proceeded. As regards the other parts in the tragedy, they were as evenly supported as on Tuesday evening. Miss Rose Evans again won golden opioionsforher very -chaste renderiog of T>phelia, and Mia Hollo- way played the Queen with her usual diguified bearing and care. The scenic effects were not ' the least attraction of the performance. To-night Herr Bandmann appears as Ciande Melnotte, in " The Lady of Lyons." By the way we must not omit to add that he was several times called before tbe cortaio last-night. ; 