THE PERIPATETIC PHILOSOPHER. (Prom the Australasian, October 23.) " Quidquid'agunt homines votum timor ira voluptas Gaudia discursus, uostri est farrago libelli."—JUVENAL. "Why hare we made this exchange?" asks Mr. G. P. Smith. In effect," What is the reason of this thusness ?" and the world replieth not. The answer, 'if answer in satisfactory terms there be, is yet held by what M. Hugo (whose name is becoming a synonym for all that is powerfully unintelligible) would call the "speechless silence of ever- whispering Nature." Nobody interests himself about Mr. G. P. Smith. The world, the base world, goes about its ordinary business in a disgustingly practical manner, and turns a deaf ear to the wailing of the late Attorney- General, let him wail never so wisely. He has fallen from his high estate like Darius, and the impetuous Alexander of the M'Pherson Government has made, merry in his capital, ha* scorned his young men, kissed his maidens, and burnt his chariots with fire. It is Mr. M'Pherson's turn now. " Lovely Thais," in the shape of Government patronage, " sits beside him, and he takes the goods the gods provide him." The Chieftain hung around with scalps, and gleaming gorgeous in his war paint, can afford to accept his defeat in silence. Not so the " whitehearted " warrior, who lurks with the old women in the tents. Nature had given him the desire for talking. He is cursed with the curse of garrulity. Each instant he leaps to his feet, and pours forth his sorrows, his hopes, his envy. Poor Mr. Smith ! Fate dealt hardly with you when she made you Attorney- General, for she betrayed you into an exposition of incompetency so complete that you will never pass for an intelligent man any more. Then aft-to Vale. That virtuous person has been at it again.' It is a peculiar weakness of Mr. Vale's that he cannot leave people alone. He is a sort of political Barkilphedro, a creature who attacks out of sheer malice. I think that of all the blatant humbugs I have ever known, and I have met several, Mr. Vale is the most blatant. He resembles nothing so much as a Tan Yean pipe set up on end and spouting dirty water. The virulence with which he attacked Mr. Duffy the other night was something surprising. It was almost as good as reading the " Penny Journal" or the '• Mysteries of London "—all the old lies about Jesuits, and priests, and secret societies were revived, and I thought that I was listening to a page of Maria, the Nun," or " The Jesuit in the Family." I do not know what amount of education Mr. yale may have received; judging from the manner in whioh he maltreats the English language, I should say not much, but unless he gained his knowledge like Sprouts, in " Christopher Tadpole," by reading odd numbers of sixpenny novels in the back shop at night, I think that he might have obtained some better information as to the condition of the I toman Catholic Church than he seems at present to possess. Ignorance in a person of Mr! Vale's pretensions is inexcusable. I wonder if any Collingwood elector was in the gallery that night, aud if so, I should like to hear his opinion of his representative. I thought to myself when I heard his scurrilous abuse of poor Duffy (whose pension is hated by all the insolvents in the House), " And this is the martyr who sacrificed himself on the altar of purity in order to satisfy liis private pique, and get rid of Jones! Jones is not a model of a statesman, certainly, but whatever were his faults, he had ability, which Vale has not." Enough of politics—somewhat too much, perhaps. " Lazim el giovine amil kieyf un poco," as we used to say in the Mediterranean, when the sail of the flying boats flashed white against the purple 8ea, and the dusky shore began to twinkle with lamps ; il Jaut que jeunesse se passe, and the best way of passing it now is according to the rules of the Earlyclosing Association. Let it be understood that I have a profound respect for the Association, and for the kind, gentlemen whose lectures assisted to promote tlie early closing. The notion was an excellent one, and if the good people who aired their abilities on the platform did talk a little harmless twaddle nobody was mucii the worse for it. But it seems to me that the early closing movement is becoming a nuisance, and that unless it is carried out in its entirety it will become an injustice. If the linendrapers, hosiers, book shops, milliners, butcher and bakers, are to close at dark, why not tho publicans, hotels, supper-rooms, and music-halls? Why should the theatres be kept open after dark ? Why should Herr Bandinann and Mr. Harwood, and the Ghost, and others, be torn from their firesides to come down and play Hamlet? Why should the orchestra be kept up until one in the morning, and is it not gross cruelty to the gentleman in stockings to make him sit up until midnight in a costume to which he is obviously unaccustomed, for the purpose of pulling a carpet to a level with the footlights ? Then, again, why should the oyster shops be open, and why should the hardworked vendors of coffee, and the peripatetic proprietors of trotters, be obliged to ply their desperate avocations ? Has no one a word for tho oppressed cabman ?- why should he be allowed to go on day after day, or rather night after night, ruining his health, killing his horses, and wearing out the roadway ? Then the policeman also. Poor wretches, compelled by hard fortune to earn a miserable crust by prowling about in dcfence of the lives and liberties of sleeping citizens, shall not soine rest- be- found for them, and shall they not be permitted to go home early also ? What is sauce for tlie goose is also sauce for the gander, and if the Early Closing Association compel one set of labourers in this world's vineyard to cease the treading of the winepress six hours sooner than was their wont, why not extend the same favour to other persons ? Let us be fair and square you know. When is the new Town Hall going to be opened ? From my position against one of the Argus officeposts 1 have gazed at it so long that 1 am nearly stone-bliud, and although I was affiliated early iu life to the Eakatan, which is a Sarawakian tribe who live in hollow trees and have no language, I take an interest in the architecture of my adopted country, I have wondered long, moreover, as to the use of those spiky things on the top of the building (they look like egg-cups which have passed a bad night), and am anxious to see to what use they will be put. An erratic friend of mine, who has strong democratic tendencies, avows that they will fulfil the same office as that usurped by the Parisian Iantemes, and that when Victoria becomes a republic they will be used for the hanging of Constitutionalists. The floods have behaved most abominably. I was led to beliave that Melbourne would be Bwamped on Monday, and that all my creditors would die. I am sorry to say that I have been disappointed. The rains fell and the winds blew, but the floods refused to rise. There was certainly a miserable sort of imitation deluge along the Richmond-road, and the proverbial house floated down the river, but that was alL There was no sensation " at all. I expeeted to find that the whole town would be under water, and that I might make something out of the saving of drowning people, but I was disappointed. It is hard that when a man is bent on an act of philanthropy fye is prevented from performing it. 1 had fully resolved to distinguish myself, and make a little money, and I am disgusted. What is the use of a flood, if nobody is drowned ? We might just as well have had fine weather. Moreover, I may suggest that the admirable nullity of the City Council is quite frustrated by this ridiculous adaptation of the weather to the requirements of th< town. It must he most disheartening to those gentlemen who have consistently opposed the engineering works contemplated along the Yarra bank, when they find that their exertions have been quite useless, and that no lives have.been lost. However, it is not for me to speak. 1 did hope that a few of those persons who have been silly enough to permit me to owe them money would have perished in the waters; but as Fate has decreed otherwise, I must not repine. After all my case is not so desperate. I have only been some two years in Melbourne, and I already owe nearly a thousand pounds. I am. thinking of opening a bank—when I can get a good stout crowbar. Q. SALE OF SHEEF.—5000 at Deniliquin, on Wednesday the 27th. (See advertisement.) JUSTICES' JUSTICE.—A prohibition was granted, yesterday, by Mr. Justice Hargrove, on the motion of Mr. Darley, to rectify one of those extraordinary blunders which are but too often committed by the gentlemen holding her Majesty's commission for the conservation of the peace. A dispute having arisen as to the "jumping " of a claim on a.gold-field, such dispute was decided upon the ground by a Mr. Lynch, a Justice of the Peace. But the defeated parties were—as defeated parties otten are—dissatisfied with this decision ; and they appealed against it, as, by law, they were entitled to do. The respondents attended the Court where this appeal was heard. Being parties to the cause, these respondents remained in Court while the appeal was being heard, as was clearly their right. They were also told by the officer of the Court that they had better attend. But when—after the close of the appellants' case—two of these respondents tendered their evidence, the magistrates constituting the appellate|tribunal, refused to examine these respondents because they had been in Court. There were three justices then sitting. The objection was taken by one of them, and sustained by bis colleagues. The worshipful gentlemen then proceeded (it was sworn) to sustain the appeal, reversing the decision which Mr. Lynch had pronounced on the spot. No one appeared lo defend this extraordinary decision, and his Honour not only granted the prohibition, but directed the parties concerned to pay the costs, on proof that they had due notice of the application, and that costs bad been asked for as part of such application. It was suggested by bis Honour that the Government might not unprofitably expend a little money in furnishing country benches with a statement of some of.the ordinary legal maxims—such as audi alteram partem —and an explanation of their meaning. Mr. Darley added that in order to prevent any possibility of mistake, it might be even expedient to go further, and to havo some of these maxims emblazoned over the judgment seats of these functionaries. It was the Cowra Bench by which the order—thus set aside by prohibition—was made, the presiding magistrates being Mr. G. Campbell, tMr.}. I£. West, and Mr. B. M. M'Diarmid.-jfyinnr Herald. ? ? 