TEE NEWS OF THE DAT. Parliament resumes to-day, but the public seem ia no extravagant hurry to wituena the performance in either House, whatever it may be. In tbe Assembly Mr Higinbotlmm'a reso lutions will no doubt be taken early, and the debate may be concluded, al though it would be rash so to calculate, simply because inch a conrso wonld be desirable. It is undentood that the Select ooauiucitiu -m but) uiuwu uiuub x/eparr.rjaeni will prnesnt their report, and if 10, the discus sion thereupon will be fixed for another day. The Mining Companies Bill is the chief bneinesi on the notice paper of the Legislative Council, and it is not improbable that tbo meaanre will be amended bo as tn be what it now only uecms. The Payment of Members Bill is also on the programme ; and, according to tboae who are in a position to gOBsip safely, Mr- O'Shanassy has ot length enffieiently made known hia viowa upon the subject to allow of the Ministry to form their 6 wo, and perbap3 even make an pfiVirf. nt PTrnlnininp' fhfim. Therowan a meeting' of the Executive Coun cil yesterday afternoon and subsequently a meeting of the Cabinet, at both of which all tho members of the Assembly, excepting tho hon. P. Longmore and 0'. M'Kean wera present. The former gentleman had not returned from EoUuca, whither he had gone to inspect ' the working of tho Railway Department at that terminus, and (he latter was detained by de partmental business, Thero was nothing done in the case of the boy Adams, the petition having been received, and indeed it is doubtful if even when tho petition is presented his Excellency will bo induced to interfere with the oonteneo. We are informed that the whole sittings of both councils were devoted to merely routine bnsiuefs. Tho Telegraph Inquiry Commission resumed thoir eittings yesterday afternoon, and brought their labors to a conclusiou. Mr Goyder was re examined at some length, and a Mr Jones, in the employ of Messrs Lazarus Brothers, vjUiiiuH-BLraei, waa muu ejmuiiucu, unit iur Ijoy der failed, to identify him as ' the man Jones' who took the odds of 5 to 1 on Circassian for the Metropolitan. Mr Thomas, employed in Messrs Hartley Brothera' bond, wis also ex amined, but without eliciting anytbing of im portance from him. fllossrg Temploton and Chomley, who constituted the board (MrEllery being still absent), cannot decide upon thoir report for the present, but as soon as Mr Ellory returns either a farther inquiry will be in stituted or a report will be cent in to the Chief Secretary. It appears that ' the man Jones' ? 1 ? 1 ? 1..11... _jj. ___ ai__ .. e ? _#it_ ? iviiu tuuu luo uuua vu luu uj.ivruuuu ul mu race has never appliod for his £5 deposit or tbe £25 he had won, but he cannot be identified, although the fact of hia not applying for tbe money has a suspicions appearance. Since the opening of the Minoralogical Museum specimen! ami contributions have been pouring in, and should the gifts continue to bo received at the present ratij, the building will soon be far too small to contain them all. kmnnrr f.Vin rnncf. TinlnWA rAitniffAtl wiflifn 4h« last few days is a really splendid specimen of argentiferous gdena, weigh ing well on towards a hundredweight, from the lead mines at Mrlora, N.S.W. Tho con tributor of this specimen is Mr C. L. Throck morton, formerly of this city, who also for warded several other smaller samples and a promise of still further contribution*, of mi neral and geological specimens. The Museum ii at present closed, and will not be throwa nnon f.rt f no TinKliii aniut ti«l tl +.Vtn Benevolent Asyhim Biziar has been hold. Considerable, dissatisfaction his been expressed in mining circles at the collec tion being closed so soon. The Mining de partment and the Technological Commission, however, it is understood, intend to improve the interval by making arrangements for the delivery of lectures oa mining tind geological anbjects on the re-opening of the Museum, and if they do this the tima will not be lost. The annual meeting of the Law Inititute was to have been held yesterday afternoon for the election of office bearers for the ensuing year, but owing to the shortness of the notice given and the C3nsf orient paucity of the attendance, the meeting was ad j ourned for a fortnight to allow of country members sending in their proxies. Mr Micgregorwas in the chair. - It is understood that the Bourke-street Hebrew Congregation, while they are much offended at tbe action taken by their East Mel-, honrne co religionist?, do not intend tn take any farther action in the matter, till they havo received a reply to their communication to tbe Rev. Dr Adler. In the meantime it iB urged tbat the Government should, ni far as possible, occupy a neutral position till the congregations agree among themselves who is to be the recognised senior minuter. Tbe Coinmiisioners appointed by tho Gover nor-ra-Council under tue Patents Statute to consider the application ' of Messrs Dalgoty, Ibbotsan aud Co., for an extension of tho term of letters patent for the production of artificial ice. &!?., granted to Mr Jxme3 Harrison in 1856, wili meet 00 Thursday next, and hoar ? . j the evidence in tbe ante. This is tho first ap plication (st the kind that has been tnada in the colony. A meeting of clergymen of Protestant churches in Sydney and its BuburbB was con vene;! a few days ago for the purpose of con sidering tho suggestions made by Gr. Marie D'Aubigae as to the duty of Protestants in re lalian to tho CEsumanical Council. TheRjv. Br. Steel occupied the chair. After a long and careful consideration, tho meeting unani mously adopted tho following resolution, which was moved by the TLir. J. Graham, and seconded by the Rev. J. B. Laughton, of Parramitta :— ' This meeting having tiken into consideration tha letter of the venerable Br. Merlo D'Aabigne, recommencing thst special prayer be m»de by evangelical Curii tians throughout tbo world, with referenoe to tbe OSenmenioal Council to meet at K)me on th9 8th of Daeembsr nest, uaunimouoly ex presses its conviction that it is highly desir able that the month of December should bo specially set apirt by Protestant Chris tians in this colony for prayer in pnblic wor ship, and also in private and social circles, for tho priesthood and peop'o of the Caaroh of Rome, that they may bo blessed with deliver ance from all human error, uud brought into a fall knowledge of Scriptural truth.' J.UU 1XUW ZJ^UltlLMl laucuuiau u**uunu uua been purchased by Mr Petty, of Maribyrnong, who intends ta fire him forthwith, and he will in all probability yet be seen measuring strides with our cracks on the course at Flemington next spring. Saveral other thoroughbred* were offered forsalo at the yards of Meisra M'Keraio anj Cj., Bourke-street, yesterday. Mr Rod vonnH'm P.tnrnaa nnq hrmrrht. in nt A HO crninnnn. For Misfortune bat 83 guineas was offered, and she was passed. Fora clever- looking little A-ab there was no bid. Pablo Fanque, by Peter Wilkins, was sold to Dan Robinson for 41 guineas. Salute, and Forester, a clever fencer, were withdrawn. The Bondigo races commence to-day, and will be continued tomorraw. The entries are not large, but a good number of oar metropo litan sportsmen have expressod their intention of being present. There is no betting, Warrior from hia recent running boing considered able to dispose of the fields opposed to him in both handicaps. Tho sittings of the Chief Court of Mines commenoe this morning. The moat important cuss oa the list is nunthor suit between tho Working Miners' Company at Batlarat and The Emerald-hill B«zia? at tha Mechanics' Institute in aid of the building fund of St. Luke's Cunroh was brought to a closo last night with the inevitable crop of mill is and an auction. Tho business done during the timu it haa been open has been very satisfactory asd it is expected that £300 will be netted by tho bffjrt, which will rodnco the existing church debt to £200. Some touching circumstances are mentioned nv thfi fit.n.r. in nnnnnntinn with tho fnneral of Mr Robert Hannah, one of the oldest residents of Clones, which took place at Clunes on the 12th instant : — ' Mr Hannah during his reai donce at Clunos met with many reverses. L'ke many others, ha ci.mo there a poor, laboring man, and subsequently, having obtained a sharo in the onoo celobrated Yankoe Company, which for several years yielded large dividends, he became a man of note, a member of the Clunes Borsugh Council, and wa3 all but elected mayor. Men were then proud to be ac knowledged by him, and called bis friends ; but another change came ; tho Yankee Com pany ceased to pay, and Mr- Hannah, although he had received about £7000 in dividends, hav ing neglected to provide for tho future, found himself left again poor and almost friendless. Falling into ill- health, he was removed to the Creswick district hospital, and next to tho Ballarat hospital, -where bo diod ; and but for the liberality of his father-in-law, Mr John Black, Cluneg, the man who onoe drove his carriage, would have filled a panper's grave.' It opprars that a circular has been issued by the Mining department to district mining surveyor*, requesting them to mark oa govern VDont plans the are&s; whi-sh should not be sold because they are auriferous, or are likely to be u»ed for mining purposes. The circular is re presented as presupposing that tho mining surveyors will not in many instances be able to determine accurately as to the auriferousness or otherwise of the areas referred to, but at tbe Bame time requiring that the surveyors shall exerois? tboir judgment ou this subject with the utmost oare. The Belfast Gazette records 0 fatal auoident whioh has 'occurred to Mrs Wiltshire, of the Mount Napier road. Mr Wiltshire aud his wife and son had been into Belfast for stores, and were, returning home. He was driving a bullock dray, and his wife and boy were riding on the stores in the dray. Between three and four miles from town, wnere a narrow causeway hits been made through tho moraes, the bullocks swerved, and the dray went over the edge o! the track, capsizing, and falling upon tho nn fortnnate woman, causing her death shortly afterwards, whiUt aha was being conveyed home. The boy fell upon hia feet and was uninjured. Child deseition seems on tho increase. Oa Sunday morning, a lad named FranciB Austin, when going to work at Messrs Bennett and Bromwell's, Ryriestreet, Geelong, disco vered a bundle near Dr. RobinBon'a house in Great Myers-street, containing a female infant about three months old, which had been daBarted there probably byiU mothor. The child is described as being a most interesting looking one, oeing lair, witn uiue oyes, ami quite healthy. It wan dressed in an inside flannel, a white petticoat with one tuck at tbe bottom, and a print frock, with dark spots and light ilowera on it, the body lined witk calico. It was also wrapped in a black cotton lace shawl. Tho boy gave information at Dr. Robin son's bongo, and the servant thero took charge of it nntil tha police wete communicated .with, and they are now looking after it, and attempt ing to find tha unnatural mother. Itis stated that Mr Arthur Sopkins, proprietor of the Mardodnke gtatiou, near WineheWeu, being about to relinquish pastoral pursuits, has determined to subdivide his beautiful estate, comprising aboat 12,000 acrea of tha best land in the colony, into farms, varying in size from 100 acres to 350 acres each, to be let oa liberal terms, by leasss of not less than fourteen yoars tenure. Mr Shires, the snake-charmer, writes, ex pressing his astonishment at having seen his name mentioned in a paragraph in the Age in the case of the snake that was found in the house of Mr Bell, the printer, of Little Collins street. Says Mr, Shires, ' I beg to inform you that I never have had a snake of that descrip tion in my possession this season. The whole of my stock of snakes are properly secured in strong cages, and escape is impossible, al though I may be allowed to add that this is not the first time that I have been indirectly ac cused of carelessness ; and what I have got now require special care, for they are very valuable.' Mr Shire should not be so ready to disclose the valuable character of his pro- perty, as he may thereby be tempting a preda tory raid. A serious aacident occurred to Mr Fair burn, squatter, on Saturday. The Geelong Advertiser states 'tbe gentleman named was at his station at the Dack Ponds, looking after somo machinery used for irrigation, when by some means his right hand was caught in the cog wheels, aad crushed fearfully. The unfortu nate gentleman came to Geelong by the mid day train, and Dr. Day was at once in attend ance. Dr. R 'id was alsoj called in, and it was agreed tbat tbe hand wag so much injured that to attempt to lave it was out of the question. It was therefore amputated at the wrist joint, and the pitieut is now progressing very well. When his hand was amputated, Mr Fairburn, knowing that tbo medical gentlemen have not for some time since been on the best of terms, thought it aa admirable opportunity of inducing them to forgive and forget. Looking at tho amputated member, he asked them as a favor to shake hands together and become friends. Neither of them was able to resist such an ap peal at such a time, aad thus Mr Fiirbarn has succeeded in doing what scares of mutual friends have tried, but failed in doing/' The law against Sunday trading is being en forced by the police in Ballarat East against holders of publican's licences who keep their houses open on the Sabbath. Three cases were heard yesterday, and in one instance a fine of £3 was imposed. The local papers ara naturally enthusiastic about the splendid testimonial to be given to the Mdyor of Ballarat Easi, Mr E. Steinfeld. The gift consists of a silver gilt tea and coffee whole weight i« 220 oz, and the coit two hundred gnineas. The claret jag and epergae are by Mr Edwards, of JIalbourae. The claret jug is beautiful in shape, and a wreath, of vine foliage with grapea eicircling tho cup is ex quisitely executed. The spergne is thirty 1 inches in Jieight, enclosed in a glass shade, and RtsnMng on a blickwood V-i«p, wilh gilded mouidiagi. The .composition of the deniga of the opergae it 6l*gau'ly Biwple. From a broad msssivo base, on which aa Australian native on horseback is ?' roaadiog ap ' other horses, there Bprings ia the centre a tall fern tree, round whose trnak twines a vine, nnn tcclinSA ft\athnrv imnA* liaqn nn a H,n.,nl basin. Oa either lide two smaller ferni sup port two smaller basins, while baneath are still smallor ferns and wild Ibwors. Os the rock lisa ft dark colored lizard that looks s- like life that one expects every mo ment to too the reptile dart away among the ferns and flower*. A silver shield at the base has the following inscription: — 'Presented to E. Steiafeld, liUq., by a number of his fellow valuable sorvicas rendered daring his term of office for three years as Miyorof Billarat Eiit. 12th November, 18G9.' A recant ' tarring anl feathering' case at Little Bendigo, in which Mr Israel TruaweH, one of the principal actort, was brought beforo the Ballarat Police Court yesterday -.n the chape of an information agdnst a number of men for riotously aiiembling at the place named. The case will bo proceeded wilh on Friday. Wo_ learn from tho Daily Nan that a commission to inquire into the cause of the late collision at Harcourt cat at C istlemaine yester day. The result of tho exitnhution will be known probably to-day. The ship Mjlpomena, with horses for Cal cutta, left, the Bay yesterday in totv of tbo steamtug Resolute. The Bhip Hog'uton Tower W£S yesterday afternoon berthed at the Sind ridge Town Pier to ship her horses for Bombay, We arc informed on good authority that the barque Thomas Brown which arrived at the Hoads from Batavia ou Friday night is in ballust trim, not having been able to obtain cargo at chat port, and that all ehe has on freight ib a Bmall quantity of sugar which she The case of Brown v. Aitken and others was concluded in the Juries of Twelve Court yes terday, a verdict far £2500 being returned for the plaintiff in addition t-? £500 paid into court. It would appear that tbe jury thus affirmed that the defendants bad wrongfully pronounced scabby the plaintiff's sheep, whioh they destroyed. Arj application ia to bo made in Banco for the reversal of tho verdict, or to reduce damage?. A return placed before the Ciiy Council yesterday showed that the total sum hitherto expended hv tho Council on Cirlt&n; Gardens was £12,09118^41. There travelled 26,931 passengers on the Victorian Government Railways during the week ending llth November, and 21,205 in corresponding weok lust year. Traffic receipts for the week, £15,G03, against £13,809 in cor responding week of 18G9. Total receipts this Tnarfn Ania £ri9.fJ f,f\fi nd ntratnah -P..10.*, .lv.9. in corresponding period of previous year. Averago weekly receipts this year (taking 45 weeks) £11,600 ; last year, £11,010. The death of an inmate of the Y-irra Bend Asylnm, named Henry Watts, aged 04 years, was the subjeot of an inquest hell yesterday by Mr Candler. From the evidence it appears that the deceased was admitted to the Asylum an 12th of April last, from the Benevolent Asy lum, being trim paralysed and bedridden. He sank gradually, and died ou Sunday morning. Mr Ford ma;lo a post mortem examination, and found the cause of death to be chronic disease of the brain, and tho jary returned a verdist to that effect. An adventure in Micdonnell Biy is narrated by the Border Post :— 'Mr Hughes (of the firm of Messrs N. A. Lord and Co.), had an exoiting adventure at Port Maodonnell recently. While on tho jetty with his son. the hat of the latter was blown into Ili3 water. Mr Hughes jumped into a boat alongside, with the view of recover ing it. bnt. ere he cot to the ond of the rope by which the boat was fastened to tho jatty, tho hat was boyond hie roach. Mr Haghos thon cait off after the vagrant, bat, having but one oar, he soon discovered that he could not stem the wind and tide, which wore both soaward ; and in spite of hi3 flflortu he was rapidly being cavriad out to sea. Fortunately his perilous position was observed by some of the boatmen, who at once pulled off and rescued him. Mr Hughes'* position was all tho more critical as thoro was a heavy sea on at the time.' ' The city magistrates made a very salutary example yesterday of a yonng man, named William Thompson, win wutJ brought before thorn for sailing indecent photographs. The prisoner, unluckily for himself, offered the pictures to detectives Hudson and Christie without knowing who they were, The bench sent him to gaol for three months with hard labor. The ohaTge against the man Mjera or Mactaggart, for deserting his wife, exploded, as had been expected ; the fact tbat the prose - culrix had merely mutaken the prisoner for her husband being conclusively proved. What the tffecta of smoking are upon boys forma a point of obvious interest in Victoria. We quote a pertinent paragraph upon the sub ject from the British Medical Journal ;— ' Dr. DecaiBno (Bull. General de Thor.), in tho course of investigations on tbe influence of tobacco on the circulation, haB been struck with the large number of bo}« oged from nine to fifteen years who smoke, nnd has been led to inquire into the connection of thi3 habit with impair ment 01 tne general neauu. n« uua uuaurveu 38 boys, aged from 9 to 15, who smoke nure or lens. Of these distinct systems were present in 27\. In 22 there were vaiious disorders of the circulation — bruit de souffle in the neck, palpi tation, disarders of the digestion, slowness of intellect, and a more or less marked taste for stroDg drinks. In three the pulse was intermit tent. In eight there was found on examination more or leas marked diminution of the led corpuscles; in 12 there was rather frequent epiluxie ; 10 had disturbed sleep ; and four had slight ulcerations of the inucoua mem brane of the mouth, which disappeared on ceaBing Bracking for a few dayB. In ohildren who were very well nourished tbo disorder was, in general, less marked. As to the ages, eight of the boy* were from nine to twelve years old ; nineteen from twelve to flftoen. The duration of the habit of umoknig waa, from eleven to six months ia the year, end in six teen more than two years. The ordinary treat ment ot aniomia in general produced no eflact as long 88 the smoking was continued ; bat wbon it wus desisted from, health was soon per fectly restored, if there were no organic disease.' An allavial discovery at Moyston U altraot ing the attention of a large number of miners, but, reports the Ararat Advertiser, beyond the prospecting claim, nothing is at present known as to the value of the discovery. — ' The prospecting shaft waa bottomed . at a depth of forty feet, and a rnn ot auriferons dirt, eighteen feet in width, hai been crossed, from which several tubs have been daily washed, averaging from half a pennyweight to four pennyweights to the tub. The gold is of a coarie, water- worn character, and the pros pectora (Messrs David Morgan. James For rester, Edward Ralph and Louis Mitchell), ex press their belief in having a good payable claim. There are about sixty claims marked off up and down the' flat along the supposed line. In the course of two or three days a large number of these olaima will be bottomed, when the extent of tho discovery will be more fally tested.' ? ' Riohard the Third,' with Herr Bandmann as the Dake of Glostor, attractad a very fair attendance at' the Theatre Royal last evening; and the play met with the customary favor, although Herr Bandmann's Riohard in not by any means of the popular type. He biiiga the cunning and subtle villany of the cbaraoter strongly . into prominence, and softens away much of tho vigorous brutality with which it is uaaally invested. The audience called him dressed his small part of Ratcliffi) extremely well. Miss Ri»o Evans made the raoBt of the very unthankful character of LidyAnnp, and the same may be said of Misj Eloiae Jano as Lady Elizabeth. The perform*ucos thia even ing will be for the farowell benefit of Frank Drew,' the bill presented being a varied and attractive one. Tha entertainments are to com mence with the third act of 'Hamlet,' in whioh Herr Bandmann will appear. Mr Coppin will thon play his favorite part of Stolbach in ' Frederick of Prussia ;' aft-ir which Mr Drew will take his farewell in Mmsiear Jacquou; the whole psrforminne concluding with the burlesque of ' The Maid and the Magpie.' Mr Heller will open his new Tomplo of Migic, in Bourke-Btreet, to-morrow evening, and from the lengthy and entertaining pro gramme provided, as well as the comfortable arrangement ef the Hall, he wi'I doubtless be largely patronised by tho lover* of the sonea tioaal. A novelty was introduced into tha pro gramms at WeBton's Opfira House last evening in aorna excellent phantasraagorial effects en titled ' A Man PJaying with Ghosts.' The il.'aaion was w^ll rmuageJ, aad the r-^-i « pearanoo ana di.appearanw of th ^Jf 1 wore loudly aop'oudsd bv a Wa j-tos' % The.sam., programs will \ TpeatH^ I evening. lt:peatea th,, « We are informed that the Brunswick \j chan.es' Institute have . unu.uauyi ttuS ; bnnneBS to consider this ovecinc IulP°r«nt ^ The Son-sop Tempemsm gWe an ent», J faunment, collating of addresses, loncfif; ? recitations m the Temperance Hall to-nigV ' Mn R. Bibnte lectnres in the Polvt. 1 '? ' Hal- thU evening, on ' Byrou, Poet «? ft' ' and will doubtless mak, the most of an'iZ i eiting subject. '**? , The Rbv. Jamos Ilartin will ptMA « W annual sermoa befora tho Baptist AwoZlit ' 9 in the Collins-street Baptist Church hi' I evemog. lm« ?M This Charitable Minstrel, give a grand con. I cert this ovening, in the Emerald-hill v,a, M nip*1 Tnqtifnfp inuM r.i' ll,« 1«_^, -r, * c^a- -V Society, ' * 'IB Tub anaiversary tea meeting; in connttuV, I with the Victona- parade CongrecaC.1 # Church, Fitztoy, will bo heldthii eS 'I after whioh the meeting will be addressed bv 1 several ministers and frjendj. s IB at tho Prince of Wales Cricket Ground lu' M evomnpr to witness a two-mile bicycle race be' ? tween Jas. Ward (a pupit of J. Finlay) and V 1 A. Ilton, for the sum of £10 a Bide. V}ui M won with ease, the time being 9 rain. 23 Bee M A wr.oNo improstion appears to have been M given by the report of an inqueit held on Fri- ? day last on the body of a woman named \an« B Thorns. The report states that she was 'liriu? M with a butcher named Barwood.' It should M havo been living in the same house with Bar- ? wood, from whom she rented a room. S Wk are requested to direct attention {0 the M concert, under distinguished patronage, te be 9 held to-night in the Presbyterian schoolroom m William- street. The proceods of the concert M will be given to the ladies of Hotham, who ara m making good xue of the short time allowea -« them in preparing for the stall at tho Benevo- H lent Asylum Bazaar. . 3H 