AROUND THE MIDDLE ISLAND. ? : ? *? ? ~£«.i U.I THE BLUFF TO INVEROARGILL. -i I am not going to write a guide book. -I am not a speoial comroiesioner ; I do not even propose to rise to the dignity of a spooial re porter. I wish to be recognised merely as a Nobody, and the remarks whioli follow abont New Zealand mast be taken purely for what they are worth, as coming from one who travelled through the more favored island of the New Zealaud group, partly on business and partly on pleasure. Those who know New Zealand will know that I am innocent of Maori knowledge, except on hearsay evidence ; those who don't know it, and I fear that, in this hemisphere as well as tho other,- there are many thousands such, may be told that except that their pockets feel the strain of . a lavish expenditure war ward a, the Middle Island people know aa much about tho Great New Zealand War as we in Victoria do ; ' and after a six months' resi dence there, I oan say honestly, caro almost as little. Bat I am not at this stage of these papers to bo led into any political disquisition — that can wait; I have to do with the Bluff and Inveroargill. How I got to the Bluff is matter of small moment. Let me ask it to be supposed that having duly made that rock, so like the Oorbieres, about which some Now Zea land Viotor Hugo may one day write a story as engrossing as 'Tho Toilers »f the Sea,' tho Solanders, tho Tararua at early dawn some months since stood in through tho Heads, and, ?' having been boarded by a pilot, steamed at ' snail's paoe into Bluff Harbor. The morning was cold, grey, damp anil foggy. Over tho land, hardly visible to my unpraotised eye, the heavy morning mists hung in dense volume ; above our heads a straggling twinklor not yot ashamed of tho majesty of the coining king of day winked down a chilling kind of' welcome ; around us wheeled in over lessening oirclo, shrieking and flapping their heavy winga almost in our faces, myriads of the largest species of the common gull ; boneath us rolled ' a muddy puddle of water so different to the clear bluo of the ocean we had left but a mo ment since, fretting itself away on seemingly interminable rand banks, tho linos on lines of which wearied tho eye to rest on. As we pro ceed, out from the gloom stands forth the rugged outline of a hill, at the foot of which one little apooklet of a light is by and bye visible. For this we Bteor. Lifting yet more, the fog permits us to see the outline of a tolerable wharf, against whioh a grimy old collier, with rigging white with age, and patched sails hang ing in sloven fashion from the yards, lies grumbling away a portion of tho little time yet left her. On the wharf are three men, and these the only evidence of life as yet to bo seen.. They are, I afterwards discover, tho agent, the custom-house officer, and the reporter. In a few more moments we aro moored, and, in a ghostly fashion, the men of the ship commenoe taking out cargo, and tho passengers betake themaolvea to breakfast. T hat discussed, there is a general rush for the shore: — and such a shore ! Shrimpington sur- Mer, before it wag turned into a wateriiig plaoe, mast have been a city compared with this so-called Campbelltown. How shall I de scribe it? How find words to tell of its bleak U68S and deBolateneas ? Surely Bobinaon Crusoe, landed here with his dog, would never have found a man Friday to keep him com pany. Picture, as a background, a black morose hill, which looks as if the sun nover kissed it, skirted by swamps and mud flats. On a patch of ' dry land is the town, and such a town 1 Three or four rickety shanties (all dignified by the name of hotels, by the way) and a railway station. The worst of it was, though the day had now grown apace, there was nobody to be seen. Oat of a house, as we strolled through the street, along ' whioh a fierce south-wester w.ib blow ing vioiously, now and thon a sleepy ' looking head would bo thrust; to ' eye us curiously for a moment', and then quickly to retire. All thero was to look at was the rail way station. ' OE all place's in tho world, thin is the last in whioh any man would have ex ? pocted to find a railway station. There it was, however, looking rusty and moth eaten, and not at all like, a sta ' tion in onr acceptation, of the word, but ' still a station. Insido was a battered looorao tivo hitohed oh to two carriages which might . have ? soon ? better days, and evidently Badly wanted aomo one. to take care of them. They seemed to cry 'but savagely as I looked at them, 'Come and clean us, for' goodness ' sake, if you are a mau and a Christian.' We were told that there waa a train to start for Iuvercargill— -a distance of, I think, twenty two miles — at nine, to roturn at two. As there waa a strong patty of us on board tho Tararua anxious to boo tho city of tho lakes, a deputation was appointed ' to w^ifc on that moat skilful and oareful of officers, and most genial' of gentlemen, Captain Hagley, to ask if there was timn for us to run up. A reply coming in tho afflrmativo, o party was quiokly formed, and when the time came some fifteen of ub presented our selves before the ? functionary, who ? was station-master,'. ? ticket-clerk . and porter rolled into one; nnd the look, of blank KStoniabment ! with ? which i he surveyed ., ua as f. wo ?;' crowded '? around - bis pigeon-hole I shall never forget. Not for years had so many passengers been booked throngh to Inveroargill and return by one train, I was afterwards told by this gentleman, ?; who really seemed -v -very intelligent '? fellow in- his way. The unexpected rush caused a delay in the time of departure of the train, and it was nearly ton before tho bell rang for the last time, and wo rolled .. sluggishly away into what was to most of us a terra incognita. Two miles of country aa desolate as that of the Bluff, and thon a turn in the line, and a soene of glorious magni ficence broke - on '.the viow. - By thia time tho sun was shining with a clear ooolnosa peculiar, as I afterwards found, to New Zea land. We were winding our way through two hills which gently sloped from us on cither hand, ooverod with a growth of forestry and underwood deliriously green, and that so inarvolloutly varied in its tints as to make one wonder whether it was really all one color. Hero for the first tiino I saw in its native splendor tho New Zealand fern. In the far distance we could soe, with a glorious silver dheen upon them, the Lakes, and to the right, looking like a city of glass, was Invorcargill. We had not proceeded more than ten miles before tho train stopped in a most unaccoun table manner. There was no station in view ; indeed, since wo had left tho Bluff no sign of life had we soon. The line of railway was ?lottod by the skeletons of what had once been houses, but that was all : in not one of them was the sign of life. Presently wo found out why tho train had stopped, — for clambering up the bank came, puffing and blowing, a 'swagsman. Inquiry told me that it was a common practice for the train to atop and piok up passengers on tho road, the recognised duties of the guard embracing those of the conductor of an- omni- bus. On this head let me tell a story, said to be true, and which is too good to .be passed over. It is said in Otago (where of course Southland, as I shall have occasion to explain further on, is a. word of reproach) that one of the recent Super intendents of the latter province, living some five miles from Invercargill, was in the habit every morning of meeting the train at a certain point, and fiuinhing his journey alongside of tho guard: One morning the train drew up at tho . aobustomucl placo, and his Honor was descried some distance from tho line walking mviffcly towards the town. The guard liuiled him, and inquired if ho did not. intend to ride as usual. Hi* reply was ' Not thin morning, thank you — I am in a hurry.' Lst this story bo worth what it will, no one can acouce the train of travelling at express speed, as we wore some thing liko an hour and a quarter doing the twenty-two milea. Taking cab from what was then a temporary station, a mile of the rails having been washed away by the recent floods, we were soon set down in the centre of a town laid out better than any other place in New Zealaud ; but oh I so woe-begone and desolate in its appearance Of course, as a Victorian, I had always regarded Gctelong and Castlemaine as the two centres of our dulnesa ; but here was a place which was duller than the two together. As at the Bluff, no life anywhere. Shops there were in numbers, and I suppose people in them ; hotels there were in numbers, and I suppose people in them, but certainly they were not gad-abouta. Modest, they kept themselves within their doors ; retiring, they would not show them selves to strangers. Ao we drove up the street a dog made a rnsh at our horses' heels, and I felt grateful to the brute for his attention, ao singularly quiet was the place. In the streets tbe footpaths, all nioely made, luxuriated with grass, houses tenantless with doors swinging in the breeze, and win dows smashed by naughty boys (I suppose there are boys in Invercargill as everywhere else, although I didn't see any), uttered a loud reproach to the folly and recklessness of man, who had laid ont a oity and built up a town only to leave it, in a country rich in God's beat gifts, to slowly moulder into ruin and decay. We were taken to the Southland Clab Hotel, kept by Mr Jones, once of the Excelsior Hotol, Bourke-stroet. The house is in its way' a bijou of comfort, and we spent a very jolly half hour there. Thnn out to aeo the town.' Up and down tho streets, whioh -'are' as wide as our a, with a ohaporone I: who knew ' every weatherboard in tho place, Victorians found many a trace of those who had come before us to this nower country,' but had been swept away from the faoo of it by flood and by firo. Sad memories these, but not half so sad aa the memories of tbe little town itself, not yot half a score years old in truth, but so very very old in seeming. We were told how it wast expected that the diggings at tho LakoH would uaako Inveroargill tho chief oity of Now Zealand, how it separated itself from Otago, how it built itsolf, and then built for itself a railway (whioh it said, and said truly, Otago hadn't got tho pluck to do), to' connect itsolf with its seaboard ; how it nourished for a brief year or bo, and then how it gradimlly failed an the Lakes diggings gav» ont till it oamo to be what it wan when wo saw it, tbe ghost of a past and transient groutnoss. Wo were taken to tho theatre, a quiet, cony littlo place, and to the arcade : a huge maau of quartering and weatherboard iis, standing on a pioco of ground nearly as large as the Eastern Market, once, we were told, a soene of unwonted bustlo and animation, now. silent, deserted and un done! ;? given up to ratB and spiders, who crawl about in the broad day/ 'as heedless' of , the pre sence of man .as though they knew his reign there'* ? was 7 : over, and 'lhe; rigbt: of' their tenancy would never more' bo disputed. Over head1, 'admitted 'by innumerable crannies, tho wind whistled 'many a weird tune,1 'and the roof, as if 'consoioUB of its own-' degradation, looked frowningly down on vacdnoy. ? Thia is all. We had aeon1 all wo could see, : heard all we could hoar. For my part, I turned ? my' back on the town with a shudder,' and almost wished I had never left my stateroom on board of the Tararua, bo melan choly ia it to gaze'' on.i; Back ''again to the ship by the Blow old railway, and it is almost night before' we reaoh her. : The mails are put en board, ; ? the whistle ?' sounds, ' ' ' and we are off. Bain is falling blihdirigly. The 'shanties at Campbelltown have gone to -bed. The old collier at the 'wharf rubs' her- fenders vioiously, ;aud ? grumbleB at her fate louder than ever.- The three mourn ful men standing on the wickdd-iooking wharf wave their' mournful hands, while from above looks down on us tho unhonored grave of tho poor comedian,' who' rests' calmly, despite' tho battering 'of the ruin and the howling of rthe winds,' as we steam into darkness' and into night ; and as we go the queer 'old galls'come and look dt us curiously ,' as if they- wondered whatever brought ns to New Zealand. 