MELBOURNE. The Assembly have passed a resolution for the payment of members by a majority of seven. We hear there are manv nersons who will look into our issue this morning to learn something of the rumored discovery of gold at Ban Ban. We have made every inquiry, and can positively state that no intelligence beyond that given in our last has been received in Maryborough. A sale of Government Lands will take place -at the Land office this morning at eleven o'clock. The portions to be offered comprise 4 lots county of March, on Tinana and Jumpa Creek, 1 lot near Walliebum Lagoon, and 6 lots in the county of Lennox, on and near the Gayndah road, and all classed as agricultural land. Police Coubt, Tuesday.— George M'llvray charged with using abusive and threatening language towards Frank Smith, pleaded guilty, and was fined 5s. and 7s. 6d. costs of Court, and 10s. 6d. professional costs. Mr. Lyons appeared for the complainant. Fbom the Chjmpie Times' mining report we learn there has been crushed at the Victoria machine : — 10 tons from the prospect claim, New Monckland, yielded 1 oz, to the ton. A lot of top stone from some claim turned out indifferent ; and at the Enterprise, a lot of 30 tons stone from Nil Desperandum Company's Mine, from 70 feet level, yielded J oz. to the ton, the first crushed from this depth. A trial parcel of top stone did not prove payable. A quarrel between two of the blacks habi- tually frequenting town, named respectively Florey and Charley Fitzroy, led yesterday to a very serious result. Having come to close quarters in a fight about some sable Dulcinea, Charley Fitzroy disabled his adversary by cut- ting through the tendons of his leg just above the calf, with a knife or razor, whereupon Florey drove his spear through Charley's neck, severely injuring the jugular artery as well as the interior organs of the throat. The wounded man was soon after removed to a camp on the reserve near Dr. Brown's, who is now attending him. He is said to be in a very precarious condition. We learn from one of the blacks who witnessed the occurrence, that Florey immediately afterwards made tracks, and succeeded in effecting his escape. WE had intended to have visited Messrs. Dunn and Farquharson's Sugar Mill in time to describe it in this issue, but our visit has been deferred by request ; the plant being all new, the proprietors wished to give it a good trial and have everything in full operation when we inspected it. We shall go out there in a few days. At Messrs. Murray and Jamie son's work is pushed on with all despatch, and some ten tons of sugar are ready for the market. The experimental stage is passed at Yengarie, and sugar in large quantity, equal to what is known as white counter, is being pro duced there. At the Company's, the manu facture is being carried on day and night satisfactorily. At Mr. Meiklejohn's mill, the only mill yet crushing for the farmer, they are equally as busy, but Mr. Meiklejohn informs us that owing to the neglect of the cultivation the cane does not yield nearly so much sugar as it ought. The notion has been too gene rally acted on by the small grower that cane was a crop that required no care in planting and no attention during growth — a notion sharp experience has shown the fallacy of. Ox Tuesday afternoon an unfortunate bul lock belonging to one of the wool-teams just in from th country, fell down from sheer ex haustion in Wharf-street, opposite the Cus toms Hotel, and eventually gave up the ghost Monster cabbages are generally held to be a proof of famine in the realms of journalism. If the assertion holds good our literary larder must be very slenderly stocked indeed, for we feel it incumbent on us to do justice with pen and ink, as we hope to do with knife and fork, to a splendid specimen, a very patriarch, of the brassica tribe, which was yesterday sub mitted for our inspection and acceptance by Mr. Walter Adams. It weighs l7ffis., and though perhaps inferior, in point of weight, to many of those produced on Darling Downs, it vindicates in a very creditable manner the capabilities of our warmer coast climate and soil, as well as the horticultural skill of the producer in so dry a season as the past. A HOB of about 2000 head of mixed, cattle are in the neighborhood of* Dalby, and will pass through to-day or to- morrow. They have been selected under the personal supervision of Mr. O'Shannassy, of Fort Bourke station, on the Darling River, from the best herds on the stations in this neighborhood aDd in the Bur nett district, and are really splendid animals. The mob will go via Leyburn and Goondi windi, and thence follow down the M 'In tyre Brook and the Barwon River to Fort Bourke. — Dalby Herald. We learn from the Burnett Argus that the era of reformation has arrived for the Gayndah Hospital at last. At a recent meeting of the committee, the wardsman was dismissed, the treasurer was called upon to pay over the money he had in charge to the bank, or to give security for it, and a new Secretary was ap pointed. The Argus believes that the institu tion is now in a fair way of being made at the end of this year one of which it may be proud, instead of, as hitherto, intensely ashamed, and that when one of the contractors ceases to hold office as committeeman, very little more can be done to render the Hospital efficient. — From the same journal we learn that the road between Coonambula and Mun dubbera stations, the closing of which by the superintendent, Mr. M'Cord, had caused much dissatisfaction among other resi dents -of the district, has been re-opened by order ot£ the Government, The Gazette of Saturday last furnishes abundant evidence that the Ministry are in dulging their otium cum dignitatc, the ot'mm preponderating. It contains absolutely no thing new except an ' erratum.' Suggestive' ! Telegraphic intelligence lias been received by the Police Magistrate to the effect that his Honor Judge Lutwyche, with the attendant members of the Bar, will leave Rockhampton per Balclutha at ten o'clock this morning. They may consequently be expected to arrive to-morrow evening, and it is intended to open the Assizes on Saturday at ten o'clock, at which hour jurymen, witnesses, and others should be in attendance. We have great pleasure in giving the follow ing detailed report of the late entertainment in aid of the Wesleyan Church, which has been contributed by one of the friends, and which came in too late for Tuesday's issue : — Last Monday evening the members of the Mary borough Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Society - gave an entertainment in the Wesleyan Church, Adelaide-street, consisting of readings, recita tious, &c.;, assisted by the members of the Church choir. The different pieces were de livered in good style, and with an amount of expression and taste which reflected the highest credit upon the members who took part in the proceedings. The numerous signs of approbation and applause accorded to the speakers by the audience compel us thus to accord to the Society our meed of praise. Progress and an increased amount of know ledge were made clearly apparent — each one striving to do his best — showed a better acquaintance with literature than on the pre vious occasion.- The programme was most judiciously chosen, serious pieces being fol lowed by gay pieces, and the whole affair proved the pleasure, delight, and instruction obtainable from study. The choir we have often listened to with pleasure, but never be fore to such advantage and profit. Through out the evening they entertained the company present with exquisite melody and harmony. Upwards of two hundred persons were present | The proceedings commenced with singin and prayer. The president, the Rev. C. Wiles, then read a brief and pithy prologue. After a glee — 'Lightly tread' — by the choir, the following readings and recitations were given : ' Why people let lodgings,*' (from Household Words) by Mr. J. Hutchinson ; ' The Unknown Hero,' by Mr. J. Spencer. The choir then sung 'In Judah is God known.' Mr. Todd then read an abridged essay on ' the poetry of Thomas Hood Mr. Trevethan gave a recitation, ' The Mosquito's Song,' and, lateT, on Douglas Jerrold's Curtain Lecture ' on Mr. Caudle be coming a Mason.' The choir again discoursed sweet music by singing 'The Bells of St. Michael's Tower.' Mr. Sims read ' Hammer ing it in' (from Household Words), Mr. Spence recited Longfellow's '.Ladder of St. Augus tine,' Mr. Brown recited ' Our Back Garden,' and later in the evening, Byron's description of Waterloo ; Mr. Negus gave ' The Pond,' and the gentlemen members of the choir then rendered a three part glee, ' Breathe soft, ye winds;' Mr. J. C. Walker read 'Hobby Horses,' and Tennyson's ' Charge of the Light Brigade' was recited by Mr. Todd. The choir having sung ' Awake, iEolian Lyre,' the meet ing was brought to a close by Mr. Walker reading Thomson's 'Hymn on the Seasons.' The prosecution instituted against W. C. Belbridge, late manager of the Guardian and Herald newspaper Company, for embezzlement of certain moneys belonging to the company, has been, for the present, abandoned. At the hearing of one of the charges it came out that Mr. Belbridge was a partner ; not only ' by reason of being a member of the company, because after it was incorporated, the com pany made a contract with him, he then being a member, not with him as a partner or mem ber, but as a distinct individual, as Mr. Bel bridge, by which contract he was to get half the profits of the company.' It was also shewn that a sum of £90, the appropriation of which was the subject of another charge, formed part of a claim the company was en deavoring to enforce by a civil action, Mr. Belbridge pleading a set-off. Under these cir cumstances the counsel for the prosecution said he was not prepared to go on with the remaining cases, and they were accordingly discharged. The Warwick, Argus is still hammering away at the dummies and untransferables. The following passage from a recent leader will bear repetition : — ' Government says to immigrant, ' We want you to come out here and cultivate ; if you agree to the terms we will give you £30 worth of land.' 'Done,' says immigrant, ' I accept your terms,' and comes to Queensland Accordingly. Squatter says to himself, ' Here's a mess ! those scoun drels will cut up my run consumedly ! What's to be done V He works his not very honest brain, and the result is that he himself (or his agent such as Barnett) frightens the new arrival by unheard and undreamt of obstacles to his settlement on land. The unhappy immi grant can find no maps ; he is told that no country fit for him is open to selection, that he must go into the solitary wilds for land where he will find no water ; that in short Queens land is done, that he had better try the noble colony of New South Wales, and to aid him he (the squatter) would give him a few pounds for the worthless land order. The poor inex perienced man accepts the offer and gives a post-dated conveyance of the land which the squatter will afterwards take up. On his de parture the honest ' pastoral tenant' or land shark secures his favorite bit of land, and thus benefits himself at the expense of the colony, John Plummeb, writing to the S. M. Herald on the emigration movement that has lately made such headway in England says : ? ' It is to be hoped that the revival of the im migration question in New South Wales may lead to some really practical results. So far as the mere supply of labor is concerned, it would be easy to divert a portion of the British emigration stream towards Australia. The writer's connection with the East London Family Emigration Fund, of which the Coun tess de Grey, Lady Mary Fielding, and the Hon. Mrs. Hobart, are among the most active members, and which has been the means of sending such large numbers of well selected emigratits to Canada, leads him to entertain the belief that were free passages to be pro vided, and proper depots established, as at New York and Montreal, at Sydney, for the reception of the immigrants on their arrival, the various committees which have proved bo energetic and successful in the selection of emigrants for Canada would be equally ready to work as enthusiastically on behalf of Aus tralia. The labors of all connected with the various committees are purely voluntary, and given without charge. Although a large pro portion of the artizans and laborers from whom the various emigrant detachments are chosen are in needy circumstances, there are many who are both able and willing to pay their quota of the passage money. An emi grant sbip, the Dacia, is about to leave Lon don for Brisbane, with nearly 250 persons from East London, each of whom has contributed at least £3 5s. towards his or her expenses. This class of immigrants would prove a most valuable acquisition to the colony, and there would not be the slightest difficulty in per suading them to accept work in New South Wales country districts where labor is most scarce. The general impression here is that the cost of emigration should be borne by the colonies — not by the English Government, Mount Perry Copper Mine'.— We are) glad to be able to state thatamicable relations j are again established between the proprietors. ! On Monday morning they entered into a con- j tract with the Messrs. Pollock to sink three shafts to a depth of fifty feet each for the pur pose of testing the extent of the lode, the whole work to be completed in two months from the 14th instant under a penalty of so much 'per day. —Bvvnctt Argm. An article in the Melbourne, Age , comment ing on the recent Polynesian inquiry, con cludes as follows : — ' What the Queensland planters will have in the end to do is what they should do at once — namely, procure the civilised coolies to be had in Calcutta, namely, tbe Santals and other hardy hillmen from Upper Bengal, as the planters of Mauritius and Demerara do. And in them they will find the willing and docile labor required for the culti vation of sugar, coffee, and cotton, without anything of the odor of slavery attaching to their employment.' the mubdeb at Ktanga, ox the Dawson, — A correspondent (says the Burnett Argus ) has obliged us with the following further par ticulars respecting the late murder at Kyanga. — 'Two men, named respectively Charles Sin nett and William Barber were shepherding about twelve miles from the head station on the 28th of last month. About sundown Sin nett while out on the run with his sheep, met a man, who had no swag but was carrying a water-bag. He asked Sinnett if he would allow him to stop at his hut for the night. He said yes, and took him to the hut and gave him some supper. About nine o'clock that night Sinnett and Barber— the latter had come in at sundown also, and had partaken his sup per with the others— prepared to retire to rest. Having done so, the stranger requested them to give him an axe for protection's sake during the night. Very properly, they told him they would do nothing of the sort. He then picked up an axe that was outside, and begged to re main in the hut for the night. They told him they would not allow him to sleep in the hut unless he put the axe away. He did so, and on these conditions only would they allow him to sleep there. J ust before Sinnett and Barber had turned in, the stranger asked them if they wanted to go out agaiti, and on their replying in the negative he barred the door and went to bed. About daylight he jumped up, rushed to where Sinnett was sleeping, and stabbed him in four places. Sinnett called upon Barber to assist him, but before he had time to do so Sinnett had received the fatal wound. A scuffle then ensued between the three men, when Barber also received a heavy gash in the breast from the murderer. Barber managed to get outside, and immediately ran for assistance to a sheep station about a mile and a half dis tant from where they were. There was only a shepherd at that place, and he ran in to the head station to report the matter. Assistance was obtained, but by the time they got to the hut the murderer had decamped, and poor Sinnett was rapidly sinking. About 2 o'clock that day the murderer — whose name has since been ascertained to be Davis — arrived at the head station (Kyanga)— Mrs. M'Nab's. Word was sent to the police, and Sergeant Hegarty and Constable Swords started in pursuit at once. In the meantime Dr. Hamilton and Thomas Gillespie, Esq., J.P., were sent for to hold an inquest on the murdered man. After the inquest Dr. Hamilton dressed Barber's wounds. The following day the body of the uufortunate shepherd was buried at Kyanga, which is twelve miles from Banana. I have since been able to leara that the next day Davis was seen passing a shepherd's hut with an axe in hand, and going in the direction of Walloon. At two o'clock that day he reached Walloon, and remained there till sundown. The following morning Constable Sword ar rived at Walloon, but could there get no infor mation as to which track he had taken. After a deal of beating Constable Sword got upon his track and run it down to within four miles of Pearce's] Dawson* Hotel. Here he lost it again, and it 'was a long time, good bushman as he is, before he could pick it up again. He did though, and apprehended the wretch'about six miles past the hotel. Sword deserves great praise for facing and capturing such a cannibal.' The Courier of Thursday last says : — We have learned from private telegrams, received from Mackay yesterday, and kindly placed at our disposal, that his Excellency the Gover nor's progress northward was marked by very hearty receptions wherever he stayed. At St. Lawrence (Broadsound), an address was pre sented to his Excellency by the townspeople, and he was entertained at a public dinner. At Mackay he was also well received, and drove out to Hewitt and Romilly's sugar plantation, where he dined and slept. Yesterday morn ing his Excellency breakfasted at Mr. Fitz gerald's residence, on the Alexandra Planta tion, and subsequently inspected the machi nery and cultivation going on on that estate. A public ball was to have been given in Mackay to his Excellency last night. This afternoon the vice-regal party will leave for Bowen, where they expect to arrive this even ing. Preparations for a ball and public din ner have been made at Bowen. On Friday his Excellency will probably leave Bowen for Townsville, and, after a brief stay there, will return to Rockhampton. A PAINFUL case of attempted suicide oc curred at the lock-up in Margaret-street, on Monday afternoon. It appears that a woman named Amelia Shapcott, who has been de ranged for some time past, was brought down from Mr. Davenport's station at Yandilla on Sunday last for medical examination, and re ceived temporary accommodation at the Horse and Jockey Hotel. During the absence of Mr. Shapcott, on Monday morning, the woman effected her escape from the premises, and was ultimately found near the Western Swamp, in Herries-street, and conveyflfi to the lock-up. In the course of the afternoon the constable in charge went to the cell for the purpose of supplying refreshments, when he found the woman bleeding from a wound in the throat, which had been inflicted during her confine ment. Medical assistance was immediately procured, atid it was found that very serious injury had been inflicted, which extended to and affected the windpipe ; and an attempt had been made to open the veins of the right arm. The woman was in a. very precarious couditiou yesterday evening, and the most ex traordinary part of the affair is that the whole of the wounds were inflicted with a hairpin, which the police had thought it unnecessary to remove when she was given into custody, — B. D. Gazette. Political Perils. — To the Editor of the Express. — Sir, — I shall be obliged if you can find room to publish the enclosed, which is a curiosity in its way. In pity I erase the writer's name, as it seems likely that he is ignorant of the insult to me involved in the proposition he ventures to make. I give warn ing, however, that 1 shall not be so indulgent with any future correspondent of a like sort. Public men have a difficult task enough of it, these hard times, honestly to fulfil their duty to their constituents without having such cor rupting influences brought to bear upon them. — I am, Sir, yours, &c.;, K. I. O'Dohebty. George-street, Brisbane, October 13. — ' Octo ber 4, '69. Sir, — 1 hope you will pardon me for troubling you in your high station when you see my motive in doing so. But I don't know no better friend to a country man. I am living in the bush a long time. I am sick and tired off the sort off life I got to lead. What I trouble you here for is to see if you would be so good as to get Me a situation in the Gover ment service. Sir, if I have Made too free in what I aske off you in this letter, I humbley beg your pardon for Doing so, for my Motive is, if I can get it, to lead a More steadier and better life ; for you can't never see a clergy man of your creed up here, nor get a bite off vegetables. Sir, if you do me this favor, I give you my word as a honest working Man that I will never Disgrace that situation you would get me through anney fait off my own that I could perform. Sir, you do me this favour I will give you £25 — twenty-five pounds cash. I hope that thi6 offer be no offence. The situation I could Manage is wardman in the Gaol or in the asylum. I will be verry thankfull if you will answer this if you get it. I am single ; eage 45. — I am. Sir, your obedi ent servant, * * * [The juxtaposition of religious instruction and the ' bite off vege tables' in the above composition is inimitable. —Ed. If. C.] 