PUBLIC PRAYERS BY THE COUNCIL. On each evening of the week Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament was given, and appropriate prayers were recited. On Monday evening he officiating priest was the Rt. llev. the Bishop of Bathurst, and his Lordship's assistant priests were the Very llev. Dean Moore of Ballarat, and Rev. J. Corbett of St. Kilda. On Tuesday evening, Benediction waB given by the Very Rev. Dr. Smytb,V.G., with the Veiy Rev. Dean Moore, and Rev. J. Corbett assisting. On this, and also on the previousevening, the congregation retired at once after Benediction, and the Fathers of the Council deliberated in the Church on particular questions. On Wednesday evening the services comprised Benediction, prayer and sermon. The Very Rev. M. M'Alroy gave Benediction, the Very Kev. Dean Fitzgibbon of Ade. laide and Rev. J. P. Slattery of Daylesford acting as assistant priests. Father Kelly, S.J. preached from the text, " Thou art a priest for ever according to the order of Melchisedeck," and very eloquently discoui6ed on the perpetuity of the Priesthood. On Thursday evening there was Benediction, followed by prayer, Archdeac»n Rigney of Sydney being the officiating priest, the Kev. M. Brannigan of Kilmore and the Rev. J. Corbett bis assistants. The congregation, as on Monday and Tuesday evenings, retired at once and the Fathers of the Council resumed their deliberations. On last Friday evening, Archdeacon Russell of Adelaide gave Beni-diction, Very Rev. DeanFitzgibbon.and Kev, B. Reynolds, al60 of Adelaide, assisting. Father Isaac Moore, S.J., preached before the Council a very able discourse from Acts i, 8: —" But you 6hall receive the power of the Holy Ghost coming upon you, and you shall be witnesses unto me in Jerusalem, and in all .ludea and Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth." The rev. gentleman eloquently referred to the extension of the Church to Australia—the uttermost part of the earth ; illustrated its universality in different senses, and beautifully employed his text to dwell upon the power of the Holy Ghost as it comes upon tbe pastors of the Church, deliberating upon the best means of its extending its influence. There will also be Benediction this (Saturday) evening. On each evening of the eek His Grace the Metropolitan, their Lordships he Suffragan Bishops, the other Fathers of the ouncil, and several clergymen of the city and rom the country districts of this diocese were resent at the services. The sanctuary was filled ith the priesthood, and the Church crowded ith the congregation. It is only necessary here to refer to an anouncement in aaiother part of the paper, that the Council will be closed to-morrow (Sunday), with grand ceremonies, commencing at ten 'clock, when the procession will leave Bishop's House, and that admission will be by card. In the evening, at seven o'clock, there will be Pontifical Vespers, at which the Fathers of the Council will assist. His Grace the Archbishop will then deliver the joint address of the Prelates, making known to the laity the decrees of the Council, and subsequently Benediction of the MoBt Holy Sacrament will be given. The evening's services will conclude with the Pontifical Benediction, which will be given by His Grace the Archbishop. 