NEWCASTLE ANNUAL REGATTA; The above e.vent took place yesterday,, pur suant to previous announcement, and was a great suceess. The attendance of people was as numerous as ever, and the weather was delightful. Between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, there could not have been less $han from- three to fbur|thousand persons wit nesses of the sports ; the wharf from one end of it to the* other being lined with pleasure seekers. Owing to the heavy rain which fell on the previous day (Thursday) there were some misgivings on the part of the promoters ; but the splendid weather of yesterday morning dispelled all doubts, and the result of New castle's great holiday was equal to the most sanguine expectations of all concerned. ,The trains from Maitland, Singleton and elSewhere, brought an immense concourse of people, the majority of whom, however, repaired to the bill and to the beach. Still, the crowd on the wharves was enormous, espe cially in the afternoon, when it fully equalled that of any previous occasion. The good ship Alexander did duty as a flagship, and well was she patronised throughout the day. Thesplendid band of the Maitland volunteers was on board, and added much to the enjoyment of the day by its inspiriting strains. The arrangements of the committee were good, and great praise is due to all concerned in getting up the re gatta, but particularly to the energetic secre tary, Mr. C. H. Hannell. Although the space was rather circumsciibed, dancing was car-, riud oh with great spirit between the . vari ous events, and eveyone on board the flagship appeared to enjoy themselves to their heart's content. The occurrence of the regatta on our day of publication must be our excuse for a more lengthy account of this most successful aquatic tournay. We append the result of the various events : — ? First Kaco — To Btart at Eleven o'clock : — For YOUTHS, not exceeding fifteen (16) years of age, pulling a i-air ol' sculls, in diugies, not exceeding twelvo feet on the keol. Courso : From flagship round the red beacon, .round a. boat moored oil' Scott's Point, and back to tho flagship. First prize, £l ; second prize, pair of sculls, presented by Mr. T. W. Knight. Kntrauco, Si. Tho Fury— James Hughes ? 1 The Imp — John Fagan ? 2 Tho Alarm — Francis Hughes ? 3 Second Race — To start at half-past Eleven : — For banajidc AMATEUttS who have never won an ad vertised (first) prine— either singly or otherwise — pulling u. pair of oars, with coxswain, in light water man's skiffs. Course: From flagship, round the red beacon, round a boat moored oil' Scott's Point, round the black buoy, and back past, the flagship— twieo over. First prize, £8 ; second prize, Jt2. Maggie -J. .Charlton aud Goodsir; coxswain, J. - Taylor ? 1 Athlete— T. and J. Hoguo ; coxswain, It. Bryant... 2 Alertn — T. Fagau and C. Phillips ; coxswain, If. Hughes .... ... ... ... ... ... 3 Third Race. — To start at Twelvo o'clock :— Handicap Kace.— For Licensed WATERMEN, pulling a pair of sculls, in honufidc working boats that havo been regularly used by them on tho ferry for three mouths previous to the Kogatta, Course: From lluL'ship, round the red beacon, round a boat moored off Scott's Point, round the black buoy, and back past the flagship. First prize, £7j; second prize, £1. Entrance, 14s. Magpie— W. ltinker, lOlbs .„ ? 1 EmniL-line— It. Hickey, 501bs ? 2 Alice— T. Jackson, feather ... ... ? 3 The inequality of the boats, together with the handicap, prevented Hickey from winning. The race was a good one, and excited great in terest. Fourth Raco.- -To start at half-past Twelvo :— For. YOUTHS, not exceeding eighteen years of ago, pulling a pair of oars, with coxswain, in light waterman's bkiffs, Course : Same as No. 3. First prize, £S ; second prize, £2. Entrance, Ilia. Alertc — J. Lini'tburncr and T. Warlaud ; coxswain, J.Taylor ? 1 Galatea— O. liuniB and J. Hughes ; coxswain, .It. Hughes ? ? ... 2 Maggie — M. Asquith aud J. Scott ; coxswain, K. IJoyce ? 3 A good start was effected, and the three boats passed the flagship the first time close together. After passing the flagship, the Alertc took the lead, and maintained it to the finish. The Galatea was six or seven lengths behind the winning boat ; Maggie never had any chance from the start. : '_../ ?''? Fifth Race. —To start at Ono o'clock :— For all BOATS (decked or otherwise), not excoeding r. twenty-two foot overall, under canvas. Courae: ' Samo as No-. 8. First prize, £20 ; second prize, £5. Entrance, 40s. ' Clio-E. ai'Plienlbn ? 1 Ixio'n— T. M. Brown ? ? 2 Elanio— A. Uiciiardson ? ... 3 This was, perhaps, the most exciting event of tliu day, and a considerable amount of money w:w invested on the Clio. The lxion got the start, but was overhauled by the Clio at Scott's slip, and was never afterwards headed. ~ The race was- a capital one, both boats, viz., the Clio and the lxion, being splendidly handled. The Ixioh, being a heavier boat, required more wind than the Clio, hence her position in the race. The Callecn Bawn carried away lier mast before starting. Tho Elanie was nowhere. Sixth Race.— To start at half-past Two :— For BALLASTMEN, LIGHTERMEN, and COAL TRIMMERS, pulling a pair of oars, with coxswain, in boats not exceeding twenty- five feeton the keel. Course : Same as No. 2. First prize, £9 ; second Trident — E. Beeston and R. Buhil j coxswain, J. Taylor ? 1 Star — H. Malone and H. Liineburnei- : coxswain, R. Hnghos ... ... ..; ? 2 The other two boats, Maggie and Fairy) gave up. Sovonth Race.— To start at Throe o'olook :— Por AMATEURS, pulling a pair of fcuIIs, in light watorman's skiffa. Course : Same as No. 2. . First prize^jC3 ; second prize, £2. Entrance, 14s. Maggie — R. Fairchild and T. Warlund : coxswain, ' . , ^?5. Taylor ... ' ... ? ;.. I Stranger— J'. Hogue and F. Hill; coxswain, R. . Bryant ? ... ? ? 2 Alerto— \V. Burkhill and T. Fagau; coxswain, It. Hughes t' ? ... ? ' ... ... 3 The Stranger took the lead, and kept it until the last round, when she was passed by the Maggie. Eighth Race.— To start ut half-past Threo :— ' For bonajide SKIFFS, under canvas j no boat to rank less than twenty-two feet ; boats over that length to allow half a minuto time per foot ; fins, centre boards, false keels, and washboards excluded; Courso: From flagship, round -the black buoy, round a boat moored between tho dropship am Bullock Island point, round the red beacon, and ' back to the flagship— twice over. First prize, £10 ; second prize, £2. Entrance, 20s. . Hannah— W. Rinker ... ... ... ... ... 1 Emmelino— R/Hiokey... ... ... , ? 2 Alice -Jackson ? * ,?.„« ... ... 3 Ninth Race. — Toaturtut ifo'ur o'olook :— For MEMUERS of the NAVAL'BRIGADE, in uni form (whito)— to bo steerod- by warrant) or petty officers— puuing.nve oars, in bonafide whalsboats). Course: Same as No. 2. First prizo,\\-£l8 ; second prize, £-1. Entrance, 26s. Blackbird— Tierney, JohiiBon, Morris, Skelton, and Sparkos ; ooxswain, J. Taylor ... ' ? 1 Prospector— Cotter, Oldfield, M'Cartney, Hards, and Trelovan ; coxswain, Ooloman ' ... ... 2 Stranirer— Harvey, Reedy, Bull, Walters, and V /Albrecht ... ? 3 The Stranger took the lead, but was soon overhauled by the Blapkbird. Tonth Race. -To start *t half- past Four o'clock :— For AMATEURS, pulling two pair of loulls, in lijrht watermen's skiffs, with coxswain. Course : Same as No. 2. First prize, £8t second prise', £2. ? En. trance, lCs, , , ? ! . Alerte^T. Newton and A. Fairhall ; coxswain, J. Staiibridge ? 1 Oftlateo— H. Burns and M. O'Brien ; coxswain, R. ? Hughes ? k ... ?:,-... ? 2 Stranger -M. Jordan and E. Hannell ; coxswain, J. Taylor ? ... ... 3 Eleventh Race. — To start at Five o'olock : — GIG and DINGY. Prize, £2. The gig not to be less than twenty-five /eet long; the bowman of the gig ? to catch tho man in the dingy within twenty. five minutes ; tho dingy to keep in open water. Gig— Fly— A. Richardson. Dingy — Parkes' Ghost — D. Lindsay. The gig won, the dingy being caught abreast of the flagship. This concluded the sports, and the evening being now well advanced, the large assemblage quickly dispersed. No accident worth men tioning occurred .throughout the day. Between one and two o'clock the committee of manage ment sat down to a sumptuous luncheon in the after cabin, when several toasts were drunk, including the health of ' The Queen.' Captain Edwards, the Secretary (Mr. C. U. Hannell), the Treasurer '('Mr. M'Dermott), and the Pre sident (Mr. James Hannell, M.L.A.) Want of space prevents us from reporting the speeches in this issue, but we hope to find room for an outline of them in our next. . 