IIOMA. Frerom a corre?sjorndent of tile oerwoombar Clronicle. We've had a meeting. Wildini Mdaes, Esq., M.L.A., hios give n an aeeout of his eteeardebrip. Tire free and independent mei on Saturday evening lst,pur aesot to advertisement (Town Crier mith bullock bell). William Miles, Rsq., M?.L.A., talked like a book. The Mayor took thie chair, and having ec plained the ohbjeet of themeetiog, Mr. Miles proceeded to address the electors. I am not a lshortl-hand writer, and cannot give tile ipsissilma aerba of the hen. member; I must therefore content myself with sup plying ithe ghost of a report. Mr. Illies ilrst gate his reasons for opposing thie present Oovernient. ie then proceeded (a la disoance) to punch the teads of thre present. Ministry, Lilley excepted. Tbhe Hen. the Minister for Laiude woe (in the opinion of the meet ing) knocked into a cocked hat, end very uncompli mclltuLry rerllrks were pissed anrnt selectionsa on tihe bhanks of trie Conduamine. Mr. Miles alto adverted to the necesity of opening thie ilnds for selection. liv told his sudience that if t.wenty tlhousand acres of his ruan were required eor selection, hie would most cheer fullv surrender the lot. After briefly alluding to the Stauito Wages and Pastoral Relief Bills, Mr. Miles conluddd by saying that he should be most happy to unswer any questions that might be put to hiim. Everybody being setinlied, Mr. R.J. Cottell moeted, "That the electors of thre Mursnon have fulol confi6 dence in their represenittire, Mr. Miles, and that they consider himrr," ce., &e.; Seconded by Mr. L. samsoln, nod carried with lots of cheering. A rote of thanks having been accorded to his Worshipl tihe Mayor (Thomas M''Ewen, Esq.) the meeting dispersed with drinks. Tile eoeather is getting "milder"; 95 degrees in the oecn air shade is the last mturking of thie thermo meter. Who is the coming man for the Warrego? The Ulon. King Arthur retire. Upon whom will the mntle foll I know. I don't live like the Peripa tetic Philosopiher, in a gaspipe, but I live in a dark I:antern, and though nobody can see me, I can take a sight at everybody else. Geary is the man. I don't think hlie will be friendly to the present linistry. Taking hint in conjunction with our old friend Ferrott, of stalt itical notoricty (who intends to go in again), we may rnasonahly conclude that the "Opposition" will be coisideiably strengtlnened. About tihe neatest thing in "canses" nwas hiard yesterday. A mon driven from his own lodginngs by " fleas" nrked annother man to let him leep in a new store then in corne of erection. After sleeping there for Iweany-three weeks, lie had a row with the pro prietor of the store. rThe sleeper accommodated the ntorherhper nith a bill for £23--one pound per week for tuking care of the store at night. Tiheleorekeeper being " obtuse" didn't ee it, neither did the Police Magistrate, who nent the cnase to--dismissal. lma, Scpiiembrr_21, 1869. Surveying is being proceeded with on the Jimbour plains, about fifteen or sixteen stiles from town. Forms are being marked oil into all manner of shapes and sizee, so that any one so inclined may, by and by, pur. chbse a triangular, square, longitudinal, or even a cir cular patch of land o?n which lie may then, growI niothling. it is the very great?est farce this laying out of fores on a plain where there is so water to be hsd for mileo oud a gsum tree looks the size of a lhand bouquet because opf tie distanee. On the 'ILh of Ilanst mooth somse eighty lots were offered here by Ithe Land Ag,,lt and not an acre sold; bat still the eurveiysg goes on and the farce of laying out farms is proceededd 'ith. There are many places where Ite work of tlhes surveyor might be useful; in country close at ihastd, wilth warter near to it and some kind of tree shado above it, and where people would go and form if they might, but tlhey masy not.--Dalby correspondent of the D. D. Gazelle. 