P1CK1NCS FROM 'ADELAIDE lMJNCJll.' EXTRACTS FROM A POLICEMAN'S NOTR-KOOK. v^?stl-r^y *?? ,irasHib!e in(liv»uual, Ills temper. N.B.-This article is being so frequently lout that only a small reward is offered. ixw. w an lnuignant father, two nights' alesp. The thief is supposed to bo a teething baby. Lost, by a young ladv. at a ball, her appetite; could really only play with the wing of a chicken. Lost, her teeth, by a young lady, sixty years of age. A person of the name of Time Is considered to be the thief; also, Lost, liis hair, by an individual who occasionally differs in opinion with his wife. Question for Braokeru.-What is the price ol a fire-plug of tobacco ? A Photographic Firm.— Collodion. Sun, and Camera. JOKE BY THE CHIEF HtUHlITARY. Now that Parliament is prorogued w« shall probably find many good thing* enlivening tho heavy columns of the Gorernment Ga:ctiec. Tha subjoined is a pretty fair beginning:— 'The following return of deaths which have occurred in Her Majesty's Gaol at Adelaide 1* published for general information. .i u i » , JmH T* Baooti Chiel Secretary. 'Eeturn of deathB in Her Mojenty's Gaol at Adelaide for the half-year ending 31st De. cembcr, 18(58, 'Nil. ..... . 'William E. Boothbt, Shwiff.' If this is what the Chief Secretary aud the Shenrl call a 'return of deaths,' we wiahthem. many happy returns vl the sainu tort. CONS. What most clogs a commercial traveller? -Hit P3tte(r)ns. What is an annual crop of hair?— An year wig. What is the u»e of a cradle?-For kid-napping What do sparrows like!— Oherry pec(k)torak of course. What charge do birds take exception to?-Tho charge of powder. How can you sing waterproof ?-By pitchinff yourroice. A Crystal Ghost.-A glass shade. Epitaph on a Billiard Playei.— The long rest. The mostsensible Letters of the Alphabet.- Y, X. The Corporation Zeal.— Flagging. The ?' trioury' Land -South Australia. Motto for the Newly Married-United we itandC DOES IT PAT TO SMOKE? Perhaps it does, and perhaps it doesn't. It M depends. It may, or it may not What's it to- ??-'' M«nd your own business. Who smokes! What is it that is smoked; Is it bacon? or chim neys? or opium? or cabbage-leaves? or beef? oir mutton? Taken in conjunction with 'Wilt Me- Coming Man Drink Wine? ' we think- ah hum that, in fact, we will let you know ia our next. GOVERNMENT C71AMMAR. The OautU of the 4th February contains the following announcement :-'Bloomfield Oonglat. Esq.. Lieut. B.N.H., Collector of Her Majesty's Customs, having resigned the appointment of President of the , Marine Board. flSTSSncy Administering the Government, in Executive Council, has been pleased to accept the mm. By command. John T. Bagot. CbJtf Secretary.' «i.Aliw»' to ,u,nder8taD(1, Wo the foregoing that the Acting Governor j« also President of the. Marine Board, or would « be treasonable to sugge»t that the Hon. the Chief Hecretary should irams diately place himself In communication with the Central Board ot Education with the view of renewum his acquaintance with the late Mr. LindltT Murray? * OOVERNMENT VAI.XNTIKES. As tomorrow is St. Valentine's Day the pMMiit » u suitable moment to mention that evm the Government of this colony are not above joining ui (he time-honoured custom of Rending out a valentine now and theu. The following linen will explain :— O! shepherds South Australian, your lot U more Arcadian Than that of Greek or ltoman, sung by the tuneful Nine, For to keep you all in order along the scabby border, You're Governments who send to you tbeir loving Valentine! SHIFTING INTELLUiKNCE. Imports— One case of smallpox. Dr. Duncan;: two trunks of elephants. Dr. Schomburgk; one^ stage coach, Theatre KoyaL Arrived-The papers recently state that 'the- Btestner Rancatira turned np on Saturday after noon, and immediately steamed over the bar i&ta-; harbour.' How she ' turned up' is not explained ?? but Kit enabled her to get over the bMwffiC risk of damape from that intolerable obitraotioai we shall be glad to see other vestels turn ap. The* more the merrier. NEWS OF THB YfntK. A .gentleman has written to tht Government enquiring Why hit nairne bai been ommiul from the 1ms of gertises of the peas, in B.oothby'» Directory.' Reply has been sent, that the IPVU, . . , ! 