GENERAL NEWS: • ^Ve understand that the fine; ship "Vernon,' 1,319 tons register, has been chartered for the conveyance; of horses, to Calcutta by . Messrs. J.'Stilling & Co., from, the' Melbourne , agents, Messrk? Virgoe-, Son, Co;...; -and.-.that . she may be expected in Port Adelaide in eight i'or .ten days. Sbe might afford an opportunity of sending sample lots of South Australian produce to the Indian markets, and we have no doubt many of our colonial manufacturers will make the experiment. On Friday evening the Glen Osmond Amateur Dramatic Club gave ah entertainment, assisted by lady amateurs, in the schoolroom, in aid of the funds of a new Institute. There was a very large attendance. The programme commenced with an overture and several songs by lady amateurs, which reflected great credit upon them. The Club then acted the come dietta " Heads or Tails," and the piece passed off remarkably well. The ladies having favored i the company with some more excellent songs, the Club gave the farce " Cherry Bounce," the comicalities of which pleased the audience amazingly. After a piece had been skilfully executed on, the piano, the.;whole Company saiig " God Save the Queen," and "so ended one of the most successful entertainnisnts yet,given by this Club. Too, much praise cannot be given to the young , lai lies who so kindly contributed to the evening's entertainment. . . The JBunyip says—We are glad, in ..he • general fear of a bad harvest, to be informed by a gentleman, who this week has been" down'the Gawler Eiver to the neighborhood of Virginia and Two "Wells, that the crops about there are looking' most promisingly. We-also hear that about the Gumeracha district' the" wheat is_ as high as the fence, and the heads are beginning to droop with their o.wn weight. As Messrs. Thomas and Davidson were ; travelling in the neighborhood of Mount Craw-; ford a few days ago, they killed no less than three snakes, one of them being over 7 feet long. Mr.-Thomas was standing at the door of . a hut, and felt a peculiar tickling on his leg, and on looking down, observed a large brown ■; snake twisting round him. In his friglih lie , gave a tremendous leap, at_ the; same:, time striking .it on the head," which shook off the ; reptile, and it was then killed.—Bunyip. The Full Court will sit on Monday, that: being the first day of term. " . , |f We are requested to call attention to ! to an announcement in the Advertiser inti mating , the . intended sale of the : Southern Arg us 'newspaper. : An advertisement informs the public that 'the timely and; excelleht address of "the Chairman of the Baptist Union has. been puh-! lished in a cheap form for general, circulation. 1 . .The Committee " appointed to. assist the Government in the shipment of an experimental I Cargo jo India, met again on Friday.. morning, and made some progress. Of course, a3 business men, their first enquiry was whether a cargo j could be guaranteed ;; as without the certainty; of a cargo it would be rash to charter freight. We believe the/first point is now, pretty well "secured; and that 250 or 300 tons of .fi'ourwill, • in all probability, be available as part of the! venture:" We beg to direct special attention to ' an advertisement on this subject in this day's j Express. ■ • ' ; . ; ; A sad accident happened near the Sod; Hut Inn;-on the Burra-ioad, on Tuesday even-; ing last, to Mrs. Forbes, of Kapunda,. who was travelling to the Burra in a trap driven by Mr. j Williams, of Waterloo. From some unknown \ cause the horse commenced kicking, and after throwing the driver out; smashed the vehicle : and kicked Mrs. Forbes on the thigh just above ; the knee, producing a fracture of the bone. Whilst trying to escape from the trap she at tempted to use the broken limb, and thus forced the bone two inches through the flesh. She was conveyed on a mattrass in a spring dray, by Mr. Need, of Gadsto'ne, to the: Sod Hut Inu, where, under ithe care of Dr. Dashwood, she is progressing very favorably.; ■ On Thursday. evening," 21st,- a. lecture was delivered by Mr. Wm. Townsend, M.P.; in Victoria Schoolroom, Morphett Vale—James Clark, Esq., J.P., in the chair ; and when we.. - say the . subject was the "lights, and. Shadows of London .Life, "we almost think it superflous to state that the room was crowded, and every one.was amused and instructed. Mr. Hale, from Noarlunga, veiy kindly interspersed the. proceedings with music, which added to the pleasure of the even ! irig. Judging from the attendance," the proceeds, which are to go to* reduce the debt on the schoolroom, will be considerable. The. lecturer was certainly worthy of the vote of thanks accorded by the meeting, wHch was numerous and influential. \- Tile 'following is -from the Guhdagai Times :■£>" We learn'that a ghost has come to dwell amongst us. We cannot, as yet, indicate the~spectr"e's residence, if it has one, but the culvert familiarly termed Bennett's Folly, on the sideling of- Mount Parnassus^ seems .one of its haunts, as we have been informed that on- Sunday 'evening ' last "a - gentleman resi dent in our locality who was riding past this spot was there confronted by the supernatural visitant.. It rose; apparently from' under " the culvert, tall, shadowy, and with a livid; phos phoric light playing about it, such as a bad fish hung in a dark place exhibits. As the shape approached the startled steed reared, and the rider's hair stood on end; but the apparition seemed to pass under the horse, and_disappeared with a faint hollow sound,like a distant dying 1 groan.' We need not say the horseman made all haste to quit the spot. But we may add that another party avers that he has seen this spectre in the same place, that it passed him by like a flash of fire, and that he thought his whiskers were singed off by it. So far thi3 is satisfactory—every place ought to be celebrated for something, and a well-authenticated local ghost would add something to our township's reputation." 