OPENING OF^THE SYNOD OF CATHOLIC BISHOPS. One- of the most imposing ceremonies in connection with the Catholic Church that has ever been witnessed hi Melbourne, or probably in any of the Australian colonies, took place on 18th nit,, in St. Patrick's Cathedral. The | opening of the Provincial Counoil of the Auu- I tralian Catholic Hierarchy was celebrated with j much solemnity and magninoenoe of religious 1 ceremonial. As it is generally about once in a generation that suoh an event takes place, peouliar interest attached to it, and members of other religions denomination-! as well as those of the Catholic Church looked forward with pleasure to being present at tho proceedings. The present synod has been PROCESSION OP THE AROHBISiSOP AND BISHOPS OF AUSTRALIA. ON THE OCCASION OF THE SECOND PROvUfoiAL COUNCIL, HELD Ai1 ' 7 -? ' ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL, MELBOURNE, APRIL, 1869. PROCESSION OP THE AROHBISiSOP AND BISHOPS OF AUSTRALIA. ON THE OCCASION OF THE SECOND PROvUfoiAL COUNCIL, HELD Ai1 ' 7 -? ' ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL, MELBOURNE, APRIL, 1869. THE WRECK OF THE HUEEICANE. THE WRECK OF THE HUEEICANE. convoked by bis Grace the Archbishop of Sydney, Primate of Australia, to whom alone it belongs to nnmmon . such assemblages in these colonies. The questions to be dealt with by the Bynod daring its session will embrace mixed marriages, education, church discipline, and similar matters appertaining to ecclesias . tioal government. The connoil will consist of two sessions, the first of which was inaugurated on Sunday, and the second opening on the 22nd inst., with solemn reqniem high mass and office for the repose of the souls of the bishops and clergy who have died since the last synod was held. Tho council will sit privately in the Bishop's Palace, Bast Melbourne, every day during the present week ; and will bring its deliberations to a closo on Sunday next by a public ceremonial similar to that which took place on Sunday. Probably the result of the conference will be a joint pastoral from the prelatoB assembled to the olcrgy and laity of the Australian dioceses. Having thus explained brieily the nature of the assemblage and its peculiar functions, we proceed to de scribe the ceremonies which, were performed on Sunday by way of inauguration, and to im plore the Divine blessing on its deliberations. Admission to the cathedral was by ticket, the ohnrch being divided into three portions for the reception of persons according to the price of the ticket procured. The entire nave con tain ed tho lirBt seats, the eastern aisle the second, and the western aielo the third. The ceremonies of the day were announced to commence at ten a.m., but from as early as eight o'clock the precincts of the church and its immediate vicinity was crowded by persons awaiting the opening of the dobrB. Abont half past nine o'clock admission was accorded, and the crush then experienced was somuthing un pleasant to many. The bencheB immediately in front of the high altar nnd in Hit vicinity of the pulpit were, qnickly oc cupied, .and in less than half uu .hour {fitting accommodation wns quite out of I lie question for tlioso who uaiqe in, although us ample provision »b was practicable .had been xnade for seating the congregation. The mem bers of St. Francis Benefit Society, wearing the blue sash of the .order, acted as stewards; and prooared seats for ladiea when it was poa Bible to do so. A temporary platform rising in tiers had been erected at the south end of the cathedral for the members of the choir, who numbered about sixty vocal and instrumental .peififormers, including a band, tho whole beiiig under, the able leadership of Mr G. . R. G. Pringle. Soon after ten o'clock tho bishops and.olergy having vested in the private chapel 6t the Bishop of Melbourne attached to the episcopal residence, a procession moved from tho ohupol referred to in the following order ;;— Thnrifer with. Thurible, cross-bearer supported by an acolyte on oithor side, about twenty youths in surplices and rod cassocks, clergy, from, tho various dioceses; seven euflragaii bishops attired in copo and. initro, and the Archbishop of Sydney; attended byhifi chaplains; and followed by two youths beurliig his train. The procession having moved through the grounds attached to the bishop's reBidenoe, entered the cathedral by the prin cipal door, and moved np the centre of the nave to within the chancel, where the bishops and clergy took up seats prepared for them. Immediately on the proces sion entering the church, the choir burst forth its sacred music with an effect which was exceedingly fine. Eaoh bishop had his .own chaplain in attendance on him, within the sanctuary. Grand pontifical high mail of the Holy Ghost was then commenced, the Archbishop of Sydney officia ting as celebrant, the Rev. G. V. Barry . as deacon, and the Rev. J. P. Corbett as sub deacon. The Very Rev. Dr. Sheehy, of Sydney, acted as assistant priest, Archdeacon Rigney and Dean Moore as deacons at the throne, and tho Rev. Messrs Corlotti and O' Sullivan as masters of ceremonies. Mass having concluded, the procession reformed in the order as before, and passed down the nave of the church and round the exterior, singing the. hymn ' Ave Moris stella,' and the Psalms, 'Exul- 'tate Deo:' 'Fundamenta ejus,' 'Quam dileota,' 'Ecoe quam bonum,' ?' Exandi noa Domine,' 'Exorgat Deris.' Having returned to the chancel, and concluded the chanting of the Psalms, ' the Arch bishop offered up prayer. After the sing ing, of some other psalms and hymns and the offering up ef further prayers, the' debreeB to be .observed, during the synod were read. All the bishops then kneeling aronnd the altar, recited aloud the profession of faith of Pius IV., and each prelate in his turn solemnly sworo to profess y that faith till death, and as far as in him lay to preserve it inviolable amongst those over whom he was placed in pastoral charge. The indictionor proclamation of the second session of the synod was thon made by tub Arclibi ahop's secretary, and after Dr. Polding had im parted tho benodiotion tho ecclesiastics ''ift tho church in proco.Haion as they had entered it, nnd tho proceedings doled at about half-pant ono o'clock. Iu the evening, pontifical voapora wore sung, all tho ^'shpps and clorgy nguiu assembling. Tho V try. Boy; Dr. Buckhuua, of Sandhurst, pre Bi'ed at tho organ. At tho conclu sion of. vcBpers, tho Biahop of delaide a»«etidcd tho pulpit and preached a well digested and bfoqubnt seriiioh froni St. John; 10th chaptor, 16th vowo, ' And otlior nhoep I havb that are not of thin fold ; ll|oae iiho I must gutter together, and thoro whall bo brie foid and one ,Hhephord.' Tho cathedral was as ftiii in the qyening an in tho forenoon, ihii passages being coinpletoiy blocked up . with' persons Unqblo to obtain uents. BonediotiBri conpltidod tho servicou of tlio Any, arid the ?opening of tho council waB completed . 