OLLA PODRIDA. I PABlilAitENTATi'r Piolarías.-Wo havo now no Parlia- ment 5 BO here you have tho last of my pickings ; Parlia- ment died early this week, and about timo it did, too ; although Dr Lang'says its death was somewhat promaturo. What on oarth tho reverend gentloman moant, when he mada that remark, is not easy to conoeire ; for if ever a publia body deserved to die, if ever a publio body had been^too long together, these things could bo predicated of the late Commons House of New South Wales. The publio wore anxious to get rid of their representatives j andi verily believe thoro wasn't a man in the Country, barring Dr lang, who thought there was anything pre- mature about their dissolution. Ho's a funny old gentle- man, though, is tho Doctor 5 and nobody but his own funny, old'self would have thought of parading a recommendation of a successor, in his seat, as ho did his of " David." It was a marvollonsly commercial looking affair; but wanted completing, by tho addition of David's promise to deserve a continuation of the patronage so liberally bestowod for many years upon his predecessor. . Tho Dootor didn't think of that. I suppose he (that is, 1 T?.°,CTOR^ "ßoinßinfor being " Prime Minister" in the Kirk, now, and giving up Politics for Religion. When last I wrote, the moribund Parliament was in articulo j and sinco thon tho last dying speech has been made ; the writs hoyeappeared in the papers - and the good gentle- men aro to their homes gone. Not many addresses hove as yet oppeared j but tho few that are before me show a great likelihood of many changes in tho constitution ot the Do wer House. Sundry gentlemen will retire from the Political arena 5 and not a few now hands will bo fouad at tho bellows,' when the blowing machinery is Axed up in proper.order again. I am bound in fairness, to Btoto confidentially in this place, that so! for the now candidatos don't imprcBB ino with any very marvellous idea of improvement on those who hove gone before, I don't moon this to opply tb Charley Cowper, whoT shall be right glad to welcome'onoe more in tho Chamber ; and I hopo to soo him sitting ohook hy jowl with Honorable Jolin. Tho opposition havo not yet indicated of what matoriols their "Bunohoa" will bo composed for the two divisions of the Metropolis, but there is no doubt that " bunching" will bo the ordor of the doy, on both sides. Of course Parkes will take Buchanan under his wing (I told you; didn't I ? that they had been seen in earnest confab, ot a street corner ?) ; and tho newspaper reports of speeohea in tho ''? The Houso " will boa column or tiro longer next session if the doughty declaimer drqps quietly into a seat; Thoy say David is vory popular on tho Northern Gold Fields and would "get in flying;" but what has Hoskins done? The latter very useful member didn't look like a man whoso constituents had 'Hipped him turnips," when I saw; him* a day or two since; and yet thore aro people who positively say he's not going. to find his woy again into the houso. Mr De Salis has published a fino parting manifesto, os far OB length is concerned ; and that's alli know about it ; for tho length regularly frit me and I nover accomplished the reading part of tho business. Doubtless tho' good people of Queanbeyan will.be muoh advantaged by the hints and advice of their late member. We aro - going to have seven wooks of considérable excitement; and in the Metropolitan districts.especially, party feeling will run high. I, for my part shall not be sorry whon tho tenth of January arrives, and the three Gold Fields writs aro roturned. 'A general.election does thc country no good; and tho addresses aro not oven good reading ; being as a general rule full of " rot," and not writ by the persons whose names are stuck at the bottom of them. Tho most easily pleased eleetor fails to seo any poetry in Charley Sparkle's address, when he knows that it was written by BillirufF tho lawyer who lends Charley's monoy out on interest. All theso things take away from tho pleasure of politics ; if suoh things aa politics exist in those degenerate days. I, for my part, have long since ceased to think that evory Member of Parliament must of necessity bo á hero, any more than that every "Boak" is bound to bo a gentlemen. A bookmakiug acquaintance of mino is making a thousand pound right out book on these elections; and a thousand pound treble ovent book as well. Ho says there's only ono right down,certainty, and that's "Old Nepoan" and ho's going to make a* book/or him. Charloy Cowper is sure to mount to the head of tho poll for East Sydnoy ; and very deservedly to. Parkes is not going to opiose Garrett at Shoalhaven-Oh ovvings ! what a pity ! Why tho ox-Chairman of Committees would knook smoko out of tho colobrated Ghost Seer, if thu lattor luminary went wagging his board at Shoalhaven. That's just tho identical plaoo where my friend " Tom" has a tower of strength ; and Henry had bettor keep away from there if ho has any particular dosire to be returned. I wonder what Bowie Wilson's going to do this time for a seat. Ho had to bo oxtensivel/ hawked about last time before he found the people that wanted Ihitn, and this child has a strong idea that tho same thing is likely to occur again. Ho's wonderfully heavy goods is John Bowio; and if there,s ono class of "ponderosity" that's moro un- bearable than all others, its J'parliamentary' pondero- sity." What good people Sic 'James Martin is going to throw himself away upon is moro than I can even give a fair guess at ; but I somehow don't think the Lachlan peoplo oare about having him any more. However, he .won't bo troubled this. time with Charley tho younger. My Parliamentary Pickings, having come to an end by reason of there being no Parliament to pick at, I shall endeavour to sendyou a'few bits of fun from the country, olootions whore' I shall bo on duty; as I'm sorry to Boy " Tho General" has not sent mo to keep tho Vice-Royal fruit and flowers in safety. So, I toko my leave of the. morabors whoso doings I havo been keeping an oyo on'' tho House for tho last two months; and you niU3t-do without any moro at present from yours ^obediently, FOUCHE. OUE STKEBT.-Tho prosont Sydnoy mania is_for build- ing-Pyrmont stone and brioks and mortar being looked upon by our capitalists as quite tho best investment; .and the new houses aro going up apace in " Our Strcot." Now, " Front do Bcouf" would dearly like to know what is going to bo dono to beautify,tho outsido portion of tho Polico-OfHco>purlieus in Georgé-stráct, now that the wall has boen pulled down. I was glad to BOO that wall go down !to moko tho Btroet wider;"', but the look of tho placolisn't' a bit improved by' tho prosont aspect of affairs ; with " Commit no nuisonoo" in great ugly black letters staring ono iii tho foco. I suppose, though, they'll pull down that old Police Court entirely when tho now Town Hall is finished, whioh won't bo this weok, or next, and they might just.as well give, the placo a decent appear anoo.of respectability in tho meantime. Prince Alfred Park will bo a sceno of great aotivity for tho noxt four or five months, as of oourso tho Corporation will go ahead as fast as thoy can with tho now Exhibition Building. That was ono good, thing the late Parliament did when thoy incorporated the Agricultural Society-a. body that is likely, to work moro good for tho oolony gonorally than any other I know ; and I hopo wo may havo tho orrangonionts completed in timo to hold tho noxt show before tho wet woather sots in. Talking about.buildings, that Booms rather a dangerous woy of doing things that thoy havo boon adopting at tho markots whoro tho plooo is newly roofod in. I don't think there hove boon any accidonts havo ocourrcd. Two or throo. weeks back one of tho nion fell from' tho top onto tho ground, and was noarly killed-or at any roto, very seriously hurt ; and only last Tuesday anothor man slipped, as did also tho plonk on which ho was standing. Tho man held on by tho ironwork until aladdcr was procurad ; but tho plank foll closoalongsidoofMr William Roberts, Solicitor, who ranon exceedingly narrow escapo-moet providential, for had tho plank fallen on his shoulder it must havo killed him instantly ; and as it was, it grazed his eido as it carno down. Tho old markot looks quito gay now, with tho quantity of ornamonts oxposcd for sale. Those aro lately arrived by tho La Hoguo, and consist of groups of arti- ficial fruit and flowers, and stuffed birds, vory nicely arrangod under glass Blindes ; and Bomo of thom aro really a long way tho most beautiful things of tho kiud that " Our Stroot" has ovor seen. Pooplo aro beginning to talk about Boxing Day ; and "Front do Bcouf" hears overy day all sorts of rumours about tho groat amusements wo aro to havo. Athletic sports being just now all tho rngo, thoro nro nny quantity of boys, youths, and mon careering along "Our Stroot" in regular professional style. Bicyelo business, too, is largoly on tho inoronsoj and I knoar for a fuct that those velocipedes aro likely to bo turned to eovornl usoful purposes. I shnll notify tho fact, ns soon us it is un fail accompli. By-tho- woy, among tho Boxing Day sports I noto thut a gontlomnn signifies his intention of going ".Up in a Balloon;" tho vellido or mnohino, or whatever it is, is in the course of manufacture eomowhoro in " Our Stroot." If this sensation comoB off ns announcod, Front do Bcouf vory muoh hopes that tho leronant will havo 11 pleasant ride umongst tho clouds, and roturn to terra Jirina wilhout acoidolit. I hato such dangerous oxporimonts ; but tho tasto of tho ngo is all for sonsation ; and if Tommy Dodd, and Sam Bokor, and old Nut Gosling oould bo got together to go " Up in this Balloon" thoro would bo precious fow pooplo at any other of tho Boxing Day sports ; not oven nt Botany, which is now becoming, under Mr Molony's improving hand, ono of tho vory nicost places of tho aort in tho world. Its to work his way through on tho Inside. Davis thou ohongod tho whip to his loft hand, and with ono out down tho shoulder, brought Charon to his sumos, as he sprang forward, and won cleverly by a length. Of course there woro two protosts, and nny quantity of evidence. Sam« «tutee» on« thing, and. ionic another, but. tho consequonco is that ono or two natural advantages aro immonse ¡ and the proprietor of tho Sir Josoph Banks lias spared no pains, and grudged no oxponso to turn theso advantages to tho greatest and best aooonnt. In fact I don't know what thora isn't to bo found at Botany. On tho Princo of Wales' Birthday, "all tho protty girls" woro thore; and on Boxing Day there is lo boa "Baby Show." I suppose tho coming mail will bring us some news of the great pedestrians i who are coming out from England ; and people .will i begin proparing for their reoeption. Won't tho Albert i Ground bo crowded when Toploy makes his first appear- i ance. Of course Baker and Hamilton will each have a trial trip with him ; and over (hat thoro will be hugo excitement. His Honor Judge Cheeke has been presid- i ing over the Criminal Court at Darlinghurst ; and Judge i Hargraves has also had a "go in" at the samo business. Some very heavy cases havo been tried, and seldom bas i there boen a session whon the calondar contained so many offences that bavo caused so much excitement in tho pub- lia mind, as what havo been this time beforo the courts. In the cases of Clark and Mason the juries have rotiirned verdicts of manslaughter. Thero aro any quantity of amusements now for tho Sydnoy public to pass away tho night time with ; and an old friend of mine, one George Simms, a rare specimen of a right oxoollont low comedian, has opened " the Vie," with what aro called " Lea Fils do l'Air," who I'm told ore wonderfully clever. Thon there is Madame Laporto who has been known for years aa a very favorite actress j so I think my friend George ought to do protty well. At the Prinoe, "Formosa" is likely to have a great run. The play itself is hardly aa sensational as either "After Dark" or "Tho Flying Scud}" but it is well written ; and the scenery ia magnifi- cent. After all the absurd fuss about the immorality of thia new favorite it's quite amusing to nota its great pro- priety j and I heard of some marvellously proper people who were not a little disappointed, at finding that thtre wasreally nothing naughty in it, I'm glad for Mr Dind's sako to see something take well et the Prince; for I'll be hanged if there's a better fellow than Bill Dind in Ona STBEBT.-FBONT BB BOUF. THB OM) WEDLOW TBBB.-Tho "oldest inhabitant" does not remember when tho willow troo was planted, whioh has grown old in front of the furnituro shop, next door to the office of HèlVs Life ; but- all tho people of the present day will remomber its fall. - This occurred on Thursday, about half-past two, during a heavy squall of wind, when, without the least warning the tree come down, falling right across the street. ' Fortunately there were not many people passing at the time ¡ or the conse- quences would have been very serious ; but, as it was, ono poor woman was knocked down, and very much hurt. She was removed to tho Infirmary, and yesterday remained in a precarious state, though doing well. The comers and goers in Pitt-street, have been so accustomed "to .look upon the venerable relic of Australia's early 'colonization, that the place whore it stood Booms quite naked without it ; and it will be long time before the oyo become« accustomed to the vacancy its fall has made, and of a certainty tho boauty of tho street is not im- proved.. It took not long to out up the tree, and remove the pieces ; and yesterday morning the butt of it only remained lying where it fell. This (the butt) will bo cut into small piecos and sold by auotion in lots to suit pur- chasers, on Monday morr-ing, by Messrs Alexander Mooro and Company. This step has been rendered necessary in consequence of the innumerable relics required, and applied for in the course of yesterday. There should bo a largo attendance of buyers ; for who does not wish to procure a bit of this old friend ? and what ought to induoo people to flock to tho spot, is that thero is no danger of tho poor old troo falling among tho orowd. ACCIDENT TO MK W. M. ALDEBSOK.-A serious accident happened somo days since to Mr Alderson, wlio was being driven by Mr W. H. Alderton in a buggy. By somo moans Mr Alderson, senior, was thrown out, arid so muoh bruised sud shaken that fears wore entertained that tho injuries might prove fatal. Our readers, and espeoiallj tho cricketers of Sydney, among whom Mr Alderson is dosorredly popular, and of whoso noble gamo ho ia a most liberal patron, will lourn with pleasure, as we toll it, that ho is now muoh bolter, and almost ontiroly rocovercd from, the effects of the accident. 