thbatbioal gossip. Bi the Lounger. plnvinsi tbo f,'od of rnin, baa hold undimi- jisbod away during iho paat weob, and liia reign baa bad obanoful effect upon tbo attend. wc<! at tbo different plaeeB of amusement. At iho Royal, tbo revival of tho " King of tho l„s" X candidly conieaa wna a great aucceaa. I nilmit that I do not like ploya that have to depend on pretty ballots and different-coloured gees to carry Ihera through. I have a kind of antediluvian disliko to ghost and gobliu melodrama ; but tbo splendid scenery from tho pencil of Mr HouniDgs, aud tho characteristic ballets arranged by Hons. Schmidt and jledamo Theresc, together with tho lino acting 0f Messrs. Rogers nnd Ooppin, to n certain extent reconciled mo to this particular play. Tho plot ia simply tho rtory of n bad- tempered man, Kappolkoff (Mr goppin), who makes everybody nbout jj;m miserable, and who makes himself oisorablo too ; and ' having left hia homo in a passion, retires to tho ro- e>fses of a forest to indulgo hia misanthropy. Ihcro ho is oonfron'ol by Aitrnlngns, tho King i of tho Alps (Mr Rogors), who, by u species of melon) payoR09'". cnUBOs Rippeikopf to bco his 0In follie) in the person of somebody else, and ,o works upon him that ho renounces his evil tamper, repculs, nnd forthwith rendors his homo boppy. _ Tho clever dual personation of Messrs Coppin and Rogers is artistio in the ottrcmc ; tho mnko np, notion, and voice ia . sjmotliing wonderful, nlthongh towards tho end of tho week Mr Rogors wub evidently suf- feting irom a savero cold. Tho entertain ments havo concluded with tho fnroe of tho n flippy Man," in which that very clovor and rising comediau, Mr H. Power, rnado his first nppeuranco no Paddy Murphy. This is tho first opportunity Mr Power has had of playing a loading character in Mel bourne, nnd I am reluolnntly compollod to say that ko rather ovor-aoted tho part. I acknow ledge Hint it is n semi-barlesquo farce, but it is tot all butlesqno. I know of only ono gontlo- m an woo io iny imuu uruw iuu nico uiBtinction in this really arduous character, and that was Mr Doiniuick Murray (at present leading comedian i'.t the Princess Thuntre, London), fho played it several times iu Melbonruo, both it the Iron Pot nnd the Thentro Royal. Mr Power has tho mailings (if I may so uso tho Itrm) of a sterling notor and clover comedian, tat bo is young, and npt to ran into excesses which it should bo his greatest endoavour to aroid. Mr Harwood hns forwarded to his fellow managers n progress report of his visit to England. His first ongogemont, Mr Frnnk Drow, brothor to tho ovor-to-be-ro- Btmbored into John Drow, tho Irish comodinn, is on his way Hither, having loft Grnvosoud on the 22nd of April, in tho good ship Norfolk. It is also stated tint Mr Harwood has a difli- tally to contond with in inducing artistes to visit theso shores in consequence of the criti- tiims on Mr .Tamca Anderson during his visit to these colonies. Now, I nsk, is it not u complete answer to this, thut tho truth of tho Australian criticisms, so far as this used-up notor was cou- cemcd, has been tacitly acknowledged by tho minsgers of tho thontrcs in Great Britain, by the fact that Mr Anderson bus not been eu- gsged iu nny thentro since his return from Australia, nnd that his only appearanco in London wob last nntumu, when, in con junction with Mr Pennington, ho leased ltd plsyeil at tho St. James' Thenlre? Whatever s.ieli a copyist of Mr Maorendy as Mr Jaraca Henderson was, says of this colony, vs can well afford to treat with tho most mpremo contempt. I cunnot for n moment think that nny artiste of ability as a star, if safficient inducement offered, would foar to court tho criticisms of the Australian press. I am uotin the secrots of Iho Roys! management as to giving information with regard to their movements and ongngemonts,hutI willventuro to assert that Mr Hnrwood's greatest trouble is to outbid tlio American managers (many of whom were in Loudon) in tho engagement of talent. The great exodus of first -class actors and nctmsfs to America has very materially limited the field of artistes open for ougnge- Eeois, and in that wo must heartily Ktdolo with Mr Harwood; hut tho pica list actors aro afraid to faco tho piiso or censure of tho Molbourno fourth kite will not bold. That "Miss Amy Sdssick, an actress of far greater Sties thau any lady who has evor peed our boards," hroko off an engagement ik had mado to join Mr Coppin, through siliog tlio criticisms of Iho English press on ft Anderson's iallictions, I must forbear ro- firing. Mr Hurwood'a atatomont that ho cau- atfind any stock company equal to tho ono itpruent engaged nt the Thontro Royal, Mcl- kanie, no ono who knows anything of tho thge can donhfc. Thnnks to tho opposition alstd by Mr Weston, tho management of t! e Iheatro Royal annonnca tlio engagement for ikv nights of Mr Walter Montgomery, who fcs evening will re-nppear in his msster- po "Hamlet," lha mero announce- Kat of which is tho forerunner of a crowded hue. On Mondny Mr Montgomery will l;;«r in » A New Way to Pay Old Dobts." k be followed by tho first production in this iMuy of Lieutenant Pooro's Galutou bur- fpe. During this engagement tho tragedy r "Fra Angelo," will he produced. This Fw, which was wiitten by Mr William mtto Rnssell, son of tho popular oom- M;r, Mr Henry Rassoll, to whom with nil reverence it was dedicated, was bought A , Wal'er Montgomery, and by him -aoaaccit to tho stngo duriug his short fuigemont of tho Hnymnrket Theatre, «ta>, in tho latter part of 18G5. The fol ding quotation from tho essays of Lord Bacon a > certain extent exhibits tho intention of "dramatist:—" Deformed persons aro com- «slv even with nature ; for as nature hath "ill by Ihcm, so do llioy by nature, being the most part (as tho Scripture saitb) of natural affection.' Cerlninly there is -sent between tho body and the mind ; and oa',nro crreth iu tho ono nbe veuturelh 'his tho plot of tho pieco I-,, ,, wol'md out. On its production in \- 1 )u iilr Montgomery did not asBumo tho C'!1 ,, fnr'» "m' tho hunchbaol: "Era S|., fi11' delegated that oharaoter to Mr ire, contenting himself with that of i;,0Ter Lorenzo. Miss Louisa Mooro wns i with Mis3 Katherino Rogers as anghty linil Leonora. Tho play web a L iuc"ss' and ran for tho remainder of tlio tm ProfiQotion in Melbourne is looked et with great interest. fi,»» ''10r' "mo 8'DC0 ® telegram from ,, J fowounced that news had been received iiiiSj olelter thnt Armes Beaumont jt_ , So sooner had tho news commenced : 'Jlan the advent of Mr Lystor nt onoo fnle t ,? s'a'cment This week ngnin by L'f received in Sydnoy, it ia iai i Maguiro, witli a largo tij!m'tou''e' inclnding Mr Squires end Au .. sco't,_ intends visiting theso i r,..;' .y 'fi'8 lews I warn your roadara hiillanl caution, for it is utterly im- "lat my nows can have reaohod this e;t,l , g'obo, of later date, sinco tho Futhn r? , Mir- nn'1 cannot bo correct, W of M. »rnt LJela' is the authorised ;'l| liitn i , 8luro iu theso colonies, nnd tiv thn? ';0?umeB,a ""it effect ; hut I 11 ia correct thut Mr Lysterhns ,f!IWnPallner8lliP wiu> Mr John Smith, -i , . caterer for our nmusomenis, who, teney, c„ , "uiassed n comfortablo com- >M withlrCtl,'10 into nn m lif0' Jo so- 3a«Part "erangeincnts, Mr Lyater '""ill. win, 1 901)t|uont of Europe by tho lU i Uclons to esgRgo a doublo '""P'odnei:"11 el eo'eu' ballet company 1,(ilncluilm0?i0 a8' Pcra und opera co- ?","Li nB eJJl,ro ra"go of Offenbach's ta Bin,, t,raP Luchesao do Gerolstein," -I ia Svd' 8|," c'0, Talbot's ongage- i" It first , ! -n' Pc0n 80 SUCOCBBful as kit on l,?." !t wouM be. Ho ? , J1'6' appearance as Sir Per- ' 'tceiros Pi , ?na 1,8 Macbeth ho was JP«t ore, tu 'us Ring John throw a 'Udclin,.,- sudienco, which his anhse- ol ft o Shyloek, Rich, hen, and alleviate. The siute if the v''," " d£BPv»-!i f to,aB " tolerable atten- 1 vulg f a better bouse," "not 1 Mprvifi' , ss the merit, of the play do- sot nh'rn«L 8Vni ®b the entiro gamut of sot phrases, which means in plain terms ho is no draw. Mr Talbot will return to this colony mont "8 ' 0 nu np-conntry cngaga- , ,lho ,«eaB0» at. tbo Theatre Royal, Ado- . t 010888 to-night. Ou Tuesday, tho lend- lng low comediau, Mr Wnlter Hill, had his bespeak, and put forth as his bill of pnrti- ,vnrv/nb'U 8 ooratay of " Tbo Honeymoon," with Bellair as tho Duko Arnnza, Miss Juno as Juliana, and tho heiutioiaro ns tho Mook Duke concluding with tho CovcU Garden drama bv loenck of ' Tho Miliar anil His Men." nit As i'0"'" ,?ow ?Pera Honso hns boen well filled during the wook— crowded when tho nights wore fino, Tho programmes has beon changed, and tho variety seems to have given tho great est satisfaction. Tlio singing in tho first part of Mr James Stewart, who mado hia first ap pearance on Monday night, was well received. Ho is a wolcomo addition to tho componv. nlthongh his ballad singing is not to bo com pared to Mr Henri Aolnud, Tho comicalities of Messrs Husaoy, Weston, and Kolly.nre qnitoauf- fieient to scare away any number of bluo doviln. X am not at all Bnrprised that tho "Golden bhoo Danco' linB a plnco in overy programme. It is worthy of being kept on all tho season, and to it Messrs Holly and Kslly must havo devoted much tirao and attention to bring it to Bach perfection. A now programme will be introduced on Monday night. Miss Anna Forde, who lately fullillod a suc cessful engagement at the Theatre Royal. Melbourne, has, X am happy to hoar, reached Now Zealand in safety. She arrivod at Dnnedin by tho Gothenburg on tho 25th of May, and was to malie her lirat appearanco at tho Princess Theatre on tho following Satur day evening. From lu-r talents ns an actress and vocalist, I am certain eho will soon esta blish heraelf ns a favorite with tho Dunodin- ltes. 