IN our last issue we gave an extpoct from Mr. Gladstone's, great speech at the in augural dinner.of the Colonial Society on the 10th of March. He then forcibly and pleasantly re minded his audience that thirty years ago, when he wore out the steps of. the Colonial Office, it was haunted by a dis tempered spirit known as "Mrs. Mother Country" and a kindred ghost of an equally disagreable character described by him as the " British Party." That they, being a mere minority held as the first article of their creed, colonies existed merely for the benefit of the na tion that founded them. Originally no doubt colonies were re garded and assigned to Royal favorites as a reward for political services without reference to the interests of either, the Mother Country or the:Settlers. As they prospered, the mother country asserted her supremacy over the Monopolists, but without any consideration for the in terests of the settlers. Hence arose differences between the mother country and the colonists gene rally, and hence, a few, finding it their individual interest persuaded the Impe rial Government, that they, although an inconsiderable minority, alone represen ted the loyal portion of the Colony, and that upon their fealty to the mother eountry depended the maintenance of the connexion between the mother country and her offshoots, and that unless they, the self-styled "British Party," were hu moured, petted, and solely entrusted with the management of the colony, the Em pire at large would rapidly crumble to pieces. Public Opinion is now much changed as to the value of such a system. It is fully understood that financially all our colonies cost more money, and give more trouble than they are worth--that their principal value depends on the welfare and contentment of the colonists them selves, and latterly the conviction has prevailed that such a consummation is best secured by allowing them the fullest freedom in the management of their own affairs. The present complexion of our colo nial policy is decidedly liberal-we might add ultra liberal. Old Monopolies have been succeeded by free trade, and self Government of the most popular type has, when required, been conceeded with out any restriction. As we before observed the mother country, after. deducting the outlay of her expenditure is far from b.eing repaid by the profits arising from colonial trade, (putting aside the profits which rwould come to her on account of her acknow ledged commercial superiority from cer tain well known causes,) so that the ad* vantages she derives from the connexion will not bear a favorable comparison with the outlay for their protection. and. secu rity. It is only as an outlet for her supera-': bundant population that they are ii , reality a precious resource. The mother country finds in them a& relief from.the pressure of her poor rate' and a diminution in the results of idle ness and destitution, the fruitful sources. of immorality and crime. Emigration is not as one of the ablest. reasouers of the day asserts, " a mere question of distribution," so many hands;.. transferred from one market, where..the' supply of labor is in excess of the de-" mand- to another, where the demand. for it is greater than the supply.. It is- a question of production. It is- admitteC: that a colony is productive only in pro portion to the amount of labor employed. in developing its resources,; and that emi gration from an old, and immigration to a new country, contributes not only to the joint wealth of both, but to. the ag gregate productiveness of the whole world, " and that in the present state of society colonization is the most profitable investment in which the capital of an old country can be :employed,':' so says the most thoughtful thinker of the' age: It is quite clear that the spirit of the age is decidedly in favor of allowing every colony, or the majority of every colony;*, to choose for themselves that form of Government best calculated :in their opinion to advance their own interests, and that in conceeding this demand the mother country, is not absolved from the duty of.continuing the expenditure neces sary for their protection from external aggression, but this done, it is unreason able as a general rule to expect the mother country to allow her colonists to do as they like, and then to pay their hMlla This colony however is an exception. She agreed at a time when .the mother country was refused by every other of her colonies, to accept her criminal popula-. tion, upon certain conditions as a coun terpoise; to the evils which must as they ever have done, follow the introduction of the dangerous classes. It is notorious the pressure from the other colonies was so great, that yielding to it, the mother country altogether broke' away from her contract, and so far fiom sending us the agreed counterpoise in the shape of free emigrants in a fixed proportion-the fact is we have not re ceived anything near the number agreed upon, and even those sent. were, better left at home. We find ourselves with a population barely numbering 23,700 out of which nearly 9,000 are male adults of the con vict element, the greater number of them totally unacquainted with the quality of labor required in a purely agricultural colony-under a supervision worse than nugatory ; a large body of men being about to be let loose upon the community without any prospect of employment, must become a burden upon the colonial funds. Unless great care is taken in the selection of emigrants by the Philanthopists and Political Eiono mists of the mother country we shall be' inundated with the useless, the idle, the," emaciated offscourings of the comme.cial towns and factories ofthe mother country. It is true, as a general principle 'that independence is essential to the happiness and prosperity of every colony and that in obtaining it, the recepients of it ab solve the mother country trom the neces sity of paying the expences of theiri fu ture Government. We humbly submit, however, that this;: Colony whilst seeking fdr political inde pendance, retains strong claims upon the Mother Country; granting that the other colonies were entitled to be heard, this Colony did not forfeit her claims' for the supply of free immigrants as agreed on, and that consequently the Mother Coun try, in addition to conceding us a Repre sentative form of Government is bound to continue to us for some time an excep tional support, as well as protection-or. if withdrawn. some pecuniary compensa tion. Past Governors have not had the cour age or honesty, to put before the Impe rial Government the injustice and injury inflicted on this colony, by the sudden rupture of the contract between them. We trust Governor Weld will act differ ently. . It is universally felt that nothing can save this colony but the immediate introduction of public works.upon a com prehensive scale. This can only be done by a change from a Nominee to a Repre sentative form of Government.- With every desire to expedite this change much time must elapse. In the mean time the departure of useful industrial members of our community by every out going ship-the absence of all induce ments to immigrate threateanthe colony with immediate and fatal consequences. It is a case of urgency-and warrant ing an application to the Home Govern ment to interpose and save the colony this can only be done by initiating some work of universal utility such as the con struction of a breakwater, or harbor im provements at the Port. On this the Convict Element could be concentrated and utilized under conditions of reward far good conduct, so as to fit them for ab sorption into the colonial community; commerce would be generally promoted, and the foundation laid for the advanta geous construction of railways to the in-. terior, opening outextensive areas of fine agricultural andminerallands, that would for centuries to come be available to ab-. sorb the surplus population of theMother Country, and efface the injury done by the great disproportion between the free and convict element-all the result of a Breach of Contract by the Mother Country. 