INTERCOLONIAL. 0 — ? NEW. SOUTH WALES. A CoNsiDKitATK IUsscau—A correspondent of the AlMthnut Mercury reports .—Our ouiot township was thrown iuto a state of excite meut thus morning, by u report reaching us that a party of men (with ttavdliuc sboup) were bailed up and rublied, by an ;u wed iwtik. About three males from here, and a few miles from Rirraba, the buihrauger came up to & Mr. Tur ner and another mau that wusui unarge of the sheep, and ordered them to ' bail-up,' and hand out Uteir money, saying, ' I imwt have it' Mr. Turner said, ' 1 bnve only got seven pounds to take in& and my men a long distance with the sheep, and I hope you will not take it all,' at the same time handing him the purse. 'Well,' said the bushranger, 'give me one pound aud keep the rest, as 1 see you are not a bad sort of a chap ; but 1 must have your saddle''— taking it and putting it ou his more, giving Mr. Turner his old one aud Maying, 'If] 011 get one from any of tliuse other men I will give you your saddje bark.' lie tbuu rode round one flock of the slueup, and seeing young Master Caiiel and a good horse and a new saddle called ou him to bail up, which w&s; complied with. He then took Slaster Cupel's horse aud saddle, and told him he could have his in ex change, at the mime time calling to Mr. Turner, whom he* had taken Uu: saddle from just before, and saying — ' Here take your saddle now ; I have got another, horse and all.' He then got 011 tlbe horse and rode off iu the direction of tlie lronbiuk lieuf 1 -i£gii)g5. Skuvantoallsm.— The following case- illus trated an instance of servantgaliMU worthy of record : — A gentleman is resident in Woolloo I inooloo, whose business renders liis attendance in town between the hours of ei^ht aud ten o'clock ill the evenings a matter of absolute necessity, a few evenings ago, previous to leaving | home as usual, w:is informed by his wife that ' she intended to spend the evening ivt a. friend's I house, and requested him to call after leaving I his office and escort her home. This he, ol 1 conivc, promised to do, but in the pressure of business engagements forgot nil about it. On his way home through Hyde Park he was sur prised to see his wife walking with a man with whom she appeared to be ou most familiar terms, but who was an titter stranger to him. Kajc and jealousy filled his heart when he perceived the stranger's arm encircle Mis. ? '« unresist ing waist What his feelings were may be more easily conceived than described. He rushed towards them, intending to overwhelm his per fidious spouse with reproaches, when, hearing footsteps, she turned and presented the face of —not his wife, but Mary, the maul, in his wife's bonnet and dress. It appeared that the young lady had been iu the habit of borrowing her mistress's wardrobe, with ft view, no doubt, of rendering herself as fascinating as possible in the eyes of her swain. A Ghost at the Duxpongs.— The Upper Bogan correspondent of the Dahho Dispatch states that the mailman, last trip up, says he saw a man without a head walk past him while camping at the Dundongs, the other night. Other people have seen, or fancied they saw, something there ; but kangaroos, emus, and wild horses are plentiful, and perhaps it may he mere fancy or fear at stopping at a lonely place, where a man was murdered years ago, and whose name is cut on a tree in the locality. 