LOCAL AND GENERAL. The Daphne.— Tho Qiieoisland Express says, wo have beon courteously supplied with a copy nf a bulky document which has beon served upon tho proprietors of the Daphno, through tho Vico admiralty Court of Now South Wales, claiming £10,000 on behalf of our Sovereign Lady the Queen from each of those poraons, or at tho rate of £100 for each of the slaves captured in the Daphno. We sincerely trust that the principal offenders may receive the punishment thoy do anrvu— in wli mil nnan 1i t\aa Tuimin wnnld ivmuf. assuredly come to grief, — and we regret, ex tremely, that his employors in this colony, who are very littlo bottor than himself, cannot bo mado liable for tho share thoy havo taken in fostering his misdueds. A minor, named Breston Minnis, committed Buicido at Kerriguudah, last week, by cutting his throat with a razor. Tub Distance prom Sydney to London as tue Citow Flies. — A correspondent of the Bctmbala Times works out an elaborate calcula tion to show tho distance in a curved lino from Sydney to London, which ho makes out to bo 9100 nautical miles, and observes : — ' Wore it possible for a traveller to follow tho track of tliia great circle, he would havo to pass through several countries and over different seas in the following order : — From Sydnoy.acroas Australia in a north N. westerly direction to the coast near, tho Victorip river, tho Indian ocean, east of Melville Island, cross Timor, the Ban tin soa, tho northern part of the Celebes, tho Straits of Ma cassar (north of Java soa), cros3 the Equator in Borneo, the Chinese aca, souta-east coast of Cochin China, part of tho Burman empire, the oast part of Hiudostan, fiimalaya moiuitaina. into Thibet, tho sea of Aral, north of tho Cas pian sea, southern Russia, north of Austria into Prussia, south part of tho Baltic, Denmark, Nortli Sea into the English channel.' The Commissioner for tho Western Goldfiolds lias been ordered to furnish a return of all tho Government officials who hold leases and build ing allotments on tho Trunkey Creek goldfielda, specifying in each case tho areas held by each official. It is said the Government will take decisive action in the matter. The Right Revorond the Lord Bishop of Graf ton and Armidale and Mrs. Turner arrivod at Sydney, on Friday, in tha ship Commissary, from London. At a meeting or tue .Northern Agricultural Show, List week, the servicos rondored to tho Association by Mr. Win. Koeno, examiner of coal- Gelds, were fully recognised by the com mittee', Mr. Dangar and othor members havjng spoken highly of Mr. Koene's industry, and of the intpresting collection of ininorals he oxhib ited at the last Singleton Show, in recognition of which, a silver medal was ordorod to bo for warded to Mr. Keene, and tho Bocretary in structed to explain to tha.t gentleman how the claims hail boon so long overlooked. Tim Oaftam Cook Monument. — An enor mous block of Moruya granito, estimated to weigh about twenty tons, was convoyed to the site of the Captain Cook Monument yesterday, by a team of over twenty powerful horses, from the wharf. The team was stuck for some time when crossing into tho Park, near the obelisk, and some sensation was croatod among the by standora at that poriod. — Empire, Aug. 22. Tho would-be free selectors from the Williams River to the Bellinger, seoni to have repontod of tho atop thoy havo taken, for, according to the Macleay Herald, they only devoted one day tq the selection of land on the latter river, and nob meeting with such buooobs as they had antici pated, they roturned home. Melancholy End. — Wo rearot to learn that James Smith, who for several years, and until lately, drovo tho mail coach between Singloton and Muswellbrook, and was well-known in the Hunter district, committed suicide yosterday morning. We loarnod lost night that the un fortunate man committed the rash act at White man's Hotel, Murrurundi, with a revolver. Smith had tho reputation for being tho beat driver on tho road, and was a man in tho prirao of life. Ho was a native of America.— Singleton Times, Aug. 14 '..???? How the Newcastle Cabbage Market. 13 Supplied ! — Oh Friday last, at the Blast 'Matt laud police, court R,ose M'Qrady was ch.arggd with doing the work of bur ordinary calling on Sun day, the 3th August. It appeared that she had beon driving a dray, loaded with cabbages, through Bank-street on the day namod, and had told tho constable she wanted to got to New castle to tako ad van t ago of the early market on Monday morning. Defendant explained that she was obliged to work hard for her living, as her husband was lying on a sick bed, and had not worked for two years. Tho Bonch ad monished her to discontinue the practice of working on Sunday, and, in consideration of this being her firat offence, discharged her. — Mait- land Mercury, August 14. ' ' * ? .Tub Great Diamond'. — The Deputy Mnstpr of the Mint applied to the Hon. tho Treasurer to know what ohargo was |a be nuide for the conveyance by oacprfe of tho stone, said to be a /diamond, which was brought to Sydney a few days' sinco. Mr. Samuel's reply was to tho effect that it would be bettor to wait until tho value of tho stone should bo ascertained, and that in tho meantime the alleged diamond should be givon up to the bank, on a guarantee that an equitable charge would be paid.— Herald, Aug 13. Telegraphic communication has been oponod with Port Macquario lost week. Ghost Story. — Among the sensational intel ligence wo have recoivod of late may be classod the following, which wo aro informed, somo four or five persons are prepared to swear to : — Some, few weoka ago, Mr. Dowling, of Kempaoy, and a son of Mrs. Stanford, named Frederick, were camped on tho Upper Macleay, at Five-Day Creok. Early in tho morning the latter wont to drive in the bullocks, whim ho saw a map riding along on a grey horso. He spoko to him, and receiving no answer, spoke again in a louder tono. To this no notice was taken, when he rodo close to tho stranger, and called out loudly, asking him who he was and where he wa3 going. Tho horseman is reported to havo looked round, given a sort of grunt, and riddon away at full gallop. Either beforo or after tho same spec tacle is said to have boon seen by another person — a sawyer — and on being hailed and spoken to, it made for the crook, which was flooded bank high, rushed tho horso into the stream, and landed safely on the other Bide. It is then said, to have gone up the opposite range at full speed. This unknown horso and horseman are to be aeon only during the night, or very early in tho morn ing. Another night tho dogs attached to the :ullock dray kept up a continuous bark, and on Mr. Dowling. getting tip to boo what was the matter, he aaw a small whitish-looking dog run ning away. All those statements aro given to us as facts, and we are thus led to pluco thorn before our readers. There is a rumour that a party is being organised to visit Five-Day Creek to test tho truth of tho report. — Macleay Herald. Mnner. AnnnraiKAT. Family. — On a slioonrim not far from Molroso (says tho S. A . Register) is to bo found an aboriginal shepherd, who has attained an advanced stage of civilisation. He is surrounded by much that is essential and conducivo to tho thorough enjoyment of a do mestic life. Tho hut he occupies is a very com fortable one, and ho carefully cultivates a small pioco of ground, from which ho reaps an abund ant supply of vegetables. He is possessed of a horso, several goats, and a number of fowls, all of which aro special favourites, and meet with the kindest treatmont. In literary accomplish ments ho is not altogothor deiicient, being able to. road tolerably well, and comprehends tho valuo of goods when makiug a purchase. Among other investments, when shopping one day, was the purchase of a white tablecloth, which, how ever, soon fell into disuse, owing to its boing so frequently soiled. His children uro affectiomito, and his wife faithful, submissive, skilful with her needle, and in the culinary department sel dom equalled. It is to be regretted that similar instancos aro not more frequently mot with. Archbishop Polding will leave Sydney for Rome by. the next mail steamer, to take part in the business of tho General Council, to bo hold at Romo, in Docembor next. The largest and probably the most attractive case of stuffed birds ever seen in a private col lection in tho Southern Hemisphere, may bo soon at the office of Mr. A. Cubitt, Sydney. Intended SrEurAL Honor to the late Mr. i'luhkett.— jiais ? excellency tue -joveruor nas directed the publication of a despatch from tho Right Honorable tho Secretary of State for tho Colonies, relating to the, offer of the honor of Companion of tho OrdorTof St. Michael and St; George, which it had been intended to confer on the lato John Hubert Plunkett. The despatch which boars dato the 18th June last, runs in tho following terms: — My Lord, — In reviewing the claims to distinction of various colonists, I have been led to consider thoso of Mr John Hubert Plunkott, who, it appears, for a sorios of years rendered valuable services to the Government and tho public ill Now South Wales. I have submitted his name to tho Queen as worthy to reciovo tho honour of Companion of tho Order of St. Michael and St. Georgo, and, with her Majesty's sanction,^ I havo to authorise your Lordship to offer that distinction to Mr. Plun kott.. 1 havo, &c;, Guanvillb. Governor, tho Right Honorable tho Earl of Belmoro, &c;, &c.; , &c.; — Empire, August 14. New Caledonia. — We (8. M. Herald) are in receipt of papors from Noumea from the 11th to tho 25th of July. The intelligence thereby transmitted is of no great importance. Tho local Govovnmont was exerting itself to assist thoso colonists who had suffered from tho storms on tho 17th and ISth of Juno last. From 15,000 to 20,000 fruncs have boen'approprlated to this uso. Monsieur' Capron, on the 3rd July, gave a ball at the opening of his new stores in Itue Sobastopol, at Noumea. The Governor^ Commandant Mathiou, and othor distinguished persons, were present. Monsieur A. E Dremon had mado throo balloons at Noumea, which wero to ascond on tho 15th instant, in honour of tho Einporor. Tub Premier. — The Brisbaiie Courier of th,e 11th instant states : — Tho Hon. John Roberta son, Premier of Now South Wa'gs, arrived in town overland from tho Claronoo district. The hon. gentleman was entertained the night before last nt thq Parliamentary Duildinga, by tho members of the Legislature. Wo understand that it is the desire of many of tho citizens of Briabauo to invite tho hon. gentleman to a pub lic dinner, in recognition of tho services ho has rendered all the colonies by his successful advo cacy of the Froo Selection policy. . Tho Espre-s in reply to a correspondent inquiring why tho Speaker did not take tho chair at the dinner givon by tho members of Parliament to Mr. Robertson, states that thoy havo been in{ctrin.od Mr. Elliott declined to do so. . Fink Pbnujanshik.— An' oxcellentj curious, and verv elaborate specimen of caliaraphy was yosterday forwarded to this office by Mr. Picker-: ing, who is about to produco fae. similes 'by photography; It ' was presented to . Mir. G-. H. Pringlo, visiting surgoon of Parramatta gaol, b,y one of his patients, who dovotod the groater part of eight months to the work. In the centre is the inscription written in one continu ous line throughout the whole piece, and said to measure in length about eighty-six foot. Sur rounding this are panels of p'on and ink draw ings illustrating Shakapoar's ' Sovon Ages,''and alBO 'Infancy, maidenhood, the matron's estate, and old ago.' — Herald, August 14. The Reputed Diamond. — Mr. Townsond, the owner of tho supposed monster diamond from Now England, which has been lying a,t the Sydnoy Branch of tho Royal M.'nv ainoo Tues day evoning last,1 uqd.$r. oirournstancea adverted to at length, in our last isa1uo, went to the Mint yesterday morning, accompanied by Mr Bowd,ou and Allen, solicitors to tho Bank oi N,ow So.u,th, Wales', when tho siono wa.a delivered to. them, according to' tho directions of tho Government, by tho Muit authorities. Tho supposed dia njj'ond, without the bag in which it was p]a.cod at Tqinwortb. having beon opqnod, was then taken to the Bunk of Now South Wules, and there deposited j 8.0 that yet it Is ' in ohancory,' and no stop's, as wo understand, havo yet beon taken to submit it to scientific investigation — in fact nobody in Sydney has yet seen it, so that oven an approximate estimate of its genuineness or value cannot bo arrived at. It remains do.p.Qsv tod at tho Bank of New South ~iYalea ponding tho settlement of tho inattara in disputo botweon tho A.S.N. Co., tho Govoi-nmont chargo per osoort, and^ the original owners — that is, Mr. Townsond, and those' in whose intorests he was pursuing his search lifter preciouja atones when ho discovered the supposed diamond. In the meantime., however, negotiations havo boon ontorod into by Mr. Butters and other gontle mon from Molbourno, with Mr Townsond and his frionds for tho purchase of tho supposed diamond ; and the. atono has boon Bold condition ally, ho far as a chattel can bo Bold without delivery. Mr. Townsend and his friends are to rooiove £500 down on delivery of tho atone un opened in its package, whether valuable or worthless ; with a further sum of £] 0,000, if, it proves to bo a diamond, and in addition one tenth sharo Qf, whatever it may realise when sold. So' tho matter remains at presont.— Herald,' August 14, Entertainment in Aid of tub School of Arts. — We hopo our readers will not forget tho entertainment in aid of the Newcastle School of Arts, which is announced to como off on Wed nesday evening, in tho City Mall. Tho institu tisn being badly in want of funds, the public have now an excellent opportunity of augment ing them at a very trifling individual expense. Tho entertainment to bo given is by Miss Rosa Cooper and Mr. Harding, and 13 too well known to require any detailed description at our hands. Wo observe that several novelties aro to be introduced into the programme. The Rev. A. E. Selwyn. — Having been communicated with by soveral highly estoemod citizens, in roforance to an article which ap peared in an issue of tho 7th instant, comment ing upon a respectfully worded letter addressed, by Mr. Solwyn to tho oditor of this journal, and publishod in tho Chronicle of tho 5th instant, wo doom it proper to tako this opportunity of apologising to the rovcrond gontlotnau for tho insertion of tho production in question. Wo have also to assnro Mr. Selwyn that we had not discovered the objectionable character of tho article previous to its being put in typo, or our columns would not havo been tho medium of piving it publicity. Wo hesitate not to state that Mr. Selwyn's communication was not of Biich a nature as to demand an editorial reply. The New Lambton Hotel. — On our way home from the foot races, at Lambton, on Satur day last, we had an opportunity of paying a visit to the New Lambton Hotel, recently erected by Mr. Hubbard, of Hunter-Street. The building in question is certainly an excel lent one, and, in every way, well adapted to the requirements of the place. The expeditious manner in which this hotel was put up is worthy, of notice. Less than four months ago, from the present time, the ground on which it stands was a wild, uncleared bush ; and the hotel has been open for nearly a month, so that, as a matter of fact, the hotel was only three months in course of erection. Of course this would be nothing out of the way if the site had been an accessible one — which it was not — the road to New Lambton being about as bad a one as there is in the whole district, and that is saying a good deal. The building is a two-story one, and appears to be well and faithfully built. It is nicely painted inside and out, and is really a very snug and comfortable place. The bar is commodious and airy, and in regard to attractiveness is not surpassed by any establish ment in the city of Newcastle. On the upper floor of the hotel there is a large room, well adapted for public meetings and entertainments, and at the rear of the premises are stables to accommodate an almost unlimited number of horses. Altogether, the New Lambton Hotel is one of the very best hotels in any of the colliery townships. There is another excellent two-story building in the township, the builder of which intended it for a public-house, but the Bench of Magistrates having declined to grant a license it is for the present occupied as a private residence. Funeral op Lord Bertrand Gordon. — Tho funeral of this young nobleman, who died on Tuesday last, at the residence of the Hon. Honry Mooro, M. L. C, took place yosterday. Tho re m.iiiia nf tho deceased wero buried at tho Now town Cemetery. The funeral, although privates ? was attended by many members of both Houses of tho Legislcture and othor gentlemen of influen tial position in the city. Lord Bertrand Gordon was the third son of the tenth Marquis of Hunt ley, and brother to the pro3ont Marquis. He was born in tho year 1850. He was also cousin to Messrs. A. Hood, and F. H. Dudly Pogus, of this city. Tho following short history of the family of which deceased was a member is thus given in tho latest edition of Dod's 'Peerage, Baronetage, and Bnightago of Great Britain and Breland :' — 'Huntly, olevonth Marquis of, Creat. 1599 ; Earl of Huntly, 1450 ; Earl of Enzio, 1599 Earl of Aboyne, 1060 ; Viscount of Melgum, 1627 ; 'Viscount of Aboymo, 1C32 ; Lord of Gordon before 1408 : Lord of Badenooh, 1599 ; Baron Bboyne, 1627 ; Baron Gordon of Strathavon Glenlivet, 3660 (Scotland); Baron Meldrum, 1815 (United Kingdom,) ; which titlo confers a seat in tho House of Lords ; Bart., 1C25 (Scotland).— Charlos Gordon, eideBt Bon of tho tonth' Marquis, by his second wife tho only daughter of the Rev. P. W. Plv,'-.is (vide the DowagerMarahionessofHuntley). Born atOrton Longuevillo, 1847 ; succeeded his father in 1803 ; is premier marquis of Scotland. ? Tho second Marquis of Huntley was bohoadod for tho support ho afforded Charlos I. ; his fourth son was created first Earl of Aboyne, and was tho present mar quis's ancestor; tho threo elder sons inherited successively their father's honours, and tho youngest of tho throo was croatod Duko of Gordon a title which expired in its fourth possessor. Whon tho issue of tho three cldor sons bocn.no extinct, the present peer's grandfather inherited the honours as hoir of the 4th son, while the dukedom of Gordon beoamo extinct. Soats.— Aboyno Castle, Abordoonshiro ; OrtohLonguo villo, noar Peterborough.' The New Bishop op Grafton and Armi dale. — Tho Right Rev. Dr. Tumor, tho Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, with Mrs. Turner and the Rev. Mr. T. Farrar, chaplain, ar-rived yes terday by tho Bhip Commissary, from London. — Herald, August 14. Proposed Buidoe at Kaxoudau. — Amongst the matters to whioh the attention, of tho Min ister for Works was called on Wednesday, by. members of tho doputation from tho Hunter district, after the principal business, was conclu ded, was an application from the inhabitants of accommodation than at -present exists far the traffic across the Hunter at Kaloudah. We understand that Mr. Sutherland intimated to Mr. Burns, hy whom tho matter Ayas brought under his notion, that it was his intention to placo a sum on tho estimates, for whatever amount may bo required for tho construction of a bridgo at the placo montionod, where it ap pears there ia now a causoway, which is of but littlo real sorvice for tho purpose intended.™ Herald, Aug. 13. . . A now impostor has atavtod up in Sydney, and has already succeeded in obtaining money and clothing tender false pretences. ,Tho impostor ia, a, ijoinale of good address. Tho Macleay Herald, of tho Otth inst., says : On Thursday last, Messrs. Grossman and Scott left tho Macloay for tho Bellinger with tho ' re mainder of the horses from tho Hunter, Pater son, &c;, which woro not sold on tho ' pre vious Saturday and Monday at Kompsoy. The residents of the Bellinger will thus have an opportunity of obtaining somo good horao atbok. The Rev. Jamos Cameron, of Richmond, do lirored throo sermons at Kompsey, Macleay Rirer, last week, and also lectured f\t the School of Arts there. 