THE SOLDIER OF FORTUNE, A TALE OF THE WAR. BY THE AUTHOR OF «STANFIELD HALL," ' "MINNIGEEY," &c.; CHAPTER LXX. The generous heart heeds not the whisperings Of calculating prudence, but follows '- Its own promptings.-Old Plat. In starting with Julian and Corporal Stoak, who was half mad with despair and jealonsy, in search of Lelia, Charles Vavassenr listened only to the dictates of his heart ; he never once thought of the breach of his military dntieB, or the terrible consequences which might follow what, in all probability, would be oonstrued into an act of desertion. He thought only of his friend, the companion of his sufferings and exile, wounded and helpless-unable to pursue the unmanly rnffiins who had bereaved bim of the object of his affections. Moon time was wasted in inquiries at'all the outposts of the camp, and mid-day had passed before they dis- covered the slightest clue to the course the agents of the ex-governor had taken ; even then it was a faint and uncertain one. The sentinel who had been on dnty de- clared that when he challenged the driver of the cart the man had given the countersign correctly, and drove off with a rapidity whioh, under any other circumstances, would have exoited his suspicion ; but having the word, he oonoluded that treachery was out of the question. " And whioh way did they go ?" impatiently demanded the corporal. The man pointed to the wood on the south side of the camp. A brief consultation was held between the two friends. A» for Stoak, so greatly was he excited by the loss of his pretty Peggy, that he was incapable either of giving an opinion or taking any deoided step himself. "It is quite clear," said the Pole, " that tresson exists in the camp." 44 Treason 1" repeated our Hero, -with «urpriBertor it never onoa entered into his frank and loyal heart that it waa possible for an Englishman to betray his country. " You are-you must be in error." " Can yon explain," oontinued Julian, "by any other means how the agents of the Grand Duke Constantine knew the countersign ?" Charlea remained silent. " And that they did posses» it is olear." "Certain," replied the former; " the gold of Russia has corrupted the fidelity of some miserable wretch, who-" *' Not the gold," interrupted his friend ; " there have been other engines at work. Passions and interests have been played on. Although a prisoner, our ancient op- pressor has not been idle. He is oae of those men who have grown gray in base intrigues, who haB made it the purpose of his life to study human nature, to bend it te his purposes. Think you," he added, "that so fair an opportunity as the oharacter of your cousin afforded has been either unseen or neglected." " Cuthbert !'* exolaimed our hero, in a tone of surprise and sorrow; "no, no, you mistake him, Julian : great as is his hatred to me, desperate as I suspeot the means by whioh he baa endeavoured to remove me from his path, I oannot believe him capable of an act whioh would brand hiiname with infamy, to say nothing of the danger to whioh it would expose him. You wrong him." " You shall judge," gravely answered the Pole; "from the hour when I first beoame acquainted with his presence in the army, I have bad my eyes upon bim, and from his notions have judged the man. Your quarrel with his ?ervant wbb incited by him." "Granted." " The attempt upon your life, whioh the devotion of Jsok defeated, was also your cousin's suggestion." Charles remained silent. He had never doubted for an instant that such really was theoase, although heforebore to declare his opinion. " And the shot," oontinued the speaker, " whioh sent the assassin to his account, Bealing his lips for ever, was fired by the hand that paid him for his previous villainy. 3» it too much, then, to suppose that the man who could descend to murder, would hesitate at treason ? No .' his intimaoy with General SeratohenofF, as the ex-govern or of Oherlta Khan now calls himself, explains the facility with whioh the abductioa of Lelia has been accomplished." There was a terrible logic iu the words of Julian, which hi» hearer could not disprove, and he blushed to think that his name-the name of Vavasseur- of whioh he felt ?o proud, miglit one day be branded with dishonour, and made a by-word for treason and baseness. " It is terrible/!' be observed at last, " to refieot upon what man'» evil passion» make bim." " We are what we make ourselves," replied the Pole ; 11 the .evil passions you complain of were given us to sub- due-tasks for the exercise of virtue-battles to which none are sent unarmed, unless deprived oí reason. Few of us oan look baok without recalling some fierce struggle with our earthy nature ; and those are happiest who have won the viotory. But enongh of this ; lam playing the philosopher when I should act the friend." After a brief consultation, it was deoidid that the party should follow the direction indicated by the senti- nel, and explore the wood. The gronnd was soft from the rain whioh had lately fallen, and the friends trusted to the rats made by the wheels of poor Peggy's cart as a due to guide them. To experienced hunters like Julian end Charles, the track would be sufficient evidence. They had prooeeded abont two miles, when the corporal, who, in hi» impatience, had advanced before them, drew ?nddenly up, and stood with his hand to his oap. The cause waa explained before either of hi» oompaniona could demand it, by the appearance of several officers, who, fol- lowed by an esoort, turned an abrupt angle of the wood. The foremost rider was Colonel Morely, next oame Cap- tain Craven,Cuthbert, andan aide-de-camp, who were followed by two personages whose uniform» were con- cealed by large military cloak». It was evident from the deference with whioh they were treated that they were of high rank in the army. On seeing two men in the uniform of his regiment so far from the outposts, Colonel Morely reined up his charger, and called to them to advance. Stoak and our hero drew near and saluted him. " Deserting !'' said their oommander, in a severe tone, " Deserting !" repeated the corporal, with more warmth than respeot. " I thought, Colonel, you knew me better. Haven't I been in the regiment, man and boy, thirty-five years ? Haven't I a good conduot stripe ? Ha» my name ever been on the punishment list ? Haven't you yourself said that there wasn't a better man in the service T Deserting.' and to the rascally Russians who have robbed me ot my wife, my darling Peggy ! That'» bad enough to bear, but to be taken for a-a-" Indignation and grief choked the poor fellow'» utter- ance. Morely, who at first failed to recognise him, felt oonvinoed that whatever the intentions of hi» companion might have been, he had wronged Peter by bis sus- i pioions. " Explain yourself dearly, my poor fellow," he said. " I can't explain ; Bhoot me if you like," muttered the corporal ; .' desert, indeed !" As briefly as possible our hero related the abduction of Lelia and Peggy, the manner in which it had been ac- complished, and how he and the outraged husband had started to follow the raviihèrs. "Of course von aBbed permission of the major," ob- served the colonel. "I forgot that I was a soldier," replied Charles, colouring deeply, " and remembered only that I was a friend." . " It is fortunate that we have met, young man," said bia commanding offioer ; " the consequences otherwise might have been more serious than you imagine. I grent yon and Stoak leave of absence for three days ; beware how yon exceed the time " The only person sufficiently near to Colonel Morely to hear his words when the permission was given was Cuth- bert Vavaoseqr, and a soowl of disappointment and anger passed over his face. One part of his execrable project appeared to be defeated. "At the expiration of your leave," continued the speaker, " you and Stoak, whether successful or not in your Bear cb, must retnrn to the regiment. A day later, and you will both be considered and treated as deser- ters.}' So saying, he turned his horse's head, and rejoined the party he had quitted at a brisk trot. That same night the Colonel waa ordered by General TawD to make a recognisance, at a point not more than two miles from the spot where he had met our hero and bia oompanions. They encountered a piquet of Russians, who fled at their approach, but unfortunately fired first, and Morely fell, his death deeply lamented by all who served under him, save one, and to that one his fate was a source of joy-for in the hurry of starting on his ill fated expedition, the Colonel had forgotten to write in the orderly book the leave of absence he had granted to Steak and Charles, who,.consequently, were looked upon by all in the regiment as having gone over to the enemy. When we say all, as a matter of course, we except Jaok Corling and Serjeant-Bailey.- -The suspicions of the for- mer, when he heard that his young master waa musing, were directed to Cuthbert, and he threatened that if any harm had befallen our hero, his dastardly cousin should answer dearly for it ; and he was exactly the kind of per- son to keep his word. Bailey, whose remorse for the share he had had in the min of onr hero's prospects was deep and Binoere, over- heard more than one of these threats, and anxious to pre- vent the terrible consequences of any outburst of indigna- tion on the part of Jack Corling, oontrived that the latter should be included in a draft of his regiment who were to be sent the next day to Balaclava-where confusión had established her reign-where stores of provisions and ammunition were lying on the quays for want of a road to convey them to the camp. At break of day the detachment started. Many and bitter were the murmurings of the brave fellows as they waded through what had now beoome a perfeot morass. Sometimes they were up to their knees in mud ; then, by way of variety, sorambling through low, stunted, prickly brushwood, a cold sleety rain pelting in their faces. "A battle," the men observed, "would have been ohild's play to it." On their way they encountered parties of soldiers Isden like mules-some with shot, others with provi- sions-all oursin g and grumbling at the want of fore- sight which rendered such toil indispensable to the safety of the army. None endured these sufferings better than Jaok. The rude apprenticeship be had served in Siberia and during his esoape, had hardened him ; and had his heart been less heavy with melancholy forebodings as to the fate of Charles, he would have smiled at the rest. Ab it was, he marched sullenly and gloomily, appearing to take a savage delight in eaoh fresh hardship as it presented itself. It was nightfall before they reached their destination, where no arrangements had tuen made for their recep- tion. The consequence was that the detachment were compelled to make themselves, and passed the night in one of the churches, to the intense horror of the Greek priests, who deemed the temple polluted by the presence of the unwashed, hungry heretics. It is not our intention to dwell upon the want of or- ganisation, both in commissariat and engineering depart- ments, whioh produced suoh disastrous results to our army in the East. A far abler pen has already described them. Casks of biscuit and beef, with no other covering than a tarpaulin thrown carelessly over them, were rotting in the wet ; the quays so encumbered with packages that circulation was impeded ; clerks and storekeepers were running madly about, asking for orders which no one ap- peared authorised to give ; surgeons entreating for me- dical stores, buried in the holds of vessels unable to dis. charge their oargoes. Babel must have been an orderly and comfortable place in comparison to it. " Well," thought Jaok, as he stood leaning on his muB ket in his sentry-box, ana ooolly surveying the scene, "if this be soldiering and glory, gire me the plough-tail and home, Siberia be a paradise to it. What would folk say to it in England, if they could see it ?" Theis was on the morning after his arrival in Bala- clava ; he had just gone on duty. " Grog for the camp," he oried, as a couple of stout Highlanders marohed past him with a barrel slung on a pole, which they carried upon their shoulders. "No," replied one of the men, with a grin ; "pepper." "Pepper!" ' For the soup of the Russians," added the Soot; " and I'm thinking it will make the kail mair het than they like to take it." " Just lo9k ahint ye and you'll see the pepper-box," drily observed the second Highlander, "and that'll tell ye the sort of pepper we are carrying on.'' About a hundred paces lower down on the quay, Jaok saw a number of men dragging a heavy gun. It was gunpowder they were laden with. It wsb in this manner, for want of a proper road, that artillery and ammunition were obliged to be conveyed to the camp. We have often wondered why large flat-bot- tomed sledges were never tried ; but had any one sug- gested the experiments, in all probability a model in the first instance, would have had to have tren made, then sent to England for the Board of Ordnance to have reported on, and by the time the navvies, who were af- terwards sent out, had completed the road, permission arrived to have used them. From the scene of confusion near him, the attention of the sentinel was soon directed to a trim-looking cutter or yaoht which had just entered the harbour. Evidently it was not a government vessel ; there was no swallow tail pendant floating from the mast. " Would I and Master Charley," muttered the honest lad, " were on board of you, and your sail» set towards England. I have had quite enough of furrin parts. What fool» men are," he added, " to leave their oomfort able home, to sae the world, as they oa.ll it. Fur my part 1 wish it wor co bigger nor Suffolk, and I safo in Harley ford." ' From the recollection of his native place, the thoughts of the (.peaker naturally wandered to Susan, and the friends whom he began to despair of ever seeing, again. He wondered how she looked ; whether she had been faithful to him during his long absencs, or had found another lover : a suspicion not altogether unreasonable, when the natural inclination for coquetry of the pretty waiting maid is taken into consideration. ' For nearly au hour Jaok remained ohewing the oud of sweet and bitter reflections, speculating alternately on the fate of his young master, and on the prospects of Susan's fidelity. During this time, a boat had put off from the yacht, whioh had been ordered by the harbour master to Gist anchor on account of the number of ves- sels alongside the quay, and rowed towards the shore A party consisting of two ladies and the sams number of gentlemen, all well mcfRad up in furs and doaks, Btepped on shore, and were guided by a young midship- man to a house, one of the best in the place, directly opposite. " How like that old gentleman's walk be (o Sir Edward Challoner'8," said the soldier. ' Pooh, I be getting soft and foolish loike. I shall fancy, I suppose, that I see t-usan next.'' Scarcely had the words escaped his lips than another boat whioh had closely followed the first, oame alongside, and a female laden with a bind box and sundry small packages, stepped on shore, accompanied by an old man in livery ; but it was on the the former that the eye j of Jack were fixed. Never had he seen suoh a likenesB ; he rnbbed his eyes, fancying that Iiis imagination had deoeived him ; and nob satisfied with the experiment, next pinched his nose to convince himself that he was not dreaming. < He came at last to the conclusion, that if he was not mad, it was either Susan or her ghost, and shouted out her name. He was right ; the yacht whioh had attracted his attention was no other than the Mermaid, from whioh Sir Edward, Beatrice, Mary, and her husband had jost landed; and the second pirty oonsisted of honest old Christy and the waiting- maid, who, on bearing the voice of her lover reoognised it in an instant, and dropping her paokages, stared round her. " Here ! Susan, here in the sentry box," said Jaok. The girl, who really loved him, sprang «oroBB the quay, and the next instant waa locked io his arms, to the great amusement of a party of sailors who were passing,-and we might add to their envy, for, as we have before ob- served, Susan was remarkably pretty. Poor Jaok was almost frantio with delight. He hugged both her and his musket in one affectionate embrace, and even went so far at to commit a petty larceny, amount- ing to half a dozen kisses, before Bhe missed them. "Heaven bless thee, Susan," he said; "1 never thought to see thee again. Thee besst as handsome aa ever, what do 1 Bay ?-ten times more beautifuller. How be Sir Edward and young lady. Thee bea?'t married ? Who broke the bay colt ? Lord ! Lord ! I shall go mad with joy. Give I another kiss." The waiting maid reminded him that he had taken more than he was entitled to already. "Buu how did thee get here?" demanded her lover. " With the Mermaid." "Really now," said Jack, with a look of surprise; " well, that ba onrious. Thof I've seen io muoh of for- ren parts, I never seed a mermaid. Master Charley says theie bean't such critters." Susan explained to him that it was the name of Mr. Frank Moreland's yaoht, in whioh she and her master and Beatrice had made the voyage. "It wor Sir Edward himself, then," exclaimed the astonished lad. " Well, I thought I know'd his walk again ; and if I bean't dreamin-just give me one kiss to convince me I am not-I seed old Christie-" " Of course you did." No sooner had the groom recognised Jaok than leaving the lovers to the transports of their meeting, he has- tened to the house to inform the baronet, who, accom- panied by Frank Moreland, hastened into the street. Never had the poor lad felt so proud and gratified as when the old gentleman shook him by the hand, in the presence of Susan too, and oalled him his faithful bonsst friend. . ' I have only done my duty, Sir Ed ward," he blubbered, "and perhaps not always that, for-we have seen mortal hard times of it." " The/ shall be pleasant ones for the future," observed the father of Beatrice ; " but where is the dear boy ?" The countenance of Jack fell; the question was a damper to his joy. " Cant tell 'ee, Sir Edward," he answered with a groan. "Not tell me,"repeated the baronet; " why surely you have not abandoned bim " "I abandon him ! I leave Master Charley ! Not for all the gold in London, and they do say there be a mortal lot there," replied the lad, " not that I ever found any," he added, with a sigh of bitter recollection. " He has left me : they say he has gone over to the enemy, but it's a lie, a wioked lie; I'd stake my life on it." " And I mine,'' added the btronet, emphatically. " What !'' be ooctinued, in a tone of indignation, " Charles, who has ever shown himself the soul of honor, desert the colours of his oonntry-go over to the enemy, draw the sword against those of his own blood and raes ! Impossible-the accusation is as monstrous as ridiculous, and none but a fool would gue ear to it." "Or one who felt au interest in his ruin," suggested Frank Moreland. " You forget that his cousin Cuthbert is in the same regiment, and that no tie of kindred, no sense of shame, wonld prevent thit vary politic young gentleman from using every means to blast the reputa- tion of one who haB proved his rival both in love and fortune." "True," muttered Sir Edward, "true. Alas, the misery of evil days is not ended yet. This sad news must be kept from Trioksey," he added : " a second blow I would kill her." Both the gentlemen impressed upon the mind of Jaok the necessity of conoealment. They knew how ounning the affection of woman is, how persevering ; that it tries a thousand means to gain the intelligence it seeks. " You will be questioned," they said, "on every point; the slightest beaitation or discrepancy will be perceived. You must be firm-rook, marble." " Never fear me," replied the honest fellow, " though I'd rather put my right hand in the fire than tell a lia to Miss Beatrice-still, if it is for ber good, I'll not flinoh. I bean't the ignorant, simple critter I wor," be added, "when Sir Edward sent I to London wi' a letter for Master Charley. Siberia be a rough sohool, but a good one, and the Rooshians hard masters." Satisfied with this assurance, Frank Moreland, who had made up his mind to keep the distressing intelli- gence even from his wife, proceeded at onoe to the quar- ters of the commandant of Balaclava, to whom he was personally known, and readily obtained a day's liberty for Jsok, whose joy was sufficiently tempered by his anxiety respecting the fate of his young master to render him cuntióos, and in less than an hour be presented him self st the house which had been taken by a Greek agent for the baronet. It was a very fortunate ciroumstance that Susan, who in her womanly sympathy for the feelings of her mistress resolved to be the first to impart the joyful intelligence of her meeting with Jack, had not remained to hear the conversation between fcir Edward and her lover. There wonld have been no possibility of keeping a secret had she shared in the keeping of it. It must have come out, despite the promises and well- intentioned resolution she might have made to the contrary. Mary and the heiress had soarcely taken possession of the apartments in their new abjde, when the waiting maid .burst into the room, and, with asortof half hysteri- cal giggle, threw herself upon one of the couches, ex otaiming " I have seen him ! I have seen him !" Beatrice turned exceedingly ^ale, and her cousin, alarmed at the imprudence of the girl, vainly attempted to check her volubility. She might as well have tried to stop the Fall of Niagara, by placing one of her tiny feet against it- or have put its waters in her retiou'e. " He has got away safe from the bears and the Roo* ahiaus," continued the wailing maid, "and thongh they have made a soldier of him, Sir Edward will soon settle that. Ob, my lady ! oh, Mrs. Moreland ! you can't think what I felt when I heard his own dear voice ihont out, ' Susan, here in the sentry box.' " " Whose voice ?". demanded M»ry, impatiently ; for, seeing that the explanation was .¡(.evitable, Bhe felt for her cousin's agony. " His voice ! Jaok's voice ! Jack in a box !" A violent hysterical laugh dosed her speech, and it was some moments before there appeared the slightest ohance of obtaining a reasonable answer from her momenta of dreadful suspense to the heart of the heiresB. " Susan," said the poor girl, placing her hand upon her arm, " for Heaven's sake tell me whom it is you have seen ?.' "Jack, my lady, Jack Curling, my own dear Jack " " And bis master ?" gasped Beatrice, who dared not trust herself to pronounce the name of our hero, lest her fortitude should desert her st the word. " I haven't seen bim yet,'' replied the waiting maid, struck with sudden remorse at what appeared selfishness, in not having inquired after her young lady's lover. "But be is quite well. He muBt be well, or Jack would have told me. Of course," she added, " they would not put a true bom gentleman like Mr. Charles in a box. He will bs here soon ; they will both be here." When the baronet and Frank returned to their abode, with the intention of breaking the intelligence as oau tiously as possible to our heroine, they found, to their vexation, that 8u8an bad been bäforehand with them. Poor Beatrice was in a state of great nervous excitement : she fixed her eyes anxiously upon her father, then direoted them towards the door of the apartment, as if expecting some one to follow. " I know it all, papa," she exclaimed, at the same time throwing her arms around the old man's neck ; " you have seen him " "I have seen one of them," replied Sir Edward Oh al- lon er, forcing a smile, "and the other is not far off. Tricksey," he added, pressing her fondly to him, " now when our troubles and anxieties are so nearly over, when happiness begins to dawn bright and unclouded, now is the time for firmness, to bear up against the transports, the madness of joy, as nobly as you struggled with grief" " Do tot fear me," replied the poor girl, cheated into happiness by these words; "it will not kill me OharleR," she whispered-" There, you see I can pro- nounce his name, and my lips do not even quiver, or the blood forsake my cheek. One word-one little word, and 1 will wait patiently, father, patiently, for the rest does he live ?" " Live !" repeated her parent, and a pang rent his kind old heart as he evaded the question. " Did not I meet you with a smile ? Look at Frank-does he cot partake I of my satisfaction ? Of course he lives " " And is well ?" " Jack Curling, who has been sent here with a portion | of his regiment, saw him only three days since at the camp in perfect health. There has been no battle," he added, "no engagement sinca then, so we have nothing to apprehend on the dear boy's aooount This is the secret I osma to break to you, only that ohattering hussy," he added, glancing at Susan, "I find, has been beforehand with me." The speaker wob, perhapB, the only person in the world of whom the pretty waiting maid stood really in awe, but evan her patience gave way at what she considered fir Edward's unreasonableness. Had she red oted at the possible effaot of her precipitation on the exoited mind of Beatrice, it might have modified her anger ; as it was, she turned her head and muttered something about the poor having their feelings as well as the rich. "True,"said the old gentleman, good humouredly, for he felt that it was useless to blame her. "And I was wrong to speak so harshly, but you forget that you de- prived me of the pleasure of imparting this jay ful intelli- gence to mv daughter myself." Susan suddenly recolleoted that she had done so. " And that your manner of imparting intelligence is not the most cautions in the world. But there-away with you," he added; "you will find one below, who doubtless thinks you faultless. Whether marriage may one day cause him to change his opinion, is your affair, not mine " Glad to escape, the waiting maid hurried from the room, and descended to the apartment oocupied by the Bervanti, where, to her great delight, she discovered Jaok, who had already commenced relating a portion of his adventures to Christie aud the rest of the baronet's domes' ies, who oould scarcely believe that the raw country yokel, whom they had formerly laughed at, and played so many trioks on during his short residence at the Moat, and the man who had been exiled to Siberia, escaped from thence, snared sables, and shot a bear, was oue and the same person. In their opinion, he was quite a hero, and Jack modestly allowed them to enjoy it. After a rough but rapid outline of his and his young master's adventures, the honest lad proceeded to describe their enlisting in the army, and the manner in which Cuthbert Vavasseur treated his oousin. A burst of in- dignation followed; it was succeeded by a feeling of horror at the attempt made upon the life of Charles, which the speaker unhesitatingly attributed to the in- stigation of his relative. " The monster !" exclaimed Susan. And the word waB echoed by all who heard it. Christie thrust his hand into his bosom, just between his waiatooat and shirt : be appeared to be feeling for something. One of the footmen gare a knowing smile, as if he alone com- prehended the action. "And where is poor, dear Master Charley now?" de- manded the waiting maid, anxious to repair her former omission and have something positive to impart to her young lady. ' I saw him at the oamp only three days since,'' replied her lover. " Was he well?» " Quite." " And only a simple soldier like yourself," added Susan, in a tone of surprise. " Well, 1 should have thought they would have made a captain of him at the very least. But fighting will be over-and yours too for I know that before we left England Mrs. Moreland had a long interview with the Queen, and that her Majesty has done something, I don't exactly know what it is, for both of yon." 1 ' Glad to hear it," observed Jack, drily. " I shall be quite content to repose upon my laurels; I don't want any fresh ones." "Especially as you don't intend to repose upon them alone," added Mrs Moreland'« own maid, with a laugh whioh brought a deep blush into the oheeks of the pretty 8usan. Th» bell rang twioe : a signal that Sir Edward Cbal loner required the présenos of Christie, who rose and quitted the room. Soaroely had he closed the door, than the footman, who had given so knowing a smile when the old man thrust his hand into hiB waistcoat, drew his chair closer to the table, with the air of a man who had some- thing to communicate. " l'on all remember the duel ?" he said. Every one but Jaok did recollect it, and he did not think it worth while to interrupt the speaker by any unnecessary inquiries-an example which we most oon scientiouily reoommend to our readers. " Well," continued the man, "after the great London dootor had extracted the bullet, no one could tell what beoame of it." " True," observed another of the servants. " I heard him inquire after it myself, and he seemed vexed at the loss. 1 wonder what he wanted with it." "I oould tell what beoame of it," said the firtt speaker. " You !" "Yes. Christie ha» got ?it,'' he added, lowering his voice ; " he oarries it Bewn up in the lining of his waist ooat." " What use can it ba to him ?" demanded Susan, who was a great lover of the marvellous. " Have you any idea, Jack?" "Perhaps I have," replied her lover with a knowing look. " Christie bean't the mun to keep a thing of that sort without one day finding a use for it." " Not a word," said the footman, as he heard the foot* fall of the subject of their conversation in tbe passage ; " be would never forgive me, and Christie be an awkward customer to offend." A general " not a word," and a huBh followed, as the groom opened the door and made his appearance amongst them. Sir Edward had yielded at last to the entreaties of his daughter to see Jaok, of whose discretion he did not feel altogether assured, and Christie had been sent to sum- mons him to the presence of the ladies. \- " If you have any bad news," observed the faithful Ipmestio, as he quitted the room with the soldier, '{keep it to yourself." i " Why should you think I have any bad news?" I Christie Bhrugged his shoulders. , " Did Sir Edward tell you so ?" i "No," replied the oil man; " but he bade me desire ton to be cautious, and I guessed what that meant; besides, I have not lived so many years in the world without learning a lesson or two. Yon don't speak of Master Charley freely when any one asks you where he is, or how yon left him ; your eye grows trouMed, and yon ohange the subjeot as quickly as possible. My youog ld¡tly, Heaven bless her, who is as shrewd as she is beau- tiful, will be sure to observe all this." " Thee baest a 'oute chap" observed Jaok, with a Bmile; 'and if I had not so faithtnlly promised Sir Edward and Mr. Moreland--" i "Keep your promise, if you have made one," inter- rupted Christie; " 1 don't want yon to break it. If the 'Squire'"-that was the name by which he generally designated his master-" thinks it necessary 1 should know anything, he will tell me himself; and if he doeBn't I'd rather not hear it. All I have to say." he added, "is to repeat his own words.- Be cautions." JThus warned, Jack was ushered into the apartment in wpich the ladies and the two gentlemen were seated. The eyes of the heiress filled with tears as she placed her hand in that of the companion of her lover, whose fidelity had won him a pUoe in her gratitude aad esteem. The poor lad Mt more embarrassed at the honour than wheo Sir Edward himself bad shaken hands with him; he felt, half afraid and half ashamed to grasp the delicate white palm so cordially extended to him, and stood blushing and bowing like a schoolboy. " Kiss it, Jack," said the baronet, with a good humoured laugb ; 'you deserve the privilege, and Triok .ey is no daughter of mine if she feels offended at it." The heiress smiled through her tears, and the rough soldier raised her slender fingers gently to his lips, kiss- ing them as timidly as though he were afraid they shonld harm bim, or he was committing some crime. "No doubt but you have been relating all yon have seen and gone through," continned the spoaker, " to Susan and the fellows below." The lad confessed that he had. "And you must tell us the same story," said Mrs Moreland, " in your own homely way ; here is a seat by the fire." Jaok assured the lady that he would muoh rather stand -an arrangement whioh none of the party would listen to-and, despite his diffidenoe, he was obliged to take the ohair offered to him. Although, in his moJeity, he felt that it was too muoh hononr, he could not help secretly wishing that Susan would come into the room, and see the consideration with whioh he was treated ; and it was not long before his very natural pieca of vni.it) was gratified. Be had soaroely began his narra ive, be- fore the waiting maid mads her appearanoa, under pre tenoe of atking some directions from her mistress. Beatrice understood the little manouvre, and direoted her to remain. " You will have a hundred questions a minute to an- swer at the very least/' observed the baronet. " A thousand, Sir Ed a ard, if Miss Beatrice wishes it," was the reply. Our readers can readily imagine the emotion with which the tale of our hero's sufferings was listened to Tears of pity were drawn from the eyes of his hearers. The friendship of Henri, and the calm, stern character of Julian, whioh the Bpeiker painted well, bsoause he drew from nature, exoited the deepest admiration. How Beatrice shuddered and olung to Mary as she listened to the dangers of their esoape, the terrors of that lonely rook on whioh the exiles had so nearly perished for want of food. " God has indeed been meroiful," Bobbed the heiress. " His hand bath supported him." fctrange to say, Mrs. Moreland appeared far more curious than her cousin in her inquiries respecting Lelia. she mide Jaok desoribe, with the utmost minuteness, every inoident that had occurred in which the fair Cir- cassian was concerned ; and only desisted from question- ing bim whan she had succeeded in elioiting the fact of her love for the young Frenchman, end that the passion was a mutual one. Beatrioe scarcely comprehended the motives of her cousin. She had given her heart frankly, wholly to the object of her choice ; and true hearts doubt not when they love. Her father's indignation was chiefly exoited at tin harahnesi ot General lawn, whom he had known from boyhood. That the Rauians should have treated his favorite, Charles, with cruelty and tyranny, exiled, and given out forged proofs of his death, did not so muoh surprise him ; but Tawn was an Englishman-a former friend ; and bis injustice galled him. " The old fool ?'' be exolaimed. " But wait till I see him ! If I don't speak my opinion of his conduct more plainly than I ever yet spoke it to any man, my name is not Ned Chslloner. Had he not been as blind as obsti- nate, he might have seen ~ the dear boy "'"was" a gentleman ; never knew a man in my life upon whose brow nature had written the oharaoter more legibly." " Ah ! sir," observed Jaok, " the general bean't the worst enemy poor Master Charley has had to oontend with " The baronet bit his lips with vexation ; he felt that they were approaohing dangerous ground, and he men- tally blamed his own impetuosity. "Enemy!" repeated the heiress. " Is it possible that Charles has found an enemy among9t his own country- men ? Who would be so cruel-bo base ?" " His cousin Cuthbert," sai J Susan, anxious to take a ?hare in the conversation. " He is an officer in the Birne regiment." At the name of the man who had so nearly made her au orphan, her mistress felt her heart sink within her. " Cuthbert Vavasseur in the Crimea ?" she faltered. " Yes, my lady." "And with the power as well as will to insult and tyrannise over his oonsin ; to goad his prond spirit by daily, hourly taunts. Father, this was the misfortune my heart divined. I felt assured there was some fresh trial at hand-some new misery to enoounter ; my fore- bodings," she added, in a tone of despair, " have not de- ceived me " Mentally curiing the offioiousness of Sucan, the baronet hastened, if possible, to reassure his child, glad that nothing more had bsen elioited. " Triokiey,'' he said, "you alarm yourself without oause. Although in the same regiment, Charles is not under the immediate command of his cousin. At Alma and Inkermann the dear boy distinguished himself, and has doubtless made friends ; addsd to whioh, Jaok saw him only three days since in perfect health, and co quar- rel or outbreak had then ocourred between them." The heiress rose from her seat, and fixing her eyes earnestly upon her lover's humble friend, as if she would read his very soul, earnestly implored him to speak the truth. " I have spoken it, my lady," replied the lad. "And concealed nothing?" " Nothing," said Jack, trying to look as unconcerned as possible. Beatrice turned from him with a look of doubt her heart was not convinced. That Bame night Baladava was visited by a frightful storm. Ships were driven from their moorings, and dashed madly against the racks. Vessels, whioh from want of room in the port, had been obliged to stand out to sea, were either lost or driven to distant ports. When morning broke, the first intelligence brought to Mr. Moreland was that his yaoht, the "Mermaid," was no longer to be seen. The baronet wrung his bandi in agony. The Queen's letter had been left with his baggage on boaid. 