ACCORDING to the decision of the Assembly, come to on Tuesday last, Mr. Miller, member for Creswick, will have full opportunity to prove his immaculacy, while the fact that Mr. Grant himself asked for a committee to inquire into the charges made against certain members in connection with his department, will still more strongly establish his claim to be considered honest and straightforward in carrying out the very onerous duties of his position as Minister of Lands. Mr. Grant very charitably and generously disbelieves the allegations made against Messrs Miller and Stutt, bnt in spite of this, we should manifest but little esteem for Messrs McCulloch or his colleagues, were we to accept the dictum of even Mr Grant in a matter so important as that now before the country. Mr Miller's admissions on Tuesday evening, in the opinion of his most enthusiastic friends cannot be otherwise regarded than confirmatory of the charges made, as also that the hon. member altogether misapprehends his duty to his constituents. The charges made against Mr. Miller are, that in direct contravention of the Land Act, he purchased from selectors allotments of land taken up under the 42nd section and handed them over to others—no doubt for value received. These charges, to use his own words, Mr, Miller does not deny! Moreover, he states, with unblushing effrontery, his belief that "if he had even purchased the allotments for himself he would not have done anything wrong or outside of the law !" In terms still more plain, Mr. Miller says " I only acted as the agent of others !" Can anything be more to the point than such an admission ? Will Mr. Miller affect to ignore the express covenants of the Land Act, declaring such agency illegal, or will he profess to be ignorant of the long lists of forfeited allotments appearing from time to time in the Government Gazrfte, brought about by the illegal acts of corrupt agents ? The only conclusion in the matter we can come to is that Mr. Miller, taken red-handed in the fact, has determined boldly to admit what it has become impossible to deny, and where there may be a lack of proof with reference to other charges, to adopt tactics of an opposite kind. The most serious charge made againt Mr. Miller is that of one John Mathieson, a farmer of Lake Bolac, who has declare d upon oath that Mr Miller, the member for Creswick, offered to obtain for him 800 acres of land for the sum of £50 : Mathieson however, thinking the sum asked too much, offered £20, which Mr Miller refused and the matter fell through. This charge Mr Miller, on Tuesday last, in his explanation, characterised as utterly untrue, and to prove his case vilified in not the choicest language the private character of his accuser. " This man" (Mathieson), said the hon. member, " had accused him (Mr. Miller) of stealing pegs, for the object, as he believed, of inducing him to commit a breach of the peace. The very sight of the man was a sufficient answer to any of his statements." We are amongst the few, as no doubt will be Mr Miller's constituents, who scarcely consider this tu quo que argument as at all tending to establish his character for veracity. Like tho lawyer, when there is no case for his client, he determines to abuse the other side. With reference to the charges brought against Messrs Miller and Stutt and some seven or eight other members of the Assembly, who have earned the unwholesome repute of traffickers in the good things of the Lands Department, we trust the committee of twelve appointed on Tuesday last, will sift them to the bottom ; the whole country is positively scandalised by the revelations lately made with reference to not a few of our so-called popular representatives. It is scarcely possible that any of these gentlemen can so far have misunderstood the functions with which they were entrusted as to believe they are authorised to act as paid agents to secure for their constituents parliamentary favors. According to Mr. Miller, the last is the construction he puts upon his duty as a member of the Assembly ! In common with other representatives of the Press in the colony, whether Liberal or Constitutional, we demand at the hand:* of the committee now appointed to investigate the charges made against Messrs Miller and Stutt the most searching inquiry, and we also look to the Assembly as a body, should the charges bo proved, to mete out to the offenders the punishment to which, in such case, they will be so justly entitled. The most satisfactory feature of the debate on this important question on Tuesday last, was the announcement made by Mr. Grant that in future he proposed that all disputes as to lands applied for on sale or lease between the Government and individuals should be investigated openly and on stated days. Such a proposition, if carried, we believe will do much to destroy the backstairs influence of needy members of the Assembly. The Lands Department has been hitherto the chief source of emolument to the hangers on of those in office, and rather than such a state of affairs should longer continue, we would immolate both Mr M'Culloch and Mr Grant, together with their parasites. We shall watch with no little anxiety, the action taken by their constituencies, should the eharges made against Messrs Miller and Stutt be fully proved. If the Parliament of Victoria is intended to represent the honor and respectability of the country, the constituencies must speak out boldly when the reputation of their representatives is sullied in the slightest degree. If not, then we must rest contented to see the Assembly degenerate by degrees into a den of—well anything but honest men. We are glad to notice that the trustees of the English Church, at Avoca, are giving tangible proof of their determination to erect a structure befitting the exigencies of the times. Already the foundations of the new Church are being laid, and in the course of six months it is expected the whole building will be completed. The sum in hand to meet the contracts we understand is little short of £500. This will be supplemented by a like sum from the Church Building Fund. The whole cost of the building will exceed £1,200, but there need be no fear entertained that the whole will not be collected. The Church, when finished, will be a very handsome structure ; the site—a gentle eminence behind the Wesley an Church—is a most admirable one, far superior to that upon which the building now used for church purposes is erected. No less than two very serious accidents occurred to Chinamen, at Fiddler's Creek, on Wednesday last. Both men, strange to say, were injured at the same time although working in different claims and under precisely similar circumstances—a large stone falling upon each while working in the drives of their respective claims, Dr Martin happening, fortunately, to be on the spot at the time, his services were placed in immediate requisition. Roth men, we learn, are very seriously injured, the pieces of rock having fallen upon the backbone of each, thus rendering a speedy recovery anything but probable. For the information of residents at Fiddler's Creek we are requested to mention that on Sunday next Mr Nicholson, the Wesleyan minister here 5 will preach at 3 p. m., in the open air at that place, in front of Messrs Downie and Go's store. This mode of addressing those willing to attend has been adopted in consequence of no suitable building being available at Fiddler's Creek. The entertainment given in the new School-house at Mountain Hut, on the 22nd instant, was a very decided success in every way. The preparations made by the school committee master, mistress, and the residents of the picturesque valley were creditable in the extreme, and every comfort was ensured to visitors from a distance, of whom there mustered a large number, especially from the Amphitheatre. Over 200 tickets had been sold. The special feature offered for the evening was the delivery, by Mr John Cooke, of Avoca, of his lecture on " Superstitions," which commenced the proceedings —after an address at some length by Mr Robert Walker, of the Amphitheatre school, who was unanimously voted to the chair. The lecturer commenced by remarking on the strange holding of superstitious belief in all times and in all countries of the world, even extending to this newly found part of it. Any reference to this belief in the remotest degree affecting religious observances would carefully be avoided. Tl e subject itself was a curious one, and embraced strange facts, even to such as aSected the peace of kingdoms and the safety of thrones. The lecturer then glanced rapidly through the extraordinary practices in vogue in the old country at the time of the Druids and since ; the belief in the power of witchcraft and the legislative enactments affecting it ; the strange trials used in proof of guilt by challenge ; dreams, fairies, ghosts, and supernatural appearances ; omens of good and evil, with a string of proverbs in rhyme relating to the customs of our ancestors and of universal adoption. The lecture was listened to with much attention, and the elders of the audience testified to their vivid remembrance of the allusions to old customs by laughter and exclamations. The conclusion of the address was in the shape of a candid hope that all present would be haunted by kind memories and good intentions ; would feal the witchery of bright *-yes and sweet smiles, and would have the igusu* vi iV.ry footsteps resounding through all their dwellings; The vocal part followed, each one essaying to do his best at the call of the chairman. This part of the programme consisted of a song by Mr Webber, " Brandy and Salt; Mr W, Jones, "My darling ould Schtick," encored ; Mrs Lewis, " Kathleen Mavourneen ;" Mr Ferrers, ' Music by the Moonlit Sea;" Mr Tindall, reading " Daniel versus Dishclout ; Miss Neil, 4 5 The Crystal Spring Mr J. C. Smith, « The Lady and Bullock Driver Mrs McVicar, "The sad Sea Waves " Mr Webber, " Dickey Dutton ;" Miss Hammond, " The Sailor's Farewell to his Mother ;" Mr Smith, " The Five Points of Love ;" Song, Mr T. Baines, " Molly Biwn ;" old ditty by Mr Cooke, " Why are you wandering here, I pray." The usual votes of thanks were passed and acknowledged, and a large party of both sexes, after the room had heen cleared of seats, &c;,, commenced dancing to some good violin music. The characteristic music of the bagpipes was heard during the evening, and excited mingled and pleasing sensations. It is satisfactory to know that sufficient money was realized to complete the furnishing, fittings, &c.; of the school- house. Our fair correspondent Jessie." whose photograph we have before announced is to be seen at this office, again writes us to express her surprise that no gentleman has up to the present time replied to her advertisement, "Wanted a Husband." We can assure " Jessie" that we are equally surprised and indeed quice shocked at the lack of gallantry displayed by Victorian bachelors. A fair widow of five and twenty, the mistress of an extensive station, should not in these times long want a wooer. We have to re-assert our belief in the genuineness of the proposal made by the original of the charming portrait alluded to, which, do our best, it will be difficult if not impossible altogether to efface from memory. The following is a copy of the last neat missive received from our fair correspondent, which, alas! in the fear of melodramatic consequences, we are compelled to conceal from the hitherto partner of our joys :—" Collins Street, July 29, 1869\. To the Editor of the Avoca Mail. Sir,— Can you tell me the reason that I have never received one answer to the advertisement I sent you some weeks ago. I thought I should have no difficulty in finding a gentleman suitable in every respect. Perhaps they think I am not serious about it, but if they will write and address 'Mrs Dyenever, General Post-office Melbourne,' they will perhaps be convinced, If any one has answered and addressed to Ararat, I have never been able to get any letters from thenee. If you will kindly make some remark concerning this on Saturday, you will greatly add to the obligations of JESSIE. DYENKVEII." The Inaugural Meeting of the Amphitheatre Quadrille Assembly was held on Monday night last, in the Common School room. Rules were drawn up, a master of the ceremonies chosen, and it was decided that meetings be held every Monday. rest of The the evening was passed in dancing. The number of dancers who attended was far in excess of that expected by the promoters of this sociable scheme for relieving the tedium of the long winter nights. By a notice appearing elsewhere, it will be seen that a meeting of tho e interested in mining operations is called for Tuesday evening next, at the Shire Hall. The purpose of the meeting is to take into consideration certain resolutions adopted at a meeting of the Mining Reform League of Victoria at duties, on the 16th of July last. We have no doubt there will be a large attendance on the night named, as the resolutions are of a very important kind. They are as follow :—1st, To advocate the establishment of a uniform system mining leases. 2nd. That leases be acquired by a of simple process and be made easily transferable law. 3rd. The adoption of one uniform code of mining laws applicable to the whole colony. We are requested to intimate that the by third of the Amphitheatre series of Popular Readings will be held iu the Common School there on Wednesday, August 4th. prepared. An excellent programme has been The Popular Readings movement does not appear to decline in favor. The attendance at the Shire Hall last night was very good, A report of the proceedings will appear in our next issue* The sharp frosts of the preceding fortnight were happily for the growing crops succeeded on Wed, nesday last by steady rain ; the result has been most gratifying. the change both wheat and oats On not a few farms previous to looked very weak and sickly ; within the last few days, however, the fields have re-assumed the healthy bloom usual to this season of the year. The frosts lately experienced in this district have proved of longer duration and greater intensity than can be recollected in any previous year. Flower gardens have suffered to a considerable extent ; many rare exotics, where unprotected, having been destroyed cold. by the intense We are glad to perceive that Mr G. B. Davies' in the Assembly, has tabled a notice advocating the reduction of the rent for mining leases from £1 to 5s per acre. The exorbitant rental hitherto charged to leaseholders is literally a prohibition to all mining enterprise. Why should not owners of mining property have equal facilities with land selectors to prosecute their industry ? To demand £1 per acre rental for ground taken up under lease for mining purposes, smacks of the antiquated policy of 1851-1854, and must be characterised as nothing less than " killing the goose for the golden egg." By the Government Gazette we perceive that L. Worsley, Ebq., Avoca, has been appointed Commissioner of the Supreme Court of the colony of Victoria for taking affidavits. The office became vacant through the resignation of Mr C. E. Johns, clerk of the local Court of Petty Sessions. The Melbourne " Peripatetic Philosopher, Mr Marcus Clarke, has, it would appear, bid good-bye to his humble gaspipe, having married the favorite actress Miss Marian Dunn. Mr Clarke is the author of the story " Long Odds," that appeared in the Colonial Monthly, and is otherwise well known in colonial literary circles. A rather odd feature attaching to the nomenclature of the numerous gold mining companies now forming at Rtdbank, is the partiality shewn by the shareholders for the kingdom of Si am and its inhabitants. First on the list is the White Elephant company, followed by the Little Elephant and the Black Elephant companies, and, lastly, by the King of Siam company. The kingdom of Borneo, in default of other Siamese celebrities (promoters have evidently forgotten the celebrated twins), has been taken in hand, and now there is a Borneo company, and, no doubt, the Rajah of Sa/awuk company will soon follow, Our Fiddler's Creek correspondent, speaking o the Mongolians,[a large number of whom have been attracted to that locality, says:—It may not be generally known that the Chinese esteem the Australian snake a great delicacy, as also the iguano or tree lizard. The manner in which they dress and cook the snake is as follows : About four inches of the head end are cut off and put with others in jars or bottles filled up with strong vinegar (for some after use) ; the snakes are then skinned and opened down the belly, flattened out, and fried in oil ; when cooked the flesh is comparatively white, and appears like the flesh of river fish. The iguano is eaten cooked in nearly the same way. Another public meeting was held at the Sham, rock Hotel Redbank, on the 21st instant, in the matter of the Redbank Commons, Mr R. J. Haworth having been called to the chair proceeded to explain that at the urgent request of the Commoners he had convened this meeting; and he understood it was the intention of the meeting to take definite action for the proper management of the Common, He agreed with them that decisive steps should at once be taken ; he should most readily lend what assistance he could to endeavour to get things straightened up. Several dairymen stated that at the present moment the common was overrun with 'the squatters' sheep, and that one squatter was actually camped on the common. The chairman then proceeded to read a letter received from the President of the Avoca Shire Council; the contents, as far as referred to the common, he thought they had a right to know, as the conduc* of the meeting might be guided by it. The letter was then read, and after a lengthened discussion the following resolution was adopted :-—that this meeting ballot for three names, and submit them to the Mining Board, asking to elect them to act in conjunction with three at present holding their appointment under the great seal of the Board of Lands and Works, and, failing them, to refer to the Government. T he Pleasant Creek Chronicle says;—The enticing and exciting game " Yankee Grab," which admits of three throws of the dice, selecting the highest dice on each bone to make a number to stand on, for the matter of a boh a go, has received rather a severe check in Hamilton. By the police records in that town, we notice a dozen youths, described as holding responsible situations, were brought up at the police court, charged with thu s gambling. The boniface in whose house they were was fined £10, and the youths were discharged with a very severe caution. Our contemporary also remaiks, " If this law were strictly enforced on the Reefs what a ' grab' tb© police could make." A rather impoitant " grab" of a similar kind, we think, could be made any day during the week at Avoca, where the game has become quite an institution. The Talbot Leader of Tuesday says:—An instance of gratitude worth chronicling came to our knowledge recently. Ten years ago, a digger working at Talbot experienced the benefits of the religious ordinances as they were administered in the church here. The impression produced on his mind seems to have been lasting. Shortly after his change of heart he went to the West Coast Diggings, in New Zealand, and remained there until his deadi, which took place a short time since. He had accumulated money, and out of his savings left a legacy to assist in defraying the debt on the Talbot Wesleyan Church, A widow residing on Talbot has also been remembered in his will to the amount of £10. In the view of a meat- preserving company to be established at Avoca very shortly, upon the prospects of which it is our intention to speak more fully next week, the following remarks made by those assembled at a dinner given in commemoration of the establishment of the Melbourne Meat Preserving Company by the employes at the Oddfellows' Hall, Swanston street, early in the week, will no doubt be found of interest j—" The company numbered about ninety persons. The chair was occupied by Mr Elliott, foreman of the tinsmiths, supported on his right by Mr Loughnans chairman of the board of directors, and on his left by Mr Sloane, also a director. Mr Johnston was vice-chairman. Mr S. S. Ritchie, manager of the company's works, was prevented by illness from responding to an invitation to be present, which seemed to be the more regretted because the occasion had been chosen for presenting him with an address from the workmen. After the loyal toasts the chairman proposed the health of Mr Ritchie, and in a few well chosen words spoke of that gentleman's connection with the meat-preserving enterprise, and the benefits which had resulted to various trades, the colony generally, and to the inhabitants of the mother country, from the establishment of such an industry. The address—a very handsome piece of engrossing by Mr Hamel, of Queen- street—intended as a tribute of respect from the employes to Mr Ritchie, was then produced and the chairman stated it would be presented at Mr Ritchie's house. Mr Thomas Ritchie, in responding on behalf of his brother, spoke of the enterprise as an indisputable success, and alluded to the generous confidence which the directors had shown in their manager. He impressed upon the workmen the important share each man present had in the enterprise, for suppose even a tin cannister was not properly made, they would see at once the work of the others would go for nought. The directors had procured thirty acres of land, upon which the homes of the employes were to be erected, and they hoped soon to see the place the scene of many happy homes. So far the company was an accomplished fact, but to carry the works on to the extent required by their orders, they wanted four times their present accommodation. Mr Ritchie then proposed the health of the directors, and success to the company. Mr Loughnan, in responding, spoke of the happy union they saw that evening between labour and capital, and then went on to refer to the confidence which himself and others had in Mr S. S, Ritchie since he first submitted his proposals to the Melbourne public. Trade was thriving with them now. They were able to turn out from 10,000 to 11,000 tins a week ; but when he stated that the demand from the other side of the water was for 100,000 tins per week, they would see what a field there was for honest rivalry. "Success to our enterprise and all kindred enterprises" was then drunk, and after other toasts had been duly honored, and an evidently much enjoyed evening spent, the company separated, the major portion of them to return to the Saltwater River. Wife-beating, says the Herald, seems fast becoming an institution among us, the more especially in some of our suburban districts, it is quite possible that a misjudged leniency may have had some effect in encouraging the tendencies of the vnmanly brutes who seem to confine their pugnaciou? propensities to iheir own flesh and. blood. The tenderness and affection of the wife, the brutality of the husband, and the mistaken leniency of the magistrate, all were exhibited on Thursday at the East Collingwood Court. Despite the fellow's entreaties, Renshaw ought to have been sent to gaol, and a good sound flogging administered to him. Persons not very careful of the physical feelings of others aie generally very careful of their own. Wife beaters garotters, child-stealers, and others of a like calling; ought to be made the subjects not only of imprisonment, but of the lash. Hulking cowards would soon drop the heating of their wives, children would not be cowed by the coming home of a brute intent on producing dismay and wretchedness instead of comfort, and women would no longer be divided between indignation at the wrong done and pity for the wrong doer. The lash, Messieurs Justices of the Peace, instead of a discharge with a caution, 'is. the fitting sentence for every wife-beater brought before your august presence. A claim which, says the Maryborough Advertiser, in the absence of a satisfactory explanation, bears a rather curious aspect, was preferred in the. Majorca Police Court on Tuesday last. Theodore Migeod, a former surgeon, to, the Court Welcome A.O. F. Majorca, sued a member of the fraternity of the name of Wright, for the recovery of £7 10s for medical services and medicines. The defendant had been a member of the body for several yearsj,. and in pursuance of the contract the complainant had entered into with the lodge, was, together with his wife, entitled to the benefits of the order, in- cluding, of course, those conferred by medical attendance. The complainant, during his term of office, extending from, August, 1868, to January 31, 1869, had to attend the defendant's wife, wh© : subsequently died, and on whose account the usuaj, funeral donation of £10 was duly paid by the Court, thus showing that the body entertained no doubt as to the bona fides of the case. The Police Magistrate (Mr Carr), having these facta before him, was apparently at a loss to know why the surgeon had brought the claim, when the latter, evidently as an answer to the enquiry, handed in the district rules, clause 61, without making any remark. The clause in question runs thus :—"No, member of any Court should be entitled to receive the benefits of this order if he wilfully conceal any disease or bodily infirmity with which he or his wife was afflicted at the time of his initiation." The Bench, as seems to us, very properly declined' to consider a matter which, if there were any grounds for raising it, was purely a question, for- the members to investigate at the surgeon's instigation, but nothing seems to have been mentioned about the subject until June last. No member would be safe if such equivocal claims as these were to receive judicial support, and it is well the case is set-* tied as it is. To the spectators the claim, looked' like what, in vulgar parlance, would be termed a "try on." Reefing at Landsborough, it would appear, holds ont good promise to the miners there.. According to the Pleasant Creek Chronicle, a crushing from the Victoria Reef, crushed at Stawell, yielded from six tons of stone eight ounees of gold. The reef is four feet thick, and the stone was taken ten feet from the surface. This claim belongs to Bilton, Appleton, and party, and is in close proximity to, the Empire Company, The history of a man named Timothy Glynn^ who appeared at the City Court, yesterday, on a charge of insulting behaviour, is of a more peculiar kind than that of most of the individuals who are in the habit of appearing before Melbournemagistrates. Some twenty years ago he occupied the humble position of chimney sweep, in the County Clare, in Ireland, and remained in obscurity until unfortunately a riot broke out in his native town, and the prominent position which he took in the dis? urbance resulted in his being numbered among a band of patriots who came to Australia for their country's good. After serving as a convict for several years, he came to Victoria*, where he became a confirmed scamp,doing no work; except when in gaol, and guilty of all kinds of offences against the laws. Some time ago a solicitor in Melbourne, who was acquainted with the man's early history, received a communication from Ireland requesting him to make inquiries concern^ ing " Mr Glynn, a settler in Victoria," on behalf of the heir-at-law of that gentleman. After a good deal of correspondence it was ascertained that Timothy was the party referred to. He had, it seems, written to his friends in Ireland, representing that he had accumulated a large fortune, and was about to sail for England by a certain vessel which he named. This ship was lost on her voyage, and these inquiries were set on foot by Glynn's sorrowing relations, with a view of getting some of his money. Of course they were quickly undeceived as to his circumstances, and since then nothing has been heard from them. Yesterday, Glynn was fined £5, in default a month's imprisonment, for the insulting behaviour of which he was accused. Some excitement was occasioned in Maryborough on Friday afternoon, by a rumor that a case of " child dropping" had occurred in the town. On investigation, it proved to be true. A new born infant not more than ten hours old, had been found rolled up in a piece of old calico, on a vacant piece of' land between the parsonage fence and M'Inerny's. There were no marks of violence, and the child was. found fully developed, healthy and vigorous and of the male sex. The body had been washed perfectly clean, and the umbilical cord recently severed, but improperly tied. A few stains of blood were foun.d on the clothing. It was immediately taken to the policy who placed it in the hands of a competent nurse.—Maryborough Advertiser. Joseph O'Brien dispenser at the Beechworth Hospital, has been committed for the manslaughter of Lees. The Government analyst, Mr Johnson, reported that he had detected in the stomach of deceased as much meconic acid as would be found in six drops of laudanum. The Melbourne Daily Telegraph of Tuesday last, writing upon the subject of the Irish difficulty, and speaking of the relations between Austria and Hungary, says, " Hungary is the Ireland of Australia ! Perhaps our friend Puneh will point out the simile . A Sydney telegram states that numerous diamonds have been found at Tambaroora. The following description of and influence of the "refreshment girl" appears in an English periodi- cal :—" The position of a bar-girl is very odd. It is neither one thing nor another. We are dressed up like ladies ; we look like ladies, but we aint. I know we're not, because the gentlemen laugh at us, and look at each other sometimes when we say things. The young swells make love to us but they would never marry us. Those that would marry us we wouldn't have. There is a good deal of love of on§ kind or another wasted upon us bar-girls. It hurts thevoung men more than it does us. We get used to flatteries—we hear them all day long ; but each young man thinks he is the party that has made the impression. We are the ruin of many young men without being able to help it. They come spooning around us, and in hanging about the bar they learn to drink. I have known a young man drink a whole bottle of brandy in nips in the course of an afternoon. He did not want the nips, and only took them to have an excuse to stand at the bar and talk with us. I have seen many young men go to the bad this way under my very eyes. I have seen them drowning in liquor, as it were, without having the power to rescue them ; for, of coursse it would never do for us to refuse them drink, unless they were much the worse and noisy. The nonsense I have listened to ! The grasps of the hand I have had ! The deep drawn sighs I have heard breathed over the pork pies and sausage rolls ! The oceans of champagne I have seen poured out on the shrine of our fascinations ! Poor young men, if they only knew what fools we think them !" 