I CHAPTER XII. THE SUHPHISE. " Airs. Ferrors, Mrs. Ferrors, I'm come to dress you," exclaimed poor little Anne for the second, time. "Dear Miss Eleanor—Mrs. Ferrors, I mean—let me inI" A tliird and fourth knocking and a third and fourth entreaty were unavailing, and poor Anne was somewhat troubled. Perhaps, said she to herself, she's gone to see old nurse, who isn't well to-day, and she doats on her, and perhaps, as all her jewel\x=req-\ lery and dress is lying about, she's put the key in her pocket while she is gone to the east gallery. So away poor Anne tripped to nurse's room. "Ah, what do ye say about ma bonnie bairn," said the old woman, who half ill and half sick at heart at her child's even temporary departure, was seated in a large armchair by the fire. " What say ye? dinna ye ken where she is gane ? Maybe she's taking a look at her old haunts, or something belonging to her mither, I'll be bound. I've been longin' to see her bonnie face afore this, but it's na like her to forget her auld nurse." Again were Anne's little feet heard pattering over the house in all directions, and then over the garden, sometimes with the name on her lips of "Mrs. Ferrors," but oftener with that of Miss Eleanor. But no Miss Eleanor or Mrs. Ferrors answered to the call; and at last she was obliged to go and find her master, and announce her fruitless search. Just as she had called Mr. Randolph, Mr. Ferrors's voice was heard saying, "The carriage is at the door waiting; where is Mrs. Ferrors'?" Where was she? Soon that cry echoed through the house, and in haste they ascended to her chamber and burst open the door. There lay her travelling dress untouched. There was the room just as they had left it before her bridal—but there she was not! The party soon scattered themselves over the castle in all directions. " She's spirited away," said one of the women in a whisper. "The castle has long been said to be haunted. But the ghosts might have left such a pretty bride alone; I'm sure she'd never be like one of them." "Well," repiied another, "she looked very much like a ghost herself at the altar, I'm thinking; but it's not for me to say anything." Ferrors, growing wild, began to utter frightful imprecations 011 long absence, and let out his true character in various ways -without intending it. Eage, not grief, was depicted on his countenance. " Wait," he said, " till I find her, and then see if her ladyship serves me these tricks any more." The four yrey liorses impatiently pawed the ground, and the postilions freely whispered to some of the other servants that they believed master's pretty Jjri<le had "hooked it." Presently it was proposed to search the well and the fishpond near; but the missing bride was neither floating at the top of the one, nor down at the bottom of the other, and no clue from either was obtained. The gentlemen had been sitting over their wine, the ladies wandering over the castle garden, the servants engaged, as we have seen, in the halL No one had been with the bride. At her own desire she retired to her own room, and that was the last any one had seen of her. Presently a few of the out-door boys and servants gathered together round the carriage as the news spread of the missing bride, and one young hopeful lad, who followed the plough, said, " What do ye call a bride? is it a thing all in white? I never saw one; but I saw something as I was ploughing flying through the park, all dressed in white, and when I told mother of it she laughed at me, and said I was a fool to fancy such things." j This account was immediately transmitted to Ferrors. With an oath he called out, " Am I thus to be fooled? Dead or alive I I will find lier and bring her back. Mount your horses, boys, and drive on to overtake her. Til give a hundred pounds to the lad who first catches sight of her. or hears of her. On, my lads, on!" And Ferrors jumped in, pale with rage and disappointment. The Gastronomic Tastes of Sove\x=req-\ reigns.—The following details as regards the gastronomic tastes of the reigning Sovereigns are published in a Paris paper. We cannot be held responsible for their literal accuracy:—Napoleoa IIL—Abstemious, cautious, never making the slightest remark to the servauts. Moderate drinker, bat great smoker. jDti rcste. the Emperor's kind and considerate manner to every member of bis household, however humble his position, is worthy of imitation. Queen Victoria —Abstemious, Puseyite,. liking beef and pastry. Alexander 1L—Hearty eater, connoisseur in wine, preferring champagne and burgundy, and fond of game. His Prussian Majesty — Good drinker (roederer, &c.;), beef, mutton, biscuits, and sweet things. A pleasant and unaffected host. His Majesty of Austria-Silent at table, eats dark meat, especially mutton and game, and dunks the wines of Hungary and Bordeaux. Victor Emmacel—Mighty hunter. Capital appeiite: eats only white meat and small game. Kills wild boar, but never ears their meat; drinks the Coted'Or wines. Isabella of Spain—Great appetite; prefers veal and white meats, drinks Spanish wines rnd Bordeaux. The Sultan—Partisan of strong meals, of rice, of paetry, of Eastern fruit, and of Burgundy. His Dutch Majesty has the finest cellar in Europe; fond of fish, and especially salmon. His neighbour of Belgium eats very little, and 1 always small game, and drinks sparingly of j Bordeaux. The ex-King of Hanover lives on the Bohemian pheasant, the woodcock of Galicia, and 1 smoked hams of Stjria, and drinks Moselle and Bbine wines. King Louis of Portugal is the fmallest eater of any Sovereigu in Europe. 