~¡ . -'-^¿^m^¡ p$t flanear tn $$ng, I observe that a certain able young barrister, whs .onghttobo a good judge,, and.whotAey do>s»y«w»jta very good ono in tho North, until he gara H UB and cima back to hia old friends, bas ' endeavoured to do gool Bsryioe to_fte;.publiaJ>y .narrating.-au- inoident that betel him on board a harbour steamor tho other day, when the oommandor ef that gallant craft, probably under the influence, as ho ventures to hint,, of " tai excessive heat of the day," threatened to give hun Ut' ohargo for uttering apurions ooin, beoauso he tendered in payment a half-crown slightly defaoed, bot with a portion of tho Mint marka on eaoh side still legible. Tho writer of the lettor alluded to points oat three er four ways in whioh the nniianoe of this defaced oom from whioh every ono more or less suffers who caa get hold of any ooin at all in theeo times, may ba removed. 1. Silvor is a legal tender to the amount ot forty shillings, provided thit the coin bs legitim;!« and of the right weight. 2, As people don't carry teales about them, like Shylock, to weigh their Baal ohange with, there shonld bs a system of mutual COB« fldenco, grounded upon the vestigoj of orestion-fat Min* oreation that io -vioible upon tho coin, 8, If these things won't do, the Grovornmont shou'doall in tho dofncod coin, provided that tho dofaoomont is supposed to havo been efidotod with fraudulent objects. Tas motivos of tho writer oE this latter, his legal opinion and the suggestions otherwise- offered, are all not oaly unobjectionable, but commendable; yet Lam afraid that they will nearly all be found impracticable, excepting tho last Here we Und that an able advocate was unable, viva voce,, to oonvinoo tho captain of a harbour steamboat; so mutual .accom- modation hoing unreliable, and the weigh, ing teat impracticable, there romains only tho recoil of "tbs old coin and the re issue.of new. It is too bad, I admit. AU, or nearly all, of, the old oopper tokens wore passed away upon.thisieolony from ' Melbourne, and it is generally admitted that 'tho smooth and apparently well-worn silver coin cornea from the same" quarter, whero lt has been clipped,'and flied, and "sweated" just aa the guineas neel lo bs ot old, when the offence wa* swinging by .tho law. Bat something ou^ht to be dons togot rid of tho noijanoe, Mr. Samuel Booms to have inserted the wedge;-Ht should give it a slight tap with the hammer. I was led to think of the indignant sbippsr softer, ing from the heat of tho weather, by a momentarily humano thought of tho sufferings - whioh moat bo undergone all this woek-r-if .'thero . ia inot n strong and permanent shift of wind ts tbs southward-by those energotio gentlemen who erenow laying their aorvioos upon tho altar 'of their ooantry by aoting as squires and mon-'dVármBto the champion!. Legislative and Aldermanio,, ,who havo hoisted their pennons, and now await tho issue' of battis. '"'ÏÏB excessive heat of the weather," quotha I Praises be to Saint. Aquarius, if .there bs'suons saint; th» late Seoretary for Lands is not a candidate for East Sydney, for ' the absorption of boor whioh must neossurily osour on that exoiting occasion would break his'noble heart, or else he might eommit euioido by the water process, as men were killed by the water torturo in days of yore, by putting a funnel into their months, and Ailing them full- and a groit deal mora, Methinks I can behold the scone on the Park of Hyde noxt Thursday, and the thirsty crowd tait shout and roar under tho burning ann : A ' ' King ' was la tho field Umt day, And brovoly girt kira for tho fray, Though all unknown to fume; But, though unus'd to hustings'tight, no prov'd himself a stalwart knight To every foo thai came. And Nealo a banner vrnv'd on high, . And loud tho conquering battloory, , Mlx'd with Ula trompóte' wand s 1 And gallant friends (bom every aldo From every point did run and ride, To whero the vetortui'a Hag of ptido Soem'd with Its flaunting to deride Tko foemon surging round. Tho ahouta that for a spaos had fall'd Mow, trebly thundering, flll'd the gala. And " CowrKB*'waaUia ory I A light on Parkoa'B visage foll, And flred hie glaring eye I With plunk that eUU defied a boat \- Ile acom'd to quit lils desp'rato post Or meanly yield his luoklose " Ghost" To scoffing victory. " Ooma ono, como»ll,"ko,BorenmlnrjariodfJi " I lett theo, Cowpor, thou'rt dotted Ï " What, Martin, flo t ooma to my alda ; . " Why to NowoRstie fl« r " Ohargo, Betsy ohargo I Oa, WIInon, on Then sank tho (iront Hyperion I Now, I daro say,you, or somebody OIBO, will say that I used tho'ólassio Hyperion's name because it happened to rhy mo-or something near it Nota bit of it, my diarSir. ' The deaignation ii olassioally and histor!.' cally oortoot. Hyperion waa not only on« of ¿tts Ti'.anidro, but tho grandest and most beautiful of >U the Titans; and he and the rest of his lot, headed by Kronoa (you know who ho ia), rebelhd against sad. deposed their father (you know who ax kvloo), and released their brothers, the Oyolops, from Tetras vulgarly known by a nama whioh the poqt ,enjojnfl us novtr |to mention' to " eara polite.'' But Broaoi, having beon made king, kloked' the Oyolops. book again into the lower regions, and his son (a olassioar Action, msai.ing himself when he had ; recovered hh sena ii nnd his 6olf-rcspeot> ' began a 'terrible- war with tho Titanidro,. whioh; ended ia"".'.Inf com- plete . triumph-tho Titapa being overthrown, and hurled down into a dungeon I don't know i how many miles below the lowest deptti of, Tartarus, and surrounded.by, a braïen.walL .-¡Ton , ses that the opialpgy.is, partly historio»!'and partly prophe'tio ; hut the idon tlty is indubitable, even to ti» blazon isnrroundings of tho lastViaoe of rofuge. . . By-tho-byo, I see that Mr, Parkes, ia hV address to th« electors of Kiama, shirking ali minor and inaig* niflóant anbjeetf,itn*kee. awfal.auií;inryiJorioM tJW*ta. to . tho; tendenoy of events In England and elsewhere . being likely io bring'about suoh'àïtàté of affahijüt "tho bueinosa of tha Auatralton, .Parliaments will nooossajily ba mora and mote of a national oharaoter. « Our 'relations with-England,"; ; adda the, ^olemn patriot, " will more intimately engage'tho oanélderaUon of colonial oolonlsts ': and ho.grsvsly, but somewhat nnaocolsarily, adds : " At thia junoturo in our MtotJ, tho sixth Parliament-bf New South Wales will bs oaUod together." Well, aa they, say. in ¡ the basñrr .< there's pravsl in that, if, lt was sifted I" .Wtaft *. up to ? i This kind - of muttorod " Maraeluatae' »na totto. voce "Moarrir peur Ja patrio," sonnas a gi»! deal mota like tho H. P. (Hy Potion, you know) of aomo thirteen or.fourteen year« ago, than the great Oónservátivo oflaterdays. However, it. explains to me th» rpootít lar^ntetion flif tho Dake of ^nabsèter, who drolaredjthátjthft pnïy: fault,of Ja»'Hw*,'** fjords was..", thojt.it contained «oroprcMntaÙveitolosr bólonios oraobg its members," -The Dake has had » runout tore', jôu'knoV, pàHiy'.iliôosîjj tyi'JXjji',a$. .doubt, bad frequoptjnUryiewa ^^j^^i^imiai. gotenod i tatesmau.-wbo wat .^haiiiîaou^ ptM ; by the British, Peerage daring his immigrißoa ^ tour in "nglanu'/ft'wáá'proo'abiy' fnough'l,,1^. ti'í .? offer of a Marqulsata..or-.a Dukedonv-BiiBnt-'oaavart him from bid foll design of proolalming" hfmielf , President of tho Australian itoputjiia,. and J»t,tooh,hlm. to' tho spbie'iy of'flt! 'Jameà'è Oastlo. put tiiey little know tho stern simplicity of tho stuff they hadrt^.dça\\.with-a 'man who 'despises, gpw.gawaand gold /tcaannd 'om'ui.àtei.7tno. .ola',Jw«tt". disinterestedness nail .virtue. . Catch .nwt making oom tier jî himbolf í \'"Vo-£ ar!'" us tha^^rntralia», . yaun who i:re,ridit)g 'ïoVtmUainoe.; bíhtó tho ómnN biitoi iro(fond of saying, , , A husiiicion of thisjiinj, loy.^uld,fully aqcounti for tho arriva^"Jot t\>pt equally, iuj»l'eriou» '{flying .Squadron"";'in whioh" I oonfess that at.flrst I had ao ? : failli \ hoi oven' latterly hs ' a nubatontlallty i 'for .aft«, , I hoard ai tho soven ehtpu being icon «ff th« Ot Way', thon snddonly dii'apponring had bsing Boen no mora, I thought of what hal bcon fr.quoaily told rae by a very respect \U'o vot'erao, an old boatswain's mato of my ; fatha'ii, win bad of tim soon tho Flying Datohman andi O.iptaln Kidd's In-rt plmte vcssol, und ha» assured mO| ^^¡¡^rifoJ^T^^^ÉÉmmi^btiii. tho ghosts of enif! nuking their appearance at flea, Tho number-seven too, ha( something magical and supernatural,about It I ant told that our friends nfc New Cale- donia bave been somewhat putilidj' by , the rtporta of tho despatch and progross of thaM vessels, which they Boom to regard as an alarming ixpsriinent in military re.-ostntion, and accordingly it is said ,that observera , are on duty at Port de Franco night and day< awooplog the olouds with their toles ocpos, for the appearance of "L'Fsoadron de L'air." Iiis may also acoount for the notioe issued ,by our own Astronomer Royal, iwho states that ho is in want of amateurs to assist' him in keeping up a tolpsoopio witch-probably afraid that," L'Eioadron de L'air*' ought pata overhead unobserved, as most pf tho meteors do, Hows vor, spooulation on those points is now set jtroatby.tho arrival of ,tbjj Admiral and his squadron ¡a Hobscn's Bay, and I export we shall soon have lion here. . . ? ; I have hearda great deal during the pastweokabou inequality of: sentences at our Criminal Courts, andi igree vyjlimaoh of it. There wasmuoh truth, though a great deal of inaolonce, in the romark of tho follow in Ur. dook last WoJnoaday; and certainly some of tho isntonoas-havacaueed-Burprlse. : Bat there ara many lewonsafor being oh'aty of any remarks on the subjoot. lathe flrst.place, the.Court is still sitting.and nothing ujgbt'to ber "said likely to aggravate sontenoos yot to (gae. Next, if too muoh-moroy, is. a weakness, it is at lui! p-of.irablo to thn;opposito>extreme; of whioh this 8'jatry h.n soon- a great deal. And . finally, the law itself is defeotive, which' leaves far too muoh dis dition-a painful ani' embarrassing discretion it unit sometimes be-in tho hands of Judges, In como , altbeTTnitod States-moat, I think-eaoh offenco hus ' idpanishment so apportioned! that the jnry virtually imposes tho sentence. i'i:In> the Courts-hore it hil long beeathspraotise to visit offences against property .far BOT severely than crimea against the person-abad rxitern undoobtsdly ;, but how can it boc ^ppod, oeepting by Act of Parliament ? 