LECTURE ON ABYSSINIA. Qn Friday evening, October 29, tbe Bev. Dr. j Tucker, agent "for the British and Foreign' Bible Society,, delivered a lecture at "White's: Boomsi on " The English Captives' and War in! Abyssinia." There was a very good attendance,' and Mr. Alexander Hay, M.'P., presided. The Chairman, in a few prefatory remarks, intro-j duced the .Bev. Dr». Tucker, who commenced; his lecture-by referring to the.-l\ttle that was; known of Abyssinia, tUl about a; century ago,; ;when" James Bruce, an enterprising traveller, i published a book, entitled " l ravels in Search; of the Source pf the-Nile;" which-had passed; through more editibhs" thin any other book of I modem travel... Previous to the publishing of; this . work,"perhaps ho country was so little; known or fabulously described, but at the; present time there was no lack of infor mation within easy access, for the press! has piued more;than 200 works relating to > Abyssinia. One of the_most interesting and P°Pulat v'of i the^s^wasj a~i jolfime(piiblished J?3L~the .JUu3traie$.J&'ndon _iV*eios,...Company, "in "which the ntucxativejhad "been derived from authentic ? sdurcesjand; the pictorial represen tations from sketches - of artists" who accom panied the English ^army.- He had not- been in Abyssinia, but he was personally acquainted with two of the captives, and had consequently made himself acquainted with theircaptivity and release, and he simply' proposed to give ttfem the result of various readings on the sub ject, andHo^^EES'iihdMtoleabr?. light' lap pqs£ aible the conduct of the Consuls .and MlS;. Bionaries. He then drewthbattentionqf-the_ audience to a picture representing the J"Rev; Mr. Sterne, the" Kev. Mr. and Mrs. Kosenthal, Missionaries of the Church of England; Consuls, Cameron and Eassam; Dr. H. Blane ;_Pietro,^ an Italian; Lieutenant Dridieu, and Kearns, an Irishman, who- had been Erivate-Secretary to Captain- Speedy.J"The story of their'cap-' tivity Ead heen fully described by the press, butf the-origin , of the war was not generally known, and it. might be worth-while to review some" of the events, so that they might ascertain the cause of thriff barbarous cap-. tivity, and the wondrous military, campaign. which led to their release. The first question they would probably ask would he where is Abyssinia?. . He explained by,the means of,a large outline map the boundaries of the country,1 Observingithat' Abyssinia, proper yas^a vast; table-land, about 400 miles long, with a breadtfi of 200 miles, and with an estimated population, of nearly 4,000,000' persons. "Whilst speaking of the geographical position of the country, he: referred to the ignorance some individuals were content to live in, and the ;ridiculous mis-, takes they consequently made, . mentioning that two years ago the naval omcialsuf tne British.' Government' ordered 'H.M.S. ■ Octavia into the Bed Sea to visit Massowah, and, if necessary, Gondar also—the latter being the principal city, situated about 250 miles inland, and surrounded by mountainous ranges. {Laughter.) Their next question'-would* no' doubt be—who are the Abyssinians? and in answer to this he would tell them that the ..name of the country was. derived from " Habesh," an Arabic word, denoting a inixed people. The population, ^ however, was composed chiefly of the Caucasian race. The principal language spoken was" the Gheez or Ethiopic,. which . was, mixed with .Hebrew and 'Arabic words,' 'but this was now-a dead, tongue, the language used was derived from it, of whiclf "there were four dialects—the Amnarie, •Tigree, Shoa, and Tejoos, which were so closely connected that a person understanding any one of them might make himself understood throughout the country. There were two sepa rate principalities peopled by two different iiationsj termed respectively the Amhara and tigrerand-although .subject to one Govern ment, and professing the same religion, yet 'they had' been always. hostile towards each •other, i Sometimes;!the principal chief was (the ruler of Tig're, and" at other times the ruler of Amhara. HeynbxtdaUqde^to the Faleshas, la settlement of - skilled .Jews, occupying the (highest point of thuSamienMountains, who came ieither from„ Palestine,.after, the destruction of Jerusalem)_Qr"'fro^i^^abia'soine.time after the Mahommedan...' conquest'; .of IV"estern Asia. Bishop Gobat visited them in 1832, and from his journal it appeared that-they never took the least interest in the' idea£ of the Messiah,: and when the subject was explained to them they coolly answered that tbey expected Him in the I character of .a, great conqueror who would- soon appear, and whom also the Christians expected. The lecturer alluded to their 'hatred of Christ, their language, the' fact of their never allowing a Christian to enter their houses, and the re pugnance, from superstitious;.ideas, ;Oc the latter from'doing so; the precautions they took in order to prevent contajnination in their inter course with Christians, and to their inoffensive habits and care of their 'own poor. He re marked that the.Faleshas were the only artifi cers in the country, some being engaged as car enters and smiths, and others supplying; "what little pottery was used.' - Having spoken of what the country once was, the interesting rums still to be- found-in,some parts of^iti.and the pecu liar of'tie people; #!? lecturer passed on td'the'n'extiquestion—the religion of the in habitants. It appeared clear, he sard, that the-Christian Church in Abyssinia was founded inihe time, of" Constantino, A.D. 330, when Athanasius ?was the Patriarch of Alexandria, mid Frumentius was consecrated Bishop of Ethiopia. It was equally, clear that neither the Portugese military.'"adventurers,' who visited the country iu the 15th or 16th century, nor the Jesuits' of; "later date, could in duce tie "Ahyssiniafis to acknowledge the supremacy-of.the Pope of Borne. They had. always 'received' their." Bishop from the Pa triarch of Alexandria, V and it iwas generally understood that .they .belonged, to that. See. With the .Christian religion the Abyssinians received the Holy Scriptures, which they now possessed in the Ambaric and Ethiopic versions, mader according,.]to;.:Ludolf, from the Greek Septnagint. The 'Liturgy in use was similar to that "of'the Greek Churchy but with a re markable admixture of Judaism. Becently portions of the Old and Hew Testaments in the Ethiopic. Amhario, Tigre, and Ga 11a dialects had been issued by tbe 'Biitisli and Eoreign Bible Society to the number of 43,000. copies. The lecturer then Rapidly s^etphed thuoareer of King'Theodorel his "disputes with-the British, and his imprisonment of the English, and other captives, stating that he believed the Bangs barbarous and cruel conduct was caused by the ill advice, of .some of his counsellors, who wil--. fully misrepresented the conduct of'the English* Consuls and: missionaries; his habits, of.intern-, perance; hut more especially by the neglect, with which the following letter was treated £r; " November 1st, • 1862.—-In the name' of the; Father, of the Son, and of the Holy: Ghost—. one God in Trinity, chosen of God, King of Kings, Theodorons ot Ethiopia, to,Her Majesty Victoria, i Queen of England.—T hope .your, Majesty is iu good health, *By the power of* God I am welL My fathers; the emperors, having forgotten our Creator, He lufhded over the kingdom to the JJ'allas -and' .Turks. <-.;; But. God created me—hfted mie out of the dust, and restored'this empire To my-'rule.: He endowed me "with power,'and enabled me to stand in the place-offmyl fathers"^Byi 'His(powerJ,.drove away the Gallas.. -But. for the rTurks, I .have told them'to leave the-land" offiny ancestors. They refuse. I am now going to wrestle wrth them. Mr. Plowden, .inHJaiy late ■ Grand , Ghamberlainji the.- • • Englishman-; Beibct.nsed^ to tell;- me that there is a great Christian Queen, who love3 all Christians. When they told me this, ' we are ableto~m"ake you known "to her, and to establish friendship between you,-' then in those times I was_ very glad. I have given them my love, thinking that X bad found your Majesty's goodwill. All^men are, subject to death, and my enemies, thinking to injure me, killed these my'friends ; but by the power of God I have exterminatedThose ene mies, not leaving one alive, though They were of my own family, that I may get by the power of God your friendship. I was prevented by the Turks occupying the sea coastfrom sending yon an embassy when I was in difficulty. Con sul' Cameron airived'with a letter and presents of friendship by the power of God.- I was very glad hearing of, your welfare, and being assured of your amity; - I have received your presents, and thank you mUch. ;I -fear if I ,send am bassadors with presents of amity by; Consul Cameron they may be arrested by the Turks,■ and now Iwish that you. may arrange .for the I safe passage of my>amhassadors everywhere on;i I the roads.'* I wish to have answer to this'l i letter, by-Consul Cameron, and that be may' j conduct my embassy to.England. See how the Islam oppress; the Christians!" This letter lay in the Foreign Office, and,was unanswered, and,;, the King held his captives for four yearn, treat inguhem with "great barbarity.' In April, 1867, Lard Stanley, in ' a brief letter,; made a demand for the liberation'of the captives, but this"" not being complied with, troops from Britain were conveyed into the country,.'and having traversed the desert regions and scaled j the mountainous'passes, they advanced upon. Magdala, the stronghold of the tyrant, and in one short, sharp, and decisive battle they anni-' hilated his power and released the captives. Eighty State prisoners were also released, and no doubt they were manifestly impressed with | the power of England. In conclusion, he oh- j served., that -what might be. the . future .of Abyssinia/it was "diffiouli .to conjecture,: 'but jit -was hoped that intercourse .with the English, mid .the distributionTof portions of the Holy Scriptures, would have beneficial results.: ;The lecture, which-was extremely interestibg, was given in an easy manner, and occupied about an hour and a quarter in delivery. At the close the Rev. Dr. Tucker was re warded with hearty applause. The Rev. Canon Fabb moved a vote of thanks t.o^the. lecturer- n.This. was seconded by the -JRWv.^ASi who coupleiwith h'is-remarks -&-vote--of~thanks to the Chairman, and each motion5 having^ been carried unanimously, and responded to, the proceedings terminated. I We had almost forgotten to mention that the lecturer exhibited eight beautiful large water color drawings illustrative* of the scenery of Abyssinia. * - ' 