MINING. By the Sasonia, from Rockhampton, we have received one day's later news. The Argus gives the subjoined items : — Mobinish. — Messrs. Page and O'Rourke, in conjunction with Mr. Pattison and others, have opened a new claim udou the Welcome. I which looks very promising. The value of this reef has been proved by its rich returns, and Mr. C. Hunter has refused £450 for his interest in the claim commonly known as Wilson's Block Claim, which in the trial crush ing yielded at the rate of 3oz. 2dwt. to the ton. The proprietors of this valuable claim are now sinking a perpendicular shaft, to com municate with the present one, and which it is expected will have to reach a depth of 120 feet ; they have also let a contract for raising quartz, and crushing will commence before the month is over. ; Rosewood Coppeb Mine. — Information ! has come to hand from Rosewood that the Copper Mine is progressing favorably, and that the yield from the smelting is turning out quite as good as Mr. Fisher expected. The dray is now on the road with the first-fruits of the mine, and may be hourly expected in Rockhampton Gilbebt. — Mr. Orr; junr., who has just re turned from the Gilbert, states that the popu lation was fast decreasing, although there was a large number of men on the ground, all of them obtaining a living, but not more ; they were all anxiously awaiting rain, when they expected their finds would be more frequent and valuable. Rich copper has been found at Raglan, and also not a hundred miles from Bonnie Doon. Specimens from both districts have been al- ! ready brought into town. The Alliance Company has struck water by deepening the well between the machine and the reef. Already a considerable body of water has been pumped into the dam, and now the j stampers are at work again. By sinking some nine or ten feet further it is believed that a permanent supply of water will be obtained. Another mineral discovery of value .is re ported by the Burnett Argus, which states : — ' We have already, as established facts, three copper mines, beside a silver mine at Yarrol ; at Mount Perry we have one of the largest and — we think — richest copper mines in the world, ani. from Ban Ban good specimens, giving in dication of rich copper lodes, have this week been brought into town for inspection ; and day after day we hear of fresh discoveries. We quote a few paragraphs from yester day's Gympie Times : — We understand that the Central machine has been 6old for the sum of £1500. The nnerfttinnn af the Pvrifp.a flnnr-p.nfrat. ing Company have attracted some attention during the last few days. As the projectors — Messrs. Reeves and party— have hardly got their gear in complete working order, we are not in a position to say much regarding the undertaking. The water containing the tail ings as it comes from the machines is the motive power by which the apparatus is to be worked. Judging from what we saw yes terday, if there be any gold left in the tail ings, it won't have the ghost of a chance of escaping. Messrs Beeves and party certainly deserve credit for their enterprise and in genuity. The following crushings have been sent in -. — United. — 12 tons from No. 3 north, Vic toria, gave a yield of 7 oz. 12 dwt. A parcel from No. 1 north, Oro, gave a very poor re turn. 76 tons from No. 1 south, Caledonia, yielded 92 ounces. 20 tons from No. 1 south, Perseverance, were going through the mill. Enterprise. — 25 tons from the Hope pros pect claim yielded 11 ounces. 20 tons from the Smithfield prospect claim yielded 15 oz. 40 tons from No. 1, Glanmire, were going through, and a parcel of stone from No. 8 Lady Mary, will be finished to-day. The latter looks well. On Friday. July 9, a young man, named Woodwards, was to have been married at St. Cotumb, Cornwall, t® a Miss Trabilcock. Tbe young lady and her friends, however,- waited in vain for the attendance of -Woodwards, and it soon become evident that there conld be no marriage, as the faithless young man bad not only left the town, but the country. Tho friends invited to the feast made the best of ? bid job by having a day's excursion. On the day appointed for ttae wedding Wood wards was en route for Americe. 