9DÍTe Courier. Published daily. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1869. The necessity foi a Health of Tow ns Act, Public Health Act, 01 something of the kind, foi Bnsbane and the laige towns of the Colony, has often been m gee! upon the attention of the public, and foi so\eial j ears m succession bills on the subject w ere mtioduced into Pailiauient, but alw aj s fell through Sometimes such a bill lencheda second leading in the Assemblj, sometimes it was swept iwaj at the " massacie of the innocents ' w Inch tikes place at the end of e\ei\ session, without hauug e\en attained so advanced a stage of niatuutj, aud some times it " hpsed"-died a natuial death befoie the end of the session Dunng the last two jeais the time of the populai branch of the Legislatuie has been too much occupied m uieiely paity stiug gles foi place and powei to allow the membeis to de\oto much attention to pub he business of anj Lind except such as could not bj anj possibility be postponed The Estimates foi 1S67 woie lushed tlnough the House at the commencement of last jeai, and might as well ha\o been passed in a lump sum as in detail, except for the keeping up of appeaiances, as they did not come on foi actual discussion until the fog-end of a long and drearj session, m which uothmg but land legislation was talked of 01 îe cei\ed seuous consideration When the Land Bill was fanly passed, lion membeis weie too anxious to get back to then own homes, and attend to then pa \ate afluns, to be willing to piotract the session still longei bj debates on Estimates 01 anj thing else This jeai the public business is still ftuthei manear 'lhere aie the Estimates for 1S08 and those for 18G9 to bo passed, several impoitant measuies to bo consideied, and the House is ni gieatci doubt tlnn e\ei as to what set of men should be allow ed to hold oflice while this woilt is being done lu fact the public at laige begin to lme seuous misgi\ mgs as to w hethei w e shall c\ ei again have a Parliament c ipablc of doing any business worthy of the nime Parties aie so c\enlj bahnced that the only thing our legislator seem competent to do is to pie \ ent anj thing being done Undei theso encumstances theie is \eij little hopo that an\thing so pinch piulan tlnopic and utilitainn as a J'ubhc Health Hill will bo so much ns mtioduced, much less passed-no mitti i how uigent inaj bo the necessity foi such a meastue If the majoiitj of our legislators have not public spnit euoughtodotlieoidnnij loutinowoik thej woro sent to Parliament to peifoini, theie is litllo chance of then stepping out of then w ij to legislate on such a subject as this \et then, is no dcujing the ah soluto necessity foi something of tho kind being done A strong pi oof of this is afloided bj the discussion which took place in the Municipal Council on Monday last, with lefoionce to the making of some piOMSion foi caujing oil tho stonn wator which accumulates in tho ditch betweon Quoon and Adelaide streets Twice dtiung a week ba\ethe shopkeepers on the western side of Queen-street, be- tween Albert and Edward streets, been flooded out, and serious loss inflicted upon them by the overflow of this ditch during a storm, and yet it appears that nobody can help it. The ditch is on pri- vate property, and therefore no one can interfere with it except by committing a trespass. Nay, what is more, the overflow ia said to be caused by the obstructions which have been placed iu or over the channel by the owners of the property through which it runs, and nobody has tho right to interfere with, much less remove these obstructions, except the persons who had thom placed there. Truly we are bringing government, both national and municipal, to a high state of perfection in Queensland. In our towns, a dirty or careless citizen can with impunity half poison any number of his neighbors by nuisances so long as they exist on his own premises ; a malicious man can, if he chooses, drown out half the shopkeepers in a street by obstructing a watercourse, and a penurious or crotchetty landlord may place his neighbor's property in con- stant and imminent risk of being destroyed by fire by erecting highly inflammable buildings close beside it, and there is no law to prevent this from being done. To be sure, in the latter case, the Corporation did get certain sections of the city pro- claimed first class, so that no wooden buildings or shingle roofs should be erected in these sections, but the proclamation was so worded that there is still some doubts as to which sections aro under the Act, and which are not, and on Monday last we had one Alderman standiug up for his right to erect a wooden building in a section which is almost surrounded by some of the most valuable buildings in the city the maj'ority of the public offices being in- cluded in the number. It is only in Aus- tralia, where the theory that " every man has a right to do what he likes with his own'1 is carried to the extent of allowing a man to injure or endanger the property of his neighbor. The Health of Towns Act, passed in England more than a quar- ter of a century ago, entirely exploded this theory with respect to the erection of buildings within municipalities. In every town in the old country where a local Board of Health has been established a property owner is not allowed to erect any buildings except they are in conformity with the regulations laid down, while there is no difficulty whatever about entering upon private property at all reasonable times, either for the purpose of carrying out a local work, such as drainage, or the removal of a nuisance at the cost of the owner of the premises if he refused to have it removed himself in a reasonable time after notice had been given. Our present Towns Police and Munici- palities Acts do not give the same powers, and a Public Ilealth Act is therefore required for the purpose It is preposterous to assert that because certain owners of property prefer to ob- struct a water-course which runs through their ground, that they have any right to do so, especially when such obstructions endanger the property of their neighbors, as is the case in Queen-street. Somebody ought to have the power to enter upon and raïiuio-suai uustructions without being liable to an action for trespass. Neither is it at all right, as has been asserted, that the persons who suffer from such a cause ought to bo at the expense of remedying the evil. It is difficult to see what municipal rates aro paid for if the ratepaj'ers are to carry out such im- provements at their own expense. The argument that because the residents in one ward would not bo benefitted by work done in another ward, that therefore tho cost of such work should not bo paid out of the general rate is about as absurd as it is pos- sible to imagino an argument to be. According to that rule no street ought to bo made or mended, and no culvert or water table constructed in any part of the municipality, except at the expenso of the person whose property happens to be nearest it. It is quite time all such nonsense as this was at an end, and if tho Municipal Council aro really powerless or indisposed to protect the interests of the citizens in such important matters as those referred to, we should bo much better without any Municipal Council at all. Tin: adjourned special genora! meeting of No. 1 Compati; B.V. Riflos will bo hold this evening nt tho drill room, Gcorgo-strcot. Businois of great importauco to tho corpa has to bo transact ed. Sónooij duties.wero commenced at the Bris banëGrammar School yesterday, and out of the eighty-eight boys on tho roll of scholars, seventy wore in attendance. Fifteon boys havo already been entered as boarders. A rathor absurd typographical error appeared in tho report of Mr. narlin'8 address, on tho occasion of tho opening of tho school on Monday. Roferriug to Queensland as a field for geological rcsoarch, Mr. Harlin said :-" I am most anxious that some of the pupils of this school should havo tho opportunity of preparing thomsolvos for tho work of investigating and of dovoloping tho natural resources of tho colony." In yester- day's issuo of tho Courier Mr. Harlin is mado to say that ho was not anxious for anything of tho kind, which, though obviously enough a misprint, it may bo as woll to correct. The usual monthly meeting of the City Volunteer Fire Brigade was hold in tho Chamber of Commerco, Town Hall, last evening. Cap- tain Ycrney, superintendent, presided ; twenty two mombors wero present. Throe now mem- bers wero elected, and thrco candidates were proposed. It wob agreed that tho monthly meetings should iu futuro bo hold on tho second Thursday in each month, instead of tho first Tuesday as horotoforo. A motion was also agreed to restricting the numbor of the brigade to eighty members. Tho superintendent stated that Messrs. Stowart and Hemmant had givon a quantity of serge for tho uniforms. A vote of thuuks to the donors was unanimously passed. Tho superintendent read a statoment of accounts, from which it appeared that, after satisfying all claims ou tho old brigade, thoro is a balance in hand of £49 19s. Id., besides sevoral sums yet to bo collected. Tho mooting then adjourned until the second Thursday in March next. We woro informed yesterday that a requisi- tion was in courso of signature to Mr. Georgo Harris, of tho firm of J. and G. Harris, asking lum to stand for tho city. The Legislativo Council adjourned on*Wed nesday liiBt till this day. Tho sitting, it is thought, will be a formal ono morely, though wo seo no reason why it should be so. If tho " Lords" nre disposed for an afternoon's amuse- ment thore is a capital opportunity of pitching into Mr. DouglaB, and making him commit him- self concerning lato Cabinot convulsions. An inquiry was held yesterday, boforo tho Im- migration Board, into a number of charges brought by Mr.'Bowkor, n saloon passongorby the Ramsey, against Dr. Lavin,' the surgeon suporintondont. Tho principal charges wero that the doctor neglected to post the regulations of tho ship in the saloon ; th it ho allowed a passenger named Baird to make use of obsceno and foul language in tho presenco of ladies and in his own presence without checking him ; that ho permitted gambling ; that ho fired at birds on Sundays, although requested not to do so by the passongors ; that ho was drunk . on December 12 ; and that ho had not supplied tho complainant's wifo with beor and other medical comforts when her health required thom. Tho evidonco as to tho second chargo (permitting «wearing) was to tho cJicot that Baird had usod tho words "d-n" and " h-11," and had told his wifo "to go to h-11," aud that ho (Baird) had sworn to Bowker and to Captain Weeks. The gambling spokon of was unlimited loo, and tho doctor had takon part in tho game. Captain Weeks doposcd that tho doctor was drunk on December 12, aud thou whilo intoxicated had abused him (witnoss) ; H,a ""~ui:_" ..-» ......iv» - _isui, uni» night, and tho doctor was nlways present; had spokon to tho doctor about it. Messrs. Bowkor and M'Taggnrt statod that tho doctor had fired at tho birds on Sundays, [although roquosted to desist. Tho lattor also said ho had seen tho doctor drunk on Doccmbor 12. Wil- liam Butcher also saw tho doctor drunk on that day. Tho board said thoy would not considor tho question of posting tho rules in the saloon. As ovidonco for tho dofonco, tho doctor called Mr. Algornon St. Logor Herbert, a saloon pas- senger, who statod ho had never scon tho doctor drunk, or had heard bad language used in his prosenco ; had scon him playing cards for small sums ; ho thought tho Ramsey Gazette, a papor published on board, tho causo of most of tho ill-feeling among tho passongors. Mr. Hodgson had nover hourd bad lungungo used by the doctor ; had played ono night at unlimitod loo, but tho doctor had interfered and put a stop to it ; had nover seen tho doctor drunk. Mr. J. Tomlin gave ovidonco to tho samo oflbot as to the chargo of druukennoss. Mr. Baird admitt ed that ho lind used bad lan- guage on ono ocoasion ; tho doctor was not present ; aud uftorwards ho apologised. AU tho witnesses examined for tho dofonco woro of opinion that tho dootor had dono all bo could to promoto harmony and good fooling on board. Dr. Lavin mado a general denial of tho charges brought against him. The depositions will be forwarded to tho .Colonial Soorotary for his dooision. A meeting of tho Victoria and Golden Cunio Miuing Company (limited) was hold at tho Sovoreign Hotol, yestorday, Mr. W. H. Walsh in tho chair. A resolution was brought for- ward that no moro calls should bo mado for tho prcsont ; it being understood that if it should be nccossary to raako furthor calls, up to the amount of the aliaros, a mouth's notice was to bo givon by tho diroetors. Aftor Boino dis- cussion tho resolution was carried. The froquont intorcourso lately enjoyed by our " devil" with mombors of tho Legislative Assombly, and the porpotual practico ho has had in " setting up" and " corroding" " lion, gontlc men," is tho only explanation ho has to oller of making us stylo Drs. Tufnoll and Quinn, in our loador of yestorday, " right hon.," instead of right rovorend gentlomon. Tho imp is not moro irrovoront than tho gonoral run of " dovils," and hi« explanation must, wo aupposo, bo accepted. The Lunatic Asylum report to January 30, is as follows :-In tho house at last report, 131 males, 53 females; discharged, 1 male and 4 female patients ; died, 1 female pationt ; re- maining, 133 males and 63 female patients. Total, 180. In consoquonco of tho crowdod stato of Rock- hampton Gaol, and tho foars entertained of a fever breaking out there, in this hot weather unless tho number of tho inmates was reduced, twonty convicts woro sent down from thoro to Brisbano Gaol by tho last trip of the Leich- hardt. Fourtoon of thoso aro South Soa Islandors, who aro being punished for absconding from thoir hirod sorvioo at Bowou. Their torm of sentence has about ono month to ruu. The attention of wholosalo houses, grooors, gonoral storokoopors, heads of families, and gonoral provision and grocery dealers is eallod to tho oxtonsivo auction salo to bo hold this duy, at Mr. Brodziak and Co.'s storo, Edward- stroo't, by Mr. Arthur Martin, at 11 o'clock.-[Anvr.] I A COBBESrONDENT writing from Kilkivan on January 25, says :-"A party of blacks attacked Kilkivan station on Saturday last. The ring loador was captured and lodged in tho look-up, from which ho escaped, and renowod tho attack on tho station, by breaking in tho windows. Mr. M'Taggart, the owner of the station, firod at him, but ho managed to effect his escapo into scrub. The polico are after him, but up to this timo havo not ro-capturcd him.-A young mau named Frank Phillips, from Brisbano, wont out in tho bush on Saturday last, in a southerly direction. Ho took a wash-dish with him and ho said ho meant to look for a roof ho had beon told of. Ho has not returned to tho diggings, and it is feared ho lins lost himsolf. He had no coat on when ho started, only a pair of trousers, a shirt, and straw hat." A coiîBEsroNDENT writes to us complaining of being served by tho Municipal rate-collector with " u warrant " for taxes paid to that indi- vidual four weeks provious, and for which tho payer fortunately held tho collector's receipt. Our correspondent pertinently inquires whothor tho collector lovies on his own account ; what i supervision is exercised over his proceedings, and who examines his receipt-book. Ho also suggests that had ho not beon so fortunato as to keep tho receipt he might havo been distrained, and obliged to pay the rates over again, which I does not seem at all unlikely. Our correspon- dent makes othor statements concerning tho collector which wo do not care to publish Surely it is time tho Council took somo steps to put an ond to such unnecessary annoyance as this, of which tho ratepayers have complained till they aro tired of doing so. One of tho intending passongers by tho Omar Pasha, named Roderick M'Cloud, was arrested on Saturday on board that vessel just previous to her doparturo, on a writ of ca. re., by Messrs Galway and Andrews, bailiffs of the Supremo Court. M'Cloud was a storekeeper at Too- woomba, and the writ wa9 issued at tho instanco of Mr. W. H. Groom, M.L.A., who holds a pro- missory note of the prisoner for £100. TnE performance at the Victoria Thcatro last ovening was very poorly attended. Tho pro- gramme consisted, as on the previous night, of " Tho Wondorful Woman," and " Tho Rough Diamond." This ovening Messrs. Fawcett, and Scarlo tako a benefit, on which occasion " Meg's Diversion" will form tho principal attraction. A JiEETiKG WB3 held in Mr. Thompson's office, on Saturday evening, for tho purpose of forming a boat club in Ipswich. Tho Mayor presided, and there wero about 20 persons present. The names of about 30 rosidents of tho town, who had promised to join, woro read over, and it was unanimously deoidod to form tho club. A committeo was appointed to draw up a codo of rules, collect subscriptions, a>id make inquiries respecting the price, &c;, of boats ; and Mr. H. Woodd was elected hono- rary trea9iiror and soorotory. Tho meeting was adjourned until tho 1st March, when the com- mitteo will present a report.-Queensland Times, Fobruary 2. FitOM a visitor to tho Cawarral Company's claim wo (Bulletin, January 30), loam that there aro nearly 700 tons of stone at grass ; tho maohino is at work on tho company's stono, and the washing up a porcol will take placo to-day, and tho roturn bo known on Monday ; tho low- est estimate placed on the yield is 1 oz. to tho ton. Tho reef is about fivo foot iu thickness, and has a very promising appouruueo; tho shares of tho company aro increasing in valuo. A nugget, weighing 11 ozs. 10 dwts. net, lias boen picked up at Cawarral ; tho finder doos not dosiro to .make tho oxaot spot knowu, as he lina already picked un j» .'>« «""u placo two valuablo pieces ot gold. Ono nugget, over 5 ozs. ho sold at Cawarral township somo days ago, and tho 11 ozs. 10 dwts. was disposed of to Mr. R. L. Dibdin. The gross weight was 12 ozs. 15 dwts. G grs., but on boiug broken up and cloauod its not woight as stated was ascer- tained. Wo hoar that it was picked up amongst some onBtaway dirt and quartz at tho workings at Cawarral, but cannot vouch for tho accuracy of the statement. As an instance of tho extraordinary si/o of tho hailstones whioh fell during tho storm of Thursday week past, wo (Warwich Examiner) may mention that a carrier named Hutton, who was coming into town with his team, had ono of his horses struck in tho forehead with a hailstono, which fcllod him to tho ground as if struck by a bullet. His owner was compelled to leave him lying insonsiblo whilo ho got the romaindor of his team safo to town. On tho following day tho horso was hunted up by Hutton, when it was found that tho skull was broken, and ho died on tho third day nftor. This is the only instanco wo overheard of where hailstones foil of sudiciont woight to break a horse's skull. Fortunately the stones did not fall very thickly, or nothing could havo stood beforo thom. Tho full weight of tho storm was felt wost and south of tho town, and much dainngo was dono by it. Many farmors havo had their corn and othor growiug crops com- pletely ruined, and at Lyndhurst three acres ol grapos wero almost destroyed. Incrodiblo as it may seem, iro havo beon assured by mauy who reside in tho directions mentioned, that tho huilstoucs fell tho sizo of ordinary pineapples, somo of thom measuring from nine to devon inches in circumference. THE Bourke correspondent of the Dubbo Dis- patch writes on the 13th ultimo:- "Intelli- gence reached here on Sunday night by the Wil- cannia mail that the down mail between Men- indie and Wentworth had been stuck up, and some £800, principally belonging to Messrs. Alexander Ross and Co., in transit to the Com- mercial Bank, Wentworth, had been extracted therefrom ; also that the up mail had been treated in like manner by the same person. The report goes that when the mail was some little distance from Redcliff, Britton's public-house, on the Lower Darling, it was met by an armed man, who ordered it to stand. He asked the passengers (amongst whom was Mr. M'Crae, of Toorale) had they any firearms amongst them and upon receiving a reply in the negative, he ordered the mail down under the bank of the river, where the contents of the bags were strewn about. Mr. M'Crae was deputed to read all cheques and valuable-looking papers for the ruffian, who stated he was unable to read. Mr. M'Crae abused the confidence reposed in him, and informed the highwayman that nearly all the cheques and notes were marked in such a manner as to be useless to anyone, and advised that they should be res- tored to the letters they were abstracted from and replaced in the bag, which advice to a cer- tain extent was adopted. The party was then taken to Britton's, where the worthy acknow- ledged himself to be Rutherford, and talked of the affray at Shearer's; and when told his mate was taken, he said they could not agree and parted, and hinted something about res- cuing him. He shouted drinks for all hands, then ordered lunch, and requested Mr. M'Crae to take the head of the table. He also sat at the table, but never laid his revolver out of his hand, or gave any one the slightest chance to rush him. After a hearty meal, he informed all hands that he intended to stick up the Booligal mail. Senior-constable Johnston started by the following Booligal mail for the scene of action. Since Pearson's arrest he has said that when pursued by the Booligal police in the back country, he and Rutherford came across the police camp at night, and Rutherford wanted to sneak on the police while sleeping and shoot them; and when asked by Pearson, ' Why add fresh crime to their already overburdened con- science,' he said, 'We want their rifles.' Pear- son then said, 'Would you murder a man cold- blooded for the sake of his rifle,' and they had a falling out. Pearson says Rutherford is a most bloodthirsty fellow." We (S. M. Eerala) woro somewhat surprised on reading a paragraph in Monday's Argus, in which it is stated that intelligence had beon re- ceived from Sydnoy of tho massacro of somo Europeans resident on tho island of Tannn. If there bo any truth in tho report, it has cer- tainly not boon mado public boro. Tho para- graph in the Argus is to tho following offect : " A report was circulated on Saturday afternoon that ono of tho Fiji islands-Tanna-had boon the scono of a massacre. It was said that, ' somo timo ago, Mossrs. Stern, Smith, Strick- land, Bates, and Pritchard, together with Mrs. Smith and child, Mrs. Bates, Miss Chapman, Miss Smith, and Miss Hill, left Melbourne in tho Daphne. Eventually thoy arrived at Tanna, and either chartered or sold tho Daphne to Captain Lewin, who took Coolies to Brisbane ; Captain Lowin handing over to tho party hi3 claim to somo land on tho island. When Cap- tain Lowin left for Brisbano, Captain Doggott, Mr. O. Strickland, Miss Smith, and Miss Hill accompanied him, leaving tho rest of tho party on tho island. A report has como from a vessel rooontly arrived in Sydney, to tho effect that all of tho party who remained at Tanna woro murdered by tho natives.' Wo aro unablo to say on what foundation this story rests. Our Sydney correspondent is s ilent on tho subject ; so are tho Sydney papors, whioh are as lato as tho 21st instant ; and no information has reached us from any private source." The Yass Courier states that lately there was a novel sight in Yass. A fomalo child, aged two years and four months, the daughter of King Andy of the Burrowa abori- gines, was interred in tho Roman Catholic burial ground. Tho deceased was ono of twins, and had boen ailing for somo timo past, kindly prescribed for by Dr. O'Connor. She died on Monday, and a coffin, with all the etceteras of ordinary funerals, was supplied. Deceased has boen baptised in tho Roman Catholic Church, as well as her parents and the rost of tho dark family. Tho coffin was carried on horseback by an aboriginal, then followed tho parents of tho child, and in marshalled order the rest of tho sons and daughters, all very young. Tho cortege was closed up by five or six of tho in- habitants of tho town and noighborhood who have known Andy for a long series of years. A coBBEsroxDENT of tho S. M. Herald, writ- ing from Batavia, under date December 10, says, " Count von Atteins has confessed, and is to get a severo sentence. His yacht, tho Ham- let's Ghost, has, I believe, been sold for about £200. On his way to Java ho fired into a vessel for not showing hor colors, and aftor his arrest ho insisted upon the Austrian Consul sending to Singaporo to intercept au Austrian frigate and ordor her to como to effoct his release." 