POET PHILLIP FABHEES' SOCIETY. ^he Port Phillip Farmers' Society still holds out, waiting for better times. The annual general meeting, which had been adjourned from the7th Jnly last, was held at the society's offices, 48 Bonriawsttoet west, yesterday after noon, and themjreije eight persons present. Mr. J. Finltxy, J. P., took the chair, and Mr, ■; M. HiBiik, M.L.A., acting j^retary, resid oaf theminhtes of the last two meetings, which wereconfirmed." The next business was Mr. P. ^"Cljaclton'a notice of motion, viz. :— "ihat the balance to the credit oi the so ciety at the Colonial Bank be returned by tbe treasurer, and be at the disposal of a meeting of not less than 15 subscribers to the society, such meeting to be called by tbe treasurer on the requisition of 10 members, and seven clear days' notice to be given." Mr. D. G. Clarke asked if tbe society had enough to pay its debts: to which Mr. M'Caw replied that it had £600 in the bank. In answer to another question from Mr. Clarke, the acting secretary further stated that the paper which certain members had signed in order to secure the society in a particular way had long since been burnt. Mr.R.M'Cracken.onbeingappealedto, said he would not move his brother's motion, but the following, viz That the meeting be adjourned for a period not exceeding three months, the notioe of motion standing for the next meeting." Mr. D. G. Clarke seconded the motion, which was opposed by Mr. Bris bane on the ground that it would be best for the Port Phillip Farmers'Society to surrender I at once. It was then urged by the acting secretary and others that while the Board of Agriculture ex isted the Port Phillip Farmers' Society could only stand as a local society, but that wer»- that ghost of a public body quietly laid, there would be no difficulty in putting the la rer on its right basis. Even if another society were to be formed, still the existing society had yards which it would be better to transfer to its successor than give up wholly to the Government, when all the money spent on them would be lost The motion was then put and carried, and the meeting broke up. 