??-Mtercownial. : NEW SOUTH WALES. ' 'TtnWKtSf OffLD-Fnwa.-'-Tbe special reporter ' «* the 6'. if, ^««M sayst— ' I Vve just re t&rHid;&ciu;'trnitkey Credc, 'Wtjere I saw all the i^^Pl^l^K^ed Tree Creek Me the cuief The etone looks very well, but s^Mftwg JPffwMy MMmMng Modeed His not ??0 good Iookwga*the8ton£ at Emu Creek. The kMt-Jumii will co nerhang from three to four .;, . i ouucea tothetoo. Tiieconntry has a decidedly \- . - «uriferoua took. Crooked Tree Creek runs iuto ? i.'i) TruakeyOreefc, and plluvul gold is found in both \- ? witli good stirfacmg. Similar reeft all showing *-'; J fcnld In the stoue, on cap, on ridges, are to be i;t'-*1 found in d!l directions within a circuit of twenty , miles. There is very little work doing, only ':''', «#e fcju or five parties having opeued up their . , reefs or claims. All the country is taken up irV ,»JpiJgtliejiiBeof reefs for ten miles, in five, ten, sdi , *fWBJy,#^*H»fi%-*ens leases ; men come on -'I fattba ground, find it all token up, and having 1 - ! - wining ft do, go away again. Speculation is = ' likely to destroy a very valuable gold-6eld, as ?'? ' thirty or forty persons arrive every day, and die ' same imniber leave or so prosjiecting. The alluvial ground is even taken up on lease. ?' ? Diamonds. — By the outgoing mail, Messrs. Flavelle, Brothers, ' and Roberts, of George ptreet, are tran.«uiittiug to Londou a parcel of diamonds found in New South Wales — twenty stones weighing nine carats— being, it is be Ueved, the tiret shipment of auy consequence of , diamonds £n-m Sydney to E-ig)mtd. Some of these stones are apparently of a veiy pure water aad of a good size— one no large that it is ex pected it will cut to at least two carats. At the Victoria Club, yesterday, Mr. George House, of BirragambU, near Mudpee, exhibited to several gentlemen nine line diamonds, all found within one hundred yards from tiie banks of the Oidge '!;? gong. Tliese diaiumxis were stated to have been tlie result -if only. me d.iy'.s careful search. One of them weighed two and ah all' carats. At the same club, in the evening -Mr. Thomas Bale also exhibited a very rine dimiioud, found about five months ago at Bmidwood. This beautiful gem weighed, en hmt nmivly two and a-half carats. It was sent home by Messrs. Hardy, Brothers, of Hunter-street : and having been admirably cut in London (in the foim ot' what ' fs known a- a ' tafile diamond '') has been re - turned to this colony. This tine geui, a diamond of the first water, uow weighs about one carat. and is understood to be woith, iu the trade, about fifteen pounds sterling. EiTBAORDis*.}' YistD of Gou-.— Mr. Jauies Brown, of Hawkins Hill, Tambaroora, came into town no Monday last, with about £-kxn) worth of gold, which he bad obtained from the claim that formed the enbject of a necenr dilute be fore the Butburst Bench. The precious metal was taken frr-m twenty seven Ums of quartz, and weighed about eighty-four |K-uuds. Sir. Drown was accnmpankiiny another nun, and, bein? on horseback, they bad to cany the gold between them in three-budiel bajis, and arrived in Bath urst about midnight. The following morning the ' lucky digger' started tor [Sydney wilh his valuable charge. As advkstvre.— We clip the following from the Jhthvrxt Tnnrx: — An adventure, which | nearly resulted in a (serious termination, hap- \ penerf lately, we are informed, to Mr. Peter '? Button and Dr. Pechey, who were on a visit to the Fiji Islands. These gentlemen, it is said, . moved by a spirit of adventure, crossed over one '? day to an uninhabited island in a small boat. : They were accmnpauieJ by an al10ri3in.il of this colony, and the island w.1.1 situated some miles ? from the main bind. Upon arriving at their ; destination, they secured their boat, aud pro- j ceeded inland to examine the interior of the j island. When they had finished their observa- ! tion», they returned to the sluire, and fiiuud that 1 their boat had been completely broken to pieces | by the surf This placed them in a very critical ; position, as their only chance of escape lay in j the possibility of some vessel passing the place * of their captivity. For five days they had to ; subsist on nothing else but yams. During this i time they hoisted their clothes on poles, as sig- j naif? of distress, to attract the attention of any \ ship that might happen to pass. On the fifth | day this device succeeded, and they were rescued from the island just in time to save Dr. Pechey, j . who had almost succumbed to exhaustion. 1 ?: . Elopbhent from Forbes.— One of those scandalous events which occasionally occur, to j be a blot upon our boasted civilisation, took plane in this town on Friday evening, the 18th June, when the trite ol one of the most respect able business men touk flight with her paramour, ' a man named Johnson, said to be earning on the business of a butcher at Cargo. That the affair had long been premeditated by the guilty pair is evidenced by the extent and complete ness of the preparation made for it— the hus band having been regularly and systematically robbed in order to furnish the means of carrying on tlieir evil designs. The euraged ami dis h;moured husband has since started for the place of. their supposed destination, with the inten . ? tiim of punishing the villain who has dared to invade the sanctity of his home. BstraordinabvOcccrrences.— In tlieseen lightened times it seems almost an absurdity to talk about ghosts making their appearance ; but the following statement of what has befallen 4 three respectable men residing near Young is 'Antlieutic and may be relied upon by our readers , *s being uo hoax. The three men referred to Me spUtting post* and rails for fencing at a place About four miles from Young, near the Tliree inikaodtua old Buffers' Rush. The first time they saw any thing unusual was on one moon ? tight-night, «feotrt three weeks ago, when they were much startled by seeing in the bush near their hut ft 'white object about the size of a cat, but of no particular form. This extraordinary , looking object suddenly before their eyes sprung :' tip into 4 white spectre about eight feet high. : They called out to it, but could get no reply, ' etru* it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them one way and one another. On one occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour un a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and npon one waking up during the night, he was much surprised to Cud that the whole of the roof of the hut had been temoved. On looking out they saw the spectre, but no one else was about and they are ill quite sure that neither on Uiib, nor on the twiner occasion was it either a man or a ' -woiijin. Its suddenly rising before their eyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet . ^uifce dumb- Founded them. Another night they ? ' . . -were fooch surprised at seeing a strange nn -'' Earthly looking animal, somewhat resembling a .-, j&og;, with a long chain attached to it This ' -'? 'mBuil ease right fat front -jf the hut, and oom 1 ' '^jnawfed grinmng *t them, but made no noise, ?f '?'' Jtoiif bf tailing or otherwise, save the occa ^^^drtttie Of ite chain. As the animal would : Aisl&p;)8u0l Ik jpstt| 8Aiu ufed tfte ooDt&nts; direct '?''' Wi&Sbrnte;,' but the shot took do effect upon it ,. T**4PftW whatever it was, remained for some ^ ta^denWe time. On another night the dog ^'iiSifcW'ia tafl* tetnniwi, for they heard «** ^pjStUtee tf- Aain, aftd- a none like ^^p#J^U;^uF^ake whfck Beting « ^HW|^)-^«»^ above! ' ^^BU^^^B^J^ha^ distinctly ^S^^HHSSJl'siPSft t!F! «»u8 hoad by «oin« lied upon as being the truth. A shepherd told these men that eome time ago two men who were splitting there quarrelled, aud one killed tine other with an axe, aud afterwards felled a tree on him, aud that it was nothing extraordi nary for the murdered man's ghost to make its appearance. VICTORIA. Shortly after 8 o'clock on Tuesday morning, a fearful accident haiipeued at Messrs. Alcock aud Co.'s timber-yard, iu Russell-street rour men were employed in hoisting a large cedar log off a lorry. When it was about ten teet from the ground a young man named Thomas Web ster was pasaiug underneath, and at the moment a portion of the timber lield by one of the damps gave way, and the log fell on him, killius him ou the spot An inquest was held in the after noon, the jury returning a verdict to the eifect that the falling of the log was accidental. Webster was unmarried, and only 24 years of age. We f Argus) are informed that 20,144 shares have been allotted in the Australian Diamond Mining Company. The remaining 485a shares will be taken up'by the directors unless applied for before Saturday next The yield for last week was seventy -seven diamonds. The American resideuts in Melbourne cele brated the anniversary of the declaration of in dependence on Monday (says the Arffu*)la 'Ijat must have been a remarkably plcasani manner. The American Consul (General Lath»iJi/ *-Vl t open house the whole day. and there was a win- I slant succession of eonvni-d patties. The con suls of other powers, tlie Mayor of Melbourne, and several members of Parliament, were amongst the visitors, aud not only the usual American toast*, but also the heilth of Her Majesty the Queen were enthusiastically honoured by the various parties which surrounded the hospitable table of the representative of Cousin Jonathan. \Ve may mention that tlie American merchants in Melbourne have wade ji inajjniliceiit Tas inaniau black opossum skin rug, for presenta tion t» the President of the United States. It is lined with crimson cloth, and around the bor ders are embroidered the following words :— ?? Presented to General Grant the presideut of the lTnit«i States, bv the American Merchants of Melbourne. 4th July, ISiS.' A fire occurred at BurrelTs-flat near Koroit, on the night of Friday last with fowl con*e i|uences, two children being burned to death, and .mother severely scorched. The parents— Henry Jahez Uuwiu and his wife— left their ciittAge about seven o'clock in the evening, and vent to Koioit, leaving tlieir live children in the house. The children went to bed about nine, and an hour afterwards the eldest boy, a lad of thirteen, awoke, and found the cottage iu a blaze. The three efder children made their escape, but tlie two youngest— a boy of five years old, and a eirl of two years aud ten months — remained be hind. In the confusion of the alarm, and with his night-shirt on fire, the elder boy rushed out side after calling to the others, and when he tried to return he was prevented by the fury of tlia Barnes. A girl of seven, though she made her L'scape, was badly burned iu many parts of her b.idy. The cottage was of slabs, with a thatched ruof. The flames spread so quickly that the neighbours were powerless to render any assist ance, and the two poor little children were burned almost to cinders. Due. when found, was an almost indistinguishable crumbling mass, and the body of the other was thoroughly charred on one side, presenting a frightful spec tacle. There is uo d-wbt that the fire occurred accidentally. The oliuiuey was of slabs, aud tliese must have been ignited from the fire on the hearth. As extraordinary and serious accident is re ported by the Ihiiitefurd Merairy as having happened a few days ago to Mr. D. G. S|-ence, mining manager of the Astley United O. M. Company's claim. Mr. Speuce had occasion to repair part of the machinery, and to do this bad melted a quantity of lead and other metals. Taking a portion of tliis amalgam in a vessel with a spout, he got on one of the ' horses'' in the engine room, aud commenced pouring the fluid matter into a metal block. Unfortunately, some rain water had collected in the hollow, and no sooner did the molten mass touch the water than there was a loud report, and the heated material was da-shed in his face. The metal en tered his mouth, adhered to bis face, penetrated his beard to the roots, aod burned his arm to the elbow. Notwithstanding the agony he felt, the sufferer, with great presence of mind, rushed to the kerosine can and plunged his arm into it He also dipped some tow into the liquid, and applied it freely to his face. Some idea of his sufferings maybe formed from the fact that part of the metal cooled on his forehead, and burned it almost to the bone, while a small quantity entered his mouth, aud remained fixed to his teeth till taken from them. His tongue was so swollen in consequence that for several days he could not swallow. Mr. Spence is recovering from the worst effects of the accident, though he will doubtless be scarred for life. The sight of one eye was at first supposed to be destroyed, but he is now enabled to see out of it. Quite a sensation was caused in Sale -m Saturday (so the O'ipps Land Times was in formed) by the rumor that a uuicycle had been sent up from Melbourne by the Gnvernment for the use of the police : — ' One gentleman, whose passion for velocipedes almost amounts to a mania, rushed off to the station and requested the sergeant of police to show him the new vehicle. The officer in charge did not understand the nature of the application, bis brain no doubt being full of official returns and Police Gazelle reports. But when the young gentleman ex plained that the word ' unicycle' Literally meant 'one wheel' the officer apprehended at once the source of the inquirer's curiosity, and took the person of inquiring mind to a back yard, and there showed him— a wheelbarrow 1' At an early hour on Saturday morning in formation reached Chiltern of a most atrocious murder having been committed at the mail sta tion at the ' Springs,' on the main Melbourne road, distant about nine or ten miles from Chiltern. The scene in the place in which the murder is alleged to have been perpetrated was horrifying in the extreme. The body of a murdered woman— a Mrs. Smith— presented a frightful spectacle ; it was fearfully covered with bruises. On the right side three ribs were found to be broken, and on the left Me one was smashed. In fact, as one eye-witness graphically expressed it, the unfortunate woman was literally 'kicked to death.' There were ' also two scalp wounds, and yet no fracture of the skull. On the arrival of the party they found the corpse already washed, and lyiug in a state of perfect nudity. _ One of the hands was found clenched, ;-£ if it was in the act of making a blow at some person in the final struggle with the ' last enemy.' The police j have arrested the husband (Smith), and he is | now in custody awaiting the inquest NEW ZEALAND. A telegbam in the Went Coeut Tim** states : — ''After long prospecting it is thought that a payable gold-field has been discovered in tliis province, and the greatest excitement has been occasioned by the probability. De Bourbel has come in and claimed the reward of £90(1 offered some time since by the Canterbury Government for the discovery of a payable gold-field in the province. The field is stated to be situated in She Bakaia aad Malvern district, but the exact locality has not been specified as yet As may be supposed, many and anxious inquiries are made respecting it, and full particulars are prumised at an early date. It i* said that forty ?maces «f gold have been obtained by three men. in right weeks, from quartz roughly crtubed with riedge-hainniers, and wasted. Thftreal valneof the discovery remains to be tAcd, but that is uo doubt of the reward gpving been claimed.' The Wed Coad Taut* gives another terrible j instance of the results «f intoxication :— Ellen \ ifNamara resided at die eorner of Beafey and Stafford- streets, and at about noon ou Saturday was seen to go into her house iuturtuitted- At half-past 9 o clock at uigbt a neighbour fiudiug the door was ajar, and seeing uo light, thought something was the matter, and looked in. At first he noticed nothing, and wiis about to turn away, when something attracted his attention. He went to the bed and found the poor woman was dead. She waslyiugon the bed, aud partly between the wall aud the bottom of the bed— her head aud shoulders being ou the fluor. The police were sent for, but Ufe had been extinct for some time, the body being -juite cold. 1 he belief is that the deceased, iu attempting to lie on the bed, overbalanced herself, and being drunk was unable to extricate herself. i-be had evidently been suffocated, the face aud neck being quite black when the body was found. 