MR. MONTGOMERY'S SECOND HKA8UN. Adelaide maintains her allegiance to Mr. Montgomery, and continues to enjoy his hiHtriouic lieiiiUH with undiininiHhed zent. If there was uny diU'erciu'u between the hotue which wnlcoinul him on Monday mgnt, ami mat before which nu inuiio Iiim debut last year, it was on the'right side. There have been few such oniicmblieH itiiiee tho first Montgomery rcuhoii cloned. Thcie have been many, we are happy to think, quite as crowded, and it may be us profitable to the trewuiry, but there has Ucn none 10 vuruiunly interesting or so complimentary to an artist. It wan fashionable; but it wiir iiUo intelli gent. It wan a motley multitude, iu »hich every tl.wR (if theatre-goers hud iU repriHtiitutivcH, intermingled with ui.uiy who urn seldom to he seen even in the Uoyui. It was not ho dciuoiiHtru tive us ordinary crowds uru expected to be; '.ut there wcro swuptoniH of appreciation moie grnti fyiiu than noi«c. Mr. Montgomery him evidently dropped into u circle of coulirinuil udmircrn. Not 11 scintillation of the pleasure which he umpired last year Hcems to have been forgotten- not u ttiugle regret for the eiithunianui of former duyx wus ob-erv,U)le. He drew exuetly the nuiiiij Htyloof hoiiHe as uii his first visit, anil produced the vuiuu unique impression. His xecoud Benson Iiuh, in a word, opened well, mid its progtctui appears to bo untiuipated with lively intercut. i Ilia Hamlet is too classic a character to need or even to endure redemption. All who liavo witnesi-eil it huve Htich a vivid conception of it in their own mimU thai the tune is past for the critic to assist them in forming their opinions. On Monday it was olwi-rved itntl studied an u familiar creation of histrionic genius. Few of its oliscivcm may have ever devoted half an horn's attention to the learned discussions on Hamlet's sanity. Yet nil of them instinctively n\ iirihend the peculiarities of Mr. Montgomery')) rendering. They huve almost unconsciously udupted iIiciiihi:Ivi:h to the deeper, moie comprehensive view he lukesof the diameter. They can foul how much more humanity he has infused into it how he bus stripped it of conventional trugcily, and maili) it appeal to the dramatic Hymputhiui of ull such. Advancing from this preliminary stmd point, they can now dwell with intellectual pleusuru 011 the individual beauties of the rCilt. They can note and inwardly digest the ninny new and more cxprcMtivo readings he hud introduced into the text. This willailord them enjoy menuind occupation formally hearing!) uf Hamlet. It will bring out u Hubsidiary class of merits in the character which cimld not bu sufficiently discriminated on u first ucijuaintuiicc. This remarkable, ilumlct carried the Australian stage by Htonn through the novelty mid pui'tlo consistency of its conception. It will iiiumtuin its high position by the cxmiiiiite finish of its details, it is u character winch cannot be two minutes liefoic the footlights without giving 101110 proof of its originality anil excellence, and it nmy lie heard from beginning to cud with a steadily increasing appreciation. From tiie accounts of his recent season in Mel bourne we infer Hint Mr. Montgomery ha* been enlarging his list of triumphs, notably by the addition of Iago and Mercutio. Of course Ade laide will be thankful for a few novelties, but she will always regard Hamlet as the piece tie rcmtance. It has consigned nil its predecessors lo oblivion, but it will ho much the more perpetuate grateful recollections of Montgomery. Jts ucrcHMineii this year are a decided improvement on those of lust year. The Htnge management is beyond com parison with Mr. Coppin's, the defects of which murdered many n fine effect, niul produced very seedy unimpressive situations. Mr. ikllair and his Btau' huve worked hard In emphasize the occasion. The scenery and fittings- home of them new, ull in good order- were arranged and handled us if some hing unusual wtro Lite matter with them. Hardly a hitch or tin incoiurulty detracted from the greatness of the ci-ntral figure. The first appearance of this figure upon the stuga wus the signal for such ucclumation as Is most gratifying to the performer. Every one joined In it, and, the welcome over, nettled hinihcK down attentively to take in the points of the study which he was well assured was to be presented for hit contemplation. Hut there was not ho much interest centred in the Hamlet that none could lierpared for the other actors, Keverul months' experience of them in various characters had awakened curiohity as to their fitness to embody Bhakspeare's wonderful conceptions. Their style of playing had Income ko familiar that there was an anxiety to boo how far they could adapt it to new impersonations, ind the artuiigemeiit of the cost heiuhtened this anxiety. It was feared that there were weak element!) in it that could not fail to produce a bud impression, and that the lustre surrounding the Hamlet would throw into deep shade the indiflerent success of others. Itut there was no justification for any (?uch apprehension. Each performer seemed tclf-plcdgcd to act up to the Humletian standard. Miss Juno was such a Queen as the Hoyul Dane, though endowed with all the godlike qualities assigned to him by a partial son, might well choose for a contort. The very hesitancy which at times lietritycd itaolf in her manner was the appropriate accompaniment to that ignoble act which placed her a cccoikI timv upon the throne of Denmark, 'llieie was no attempt to play the Queen when it was the woman's part merely that had to be enuctcd. All affectation of royal dignity forsook her when brought to face the item picture of her degrada tion as held up to her view by the pitiless avenger of that most foul and horrible murder. The mask was thrown off, and the anguish of the conscience-stricken woman revealed. Miss Stoncham had to contend against peculiar advan tages iu a part no way congenial to her. There is very little in common l-etwecn the love-lick Ophelia and the bright laughing vivacious girl who has been the life of so many burleimies during the present season. The wonder is that she idiould so far control her features and disguise her rnurrlp? nature as to represent the character with tolcraufo success, liut she did more than this; *he wot an Ophelia that understood what was required of her, and was able tu show that she understood it by giving her idea of it intelligible khone. If the failed to infuse a sufficiency of plaintive distress into the mad scene, there was no mistaking the fact that the ecstacy of madness wan upon her. The singing was very sweet, and the manner in which dutiful obedience was rendered to Foloniua was in keeping with the terrible effects of his death upon her reason. Laertes, in the hands of Mr. Monro, was fairly but not specially well treated. The concentrated pas- sion for revenge, inspired by the terrible calamities drawn down upon his house by Ophelia's eccentric lover, was not adequately expressed. Mr. Monro's forte is light comedy, and it is not easy for him to reconcile himself to the tragic. The character was well dressed, but not so successfully acted. Mr. Streeton's Claudius had nothing particular to recommend it, except a close adherence to the test and a quiet natural rendering of the part, Polonius, represented by Mr. Muagrove, if not quite so decided a triumph us that of Mr. Rogers, had yet points of marked excel* lence. There was no attempt to reduce the old courtier, verging upon senility, into a buffoon. The fact that he was a trusted attendant upon royalty was never overlooked, although none ol the point of his vanity and nionomnniacy was I01U Mr. George Darrell created a favourable impres sion as Horatio. His enunciation is diitinct and emphatic, and he is without question the best Horatio that has visited Adelaide for a long time. Mr. Bellair made up into a very stalwart Ghost indeed. He was less pale than thp traditionary shade, and bio voice was a trifle less sepulchral in iU depth than that of other ghosts, but his geiturei were as commanding and his voice as aven in iU tone as the most orthodox dweller in Hade* that ever walked. Mr. Hill scarcely gave full expres sion to the sardonic humour of the First Urave digger, but his rendering was far from a failure. Mr. Martin in the dual capacity of Uuildenitern and the Second Uravedipger played carefully, and Mr. BaUon, as Rosencranz, was got up regardless of expense. Miss Maggy Burton made an effective Osric, and ihe other characters were fairly iu* tamed. Indeed, we can only say in clesing, as we have already remarked, all engaged in the produc tion of the piece had conscientiously prepared themselves to contribute to the success of the evening's performance. To-night the comedy of 'Still Waters Bun Deep' is to be played, with Mr. Montgomery as John Mildmay. , 