NEW SOUTH WALES. We have papers from this colony to July 15th. The Sydney Morning Haald of July 15th says:— " Bv the outgoing muil Messrs. Flavelle Brothers and lioberts, of George-street, are transmitting to London i parcel of iliani' :ids found in New South Wales—twenty stones weighing nine carats ; being, it is believed, the first shipment of any consequence of diamonds from Sydney to England. Some of these stones are apparently of a very pure water and of good size; one so large that it is sxpecied it will cut tu at least two carats. At the Victoria Club yesterday Mr. George Rouse, of Birragambil, near Mudgee, exhibited to several gentlemen nine fine diamonds; all found within a hundred yards of his purchased land, and about one hundred yards from the binks of the Cudgegong. These diamonds were stated to have been the result of only one day's care- 1 ful search. One of them weighed two and a-half carats. At the same club, in the evening, Mr 1 Thomas Hale also exhibited a very fine diamond, found about five months ago at Braidwood. This beautiful gem weighed, en brut, nearly two and 3- • half carats. It was sent home by Messrs. Hardy Brothers, of Hunter-street; and having been admir- ! ably cut in London (in the form of what is known \ as a" table diamond") has been returned to this co- j lonv This fine gem, a diamond of the first water, now weighs about one carat, and is understood to be worth, in the trade, about fifteen pounds sterling. The some journal states that on the previous evening Mr E. C. Cracknell read a paper before the Hoyal Society on the subject of telegraphic communication between Australia, India, Europe, and America. Mr Cracknell points out that only one or two short sections are now requisite to complete j the circuit between Sydney and London ; and he estimates that that portion in which Australia is chiefly concerned—namely, from the Gulf of Carpentaria to the Island of Java, a distance of 190 miles— could be laid for £-500,000, It appears that Mr A. Frazer has applied to the Government of Nether" I lands India for a concession to land a cable on the east coast of Java, to connect Australia under a subsidy or guarantee. MrFraz-r proposes to ask from the Governments of the Australian colonies a guarantee of 7 per cent, on a moiety of the cost of construction, and the amount which wou'd thus be asked to contribute is set down at £17,500- The proportion payable by New South Wales would simply be £4375, in the event of the traffic not paying a dividend of 7 per cent over and above the working expenses. The following is from the Burrangong Argus. It reads remarkably sensational, but is treated seriously by the journalist:—In these enlightened times it seems almost an absurdity to talk about ghosts making their appearance, but the following statement of what has befallen three respectable men residing near Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as being no hoax. The three men referred to are splitting poBts and rails for fencing at a place about four miles from Young, near the Three-mile andjthe old Duffer Rush. Thefirst Time they saw anything unusual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when they were much startled by seeing in the bush, near their hut, a white object abont the size of a cat, but of no particular form. This extraordinary-looking object suddenly before their eyes sprung up into a white spectre about eight feet high. They called out to it, but could get no reply, struck at it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It chased two of them one way, and one another. On another occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour i n a calm, still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and, upon waking up during the night, were much surprised to find that the whole of the roof of the hut had been removed. On looking out they saw the spectre, but no one else was about, and they are all quite sure that neither on this or the former occasion was it either a man or a woman! Its suddenly rising before their eyes, from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite dumfounded them. Another night they were much surprised at seeing a strange, unearthly- looking animal something resembling a dog, with a long chain attached to it. This animal came right in front of the hut, and commenced grinning at them but made no noise, either by barking or otherwise savethe occasional rattling of his chain. As the animal would not go away, one of the men (who was a 'good shot) loaded a gun, and fired the contents direct at the brute, but the shot took no effect upon it. The dog. or whatever it was, ; remained for some considerable time. On another night the dog seemed to have returned, for they heard the rattling of a chain and a noise like what a dog would make when licking a plate. Upon looking outside they saw that the plate which had been left there was in motion, but they could not see .what caused it to be so, although they could, while looking, distinctly hear the same noise de- : scribed above. They watched it for some time, the plate being kept in motion, and the noise being distinctly heard as if the plate was being licked by some animal. On Sunday last these men came into Young, and npon one of them returning in the evening he found that the door of the hut had been pulled down and its contents brought outside and left there. Two out of the three men are well known to us and we feel confident that what we have stated may be relied upon as the truth. A shepherd told these men that some time ago two men who were splitting there quarrelled, and one killed the other with an axe, and afterwards felled a tree on him, and, that it was nothing extraordinary for the murdered man's ghost to make its appearance. The men will most probably be in town to-night, when we Bhall hear further particulars, which we shall not fail to give in our next issue." The Bathurst Times narrates an adventure nearly resulting in a serious termination, which bappfned lately to Mr. Peter Bo'ton and Dr. Pechey, who were on a visii to the Fiji Islands. "These gentlemen, it is said, moved by a spirit of adveature, crossed over one day to an uninhabited island in a small boat. They were accompanied by an aboriginal of,this colony, and the island was situated some miles from the main land. Upon arriving at their destination, they secured their boat, and proceeded inland to examine the interior of the island. When they had finished their observations, they returned to the'shore, and found that their boat had been completely broken to pieces by the surf. This placed them in a very critical position, as their only chance of escape lay in the possibi ity of some vessel passing the place of their captivity. For five days they had to subsist on nothing else but yan.s. During this time they hoisted their clothes on poles for signals of distress, to attract the attention ot any ship that might happen to pass: On the fifth day this device succeeded, and they were rescued from the island just in time to save Dr. Pechey, who had almost succumbed to exhaustion." 