OUR MONTHLY SUMMARY. The olti for Europe closes at Launceston at Six o'clock on Thursday evening. Our MIonthly Suenmary of news will be putlished on that sore. lug, and twill be traunsitted to addressen left at thi n/fIce in lime: for. posting. The 'subscription is flee shillings per annum. Otunone or ENGLAND.-W ' (O ercury) understand that his Excellency the Governor has contributed tho' following sums in aid of the funds of the Churhb of Enaland, vlz.,knaw cathedral building fund; £100 church fud northern arubdeuconry, £25; church fund southern arohdeaconry, £25. Pinirn.-A corre~pondent writes:-Tho flrat penny reading of the seaasou'ws held.on flinraday lust at the Temperance Hall, and showed by the attendance that the readings had not lost any ofa their interest. The Rev. S. B. Fookee occupied the chair. Soeio latdies end gentlemen from Longford and Evaridalo, anv well as our local ladies (last, but not lesht) kindly gave theiritaelatonee, whlich, of course, added greatly toethe enjoyment of tho.evontingr -as it is impossible for anything 6a go e lf with eclat without the presence of tihe fair sex SbfyTaciousailATHa,-.A mystorlous d asti' 'i hnejust bcon discovered at Westbury; So me fourteen, days bank n stranger-a mranbboyod I middle ego, drsseod'in a tweud suit, and with hie face shaved, but having'a tuft of hair under his chin-anlled upon Mr. Laws oi that township, and rooted a cottage from him, No one had-econ him boforo, The cottago I wse tinken puosesionri of, and the stranger's I family was oxpeoted Immediately, but they did t not arrive, nor was the man himself seen about the promises. The rent of the cottage becmae duo, and was 'clled for, but there 9 was no one to answer. Again this was done, but with a like reoult, On Saturday last, however, an entrance was effected, and under some straw was the corpso of the new arrival, and beside him weroethreo or four bottles, one I maorked "Poison" and- the others "Lauda. nem," as also a double barrelled pistol, a cup, and a bottle that had contained brandy.. From aJ memorandumbook- in',theypookcet of the dead man 'were torn:aomaeleaves that might; heve given et;oluo' to his 'jidentity. , An inquest was to bh held yepterday (Monday).. ' Ilouaoon .-Yesterday.: wasn theolaset:day f4r receiving ;nominatione;of <andidate ftaor the vacant soatninotheLegislativeO Couneil, caused .by.effluxion of time.. ,']boonlyceaudi data weoo have 'heard .mentioned, is the; late nmember, Mr. Joseph,:Archor, and itie impro battlu that any other would'be'nominated.:,, !A DRcTznMuweeoToHIIe,-Sovcral; attempts atrabbery.wore madq at Carrice con Saturday evening, but there ia reasonfor believing, that nil, proceeded 'from ,onq eouroe. Just; after darkc thu.servant girlat theoPrinco of Wales Ine found a man in the bed-room rummagitng the boxes. In her fright the girl rpnto the kitchen to tell ihe; mistress, when the; fellow ,escupcd. A little later a manwas lean dry. ing to steal a box out of a chaise cart, but he war prevented. In about half-au-hour after,. while Miss Dodeon, of theCarrick Hotel, was carrying the eatables tothe pantry from the tea table, not deeming it necessary to look tie, door~during the brief intervale:of her absence, an round of bopf, a cheese, and two pieces of, bfeeh hof, were sabtractod. Informationowasa at once given to tho, police, and in lese than an hour Sergeant Metcalf succeeded in appre hending the thief' and, recovering- the stolen property-;The followvwas taken to Westbury yesterday, and elutoncod. totwelvO moonth's imprisonment. Prom 'tlhe desoriptions,given of 'tho. man it sieAlmost certali hbe' was the one ;whoo had atteiopted'to'efcet roibberiie at, the 'other 'places. It{'is' to bo' hopod"thbt when be emerges from his twelvo monti's' speilal moral training his ideas of 'meln""'et ttuam will be more distinot -' .. :t' Macmo luce ':IeerrTrTr.-A readings will; bol given this evening. , Amongetihto songs ° oi.:theiprogrammowe 'observo "'Good ;By, a Swoealsart,..Good By," ",Should ,he upo braid," "Thean yoe'll- remember me," '&o.; S'rho readinee include'" Norval and' Gl" r nialvon," "'Dr. Blimber's'Foroing lstablish-' 1 ulant," "DMary's Ghost," "The Quack Doo f tor's Harangue," &o.;" ANOToccan RAILWAY ACcIDENT;-A' shook ing accident occurred on the railway works at * Cameron's Hill, about four, o'clock yesterday 3 morning. It appears that a lad named John 5 Hisloy, about 12 years of age,' was employed on the night gang, and at the time named was engaged in greasing some wadgone,'when from Seoam cause the vehicles moved, and one or "? more passed over the poor little, follow, muti lating his right arm and, leg most 'dread. 8 fully. Ho was, brought in to the Gone. 0 rat Hospital, when it. wie found, that the a wheels had almost severed the arm, abohat foiur incbme from the shoelder joint, nod mangled' 3 the forearm very much. There weroetwo i, great gashes in the right thigh, extending Is from the knee nearly, to the hip, but no bones v were broken, and the main artery fortunately 0 escaped injury; another wound just inside the it upper part of the leg, near the knee,' laid hero I. the muscles in' that region. Dr. Toroley hold a consultatiou with' Des. Miller.' and 0 Wigan, when it was. decided not' to perform 9 any operation till the afternoon, so that the 5 sufferer might recover a little from the shook to the system caused by the accident. At 3 p.m: the righot arm was amputated at ,the shoulder joint, the other wounds dressed, &o.; '[The unfortunate little follow was in ta very ° precarious condition last night. c SNAiES.-As e party of young men were h returning on'Siturdpy afternoon from nashoat. 3' iug excursion on the West Tamar, they came ' upon a large black snake which' was slowly a crawling to a place of- concealmont. ' With a more dtiteirity, than prudence' they slipped a 9\. noose over the reptile's head, and' lashed it to a eapling, and in this way brought it home 9, alive; "The excitement of the capture and its novel modoeof travelling, had' so' irritated'the croeture that on reaehing'town it was deemed expcdient todospatoh itat one. It measured five foot four iniolees'li leiingth-a's un'ualin tizo us it was leti in theasoesn,'' . ilennuti ToWti 'AND THI 'SOuToh.-- ed f named Bernard Ferrell, aged 13 years, fWl down a ac al mine shaft' at, New, Town on Saturday, fracturing his left wrist. The g Tichboree' baronetcs oominission closed itl \- .laborg on Saturday. LOver 'twenty witneesee t have. been examined. The commission" will a next be opened in New South Wales. 