LOUTH, FORT BOURKE. (From our own Correspondent.) Weather, the all absorbing topic of the day, has changed from starvation to prosperity. Last Saturday evening it commenced to rain and con- tinued a steady downpour until Sunday morn- ing, the effects of which has already shown that the roots of the grass were not quite dead, as we have a fine spring on the banks of the river, full four inches high, and the sandhills are already green. The much needed post office here, opens on the 1st of March, (thanks to the promptitude of the honorable the Postmaster-General) Mr. T. Matthews is appointed postmaster. The next thing, if possible, more badly wanted than a post office, is a police station. Horse stealing is now the order of the day, and three suspected parties are hovering about, and a yard of a very suspicious kind is erected, on back, between nine or ten miles from the river. Yesterday three horses belonging to the Com- panies station, were found in the vicinity of this yard closely hobbled, but no person with them. The Bourke police are informed of the fact, but the fact is they have not horses able to carry them. The one that was down here compiling the Electoral roll, had to walk nearly all the way from here down the river. There is a great revenue from this district, and I think we have a right to our share of protection, but I suppose the reason we have not, is because we are not represented in Parliament. It is not I believe as be found in history such a large district as this with such few representatives, I believe the whole Riverina has only three or four and two at least of them are dummies, is it any wonder we wanted separation. But speaking of repre- sentatives draws my attention to Mr. Parkes, and as we want somebody to bring us into notoriety, I understand there is a move here to invite the said Henry to come up, after his de- feat at Kiama, as I suppose they must be tired of Ghosts, and Ghost stories down there now, but as we have a good deal of the blacks left here yet Mr. Parkes may do very well for them, and I have, no doubt they would all vote for him, provided he brings pipes and tobacco and promise plenty of blanket, bu bcal give it. It is also contemplated to survey a new line of road from here to the Lachlan, I understand that river can be reached from here in about a 180 miles, and is at the same time a direct route from the Gulf of Carpentaria down the Warrego R ver to Deniliquin, and thence to Melbourne. A glance at the map of the colony, will convince any one, of the advisabity of this route. I am surprised the late Ministry did not see this as they were almost all seeing. February 17th. Joseph Bernard Simmons, of Watson's Bay, late of Brisbane, in the colony of Queensland, out of business. Liabilities, £230 4s. Assets, £69 17s. Mr Sempill, official assignee. William Flannery, of Banfield, Clarence Town, farmer. Liabi ities, £78 13s. 5d. Mr. Sempill, official assignee. John Duggan, of Austral Eden, Macleay River, farmer. Lia ilities, £195 3s 8½d. Assets, £5. Mr. Sempill, official assignee. George Buxton, of Newcastle, inkeeper. Lia- b lities, £3136 19s. 2d., of which £2045 is secured. Assets, £3191 9s. 8d. Mr. Humphery, official assignee. 