THE CUSTOMS CONFERENCE. (From the Argus. July 10.1 I THE adjourned quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce convened, amongst other purposes, for the consideration of the report of the recent Conference of commercial delegates in Sydney, was held yesterday, at the Melbourne Exchange. There were about thirty members of the Chamber in attendance. The President (Mr. James Lorimer) occupied the chair. The Chairman, in opening the proceedings, stated that the business before the meeting was to deal with the report of the Conference. Mr. George Martin begged to move the following resolution "That this meeting, having considered the report of the recent Conference of commercial delegates in Sydney, and the resolutions arrived at by them on the subjects of a Customs Union, reduction of telegraphic charges, and the introduction of the system of selling grain and flour per- rental of 100 lbs., adopts that report, and records its approval of those resolutions, as also of the action of the delegates who represented this Chamber at that Conference." He was not prepared to say that difficulties would not be found in carrying out the details of this proposal, but he felt convinced that advantage would follow to all the colonies from carrying into effect what had been recommended, and he trusted that this Chamber would endorse what had been done. Mr. J. R. Bailey (of Paterson, Roy, Palmer and Co.) said he had great pleasure in seconding the resolution, but more for the purpose of eliciting discussion than anything else. He had hoped that the course taken of adjourning the meeting on Tuesday would have had the effect of draw- ing forth a more earnest expression of opinion on the part of the general body of the Chamber as to the results of the recent Conference. It certainly seemed to him that this was a question of the most vital importance to the trading community of the whole of the colonies and although the Chambers of the different colonies had succeeded so far in arriving at something like unanimity as to the course of action that ought to be pursued, the labours of the Confer- choo would not come to anything unless the Chambers of the different colonies had sufficient influence with the various; Governments to induce them to take action. He therefore trusted that the members present would see fit to intimate to the committee the desirability of formally laying before the Government of this colony the resolutions of the Intercolonial Conference, and in endeavouring to interest them in the objects it was desirable to obtain. He (Mr. Bailey) was afraid, from the general feeling of apathy which ruled amongst the community at the present time, that the Chamber would not I advance very rapidly in the object it had in view ; but still the time might come when the Government would feel an interest, on behalf of the community, in bringing about a union of the Australian colonies, if not for " political purposes, at any rate for customs purposes. The object of securing a federal union of the whole of the Australian colonies had long been before the public, and he should like to see the proposition carried out as early as possible. i After this resolution had been discussed he should feel himself at liberty to move a resolution to the effect that the committee be instructed to bring the matter formally before the Government, and ask them to take notion. He felt sure that it would be quite impossible for the Chamber to agitate the community, or to take any effectual steps, without securing the co-operation of the Government. Mr. James Service, in supporting the resolution, did not think it was fair to complain of apathy on the part of the mercantile community. For his own part, he could never I fight unless he had something to fight against, and he thought that is tilla matter the Chamber were unanimous. The Chamber did its duty on a former occasion in passing a resolution resolving that certain gentlemen should visit Sydney and discuss the matter there and he thought the Chamber ought to express very heartily and sincerely their appreciation of the manner in which those gentlemen had fulfilled their mission. For his own part, he had been very much gratified from reading from time to time in the papers, and especially from the final report of the Conference, the manner in which those gentlemen had discharged their duties. But he must confess that it was very difficult for him to get up any " steam," or enthusiasm, when there was no work to be done. If the committee could inform the members where the work was to be done, they would be most happy to respond to the call. But the members of the Chamber here were not in the position in which they were placed at Sydney. They had not only not parties evenly balanced, as they were there, but they had not even the ghost of an opposition. The Chamber, indeed, was as one man in the matter. And even in point of numbers, this was a respectable meeting of the Chamber, without taking into consideration that most of the members regarded it, as he did, as a merely formal meeting to confirm the report. He made those remarks in order that it might not go forth to the other colonies that there was a feeling of apathy here on the subject. He was sure there was a very strong feeling here, and he was quite satisfied that this movement was not likely to come to an end without a very determined struggle on the part of the mercantile community here to carry into effect the objects which had been proposed. The evils we had been subjected to, and the disadvantages and inconveniences we had suffered, on account of the difficulties which had been experienced in connection with the intercolonial trade, especially since the recent changes in the tariff, had been so many and so great, that he was quite sure that all present would feel a personal interest, as well as an interest simply as units of this Chamber, in the matter now under discussion, and he must therefore protest against the statement L of there being any such feeling as that of apathy on the part of the Chamber of Commerce. He had great pleasure in seconding the resolution. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. Mr. Service then rose to move the following resolution : " That the committee of the Chamber be requested to take the necessary steps for giving practical effect to the resolution of the late Conference, in reference to the introduction of the central system of selling grain and flour, by obtaining, if possible, the concurrence and co-operation of the millers, factors, and others engaged in the corn trade and that it be a recommendation to them that the new system should come into operation on and from the 1st January next All that the Chambers of Commerce in the neighbouring colonies he invited to adopt similar measures, with a view to a simultaneous commencement in the various colonies." This was just one of those resolutions which no one could be expected to speak to. There was really nothing to argue and nothing to discuss. He did not suppose that a single voice would be raised against this resolution. He was sure the whole Chamber were unanimous on the point. Mr. R. Murray Smith seconded the resolution. If the delegates had done nothing more than this they would have deserved the thanks of the Chamber. The Chairman remarked that the Conference were as unanimous as the Melbourne Chamber were upon this a particular matter. It was found impossible to got up a discussion upon it. Mr. Charles Bright was not going to oppose the resolution; but he thought the Chamber should have decided first as to the steps to be taken in carrying out the more important resolutions of the Conference. After a little conversation, the resolution was agreed to. The Chairman said the Chamber would observe. that one of the resolutions agreed to at the Conference was as follows :-"That in the opinion of this conference, a considerable reduction of the charge for telegraphic messages between the colonies would greatly facilitate the operations of business, extend trade, and lead to an increase of that branch of the public revenue." He might state that the Melbourne Chamber had already communicated with the Government on this subject. In South Australia a reduction in the charges had already taken place. An experi- ment, in fact, had been made, and the committee had been ' advised by the Government here, that, as far as the present year was concerned, they could not make any change. They were, however, going to watch the progress of the experiment in South Australia, and if it, proved successful, they would probably follow it out here. If the political conference took place and it would probably be held in Sydney next September-the question would be considered there with the view, he understood, of having a uniform rate for the different colonies. So far, therefore, as that portion of the report was concerned, it had been already dealt with as effectually as the Chamber could hope to deal with it. Mr. Bailey moved the following resolution s's That, in the opinion of this Chamber, it is desirable that the resolutions of the Intercolonial Conference, and the matters contained in the report just adopted, be laid before the Government of this colony, with the request that action may be taken at the earliest opportune period." He moved this resolution in order that a practical result might be given to the efforts of the Chamber. Unless the Government could be interested, no practical results could be obtained. The Chamber was not a body which could agitate the community, however much the views of the Chamber might be calculated to advance the interests of the public. It was for the Government of the day to do to and he thought that, as soon as the Government; found leisure, they would be ready to consider the subject, and ascertain from the Governments of the neighbouring colonies how far such a scheme would meet with their approbation. Mr. Hubert J. Henty seconded the resolution. Mr. Charles Bright remarked that the members of the Chamber were all so unanimous that anything like discussion would be out of place. The only thing like opposition, he might observe, appeared in the report itself, as coming from a neighbouring colony; and it might not be altogether out of place to say that the object to be gained by a Customs Union was one that might be joined in even by those who, like the objectors in this instance, were not the advocates of free trade. The unanimity observed hare was easily accounted for, because all, even those who had protective leanings, could join in bringing about a Customs Union. He trusted that this unanimity would have some weight with the gentlemen in Sydney, who appeared by this report to have raised some opposition to tUa object our delegates had in view. The Chairman remarked that the opposition which proceeded from two members of the Conference was not supported by the mercantile community of Sydney. The protest, they had made was also inconsistent with their former opinions, for they had previously agreed to the resolution recommending a commercial federation of all the Australian colonies. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously, and the proceedings terminated. I 