AUSTRALIAN NOTES FOB ENGLISH CIRCULATION. Al hough, during tho latter partof tha month, tho pnblic mind has bean moro frivolously en gaged than in regarding: tho wordy oonQiats bo tweon our Parliamsntiry repr jsontativas, th^ro is vet enouch to dilate on in tho oventa whioh have transpired beneath tho roof of tke Assem bly since last those notes wore compiled. Though not positively doclarod, itwasknown boforo the dopartuie of tha mail that the Macphorson Ad ministration would have to meet Parliament shorn of a quarter ef its strongth by tho loss of its Treasurer and Commlsjioner of Pdblio Works. It w.-s anticipated that, directly those gentlemen became awaro of their defeat, thay would resign the offices hold by thorn in onso nanoe with tho priuoiples they hid themielvo3 advocated during tho dobato on !li3 motion which they had brought forward iuimodiatoly on Sir Ralfo's appjintmant. , Ho.wover, they pro forred to sacriuca tho3o principles, f jr tho sake of a g-rootly. retention of ofTbe/.ind tha Ministry* as a whole, becamo a party to tho act, whioh was tho moro presumptuous, beciuso tho final result of . THE MINISTERIAL EJECTIONS showed that a majority of iho doctors who had oxorcisod the right of voting ivoro opposed to them. We find that in tho two largost districts appealed to, whoro the Mihistara woro igno miniouslydofoatoJ, Collingwood and Crowlands, 52CS electors voted, tho Ministsrialists being in a minority ef 115S. In thi outlying, rind com piratively sparsely populated, districts of Wost Bourko, Maryborough, Ripon aad Hanipdon and Dundas, 4953 elootors wont to tha polling booths, and hero, although tho result was favjrablo to tho Ministerial craso, tho actual rmjority in thoir candidates' favor wa*ou'y 455, the baltAce against tho Govjrnmont baing thus, a? will bo soon by a g'anca at tho figuros, 632. This is leaving out of account the Villiors aud Heytos hury contest, whora the A'.tuney-Gonoral, Mr Masdonnoll, was opposed by a co-re'.igionist who did not stan 1 in tho Liberal interest, but evan taking tho figures shown thoro into account tho result still leavos tho .Government in a clear minority of 213. This boins tho fact, it was certainly espoctod that the resignation of the dofoatod Mini3tars ' would not be delayed, at least aftor ??-'.. THE RE-ASSE1IBLISG Ol!' PARLIAMENT, which tooVplaoo oa Tuesday, ths 19lh ult. Directly after tho Assombly mot, tho now Chief Socrotary addressed a few words to the House, in which ho said that hia Ministry was anxious to push through tho urgont businoss, and desired as soon a? possible to get tin Appro priation B'H passed, and, as a nooossiry se queuoj, a prorogation. Tho appearaaco of tho Houso itself was romirkible. Crowded toge thor below the gangway oa the1 Spjaker's right woro tho members of what so ra my yo.ir3 was tho Opposition, ami tho secaders from tho Liberal ranks Only four rcninbara had sufficient courage of their opinions to take a seat on tha back Ministerial bonoho3. Across tho fl -or, tho Opposition bonches woro crowded, forty gon tlemou taking thoir soats on tbom, in a House rom which only tit. wero absent. Tho Chief Secretary's explanation waa of itsolf so briof, and was fol't by all present to bo so ominontly unsatisfactory, that his hoaohm m, Sit; Gav.in Duffy, folt it incumbent on him to rise iu his piaco and friyo the real HI3T0RY OF THE CABAL. Ho, a' groit lenjth, wont into tho stops which had been takon to form a Ministry on tha re signation of -Mr M'Culloch, and said ihat ithid at first been proposnd to form a coalition Go-. vernniont of which he should bo tho head. Mr Duffy said that ho had refused to' take oSlce because he was unwilling to accept a proposal woioh (as ho hai boon led to understand) had boon mado by Mr M'Culloch, through Mr Sel lar, his partner, t9 tha effect that if the new Mini itry would undertake ? 1 3 carry tho Laud Bill ho would offer tli3 u no opposition. Mr M'Culloch, v/h-- fortunately was presen r- in the Housa, gays this statomont an unqualified contradiction. Ho had never given Mr Sollar authority to maks any Biioh statement, and indeed ho was not iu the habit of communicat ing any ' political m ittws to that pc-ntloman. During tbo. election onteata dooumonts had been circulated containing a ropublicatiou of theso slanders, and one person who had oir cuUtod thorn, sent him an apology for so doing, but ho treated it with ooutompt, for ho regarded as contemptible a private apology for a publ wron-j. Such a' reply to tho slaurlor was only what might havo been expected from tho jrentJo man to whom it referred. When tho Houso got settled down a bifc, tho Cnief Secrotary was pressed to doclaro ? THE GOVERNMENT POLTCY, and it was then found that, boyond tho few words ho had alroady vouchsafed to accord to tho Houso. he had no policy to dhcloso, He declared his intention of leaving payment of members and tho State-aid questions open, and, with regard to tho Land Bill, tho Ministry wero not prepared to say what thoy would do with it till it camo down from tho (Jounoil, whero it at present remains, and from which it will not oartainly Gome without soma very sovoro handling, if indeed it is allowed to emergo from that chamber of dulness without such alterations being mado in it tis wil lead either to another conflict botweon tho representative and the practically responsible branches of our Legisla ture, or to the bill being laid asido or thrown out. Such a result will because for tho deepest regrot, as it will really be an annihilation of tho best part of tho u ? PRACTICAL WORK OF THE SES3ION, to which, during the last weak or bo, tho mem bers of tho Assombly havo boon turning thair attention. Taking up tho work whioh had boon so well initiated and performed up to a certain stago, by Mr. M'Culloch and his colleagues, tho Macpborson Ministry have passod through tho Assombly. the.Upper Murray Railway Bill, tho Payment of Members Bill, and tho State Aid Abolition Bill. All those they found ready to their hands when they entered office, and yet,' forsooth, thoy aro takintr great crodit to thom boIvos for what thsy h ivo c(ono. With regard to THE PAYMENT OF MEMBERS it will bo very well kaown at homo thV; tbo question is ono which has for a vory long tiruo agitated the public mind hero. The supporters of the payment ot representatives hive all along1 agreed that, in a community so compara tively . small as ours, it is not possiblo to find ' mon wiih the leisure and moans of the representative classes in England, and that, tioroforo, in order to on suro honesty in tbo mon spnt by tho oeoplo to tho Legislature, it was advisablo to pay thorn a sum whioh should render them independent of any extraneous influences which might be brought to boar on them. ? Of courso, tho proposition has had many strong1 and consistent opp»nonts, amongst whom for many years was our most pro minent statesman, Mr Goorgo Higinbotham. Recently, however, he has chan^od hit opinions on tho subject, and many oth'rs havo dono bo with him. Tho result is that a bill has boon again passod by tho Assembly, which proposes to pay members of both Houses, a turn of £300 por annum for their services. Hitherto tho members of tho Council havo refused to consent to receive any paymont at oli, or to let the morabor3 of the Assembly hi paid either. It is said, howover, that the conscientious scruples of ; our mist venerable legislators aro not by any1 mo ins a? strong as thoy ware, and that the re- ' eult will ba that in the next Parliament our members will bo paid. Ansther thing which has long been agitated for is THE ABOLITION OF STATE- AID TO RELIGION. For a great many years tho pooplo of tho country have contributed from tbo rovonue tha ! sum of £50,000 por annum towards the inainten- ! ance of roligiou3 establinhraunti of various de nominations. Some of tho Nonconformist churchoshave, of course, in consonance ni.h their creed, refu-od to accept dtate-aid in any shape, and its abolition to all churches his persistently been advocated by our mire advanced poli ticians Tho bill was passsd in tho Asseaib'y by a clear majority of the Homo, ami it is not likely that the Council will dream of rejecting it. Should they di so, in tho interests of certain sections of tha Cjureh, which tlesjro the con tinuance of State-fi 1, they will only avert a day which the country han declared must toon co .no. If the mass of tha pub ia do not desire that tho State should meddle ia religious m&tters;, thsy have no objection to its doing' 30 in what con corns thoir temporal moro thin th^ir spiritual well- being. Overworked andj underpaid opera tives in the old country will see with pleasure that a bill has boon brought into the Assembly to legalise THE EIG1T HOURS SYSTEM, . which, howover, his already been adopted by the ma j ority of the trades. The measure is similar to one ia existence in the United States, where eight h jura is fixed by law as the limit of a day's labor. It 'wi)l be of xsso as de5ni3jj cuitom and practice, and will, douHtioss, bo ap prooiated as a boon by tho great rouses at tha working men, whisi condition hera is so much superior to what it is anywhere ia tho rror'd, except porhapsltho moro favored of the Nor! ham States of America. Bat it i* net only amongst tho artisan and la'borlsg' clasa that the short hour system gains ground. Wo find it intend ing itself to tke bakers, tho sbop men and w*men who are now agitating for a Saturday half-holiday, and all sorts of people of that class The way in- which employers for the most part respond to the appeals mado to them is highly creditable to thoir generosity. Another matter which has ni jst prominently occupied tho atten tion of Parliament lately hasbeon that of IMPERIAL AND COLONIAL RELATIONS It was brought under their notice by tho hon Goorgo Higiabotham, a gent'oman who ha? stated boldly that tho reason ef his resignation of office as an Executive Councillor | was tho unsatisfactory nature of tho relations between tho . Colonial Office and tho Queen's roprosontativohero It will be in the msmiry of mo-.'t persons that the present Parliamont was elected to deoicro tho right of the colony to resist tho interforonca of Downing strjotiffi :iaU. Though tho despatch from tho Secretary of Sta'o for the colonies on the uro posed conforenco of Anglo-Australian' stated, as might havo boon expected, that it was not viewed with favor by tha English Government, tha priposal to establish ststandintr representa tive of the colonial empire in London for tho ex pross purpo33 of swamping local self Govorn moct, led Mr Hijrinbotham to submit to the As sembly on Tuesday last tho following series' 'of resolutions: — : '1. That the earo of the political righvs ind interests of afreo popple can be safely eatritstad on'y to a body appointed by and rosponsiblo to that poople, and that tho Legislative Assombly declines to sanction or to recognise tho procood ings (so far as tho same may rolato to Victoria) of tho Con'oronco proposed to bo hold in Lou don, at the instanco of a self -constituted and irresponsible body of absontso colonists. ' ' 2. That tho poople of Victoria, possessing by law tho right of self-government, desire that this colony should remain an into »ral portion of tho British EmDiro, and this House acknow ledges on behalf of its constituents, the obliga tions to provide for ths dofenco of tho shores of Viotoria against foreign invasion by means furnishod at the sole cost and- retainod -within tho exclusive control of the neoDle of Viotoria. ' 3. That this House protests against any in terference by legislation of the Imperial Parlia ment with tbo. internal affairs of Victoria, ex cept at the instaaco or with tho express consent of tho poople of tbo colony. _ ' i. That tho official communication of ad vice, suggostions or instructions by the Seoro tary of State for the Colonies to her Majesty's representative in Victoria, on any subject what soover connected with the administration of tho local government, oxcept the giving or with holding of the royal' assent to, or tho reserva tion of bills passod by, tho two Houses of the Victorian Parliament, is a prnctico not sano tionod by law, dorogatory to tho independence ot tho Queen's representative, and a viola tion both of the principles of a systom of rosponsiblo government and of tho constitu tional rights of the people of this oolony. '5. Tnat tho Logislvtivb Assombly will sup port hor Mnjssty's Ministers for Victoria in any measures thit miy be necessary for tho pur poses of securing the recognition of thooxclusive right of hor Majasty and ef the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly to make laws in and for Vietoria, in all cases whatsoever, and putting aa early and final stop t- tho unlawful intorforenso of tho Imporial Govornmant in the domestic affairs of thie colony.' In the course of an ablo spooch ho pointed out that ninety mon out of every hundred in our community disowned tli9 maintenance of our connoction with tho mothor oouutry ; but that as wo wore supposod to bo constitutionally pos seBsad of self-govornmont, wo ought to claim tho enjoyment of it in reality, an'i that a.* those despatches' from the Colonial Offno invited an answer upon the subjeot, the answer oujht to bo gi /en promptly and unmi-takoably. Ho proposed thut Ministers horo should correspond directly with Ministers at homo in plnoo of with tho Governor, and through him tho Colo nial Office, and in conclusion ur^od tho nocflssity of immediate action in the matter. As tho debato has been adjourned till the d.-y after to-porrow, it is hard to say whether tho Ministry will eventually adopt tho re solutions or not, as they have evaded any expression of opinion on them. Mr Mrc pherson ropUod to Mr Higiubotham briofly and inconsequentially, recommending that tho resolutions shou'd bo dealt with by tho Houso in committee, but boyond this none ef tho Ministers have gone. Exception has been takon to the tone of Mr Higinbothim's speech, bu'- there was no gainsaying his funda mental propositions as to tha rightof tho colony to absolute constitutional independence. So much of what the Parliament has done.- As to what it has not done, it has mado but little progress with that measure of maosuroSj THE LAND BILL, whioh is now in committee in tho Legislative Council. , Its second reading was moved by Mr Jennor, who, as the representative of tho Ministry thoro, said it was distinctly to bo undor stoud that it was not a Cabinet measure. Thus loft to its fate, the unfortunate bill was taken out of tho hands of Mr Jonnor by Mr O'Shanassy, who will no doubt so alter it as to make it perfectly agreoablo to the squattors, whoso interests ho has always boon ready to conservo. In his spooch, Mr O'Shanassy unblushiogly admitted that if tho M'Culloch Government hot! remained in power he would havo thrown out the moasuro at once, but as it was he would content himso'.f with making cortain amendments. H o proposes, among other things, to mako a provise for further immigration. Tn tho courso of-' his re marks ho brought forward some statistics, which ara flattering evidence of THE PROGRESS OF SETTLEMENT on tho lands of tho colony by tho people during tho adiainl-tration of tho land office bv tho lato Minister, Mr Grant. He pointed out that thoro had spnrn,^ ;nto exi -tonce of: late years about I 30,00i; h'.-ii2it:^a, on which thoro was settled a thriving- population of 150,Q0O. Tho quan tity of land hold iu this way was about 9,080,000 acroK- Of the 30,000 holdings ho described 24, COO as under 200 acres 3000 betweon 200 and 300 acros, aud about the same nu'mbor abovo 850 acres. Such facts as these apeak iu trumpot tongue for tho wisdom of tho polity pursued by the M'Culloch I Government, and aro in thorusolvo3 tho greatest reproaoh to that patty of obstructionists of which Mr O'dhanassy has eo Jong been tho I leader. While tho people are sottling down ono aftor another ou the lands here, our neighbors over tho water in- Tasmauia aro congratulating I themselves because their SALMON EXPERIMENTS have been crswnod with complete success. The fish has not only been seen in the Dorwont, but positively caught there ! Two specimons of tho sposies wero ehsaarod inthemo^hos cf a Beirio net, one measuring ton inches in langth and five inches in girth, and tho other only nino inches in length There is no reason in in the world to doubt that thoy wero the smoltof tho true salmon, and tho fruit of tho spawn spawned in the Dorwont. Suoh a result to their labora mast bo highly gratifying to tbo Acclimatisation Society, and thoy will no doubt how turn, in common with the public, to tho experiments being mado in the rivers of tho lddlo Island of Now Zealand by the Otago Society. , For our part, though wo have often enough had salmon ova hore, we must not, wo supposo, expect to seo real salmon over here for nooio timo ts come, an all that can bo : cau'hifor a season or so will no doubt bo ab [ sorbed into the tissues of the epiouros of the tight littlo island and hor numberless visitors. Ju^t at present hor people are jubilant because of tho briehteniag prospects of the island, and perhaps they aro justified in their most sanguiao expectations, which may bo shoroi in by U3, as the bounteous wins which foil in tho early part of last month havo relieved the apprehensions aliko of farmers and tquatters. But it was attended, wo regret to fay, -with- some evil effects also, although they may hive been only of a trr.iavout nature. I; in our painful du'y to havj ta record tho recurronco cf DISASTROUS FLOODS. . This time the peoplo of Ballarat woro the greatoat sufferers from them, although the re sidents on tho banks of the Yarra have not escaped scot froa. if. commenced t- rain in our chief mining contra early on the morning of Siturday, the 16th Octoiwr; asd bofo o tho eveniag the town was half sender water, boats plying in Bridga-streefc ins'icid of cabs. Tbo damage dono U estimated to iavo reached several thousands of pounds, and at itrst it was apprehended that several lives had boon sacri ficed. Cinncs was also 11 ndod ont, »nd at Sand hurst several claims we e inundated. Rore there was no catastrophe, however ? but at Bxl larat, in tho woik-i of '.he Northern Junction Company, we heard on thfl Monday morning a aad story of ' EIGHT MEN BUHIED ALIVE, which,- for sensationalism, rivals some of tho stcriea whioh from time ta time reaches us from tho coal minosof the north of England. The position of the claim is on low-lying ground, at the foot of tho Mount Roman and Dead Horso Ranges. On ordinary occasions tho storm waters find an easy outlet About half-past sloven oa Satt^Jay morning; howover, a terrific storm passed overhead, and tho rush of water from tho Siirges was so groat thit tho road to the Northern claim becamo almost «nddenly swampwr, and tho water reached the nwith of tho pit, at first trickliBg- down, 'hsn ccttroga channel for itself through the bob-pit, mk! at last increasing to thit extent that it carried all tha iklrit that hu near tlown the shaft vnXtk it, so that it was I almost impossible for the men to ascend. How \ovsr, farty-djfht onVof tho fifty-eight below I Qiodi3 tbeir .-.icint in safety. Oao poor fallow, named Mouni.joy, was j uuoied botweonthoeacjo and ihj root of the clumber. Djath soon put aa end to his sufferings. Another man, namod John M'Doaald, was drowno.l in tin lower level. Too ttber eight managed to make good thoir rotroat out of tho way of tho lboa to the upper level, and thora seven of them remained till midjay on Tuosdiy. Ono poor follow n.imod Wm. Smith, who hal boon cat off from hia companions, was not found till Wednesday, but he was thon alive. Tho j -y at the recovery of theso poor mon (most of whim had fam'lios' doperidont on them), may ba imagined, it certainly cannot bo described. But it wai not only the flood* which ciusod disaster on Saturd ly. theiGfiof October, for on that day, or rather iu tho night of that day thora was A MARINE DISASTER ontsido the Heads, by wh!,oh tho goad ship Victoria Towor, of fcho White Star line, camo t- hor end, wh?ro ?ho njw lies, near Bream Crook, about thiriy miles from Goolong Sho. loft Liverpool oh Iho 21th Ju'y, ami mado the land on tin loth Ojtobsr, when sho ciujht up to. and kept company with, tho Abordoon clipper Moravian. Tha weather thii5keucd as nigh-i approached, but no anxiety was felt for tho safety of tho ship till sho struct.; Tho passoTgors wo-o gji on shoro s'jorj nfior daylight, and n young lady named Lidbttter, tho rlrwgh'or of that captain who sived thp Sw.u-thmore, as many in EngUad will reaiombor, roany years ag), distinguished horsolf by tho heroism sho showai in saying tho lives of hor sisters, who with her woro precipitated from tho life boat in whioh they wore ondoavoringto roach tho shoro into tho surf. . .The Stsam Navigation Board, aftor inquiring~mto the cauios which led to tholosiof lliOsHip? gavo their decision as follows:- 'The offiJUl oourt of inquiry, after deliberating- on tho evidonco taken in tho case of tho loss: of th* .Victoria Tower, is of opinion thi»t the Iors (Jf-Hip ship is attributable to tho defanlt of Captain Korr, ho not. having under iln circumstances of tho case and tno stato of tho woather, sooner hauled tho ship to tho S.E. on tha starboard ta.k, and, further;, for not having got an occasional cast of -hi load to vorify his position. Tho Court, taking into consideration the long sorvico and good charac tor of Captain Korr, dosiro to pass a loaiont sontonoo, and horeby suspend his cortifioato for a poriod of six calendar months from this dato. Tho hu'k nnd ou-go wero sold by the under writora, and as tho weather has boon fino, the purchasers will doubt'ess mako a good thing of it Scareoly had wo reo rvorod from tho eilJCts of this calamity, whoa tho nows reached us of THE BURNING OF THE LIGHTNING to the water's edge. This far-famed old Black Ball ship was lying in Corio Bay, loading wool for London. Early on the morning of Sunday she caught fire, and, despite the strenuous efforts of her captain, officers, and crew, as- sisted by the local fire brigndes and a number of volunteers, in little more than twenty-four hours all that was left of her was a few charred timbers, burning like torches above the water, and casting a lurid glare around. The cargo on board was mostly wool, and was, we believe, insured. It is supposed that the wool in the lower hold will be saved. but even then the loss will amount to something like £70.000. An inquiry into the causes which led to the fire was held last Wednesday, when the jury returned a verdict that the ship Lightning was destroyed by fire; that it did not originate from spontaneous com- bustion, and that thre was no evidance to show how it occurred, but that it first appeared in the boatswain's store-room, and the captain and officers did all in their power to save the ship. In strange opposition to the verdict was the evi- dence of Mr Roger Kelsall, who said he saw wool lying on the wharf that was not fit to go into any ship, it was so damp. This affects the whole of the maritime interests, and should be seen to. Writing of these reminds us that a number of gentlemen met on the day the last mail left, for the purpose of giving a BA.NQUET. TO GENERAL LATHAM at tho Criterion HoW. This goatoman has roprosantod tho United States of America, atnongst us for some years, nnd during that timo ho won for himself tho esteem of tho poople of Molbourno by his kind and courteous rnannor. Tho banquet was, however, ia some degreo marred by tho vanity of tho now Chief Secretary, who was present, and who conducted himself on the occasion as if the entertainment had been got up in hi. honor, instead of tint of the de parting guost, to tho combined amusoment and Sisgustof tho sensible raon in tho community. Nevertheless, General Latham tack with him tho bost wishos of all who woro thrown into con tact with him horo for his futuro wolfaro. -.But it is timo now wo returcod to tho ono subject whish lias attracted tho attention cf the colony of Victoria paramount^ sinco tho mail loft, and that is tho great event, of tho yoar in the racing world, tho contest for THE MELBOURNE CUP, which camo off on Thursday last, m tho pre sonco of from thirty to forty thousand spoctators. Twonty-six horses started, and amongst theso woro representatives from Now South WaloH and bouth Australia, bosidos our own equino cracks. It was oxpected that Manuka would talcs part in tho contost, but, unfortunately for tho prospects of Ise.v Zealand, ho went wrong tbo vory morning of the race and hal to bo scratched. Of tho twenty. six, tho first favorito was tho winner of the Metropolitan, Circa-bian, and on tho course ho was froely backed evou at tho short odds ottoro I against him by tho bookmakers, 2 to 1. Traver ton was the rest favorito at 6 to 1. thon camo Shoet Anchor, Salom Sendder and Warrior at 8 to 1, and Strop, Alb.tny and Aurora at 100 to 0. From tho3O tho winnorturnod outto bo Warrior, who won in hU own timo. Ho U tho property i of Mr Saqui, a bookaiakor, and it is said that his owrcr clears £10,00) by tho win. Monk, an outsider, novor hoard of in tho betting, oxcept at 1000 to 5, which soino bold sport did actually take, wo believe, was sooond, aud Mr Loo's Pbcobe (a Sydney mare) third. Circassian never oamo into tho raco at ail, and it is now said that ho was amiss. Warrior was ridden by Morrison, aud on tho Saturday previous ho' had. the honor of btnoring M- Fisher s colt Charoa to victory in tho Darby. Wo believe suoh a win has novor been soorod by a jockey bofdro in this hemisphere in so short a timo. Oatsido tho raceoursa wo hivo had at THE THEATRES i pJonty of amusomont. and some considerable sensation. ? At tho Royal Horr B ndmanu has ippoarod as Shylock, Othello, Tago and Claudo Uolnotto with very fair success. Ho has jeen oxooedingly well supported by Miss Rose 3vans. who. bv tor intollicront acting, is makintr for hor=elf hosts of warm friends amongst us. At tho old Hayraarkot, which has boon opened by Messrs Harwoid and Co , Mr Wank Drew has appeared as Rip Van Winkle. He played the part admirably, but as ho W03 vory badly Bupportod, and as tho pioco' was thrown on tho stage in a disgraceful min ner, tho sensation of which wo spoak wa : provided at tho Thoatro Royal, whoro in the play of ' Othello' ifcrr Bandmaan accident illy stabbod tho lady who was plajiag Emilia to him in tho last fc^no of tho pioco. Tho lady fell prone to tho stage in hysterical screams, and it booh bocamo apparent that, as was at first thought, she was not acting. Herr Baodmvin, who Boomed himsolf uttorly unnerved, raised her in his arms, and called to tuo audience to ' fetch a dootor immediately ' A medical man, who was in tho dress circle, was quickly on tho stage, and, as ho found that the lady was not dangerously wounded, the oxcitomont of the audionce, which by this timo was in- 1 tense, was quieted by Mr Harwoo'.l, who oxmo in front to announoo tho fact of] tho lady's safoty. Thii announcement was received with immense choers. ft scorned that Hsrr Cindraann h-d nsod a sword be bad brought with him from England, and which ho bad neglected to bluut, as is customary imongst ac+ors. He was earnest in his profes sions of syinyathy, and uon-j will bo moro glad to ioar thst M ss Bot?ring appears on tho stage igain this evening than himsolf. Ja OTHER AMUSEMENTS there ia not much to record. Tha Weston Troupe of Minstrels havj gone to tho country districts for a month, ani ia tho mean w hi o the hell is fillodby a Mr Chapman, wizard and spiritualist, as ho styles himself. Mr Holier has arrived hore from .Sydney, whero he playtd a splendid engagement, undor Mr Goo. Coppin'a management, of two months. Ho in to appear at the Apillo Hall, and pubHa cu iosity is on tho ijui vice about him. This much for the turf and our in-door amusements. Wo rojrct that outside ths first of thoso thoro is littlo prospect of ' OUR FIELD SPORTS prospering tbii season. From tho nows which arrived by telegram last month it was fully ex pected that beforo Christmas wo should see nn all England olovon horo, but a letter from Mr Sh'osmith has dissipated thoso hopes, and wo uow know that wo must wait for another season at least beforo wo got thorn. Tho weather, also, has not boon favuruble to cricket, and as a con Bequoncc nono of bur club matchoj hive come off. This reminds us that THE METEOROLOGY OF THE MONTH ha? beoa of a rather romarkablo naturo, and as it has been kindly furnished to ns by Mr Ellery, tho Governmfl.t Astronomer, we snbjoin it: — Tho weather daring tho month ot October wns gene rally dull and showery, with some intermittent fine ani pleamnt days, particularly in tho muldli and towards the ead of tho month. An unusa il araonut of rain foil, tha largest oil recotd idnoe 1853 ^to- \iaeh year tho rnoords extend), and n3ar!y 5 inches abovo tho avoracro for tint period; on tha 17th. 3 inches of rain fo 1 in 'J\ hours, causing tho Yarra to ovorlb.v its bnuks. and invwdivting tho low-lying groiui Is round Mo!bo»rae. Tin mo-in temperature is ih? l^nc^t recorded 6inco ls-53, a;ul 2 do4roos b.low tbo average for that poriod, aad the moan humidity ia tho h'ghost, whil? the moan forcj of wind is considerably bolow t'.io avorago. Tho hig'iost tomper.iiuroja tho shade, S3 dog. wasregi torcd on tho afternoon of tho 15th aud 22cd, tho low-, est S7 dog. on tho oariy miMing cf thj 11th: tho h'ghest pressure of air 30 335 inch oojurre I on tho morning of tho 2ti(l with a light wostarly brccza; tbo lowest 2i).2S5 inch on tiio afternoon. of the 7'h- during a strong north wind. Throughout tho mouth freQ'iont tl Actuations oc curred ii tho prosauro of air. Tiio e'.octric con- ? dition of the ntmosphoro was of vory anrll positive tension generally, but subject to suddm disturbances, mostlvof no'g.Vire ten- ion, ospe- ' dully on tho 7th, Sth, DA, liilh, 22ud, 23r«J, 25th, 2oth and 27th. Thunderstorm* occurred on tho afternoons of tbo 2 ?nd ani 27th, with rain and hail on tho latter day. Tho oiouio re action w is of tho averago amoujit, and w: s pro itor on t'lo Cth and 17th in both' u isas. w. tl) _ IS W. wiml and r.iin. Tho prevailing direoti n of tho wind was from S.W. and W., and t- o wind was geuoraliy moderate ; tho strougojt ? broczi3 oucurrod on tho 7th, 11th, Vith arid 17th ; tho irroat:st hourly relocity was 37 mi!cr, : and ocourrod from 8 to 9 a.m. on tho l'2th, with tho wi-d froai S.W. Lnnar halo? wor-» ; soon on tho oroning'3 of the 13th, 14th, 15th ard 22nd. Tho rasm tqmpor.Uuro uf air is 2 dot.' bolow tho avorago far the last olovon years ; tl a . moan pressure of air, 0 0CI inch bolow the av-- rasre for tho last olovoa years: tho moan hv midity of air, 00/ abovo tho average far the la.t eleven yoars. Tha t^tal raiuf.i'.l, 1 931 iucu abovo' tho avorago for tho last olovoa years. While, as is monttonod abovo, tho run j -r part of our population hss boon giving itself up unrc» sorvedly to amusemout, tomo of out- men of commerce havo had their h\nds full of matters of serious import. Tha half- yoarly mooting of ? THG COLONIAL BANK ,!| was hold on tho 25th of OoL-oborl This mooiirg had boon anxiously lookod for, as i; was leuown that tho bank was to a CJnsidoraMo ottout in volvod in tho nff vir3 of Air Hugh G'rus, ouo of our squatting priucos, who is said to hivo boon in difficulties for some years. The not profits for tin half year woro se down at £15,S73, including balance car-' ried to profit and losw, new aooount, £8931 Tho ropDrfc said that no dividend was declared, owing to tho suspension of paymont of a oon stituent who hai hid largj transactions with tho bank since its comma icemont inIS5S Attho! same timo tho direct jrs announced that tho bank hold lariro socuritios for tho ndv.wr.as mnAr. tn this coniti-.r.ent, and thoir realisation was pro grossing satisfactorily. Tho gonoral business of tho hmd oflioo and branches was going en well. ' Tho auditor,' spocial report also .=tt' forth that they had carefully cratnineil tho socuritios hold hy tho bank in detail, and woro of opinion that a sound judgment had boon ? oxorcisod in respect to thorn, niid that thoy would amply covor all liabilitias. During an amicable dobato which onsuod, on th motion proposod by tho hou. Johu O'dhanassy for tho adoption of tho rjport, it transpired that Mr Glass's liabilities to tho bank woro, on tbo 30th Soptombo-, 1801. £1S8,6O8; on tho IU't March, 18S-1, £210,0u'G. ami at tho timo if ? stoppacro, £223,000. It was osplainod ngaintt this that Rinco tha d*to of stonpigo a sum of £75,OJ0 had boon roalised on tho 8ooi.irili3s, nnl that tho realisation w;w still jfMnjr on. So tho bank aftor so mo further talk passed almost soathol. ss through tho ordo.xl, which was a sovoro ono for it. The aff xirs of another corporato body havo also occupied ft Kroat do\l of publics attention. Tho now* of tho failure of THE EUROPEAN ASSURANCE CJUPANY roooivod by tologrnm last mail, caused tho policy hoUors who rosido in tho colony to tike stor s for tho protecti'ja of their hterosls A Jargo mooting wjs hold, and notico wisgivonto tho. local directors not to pa t with any of tho assefs undor thoir control. Aftor soma doliboiation tho board issuod a circular to thi policy hoi -Ion?,'- in which thoz stated that tho nows receive it by tologram had takoa thorn outiroly hy surprise and that they anxiously awa:'fc tho arrival of tho onsuing mail with a hopo that it would discloso a moro favorablo aspeot ol! affairs ? than thi present ' pnblic intoliigmco would indicate.- They had mibmitted a state ment of thetv 'ftlfiirs to cOuiieoI, aa.l had dote; minod to bo guMod by that opinion. Tir.t opinion was Uvititwas tho duty of tho direc tors to discontinue tho busiuoss of tho socioly Hi far as thoy could till thoy obtained further in.' formation, and that it w.is not in thoir powor to: place tha colonial ussots undor tho control cf tho1 soloiiial policy holders. So the matter rest-, : uid furthw nows is nnxionsly loolted for. 