THE MINISTERIAL ELECTIONS The result of the polling for Crowlands, Bipon, and Hampden, and Villiers and Heyteshurj.peached us ty telegraph on Saturday night, andlTipsTonmtilngWe~iateIIigerco"Sr immediately issued. As was anticipated, Mr Rolfe gained a Tery decisive victory at Crowlands, but not more decisive than the Attorney- General in Villiers and Heytesbury. The returns from Hipon and Hampden which came to hand on Saturday night gave a majority of more than a hundred to Mr Longmore, but this majority has since T)een reduced to 43, with; three small returns still not taken into account,' There appears no reason to apprehend, however.: that Mr LongmoTe'sre- electionis at all doubtful. • We append the results of the three elections, premising that the returns are incomplete, for Crowlands and Bipon, - and. Hampden:— Crowlands—Eolfe, 1126; Byrne, 627°; majority for Bolfe, 499.' Bipon and "Hampden— Longmore, 678; Poole. 535 ; majority for Longmore, 43. ' Villiers aind Heytesbury— Macdonnell, 737; Murphy, 378; majority for Maedonnell, 359. It is said that Mr Lawrence Bourke will probably resign his seat for Kilmore, to afford sin opening for the Treasurer, Mr Byrne. At the close of the poll at Maryborough on Thursday evening, the Hon, James M'Kean, in addressing the electors, said it would be his earnest aim topopulaiise the land measure of the colony. All that he could do to settle the people on the lauds he would do, and he would treet every free selector liberally and every squattes generously.. Both classes were entitled to their consideration. There was another iuterest of paramount importance in Victoria— the mining interest. Having been a practicsl digger himself he knew their position. Tney had his sympathies and everything that could be done' to assist mining would be ione.by bim and his colleagues. He felt that he owed a debt of gratitude. to his friends for rallying round him on that occasion. He could assure them that the, policy, of . the Ministry would be a truly progressive and Liberal policy. (Cheers.) They would endeavour to cany the best measures of the late Administration to a successful termination, and they would then come before the country with a liberal and progressive policy. How Mr M'Eean proved rather more than a match for his opponent at Carisbrook is'thus told by the Maryborough Advertiser-.—" Mr M'£ean fairly turned the political tables on his: opponent, Mr Saniuels, at a meeting held at! Carisbrook on Monday night. The latter gentleman bad announced by advertisement that he intended to address the ; electors • at that place, but, so far as Maryborough was concerned he omitted to state that Mr J.M. Grant would be present, and'stump-it in-his favour. A bellman was sent round Carisbrook. at the last moment toJnform the inhabitants that the ex- Minister of Lands would 'show Mr M'Eean up.'. Tt happened however, that -the. secret was : co'nvcyed.-tu Mr M'Keanilwh'b at the time was' on the point of haranguing the;«lectors at! Maryborough the aame ierening.-' vOn discovering the tactics resorted to, Mr M'Sean postponed his address, and with a number of Ifiiends sped to Carisbrook in one of Cobb's ^niches to meet Mr Grant face to face. Mr M'Kean arrived! just as Mr. Samuels was finishing his address, and remarkably enough, just at a juncture at which one of the electors, in playful badinage, exclaimed, " Give ns Hamlet's Ghost., Sammy.' At that momemt.Mr M*£ean unexpectedly appeared in the room. In "an instant there wasi the wildest "excitement, and' cheer after cheer went up as a greeting The chairman and Mr Samuels were both nonplussed,"arid the" "threatened vtab'in 3he (dark was. averted^ a Mr Grant who was on the doorstep_ of the hall .outside lacked the courage to come, forward and speak. Mr Samuels "tendered a feeble apjogy for the disappointment, and, ttpder the circumstances, Mr M'Keari refrained from taking'advsnUgeW his position and addressing tlie elector*, intimating that he was.only present to defend himself. Immediately afterwards Mr M"K.ckn atarted for" Maryborough, and was in time to address the electors from the balcony of the Commercial Hotel'" ' - \- A portion of tlie released Fe..ims r will .lerurn to Englan.l from TSydney by thcfirsts;.i;>, and tile others are ieavii.g for Ca iCoruia.. 