ITEMS NEWS. » u a n-a. h-/ The time for sending in tenders for tho works of water supply in connection .with; Castlemaine,', Sandhurst, and Geelong, lias been extended from the 2nd; to tlib 9tk inst'.r j t 3 !) . | Yesterday, from an early hour, a furious gale swept ovor tiio district._ The destruction of fruit must be great, and,tlio servioes.of the bricklayer, carpenter, and glazier, Iwill'bh mhch' in requisi tion to repair the damage done to dwellings. A iuff criokot, match— Borough„Councillprs y ex-Borougli Councillors-I-is likely; to take place. Not'speiffing irrverently'.tho game will probably pnrtaka:laraqly- of -thoolemont :)iiuted .at,in7its : name,' 'but novertheless.provo(I highlyj attractive.. The object will bo the benefit of tho local clink Aliiii/O- WuJ oJiikf /iA 0' The Chewton and Sandliurst directors .of the Burns Beef ' Company,' Chewton', ' met'1 at ' the Five4>Iiiqns Hotel on Monday,- to. eleot a- worldng ' manage1' There"' were twonty-ifbhr'applicatiohs- accompanied , by iestimonipls, some..,of/ thopi, of a very high Gliaraoter! Thb dectioh 'resulted, ip' Mr Thomas Burge being appointed. ' At the last meeting of the Newsteadsliire Council Cr Kir wan expressed, a hope, that all the local bij(fiesr-w£>uld makesup tlie'.ambunts.paid by- them for the removal "of lunatics. The aggregate' amount would be so great that the Government would be bound to adopt some plan to lighten the burden or remove it altogether. The suggestion of Cr Kirwan is- ono -which should be acted on. , We have-received the " Colonial Monthly"; fipf, hlarcli. „rT.wq. pr,.tliree. more , .chapters,, pf ''Lorigr; Odds'!''7disciose . stLll- m6ro cteai'lyi.-the villainy of Cyril and Dacre. The " Blunders of Benevolence " professes1 to reveal the origin of the - movement f for - the Alfred rHospitaL t-TJie ''TPrccious Btpnes of Ilhdia;'' a sketch pf l'Dun-: -edin,'" ' audit paper 6ri"tlte " Ovens'"Water Supply Scheme," in whioh Mr Chrtetophersou is severely handled. On Saturday- last a cricket matoli /pi-as played between the'Newstead and- Clydesdale '-clubs, on the ground of tho former.. The Newstead men first handled tho > wi.Uow,; and;the last .wicket.fell \- for.a tqtabof jTJ. of which. Brown.. contributed ,20' arid Howlistonl?. Tho Clydesdhlo meii then went ,to, the wickets, andrmacte' ,'the very gqod score 'of 'fid; thiiB1 winning 'by '7 riins.' 'Mr '.VV.' Pj Higgins; by- very gbdd play, made the 'top scote of the day 34. .i'i: ,i: .:'i' . i-i ; 1- v-'y-'i b . !i:Th(j" prisoner ' wlio ' escaped ' from Constable M'Briarty near Yaugban, did not miike'use. of "Ms.aoquiredf liberty to alter'liisiVays. It Appears Aliat he riiade across: theAcuhtry-ito. the. :Ballarat side, and at a place called ;by the Chinese black ..saud.diggings, in the neighbpqrhqci.of Ballarat,' 'was convicted of "a robbery' he 'eommitteclj there, ! and sent to gaol for twelve montUs,' ' Tlie police' t authoiaties iil.Ci0nay,fiq)irosumhd,t stdpi. (at Yaiighah; hlkAanaddiriohAl'oue./Jroseaping from legal custody. , . -. iv ! ;. rThe:manager;pf ;therMaldon Garriek.ciub lias received the following letter .from the President 'of; 'the Mechanics' Institute 'it Newstead lu Mech'iriics'' Institute) ' Newstead'," Feb'.' 2fitli,; 1809\. Gentlemen of the Maldon1 Gamok Club.' Dear Sirs, — O11 behalf of the Committee of this' Institute" I beg tVret'urn youimoat- hehrty thanks' for the , very , handsome way in which you re-: sponfied' te puf reqabst for assistance. Tile enter-; iainment'you 'so- ably :put hdfbrb 'the'NeWste'a'di people hasrhad the double effect of gratifying our' citizens and replenishing our -exchequer. Be: pleased- then individually and. bolleotively to ac-| copt our thanks and best- wishos for 'a prosperous ; career in your-laudnible: efforts to hold tho niirrorj up to nature. I am yours1 Very truly, Ghats-; topher Jobson, President." Tlte Bbrouglf Cbiiricilt have' resolved', fo bring! under the notice of the Mining Board the rieces-i sity.ofjmakiug proper proyisjou to obviate. as far! as possible the |inrsting..bf water, dam banks, aiid! the overflow, of sludgb charinols. whoro eitlier the onoAr tlio other is liable to cause injury "to pri-1 vatb'hi public property It is a featiite of the' by- laws, of, the Board that while they provide fori the protection of dams for' the mirier, tliere is no provision for the protection of, the public, and so! in<ithe.:case of sludce . drains. -1 The -framimr nfi regulations for the bursting of dams in certain localities; would necessitate; -.the appointment; of- an officer to see thom corried. out. The mining: surveyors could be called.onto perform this duty,! and tfteir miserUble'salaries increased. - remedy j however, could bo found by increasing the power: of -the local governing bodies on tho .various gold- fields') so as to enable them to cope with the pre- \ sent cause-of; complaint.; .At all . events early action! is necessary) ' j .. .:The pojition of town clerks is one which -liaajofl late received atten tion from tlib press, and there j is astrong opinidritliafcthese functionaries should be placed) in a fifmei; position tliari sbmbtimes! 'attabherito their office. '' They should be removed from the sphere "of; influences of j party strife, i' which ' is found more or less in all local bodies,! arid not be entirely dependent on-the majority of i .tltfi<vbodvi liOUf: — .-""Tho—niibHft Innn -rn- > Burbot -for' the represe'ritativo' 'of a Counoil wlion: they see him. bandied; about like a shuttlecock,! and attacked ' by Avbrylinanoouvrb to injuro him,! although his assailants", are unable .to bring: an j accusation, against bim; ., Not long ago wo ob-i jser.ved ,in,ono. of tbo files of our exchanges tho ! repori'tliat at acbrtairi Borough Cpuricilnibotliig it was told -in vory" forcible language by '0110 of the! body, who, was standing in the -breach for their 'town ' clerk- that he could prove that tlio officer1 was the ,i victim- of /a,; conspiracy., ,.. That one tradesman of the borough riot in the Council, and to whom a coming man:wa.S:iudabted,;jyas pulling tho j stpngs/tojgetjhis debt paid, and pity a grudge hp owed ' tlie "town, clerk at tho samo timej-I'-Tlibn lie'oharged t'Wb!of'tlie members of! working;.'into the blinds of: tho .outsider, -lor pro! cisely ,& .similar object . for himBelfr :. The . facts ; weretebarcel'y'dbnioa, and 'the' result of the' expo-! sure was, that tliq majority of: theGquijoil stood by. the town clerk, and the ratopayofs, feeling, in- ; dinDliifc' at ' subli'-dddging, ' supported them. -Wo! havo been reminded" of this oircumstanco, not! that it is abblic'ahle'-' inore than the nriiioinle in-! volved, by the position of - tho - town clerk at! Guildford, i Whose- modest salary i of £130 a year: ;for his multifarious duties of town clorli, sur-! voyor, valuerr rate-eollector, reyenuo inspector, and also- inspector - of riuisfin'oes, inprospect is! said to bo too 1 well paidk It' would bo as well," perhaps;,' . if., rivhori snob issues, corno before n: public body; a fixed . majority | wgro necessary. : Tho fcoling that some suoli provision is noccs-' Sary lias caused, tho principle to bo admitted that where tho 1 proposed; chango 'depohds' on tlio casting votb of tho chairriiau, it is expected to bo: given against alteration. The prosont President of tlio Maldonshiro Counoil Aliopted.tliid c'o'lirso, a short tirrio agd,' iiuil liis explanaliori to his .con-: siitueutsgave entire satisfaction. j ' " j C' A nugget weighing twdniy pounds Iwas-lqund at tho Berlin rush, InglowoOd, on Tuesday)'. < 7: The new Land Bill will bo introduced imme diately before tlio Easter recess, so that hon. -members may -havo ample timo-to consider- tlie- provisions of tho measuro. before it comog on for idisbuesion. . . iv': . !";'' !,. -. . Tho inmates "of tlio Gedlong Hospital werp on Monday rogalod with an abundant supply of > rabbits, Mr Austin, of Barwon Park, having presonted to that institution, 100 -brace .of. tliosd killed by.;H.R:H.. tho)D,ukb bf, Edinburgh; rind party on Friday and Saturday last. j Mr J. O'Louglilin, barrister, was on Tuosdaj' ordered by tho Bench' to. be Bent to the Yarra Bend ias an insane'; person, > says the Advertised. Tho unfortunato gontleman practised liis profesj- sion ohi Sandhurst ifpr .- several j-Jears. rindn then proode'tied to try, his" fortund iri 'Ndw Zealand. H)o . did -not meet with .suocoss ..there,, pnd, lately retbihw'to rSaridlinrst," but' utterly wrbeked in idy and mind, 7, ff0. 0 j j Currenoy was given on Tuesday afternoon, says the Telegraph, to a report that r the, honourAf knighthood was r to bo conferrod' oii' Mr George Iligiritiolbamkbht on 'inquiry we could not trach it to any . reliable Bource. Tho only decoration 'wiii'eh-is kriowri1 at present to have been conforred upoq any Victorian colonist is that, bestowed oii I)r MuelleW tiie notificaiibri of whioh was trans) mitted to liim direct from the Colonial' Office, and not' through His Excellency the Governor— -- wAircrimsiarice wliiolii lids given rise Io somecom- iirieni. V We (Advertiser) heard a rumour which was current in Sandhurst on Tuesday— but we sdarcely credit its triithfulnoss— tliat'His Royal Highness the Dukcof Edinburgh has been com- missioned by IJoi- ATajoaty to confer tho "npw praor. or rvaigmuooa on tu.o loiiowmg uuruuna . — Tho'hbri. Mr M'Cullooli. Chief Socrdtnry ; Mr Butters, ox-Mayor of -Mplbourno ; - Mr Do Bruce Jolinstone,' exrMayov-'of 'Gedlodg';' "Messrs Sten; field, and. Davy,,. ex- Mayors of .Baliarat East and West; rind Mr John M'ltityre,1 ex-Mayor of Sandhurst. ; (\ i T ; A one-twentieth share in the 'Melbourne and Bftllnrat' Glaes Bdttlei'Compariy-iwas sold on Tuesday at £15 premium. The company expect 'to commence work in a few days, when they an ticipate' turning 'but' fifty'or isiktji fbsribf.SoSa- wqter bottles jiJ week ; hnt. when.tlie works have 'bsefi- Bomb'- timo djijldpeitibn, ttri'd '- fliWlempfope become tlfororighly .conversant yvitli lieir various weekly. It is intended at presont to confine tho j inatiufaoturia to " tho bottle ; tr ade but Afterwards work of. a finer "description will, be attempted.' v During /the shearing,: 6fia::ohrirge.'against All Glioong, a Chinnman.-at -Sandburst, on Monday; ' Mr. Sbiress/assayer at tlie 'Brink of 'New -'Sbuth Walbsi'gavri some - very interesting' evidence -re- s'pbctihg tlie mariiifaqture bf Aprinons/gqlff bYtlie ' Celbstials;'- 1 'He says .(repbrt's 'thb ' jihdepehden.t) that they,.ijvpre In.' tlie habit of ' p.uicliasing "books of .gold-leaf ftprri the' painters,: arid making, .load into.a grariulated form,, which they covered witli gum wateri, aridftlibn'.rilibbk' it !up- in <a! bottle of bag' with .the gold'leaf,- turning out .to all appear ance, in.the, words .of; tlio prisoner, -""welly good gold.",.;,v:Ui:j;ia .71 Apropos of tlie Barwon /Park battne wb learn froiri a local- correspondent of the Register- that "Mr E. Yorko is 1 evideritly'a goodmrirksnlan, but it was' a'ckriowledged" on' all Jiands lliat-His Royal Highness .excelled; ; , In, tlib' excitement"' of tho affair-itwoi gbntlbmaii ' forgot to act with ne cessary pfudenob.' i Oris Of them was firing at a rabbit in-ri lirio ; witli His Rojjal Highness, and "soine'shpt'struck' his liat.-' "The other was sbme distance in advance' of 'jtlie iliiiej /arid fired hack'- at A rabbit .that" wari Vunriing, in front of . the "line; arid struck'/some of I'.'tUe ".beaters/ ./Nothing sq- ,rious,hbwbver.happencd,,and,.theday,8nainuse- :. merit ,' progressed. - to .tlio .Aatisfaqtibri, of" qyory- ' hody.'.', ,-.7 ' ' ' ' " ' " .i .! .-:-i : ,Accor)dihg;,tO'„local;,i;eports..q.uito-a"BOod7Sizbd biktcli of ''AlUury.' i-bsldehts, 'pilgrim-fathers ' And single monv vill soon "start for.the.Fiji Islands; and the fact seonis to liavo inspired the Albnry .Banner /-with -sanguine : ideas .ofl annexation. " The last -news' reports homesteads destroyed, rind -native Iriborirers on plantations tbmrihawked by their; copper-coloured relatives : " but we are .informed on. good, authority that the particular Islands' to' /Which) tUe /Albury people Are bound "have not been the scerie.bf any, sripli 'outrage/ ; 'It ivpuld .bo well . to , agitate; lor) the' aririekatibri of tliesb -fine islands,, as, an outlbt, . for ..Australian pi.o'duce1whilbth'Gy,arb,avnilribIo.!.)Byr!lasfil;ad- 'vicps t the Government of the United,, ,$trite's -speaks of tlio annexation of tlio Sandwich Is-, lands at, ' a matter" which mnst assuredly come to pass at no distant day,'. and it is not likely that America) would' stop short of the Fijis if she once gbts A position in the South'; Pacifio." , A correspondent of tho Bendigo Independent relates the" following painful incident, which he witnessed 'on Sunday last at Spring Creok: — " Having occasion to call on an old acquaintance he tapped at the door, and a faint voice .desired him to go round to the back. Ho did so, and espying a 'door half open he wont in, when his eye rested upon a coffin. Behind the door, sit ting towri with his head resting upon his .hands, was a. man emaciated and almost ghost-like in appearance.',) To! tho gentleman's ' sympathising inquiry the man .replied that ho had buried his wtfA n. f«tv rlnvn nrAvtmioIv Ilia aalnn in 1»A room contriine'd the remains of; his, sob, and llmt he felt tlirit in A few days lie should himself .'drift out.to that unknown sea which is round "all th'e .world/',,), He, ascribed- the death/of. his wife ,opd; son, rind his , own illness, to the effect, of.'in- holing the all-pervading rind horrible .dusti, of .the diggings, and our informant says7that theiast time ho saw hia acquaintance (a few weeks ba'eltl 'lie was as halo and as lieiirty a man As'he -would wisli'tosee;-"/ ':;,'i-T r.i-iUr,: A:, .--i-niw. !».ri.n ./'./Priedriesday last two men lylid.teere seeking emplpymbnt ;balled at Noil .Black's' station, /pud -there tliey, had their, supper, And. tea.) /They/iyere quite,,- sober wlibn they , arrived, , and., nothing .peculiar was-notieed in , theirihabits or manner until the- following morning; when' about nine o'olock tliey were observed lying on the ground, writhing in agony;! and shortly afterwards one f\f f.linm< rllnil Tlin.nihnw - hmnM t1> n VVHW4J UUIU VUO DtlUUUl ui tlio two,' 5 lingered on and suffered great torture fbr. sbirio. hours, when lib too died. An inquest tvris hqldpri thd bodies oil' Friday. arid Saturday. On Friday Dr Hinclicliff eat a's coroner, arid Dr. A.ustin ' performed A post mortem, Arid 'gave his opinion, 'tis a. medical man, that the, deceased died from natural causes. Our informant, Mr Short, -.the Crown, Lands baliff, who sat as 0110 of tlio jury, expressed , his dissatisfaction iat the con clusion to whioh Dr Austin had arrived ; and tho result in - the oiid was,1 that tho stomachs 'of the unfortunate 'mori ivero forwarded to) tlib Govern ment analyst, and tho inquiry into, the .earise bf death. will, be kept open till Monday, next when' the. jury will again moot at , Terang., It'is ' sup-, ,'ji'dsed by maiiy porsons tlirit a cask of Arseriioril water iised in , sheep-Vyashing 011 iho statiori had berin' carelpssly left exposed, arid tlirit tfie men' lirid taken a drink froin it, believing it to bo puro: wator. . , . : . : A singular onso of attomptod suioido is roportod to have taken place on board tbo s.s. Ruahine, during her lost voyage from Panama. A passenger named TJftnrl.n«v. ft1?,nnmn ntililmlifi nviMfc. nnri nftnvnnmi rptirod to his cabin,: complaining ofilidispositioii. Oii tfie' iiirgeon attempting to enter ho1- found tho door, looked ; -And as no rosponso was made to liis repeated kilbekings lie had tho door forced, when ho found Cbiirtrioy lying on the floor with liis throat; out from! ear to car, and witli another wound in his nrmj Prompt; riibasuros ivoro taken to ' arrest the' flow of; blood; Tlio captain Urns, howovor, obliged to conllrio: 'thi unfortunato inrin in irons to provont him ' fromi fonririg'tliom open again. .' Hois now in An hbtolin; Welbngfon) in his senses, nnd in fair way to recover.; Ho sriys the, Attempt wiri caused by a pbciilirir drOttm! ho1 lirid a nigfit br'two prbvioiisly. On eiamiriibg liis papors, drafts were found for £3000) storlirtg, bbsKlosj a'.Iai-go quantity of gold uiider ' his pillow. ',A/will was Also found of n'rery rocoiit'date, leaving, jail) his:| offebtsto thri Bishop of Lancaster, England.:' /Gnb of tho : nicies of tfie mail van attached to tbo Inst train from Baliarat to- Molbourno on Monday evening, bbcrimo so boated that at Geelong tbo mail boxes bad to bo removed to anothor carriage. A ratkor peculiar onso of. obtaining goods. jmdor falso prbtences, sriys tho Star, boourrod on Tnosday; Wm. M'Sliano, a baker, wont into tho liotel of Mr Edward Archibald, in Armstrong-street, and asked for dinner; - It was given bim; but -whon :askod',forra shilling fie would ;not: pay (anything) Hb was' accordingly givon .into tfie custody of tbo polico. ' '.;rf jl 1 I.).!) ; " ' („-j,Ve, ,fitar, ..understand that - tho.- volunteers' who ' Visit Baliarat), should >tho contemplated rCviow.take place, will not- only :bo warmly iroceived by their companions In. Arms : of . this district, but are to bo liberally entertained1 both in creature comforts and amusements. A substantial breakfast is to be prb- .vidediifor. them upon the arrival' of tbo :train," ana after/tho reviow .a oold repast with abundaueorif igood thiDgs.- -.In the evening thoro;will be-a,oqnoort( and dramatic eutertainment in tho Alfred Hall,;, to -finiahjwith adaUco,; to whioh all etrangora' iu uui- .Jorm are to.be admitted free., i: --.-' Some Molbourno wag bos boon posting up tbo WnggaWaggn Express about the latest ccceriti-ioitios of our dramatic friend Tomfinsori :-7-" Thot/oibiiiont trigodian and- talcntod olobutioniat, Mr |Wnlter 'Moritgbincry, : is lurkirig 'obout Obllids'strboli Aoiidy to pounco upon 'bis dear boy ' and mako' him' the advertising, medium of his next thoatnbril porfprmj. ariSbJ" It is' prifritbly rumoiirbd, however,)' that H.R.H, has sent a tqlogram, informing A' resident uoro buub 11 juuutguiuurj' 10 buuruj x suuii uui uwp 'for 0 fow idriys.'. I cannot vouch for the triitli of this statoniprit, arid do not suppose that H)R.H. .troubles jiis royal head oboiit tho E. T. and T. E." , ,. .A/point of considerable importance , in reference to fraud summonses was , raised at;. the. Creswick Police-court on . 2nd March, in, tho- ease of Magill and jCoghlau v. W. Flanagan, when Mr O'.Dee, lor tlio defendant, argued that as in conformity witli ths.IOth section of tbo Tmprisonmoht 'for Debt uiuvuuu tuc uwvu m \,oaca ui uuuu rkluuiuuo uiuau act judicially, and also ns accordiug to: tho Justices of Poaco Statute tbo bench had no -jurisdiction bo- youd twelve months, 1 so therefore ' in any case ill which the magistrate order had not been acted ori for twelve-niontUs, a o'orirt of petty sessions would have uo jurisdiclion to dcal with it. Mr Dowiing1, '.P.M,;i-ruled that - the .objection waB- fatal aiid ditf missed the dasO. ; ' ' ' ; ' I At a ineoting of brink mahagora and directors hold 'iri' MrilBoufno 'duriug last week, it . was/doeidod ,to lower tho rata of interest on fixed deposits, and Alsb tj lower tho rates of discount.' ' Tho interest to bo allowed on deposits frbm this dato is 4 per cent. for twelve months, 3 per cont. for Bix months, j and 2 per cont. for deposits lodgod for less' than six monlh but over ono, month. And bills are discounted thus rn® ' jpriy 'cent: for two months' bills, 7 per cont. for ' three fnofitbs, '.And 8 por cent, for hills haying about four teifiyo mqntKs.to run, Tfiese charges exhibit) ri uiyay tuiuiutuv Bi/Ubv .ui uui ajuiiuj uiiuaut| lutjiv to fiebauso ,qf tfio largq.qcibuinulatibn of capital ,.ubomj .plbyjpd tbiit' tfie, banks aro induced to. widen tfie fielq of thoir operations) arid lowering tho'rate, of, discounts generally lias, thoffect . of increasing tbe domanil for irioney. ' "wmia-.q ! . -Gun-cotton as a substilnto for blaStlng-po'wdor id raining operations seems to possess. a, grcat nufnboi! of advantages', and to fully deserve tbo good opinions whioh'. have been expressed as to its capabilities :8onio; latoexperimonts' made with" it .by .Mr H. A.| -Tliompson-prbvo conclusively that tlib gun-'cotton is, moro powerful, more economical, more effective, rind less dangerous tfian tbo ordinary bla9ting-powdor.j Its special advantages as detailed by Mr Thompson,- are tliat it occupies less space, arid thus saves labour,' as borings only a third of tbe depth required for, blasting-powder 'aro needed; that tbo offect is, greater, tbo rock being usually shnttored all rouud the boro ; tlirit no smoke proceeds from it ; and that; ; ib is more, manageable altogether- than tho powder.1 With" reference to tlio alleged daogor of exploding tho gun-cotton while tamping tho hole, Mr Thompson reriirirks that a little care prevents any -risk of that kind. When placed upon an anvil, aud struck by a! hammer, tho cotton explodes readily, but when placed upon .wood, stone, or brick, and'struck.with a wooden , mallot, it cannot be exploded at all. Tkb tamping of tho holes with a wooden tamping bar is therefore, an effectual proventativo of prematura ox- plosions. An in oh: cartridge of tho cotton is equal .to::'two;ounees';and a half of, good blasting-powder; wlibn used in; rock of modium hardness. But tho proportions vary with the character of the rock ; and whero tho.stono is- broken up by numerous joints blastiDg-powdor bos mora effect than cotton. 'Ex-i ploding tbo cotton by percussion increases its powor thy one-half -or two-fifths, rind' tberoforo 'A' iriucli greater eflcct is produced if a little bla9tiug-powdor is laid on tho :top of the charge of cotton' to firo it; 1 Several:: trials: of this systom wero made - by Mr Thompson, and tbo results proved that a- rbduedd quantity of cotton with blasting-powder to firo it; .did.cqual or, better; work than, (Jm full;,chargo firei in the ordinary way,,,-,. Tbo; method recommended by: Mr.Thompspn,is to put half. An ounce to,anpuncq of blristhig;powder .in q pieob of ealieb,',-and tioit'to tlio fuse, tho end.'bC/liiqfi/iseri.lln' tbo powder: This, is . placed ' ori /tfib fop, 'of . tfib'/cqttqn . instead ofiyadding'j.tho'bble/iBlheriiitampedVaiidffredaa Amufiii,.;/ . ni, 7.,.', ->:;)) ' ' l 