THE ORANGEMAN'S WILLIAM. Who was William the Third ? The question might be asked by many who delight in cele brating the great anniversaries with which his name is connected. The question might be . asked, but how many of the enthusiasts who weary themselves with shouting in his honour and expend their laborious earnings in drinking to his memory, could give even a school-boy's, ansarer ??-.?, That such a person existed they have . no doubt; that he was a great King they have still less, and that he was their 'glorious, pious,; and immortal deliverer,' they make a portion': of. bix^xi icii^iuua k*luu. JLJ.VW iai uc vvcto ^ICitu, .Ul MIX what, they have hardly, if at all, inquired ; and as to what he has delivered them fioin, they draw their knowledge from confused traditions about Popery, brass money, and wooden shoes. Such is the oi'dinary Orangeman's idea of the great man whose memory he abuses, and whose prin ciples he misrepresents by his sillly and absurd ceremonies. The real William being- unknown, he has pictured him according to the character of 'his own imaginative opinions. In soine cases, as it suits his humour or his disposition, he thinks of him as a military prodigy not to be met with in these degenerate days, of form something more than mortal, the representative of a great race that has long sinse passed away from the conception of the common herd of humanity. To such a person's imagination he ' always appears in full armour, mounted upon a steed of indefinite size, whose restiveness he gallantly curbs with the one hand, while with the other he waves a sword high in the air. From this horse he never descends, except for the purpose of despatching an enemy, or, as he is always endowed by his votaries with a large share of the religious temperament, of saying his prayers. As the disposition, however, of all Orangemen is not so military, the character of ' William as sumes a different aspect in the imagination of others. With all of them he is indeed a hei'o unparalleled in arms. But he is not merely the carnal-minded conqueror whom the world ac knowledges. He is a godlike and a God-fearing man. Hois a David'of later growth, without either the sin -of Uriah's death, or the sin of num bering the people upon him. He waves his .sword on high, and the 'Philistines flee away. Yet he rejoices not in the, weapons 'of the un godly, and he often sigh's as lie sheds the blood of the wicked. Though a brave man he delights not' in war, but would have- preferred some peaceful avocation where the stream of his fervid .benevolence. might have flowed less violently, ' and left him more time for the study of theology. He would have liked to be a curate with a steady chance of promotion. He often dons the sur plice in secret'.. Tn the heat of battle he sigbs to ? think of the number of converts he might have made, and he pauses amid the carnage to repeat the Thirty-cine Articles or the Creed of Ath'au asius. . .. ?? ????! ??? . i ? This view, or some modification of ifc, appears most frequently in t'he sermons of parsons of strong views oirtho questions of Church main tenance and Papist conversion. It' is also. largely shared by invalid Tories who anticipate early dissolution, by pious females of advanced experi ence in single life, and by all whose knowledge of this, world is less thau of that which is to come. ,..,.??. ;-.'..' i ' Among su cli! extravagant caricatures, where is the true (William ? Iu vain should -we, look among the. ranks of those who call themselves by his name fora true conception of his character. The.:hi3torioal William is unknown or ignored, and what is called by his name ? is a miserable myth, the distorted production of bigotry, or the feeble Offspring ; of religious puerility. The . character,, or , we should rather say characters, under which he is known, to the . 'Orangemen of Ireland, are;, the most opposite to the trutla. While no .prince of' his day was more liberal or tolerant-, in spirit,, he lives in the Orange imagination ? under , a conception which, when divested, uf popular imagery, means that he was a very eccentric fool, or a very narrow-minded and hard-hearted man. To tell an Orangeman as much would, perhaps, bej a somewhat dangerous experiment. He admires his favorite in a very fierce and deterrnided manner,. ;but he;does so not from any true kao'w ledge,-pf , him, but on .account of the attributes' with1 which' 'his,. own distempered fancy has in vested, him. Who is responsible for his historical blunders, for his' mis't'aken and unnatural viq'ws of hutnajrij excellence ?, , ,Who. . are the teachfecs froin-whqse.lips he his 'drawn' so much that has peryeir^eld.th'c)pohcepi'tio;ns df *hls* intellect and the native generosity 'of 'his'h'ea'rt ? i Fcvy;T^ie^pt;resoe,ctabilityvindeedi in either ..... ? ,..,., ? J5f town or country, woul-.l care tor' taking aii bpeft' part in thedemonstratioas which break out so frequently in acts of violence or boastful rowdy, ism. No man with a character to lose is anxious to court the attention of the ?mobii= which, during the summer months in the North, ' ab -.often disturb the tranquility of the evening by their noisy ribaldry and their strains of- in« suiting music. The polite Orangeman does not march under the cotton flag of the Orange prck e'essionist on his gala days, but he hoists, p'e.r« haps, a silk one in his garden, and adorns hia' ^indojw with the emblematic lily. ' If he is a'cter]gy- tban, he may elevate the colours of the brother* Hood upon the church steeple, or organise^ fa procession of Sunday School children onnr. . mented with ??flowers- of the 'proper Tiue round ijhe lawn of his glebe.- -In- his 'anniversary'* sermons, if he does not narrate the life of Kii^g William in his own fashion, he is sure to dwell with _ more than ordinary earnestness idri';thQ; ; blessings of Protestant government,^ the; designs/ of the_ Jesuits, . and the dangers of political jin?i novation. He; asks his; dear brethren to lift;: warned against the selfishness of demagogue^. ' and to pray for the more complete confusion -at- traitors. The Church, he tells them, has many I enemies, and he gives them to understand thafc; the 'enemies referred to are all those- who axa.'. hot Orangemen in some sense or other; :. The. - Constitution has many enemies, and he reminds' them of Gideon and Joshua of old. Yet her would ask the»n to forgive such person's^ even to ? love them, but he impliedly cautions theni.: against loving them too much lest, they ; should . secojL ; to favour their, designs. To themselves he speaks in a more confidential tone of tU© sweetness of humility, and. the graces which, wait on: those who submit themselves- to. 'tliQ: . powers that be.- 'By ; the,. powers that -be Jhs' makes itw clear that he means in the firatjplacQ: the landlord, himself, and the .?' upper claaaea!1 ? generally.^ . ;.?-.-. ? , -,.-...'..,, .. The parson, the Orange squire,, and the Orange' magistrate are, or we should rather say perhaps have been, the really dangerous demagogues in Ireland. Under the shadow of their authority, arid State- connection they have supporfced;a sytetn'of popular combinationfrom which the people have derived nothing except discord and division,' Of the origin of Orangeistn the majority of. its ad-: ?' herents know nothing, and on the question ot its supposed advantages they caii give you. no intelligible opinion. It is important, ? howev.erj for them to.show their loyalty to the State as it is presented to them iu the person and the opi nion of . their landlord, who, wherever he has anj'thing to gain by it, is generally an Orange» mau or a sympathiser. la tho minds of some of the brethren, indeed, there is always a dim idea, that tho. Boyne is sometime or other to be re* crossed, and that the ghost of James II. still hovers o/er the country. Fancies the most foolish grow and gain strength in the minds; of igaorant men when they receive the countenance^ of persons who are naturally looked up to as an. authority and example. Besides, the Irishman is constitutionally warm-hearted and a lover of country ; but cramped by ignorance, by preju* dice, and. by the traditions of unfortunate, history, the vulgar Protestant has ceased to. be a. patriot, and is only a party man. Removed far from the seat of Government, and ignorant of politics, he cannot think of Government, except as a party, nor of any other party except his. own being the proper repository of power. Acts of Parliament directed againjsit himself, as ant. Orangeman, he regards as Jesuitical triumphs to be disregarded *b the concessions of a policy too timid to assert its genuine sentiments. Is not the parson * tympathiser, and ie not the justice of the peace & member of the Society ? Orangemen are promoted- 'while Orangeism is discouraged. Wsre «*ch Acts erer intended to operate ? ? It may be a long time before the clouds which rest upon the Orangeman's imagination shall be removed, and he Bhall see things as they are. But education will do it, intercourse with his. fellow-countrymen will do it, and the open per fidy of the Government of which he has been so long and so blindly the slare is fast doing it. The hearts of Irishmen are often warmer thau. their heads are clear, and thus- they are liable to become the victims of prejudice.1 '-We are con fident, however, that the day will, yet come when the Orangeman's appreciation, of Wiliiam. III. will be less extravagant, and his apprecia tion of the claims of h'is,country more enlightened and generous, when the spirit. pf party will, sink before the spirit of patriotism, when, '/.clothed and in his right mirid,' he will join with his fellow-countrymen in erecting a new altar to liberty before which the sad story of the past shall be cancelled, ^,ndi all shall bow in unity and love. — Nation, i ',-?:'?-'?'?' Breakfast. — Epps's Cocoa. — Grateful and. Comforting. — The very agreeable character of this preparation has rendered it a general favour* ite. The Civil Service Gazette remarks:— T' The singular success which Mr. Epps attained by his homteopathic preparation of cocoa has never been surpassed ? by pny experimentalist.' By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and. by a careful application , of the line proper-* ties of well selected cocoa; Mr; Epps has. pro» vided our breakfast' tables' with a delicately flavoured beverage ..which' may: saVe us many heavy doctors bills.' Made siaiply with: boil ing water or milk. 'Sold by the: Trade'. 6nly in £-ib. ; i-lb. ; and 1-lb. tin lined packets, labelled —James Epps and Co. ^Homoeopathic Clieinists, London. ?' ?? ??? ? ?'.-'.- ?'.-? '.' \ ?????? '- A man' died ^recently in New Orleans, leav. ing one of the briefest wills on 'record. It con sisted' iof fivo , wortis: ,' Mrs, Roper is my heiress''— .with a codicil ; of ; four or five words more. ' He: then folded the sheet,- stating in an endorsement: that it ; was his will, to. be. opened only -in case of his death, hand to ,be executed by a certain-named: person, and that 'a .copy of it wa3 in the hands of his 'heiress. This will was contested. in. the rcourta,-: but its .legality was sua« tained.;.' /! '?::?' 7' ,? .:' . ?':?'; ?'.-:/ ' ' ? ??-'?? ? ?' J ''?? ? , -? ? '! T i '-? ',,,-: ? -,r 