WILLIAM, By the Grace op God and of the Apostolic See Bishop of Goulburn, to the Catholic Clergy and Laity of the Diocjese of Goul -BURN.' ?????'??: ?»..?.. ? ? Dearly Beloved Brethren, — The near ap proach of Lent reminds us of the old and vener able practice of imploring God's mercy by fasting and works of penance. Fasting is indeed painful and disagreeable, and if its observance were to be regulated by human feeling, few would be found to regard it. But it comes before us in v£ho Church of God with a higher sanction and a holier motive. We find the Prophet Samuel (Sam. 7, v. vi.) sayinq to the people of Israel: 'Gather all Israel to Masphnt, that I may pray to the Lord for you. And they gathered tp Masphafc, . . . and they fasted on that day, and they said there : ' We have sinned against the Lord.' ' We find in Ps 34, xiii, these words : 'But as for me when they were troublesome to me I was ciothed with hair-rloth. I humbled my soul with fasting, aud my prayer shall be turned into my bosom.' The Prophet Daniel says of himself (Dan. 9, iii.) : ' And I set my face to the Lord my God to pray, and make supplication with fasting and sackcloth and ashos.' The Prophet Joel says (Joel 2, xii.) : ' Now therefore, saith the Lord, be converted to me with all your hearts, in fast iujr aud in weeping and in mourning.' These few examples, out of many, show us that God, in the Old Law, proposed to His people, as an efficacious means of obtaining mercy, fasting aud weeping and mourning. But itjjmay be said that in ti&e; Law of Grace and of liberty we are set fFee from such observances. The Catholic Church teaches us that we are nob free from such works, and for this she has very good reasons. Wo haw* the example of our Lord himself, of whom we find in Mat. 4, ii. : ' Aud when he had fasted forty days and forty nights, he afterwards was hungry.'' So our Divine Lord Himself fasced, not because it was necessary for Him, but because His example *ras necessary. Aftd so did His apostles. In 13, ii. of the Acts are found these words : ' And as they were ministering to the Lori and fasting, the Holy Ghost said to them : ' Separate to me Saul and Baruabas for the work whereunto I have taken them.' Then they, faatinjj aud praying and im posing their hands upon them, sent them away.' The same practice is recorded in 14, xxii. ; ' And when thoy had ordained to them priests in every church, aud had prayed with fasting, thoy commended them to the Lord, in whona they believed.' Our Divine Lord, said to His Apostles (Luke 5 xxv. : But the day will come whea the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, then, shall they fast in those days.' The day came when, the bridegroom wa8 taken away, and when those who had received His in structions, and His commands to publish them, went torth to fulfil their mission. From that tiens to the present the Fathers of the Church, in their writings, as well as the Church in her councils, bear tostimouy to the laws of fasting. We have given a few texts from the sacred Scriptures — we have referred to the continued teaching of the Church — to show you that in re minding you of Lent, we follow no choice of aur own. It is only doing, in regard to this doctrine of fasting, what the Catholic Church does in re gard to other revealed doctriues committed to her charge. It ia carryiag out her Diviue Mis Bion of perpetuating those doctriues to the con (mmtuation of ages. At different periods, and under different cir cumstances, the rigour of the laws of fasting bus been modified. In virtue of powers re ceived from the Holy See, the following are the. regulations in this diocese for the present ?I*nt:-— . The general law of the Church, which ordains abstinence from flush meat during the entire hunt, it bo far dispensed with that the faitafmi are allowed to use it on Sundays, Tuesdays, Touredaya, and Saturdays, excepting Kmber Saturday and the lour last days of Lent. On the Monday, however, of Ember week and of Holj woek, the use of fleah meat is permitted. On ali days, except .Sunday, th« permission to nac fimh tueat io for,4inoe-F ouly. Oa iaatiag daya, - eoOafttoa ma y he tekec is , ifc* teaming rod evesfog. A canA qaa&ty; «f milk and also of butter maybe used. Egg», cheese, and butter are allowed on all days at dinner, except Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. In lieu of butter, lard or dripping is permitted except on Ash Wednesday and all Fridays. The period during which the Paschal duty of Annual Confession and Communion is to be ful filled begins on the first Sunday of Lent,, and ends on Trinity Sunday, inclusive. We earnestly entreat all the faithful to be present each day during the Lent at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, if they have the oppor tunity and means. We recommend masters of families, and parents to assemble each day their household or children for prayer and spiritual instruction. A part of the Bosaryr or che Psalter of Jesus and Litany, may be recited on these occasions iu addition to the ordinary prayers. Persons engaged in laborious occupations, ia delicate health, or so circumstanced that fasting would be injurious to them, are exempt front the law. In all case3 of doubt, recourse for dis« pensation must be had to the priest. When, by reason of distance or of other serious obstacle, application to the priest cannot be made, each, one will decide in his own case according to the dictates of conscience. But, dearly beloved, the mere observance of the rules of fastiug would be of very little use if the end proposed by the Church were not ob tained. The prophet Joel (Joel 2. xii. ) sayt£ ' Be ye converted to me, in your whole heart, in; fasting, and in weeping, and in mourning ?' Ift. these words the prophet points out the end. It is conversion to the Lord from the sincerity of the heart; aa the same prophet says (Joel 2, xiii. ) : 'Rend your hearts and not your garments and be converted to the Lord your God.' Yes, these days of mercy are proposed to you as another call from ,God to be converted to him. Let there be no hypocrisy ; let there be no deceit. St. Paul says (Gal. f), xix) : ' Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are fornication, uucleanuess, immodesty, luxury, idolatry, witch craft, enmities, contentions, emulations, wraths,' quarrels, dissentions, sects, envies, murders, drunkenness, revelling, and such like. Of fche which I foretell you, as I have foretold you, that they who do such things shall not obtain the kingdom of God.' The world around us is cor rupting, and we stand in need of special calls, and special helps to save as from its corruption. At this time the Church calls upon us. L-.st us respect the call, by observing the rules of Lent* as far as our circumstances will admit. ' Prayer is good, with fasting and alms.' (Job 12, vii. ) Let prayer, then, and alms accompany your fasting. These will dispose you to comply with the means instituted by Christ for the re mission of sins. When the time fixed for the Easter duty closes, how delightful will be the re flection if conscience tells you that you have com* plied with the several duties placed before yoia by the Church during those days of salvation I But whilst [ should wish to express the hope that, as the Church requires, all would at this time dispose themselves for the Sacraments of Penance and the Holy Eucharist, I am oppressed with grief to think that the fewness of our priests renders the hope impossible. The with drawal of State-aid has thrown on the people the whole burden of supporting the clergy; still, 'X- have had proof enough of their generosity, and self sacrifice, to assure me that means wouldl not be wanted to give a respectable support to double the number at present labouring in thi» new diocese. Such a number is required to give any fair attention to our scattered people. Te me, it must be painful to be aware of the da- ' Bolatinn in several parts of this diocese. I did ' hope, through the influence of my agents in Ire laud, to have procured, before this, the neces sary help. I now find that, up to the present, my hopes have not been realised, and am resolved to leave for Ireland next May, and then hope to succeed in procuring priests and uiikiug arrange- ? ments for a continued supply. I need not tell you that, if Ireland be rich in faith, she has but little of worldly riches. The expense, then, of ' bringing them out, as well as of tneir educatien, must be provided here. The present time, during which Goil appear* to hive visited the country with severe Josses, i» very inconvenient for such a call oj you. Still you must feel, with me, its necessity ; and what more necessary, or what more meritorious object couldlpropo.se for y our offerings than that of providing priests for this diocese? I propose, then, the Hr3t Sunday of Lent for a general col lection for this purpose, and leave the Test to the ? religious feeling of our people. The grace of our. , s Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and , ;- the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you ', all. Amen. \+ WILLIAM, ??' Bishop of Goulburn. '. ?,.- Bishop's House, Goulburn, January 29, 1869, , , Catholic Association. — -On Thursday evening the usual monthly meeting of thi» ' Society wa3 held iu St. Mary's Seminary. Owing i; to the thunderstorm which passed over the city at the time the attendance was limited. The Very Rev. the Vicar- General took fcho chair. The following money was paid in :- From St. Benedict's £20 19a. lOd. ; from Macleay River ?' l £5; from Campbelltown £5 17s. 6-1. ; from Shoalhaven £2 5s. ; from St. Francia', Hay market £4 18i. ; from Parramatta £5 ; from St. Patrick's, Sydney £7 12s. 6d. ; from Armidale . £9, and from Brisbane Water £3 17s. ftlri '? Delany having resigned hiB office as Secretary to ' ? ' the Association Mr. Wiles was oppointed to his ' ; plice. The meeting then adjourned. Shocking Death.— A sad and fatal accident happened to a daughter of Mr M'A.1 Sony, of , : the Kai.yaroo Mouut. It appears (says th» ' ' Shttalhaven News) that the mother and three' o? - : four children were on their way from ouo pad* dook to another, when, without any warning Off soiso, a large boxwood tree fell uea? ttvenv »' ' limb from which, dtrikia^ cue oi lh& children, ; killed it on ,-ke spot. Strange te ^y, e- though bba dacesaxai tna eorryiag a baby m !»«.?? Hna»»$ Cto time cIm l&tta; tofi^oeat ese&jjfri; oaiuurt. 