TUESDAY - FEBRUARY 9. Before Mr. W. E. Dignam. Jonathan Watson and Honora Watson, severally brought up for drunkenness, were discharged. John McConnell was charged with stealing, a sheep, the property of William Jobson. Sergeant Dalton proved arresting prisoner on the above charge, the prisoner saying he knew nothing about It. The sergeant asked for a remand, because Jobson had told him he could not attend. Re- mended till Friday-bail allowed, prisoner in £20 and one surety in £20. A SECOND DAILY TO AND FROM SYDNEY. -Sir William Manning and Mr. M. Alexander M.P., having been good enough to call the attention of the government to the fact that as two trains run to Marulan and two coaches from Marulan to Goulburn it is advisable that the people of the latter town should enjoy the advantage that for some time past has been extended to Marulan and have two malls dally, the postmaster-general has replied that from and after the 15th instant a mail will be despatched from Sydney for Goulburn by the 9 a.m. train, and one from Goulburn at 10 a.m. to meet the 1.20 p.m. train for Sydney. TO OUR COLLECTOR SUBSCRIBERS. - We have been informed that our Saturday's issue did not reach Collector in due course. We have only to assure our subscribers that they were duly dispatched as usual from this office; and we trust that ere this they may have found their way to their destination. A NEW PUBLICATION. - We have received the first number of a new comic paper published in Sydney and called the Ghost. Some of the articles are not without merit; but the whole appear to be written with the sole object of attacking the min- istry. MR. HALL'S ENTERTAINMENTS. --- On Monday evening Mr. Hall, the well-known negro delineator and ventriloquist, gave an entertainment at the school of arts, when he was very well received and the audience appeared highly pleased with the evening's amusement. Mr. Hall plays again this evening. DEATH OF MR. THOMAS HOSFORD, KEEPER OF THE JAIL. --- We regret to have to announce the death of Mr. Thomas Hosford, keeper of the prison in this town, which took place on Monday morning at four o'clock. He had long been far from well, and on last Thursday fortnight he attended the funeral of the Rev. W. Ross; and being unable to obtain a seat in any vehicle, walked to the burial- ground and back. The exertion was too much for him; he was laid up in consequence; and con- gestion of the lungs supervening, he gradually got worse and died as above mentioned. Mr. Hos- ford was fifty-four years of age and a native of Cork. He had been sixteen years in the colony, during eight of which he was engaged as overseer on Cockatoo Island, and about the same period as keeper of the jail in this town. He leaves a wife and five children. Mr. Hosford was considered a very good officer and was greatly liked by all who were ac- quainted with him. RAILWAY PROGRESS COMMITTEE. - This committee met on Monday afternoon and adopted the draft letter to the honourable the minister for works. It is intended to accompany this letter with certificates from all the owners of steam-boilers in Goulburn as a set-off against the assertion made by a government officer that the water is injurious to boilers. The committee will meet again so soon as a reply is re ceived to this letter. ACCIDENTS.-On Friday afternoon a young man named George Smith, employed on the railway works, met with an accident. He was working In a stooping position when one of the railway trucks, loaded with timber, knocked him down, the wheels passing across the fingers of the right hand, smashing the first two fingers completely and bruising the other portion of the hand. Smith was at once brought to Dr. Perry's surgery. Although it was first thought that he would have to lose his fingers, happily it was not found necessary to resort to amputation.- On Monday morning a young man named James Aughty in the employment of Dr. Cropper of Lake Bathurst, met with a severe accident. It appears Aughty was about forming a waterhole on Dr. Cropper's estate; and was digging underground when suddenly the bank gave way and fell upon the unfortunate man, breaking both bones of his right leg about three inches below the knee and braising him con siderably about the lower parts of the bod. Aughty was at once conveyed into town, and taken to the hospital. Dr Perry set the broken limb and other wise attended to the sufferer, and left him progressing well under the circumstances. A CLEVER ABORIGINAL CRICKETER.-In a cricket report last week we briefly alluded to the astonish ing play of Johnny Taylor, an aboriginal youth who formed one of the Gininderra team. His abilities however deserve more than a passing notice. Johnny Taylor is the son of one of the aboriginals attached to the Gininderra estate. His father, Jemmy Taylor, was himself a fine cricketer, who will be remembered as dying suddenly at Gininderra a few years ago. Johnny was lad then, and after his father's death left the neighbourhood for a tim.. He has since returned, and is now a member of the Gininderra cricket club. Mr. W. Davis, who him self may be regarded as the life and soul of cricket ing in the district, and who is captain of the Ginin- derra club, thus writes of his protege: "Johnny Taylor whom our Braidwood and Yass friends will remember well as a boy of fourteen playing with the Gininderra team against them, has lately returned to Gininderra, and is now nineteen years of age. He has become what be then promised so well for a first-rate all-round player, as his score in the late contest with the Queanbeyan players will show, he having scored 35 runs for four hits- a feat which I think has never been excelled in the colony; alto gether he scored 17 runs his two innings. From such testimony as this, coupled with the proofs of his power, it is not too much to expect that Johnny Taylor will yet win for himself a wider notoriety as an aboriginal cricketer.—Queanbeyan Age. DEFALCATIONS BY A BRANCH BANK MANAGER. Mr. Grevlle, manager of the Joint Stock Bank at Forbes, and at one time manager of the branch at Yass, has been committed for trial on two charges, to be heard at the quarter-sessions at Bathurst. On each charge bail is allowed-himself in £200 and two sureties in £100 each. The Lachlan Reporter states that, on the 27th ultimo, at the Forbes police court, A. G. Greville, late manager of the Australian Joint Stock Bank, on remand from Sydney, appeared be fore the court charged with larceny. Mr. Manning conducted the prosecution on behalf of the bank, and Dr. Belinfante, instructed by Mr. Croft, appeared for the defendant. The prosecution charged the defendant with the appropriation of three sums of money, namely, £41 on the 16th July, £43 on the 19th August, and £65 on the 15th August of last year, such moneys being the property of the bank. The evidence of Mr. Adams, branch inspector of the bank, tended to prove that on his arrival there was a large deficiency in the cash balance, that Mr. Greville had allowed, customers to overdraw, their accounts to a considerable amount, and thus exposed the bank to great risks. The three sums mentioned here were represented by cheques, drawn by Mr. Greville. It was proved that those cheques had been duly presented; that they had been paid and can celled; but that Mr. Greville had failed to debit him self in the ledger with the amount of the cheques. It was stated that no branch manager had the right to allow overdraft, of even small sums, without the consent of the board of directors; but it was ad mitted, as a matter of fact, that branch managers were in the habit of allowing respectable customers, or good marks, to overdraw occasionally. Dr. Bel- infante addressed the bench, and characterised this prosecution as a most audacious one. The learned counsel contended that no jury could ever convict on this case, for in larceny the most important in gredient was the felonious intent. The defendant never meant to deprive the bank of their property, for he left his cheques as living records of his tran sactions in the bank to show that he was indebted to the bank for the amount borrowed. If banks refused customers the privilege of overdrawing their accounts now and then, they might as well close their establishments; they would soon lose their customers. The defendant was a customer of the bank, and he might overdraw his account-this was the only offence of which he had been guilty. The bench retired, and, after half an hour's consultation, committed the defendant to take his trial at the next ensuing quarter-sessions at Bathurst. Bail allowed, the defendant himself in the sum of £200 and two sureties of £100 each. After committal, the defend ant was charged with a second offence, similar to the first, namely the appropriation of £5 8s., £13 5s., and £15 7s. With regard to the cheque of £5 8s., no evidence was offered by the prosecution, and the charge was confined to the sums of £13 5s. and £15 7s. As this charge involved the same questions as the former one, the defendant was also committed on this. Bail allowed in the same amount as before. CLEVER CAPTURE. - On the night of the 29th a clever and hazardous capture of the man Patrick Phillips alias Nowlan, now in our lockup, was effected at the residence of John Mewbourne, Five mile Creek, by Sergeant Harmer and Mounted-con stable Fox. Acting on well authenticated informa tion; they proceeded to Mewbourne's about eleven o'clock at night, and were scarcely posted--Harmer at the back-door, and Fox at the front-when their man appeared. He first essayed to pass Fox, who threatened thrice to shoot him if he did not stand. He then wheeled suddenly and rushed past Ser geant Harmer, who likewise threatened to fire if he did not give himself up. He continued his course however for an adjoining fence, Harmer being in hot pursuit, and when within a few yards of the rails Phillips fired over his shoulder at his pursuer, who was fast gaining on him. Whilst attempting a passage through the fence and before he could again fire, Harmer seized him by the pistol-hand, and held him so for the brief space necessary to enable Con stable Fox to handcuff him. He is a stronq built powerful-looking man, and during the hearing of his case on Wednesday he exhibited the most perfect coolness. Phillips was committed to take his trial at the next Goulburn circuit court. We have not the slightest desire to prejudice his case; but we would fail in our duty to society, if we did not direct the favourable attention of the head of the police force to the gallant conduct exhibited by Sergeant Harmer and his companion in this very dangerous enterprise.-Burrowa Express. AURIFEROUS REEF. - We have been informed that a Captain Harris, said to be an experienced quartz miner, has discovered an auriferous reef on the run of Mr. J. N. Ryan of Burrowa. It is stated that the discovery has created considerable excitement in the neighbourhood, and that claims have been applied for by Messrs. Scriven and Halloran of the Bank of New South Wales, by the discoverer, Mr. Hancock of the Commercial Hotel. Mr. J. N. Ryan, and others. Captain Harris has had good deal of experience in the Braidwood gold-fields, and some eighteen months since prospected Manton's Creek, but with indifferent success.-Yass Courier. A CORONER'S INQUEST NIPPED IN THE BUD. An amusing contretemps occurred the other day at a coroner's inquest which had been called to "sit upon'" the body of a child named Tregoning, who was supposed to have met her death through falling down a well. The jurymen duly came together at the court-house, and one and all, exhibited the con ventional solemnity of countenance which is proper for such occasions and for funerals, &c.; ; but, before proceeding to business, the coroner was informed that some mistake had been made in the information which had reached him regarding the accident, and that the child was not dead at all. The over- strung sympathies of the twelve jurymen assumed their wonted tone under the gladdening effects of the good news, a revulsion of feeling took place, and everybody went on his way with a jocund counte nance. It appears that the child had remained in the water at the bottom of the well for about ten minutes, and that it was to all appearance quite life less on being brought to the surface. It was at this time that information of the accident was dispatched to the coroner. Subsequently, however, the child was attended by. Dr. Hutchinson, who remained with it for about half an hour while using the usual remedies for such cases. The patient then recovered and is now in a fair way of complete recovery. - Albury Banner. An ? BED-FELLOW. - In the course of Dr. and Mrs. Morgan's downward trip to Sydney last week, they passed through Mr. Mackay's station at Wallenbeen, and remained at the homestead for a night. Mrs. Morgan, being fatigued with the journey, retired rather early to rest, but not to sleep, and as she lay awake in bed her attention was fre quently called to a rustling amongst the curtains. She did not, however, pay much attention to the matter, but on Dr. Morgan coming in somewhat later, she told him what she had heard and on his examining the curtains to ascertain the cause of their disturbance, he discovered quietly ensconsed in their folds a deadly snake of some five feet in length. Mrs. Morgan, under the circumstances, it may be readily imagined, did not long remain in bed, and the doctor then very soon brought the existence of the intruding reptile to a termination. Mrs. Morgan, upon her last trip to Sydney, experienced the felicity of being stuck-up and robbed by bush rangers. On this occasion the tedium of the journey has been enlivened by the pleasurable little adven ture we have related above. Another incident or two and the doctor will be able to entertain his friends upon his arrival at home with a recital of his travelling experiences In Australia, exciting enough to vie with the most sensational of the stories of that wildest of authors, Captain Mayne Reld.- Wagga Wagga Express. THE GRASS IS GREEN.-Frequent refreshing showers have cooled the air and given a start to the grass most welcome to man and beast; it glads the eye of the one, and the longing palate of the other. At the junction of the Deua and Araluen rivers where new gold claims have been lately opened and were doing very wall, the principal one was filled in on Saturday night, not by any flow of water down the river but from the rush from mountain streams. This the usual pluck and untiring perseverance of the diggers will soon overcome.-Araluen Standard. MUDGEE.--Monday.--We have had magnificent rain for fifteen hours. Advices from Coonabarabran state there have been fine rains from thence to Mun- doonan.--Telegrams to S. M. Herald. YOUNG.-Monday.-The drought appears to have broken up, as we have had continuous heavy rain here for twenty-four hours. All the dams in the neighbourhood are full.- Telegram to S. M. Herald. LUNATICS-.During the discussion of the estimates the colonial secretary stated that inquiries had been set on foot through the inspector-general of police, to ascertain whether the relatives of lunatic patients in the asylums were to support them, and that the government were determined to take action on this information and compel the friends who were able to do so to pay for the support of their insane relatives or remove them. Some glaring cases of in iquity and cruelty had come to light--wealthy people casting the care of insane relatives on the government. Mr. Parkes claimed credit for the late government for having instituted similar in quiries.-Empire. THE ACTION BETWEEN MR. HASSALL AND MR. RODD.-We are Informed that this action will not come on for hearing before the 10th of May next. The next trial of causes in the supreme court is set down as commencing on the 15th of the present month, for which it will be too late; and It will con sequently have to be postponed till the following sitting on the date mentioned. We hear it stated that before proceeding to trial the question of whether the defamation declared upon is a privileged com munication or not will be argued before the judges; but we cannot vouch for the correctness of this in formation. Mr. Rodd, but for this action, was to have taken his departure for England this month. Braidwood Dispatch. KIANDRA- January 30th.-The correspondent of the Gundagai Times writes--Since my last com munication the prospectors at the Three-mile Reef have taken out of the narrow but rich leader they recently found about 130 ozs. of gold, by which they have netted over £100 each man, in less than a month. The leader appears to be confined to the prospectors' claim ; at least No. 1 north and south cannot find it. I see the Manaro Mercury says £3000 has been cleared from the leader, which is quite an exaggerated estimate. The tunnel is pro gressing slowly; but this lucky find will enable the prospectors to continue operations with greater vig our.- They are getting very good stone at the Char- coal reef but the water is very troublesome, and the race which turns the wheel for the working of the pump is becoming small in volume. All are anxi ously wishing for rain to replenish the races. A YOUTHFUL BUSHRANGER. - A lad named Wil- liams alias Walker was arrested by Sergeant Cor- nett and Constable Hudson on Friday at the Pud- man, charged with being engaged in the sticking-up of Mr. Evans' store at Reid's Fiat on the 25th ult. He will be brought up for hearing at the police court on Monday next. We have also been informed that Sergeant Cornett has succeeded in finding a plant, supposed to consist of a portion of the pro perty stolen at the time of the robbery referred to. Burrowa Express. STICKING-UP AT REID'S FLAT. - At the police- court on Wednesday James Cade and Patrick Phillips alias Nowlan were tried before W. D, Campbell, Esq., J.P.; for robbery under arms, on the night of the 25th ult., at the stores of Mr. George Evans at Reid's Flat. Cade was remanded for eight days, and ball refused, as another charge of robbery under arms will then be preferred against him by Sergeant Harmer of the Dryburgh station. The case of Phillips alias Nowlan was remanded until Monday.-Burrowa Express. The charge against Mr. M. Russell, road super intendent, of having attempted to commit suicide at Kyamba in December last, is not to be proceeded with, the attorney-general having received an opinion from a high authority in such matters, to whom the depositions taken at the Wagga Wagga court were submitted, that Mr. Russell was at the time the unfortunate occurrence took place in such a state of mind as to render him irresponsible for his ations.-Gundagai Times. IMPOUNDED AT GUNDAROO, on 28th January, from Spring Creek; by Mr. H. Bailey sum due at date of notice 11s.-Dark bay mare, HF near shoulder, bang tail. To be sold 25th February. 