OUR MORPETH CORRESPONDENT. Tiik Lath Mu, Wisdom.— I find that tho death of tho lute lamented Mr. Wisdom has been noticed in Tuesday's Mercury, and is also in u moro extended and interesting form iu to-day's issue of tho samo. I embrace this opportunity of expressing my regard for tho memory of ono with whom 1 was on such intimate terms, in con nection with thu management of tho School of Arts, for so long a period. To his indefatigable zeal, diligence, and forethought may bo attri buted tho successful carryim; out of all thoso im portant repairs to thu mainbuilding, tho erection of the library and class rooms, and tho gonural prosperity of tho institution, all tho higher offices of whicli ho filled with credit to himself, aud advantage to the mombors. He also took a largo and benevolent interest in tho progress of tho Morpeth Public School, by giving counten ance and oucotirogoiuout to the teachers and chil dren attending it. Tub Moui'btii Borough Council. — This Council met on Tuesday last. Present : Tho Mayor ; Aldermen Ling, Wingravo, Jones, W. Keating and J. Keating. Tho minutes -if llus previous meeting wore read and confirmed. A copy of the byo laws, adopted at a former meet ing was forwarded to tho Under Colonial Secre tary, accompanied by a letter to tho same from ?'thi! CounciljWhich was road fur tho information' o.'t'io Council. — Tho Finance Commit too reported that tho halt-yearly statement of accounts was in a forward stato, and would be shortly completed for tho examination of tho auditors. — Moved by tho Mayor and seconded liy J. Keating, 'That tho clerk bo instructed to apply to tho Colonial Treasurer, fur a return of the fees and finon re ceived from this Knruiigh, siuco ifs erection' into a municipality, under tin: Towns I'olicu Act, and paid into tho Consolidated Revenue, with a viow to futnro application for tramforoucu to tho revenues of this Borough.' Carried. — Thu list of ratepayers resident and noii-rosident uas laid on tho table. The 22nd inst was fixod for holding a revision court. Tho Mayor then road the seve ral claiuicaQif the Act, having reference to tho ap pointment of a returniiig-otlicer for tho annual election, to take place on the 2nd of February noxt. It was first decided that the honor should bo conferred upon tho senior aldermen, and then the question arose as to whom tho seniority be longed. After considerable discussion on the .subject, it was declared that Alderman Moiklo johu was tho senior alderman of tho Council, aud that gentleman was thereupon appointed re turn ing-officer at the next annual election of alder men for this Borough. Tho retiring aldermen are Messrs. Jnques, Diokson, aud Ling, who are eligible for re-election ; but wo aro quite satisfied that there will bo several other aspirants for municipal honors, and every probability that the forthcoming elueliim will bo sharply contested, several now candidates being on the point of stepping iuto tho field. TiieMoupetm Policb Couut.— Only one case disposed of, Messrs. Taylor and Middleton, J.l'.'s, presiding. I tlihilc 1 may say, \\-ith wide, and to tho praise of our oxeollent police arrangements, that this electorate is ouo of the most peaceable in tho colony. Why, sir, wo havo not even found a largo bone like tho ono recently discovered at Kiuma, on which you so facetiously remarked, tho othor day ; — thero is neither a liunyip nor Kiama Ghost to be found amongst us. Probably one will make his appear ance, should the Parliament bo dissolved. ;Iu the Assembly on Tuesday, tho 12th hist., Mr. U. Stewart moved » resolution recommend ing a survey of railway between Sydney and the Great Northern lino somotrhoro about Maitland. It appears tho distance is'- about the same by land as by water, between Sydnoy and Newcastle, and Syd ney and Maitland, and tho charge upon goods average about 5s. per ton hy tho steamers, and I fool satisfied that if such a lino woro opened at the present time, it could not compote suc cessfully with tho steamers. Does it not then appear strange that a member could bo found to proposo the construction of a lino of tho abovo description, to cost about (as the proposer states) ono million sterling. There might be some feasi bility in tho project, if tliu million siurling was lying in the treasury ; but tho idea, of brrow ing a million to construct a raliway to compote with tho steamers, is simply ridi culous, and more especially :is Mr. C'liiu-. miugs informed thu House wo have to pay in- ? terest for no less than ten millions already bor rowed. It was well thero was ono member who hit tho nail on tho head, 'by regarding the motion as an attempt to injure Newcastle, ''and no doubt to interfere materially with tho traffic of tho Hunter River district, I am !/lad to find tho motion was withdrawn. 14th Jan., 1809. 