LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. JAMES' CHURCH, TOOWOOMBA. (From the D.D. Gazette, May 4.) THE ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. Junes' Church, by His Excellency the Governor, took place on Saturday, in the presence of about 2000 spectators. The pro- cession to the site was formed at St. Luke's School-room, consisting of the Oddfellows, with the banner of the order, and the ohildren of the Sunday School connected with the church, numbering about 300. As they filed in order, they hoisted a profusion of miniature flags and banners, which gave a very charming effect to the view of the procession. On arriving at the ground, the children formed a circle around the platform erected in close proximity to the stone, and waited the arrival of His Excellency and the Bishop. Shortly after the time fixed—viz., 2 o'clock—the Governor and the Lord Bishop of Brisbane left the Royal Hotel, escorted by the Bey. F. C. Jagg, Bey. E. G. Moberly, Bey. E. B. Neville, and the Churchwardens of St. Luke's Church. On His Excellency's arrival at the platform, the following address from the clergy and churchwardens was read by the Bey. F. C. Jagg :— " May it please your Excellency,— " We, the undersigned ministers, church wardens, and members of the United Church of England and Ireland in Toowoomba, desire to express our loyalty and attachment to Her Gracious Majesty the Queen, and to your Ex cellency as her representative, on the occasion of your visit to lay the corner stone of a build ing to be dedicated to the service of God. " We have requested this favor at the hands of your Excellency, feeling assured that you not only have at heart the well-being of the colonist*, and that you are always ready to ad vance the interests of the country over which you preside in secular matters ; but that your Excellency can feel and appreciate our motives in the furtherance of our holy religion, and that you countenance, by your action this day, the duties we owe to God as well as to our country. "Although this town has been established many years, Divine service has hitherto been performed in a temporary building, used daily for the education of the young, and it is only now that we have been enabled to commence a permanent building, which we trust may be the means, by the doctrines which shall be promul gated therein, of turning many a wandering soul to God—to the paths of pleasantness and peace. " May the prayers which shall be here offered up, embodying as they do the solicitations from on high for blessings upon your Excellency, be heard and efficaciously responded to. And we trust your Excellency may enjoy many happy returns of this your natal day, to devote your energies in promoting the prosperity of the colony, and the happiness of Her Majesty's subjects committed to your charge. —We have, Ac., " F. 0. Jack}, Incumbent. "E.Lobd, ") H. Boyle, V Churchwardens." J. LITTLE, J His Excellency then read the following reply: "Beverend Gentlemen and Gentlemen,— "I thank you heartily for your address just presented, expressing your continued loyalty and attachment to Her Gracious Majesty the Queen, and to myself, as her representative, on the occasion of my attending here to lay the first stone of your church. " I also thank you for your expression of con fidence in my desire to advance the well-being of the inhabitants of Queensland, and the general interests of the colony, not only in secular, but in religious matters, and it always affords me much pleasure to contribute in any way in my power to the encouragement of the true worship of God and the spread of the Christian religion. "I sympathise with you in your praise worthy efforts to raise a structure which shall be exclusively dedicated to Divine worship, and rejoice that you will be no longer dependent on a temporary building which is frequently used for secular purposes. " This day I complete my three score years, and should it please Providence to allow me to survive for the ten yean which will accomplish the allotted span of the life of man, I trust each revolving year may bring me the happy informa tion of your Church being the means of diffusing religion and happiness throughout the district, and again thank yon for your kind expressions of good wishes for my future welfare. " Believe me, 4c., " Sam. W. Blacxall, " Governor." At the conclusion of this portion of the cere mony, the choir sang two verses of the 100 th Psalm, and the Bishop then commenced the special service aranged for the occasion. At the conclusion of the 84th Psalm, the following document was signed by the parties taking part in the proceedings:— St. Jamks' Chuich, Toowoomba. The Comer Stone of the Church in which this scroll is placed, to in accordance with ancient usage. Solemnly laid in due form, by His Excellency SaXUXX. WKNBLEY BIaCKAIX, Governer of Queensland, In the presence of, and mtilted by The Mght Bar. Edwd. Wthdhaji Tutnjux, D.D., Lord Bishop of the Diocese, The Clergy, Trustees, and Churchwardens, The Mayor of Toowoomba, Chief Officers of State, Members of both Houses of the Legislature, and of the Civil Service, and others. Samuel W. BUckall, Governor E. W. Brisbane, Bishop F. C. Jagg, Incumbent James Taylor, Secretary for Lands . Arthur Hodgson, Colonial Secretary Clem. £. O. Moberly E.B. Neville Churchwarden: Jno. Little E.Lord H.Boyle B. G. Sater, Architect B. Godsall, Builder Member* qf the Legislative Attembly. B. Bamsay W. H. Groom J. Wonderley, Mayor of Toowoomba A. Oaydon, Mayor of Drayton H. T. Plews, Civil Service. The document, together with a plan of the building, a copy of the Darling Downs Uaxette, and a collection of coins, were then placed in a bottle and deposited in a cavity of the stone prepared to receive it. The lime was then spread upon the stone by the Governor, and the stone was gradually lowered to its final bed by three successive falls; and after being placed in its proper position, it was tested by His Ex cellency with plumb, rule, and level, and being found correct in every particular, three suc cessive knocks were given by the maul, and His Excellency said —" In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this corner stone, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The Bishop then read the concluding portion of the "service, and plates were placed upon the stone, for the reception of offerings in aid of the Building Fund, the choir dinging "Christ is made the sure foundation." The Bishop subsequently delivered a brief but stirring address to the children, in which he invited them to join in the work of building a house for the worship of God, and suggested that many little works of adornment and other internal fittings might be provided by the united contributions of the soholan at the Sunday school. The total proceeds of the collection amounted to £45. The church will be cruciform, consisting of a chancel with apsidal termination, a nave, and two transepts, with vestry on the north side, preparation being made for an organ chamber on the south, which the funds at the disposal of the committee do not admit at present of being erected. The total length of the church from east to west will be 79 feet 6 inches, and across the two transepts *63 feet 6 inches. Accommodation will be afforded by this spaes for 470 sittings, exclusive of those in the chancel, but the pre« tent contract does not include the fittings. The walls will be of brick, with stone dressings and quoins to the doors and windows; open timbered porches will lead to the west and south doors, and the roof will be of open tim bered work, stained and varnished, surmounted by an open timbered lantern and spire for the belL Due provision if made for lighting and ventilation in the ride walls and roof—the latter being of high pitch. The style adopted is that known as Early English, with special adapta tion to the requirements of the climate. The inscription on the face of the corner stone is as follows:—" In the name of the Blessed and Undivided Trinity, the Corner Btone of this Church was laid, May Ist, 1869, by His Excel lency Sakubi. Wfsslsy Blackaix, Governor of Queensland, in dedication of the Church to St. James. E. W. Tttfxbll, Lord Bishop of the Diocese." Shortly after the conclusion of the above ceremony a public luncheon was given at the Boyal Hotel. The tables were laid on the ve randah at the eastern side of the building, which was enclosed for the occasion, and the " spread" presented a very gratifying and consolatory effect after the pressing trials we h»d experi enced from the Bishop in the previous undertak ing. The company consisted of about sixty persons, and among the number we particularly noticed a very satisfactory representation of the ladies of the district, or, as His Excellency very aptly remarked, the " Darlings of the Downs." The South Australian Register says:— '.' Pre liminary action is being taken towards the formation of a Board to promote the interests of colonial manufactures by competitive exhi bitions, the interchange, of opinion, and the offering of suitable rewards and certificates of merit. In a circular issued upon the subject, the objects contemplated are thus clearly des cribed: —1. The foundation of an influential board, which shall promote the interests of colonial manufacturers generally, and operate much in the same manner as the Chamber of Commerce does in respect to the mercantile in terests. 2. To encourage colonial manufac tures and the development of our natural re sources by competitire exhibitions and frequent interchange of opinion, and, by offering suitable rewerds, endearor to stimulate every branch of colonial industry. 3. To foster new industries by a system of certificates of merit, which, coming from the competent judges chosen from the association, will, it is hoped, materially assist colonial enterprise in obtaining patronage and encouragement. Suoh an organisation, eschew ing the political aspect of the question as it is intended it shall, would be a very legitimate mean* of fostering native industry, and we hope the idea will not be permitted to drop." The Melbourne Daily Telegraph says, with reference to the Provincial Council of the Catholic Church recently held in that city:— " It derives its chief interest for the Christian world generally, from the circumstances of its being supposed to be preliminary to the (Ecu menical Council to be held in Borne in Decem ber next. It is impossible for any person of ordinary education, and who is so far free from prejudice, not to be interested in an event whioh, whether from an historical or political, social or religious point of view, occurs but once perhaps in the course of centuries, and is destined to influence or to mould the opinions and morals of many millions of human beings. The bishops of the various Catholic provinces will, doubtless, in the first instance, discuss matters chiefly pertaining to the discipline of the community, such as mixed marriages and the education of the young; bat the great gathering at Borne will, in all probability, enter tain not these questions only, but several of those wider and more momen tous ones which have arisen, especially within the last fifty years, out of the vicissitudes of religious opinions. We are not informed of any dogma to be defined, as was the case in 1545, and it is, of course, oevtain that there will be no revision of the creed of Pius IV., but it is equally certain that many and many a Christian, even of the outside de nominations which Borne calls heresies or schisms, looks forward almost with breathless interest to hear what the Council will do, if it will do anything, for the relief of conscience in matters of Biblical interpretation generally, and notably with reference to the present con fusion of relations between science and religious belief. Thousands who are little influenced by the speculations of a Hugh Miller, or a Buck land, would listen to Borne, notwithstanding the ' Popery,' simply as the oldest and most ex perienced of the Churches, and it is not too much to say that with many of them, even outside her communion, the conclusion will be Roma locuta est citua finita ett. It is ques tions of the class alluded to, and perhaps also the doctrine, if any such there be, of the Church as to the temporal power of the Pope, which will invest the Great Council of 1869 with a world-wide interest." Earl Bklmobe made the following remarks respecting colonial railways, at the banquet given in Sydney laat week:—" At Maitland, the other day, I urged caution with regard to the construction of cheap or inferior railways as main lines; and I also stated that it was con sidered in England to be important to hare a large town as the terminus at either end of the main line. I am met with the objection that circumstances are entirely different here—that there profit is the only element taken into con sideration—a proposition to which I entirely demur when barely stated; for Parliament would never have given railway companies the extraordinary powers which they take under their acts to acquire private property by com pulsory purchase and sale, unless something more than the mere profit of individuals was concerned; and I am also told that here it is important that a railway should penetrate from a seaport town to a central point in a great producing district, and that here, if you wait till your great town has grown up in the interior before you make your lines, you may wait a long time. Now, to this Ido not much demur. In speaking of main or trunk lines here, in Australia, I was not limit ing myself to lines penetrating from a seaport to a central point in the interior—l was looking forward a little. In thinking of this question I am anticipating in my mind the state of things to which event* seem to me to be tending, when the relations between New South Wales and the neighbouring colonies will require more rapid and constant communication than can be supplied by a sea route, when per haps some sort of federation shall have come into existence. I confess I had in my mind a railway between Sydney and Melbourne. Judg ing by the great increase of population during the last generation, I do not think lam very sanguine in anticipating that in another thirty years the requirements of a large population will have to be met in these colonies; and Having before my eyes the great mistakes which have been made at home, particularly in the part of the United Kingdom which I am moat familiar with, I do venture to urge upon the public to recollect that at perhaps no very dis tant date the four metropolitan towns may have by degrees become united by means of railways, and that it will then be important that this shall have been done in the best possible manner. If you go upon the principle, which though I confess rather a novel one to me, may be a perfectly sound one, that you should run your railway into the interior to create your town, I can quite see that the cheaper you can make it the better; because, perhaps, among other things, the experiment may not succeed. At first a sort of tramroad may answer all needful purposes perfectly well; and if an entirely new line of railway is to be constructed to supersede it at some future day, obviously the less capital sunk in the original line the better. But I cannot help holding to my opinion that the few main connecting lines ought to be of at least the same substantial character as those already constructed. You must recollect that you have even now some gradients which, when the rails are wet, only allow of a low rate of speed with a moderate load. There is one gradient on the Southern line, where I timed an ordinary train on wet rails one day, and found the speed reduced to five and a half miles an hour. And you must also recollect that you have generally only sin gle lines ; and if, as time goes on and popula tion increases, many feeders join the main line, a certain rate of speed may be necessary to keep your main lines sufficiently clear, so as to insure the great desiderata of regularity and punctuality. Ido not forget that when you reach a certain point of the interior you have a level country j but there, obviously, you may construct m good line at a comparatively small expense." 