Original Essay. - CONSTTBSTANTIATION ; OR, THE PRESENCE OF THE BODY AND BLOOD OF OUR LORD JESUS CHRIST IN OR ?WITH THE BItEAD AND VINE AFTER CONSECRATION IN THE LORD'S BUPPER. The mode of our Saviour Jesus Christ's presence in the Sacra ment of the Lord's Supper, which was the great subject of controversy in England at the time of the [Reformation, has become, strange to say, a subject of the most vehement contro versy again. Then the doctrine directly in dispute, and for the denial of which our reformers suffered at the stake, was tran substantiation, or the change of the bread and wine by conse cration into the very body and blood of Christ. Now the UUOUlLlig n H1UJ1 Uui LtUU Ululi^ VllltJl Ul LJ-LU WJJ.LIL (J 1 L Ul JJlJ^iailU UiltJ propagating is consuhstantiaUon, or the co-existence of the two substances with each other. The following is a statement by one of themselves : — ' After consecration thci*e is present not only the natural substance of bread and wine, but also, by divine power of the Holy Ghost, the true and very substance of the body and blood of Christ;' and the argument by which this statement is supported is that 'the express Arords of our Saviour at the institution' must not 'be contradicted or ex plained away.' They mean plainly what they express. When our Lord says, This is My body, who of us shall venture to say This is not His body ? When' our Lord says,' This is My blood, who of us shall presume to say, This is not His blood ? Now, such an appeal to our reverential belief may have, upon some devout minds, an influence to which it is not entitled. We purpose therefore in this paper to show that it rests upon an altogether false assumption. It assumes that all our Lord's sayings are to be understood literally, for if we are compelled, because our Lord said, ' This is My body,' and ' This is My blood,' to believe that the bread and wine were not merely signs of, but actually became, His body and blood, then must we on the same ground believe that whatever He said on all the other occasions was strictly and literally true. The falsity of the assumption will appear by a simple reference to others of our ? Lord's sayings. I will quote a few: — Verily, verily I say tvnto I you, Hereafter ys shall see Heaven open, and the angels of G-od ascending and descending upon the Son of man (John i. 51). WJwsoever drinJceth of the water that I shall give him shall neve)' thirst; but the water -that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water sj-r ing ing %ip into everlasting life (John iv. 14). Verily, . verily I say zc?ito you, The hour is coining, and noiu is, toJien the dead shall hear the voice of the 8071 of God, and they that hear shall live (John v. 25). My Father giveth you the true bread from Heaven, for the bread of God 'is He which comelh down from Heaven, and giveth life unto the world (John vi. 32, 33); and, in a subsequent verse, I am that bread of life (v. 48). He that believeth on Me, as the Scriphire hath said, out of his belly shall floiv rivers of living water (John vi. 38) ; which the Evangelist explains, adding : But this spake He of the Spirit, which they that believe on Him should receive: For the Holy Ghost was not yet given, because that Jesus tuas not yet glorified (v. 39). Flias truly shall first come, and restore alt tJiings ;? but I say unto you, that Flias is come already (Matt. xvii. 11, 12)/' by which the disciples understood that He spaJce unto them of John the Baptist (v. 13). These quotations are sufficient to show how erroneous it is to argue that we must receive our Lord's words, This is my body, and This is my blood, in their literal meaning. Every thoughtful reader of the gospel indeed must know that Jesus habitually used figurative language. The words which He spake were not to be understood according to the letter, for they were spirit,^ i.e., had a spiritual signification, and hence they were life— imparted spiritual life to those who rightly understood and received them. But there is another passage which so distinctly proves the inapplicability of a literal interpretation in the present case that we cannot omit it. Our Lord's words in reference to the wine, as recorded by St. Matthew, were, This is my blood; but as St. Luke relates them they were, This cup is the neio testament (or covenant) in My blood which is shed for you, Luke xxii. 20 ; and it is to be noticed that the words, winch is shed for yott, refer not, as we might suppose from our English Bible, to His blood, but to the cup. What meaning can those who affirm the necessity for believing in consubstan tiation, on the ground that we must not venture to contradict the express words of our Lord, attach, consistently with their argument, to His words as recorded by the latter evangelist p Passing, however, from this, let us turn to another line of argument. It has been justly said that, inasmuch as ' the two great sacraments (according to the teaching of our Church, the two only sacraments) of the gospel have been instituted by our Saviour, Christ Himself;' this ' is surely quite enough to make at the»most plain and serious duty of every one who calls himself a Christian, to take the very best pains in his power to learn what is the intention and meaning, the grace and virtue, of those divine institutions,' and that ' this we can learn of course only from divine revelation.' Let us then apply ourselves to learn from divine revelation concerning their signification and efficacy. The Scriptures of the Old Testament, as our Lord has taught us, testify of Him — Moses wrote of Him; and with the Scriptures of tho New Testament in our hands we shall bo able, if we take due pains, to discern with sufficient clearness tho spiritual meaning of the types and shadows of Mosaic ritual. . First, then, we may observe that as all tho sacrifices were typical of Christ, the eating of an animal offoirfi in sacrifice was a type of that feeding upon Christ, without which we have no life in us. Thus St. Paul, in reference to thn communion (or partaking together) of the body and blood of Chrv/ !;y Christians in the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, writes — ' Behold Israel after the flesh : are not they which eat of the sa. ; nn-ct, partakers of the altar ? 1 Corinthians x. 18. Again, the ordinance of Circumcision and the Passover had each its spiritual signification, and each its counterpart in the gospel. ( ircumcision symbolised the true circumcision, which, as St. Paul has expressly taught us, is that of the heart in the spirit and not in the letter ; whose jprazse is not of men, but of God, Eoin. ii. 29. To it corresponds Baptism, which figure doth now save us (not the putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the ansiver of a good conscience toward God) by the resurrection of Jesus Christ, 1 Peter hi. 21. The Passover exhibits, even in a more striking manner than the sacrificial feast, the eating of the spiritual food which God has provided for the nourishment of the souls of His people. The true Lamb of God, symbolised by that Paschal Lamb by the eating of which all His people live, is Christ. Christ our passover, our Paschal Lamb, is sacrificed for us, therefore let us keep the feast. The Lord's Supper corres ponds to the Passover, and as the Lamb represented Christ in the latter, so does the bread and wine represent Him in the other ordinance. As well therefore might we believe that the lamb, killed and eaten at the feast of Passover, was in very truth. Christ Himself, as believe that the bread and wine in the Lord's Supper are the very body and blood of Christ. Once more, the manna of which the Israelites ate, and the water from the rock of which they drank, during their wandering in the wilderness, both typified, or were symbolical of, Christ. They did all eat of the same spiritual meat, and did all drink the same spiritual drink, for they drank of that spiritual rock that folloioed them. And that rock, the apostle adds, was Christ, 1 Cor. x. 3, 4. _ Was that rock really Christ ? Yes ; inasmuch as it was designed by God to be a type of Christ. ; This (bread) is my body. Is the bread really Christ's -body ? ']} Yes ; inasmuch as it is a divinely-appointed sign of His body. ' - Who then, looking to the Bible alone for instruction as to the . meaning and grace of the Lord's Supper, would interpret literally ; the words of our Lord, This is my body, this is my blood ; or His other words in John Vi.—Fxcept ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink His blood, ye have no life in you. Whoso eateth my''., flesh and drinJceth my blood hath eternal life ; and I will raise- ~ him up at the last day. For my flesh is meat indeed, and my ???'. blood is drink indeed. He that eateth my flesh and drinketh ?'!' my blood, dioelleth in me and- I in him. As the living Father ::. hath sent me, and I live by the Father ; so he that eateth me, even ?- he shall live by me. This is that bread which came down from heaven ; not as your fathers did eat manna, and are dead ; he that eateth of this bread shall live for ever. Or, again, the words of St. Paul — The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ ? 1 Cor. x. 16. Is it not plain that the language in all these sayings is figurative ? Must we not certainly conclude, that it is used to denote, not a carnal feeding upon animal food (for, however irreverent the statement ma_y sound, the body and blood of our blessed Lord were those of an ordinary man ; and therefore, if eaten and drunk, must be eaten and drunk in the same manner as other animal food), hit a spiritual feeding by faith upon the sacrifice of Christ, an assured trust in His meritorious death, whereby wo become partakers of all the benefits which He has thereby procured for us. There is yet proof of another kind which appears to us con clusive against any such doctrine concerning the Lord's Supper as these writers contend for, viz. — the manner in which it is spoken of in the New Testament Scriptures. For can we suppose that, if it had been regarded by the apostles as being what it is now affirmed to be, it would have been so seldom referred to, and referred to in such & manner as it is in their writings ? The only passages in which the Lord's Supper is expressly mentioned are 1 Cor. x. 16, 17, and xi. 17-34. From them we may plainly infer its universal and perpetual obligation, and its spiritual import and efficacy. But the latter clearly indicates that it was then celebrated in a manner quite incompatible with the view against which we are contending. The Sacrament could not have been profaned in the way that the apostle describes by the Corinthian Christians, if the Church of that day had believed that the bread and wine were made by the consecration of a priest the very body and blood of Christ. On the contrary, we may infer from the passage that there was not, nor do these few passages in the Acts of the Apostles where the Sacrament is (probably) spoken of under the phrase of breaking bread, afford any indication of there having been in the apostolic age any such consecration at all. If, then, we will ' learn only from Divine Revelation,' we can have no hesitation in rejecting the doctrine that 'the spiritual substance of the body and of the blood of Christ is present' in the bread and wine on the Lord's table. We quote the words ' spiritual substance,' but they seem to be wholly inapplicable to our blessed Lord's body and blood, which are represented by the tiread and wine. For that body is the flesh of Christ broken upon the cross (according to His own saying, The bread that I will give is my flesh), and that blood is the blood which was shed for us. It would be easy to show from her own authoritative docu ments that our Church does not sanction the teaching of con substantiation any more than that of transubstantiation, but at present we are concerned only with the question, What saith the Scripture? We shall therefore conclude this paper with one other saying of St. Paul, which we would submit to the consideration of those who insist upon the literal interpretation of our Lord's words — No man ever yet hated his own flesh : but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the Church ; for ice are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones, Ephes. 7.29,30. CM. 