NEWS OF THE WEEK. The weather has been delightfully fresh and bracing during the past week in Gundagai, with bright sunshine iu the middle of the day and sharp frosts at night, the only drawback being rather heavy white fogs in the morn- ing. On Sunday evening last Judge Francis, by request, held evening service in St. John's Anglican church, Gundagai. There was a fair congregation, although had full notice of his intention been given a larger gathering might have been anticipated, and those present listened with marked attention to the sermon read, the text of which was Luke XVIII 27th verse "The things which are impossible with man are possible with God." The agriculturists of this locality will, we understand, participate in the benefits of the snagging of the Murrumbidgee after all, although they certainly have not to thank their own exertions for the advantage. Mr. J. Warby, of Hay, proprietor of the JHP river steamer, has, we have been informed, purchased more than fifty tons of flour at Tumut, which is to be delivered to him at the central landing stage for these districts at Oakey Creek. If Mr. Warby succeeds in effecting purchases of flour in Gundagai we have heard it stated that he may bring the JHP up the river to this township. It would be pleasant to receive occular demonstration that a steamer can navigate the Murrumbidgee in our locality, and one which might stimulate our people to exertions to command further visits from such craft. The great want of the Tumut and Gundagai districts is such an outlet for produce as would give our farmers encouragement to bring larger quantities of the fertile land we possess under cultivation. We shall be very glad to learn that something in this direction can be effected by means of river transit to other localities, and we trust that Mr. Warby's present visit to our quarter may be the means of bringing about other trips of the JHP in our direction. At the usual monthly meeting of the Gun- dagai Hospital committee, on Wednesday evening last, Messrs. Colville Smith, A. C. Ranken, and J. Phillips were appointed the visiting committee for next month. The following returns for the Gundagai district for the quarter ending July 30th of the current year have been furnished to us by the district registrar:— Males. Females. Total. Births 28 27 55 Deaths 16 10 26 Marriages 7 We are glad to find by comparison with former periods that the average mortality in this district, as compared with its population, is decreasing. In 1866, which was a period closely resembling the present year as regards atmospheric influences, and during which low fever was also prevalent, the deaths from January 1st to June 30th were 65, while during the same period for the current year they amount to 42. We have received a circular from the chair- man of the Yass Railway Committee, Mr. T. Laidlaw, containing a copy of the petition adopted by the inhabitants of Yass to Govern- ment, praying for the speedy extension of the Great Southern Railway to their township. The reasons in favour of such action being promptly taken are cogently and consisely set forth in the document we speak of, and a request is contained in the circular that such districts as are in favour of the extension of the railway to Yass, and onwards, should take steps to express their opinion pubicly, and in other respects to strengthen the hands and afford active assistance to the Yass committee. We have already urged the importance of the extension of railway communication to the Southern districts, and the necessity of prompt and vigorous steps being taken in this matter. We would suggest that a public meeting in support of the Yass petition should be held in Gundagai, at which our member, Mr. Macleay, should be requested to preside, and we would also urge that the residents of Tumut and Adelong should publicly express their views on this very important subject. The 'Government Gazette' intimates that deeds of grant under the Real Property Act in favor of the following persons are now ready for delivery on payment of the assurance fee:—A. Burgoin 80 acres; Charlotte Brown 200 acres; Irwin Crain 15 acres 2 roods, County Wynyard; W. K. Smith 40 acres, County Buccleugh; W. Macansh 92 acres, County Harden; James Crowe and another 208 acres, parish of Gobarralong; Julien Forrestier 2 acres, parish of Gadara; W. Egan junr., 44 acres 3 roods, parish of Minjary; W. M. Hotten 28 perches; Thos. Jenkins 2 acres; John Perfect 2 acres, parish of Adelong. The following purchases have been effected at the Gundagai Land Office: 8th instant— Richard Angel, Gundagai, 112 acres 3 roods Nangus; 15th instant—John Kilpatrick, Ade- long, 60 acres parish of Calafat, County Wynyard; same, same quantity, same place; Robert Francis Combes, Gundagai, 40 acres, parish of Eurongilly, County Clarendon. We note that the teams drawing in the bricks for Mr. Field's new buildings, from Jones' Creek, shorten their path by cutting across the church ground in front of St. John's Anglican Church, which they deface and destroy by the deep ruts they plough. The church trustees or churchwardens should see that this is put a stop to. The fact that the Bishop of Goulburn chooses to leave the Anglican congregation of Gundagai without a pastor, and that St. John's Church is conse- quently closed for the present, cannot afford justification for its grounds being wantonly and utterly spoiled and disfigured. We are requested to intimate to the Anglican congregation of Gundagai that the final opera- tion on the Rev. H. S. Seaborn's right eye has been porformed successfully by Drs. Fortescue and D. S. Jones, of Sydney, and that the rev. gentleman's sight, it is hoped, will speedily be restored, A report of the conclusion of the Gundagai District Court cases will be found on our fourth page. The case of Ah Shue v. Luim Pack He, of which we gave the chief features in our last issue, is a perfect wonder in the way of hard swearing, and his Honor's remarks on it, and relative to the notions generally entertained by Chinese suitors as regards evidence to be given in a Court of justice, are worthy of attention. The case may not yet be concluded, and as there is perhaps such a thing as contempt of District Court which would subject the offender to public reproof, we shall abstain from comment on it. We feel assured that were we so to offend as to deserve this punishment Judge Francis would administer his rebuke in gentlemanly terms, and in better grammar than that lately employed by Mr. Justice Hargrave in the vulgar, spiteful tirade he delivered relative to Dr. Steel's premature comments on the Polynesian slavery cases; but a reprimand, even if mild and deserved, is not an agreeable thing to receive, and so we intend-to avoif. incurring it as regards Ah Shue's or Luim Pack He's case. We may, however, mention that Ah Shue asserts that he is a Chinaman born within the great wall, and that his op- ponents are Tartars, therefore the ancient animosily between the Celestials and their stronger and fiercer foes may add some colour- ing to the legal proceedings we speak of. Catching a Tartar is proverbially a profitless achievement, it remains to be seen what the result of suing a Tartar is. Our Member, Mr. Macleay, arrived in Gun- dagai on Saturday last, and started for Wagga Wagga next day. He adopted this route in preference to the vaunted Murrumburrah back road, on the ground that although the Main Southern Road is bad the other is much worse. Mr. Macleay is to be invited to meet his con- stituents at Wagga Wagga on the present occasion, we learn from the 'Express,' which also sets forth a list of local requirements he will be requested to ask Government to grant. There is, of course, the alteration of the postal route, to Wagga Wagga, the speedy extension of the railway to Wagga Wagga, and a free bridge for Wagya Wagga—that is all at present. Considering the ill-bred interruptions with which Mr. Macleay was greeted on the last occasion he addressed the electors of the township because he would not pledge himself to obtain a free bridge for them, this subject is not likely to be a pleasant one to recur to. The 'Express' thinks that the gathering we allude to "possibly taught electors and elected to understand each other better," and hopes that on this occasion Mr. Macleay's chairman will not call portion of the Wagga Wagga public "Slangwhangers," "Jefferson Bricks," or "Lick-spittles." Our contemporary might have added a hope that a portion of the public would not again behave in a manner that afforded pretext for the application of uncomplimentary epithets. We believe that Mr. Macleay intends to address his constituents in Gundagai also, and in event of us doing so we can promise that our require- ments as regards local improvements will be moderate, and that our inhabitants will, as on former occasions, listen to his remarks with proper courtesy and attention. The publication of full details relative to the scheme for reducing the expenditure in connection with the Police department, which has been adopted by the Executive Council, will satisfy our Tumut friends that the intima- tion recently given by the 'Empire' relative to their township being derived of its resident magistrate was substantially correct. The Police Magistrate of Gundagai is, we learn, hereafter to undertake the superintendence of the districts of Tumut, Adelong, Tumbarum- ba, and Cootamundra. We say superintend- ence because according to the circular letter of directions issued to Magistrates whose duties have been in like manner enlarged, from which we recently quoted, it appears that Govern- ment desires that the Justices of Peace of the colony shall take a more active part in administering the law than, in many places, they have hitherto done, and shall adjudicate at the Courts of Petty Sessions held in their respective localities, referring to the Police Magistrate for the district, when they deem it necessary, for advice, or requesting his attend- ance when unusually difficult cases occur. We have already and repeatedly expressed our opposition to the diminution of stipendiary Magistrates in up-country districts, and Ade- long, especially, we hold to be entitled to increased rather than decreased facilities for the settlement of matters requiring magisterial decision. We feel assured that no words of ours are needed to testify to the general esteem the present P.M. for Tumut, Mr. Vyner, com- mands both in private life, and in his official capacity. The Tumut and Adelong people will doubtless take the requisite steps to express their sentiments with regard to this contem- plated change of Magisterial arrangements. Should the scheme adopted by the Executive Council come into operation Police Magistrates will undoubtedly require to become locomotive in a greater degree than they have been. We perceive by the English papers that Lord Harrington has intimated in the House of Commons that the Post-office authorities con- templated the experimental use of velocipedes to facilitate the progress of country postmen, and we would suggest that our Government should make a similar provision for the benefit of the country P.M.'s of this colony. Mounted on a fleet bicycle a stipendiary Magistrate for a large district could whirl from one Court- house to another, and might, with considerable muscular exertion, be enabled to discharge his duties. The particulars relative to scheme of re- trenchment in the police department adopted by the Executive Council have been officially published 'in extenso.' We have already given the salient points of the scheme in a former issue. In addition to the reduction in the police expenses, and in the number of magistrates, the fees of district registrars are also to suffer diminution. They are to be continued as at present up to the annual amount of £30 and beyond that sum to be reduced to a moiety of the present fee, which is 3s. per entry. The duties of C.P.S., are to be discharged by the police at specified townships, including Adelong and Cootamundra. The savings effected may bo summed up as follows:—On police and contingencies £25,543; on police magistrates' salaries £5,450; on clerks of petty sessions' salaries £490; on district re- gistrars' fees £600 per annum, to which may be added £4,600, expected to accrue from the sale of police horses, making, should the scheme of retrenchment be carried out, total saving for the year 1870 of nearly £37,000. A shocking murder has been committed at the mail station at the "Springs," on the Melbourne road, about ten miles from Chiltern, by a storekeeper named Smith, who killed his wife. Both it appears were addicted to intoxication and quarrels between the pair were of frequent occurrence. A neighbour hearing a series of violent screams proceeding from Smith's house went there, and found the murderer washing his hands, while the body of the woman naked, bruised, and lifeless lay on the bed. In answer to this man's queries Smith replied 'Its the drink, its the drink.' He afterwards gave himself up to the police, and has been committed for trial. The velocipede movement is attracting at- tention in clerical circles in England. A writer in the 'Church Review' thinks that the velocipede mania is likely, in process of time to be beneficial to curates and country clergymen, by enabling them to dispense with the keep of a pony, which, with their small incomes, is often burdensome. On Friday, the 9th instant, a rather import- ant decision was given by Mr. Justice Hargrave, in a suit in which it was sought to make void certain provisions of a marriage settlement under the following circumstances: —Mr. John Caldwell, on his marriage in January, 1866, with the widow of the late Rev. Mr. Hurst, settled certain land upon his wife for her separate use and afterwards for Mr. Caldwell's children, on his becoming a "bankrupt," or "an insolvent within the meaning of any law for the relief of or relating to any insolvent debtors or bankrupts;" or on his assigning the said land. In Septem- ber, 1866, Mr. Caldwell made a voluntary assignment of his property to trustees, for the benefit of his creditors. A bill in equity was filed by the trustees, who sought that such trusts should be declared void. His Honor, however, considered that such a voluntary assignment had not constituted Mr. Caldwell a bankrupt or an insolvent within the laws, and dismissed the bill, with costs. A large meeting to sympathise with Dr. Steel on account of his reprimand from Mr. Justice Hargrave was held last week in Sydney. An address was agreed on which was presented to Dr. Steel, with a purse of 50 sovereigns, and suitably acknowledged. The Hon. John Hay presided. The 'Burrangong Argus' narrates that spectval apparitions have taken place at a spot about four miles from Young, near the Three-mile, and the Old Duffer Rush. As it is said that two men quarrelled there at some former period, and that one after killing the other felled a tree over him, the locality is a highly appropriate one for ghostly appearances. Three men, who were splitting posts and rails there, saw the manifestations referred to. They first saw a white object about the size of a cat, but of no particular form, which suddenly sprang up into a pallid spectre about eight feet high, and on being struck with a stick sounded hollow. It afterwards, probably in revenge for being struck, chased them, and subsequently took the bark off the roof of their hut. They also saw a strange unearthly animal somewhat resembling a dog, which had a long chain attached to it. It came in front of their hut, and grinned at them and shook its chain, upon which it was fired at but with- out effect. It was not seen again but was heard rattling its chain and making a noise as if it was licking a plate; while when these men visited Young they found on their return that the mischievous spectre, or spectres, had pulled the door off their hut and strewed their effects about on the ground outside. It would be interesting to know if these ghost- haunted splitters keep a keg of rum in their hut. Mr. Garrett, P.M. for the Scone district, has reported to Government that he has conferred with the local justices, who have formed rosters in some places, and have shown every disposition to co-operate harmoniously with him. He thinks the new arrangement, as regards his district, will work well. Mr. James McGregor, Bank Manager at Hay, incautiously expressed an opinion to Captain Browne, P.M. of that ilk, when talk- ing of Prince Alfred's colonial presents, that the Royal family were a mean lot. The Captain thereupon had Mr. McGregor before the Hay Bench for violating the provisions of the Treason Felony Act. Thecase was dismissed and the prosecutor's conduct is strongly censured. The Tichborne commission has lately been sitting at Wagga Wagga collecting evidence, and we learn the expenses connected with this body amount to something over £80 daily. If this disputed baronetcy case is ably managed by experienced lawyers its final result may prove as conclusively satisfactory as that of the great suit of Jarndice v. Jarndice Dickens describes in Bleak House. Professor Reuben, who lately cleared from Wagga Wagga with "Young Austin's" watch and cash, and a compositor named O'Keefe who absconded from the 'Express' office, where he was under engagement, have, the 'Courier' mentions, been apprehended at Yass, and will be remitted to Wagga Wagga. A New Zealand journal states that the Hauhaus on the East Coast are now reported to have erected and occupied three pahs on the banks of the Lake Waikare-moana, which cannot be stormed from the lake, and are sur- rounded with a very dense bush in their rear. They are built upon three almost perpendicular rocks, or needles, and the only course to be adopted by our forces during the winter season will be to attempt to starve them out by preventing communication on the lake with settlements where cultivations are known to exist. The population at Trunkey Creek diggings is still increasing, and fresh arrivals take place every day. The new reef discovered at "Hell's Hole" by Mr. Smith's shepherd is yielding very rich quartz. A rush set in, and all the ground has been taken up in leases. Fresh holes are being sunk daily, all of which are yielding good payable quartz. Holloway's Pills for the cure of Dropsical* Affections, — Theyfcuses of Dropsy are very various. It is ' oMflb engendered by the morbid state of the/sy*em. When the circu lation is sluggish, impoverished, or impure, the first tliinvto begone to effect a cure is to correct the dejVayed humours of the bland, and give tone '^i'0 Btom!10'1- They are\Ni gentle but most efuMiye aperient and purifier. They speedily put T^p whole system into order, and give the patftWt more strength and sounder health than perhaps he ever enjoyed before at any period of his life. Printed directions for the use of the BLls are given with each box.—Advt. ^* 