¡THE WONDERS OP SPIBITUALISlt AND i PHOTOGRAPHY. - TAKING? THE LIKE ! NESSES OP GHOSTS. i lio latest wonder or science ana art-ana ino uv credulous will doubtless SST of humbug and impostan -¡fl tho alleged ability of a well known photographic artist in New York to take the likenesses of thespiriti of one's departed friends-at tho rame tims and by thc same opritiuu OB the likeness of the living auijeot Mr. William H. Mnmler of No. 630, Broadway, hav log asserted that be can produce and has produced namorons photographic pioturos containing tbehkenossei of deoeaacd pcraons, simultaneously and accompanying the pictures of living silters, very naturally croated n great sensation, especially among his rivals in business, The result is that bo has been arrested for fraud in selling these so-oalled spiritualist photographs, aod the charge waa under iuveitigation beforo tbs police authorities of Mew York on 16th April and subsequent days. The proceedings are vory lengthy, and wero not oonoludcd nt date of latest advioea ; but wo givo an abridgement of the caso as reported ia tbo New York papers. It will be seen that many of the facts deptsed to wero of a most startling charactor. SriEiTOAiJssi IN COUHT. Friday April 16, waa the day set down by Justice Dowling for thc examination in the oaaoof William H. Mnmler, tho photographer, of No. 680 Broadway, an acoannt of whoso arrest on a charge of fraud in produoing and ao'ling ao<oalled spiritualist photo- graphs has been given. Tho arrest bas created a great deal of excitement in spiritualists oirolea, and tho examination room was orowded with spectators, among whom wore witnesses for tho defenoo from the cities of Albany, Boston, Buffalo, Poughkeepsie, and Water- ville, Alfred li. Eaker end Albert Day sppearod as oonnsel for the dofence. Juatice Dowliug announocd that tho caso was ono of oonaiderabíe impórtanos, and the complaint had come from the Mayor's Office. Ex Judge Edmond», a well known spiritualist, statod that he appeared as a witness. Ho would say, how* ever, that this arrest was a great h ar dab ip for his friend tho prieoser. Tho oounte! for the defence had prepared an argu- ment, and would endesvonr to show that great injus- tice had been dono Mr, Marnier by tho press of tho city, io tbolr accounts of his arrest. Tho muéstrate finally determined (o prococd with the examination. uounsoi lor toe aoienoo tam toat tuey proposed to show that no trick or fraud had boen praotiood in the production of these Spiritualist photographs ; that in faot tho; woro produced by the ordinary mothod, and the appearance of the spirits was not subjeot to the control of the operator. The process bad been care- fully sorntinised by experts and soientiBo men on many occasions, and no fraud bad been detooted. By fnlr, open means, the likeneis of a spirit bad boen produced on a glass or plate, beside the image of the eitler, and somo of thoao spritual likenesses had bean identified by persons as those of relatives who had passed from this life. This has been tbs case oftentimes when no piolare of the deoeaied person was ia existence. These spirit pioturos were Gmt commenced in Boston, and tho matter baa boon investigated there, and io Buffalo, Waterville, Pough- keepsie and elsewhere, bnt no one had yet been able to prove tho proooss was a fraud. Varions attempts had been made to imitate these pioturen, and some photo- graphers olaim that they have produced fao similes, bnt, on comparing these with tho spirit piotares, thoro iras a marked difference plainly visible to tho eye of an export. Tho aoonscd does not know, nor dcos he pre- tend to know, by what poner or proaexs these spirit pioturoi are prodaoed. Ile has on many occasions solioited and obtained the oloseat scrutiny of men more capable thnn ho of understanding the prooeis, and ho is now, and at all times ready and willing to have his work watohed in tho most critical manner, and to that end bo invites an investigation by a delegation of the most export and experienced photographers in the oily, and pledges himself to afford tho fullest opportunity for Bnoh investigation. There aro many intelligent men and women who, after a careful investigation, aro firm believers that tbe piotares are really likenessoi of tho spirits of the departed, and that tho taking of saab, pictures is a new era in photography, au art still in its infancy. When the oounsol of the defenoe closed, the magis- trate adjourned the investigation until Wednesday next. 