LADIES I ON VELOCIPEDES. The idea of offering a prize of ten guineas for a public rabe by lady velooipode riders was perhaps conceived by the promoters of the sports at Collingwbod as' a pare draw, without much expectation of edifying their patrons with the actual 'speotaole of ia number of females tugging and kioking oh the trioyole in publio gnze. Bat six daring lady athletes entered the lists, and, of course, the publication of this startling piece of news brought shoals of nil sorts of people last Saturday 'afternoon down to the North Fitzroy Grioket' 'Ground j- on whioh the trial of skill took : plaqe. ' Some three thousand persons waited through a weary programme of miscellaneous sports, and by half-past foar, when the bell rang for the event of the day, the appetites of the spectators were wall whettaa. Fire velocipedes were brought out and ranged in a row, at a ohalked line on the turf, and speculation ran high among the byo standers as to which of tho ladies among them would come forth as the champions. At last a young female of determined appear* anoe walked into the arena in very high soled boots, ankle pettiooats, a hat very much down in the front — the «« Girl of the Day' all over. A buzz from the outskirts of the ring round the starting plaoe gave it to be under stood that another lady was coming. _ She was. preceded by a bearded protector, who intimated by winks and grins, aB he elbowed his way in, that a clipper was at hand. The new-comer was horsily criticised when, clad in sombre blaok, she disengaged herself from the orowd. Tall and sinewy, she looked more than a matohfor the Girl of the Day. Yet another lady came forth. She was the only Missis on the programme ; and, as saoh, pleased some of the bystanders less and others more. Toll, went the bell, wielded by a burly r«d-faoed individual, who halloaed oat betwaon the peals '? What's keeping them ladies 7' ' Clear the oor-r-rse !' A fourth competitor came blushing into the cirolo. This was MiBsEvelinp, of some eighteen summers, who was plaood by a kind papa and care fully smoothed down on 'Modesty,' an elegant' artiole. Oraok went the pistol, and the black demen started, bumping away with a strong lead, and apparently enjoying tho fan immensely. The Missis had her taeth sot, and bent herself to the task with a will, bat tho steed did not re spend to her punishment like that of the blaok demon. The blaok demon meant to win and no mi«take, ^a tho trainer of this petticpatpa jock ran capering along by her aide with 'Gently, gently I V ' Mind that flag now I '' and ' Now'a y'r timo ! ' The Missis had also her enthusiastic footrunner, who kept jumping' out of the crowd from time to time, with cries of encouragement. Let us hope that the oft re peated ' Go it old 'un' from the bystanders was direoted at him. And where was the Girl of the Day? Well, she went off a rattler, but only got once round. Dear me, the ground was so soft. 'She did not want any assistance, but drew off the coarse without dismounting. Eveline struggled along for about a couple of hundred yards, and ' then papa had to take her out, and take Modesty out of the way of the black demon and the Missis, who came spinning round again on their mad career, amidst an indescribable mixture of a cheer and a hoot from the orowd. Condition tells. The wiry demon came in first without turning a hairpin, and the spectators were fairly pumped out with laughter. So ended the first, and it is to be hoped, the last ladies' velooipede race in Viototia. It was stated, at a meeting in Day leaf ord, the other evening, that the Rev. Mr Uisber, Wes leyan minister of Kyneton, is a lineal descend ant of Archbishop Ussher, author of the received bibilical chronology. A Queensland paper, the Times, of the 11th August, chronicles the largest crushing that has ret taken place on Gympie. ' The yield of gold from No. 8 south, Monckland Beef, far surpasses any thing yet known on this gold field ; 4500 ounces altogether are expeotod, and this from about 110 tons of stone, making therefore an average of about 40 ounces to the ton.' The Tnglewood Advertiser ttatea that, on 22nd August a singular ceremony was performed at Wedderburn in the Chinese burial ground. Ac cording to the statement of a Chinaman who lives some twenty milpB from Inglewood, 'one nigbt last week he was visited by the spirit of a coun tryman, who has been some time gone to the ' flowery land,' and informed that the said spirit felt the effeots of the late frost in his dump grave very muoh, and that he needed several ' creature comforts.' John imme diately came into town, purchased a suit of new clothes, not even omitting a substantial flannel. These he took to the grave of the cold ghost, stretched them out nioely on it, and then Bet them on fire. He afterwards poured the contents of a bottle of Hennessy's best ' battle-axe' over it, placed some pipe lights and a post at eaoh corner of the grave, to each of which was tied a letter addressed to the ' dear departed.' When asked why he did not leave a pipe and opium to be used with the pipe lights John replied very reverently, ' Got him too muchy down below' (pointing to the grave), and then quietly made his exit. The fact was witnessed by several Europeans. 