OPENING OF THE SYNOD OF CATHOLIC BISHOPS. j One of the most imposing ceremonies in connection with the Catholic Church that has ever been witnessed in Melbourne, or probably in any of the Australian colonies, took place on Sunday, in St. Patrick's Cathedral. The opening of the Provincial Council of the Australian Catholic Hierarchy was celebrated with much solemnity and magnificence of religions ceremonial. As it is generally about once in a generation that suoh an event takes place,' peculiar interest attached to it, and members of other religions denominations as well as those of the Catholic Church looked forward with pleasure to being present at the proceedings. The present synod has been convoked by his Grace the Archbishop of Syduey, Primate of Australia, to whom alone it belongs to summon such assemblages in these colonies. The questions to be dealt with by the synod during its session will embrace mixed marriages, education, church discipline,! and Himilar matters appertaining to ecclesias tical government. The council will consist of two; sessions, the first of which was inaugurated1 on Sunday, and the second opening on the 22nd inst , with solemn requiem high mass ? andj ofliue for the repose of the souls of the bishops! and clergy who have died since the last synod! was held. The council will sit privately in the; Bishop's Palace, East Melbourne, every dayj during the present week; and will briog its' deliberations to a elose on Sunday next by aj public ceremonial similar to that which! took place on Sunday. Probably the result of. the conference will be a joint pastoralj from the prelates as-sembled; to the clergy andi laity of the Australian dioceses. Having thus; explained briefly the nature of the assemblage: and its peculiar functions, we proceed to de scribe the ceremonies which were performed! on Saniay by way of inauguration, and to im-i ploro the Divine blessing on its deliberations.: A'l mission to the cathedral was by ticket, the! church being divided into three portions forj the reception of persons according to the price] of the ticket proouresl. The entire nave ! con-; tiiined' the first seats, the eastern ' aisle! the second, and the western aisle the third.j The ceremonies of the day were announced to, commence at ten a.m., bat from as early as' night o'clock the preoinots of the church and; its immediate vicinity was crowded by persons! awaiting the opening of the doors. About half-' past nine o'clock admission was aocorded, andj the crush then experienced was something un-| pleasant to many. The benches immediately! in front of the high altar and in the; vicinity of the pulpit were qaickly oc cupied, and in less than half an hour; sitting accommodation was quite out of the question for those who came in, although as ainnle provision na was practicable had been' made for seating the congregation. The mem bers of St. Francis Benefit Society, wearing the! blue sash of the order, acted as stewards, and procured seats for ladies when it was pos bible to do so. A temporary platform rising in tierti had been erected at the south end of the cathedral for the members of the choir, who numbered about sixty vocal and instrumental ; performers, including a band, the whole being tinder the able leadership of Mr G. K, G. Prinze. Soon after ten o'clock the bishops ; and clergy having vested in the private chapel of the Bishop of Melbourne attaohed to tho episcopal residence, a procession moved j from the chapel referred to in the following order: — Thurifer with Thurible, cross-b'arer ; supported by an acolyte on either side* about \ twenty youths in surplices and red cassocks, clergy from the ; ' various u dioceses, '-seven suffragan bishops attired in cope and mitre, and the Archbishop of Sydney, attended by his chaplains, and followed by two youths bearing . his train. The prooession having moved through the grounds attached to the bishop's residence, entered the cathedral by the prin cipal door, and moved up the centre of the nave to within the chancel, where the bishops and clergy took np seats prepared ft.r them. Immediately on the proces sion entering the church, the choir burst forth its sacred music with an effeot which was exceedingly line. Each bishop had his own chaplain in attendance on him within thi.« sanctuary. Grand pontifical high mass of the Holy Ghost was then oi;mtnenced, the Archbishop of Sydney officia ting as celebrant, tho Rev. G. V. Barry an deacon, and the Rev. J. F. Corbett as sub deacon. The Very Rev. Dr. Sheehy, of Sydney, acti-d as assistant priest, Arohdeaoon Rigney and Dean Moore as deacons at the throne, and the Itev. Messrs Corletti and O'Sullivan as musters of ceremonies. Mass having concluded, the procession reformed in the order as before, and passed down the nave of the ohuroh and round tho exterior, smging the hymn ' Ave Maris stella,' and the Paalms, 'Exal- tate Dbo ' ?' Fundamenta ejus,' 'Qaam diltrcto,' 'Ecce qaam bonam,' ' Exandi noa Domine,' ' Exargat Dens.' Having retarned to the chancel, and concluded the chanting of ? the Psalms, the Arch bishop offered up prayer. After the sing ing of some other psalms and hymns arid the offering up ef further prayers, tho decrees- to be observed daring the synod were read. All the bishops then kneeling around the altar, reoited aloud the profession of faith of Pius IV., and each prelate in his turn solemnly swore to profess that faith till doath, and ao far as in him lay to prosorvo it inviolable amongst thoso over whom he was placed in pastoral chargo. The indiction or proclamation of the second session of the synod was then made by the Archbi shop's seoretary, and after Dr. Polding had imr parted the benediotion the ecclesiastics left the ohuroh in prooession as they had entered it, and the proceedings dosed at about half -past 'one o'clock. In the evening, pontifical vespers were sung, all the bishops and clergy again assembling. The Very Rev. Dr. Backhaus, of Sandhurst, presided at the organ. At the conclu sion of vespers, the Bishop of delaide ascended the pulpit and preached a well digested and eloquent sermon from St. John; 10th chapter, 16th verse,;' And other sheep I have that are not of this fold ; these also I must gather together, and there shall be one fold and one shepherd.' The cathedral was as full in ' the evening as in the forenoon, the passages being completely blocked up with persons unable to obtain seats. Benediotion, concluded the services of the day, . and' . the opening of the council was completed.. \ 