THE GHOST OP WARD. o • * * "'Buttthatiham4bid 2 f tell the sekrets of the press 'oua I kod a tail n hunfold" * : a * h Hold men, young men, boys, hold If women, young women and girls, male r and feemaile-married and single-nevver r, tri to pen-e-trate the sekrets and misteries r of the pres, bekors if u do, you'll honly a gitt hinto trouble. Tie the dark hun. known, the man in the iron marsk, the s valed profit of korassan, the mystery of misteries, and the sekrtt of sekrets. The 0 press mann, is like the mystick laird in the e la of the larat minstrel-" is form no darknin' shadow traced upon the sunn?y e wall," there4 take mi hadvice, and don t e go a wil-o-the.whisp hunting, b kors u r wont find it such a pleasant divershun has the red herrin arrangement. Her's a " riddle, and a pun of mi hown kon koc I ktion. Why's a head hitter like a blind y rnouse? U karnt gess-u guys it iup. Well I o B kors he's a non-eye-mouso. U R in l dooty bound to larf at this. Tuchin o sekrets I'll tell u 1 if u ken keep hit. I wrote this. By gosh I did. But don't tell hanny boddy. But 2 return 2 mi subject, as a preecher would sa-I apolo \- se reeders 4 going hout of the was. Hit his as dangerous 2 tri 2 hunveil the mistories of the pros, as hit wed b 2 tri 2 katch the devill's tale. Don't a tri b kors just as 'ou think u av gott old of the tipp, hit will slip through you fingers like a greased hash a of litening. King Chas 2 nevver weod believe Butler-not hour 4-heonsick frond I -writ Sir Hudibras, bekors he looked so simple and hunassuming bin sosioty. I But I kann assure u that Butler did, and I the roundheds were lampooned, the Kavaliers larft and Butler was no wore for fop Charley's skeptecism. So u o won u peeping toms of press propriety and skribeilty when u hav got your man u dont stick 2 him, but beeleeve someboddy else did the trik. What matters P reed the and writin on the wall, and nerver mind the and as wrote it. Everyboddy wanted to no who Junius was but they R none the wiser yett. Iknow, however, and will tell u bin mi next if you'll av patience. I av gott some important manuskript. Hat one time mi frend Theodor Hok hedited the Jon Bull-a most blackguard paper. It used to bully and abuse heverybody just as I do, only not so well. As usual, everybody wanted to no who was the rabbid writer. There were as usual a thousand gesses, every likely body was skowled hat, & of kors they skouled in return hat heverybody else whom they suspekted. Sur Worlter Skott, mi great hunkle's aunts kusin, sed that there was only one who could write it, and that wos-Hook. Hook ad to Hook it. But like a fox he dubled is pursuers arfter this fashun-I gave im the int. He wrote a very milde letter to the heditter of Jon Bull denyin-" as the hoditter knew"-that e (Theodoor Hook) ad hanythiug 2 doo with the paper. He oped the editter wood do im the favoer, & lett the denial appear. The letter happeared, & on the followin da an heditorial kame out ot and strong on Hook 4 " is ordassity in presuming 2 suppose hanybody wod 4 1 moment sus. peckt im of being the heditter of Jon Bull. Him, hindeed-a puny, piping punster, a mendikant & demi fool. No; the heditorial penn of John Bull was weeldod by 1 offifty times the weight& hin tellokt of Hook." This ruse took well,and the publick sent was totally lost. Being n behind the seens, i ma tell u that Hook wrote the letter and the leader. Thus in those early times arose the saing-" lie did it with a Hook !" On another k okashun, wen I was hin the Western b States, an hedditer of mine wrote wet he b korld one of his" stingers." I ma tell u that mi edditter was a little fellar, and as vindiktive as old Quilp; but he ad so b many stiles of writin that no 1 thort im b the gilty party at any time. On h this okashun I was disgusted at the tone and stile adopted and sacked im, or rather," advised im 2 resine." So u may goss hit was bad. Bi gosh it woes, he o korld his viktim hanr thing but gentle- b man. The " stingy' writer adent bean gone an our, and the new hedditter ad ardly taken is sect won up kame the enraged viktim of the abuse, and se e he, where's that skoundrel of yorse P That viper, that skorpion, that lie writing tl heddittur- if I don't thrash im may I be shot. Tell im i av bought a new whip 4 his benefit. Mi new hedditter was in the next room hnd herd orl this, h so he kamo out-in all the grandeur tl of six feet three. R, u the hedditur sed the henraged hindividual in a tone somewhat subdued. I am, sea he. Then sod the other, did u write that tissue of lies in this mornins paper P I decline 2 arnser sez mi new man. Then sod the other I shall demand satisfacktion. It Orl rite, sed my new "?un, as you ar going 2 whip me, I shall take the bull hi A the orns, and so sain he took the v hip from the enraged man and whipped im, T and after doin so kicked im down stairs. On another okashun I red of a man konnecktod with a paper who ad is branos battered in from behind by a stick for an artiklo, a line of which he had not T written; ther.4 mi friends don't try 2 peep beehiud the seens, or unveil the I veild. C wot kan be seen, and be kon tented. Thor r good and sfificient reasons why a kurtain should conceal tihe workers. If you will gess and pry u only 9 puzzle your branes for a poor chance, 4 the ods are 100 to 1 against u. Like tihe noblin pace, n must over kry "Lost, F Lost, Lost." I shall press the matter no further. ARTEMUS. E 