THE TOWN AND SUBURBS. Political Gossip. — Real Liberals are not very well satisfied at four of the Macpherson Ministry voting against payment of members and only two voting for it. Tbo pnblio say that, if this is the manner in which the Minis- try intend taking np the measures of their predecessors, the session had better he closed at once, and all innocents slaughtered right off, instead of being devoted to a lingering death. Mr Longmore's zeal for the North-weBtern Railway is strikingly contrasted with his denun ciations of that railway when bofore his con stituents, and the assertions repoatedly made that the railway was intended only to benefit tho squatters in tho north. We do not imagine that Mr G. P. Smith will relieve tho Government of their re sponsibility touching tho Wino, Beer and Spirits Statutes Bill, although Mr Macpherson so graciously invited him to do bo the other evening. It is most definitely settled amongst the Liberal Opposition that tbo Ministry, while having every faoility afforded them far carrying on the business of the country, must bo compelled to adopt a bolder course, and assnme responsibility as well as power and pay. Certain iudieationa have been given within tho last fow days that tbo prominent position assnmed by tho old Op position, as represented by Messrs Fellows, Langton and Duffy, is distasteful to many who hitherto, since the appointment of Mr Ralfe, have sailed in company with Mr Byrno. Somo shrewd politicians indeed pronounce an explo sion inevitable, and that speedily. CnAn'ge against A Medical Man. — To-doy a gentleman called at the office of this paper, and stated that a leading medical gen tleman of thia city had behaved in one of onr pnblio institutions in a most improper manner to a young married woman who was under his care. The husband of tbe yonng woman went, it is said, to the medical man's house last night, intending to indict summary punishment on the offendor, bnt not finding the dootor at home is reserving his wrath for somo more favorable occasion. The namoa of all the parties mixed up in this affair have been handed in to us, and the circumstance is mentioned in tie hope that fall inquiry and publioity might yet be given. The Division op Hothasi into Wards. — A deputation irom toe lnaaBitante oi JbLotuam m favor of tho division of that borough into wards will wait upon the hon. Chief Seoretory at 12 o'clock to- morrow. Spiritism. — An exhibition of spiritualistic manifestations is shortly to be mado in one of tho pablio halls of tho city by a Mr Chapman, who announces in staring placards about the streets that he will present among other wonders that of " a man in a sackful of ghosts 1" The Road to Ruin. — At tbo City Police Court, this morning, two young girls appeared beforo their worships under painful circum stances, although they were not prisoners. Ono, Bn intolligent and tidy, but " fast" look ing girl, of thirteen only, accompanied her mother, who was oharged with foul language. This girl was described by tho polico as enter ing upon a coarse in whioh her mother had ob tained an infamous notoriety. The mother did not care much for justifying herself, but de clared that her daughter had been in a "respeotahle situation" for eighteen months. And where 7 At a gin-palace in Little Bt u:ke street 1 .The other melancholy iaetanoe was tbftt ol a young woman of seventeen or eighteen, of an attractive appearance, Who came to state as a witness that the had, as barmaid at the Coloisenm, eervod a prisoner with drinks at 4 o'clock this morning. Is there no remedy for theso hapless ones ? Steam Navigation Boahd. — An official ocnrt inquiry will be held into the cause of tho loss of the ship Victoria Tower on Monday , tho 25th inBt, at tho offices of tho Steam Naviga tion Board. The inquiry will commonco at 10,30 a.m. Loyal Liberal Association. — This associa tion seems vigorously resuming its operations, as if in anticipation of a political campaign having soon to ho ontorod upon. At Foota- cray last evening a most successful meeting was held for tho purpose of forming a branch of the association in that placo. In various localities throughout Wost Bourke similar branohea are to be formed. Tho exe cutive committee of tbo association is busily bestirring itself. On Monday even ing tho general committeo will bo called together for tko purpose of discussing n course of action that will bo presentod for tho farther working of tho association. At the meeting it is expected n largo number of tho Liberal members of Parliament will be present. Tankard's hotel is to be the place of rondcz- VUUep HUU lb 18 uDlICipObvU IrUU U VJUIwuD movement will bo entered upon. PitOBATE woe taken out to-day to the will of the Into Mr Jared Robinson, coppcremitb, tho amount of personalty being sworn at £3000. Melbouene Ponct. — We have received this week's number of Melbourne Punch. The cartoon, representing the Chief Secretary riding " tho fnvorite," and Mr Punch giving him tho advice to " ride a waiting raeo, and linct on the square," is good. The half pago block is devotod to a welcome of Captain Gray, of tho Great Britain. The letterpress, devoted chiefiy to social topics of the day, compares favorably with that of tho other comio periodicals. Police Gazette Literature. — A till, con taining a pound in silver and coppers, three defaced Bixpenny pieces, a hole in one, a coun terfeit shilling, a halfpenny, mado bright by being rnbbed with qnieksilver, an American cent, and halfpenny of tho reign James II. has been stolen from James Bolgor. Louis la Roche has lost a cash-box containing savon or eight shillings. Tho key, a fix t tiro, cannot be taken ont. An antimacassar, pattern of "swan in lillieia and a duck flying over water" has been stolen fromMadelino street. Edward Precce is wanted ; he has got a stooping and swaggering gait, and a peoaliar expression abont thd eyes when ho speaks. Two mares wero malicionsly injured at Benaila, on tbo 10th inBt., by having their mnneB ana ibiib cuppea on ctosc. Ltaniet Enwright has absconded from his hired service. Ho has fall and open grey eyes, with a peculiar cast, like that of blindness. Henry Smedly is wanted, for stealing a tab. Hois English, aged about sixty, oft. Gin. liigb, stout build, nose turned to the left side, no front teeth, greyhnir, grey whiskers all round, slovenly gait ; wore old dork tweod coat, old moleskin trouters, and old white jerry hat with calico crown ; goneral appearance that of an " old hand." Ho was accompanied by a pockmarked womau, agod fifty-five er sixty, and carried a magpie ia a cage mado out of a candle-box. Walter Jones is charged with theft. Ho has a slightly hooked nose, wide month , which he turns from one side to the other as he speaks, fresh cut from an adze on the left shin, flash appearance, talks much of his being a fighting man, and plays the concertina ; wore durk coat and trousers, Wel lington boots cnt at the toes, and light ielt hat with Btraw underneath the loaf. Ho is followed by a wbito torrier dog. Detective 3rd oiass Garter, John, who was gazetted in the Police Gazette of 5th inst., as having absconded, has returned, and been allowed to resume duty. Mr Rorert Heller, the celebrated pianist and professor of legerdemain, will finish his engagement at the School of Arte, Sydney, this week, and will return to Melbourne to open his seances at the Princose' Theatro early next month. Rewards to Police. — Tbo following rewards have been paid out of the Police Reward Fund : — To detectivo 2nd class John M. Christio, at Molbonrne, £3, for the arrest and prosecntion of Denis Gaynor, alias Edwards, sentenced to throo years for stealing from the person. To conBtablo Henry Wilkinson, at Smcnton, Ballarat district, £2, for the arroit and prose cution of William Murphy, for insulting behavior and wilful destruction of property; and identified as under a ohargo of bestialility. To detective let oIosb Charles Black, at Mel bourne, £5, for tho arrest and prosecution of Henry Dyer, Henry Hazoll and Joseph Jen nings, for stealing lamps. To constable Patrick Roilly, at Warrangarre, Gipps Land, 1:3. fnv thn ftrrPRf. nnrt nrnHnnnHnrs n f AH Viol?. sentenced to twelve months o: uttering spurious gold. A (Remove. — Tbe legal profession of onr metropolis is abont to be reinforced from tho e ran try. Mr Samuel, the late candidate for Maryborough, not being able to toko np his re sidence in Melbourne as an M.L. A., has re solved to follow the practioe of his profession in this oity. He purposes quitting the scene of Mr M' Roan's victory next wook. ' 