?^|l2'::^P^^\\!3;:;': b ? :.. ,. ▼ . .. ._ ? ? It is,, not very often chat a Colonial I Treasurer has to congratulate himself upon I a flourishing state of . the revenue, . but! it', I has happened ..to the gentleman, who at present presides over the finances of the. country ; to -find that the revenue is fully up to the expenditure necessary to1 carry on the government of the colony. Owing to the general dulness of the times and to' the fall in price of the principal pastoral products or tHe country it was scarcely an ticipated that the revenue would show any increase'upon the corresponding quarter of ffl last year. This increase, however, is ffl not a mere nominal affair but the sum is jl something considerable being no less than j £100,819 13s. lid. The items of increase I show in all £116,226 from which must be ;H deducted a few items of decrease giving the ,1 above handsome increase upon the transac 1 tion of the last quarter. In the customs I department we find an increase upon most I of the items to which is added the sum of I £29,387 received from the colony of Vic 1 toria as the dues collected on goods passing I River Murray. The collection of the ad i valorem duties appears to be looked after I with more care as the returns show I the very large large increase of £21,867. i When we consider that this particular i source of revenue yielded, in 1867, I £104,739, in 1868, £129,477, and rose B during the first six months of the present i year to above £90,000, we may conclude g that the Customs authorites have looked g pretty sharply after the mercantile com g munity who are in the habit of contribut h ing to this source. This great yield of g revenue from the ad valorum duties is no I indication of prosperity in commercial g circles ; on the contrary, it may be earned by an excess of importations, and, to be lieve in the general dullness of trade, the latter cause is the more probable. In the latter contingency, we shall find, in all probability, that, for the next few months, importations will be considerably less and the ad valorem^ duty reduced in propor tion. The land revenue, which has yielded such enormous sums of money, still keeps I up, and even shows a considerable increase over tlie past quarter. This result is far more indicative of the prosperity of the the colony than anything else ; for, when we find large sums of money invested in the purchase of land, it proves that a large number of persons are in a position to be come their own masters, which, in times of dullness, does not happen with \ery many. The free selectors have also added a considerable sum to the revenue, either in paying up the balance upon their pur chase money, or interest on the same. The iost Office, stamp, and railways figure amongst the items of increase, and although I the electric telegraphs show the item of . ~* 17s. 7d. over the corresponding quar teivof 1868, still this is far less than the amount realised before the newspaper tax vas. imposed. Taking the quarters reve nue as a whole, it shows the finances of , e, C(-lony to be in a very satisfactory con wfcion, and for which the Treasurer has reason to congratulate himself. Notwith- ?' ; ^ding this .pleasant state of things, it ; *'1 be tlie duty of the Government to Persevere in the course of retrenchment upon which it has ; entered, and in *mch they will have the support of the country. Besides,, the present Ministry »P edged to repeal the ad valorem duties wtjho end of the year, and it will be ne oessary either to substitute some fresh jnpuns of raising revenue, or- to cut down ?«»e expenditure, of the1 country commensu *te. with the loss whidi^fce' treasury will ^pevience by the, .ab.plish^entof the ad ^loi-em duties- The .matter- will have to i occupy! the attention of Parliament shortly after the, assembly.; ,L, In another portion of; our present issue we give full particulars of , the imposing and ; interesting ceremony, which took place recently in Dublin on the occa sion of removing the remains of the Great Liberator to their. final resting place in the magnificent crypt just erected in Glasnevin cemeteryl It is now twenty two years1 since Daniel O'Connell breathed his, last in a strange land after, spending a life in battling for the emancipation of his coun trymen and co-religionists from the bonds under which they had for several centuries lived. ; The history of that grand move ment which culminated in the passing of the Emancipation Act is in fact becoming a part of the history of Ireland and Great Britain, but the one figure whick appears conspicuous amidst the agitation and Struggles which preceded that measure is that of him who is now known by the name of the Great Liberator. The opening of the British Legislature and other official posts to Catholics was the beginning of that movement which at the present mo ment is achieving the overthrow of that alien Church which for so many years was predominant in Ireland. The vast assem blage of prelates, of the Catholic Lord Chancellor, of the judges and of so many other noble persons was a proof that the doctrines taught hjl Daniel O'Connell were still those believed in by a large proportion of some classes of the Irish people. Throughout the whole career of O'Connell he never lost sight of his religion, and it was this which gathered around him the seven millions of Irishmen who joined him in the demand for religious and political freedom. His religion and his country shared equally his anxiety and in all the agitations which he carried on he never allowed one to be put forward at the expense of the other. He understood too well the nature of his countrymen and that it was their religion which kept alive their love of country. For centuries both had been proscribed by their English oppressors and when O'Con nell presented himself to his countrymen it was to obtain for them not only political but also religious liberty. We all know the history of that movement which com pelled the English Parliament to accede to the demands of the Liberator, and which has rendered the name of O'Connell so dear to every Irishman. The subsequent movement for the repeal of the Union was carried on with equal vigor by him whose very life was devoted to the good of his country, but 'he was riot destined to see this chei'ished idea of his accomplished. Smoe of his countrymen believed in his doctrine of an Irish Parliament bound to England by the golden link of the Crown, and we know that the Repeal Association numbered among its members most of the leading Irishmen of the day both clerical and lay. The removal of the earthly re mains of the greatest Irishman of modern times, was a fitting opportunity for review ing tlie vast work accomplished by him, and we find accordingly, that the Rev. Thomas Burke, at the close of the religious ceremonies, presided over by Cardinal Cullen, preached a' most elegant panegyric on the virtues and. patriotic motives which actuated Daniel O'Oonnell throughout his life. It is forcibly put before before us that religion was at the root of all his actions, a circumstance which at the pre sent time is seldom seen among the vari ous politicians -/who ave agitating in the various countries of Europe. We recom mend our readers to go carefully through the sermon of Father Burke, and they will find the character of the Great Liberator put forth as one worthy of imitation by all his countrymen in every part of the world. It is quite refreshing to find that the views we put forth about the conduct of Mr. Parkes- in the O'Farrell case have been endorsed by the English Press. We refer particularly to that part of the affair when Mr. Parkes engaged in- conversation with the wretched maniac and had the service lot a; short-hand writer engaged to note eyery word which the unfortunate man might drop. The author of the Kiama ;Ghost, no doubt thought it a bright idea to ; unravel the supposed Fenian con spiracy by this underhand and disgraceful method^ but he was miserably defeated in the object he sought. In fact the part he took in this affair caused the loss of his position as Colonial Secretary, and the breaking up of the Martin Ministry. Al though he found here some persons to; de fend him :in his character of detective officer, in England his action is denounced in the most severe terms. Our readers already know what the Parliament of Great Britian thought of the matter having rescinded a motion to have the O'Farrell papers printed, on the ground that it would not identify itself with the manner in which they had been obtained Our readers may know something of the characters qf Messrs. Whalley and Newdo gate who are conspicuous in the British Parliament for their insane bigotry and hostility to every Catholic claim. They appear to have been the only two members who believed the last confession of O'Farrell to have been the work of a priest. Speaking on the matter the Daily News say : — ' Mr. Whalley does not appear to be a product peculiar to the British Isles. The politi cal flora of which be is the bright consum mate flower has, unlike the natural one its counterpart in Australia. Mr. Parkes seems to be an antipodean Whalley. While the reckless criminal O'Farrell was awaiting his punishment for the attempted assassination of the Duke of Edinburgh, the brilliant idea occured to that gentlemen, then Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, of entrapping the convict into a conversational confession, and taking down every word that he might say, through the instrumentality of a concealed shorthand-writer. We have compared Mr. Parkes to Mr. Whalley, but we have no reason to think thatthe member for Peterborough, would be capable of this treacherous practice. O'Farrell, either seeing he had to deal with a man who was bent on being duped, or thinking that if he framed his confession in accordance with the expectations of his hearers, he might recommend himself to merciful considera tion, told a cock-and-bull story about a Fenian organization, in New South Wales, to which a warrant had been sent out from this country,, ior the assassination of the Duke of Edinburgh. O'Farrell further stated that he was one of two men who cast lots for the office of executioner, which fell to him.' The writer of the article goes on to explain how O'Farrell reti acted all this pretended information, and that 'subsequent investigation proved that no such organisation existed in the colonies, how tlie British Government re fused to publish the papers because ?' on learning ;the Wans by which the so called confession \y v^ obtained, it was properly considered rf Sfexpedient to give to it, and the method by which it was acquired the show of sanction which would be imparted by laying it before the Parliament.' The articles concludes with these words — ' The trio Parkes, Newdegate and Whal ley are as wonderful examples of fanatical credulity in the nineteenth century as the West countries whose belief in charms and ... ..I ,,...? ?:?.?:?'.??? ,'_? * witchcraft, periodically amazes and shook* the preachers of progress and the advocates T of the diffusion of useful knowledge.' We are sure our readers will not be surprised to find that the conduct of Mr. Parkes, in the. Q'Farrell business is condemned wherever it is heard of. We condemned it at the time and we are convinced that even those who thought different of it during the time of excitement would be unwilling to see ?'.. the same system carried out again. The subject of a free library is once more . .;' occupying the attention of the authorities^ '], It is now some years since the matter was ; brought prominently before the countryy and on that occasion the Parliament evin ced every desire to follow the example of Victoria, and to vote, funds necessary to establish a library open to every member of society. Since then circustances have interfered with the views of the govern ment, and Sydney is still without its free library. The history of the Australian Library is pretty well known to all those who have taken an interst in this institu tion, and after a . career of several years ifc succumbed to the apathy shown towards it on the part of the public. A very valu able collection of books was gathered and' the question is now whether they shall be sold and scattered about or whether they shall be kept as the nuclues of the future free library. The government have been at '; different times in negociations with the directors with a view of purchasing these books, but nothing has come of them and an announcement that the valuable library was about to be brought to the hammer, induced the municipal authorities to take the matter in hands. Accordingly a de putation from the civic body waited. upon the Colonial Secretary on Tuesday last to ascertain the views of the government upon, the question of a. free library and ask whether they would allow the books of the Australian Library to be scattered. The Mayor represented that in the Town Hall now in course of erection, there was provision made for the accommodation of a free Library, and he was desirous of know ing the views of the government upon the subject, for the municipal body were un willing that so valuable a collection o books as that pertaining to the Australian Library should be lost to the colony. Mr. Robertson coincided with the views of the Aldermen, that it would be a pity if the colony could not retain the Library in question, and^ with this view, he had directed certain parties to examine the '? books, in order to make an offer for their purchase. Although there is a sum of £25,000 available for the establishment of a Free Library, the great difficulty is to obtain a site suitable for such an institu tion, and though many spots have been pointed out, difficulties have arisen in the way of obtaining them. . In the course of conversation between the Colonial Secre tary and the deputation from the Municipal body, the discussion about the most ap propriate site for a Free Library was freely spoken about. Mr. Robertson stated that the Corporation had commenced to build a Town Hall, upon land which had not yet been conveyed to them, and that such a building was not in any way suited for the accommodation necessary for a Free Library. The site of the Immigration Barracks was spoken of, but this spot was likely to be required for the new Law Offi ces, and when Mr. Alderman Hurley mentioned the building of the old Museum the Colonial Secretary, as well as others present, considered this spot one of the, : very best which had been pointed out* . 