1 irtungs frmprilionvqgihmfit. QUERIES.—What chemical is used in solving a difficulty • Is a whip used in driving a bargain! Are needles used in knitting the brows? Do " veina. of wealth" belong to the." body politic?" Whatia the width of a broad hint? The Question of "the Day."—When to get married. A Sporting Circle.—The racecourse. • To fix Attention.—Rivet the eyes of the audience. CONS. - ' Why should soldiers be never asked to dine?— Because after dinner they are likely to de(s)sert. Why is mopey sometimes called sugar?—Because it is one of the sweets of office. • Why does a publican always remain at homef—» Because he is an in(n)keeper. Why are Companies (limited) not likely to "answer?"—Because of the want of "response"- ability. . _ ECCFNTRICITIES. \- • "I didn't think you d be so jolly hard on me." as the anvil said to the hammer. A tradesman announces in a recent circular that he "dies" for the ladies, and "revives" for tha gentlemen. What does he do for the "kids?" • CRUEL.—Eeating time, settling a difficult?, cutting a joke, crushing an argument, twisting an expression, stifling an enquiry. QUERIES.—Which letter of the alphabet is » love letter? Of what timber is the post of honourt Whereabouts in the body are the bones of contention? Who chiselled the stattite) quoi Hair many wheels has a carte blanche i On what tree glows the leaves of absence? Which wind is the most popular air? Do people use lamp-glasses for ha hi drinks? THEATRE ROYAL.—There was a crowded hoosa on Thursday night in attendance on LavaSer did Shylock. Tht latter was presented for the flirt time this year, vrith a new Portia also. Both tha leading characters made their mark on the piece, and distinguished themselves by spirited acting in an atmosphere inclined to dulness. Mr. Mobt- . gomery's Shylock was rendered so inteib'gible and distinctive in its first impersonation as to disarin criticism for fie future. Whoever adopts tha actor s view of the motives of the Venetian iisnter would be thaukful for the absence of all the grosser features generally imparted to thp character. Snylock-s _ provocation is very skilfully brought into prominence. His warm paternal feelingsare contrasted with the unnatural ferocity to which revenge instigates liim. Even at his 'wolst' he is never repulsive in Mr. Montgomery's portraiture His wrongs always predominate over the hatred he feels against his enemies. His foiled retaliation but deepens the impression that he is, after all, the worst usee mah~ in tha company. Miss Juno made Portia a sprightly maid and a dignihsd youtig doctor of law. Her pei> forma nee 111 court had sometliing of the unevenness which commonly attends lej&l; debuts. Her remosirance with Shylock was better in the argumentative than iu the declamatory part. The " quality of mercy" peroration did not receive its fauest significance, but otherwise the scene was well treated. To-night has an indefinite ombination of attractions to depend upon. It is to be Mr. Montgomery's farewell benefit. It is to be also an olla podrida night , and in all the selections Mr. Montgomery himself will figure, down even to the farce, which is to be a new one—"Bamboozling."' . Another brilliant crowd may therefore be confidently anticipated. THE GALATEA.—The China Mail says H.R.H the Duke of Edinburgh is expected at Yokohama about the end of August. Admiral Keppel will then proceed with the Salamis, Galatea, and Adventure by way of the Inland Sea to Tientsin, where Sir E. Adcock will embark in the Adventure, visiting the ports down the coast to Hongkong. From Peking the Galatea will proceed to Shanghai and Hongkong, arriving at the latter place by the middle of October. The Rodney was to leave for England on arrival of the June at Yokohama, and the Ocean would temporarily become flag- ship. ' Would it be fair to style a merchant a " Lucky dog" who has half-a- dozen barks upon the sea. . THE CAPUCHIN'S SEKMON AT THE CATHB DRAL OF ST. STEPHEN, AT VIENNA A G.pucWu. preaching a Lent lecture at the great cathedral of St. Stephen, at Vienna, is said to have sUrtled his audience by a fcauul nairation, somewhat to the following efiect:—"There was once a hute aud woa thy monastery iu this duchy. Iu vineyards produced rich and well-flivoured wine. Its bains were filled with a!l manner of wore. Fat beeves chewed the cud in its meadows. Carp by thou* sands were leaping its fisU-poads. The neighbouring trout stream was the r.ride of the monks and the envy of every otiier religious house in Germany Well! the reverend fathers ate, drank, and were merry. They never kept a Lenten fast. -'.They were utterly unconscious of the panga ef Irtineer or the humiliations oi penury, so they norer fed the famishing or olotbed the naked. They had more wine than they required for .tbe Mass. and not enough to turn .heir mills with, so they caroused from night till morning, and from mora, •ng till mailt. One solemn day, a day of pehitesce and prayer according to the rules of their Order, they were indulging in wild uproar M& rewira. Ihe refectory conoed with snatchea ©$ licentious song J nd laughter following souw &mble-edaed; gioc. Suddenly a lend knock was heard ac tha cu*er door, knock, knock, fc&ock-f; The janitor wc-ct to open it, and was siaitoi ny the apparition of a thin tail man-bis skull-bonefl scarcely covcred with the.Parchment-skin.stretched over them. He wa? attued m the frock of the OrdeK hut. the shaft: was antiquated, the materialscarosly to be re^smsed; u was, moreover, threndbaie and ir.Qtu- _ea.en. He asked, in hollow aad sepulchral tooes, for admittance. Tbe jauito? was alarn ed. and shutting the gate 011 tbe stranger,- went to seek instructions from tbe superior. ' There steiidii at the gate au odd queer mas v who asks for admittance. He wears the frock of our Order but' •No buts. said the Abbot; 'lei him in. We must show hospitality to ibe brethren; place him I S n^-' ^L^ 1 Oi' win^nd feteh forthwith knife, platter, and pasty.' ?he straiun mopfe was introduced; be bowed; he tookfcissaS! mt his head waa covered with his uot a iuorsfti, he diank uot a - W ^ » few minutes more knocks were heard aVU» gate; kno& knock .kmc*!, Again life ianU M^ .ygached, trembling, and fa!tei«d tortfiT^ Sik there are hundreds a^d hundreds of these thm monks before, tbe Mte. .demanding admittance I* Let them all in 1 Wo've wine enough to lsat till tha M illcumum: So. in' they cameTcrewdina tha refectory. The hall was crammed; the ^vStfhuW ''f tie Pulpit, where the reader e K l the brethren w«ute the, dined; the DuiSk ttsetf and ia^ny stood on the boobboara hSf sofe^ S the air. Then theru arose a distalaomdVaS crackling, crackling; a deadly flesh baruina, minted with sulphnrous- steam. uvmg monK, werefllkd wiihVustemadcT T^g knees smote toge-her. and their tobgues dav^S the roofs ot their months, for they relt that?he£ were in the presence of thu dead. Theu us he first ghost, that had appeared™and%ai£ Brethren I was ones the Abbot of this aneien* and venerable fcous* I ate, 1 dranfc IcarousrA I never worshipped. In my heart f nerarfeakd ^odnojregardedir.n; and new. I amtormented 111 the games. These were my -companions- th« led a similar lite of gluttony and luatTmdtbey Rri m like manner tormented, liut we must gloriS the Lord even in the lire! So sing brethrof Gloria Patru et Filio. ct Spirit J san^o^; spectres hissed out an awful Gregorian tone, concluding with Amen, A loud clap of tiwndep accompanied the strain, and when it was j^hlS the strange guests had disappeared—tho.»«feetorw contained only the living monks. IHEJRENENTS? they did work meet for repentaius&TFFHS;, their cellar of wme. and rebuilt TIIEFC. FSG great magnificence. Tbey founded »» W . ? ? They fed the poor. TNEY N S ?H* B £? PITEL stricken in the year of THE LIT S T ^ ^OS 1 ®- s 