MISCELLANEOUS. A NEW Gun The Ordnance Select Committee, on Friday, attended at Shoeburyness, to lost Captain Moncriod'a wrought-iron carriage and platform for the 7-inch 7-ton 15-pounder rifled muzzle-loading gun. Captain MonurieiV's system of mounting guns is by the arrangement of a carriage and platform in a very simple manner, so that the gun can be hoisted by a counterpoise to fire over a parapet 100 foot high, thereby giving complete security to the officers and men working the guns from the enemy's direct Urn, though not securing them from vertical fire. The ground in front of the gun was marked off by pickets placed in line from left to right, and numbered from 1 to 11, corresponding members being marked off on the edge of the outer or Hut races upon which the gun traversed. By this means, the ranges and elevation having been previously noted, the gun can be laid, elevated, and fired at the order of a single officer on the watch (and partially but pretty safely Screened by the parapet from an enemy's Uro if in action at any moving object approaching the points thus indicated, without being seen at all by the artillerymen, who work the gun entirely under cover in the pit in which the carriage is placed. The gun was hoisted and fired many times in rapid succession, with very excellent results, although the target was not actually hit, the artillerymen working the gun never having themselves soon the object they were fir- ing at. Duet and gravel were also shovelled over the working gear of the carriage, to imitate the worst effects of shot or shell striking near around. But in a few minutes the dust was swept away, and the gun and carriage were working as freely as before. The Times believes that the adoption of Captain Moncrioll"« system for the handling of artillery will render us as invulnerable as we can over hope to be in war. It may make the defence far stronger than the attack, and to England, whose motto is " defence, not defiance," this will be the most invaluable of all books. The public will be justly indignant if the development and adoption of such an invention be obstructed either by official dulness or by professional theories. This is not a question, for instance, to be left in the hands of a select committe. It is one which deeply concerns the whole army and the whole nation. It may save us from spending millions in useless fortifications, while at the same time it may render such a country as this almost impregnable. The Inventor has done his part, and it remains for the Government to do theirs. They may be assured that, unless they are on the alert, they will be anticipated by foreign countries. The Austrian Government has already opened communications with the inventor, and the Prussian officers who were at Shoeburyness on Friday ore in the employ of a Government which is not likely to wait ten years before making use of a discovery which throws the needle gun into the abode. PiirsicrAKs' Fbs Tho Alhenreum, in a paper on the medical! profession, considers it is time a change were effected with regard to foes that a young physician should be permitted to take less then the orthodox guinea, and a physician of established reputation be at liberty to demand more. In point of fact, however, the scale of payment does vary considerably. There are physicians and consulting surgeons who expect a guinea as could visit ; there are others, with a reputation equally high, who see their patients twice for the same sum. Moreover, if a physician attends a consultation, he makes his own terms, and the sum expected is intimated to the friends of the patient through the family doctor. To general practitioners still greater freedom is allowed. They charge what they please for medicine and attendance, and often in proportion to the wealth or supposed wealth of their patients. The annual bill is seldom disputed, for who would wish to have on altercation with his doctor? and it rarely happens that a clover medical man loses practice in consequence of the exorbitant of his charges. Wo shrug our shoulders, perhaps, and grumble, but are consoled by the thought that if our apothecary Tomkins, charges more for his attendance than Messrs. Smith and Brown, his superior skill entitles him to a higher remuneration It is so comfortable to believe that we have made a wiser choice than some of our neighbors, and so reasonable that we should be required to pay something extra for the comfort. . After all, the fashion adopted in the far East has much to recommend it. Better to pay a doctor for keeping us in sound health than for relieving us in sickness. Sidi-kl-Hamsa.-In the Italian Correspondence, which is known to be kept well informed by the Florence Foreign-office, whose acknowledged organ it is, it was lately stated that the French Government was again pressing upon the Emperor of Morocco to keep the Arab chief Sidi-ol-Hamso of of greater distance from the frontier of Algeria. The Moorish Sovereign is said to desire no better than to content his brother Emperor, but he is unable to do all that he could wish. Sidi-ol-Hamsa replies to the urgent message of the Sultan that he will do no harm to the people of Morocco, but that neither ' is so minded to remove from the country where he has for the present taken up his abode. To this refusal there would seem to be but one reply namely', the sending of a sufficient force to compel obedience ; but that is not so easily done, for the Arab condottiere is reported to be at the head of about 20,000 men. Now (ho Sultan, whose prestige has not recovered the shock inflicted upon it by the Spaniards in 1860, and who has not cleared off the heavy indemnity extorted from him on that occasion, is of close how to find the means of coercing the audacious leader, whose following has attained to a formidable strength. A short time ago, Sidi-ol-llonisa was between Fez and Moqiiinoz, but it was generally supposed that he would soon transfer himself to the province of Oran, where the French were preparing to give him bottle, and, if possible, to make him prisoner. There have been so many things of greater importance to occupy public attention of late years, that the affairs of Algeria and its aid about countries have been pretty well forgotten ; but I take this Sidi-ol-Hamsa, who was lately astride on the road from Fez to Mequinez, rendering the communication between those places difficult, if not impossible, to be the same man who gave the French some trouble in Algeria, but was ultimately compelled to seek refuge and reinforcements in Morocco. If he, therewith is connected another affair. The agents in Morocco of one of the European Powers reported in the spring of this year that Franco will demanding of the Sultan that he should deliver up a certain Arab outlaw and robber who had Had from Algeria into Morocco. As an alternative, if this demand was not complied with, an indemnity in money was claimed -to the amount, it was said, of twenty-five or thirty millions of francs, in case the Sultan were unable or unwilling to comply with this claim, the difference, it was (bought, might perhaps be compounded by the cession to France of a small island, known as the Isla de Poroxil, opposite Cupo Carnera, and separated from the African continent by a very narrow channel. If I mistake not, the United States were once in treaty for the purchase of this island, for which they were disposed to give a large sum. Bille cannon planted upon it will command the opposite coast of Spain. Jori'iNQS in Lituuatuuk.-Tho Belgravia Annual for last year was a great success., standing for excellencies the hood of all the other shilling annuals. But we have a shrewd notion that this year's Annual will have " metal more attractive" still. We happen to know some thing of the contents. The author of " Lady Audley's Secret" will-a host in herself tell a couple of tales, "My Wife's Promise," and " Christmas in possession ;" Mr. Side will told a ghost story of " The Bad Lord Brackenbury is" the clever novelist, Annie Thomas, otherwise known as Mrs. Pender Oudlip, sends a story ; Mr. Thornbury gives a metrical romance the author of Kiddlc-ii-Wink" tells " The Confes- sion of Zillah, (ho With a" Mr. Gilbert asks " What is a Burlesque?" Mrs. Linno'us Banks, a charming poetess, contributes a tale and Tom Hood, worthy son of a worthy sire, sends a poem. Other names are there is writers, among the rest, Miss [¡million's henchman on Belgravia, Mr. Chcltiiuin, and the mysterious author of "Circo"-liabingtou White! Then there's quite a list of artists on the staff of the Belgravia Annual. Leitch is there for landscape, and the inimitable " Phiz" for fun ¡ while Louis Huard, Brunton, Stiiniland, Fristen Lawson, Thompson, Gray, and Barnard, rob their portfolios to 111! (ho pages of Miss Braddon's Annual with eight full-page and forty other druwings.-Vaitlcy Gazette. Taylor and Bauhow.-Whon Jeremy Taylor was introduced to the Archbishop of Canterbury, his Grace shook his head at the youthful appearance of the young ecclesiastic, and expressed a fear that his extreme youth must be on obstacle to his being ministerially employed. "If your Grace," said Taylor, " will excuse me this fault, I promise, if I live, to mond it." Isaac Barrow was not lose witty than Taylor when he went up for ordination, When the solemn examining chaplain asked him, " Quid est lldoB ?" (What is faith ?) Barrow readily rhymed, in reply, "Quod non vidoB " What you don't see). "Quid ost apes?" (What is hope?) asked the chaplain. " Magna ros" (A great thing), replied Burrow. "Quid est churches?" (What is charity?) " Mugua veritas " (A great rarity), answered the candidate. " Here is a youth," said the chaplain, on going to the Bishop's room, " who returns rhyming rejoinders in Latin to my moral questions, with, I must needs add, as much truth as good rhyme. His name is Bur- row. He is of Trinity College, Cambridge" The prelate, who know the quality of the learned son of Charles I's linen-draper, quietly remarked, " Ask him no more questions. he is better qualified to examine us than we him. He shall have his letters of orders."-" Saints and Sinners," by Dr. Doran. How to Spend a FORtune To young gentlemen beginning life the story of Lord Albert Clinton, as revealed in the Court of Bankruptcy on Saturday, may be recommended as an exhibition of those things which they ought most to avoid. Lord Albert boa devoted his life thus far to the work of showing how soon a foolish young man may bring himself to ruin. The bankrupt told the Court he had "done nothing for years beyond getting into debt." He had £000 a year when his father died, and £10,000 under the marriage settlement. He has now succeeded in reducing his Orroroo to £400 a year ; he has spent the £10,000, and he owes £30,000 boards. The present age of this intelligent young scion of a noble house is twenty-three. He has " seen life so much so that he lately passed five weeks in intimate obs derivation of existence in Whitocross-streot. 