LYCEUM THEATRE. A complimentary benefit was given last mglit in the Lyceum, to Hallas's Volunteer Band, but | the attendance was not fuel) as the occa?ion de manded, and the band, which is a credit to the town, is not likely to reap much benefit, though it is very desirable that the}' should, as they are getting new uniforms wh'ch will have to be paid for. The townspeople are always delighted enough to hear the band play, for it is the best in the colony, and to maintain its efficiency it should he liberally supported. Messrs Stanley and Holmes's dramati; company appeared on the occasion, and performed the sensational drama of "Jessie Brown, or the Helief of Lucknow." Miss Kate Warde enacted the part of the heroine, and as it is one of those characters in which she has the vernacular language at her tongue's end, and acts with spirit, she was of course, a prominent figure. Ihmdal Macgngor and Geordie Macgregor were fairly performed by Mr Daniels and Mr Burton respectively. A consider able amount of humor was thrown into the part of Cassidy by Mr Stanley, but Mr Kogerson as Sweenii was not so effective as he might have been. Mr Heawood performed the character of the chaplain. Mr S. Parker as Nana Sahib did what little he had to do successfully. The drama was not produced with the new and gorgeous .cenerr," dresses, Highlanders, troops, &c;, as the public were led to believe by advertisement, but in a manner far inferior to its perform ance -on- previous occasions. Between the acts Hallas's Volunteer Band played the new medley " All the rage," a new piece called "A night in London" and "The Gloria," all of which were performed in masterly style, though the thumping of the leader's foot first in keeping time was anything but a pleasing accom paniment. After the first piece, Master Pual sang ( several comic songs in imitation of Barry O'Neil. A cornet duet by Messrs Hallas and M'Donald proved a-very enjoyable performance, and was encored. This waB succeeded by a duet on the clarionettes by Messrs Meakin and Foster, which was passably played. The entertainment con cluded with the farce of the " Ghost," in which the audience were kept in roars of laughter by the humorous acting of Messrs Stanley, Iieawood, Weller, Burton, and Misses Ada and Fanny Hart. To-night the drama of "Green Bushes" will be performed. 