DEAN SWIFT ON IRELAND'S WANTS. ONE hundred and forty-two years ago Dean SWIFT published a curt essay called " A Short View of the State of Ireland." There are so many passages in it that are exactly applicable to the present condition of affairs in this country that we have decided to republish them. Prosperity-praters existed in his days as they exist now. It was in reply to prosperity-prating that he composed this essay ; aud again it is in reply to prosperity-prating that we re-publish it. It is well to remind the public of those principles on •which true prosperity depends :— " I am assured," wrote Dean Swin in 1727, " that it has for some time been practised as a method of making metis court when they are asked about the rate of lands, the abilities of the tenants, the state of trade and manufactures in this kingdom, and how their rents are paid, to answer that in their neighbourhood all things are in a flourishing condition, the rent and purchase of land every day increasing. And if a gentleman happen to be a little more sincere in his representation, besides being looked on as not uselt-affected, he is sure to have a dozen contradictors at his elbow. I think it is no mapner of secret why these questions are so cordially asked or so obligingly answered. " But since with regard to the affairs of this kingdom, I have been using all endeavours to subdue my indignation, to which, indeed, I am not provoked by any personal interest, not being the owner of one spot of ground in the whole island, I shall only enumerate by rules generally known, and never contradicted, what are the true causes of any country's flourishing and growing rich; and then examine what effects arise from those causes in the kingdom of Ireland. " The FIRST cause of a kingdom's thriving is the fruitfulness of the soil to produce the necessaries and conveniences of life, not only sufficient for the inhabitants but for exportation into other countries." [Of the fertility of the soil as well as temperature of the climate we have no reason to complain. Though the unprofitable land be more.in proportion than what it i9 in England, yet the native productions which both kingdoms deal in are very near an equality in point of goodness, and might, with the same eficouragement, be as well'manfactured here.] " The SECOND is the industry of the people in working up all their native commodities to the last degree of manufacture." •[In notihaving accomplished this, our misfortune is not owing to our own fault but to a million of discouragements.] . i. " TheTHiBD is the conyeniency of safe ports nd harbours to carry out their own goods as much manufactured and bring in those of othera aj&tk; manufactured, as the nature of nutaal commerce -will allow." , i' [The conTeniency of ports' and harbours which nature has bestowed so liberally ont'iis kingdom is of so more use to us than a beautiul prospecttoa. man *hut up in a dungeon.] " The FOURTH is that the natives should AH mach as possible export and import their goods in vessels of their ,own timber, made in their own country." [As to shipping of its own, Ireland is so utterly unprovided that, of all the excellent timber cut down within those fifty or sixty years, it can hardly be said that the nation has received the benefit of one valuable house to dwell» in, or one ship to trade with.] " The FIFTH is by being governed only by laws made with their own consent, for otherwise they are not a free people; and, therefore, all appeals for justice or application for favour or preferment to another country are so many grievous impoverishments. [It is too well known that we are forced to obey some laws we never consented to, which is a condition we must not call by its true uncontro verted name, for fear of Lord Chief Justice WHITSHED'S (IFot WHITESIDE'S) "ghost, with his Libertas et natale solum written for a motio on his coach, as it stood at the door of the court, while he was perjuring himself to betray both." Thus we are in the condition of patients who have physic sent them by doctors at a distance, strangers to their constitution and the nature of their disease, and thus we are forced to pay 500 per cent, to decide our properties, in all of which we have the honour to be distinguished from the whole race ot mankind.] "The SIXTH is by improvement of land, encouragement of agriculture, and thereby increasing the number of their people, without which any country, however blessed by nature, must continue poor." [As to the improvement of land, owners by covetousness generally leave things worse than they were, and by running into the fancy of grazing, after the manner of the Sytliians, are every day depopulating the country.] " The SEVENTH is the residence of the prince, or chief administrator of the civil power." [We are so far from having a king to reside among us that even the Viceroy is generally absent four-fifths of his time in the government.] " The EIGHTH is the concourse of foreigners for education, curiosity, or pleasure, or as to a general mart of trade." [No strangers from other countries make this a part of their travels, where they can expect to see nothing but scenes of misery and desolation.] " The NINTH is by disposing of all offices of honour, profit, or trust only to the natives, or at least with very few exceptions, where strangers have long inhabited the country and are supposed to understand and regard the interests of it as their own." [Those who have the misfortune to be born here have the least title to any considerable employment, to which they are seldom preferred but upon e political consideration.] " The TENTH is where the rent of laud and profits of employment are spent in the country which produced them and not in another, the former of which will certainly happen where the love of our native country prevails." "The ELEVENTH is by the public revenues being all spent and employed at home, except on the occasion of a foreign war." [One-third part of the rents of Ireland is spent in England, which, with the profit of employments, pensions, appeals, journeys, education at the inns of court and both universities. remittances at pleasure, the pay of all superior officers in the army, and other incidents will amount to a full half of the income of the whole kingdom, all clear profit to Englandi] " The' TWELFTH is where the people are not obliged, unless they find it for their own interest or convenience, to receive any moneys, except of their own coinage by a public mint, after the manner of all civilised nations." [ vVe are denied the liberty of coining gold, silver, or even copper. In the Isle of Man they coin their own silver; every petty prince, vassal t» the emperor, can coin what money 1 he pleases: and in this, as in most of the other articles already mentioned, we are an exception to all other states or monarchies that were ever known in the world.] "Now, if all this be true (upon which I could easily enlarge) I should be glad to know bj what secret method it is that we grow a rich and flourishing people, without j liberty, trade, manufactures, inhabitants, : money, <ir the privilege of coining, without j improvement of land or industry permitted, and'^thmore'than^half thTrents smd profite ) of the whole kingdom annually exported, for j . - , . „° . _ • ,„ J . 'J ( which we receive not a single farthing and to make, upall this, nothing worth mentioning,! except the linen of the North, a trade casual and at tnercy, and some butter from Cork. If we da flourish it must be against every law of nature like the thorn at Glastonbury that blossoms in the midst of winter." To tonclude, $ Ireland, be a rich and flourishing kingdom, its wealth and prosperity nust, he owing to certain eausesthat are yet concealed from the whole'race of mankind, and efleets are equally invisible. We need not wdnder at strangers' when they believe such piradoxes, but'a native and ,inhabitant frthis kingdom, who gives the same verdict, ust be ignorant, to ,stupidity, or a mak T leaser at the ^expense of all honour, tdtir cience, and trnth.-^/riiJl/nan. , 