FROM ADELAIDE. THE Government have withdrawn tho whole of their taxation scheme for the purpose of introducing shortly an extensive system of retrenchment, -which will obviate the "anticipated deficiency. A number of persons visited the liberated •Fenians. At a sale of the cargo of American goods, ex Inverary to- day, kerosene realised 2s. Id. to 2s. ljd. Mr. Glyde stated in the Assembly that the P. andO. Company had expressed an inclination to •land the mails in South Australia for an extra subsidy of £10,000. Tlie motion of Mr. Rogers, for the discontinuance of the branch mail service to King George's Sound was negatived without division. Very satisfactory advices have been received .from Mr. R. D. lloss as to the result of his mission to the Indian Government? regarding the formation of a Government depot in -the Northern •territory. A number.of shares inthe new Mercantile and Marine Insurance Company have been taken up. Good, steady rains fell throughout the colony on Suuday night; to- day, Monday, it is fine and cool. Attention is being strongly drawn by Sir J. Fergusson and others, to the value of the Indian markets for colonial produce ; it is proposed to send a sample cargo, including one tliousand sheep, one hundred tons of flour, an assortment of wines, jams, &c.; Many influential men promise-co-operation in -the scheme. The Press strongly urge, to-day, tho necessity of again trying to induce the P. and O. Oo. to call at a South Australian Port. The new Prison Bill has been read a first time. It gives the Sheriff the supreme control of all the prisons in the colony. Ninety thousaud shares have boen applied for in the new Mercantile Insurance Company. The cargo of sugars ex Sarah was offered at auction to-day, and all sold at prices fully sustaining last rates. The corn market is extremely dull; reliable quotations are impossible. The report of tho Commission on the Lunatic Asylum has been published. It is strongly against the present management. Another protectionist meeting is called for to- night. A curious animal, which baffles the skill of naturalists to define, was a few days ago found in a snare set for rabbits in the demesne of the Marquis Conyngham, at Slane, county Meatli. It is the size of a good cat, with u tall about a foot and a quiu-ter 111 length,-covered with strong, wiry hair. The snout is sharp and pointed, somewhat like a weasel's. In the mouth there are four large tusks, two pointing upwards, and two downwards. A small mane of dark brown hair mns down the whole length of tho back, but tire strangest thing of all is that it has twelve toes or claws 011 each foot, in two rows—seven 011 the outside row, which are exceedingly sharp, and five on the inside. In general it is more stoutly built than animals of tho cat kind. Still, the body is lithe and supple. Tho color throughout is a dark brown, and white on the breast. SPIRITUALISTIC. — Tho Manchester Examiner ends its account of a ghost in a hotel in the city as follows •:—" Meanwhile tho bouse is nightly crowded by hundreds of visitors, who, excited by curiosity, thirst of knowledge, or other desire, hnve been exorbitant in their demand for spirits, to tho no small profit of the landlord." THE STEALER or ROYAL JEWELRY AGAIN.— Tho Albury Banner says :—A shabby genteel man named Osbaldistone, who some time ago distinguished himself by stealing the Duke of Edinburgh's jewelry at Adelaide, yesterday appe.iroa before the Bench, charged with stealing a horse, saddle and bridle from a hotel at the Tumut. The prisoner was identified by a person who had seen him on bis trial at Adelaide, hut be denied the affair, and said that it was a relation of his who had been concerned in the jewel robber}-. Tho prisoner was remanded to Tumut. 