BROUGHTON VILLAGE. A MEETING of our Mutual Improvement So- ciety was held on Friday evening, the 30th April. The president, Mr. T. E, Dryhurst, took the chair. The secretary, Mr. Tomlins, read the minutes of the last meeting, which were approved. The president then called upon the mem- bers appointed to take part in the business of the evening. Mr. John Cook read a very interesting essay, subject, " The cultivation of the hop vine." The essay was one calculated to in- struct, and every person present seemed de- lighted with the manner in which it was given by the essayist. Mr. T. Brown gave a select reading entitled, "Emunlation," which pleased the audience greatly. Master W. Tate gave a beautiful recitation, subject, " Use your talents well," which was given in a very pleasing style. Mr W. Brown contributed a very amusing reading, called, "The cow's ghost," an extract f'rom "Australian Capers." Masters G. and T. Tate gave short but very appropriate recitations, entitled, "Be useful," and "Duty to God and our neighbour." Mr. G. Thompson then gave an amusing reading, entitled, "The adventures of Daniel O'Rourke," which was well received. Mr. W. Blow gave a recitation, entitled, "Billy Dip, the dyer," given in a very pleas- ing manner. Mr. Dryhurst contributed "A lecture by Mrs. Candle," which caused some amusement. Mr. T. Brown next recited in very expres- ive manner a poem by Longfellow, entitled, "The Psalm of Life." Mr. J. Thompson gave a select reading, subject, " Cheerfulness;" and Mr. H. Parish contributed a reading, entitled, "The wedding ring." Both readings were received with ap- plause. The president next announced the subject for debate, viz. :---" Should assisted immigra- tion be continued ?" Mr. W. Blow opened the debate in the affir- mative. He believed that it was necessary to the prosperity of the colony that assisted immigration should be continued, and that it would be the means of many persons of indus- trious habits coming to this colony and making a comfortable living, instead of living in poverty in their own country. Mr. H. Parish argued briefly in favour of the negative. He contended that we have too many unemployed in the colony already: there are thousands even in Sydney who can- not obtain employment. In fact, we have at the present time more of the labouring class than we know what to do with. Mr. T. Brown, in a very sensible speech, supported the affirmative. He thought Mr. Parish must have spoken without thinking; and he believed out of the many unemployed in Sydney, very few could be found willing to go into the country to work. Mr. J. Cook thought the colony was suf- fering from a scarcity of producers, men with a small capital, who could at once settle down and become employers. Under the late sys- tem we did not get this class of persons, and until we do so the colony will suffer. Mr. G. Thompson had not studied the ques- tion, yet he must say he was in favour of as- sisted immigration, as it had proved of great service to many persons who had taken em- ployment when they first came to the colony, and in the course of a year or two, by in- dustry, were able to to form homes of their own. Mr. J. Thompson fully agreed with Mr. Parish. At one time he believed assisted im- migration was of great advantage to the colony, but he thought the time had come for it to cease, as he did not see how we could be benefitted by it at present. Mr. J. Melliday, in a short but senslible speech, supported the affirmitive, and believed the prosperity of a country depended on its po- pulalion, provided there was room and scope for all; consequently, the greater the population the greater its prosperity. Mr. W. Tomlins agreed with the remarks made by Mr. J. Thompson; no doubt very good arguement had been brought forward by the members in favour of the affirmative, yet they had failed to prove that assisted immi- gration would be conducive to the prosperity of the colony. Mr. W. Brown supported the negative, and in so doing he remarked he had listened with attention to the speakers in the debate, and considered many of the supporters of the affir- mative had been talking nonsense. The colony at the present time was in a depressed state, and to countinue assisted immigration would be adding fuel to the fire. After most of the speakers had replied, and the president had made a few remarks, the question was put to the meeting, when the majority were found to be in favour of the negative. 'l'he next meeting of the institute will be held on Friday evening, the 28th May, when the qestion for discussion will be, "From which do we derive the greatest amount of pleasurse, hope or memory ?" It is very grati- fying to note the improvement in most of the members of this society. It really seems that they are determined the society shall accom- plish the object of existence. The schoolroom was upon this occasion crowded many of the ladies of Broughton Villige enlivening the evening's proceedings by their presence. What a pity we have not an alderman living in this neighbourhood, we might then perhaps not only get the approach to our little bridge completed, but also handrails. We must not complain, I suppose,as tenders are called for this expensive piece of word. May 3rd. 