JOHNNY GILPIN. New Version. Bold 'Enry was a citizen Of very great renown, Who wrote himself an M.L.A., For famed Kiama's town. Quoth he, " It's time in politics I made another show ; To my constituents this day I off will stumping go." Then affidavits quick he packed — Sworn to by venial host ; Two spies along with him he took, And eke his " Patent Ghost." Quoth Betsy, " Stay not long away, Your presence we shall lack, Our business old Jack will crush If you're not quickly back. " Then forth on hobby horse he rode, As merry as a grig ; Devising tales of Fenians And slaughtered spectres big. Until he came to Jamberoo, Where he exclaimed : ' ' 'Tis clear There is an opportunity To sup on horrors here." So well he fared, that in his joy He cried, " 'Tis only meet, My hospitable friends, that I Should give to you a treat." With that he loosed his swag and took From it some yarn quite new ; Which, when unrolled, the folks amazed — The spectre met their view. " My friends," he said, " this is the shade I've bottled up so long, But now I'll publish it abroad, The tale can do no wrong. " The ghost you see is that of one Who secretly was slain ; Some say it's false, but to the end My tale I will maintain. "And though Jem Martin has declined To help me in the fight, He says he'll profit by the yarn If I can work it right. " More had he said — but suddenly The people cried, "Hooray ! To find out all about the ghost Here comes the bold Macleay. " Jack Robertson, Will Forster, too, And Samuel at their back, Away, away, bold 'Enry rides, The others on his track. He rushes on : his frightened steed Bespatters him with mire, While in his near pursuers' yell, Each stride seems getting nigher. The gaping populace admire The rattle of the game, " Away ! " they cry, "he rides a race — 'Tis for a place and fame." First affidavits off he flings, To aid him in his flight, Then throws away his "Patent Ghost." It was a merrie sight ! Till when his panting steed gave in, Poor 'Enry stood despoiled Of name, and place, and all for which He all his life had toiled ! Then let us sing long live the Prince, And 'Enry, long live he, And when he next doth raise a ghost, May we be there to see. 