the caps gojlD fields. The Mount Alexander Mail publishes the fol lowing not very flattering account of the Cape Ci-old-fields, received from an old Victorian digger,— " Natal, December 16,1868. " I arrived here on the 12th inst. I told you in my last that Mauritius was dreadfully un healthy. Three of our party were laid up with the fever; I fortunately escaped. We were detained a few days in consequence, but it matters little, I am sorry to say, for to our great disgust we found that nearly all the reports we had heard respecting the gold-fields were lies. The so called diggings have been worked by 14 men for twelve months, during which time they have only knocked out some 3 ozs. of gold. Distance ' certainly lends enchantment to the view, for few here appear to know anything about the diggings. One large merchant of this place has evidently been the cause of circulating so many false reports. He showed us some quartz from which he said he could get 60 ozs. to the ton, which I am sure would not go a pennyweight. I think the fellow must be cracked, for he allowed us to try a prospect of them, and after pounding and washing a dishful of the most likely looking stone, we failed to discover the ghost of a speck, nor could we find a single colour on any of the lot he had. If ever a fellow deserved lynching he certainly does, and I should not mind making one to do it. Most people are of opinion that the two specimens that were sent home came first from Australia; at any rate, nothing lite has ever been found here before or since. I had some conversation with a Grerman banker, who told me that an English party, formed on the strength of the aforesaid specimens, was expected to arrive in the course of a few days, so I have /decided on waiting their arrival. The diggings are no end of a distance up-country. Quite a Burke and Wills affair. No provisions the last 400 miles. No chance of swagging it here. It will cost £40 per man for the purchase of waggon, bullocks, provisions, &c.;, consequently we have thought it advisable to hold on a week till the prospectors make their appearance, and then tiy and join with them. In for a penny in for a pound; we are come so far, and are bent on seeing a little of the country • but whatever yon do, stay where you are until you hear from me again. Do all you can to prevent Victorians coming over. You could not get any one to leave Natal for the diggings if you paid them. I hear there are some Otago diggers here, but I have not been able to drop in with them. Again I say, stop where you are. You remember Mount Hope rush, or Mount Hoax as it was called. There is a good deal of ditto about this affair, something not quite the pure merino. By-the vcay, I tried to get a job at my trade to pass tame, but it wouldn't wash. The Kaffirs work for next to nothing—12/ per month, and two feeds of sweet potatoes a day; and as for living being so cheap, you can live as cheaply in Victoria as here. Fruit is about the only cheap thing I have seen as yet—3d. for 30 peaches, and the same amount for ten melons I will write as soon as ever I-get a chance of doing so. I wish I was back in jG-uildford again; catch me coming on a wild goose chase again, that's all. Yours, &c.j; Habet Wat." 