.It would almost seem as if the autho rities at Downing street hnd become converts to the theories of Professor Goldwin Smith, and regarded the colonies as sources of weakness rather than of strength to the mother country. At any rate Enrl Giianville appears determined that no share of thoir military expenditure should be home by the Imperial Government. Notwithstand ing the recent disastors in New Zealand, and the failure of the local Executive to suppresstho Maori rovolt, the Secre tary of State not only refuses to allow Her Majesty's. troops to take any part in the campaign against the insurgent natives, bnt lias issued imperative orders that the ISth should at onoe embark for England. For the whole of Australasia and New Zealand, with a European population of a million and a half, a single regiment is deemed suffi cient, and even that is only to remnin on condition that the whole cost hns to be defrayed by the colonies in which the troops are stationed. Our telegram from Adelaide mentions that the de tachment of the 14th stationed there is to hold itself in readiness to leave South Australia, and, in all probability, similar orders will shortly he received by the companies stationed here. There can be no doubt that from a military point of view, troops, unless massed together in large numbers, are com paratively useless. A regiment split up into a number of small detachments loses its esprit tie c rps, and the men become demoralised. A couple of hundred men in a largo ci'y liko Mel bourne would be of little use in actual war, and aro only a very costly toy in time of peace. They are not needed for police purposes ; for nny other they are numerically too weak.- But under tbo present system, their cost is thrown upon the colonial revenue at the very time when they aro not wanted, while we should lose them at the very time when they aro wanted, since wo are coolly told that if war break out thoy would at once be recalled. Mr. M'Cur.locu came to a very wise de cision when lie informed the War Office, through Sir J. H. T. Mannkhs-Sut- ton, that artillery were the only troops which the colony could pay for, and that it would only subsidise them upon the condition that they remained here during war, as well as in the piping- time of peace. If we are to he left to our own resources, the sooner we realise that fact the better. The amount voted during the present year for ' defence purposes by the Legislative' Assembly was L43,988. Of this, tho volunteers cost L18,430, and the Nelson ;L0260. The detachment of the 14th was esti mated at L17.500, and the Victoria at LI 790. This latter will probably he sold in a few days ; and as nearly half _Lhe..t;pC£.' ilkVT be.en-.sent n.wp. a larn-e proportion of the military vote will he snved. Next year wo mav have to pro vide for the Cerberus ; but we under stand that Mr. M'Cui.r.ocu, while acknowledging the liberality of U10 Home Government in contributing L100,000 towards her cost, has declined t) accept tho valuable present, unless she be put entirely under the control of the Colonial Government, and bo al lowed to always remnin as a defence to Hobson's Bay. Victoria is quito able to take her own part, and to defend herself against any hostile expedition ; but the question can only bo settled by federal action, and an intercolonial con ference should be held with as littlo delay as possible. In her relations with foreign countries Australia should act as a nation. It is well to be vigilant and alive to all matters affecting the public health ; on tho other hand it is unwise and injurious to be alarmists, and to be apprehensive that every littlo cloud seen on the horizon portonds a coming gale, destruc tive and devastating. In this latter phase of character some of the writers in the Victorian press havo come out recently, when, hnd further intel ligence been waited ior, it would have been seen that no cause lor apprehension nnd fear existed. The Sydney Morning ITerald must hear some of tho blame for creating alarm in our minds by its inserting, inadver tently, a paragraph that had no truth fulness in it, respecting a death from Asiatic cholera, in Sydney. The wholo circumstances of the caso tell against there being any ground whatever for 1 alarm. Our contemporary shall speak for itself in this matter: — "With respect to the paragraph pub lished in the Herald 011 Thursday, purporting to describe a case 'approach ing, or being identical with Asiatic malignant cholera,' and which was communicated to ns in the handwriting of a medical practitioner - wo have as certained that the case wa3 simply one of British cholera, acting on a very bad constitution. 'Iho deceased had been unwell for tiro or three da\ s prior to his illness assuming a serious character.' He was a man of weak, unhealthy con stitution, and hnd been a good deal exposed to cold and damp previous to his last illness. Dr. Miller's name was mentioned in the paragraph ; which, it is proper to add, was ' written and published without his knowledge.' The Acting-Health Officer, Mr. G. F. Daksey, caused inquiries to be made as to the sanitary condition of the locality, with, as it is believed, satis factory results." Probably, by this time, throughout the length and breadth, of the Australian continent, by telegram and by post, the first announcement of The Ileral i has been published. Tho contradiction will follow, but not with such speed as the affirmation, nor will it excite so much attention. It is true we must not revile our Sydney friends, for if wo taunt them with undue precipitancy, they may well rubuko a portion of the Melbourne press with undue doubt and reticence, when most assuredly small-pox had gained a hold amongst us. The journalist has truly a difficult task to accomplish. Scyli.a and Ciiahybdis ever accompany him. Undue publicity may cause harm; in formation withheld may prevent harm being guarded against. Had this case really been cholera, we could not have been too soon put on tho defensive against its ravages; and glad ns we are that it has not proved so, yet still, never should any exer:ion be relaxed that may be needful to secure immunity to our population from decimating scourges. It is to bo hoped, therefore, that our health authorities will not, be cause it turns out tbat Asiatic cholera is not in Sydney, draw back from any action contemplated by them, as bene ficial to the health ol the city, which the startling news from Sydney led them to determine on. Y'ahra Water. — Tlio seamen in eome of tho tcssoIb trading around tho Coast must linvo very indifferent palatee if they nso tho water from the Yarra for drinhing and culinary pur poses. Yesterday afternoon a boat's crew from ono of tho small vessels 1TO3 busily engaged in filling a cask of water just be-low tlio Fallo Bridge, whilst not twenty yards diet inl, caught against the piles on the opposite eide of tho bridge, was tho body of a drowi cd bullock. Select Committee. — Tbo Melbourne corres pondent of tho Beniigo Advertiser writoB to that pnper : — " I keliovu that tlio general tonor of tbo Riilwoy Committee's Report will bo to recommend tile limit of tbo coat of construction of tho proposed lines to £3000 per mile, which from tlio evidence thoy havo received tbey deom adequate to construct a lino of pormanent and effective character." Police Court. — There was no business transacted at tbo City Polico Court tbie morn ing, but two magistrates attended at tlio watch- house, to clear the chargo sheot of Iho night oases. Tlicy hnd nothing to do, however, as there were only six small cases on tho sheet, and they were remanded nntil next day. This is tho first time that snch a thing hoppenod as not to havo n caso of drunkenness 011 tho list. Supreme Court. — After we went to press yesterday the arguments in the case of Miles v. Weber were concluded, and the court reserved judgment. In re the Quesu v. Akelinrst c.r parte Y/nlker, tho rule for n certiorari to quash proceedings in the Warden's Conrt at Alex andra was made abaolnto. Tho rale nisi for nonsnit or a new trial in tho caso of Honso v. O'Farrcll, arising ont of an notion for trespass, was discharged. Tho application made by Dr. Mackay on Tuesday for a ralo nisi in rc tho Qnoon v. Mollison to quash on order made by tho Williamstown Benoh woo granted. In rc Morgerte v. Bull. Mr Fellows moved tbat the rale nisi to enter a verdict for tbo plaintiff for £150 be inado abaolnto. Tbe pre- ' sent action was to recover tbo sum of £150 from Mr J. E. N. Bull, Into wEi-denof Day- lesford, by whoso order it had boon paid to ono Bnzzini. Tbo conrt reserved judgment. In Equity tlio taking of cvidenco in the case of tho National Bank v. Clarke on a forcclosnro suit, nnd in tho caso of Loach v. Tmngmar, an administration suit, was concluded. Both courts adjourned until Friday. Australian Journal. — Tho present month 'q number of this msgszino is superior to many that liavo appeared before it, Whi'.o the sen sational is continnod in tho serial of " Fifty Years Ago," there Is a contrast in several short talcs, tho snhjoels of which, nnliko thq generality of light reading, nro aach as io lenro - an impression on tho mind of tho rendor, and tsaoh n lesson. Besides theso thero is a judi cious selection of extracts from tho best authors, and somo capital rketches that are. well werth perusal. Among the latter is tho " Chapter sn Women," which should he read by men fond of being "out 0' night." The untiring pen of " Tom Cringle" is at work agoin, giving tho public Mb experienco at a | Tnikish bn'.b, and urging tho uso of tho Eastern hath as a moans o! retaining health. Among tho original pootry is a poem on tho death of BnrkcS and Wills, written by " .T. W.B." on Juno 29th, in commomoralion of tho death of the two explorers. It is en titled " Tho Explorers' Despair." One of tho engravings iB a portrait of Lady Darling. Young ladies of a musical tarn of mind will find thrco pieces with tho words, " Mother kieBed mo in my dream," Tho honnioblno flag," and " Ring the hell, watchman and those fond of facetious mattor will find enough to satisfy ony roosonablo persou. Nlw Soum Wales. — Our dates from Syd- noy aro to tlio 20 Lh nit. Tho Kiama Indc- pendtntbas tbo following: — "It is understood that n requisition or address of somo kind to Mr Charles Cawpor has been for somo time past quietly carried about tho district for the collection of signatures, by ono or more of Mr Parkee'B special enemies, who hopo that Iho former gentloman will at tho general election, which may perhaps take jilaco shortly, bo fonnd a formidablo rival to onr present member." Footrall. — Tho foothn'l match between twenty members of tbo I'olico Foreo end six teen members of the Molbourao Football Club, which bis been talkod of for somo wooko part, will take placo on Saturday next on tbo M.C.C. ground. Horses for India. — Mr Buchan Thomson, says the Sydney Morning Herald, lias fulfilled the orders transmitted to New South WaleB by Earl Mavo, Governor- General of India, for carriage horses for his cstabliihment. Mr Thomson has now in his stables six splendid bays that cannot fail to enhance the cbaractor of Australian horses in tho Indian market. The stock selected aro in first-rato condition, aro well matohod in colour and tizo, and liavo plonty of bono and broi ding, being tho produce of Potentate and Bottler, from maree .equally thoroughbred, tho progeny of old Hector, Steoltrap, Wavorloy, ami Gratis. Tliey will proceed to Calcutta by tho Forfarshire. T ii r, " Colonial Monthly." — Wo hve re ceived tho July number of the Colonial Monthly. Tho etoiy of "Long Odds" h boeu brought to a closo by tho marriegs of Ca'verly with Kate Fionch, and tho dt atk of Cyril Chatteris in tlio Australian bnsh. A translation ol ono of Victor Hugo's firBt works, "Iceland Hans," has been commenced, and promises to satisfy tbo lovers of tbo sonsa- tionul. " A Talo of the Ocoan Depths," telling bow certain divers wero terrified at the ghastly pictnro on board a steamer tbat had been_ wrecked on tho New South Wales ooast, banking np connlrr, with a fow humorous oc currences incidental thereto, and " My mother," a nondescript of sketch, completes tho fist of tight roading. Tlio heavy reading mattor con sists of an article pointing out tho grava orrors committed by tho health committees, and snggesting various reforms, and " A glanco at Wahsfto," a reminiscenco of tho Now Zealand Campaign of 18GG. A poom is contributod by Mr Henry Kendall, entitled " To Damascus." This number of tho Colonial Monthly is well calculated to eatiBfy all classes of readers. Wo miss Mr Carrington's occasioned illustration. Ministers of the Crown ai Spring Creek. —Daring the visit of tbe Hon. Mr CaBey and tbo Hon. Mr Sullivan to Spring Creek on Saturday, tbey wero waited npon by threo de putations. In answer to tbo first, Mr Casey Btutcd that ho would uso his iulluenco to huve tho township proclaimod a borough. Tbo second deputation urged upon tho Minister of Mines tho necossity of soma change in tho leasing system. Mr Sullivan did not sgroo with tho views brought forwnrd by tho depu tation, and stated that I10 could not givo a de cided nnswer 11s to whether tho lenB03 already gazetted would bo granted, but that any objec tions would bo considered beforo they wero grunted. Iu answer to tho third deputation, Mr Casey obsorved that I10 did not think a re sident warden was wanted, but that ho was ready to establish a County Contt and Court of Miner, as soon us ho was catisfi;d they wero required. Tho next number ol the Warrnmbool Ad vertiser is unnonucod to bo brought ont under new nnspiccs. With its last issuo tbo interest of tho Wurrnaubool Nowspnpcr Company in tho paper censed, goodwill, copyright, and plant having been purchased by Messrs D. Harrison and D, M. Goorge. Tho political principles with which tho paper Btcrted will still be retained. We lmvo roooived from tho publishers, Messrs Clarson nnd MasBina, a volume of mclolies, entitled The Weston and Hussey Booh of Songs, edited by Frank Weston and N. Lu FeuiUiKlc. The work contains thir'y- liine aiis with words, inolnding " Ring tho Hell, Watchman," " Beautiful Noll," " Her Bright Smile Haunts mo Still," " Marching throngh Georgia," " Mother kissed mo in my Dream," "Ohl Gently Breathe the Tender Sigh," " Write mo a Letter from Home," " Up in a Balloon," nnd several other highly popular pieces. Theatre Rotal.— -To-night Mr Montgomery appears as Shylock, in the " Merohant of Venice," nnd Mophistopheloj, in " Faust and Marguerite." Weston's New Opera House was woll at tended lastovening, despite the great attraction at tho Closing Concert of tbo Fins Arts Ex hibition. This ovening the create dc la creme of previous progromip.es will be presented for 1 tho especial boncfit of holiday-makers. To morrow tliero will bo a completo change of programme, including a now fares entitled "A Ghost in a Pawn-shop," in which Messrs Weston, Knsscy, and Holly will appear. 