NEWS AND NOTES. Oil Saturday, at the Haddon hotel, Haddon, Mr Thomas Hopper, district coroner, held an inquest on the body of John Hunter, whose sad end was related iu a previous issue. The evidence adduced at the in quest contained few fresh particulars of any conse quence. The deceased's daughter admitted that she had for some time apprehended that her father would commit suicide, as he was in the habit of referring to her mother's death., aud also to the death of the boy who was drowned, at the same time intimating that his own death would be the next. The girl also ad mitted that she had observed that the razor had been taken out of the case and wrapped in paper, and laid iu a different place from where it had usually been kept, but said that she had not given notice of these tilings, as she did n«t like to create talk regarding the matter. A somewhat remarkable fact in the circum stances of the case is that the deceased, 011 the night of his death, was reading his bible before the children , went to bed. lie told them to go to bed, as he had something to write. A piece of paper was found with a few parting words written thereon, the concluding intimation beiug that his mind was gone. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased had committed suicide while laboring under temporary insanity. The deceased leaves four children—two boys, who are at service, and the boy and girl who resided with him self. He was a native of Ayrshire, Scotland, and about fifty years of age. The secretary of the Ballarat West Fire Brigade re quests us to acknowledge receipt of cheque for £2 from Mr Hutchinson, Bridge street, together with letter thanking the brigade for services rendered at the late fire. The staff-paymaster, Mr Christie, attended at Craig's hotel on Saturday, for the purpose of paying the mil itary and constabulary pensioners in this district. About forty received payment, and we are informed by the paymaster that the amounts will be forwarded from Melbourne to those who did not put in au ap pearance. An examination of pupil teachers employed in com mon schools and of persons desirous to go into training for this employment, was held in the Alfred Hall on Saturday, under the superintendence of Mr Gilchrist, inspector of common schools for this district. The res>lit of this examination and of that on Friday will be made known in a few weeks. A boy named Matthew Murphy, who received an injury to his head by a portion of a windlass falling upon him while he was down a shaft at Grassy Flat, on Sunday week, died in the hospital 011 Friday morn ing, at about four o'clock. Dr Clendinuing will hold an inquest this day upon the body. Some further particulars connected with the Chil- tern tragedy are furnished by a Beechworth contem- porary:—"James Smith, the principal in the supposed murder of his reputed wife at the Springs, on the Wangaratta aud Chiltern road, was taken to Beech- worth by the Chiltern coach yesterday (Wednesday), for safe custody in the gaol until Monday next, to which day the coroner's inquest was adjourned. His presumed accomplice (Lindsay) did not accompany him, giving some reason to believe that he has given some important information to the authorities. The police are in possession of a good deal of information beyond that produced on Monday last, tending to show a motive and intention on the part of Smith." Forty-three hundredweight of fish (writes Satur day's Aye) was consigned to Ballarat by the late train last night, a quantity far in excess of the average for a long period back. A very large proportion consisted o£ roughies. The office of trustee in the Presbyterian Church, at Cluues, seems certainly not to be a desirable one judging by the letter of one of them, Mr James John ston, read at the last meeting of the borough council, in which the writer, referring to the hopelessness of getting a conference between the borough council and the trustees relative to the openiug-up of Hannah street, says—" I regret to say that owing to the office of a trustee in the Presbyterian Church beiug an honorary one, holding out very little hope of reward either in this world or the next, I have been unable to get them to meet." The following notice appears in Friday's Government Gazeltc.—With reference to the notification contained in the Government Gazette of the 18th ultimo, relative to a sale of certain Crown Lands to be held at Balla rat on 2Gth instant; notice is hereby given that lots 15 aud 17 have been withdrawn from sale. O11 Saturday an inquest was held by Sir T. Hopper, district coroner, at Stoddart's Nugget hotel, Smytlies dale, on the body of a Chinese named Suey Wey, who had died somewhat suddenly on the previous day. The deceased, it appeared, resided in a hut in the locality, with another infirm Chinese, aud was de pending for subsistence on some acquaintances. Dr Jordan made the post mortem examination. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased had died of acute pericarditis.. The police have taken charge of the deceased's mate, au emaciated, miserable-looking ob ject. There was a large turn out of members of the Bal larat Hunt Club on Saturday afternoon, the place of meeting beiug the Cardigan hotel, on the Sago Hill road. The hounds were put 011 iu a paddock behind the hotel, and. the drag, with several windings, led across the middle Sago Hill road and across the Smythesdale road to near Sago Hill, then back again across the road. Owing to the late rains the ground was extremely heavy and slippery, and the fences, taken altogether, were the stiffest crossed this season. A large number of the well-mounted and pluckey ones, including some ladie3, went straight all through, but there were several spills. The irrepressible "ghost," mounted on " Darkie," once condescended to kiss mother earth, and landed gracefully on the' top of his head. In the evening a meeting of the club was held to discuss financial matters. The funds of the club were found to be in a flourishing condition, and the various demands for compensation for damage were promptly met. At the meeting of the Clunes Borough Council last week, the town-clerk was directed, at the instance of Cr Thomas, to write to the Talbotshire Council, call ing attention to the fact that the portion of the main road in course of construction by the latter body was only 13 feet wide, and consequently too narrow to ad mit of two drays passing each other; also suggesting the desirableness of continuing the road to the borough boundary. The mayor ancl town-clerk were, on tiie motion of Cr Longstaff, deputed to wait on Mr Bland relative to the granting by that gentleman of a site on the South Clunea Company's claim suitable for the formation of a hay and corn market. It was also resolved, on the motion of Cr Edwards, that the sum of £200 be offered to the trustees of the Wesleyan school property for the allotment of land upon which the school stands, and which land is required for the opening up of Hannah street. A notice of motion was also given for the erection of a building by the council for the use of the fire-brigade. The council has also decided upon dividing its advertisements be tween the local newspapers. • A large number of gentlemen interested in the various plans that have been brought forward for the raising of sunken vessels, assembled in the Western Cricket Reserve, on Saturday afternoon, to witness an experiment with a model of Mr Walter Macfarlaue's apparatus. The most important part of Mr Macfar lane's scheme is to fix a strong chain round the vessel, just below the bilge, and this it is proposed to do in the following manner:—The chain tapered at both ends, each end of which is on board of a lighter, is drifted round the stern of the vessel, and the ends passed through shackles at the end of another chain, which being equally divided by the head of the vessel, reaches to about amidships on either side. After being passed through these shackles, each end is passed on board of a tug, which hauls the chain tight round the ship, just below the bilge. This being done, a heavy stopper is allowed to run down each chain, and when this reaches the shackles it closes, and as it cannot be forced upwards, prevents auy slackening, and fixes the chain firmly round the vessel. Each end of the chain is then passed through a shackle attached to a canvas balloon, one of which is forced down on either side by another heavy stopper placed on the chain above it. These last stoppers, besides forcing the two empty balloons down to the chain round the vessel, by their weight prevent the balloou3 slipping up to the surface again. The vessel is now supposed to have a chain lightly gripping it under the bilge, with a balloon securely fixed ou each Bide. Before the chains were fixed round the vessel, four empty balloons were fixed to them, and two of these balloons are now on each quarter and two on each side, just abaft the bows. To the six balloons attached to the chain round the vessel, indiarubber pipes are attached, and the balloons are inflated with atmospheric air forced down with steam air-pumps on the decks of the lighters. When these balloons are inflated, Mr Macfarlane expects the vessel will rise to the surface. The inventor proposes that the fixing of the balloons and chains shall be done from four lighters, assisted by two steam-tugs to haul the chain tight through the shackles. A diver, he states, will only be required to go down for the purpose of ascer taining whether the four stoppers have taken a proper grip of the chain. The experiment tried with the model of this apparatus was a very fair and interest ing one, and turned out to be vory successful. A model of a vessel with only one mast and weighing between 40 and 50 lb was sunk in four feet of dirty water, and embedded several inches in the mud. No portion of the small vessel could be seen, and the positions of the head and stern were indicated by small buoys of cork. Then, almost without wetting his hands, the operator threw the chain with the tapered ends and with the two empty balloons attached into the water, astern of tiie vessel, and keeping an end in each hand, drew it round the stern. The ends were then passed throughshackles attached to the ends of another chain and hauled tight. The stoppers and side balloons were then allowed to run down tha chain, and when this had been done the balloons were inflated through small indiarubber pipes from the lungs. When all the balloons had been filled, the vessel rose to the surface. After the vessel had come to the surface the air was allowed to escape from one of the largest balloons on the bow on one side, and from the balloon on the quar ter on the opposite side of the vessel, wliicli still floated easily. When the vessel was imbedded in the mud, however, the lifting power of these two balloons was required to overcome the suction. The small vessel was sunk aud raised successfully several times. Auy chance of breakage in the chain where there is what is technically termed a "dead nip," will be pro vided for, and Mr Macfarlane proposes that the flexible balloons shall be made of two layers of American duck, coated with a solution of indiarubber, and protected on the outside 'with an outer covering of No. 1 canvas diagonally strapped with broad, strong sword-matting, which will take the lift on the purchase chain aud pre vent any chafing. With reference to the practicability of forcing dowu air through flexible tubes to a great I depth in water, Mr Macfarlane refers to an interesting I account in a recent number of the London Spectator of a plan for recovering the valuable jDortions of the s.s. Columbia, sunk oft' the French coast. The depth in this instance, he states, was 209 feet, and the air was easily driven down by means of a steam air-pump. An inquest was held on the 8th July, by Mr W. B. Lees, the district coroner, at Delaland's hotel, Spring Hill, on the body of Guiseppe Jaickma, an Italian- Swiss, about 20 years of age. The post mortem ex- amination was performed by Dr Steel. It appeared that the deceased, who was working in the vicinity of Spring Hill for Bombardieri Brothers, charcoal burners, had on the preceding morning been splitting by himself, a little distance from the other men, and on some of them going about ten o'clock a.m. to where the deceased had been at work, they found him lying on the ground on his face and a log about 6 feet long and 3 feet in diameter across his back. It is supposed that the deceased while rolling the log down the declivity had overbalanced himself, slipped over the log and under it which caused death by suffoca- tion, the upper portion of the body being almost black. The family seems to have been an unfortunate one, deceased at the time of his death having an action pending in the Supreme Court against the executors of his brother, drowned on his passage to Camden Harbor, for the recovery of a large sum of money. Continual complaints reach us about a small, but dangerous nuisance, which we think should have been remedied before now. We refer to the piece of wood work, shod with iron, which daily acts as a trap for unwary pedestrians at the door of Messrs 11. and S. Gibbs' store. The present writer has witnessed two most violent falls from this unnecessary danger; and on Saturday a gentleman fell with such force as to make him sick for some hours from the shake he got. Upon his remonstrating to the only occupant of the store visible, a boy, the youth with more truth than discretion laughiugly said, " they are always doing it." We would suggest that no further occa sion should be offered for them to do it again. To save the broken limb which may be. the consequence some day, we would suggest that the present doorstep could be easily lowered, and the floor in the store made to slope to the entrance, aud by this means the facility for trucking in goods could be obtained, and a serious danger withdrawn.- We presume a good action at law woidd be the result of a broken leg or arm. Mr David Turpio is still progressing favorably towards recovery, and his condition is improving every day. He takes three substantial meals a day, aud states that he looks forward to them with a good appetite. The wound in his leg is healing rapidly, and he expects in the course of a few weeks to bo able to get about a little. Although, of course, weak from loss of blood aud long confinement to bed, Mr Turpie is looking better than could be expected after such severe injuries. A Chiuaman named Ah Mon was arrested on Satur day upon the charge of stealing a quantity of clothing from a line in the garden o£ a Mrs Hodge. From the conduct of the prisoner in the watchhouse it is evi dent that he is of unsound mind. In consequence of a report to the effect that a num ber of questionable characters were living in the hush between Ballarat and Warrenheip, a number of eon stables were sent out on Sunday to scour the bush in that direction. They came across several mia-mias which bore signs of having been recently inhabited, but the inmates had departed. On Saturday night some thieves broke into the office of the manager of the Great Northern Junction Com pany, on the Creswick road, no doubt with the ex pectation of carrying off some gold. An attempt was made to open the safe, but it proved fruitless, and the robbers had to content themselves with a pair of blankets and the manager's travelling-bag containing some clothing. The matter was reported to the police, who were at work yesterday endeavoring to trace the offenders. A post-office savings bank has been opened at Spring Creek. Friday's Government Gazette contains a proclamation authorising several alterations in the Scarsdale, Carngham, and Smythesdale Commons reserves. It is notified in our advertising columns that Mrs Trestrail's art union for paper-flowers will positively " came off" on Tuesday, at the Exchange hotel. At a meeting of the Melbourne Chamber of Com merce on Friday, which had been adjourned from Tuesday, in order to obtain a fuller attendance of members, the resolutions agreed to at the recent con ference of commercial delegates in Sydney were unanimously adopted, and it was resolved to lay the recommendations of the conference before the Govern ment, with the request that action might he taken at the earliest opportunity to carry them into effect. The various resolutions were agreed to almost without dis cussion, the members present considering that the unanimity of the chamber on the subject rendered it really impossible to debate the matter. Says the Geclong Advertiser:—"The Rev. B. II. Power, though still veiy feeble, improved in health on Friday, aud faint hopes (he having had so many hair breadth escapes) are entertained of his recovery. On Thursday he was visited by the Bishop, the Vicar General, and other leading members of the Roman Catholic Church." Referring to the skeleton found in the Strathfield saye road, the Bcndigo Independent says:—" The re mains were found in a shallow hole, about two and a half feet deep, which was covered with bark. From an examination of the bones it is conjectured that they are those of a man who has met with a violent death. Some three or four years ago a man suddenly disappeared from the Back Creek, having left his wife and home one morning with a large sum of money on liis person, and, though every exertion and enquiry were made to ascertain his fate, 110 tidings could be obtained. The skeleton found is by many supposed to be the remains of this missing man. The police are instituting searching enquiries; and when these are completed the coroner will hold an inquest on the remains." A nugget weighing 9 ozs of pure gold, found at the Canadian, was exhibited in the window of Mr A. Scott's shop in Bridge street ou Saturday. The nugget was fouud at over 50 feet deep by a small party at work in the old ground. The Herald says—" One of the official handicappers, feeling aggrieved at some remarks respecting himself made by a. racing man in a public dining-hall, has had recourse to the arm of the law for redress. The gen tleman with the unruly member has been offered the option of making an ample apology for his conduct •and giving £10 to the Melbourne Hospital, or of sub jecting himself to an action-at-law for defamation of character." A building society is about to bo established at Ararat. Pigeon shooting matches appear to be as much in vogue as ploughing matches, and as much interest taken in them. Two were held at Learmonth dur ing the past week, and attracted many sportsmen both from Ballarat and the country districts. The weather on both days was most agreeable, the birds were plentiful and the shooting good. Other matches are in contemplation. A pigeon shooting match for £15 aside took place in Duke's Paddock, at Scarsdale, on Saturday, between Mr Tickuor, of Scarsdale, and Mr T. Wilson, of Pig goreet. A large number of thoso who take an interest in such matters assembled on the occasion. Eash of the competitors had ten birds, and the shooting, which resulted in a tie with the stakes drawn, was as follows:—Wilson, 1110111011; Tickuor, 10 1 111110 1. Some minor events followed. The Theatro Royal was crammed on Saturday night, the attraction being Mr Talbot as "Richard the Third." Mr Talbot's Kicliard is one of his very best impersonations, and the audience gave him repeated indications of satisfaction. The character was played with an evenness contrasting favorably with some other of Mr Talbot's portraitures, and while all the traditional " points " of real value were respected, there was no lack of indication that the artist had in terpreted the character for himself. With the excep tion, however, of Mr Noble as Lord Stanley and Mrs Iiolloway as Queen Elizabeth, Mr Talbot was ill supported in the principal characters. Mr Holloway as Richmond seemed out of his element. Miss Char lotte Raleigh (her first appearance), as Lady Anne, was nervous and ineffective, a disqualification that will probably disappear as the lady becomes more familiar with her new sphere of action. To Mr J. H. Amery were assigned the responsibilities of Bucking ham, and judging from the assistance he received from the prompter, he had not allowed himself suffi cient time to master the text, and otherwise ap peared to disadvantage. Mr Noble was the only actor who, by hi3 general bearing, and conception of the character assumed, lessened the otherwise violent contrast between the "star" and those who should have revolved at a not immeasurable distance. No doubt some excuse may be found for imperfections in the company and the mounting, in the fact that the pieces are produced at short notice. This evening Mr Talbot will appear as Macbeth. The Bijou Theatre, which has been but poorly at tended during the last week, was decidedly well pa tronised on Saturday night, when the programme provided was really good. Since the previous Satur day there have been several additions to the company, aud the opening chorus, " Come where my love lies dreaming," was well rendered by Miss A. Beaumont, Madame Coli, Mr Letville, Mr Cook, and other mem bers of the company. This was followed by a ballad by Mr Horace Letville, who has considerably improved in voice since his first appearance, aud is now perhaps one of the best ballad-singers at Ballarat. Miss Sally Lloyd, since her stay in Adelaide under the tuition. of Mons. Massartic, the ballet master, has improved won derfully, and her Spanish dance with the castanets was loudly applauded. Miss Aunie Beaumont gave some very pretty characteristic songs, and was fol lowed by Jlr Harry Cook, an old Ballarat celebrity, and Madame Coli, who sang "Mabel" very sweetly. Mr P. Cairns in some Irish comic songs was very funny. The second part of the programme also con sisted of songs, dances, and an acrobatic performance by Mr Cairns, which was certainly clever, hut this gen tleman would do better if lie would not solicit ap plause quite so much. The performance concluded with a grand ballet arranged by Madame Coli, entitled " The Lakes of Killarney." Madame Coli herself took the part of Kate Kearney, an Irishpeasant girl who has three suitors, Squire M'Guflin, a very rich man (Mr AVebster), Larry O'Toole, a gentleman who presses his suit with the inevitable shillalcigh (Mr Cairns), and Edward Murphy, a diminutive and comical little Irishman (Miss Sally Lloyd), who, by the help of num berless fairies, proves successful iu his suit for the fair Kate. The ballet was well put on and arranged, and the parts were all well played. The last scene, an allegorical tableau, painted by Mr Robins, was really pretty, and in answer to loud calls by the audience, the curtain had to be drawn up twice. This last scene is in itself fully worth the low price of ad mission, and now that by the abolition of the half price the too demonstrative urchins have been kept out of the gallery, it is to be hoped that Mr Robins will receive the support he deserves for his effort to keep a second theatre open at Ballarat. We are in formed by the management that a new burlesque never before played in Ballarat will be produced next Saturday. 