Mail News, via Suez. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, January 15. THE New Year opens rather gloomily with us. The iron trade is the only one which shows any sign of briskness or re-<*> vival. Other branches of manufacture are depressed, and the cotton trade is so dull that the Lancashire mill owners have given notice to all their hands of a general reduc tion of 10 per cent, in wages. This has created great consternation among the ope ratives, and they are memorialising the masters to work short time instead. Till within the last three or four days the weather has continued singularly mild and wet. One day last week fires were un bearable, and ladies might be seen fanning themselves. The thermometer stood at 50 in the night time. Much of the country is still under water, and the wheat is grow ing very rank ; but the air is now drier, • and happily without severe frost, which, in the present state of vegetation, would be disastrous. The singular openness of the season has one merciful result. The suffer ings of the pour are alleviated, and it is very welcome news that the number of paupers is not so great as at this time last year. A number of families have been assisted to emigrate during last year from the East of London, and we are still look ing to that as the only means of perma nently improving the condition of the population of that wretched district. Politics are still in suspense, and the leading newspapers, in the absence of topics of public interest, eagerly discuss the in decencies of the stage, and the noxiousness of hair-dyes. We hear rumors now and then of changes and reductions in the Government offices, showing that the new brooms are sweeping clean, and other signs give promise that the Ministry intend to make substantial diminution in the Army and Navy Estimates. The news of a new out break of the Maoris in New Zealand created a fear that the dispatch of troops to that colony would disturb all the good intentions of the new Secretary of War, but it is hoped and intended that the colo nists shall settle the matter for themselves. The difficulty at Nankin has also been settled by the submission of the Chinese Viceroy, and his compliance with all the terms required by our Consul. And just at this juncture we are officially informed that Lord Clarendon has agreed with Mr. Burlinghame, the American En voy from the Court of Pekin, that instructions shall be sent out to our Admirals and diplomatists in China, re quiring them to abstain from interference with the local Mandarins till any quarrel which may have arisen has been referred to Pekin and discussed between our Am bassador there and the Chinese Govern ment ; also that no hostilities of any kind are to be commenced till sanction has been obtained from Downing-street. What will our traders in China say to these terms ? Will they not say that the Court at Pekin is unable to enforce its commands in the provinces, and that it will be im possible to carry on business with the Chinese unless our Consuls and Admirals have power at once to enforce the obser vance of treaty stipulations ? The Conference of the Great Powers on the Greek and Turkish quarrel is now sitting in Paris, but a difficulty has arisen because the representative of Greece was not admitted to their deliberations on equal terms. He was allowed to be present as a listener, but without a vote or authoritative voice, and he would not be present at all on those terms. The seven " Powers" who were parties to the treaty of Paris cannot allow Greece to reckon herself one of the " Great Powers" of Europe, and if the Greek Minister will not attend they will go on without him. They will lay down certain principles of international law, and say wherein Greece has offended and what she should abstain from doing in the future. It is incredible that Greece should persist in defying Turkey in the teeth of the public opinion of Europe, unless it has secret encouragement from Russia; but the Greeks are at present in a condition which shuts out prudence and reason, and this morning we read of ex citement in Athens, and of preparations for the King's " taking refuge in Nauplia in case of certain eventualities." Several Cabinet Councils have been held, but nothing has leaked out as to the pur poses of the Ministry with reference to the Irish Church. Some of the ablest mem bers of that Church have at last broken through the reserve which its leaders have hitherto maintained, and declare themselves prepared to accept the verdict of the elections and the evident resolve of the nation that their Church shall be dis established. They call upon their friends not to hoist the " No Surrender" flag, and protract a miserable fight which must end in their defeat, but at once to set about the work of organising the Irish Church anew, and getting a well drawn bill from the Government. The first great point of difficulty of course is,—to whom shall the property which will be left with the Church be transferred after the State has ceased to have any relationship with it. The ques tion of what property shall be left to the Church and what resumed by the State, will not be so difficult to settle. Arch deacon Stopford urges his fellow churchmen to be much more careful to secure the per fect liberty of the new Church than its money; and, looking on into the future calmly, contemplates a very desperate ex pedient, if Protestant Episcopacy should not flourish in Ireland on the voluntary system. They can all emigrate, he says, and found a strong Church somewhere else. Mr. Gladstone will probably follow the Canadian precedent, and propose to vest the Church property in diocesan synods, in which the laity shall be fairly represented. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council have given judgment in the great case against the Ritualists, declaring altar lights and kneeling at the consecration illegal, mulcting Mr. Mackonochie, the clergyman of St. Alban's, who was defen dant in the suit, in all the costs. The great importance of the judgment lay in the declaration of the Judges that the rubrics must be literally obeyed, and that everything not prescribed in the Prayer Book was forbidden to clergymen of the Establishment. The Ritualists have had two meetings in London, to determine upon their course; the last was open to the public, and Archdeacon Denison pre sided. They resolved to submit to the law, but to preach the doctrine of the Real Presence more distinctly and vigorously than ever. If that was touched and for bidden, they gave the world to understand that they would secede. There is a prose ! cution now pending against Mr. Bennett, ; of Frome, for advocating this doctrine in a ! work he has published. Some of the more \ ardent spirits were for setting the judg- ( ■ ment altogether at defiance, because it was ! the judgment of a legal and worldly Court, I which did not invoke the aid of the Holy j Ghost, and was not fit to govern the Church. The submission will really amount to very little ; it will make no perceptible difference in the Ritualistic ceremonial. At Morpeth Church, last Sunday morning, when the vicar —a brother of Earl Grey— announced that he should probably submit to the judgment, but preach the doctrine of the Real Presence more strongly than before, a cumber of gentlemen shouted " Treason! treason !" and left the church. The Ritualists at first talked largely of compelling the Evangelicals to stand " be fore the altar" at the Communion service, and to wear vestments —in accordance, as they pretended, with the terms of the judgment; but any intentions of that sort appear to have been abandoned. The first of the trials of election peti tions before Her Majesty's Judges is now proceeding at Windsor, where Mr. Roger Eykyn, the Liberal member, is charged by Colonel Gardner, the Conservative candi date, with having gained his seat by bribery and corruption. The Judge (Mr. Justice Willes) was received with all the pomp of an Assize, and sits in the Town Hall, where the trial proceeds just as a case at Nisi Prius. There is an array of heavily-feed counsel on either side, and a great number of witnesses are subpoenaed, but the case will not occupy many days. The Norwich petition will be heard to-day, before Mr. Baron Martin. The application for the committal of the directors of the well- known firm of Overend, Gurney, and Co., for a misdemeanor, is still in course of hearing before the Lord Mayor. The prosecutor—Dr. Adam Thorn—being a shareholder in the limited company which was formed to take over the business of the old firm, alleges that there was a de liberate misrepresentation of the state of the concern, and that the debts transferred to the new company as good, were known to be hopelessly bad. The evidence is very lengthy. One accountant who examined the books declares that the old firm has been losing half a million annually for some time before the transfer. The matter naturally excites great interest in the city. The new street from the Mansion House to Blackfriars Bridge is now being made, and the Thames embankment is being planted with trees. Although an immense gap has been made in the Strand, adjoining Temple Bar for the new Law Courts, it is not improbable that after all they may be erected on the embankment. The police are making a vigorous raid upon the night houses, judge and jury clubs, and other immoralities of the metro polis. London, January 21. Two other trials of election petitions have been brought to a conclusion with ex emplary dispatch. At Norwich, Sir Henry Stracey, the Conservative member, has lost his seat, as he did once before at Yarmouth, for bribery. He dis claimed all personal knowledge of the wholesale corruption that was practised, and Mr. Baron Martin, the presiding Judge, said he believed him; but agency was proved completely, although the two chief bribers were unfortunately absent on urgent private affairs, and not even their wives could so much as guess where they might be found. The learned judge, how ever, intimated that he intended to make them stand at a criminal bar. He will perhaps make such a report to the Speaker of the House of Commons as will entail the penalty of disenfranchisement on the whole constituency. He read a very severe lecture to the better educated, for not frowning down such practices. The price paid for votes was <£1 a-head. At Drog heda, the Liberal member, Mr. Whitworth, a Lancashire manufacturer, who has in gratiated himself with the Drogheda people by building them a Town Hall, has been ousted, on account of the violence and rioting with which the election was con ducted. Several voters on the other side declared they could not get to the polling booths, and were half killed by brickbats and bludgeons. The military were called in. It was proved that several Catholic priests had delivered inflammatory harangues, suggesting violence to the mob; —indeed, two of the priests them selves admitted that they had-done so. Mr. Judge Keogh denounced the inter ference and behaviour of the priests in strong terms. At Bewdley, where an election inquiry is now going on, a policeman was pressed to death by the crowd, who were eagerly making their way into the Town Hall. The opening of a Corn Exchange and new plat-hall, at Luton, in Bedfordshire, gave an opportunity for Mr. Reverdy Johnson, the American Ambassador, to announce that the convention with America for the settlement of the Alabama claims was complete—that he and Lord Clarendon were in complete accord upon the matter, and that he had no doubt the Senate of the States would ratify it, and rattled on charmingly about the Luton straw-plaiters and Luton bonnets. He wished, for the sake of the sex, that the old style of bonnet was revived. Then there was something left for imagination; now the head is almost as bare as that of the Indian squaw. Still the small straw-bonnets were gems of beauty calculated to make the female face, if possible, more beautiful than nature had formed it. He had not, though ad vanced in life, forgotten the tastes of his earlier days, and when he did in this par ticular he should " Pray Heaven to take him to another world." In fact, Mr. Reverdy Johnson is the most agreeable and amuskig Envoy that the United States have sent us, and he is bent on making things pleasant. The prosecution of Overend Gurney and Co. drags along very slowly. A great many ugly facts have been deposed to, and it would seem that large debts were trans ferred as good from the old to the new firm, which had no existence at all. The public patiently withholds its opinion till the defence is heard. Meanwhile, the ex ample has stimulated other prosecutions of a similar kind. One has been commenced against three directors of a merchant's I company long since wound up. If either of these succeed there will be a pretty flutter in the dovecots of fraud, and many a man who supposed he had safely netted his gains from speculative companies will shake in his shoes. Seven little boys, not thirteen years of age, were found at a railway station last week handcuffed' and on their way to Stafford Gaol for a week, because neither they nor their weeping mothers could pay the fines, with costs, imposed on them by a clerical magistrate for playing at pitch and toss in the streets of Wittenhall. Some sensible and compassionate gentleman paid the money, and released them. They turned out to be decent boys, in regular employment. In the absence of other topics, this has formed a fruitful theme for newspaper comment. i The Prince and Princess of Wales have j reached Berlin, upon their travels, and j sent their children home. Now they go to Egypt, where the Pasha is making great preparations for their reception. The Paris Conference on the Greco- Turkish quarrel has done what it could without the presence of the Greek Envoy. Without any reference to facts and the events of the last few weeks, it has re stated certain principles of international law which Greece has violated by her meddling in Cretan affairs. These they have communicated to the Court of Athens, and Turkey withdraws her ultimatum, thus giving Greece an opportunity of quietly retreating from the position she has so rashly assumed. Nevertheless the peace of Europe hangs but on a hair. 