GENERAL NEWS. The Advantage op Carefully Preparing Wool.-Some short time since we noticed the very clean and superior quality of this season's clip on the station of Messrs. Clayton, Hume, and Clayton, Frankfield, near Gunning ; and more recently we were enabled to publish a full and interesting description of their new washing apparatus. It bow affords us great pleasure to record the high position the clip has taken, not- withstanding the present depression in the local market. A portion of the clip was sold by Messrs. Mort and Co., in Sydney, on Thursday, the 17th instant as follows :-BC over FRH, 9 bales, lockB and pieces, at 8f d. ; 35 fleece at 17^d. This is l£d. over the highest price ob- tained for other fleece wools at same sales, and ¿d. over Melbourne prices according to the latest telegram. This, we think, proves conclusively the value of the improved system of washing, the general adoption of which will place thou- sands of pounds annually to the credit of the wool-growers of these districts alone.-Yass Courier. Forgery.-At the Mudgee police court on Tuesday, the two prisoners Poynings and Ford were again brought up. The evidence of Mrs. Naughton was taken, which was to the effect that the prisoner had proffered to buy a horse from her, and had tendered a cheque purporting to be drawn by a Mr. Forster for £8 in payment. As the drawer's name was unknown to Mrs. Naugh- ton she declined taking the cheque, and the prisoners left. The evidence of another witness was also adduced, which was to the effect that the same cheque tendered by the prisoners had been found by him near their camping place. The police produced a oheque book of the Com- mercial Bank found on the prisoners, from which the cheque had evidently been taken. A further remand was granted.- Western Post, Jan. 1. Thunderstorm.-A heavy thunderstorm passed over Sydney and its neighbourhood be- tween 5 and 6 o'clock yesterday evening. The lightning was unusually vivid ; and a heavy rain fell for about half an hour. The weather con- tinued very unsettled all .night.-Herald of Saturday. On Wednesday an inquest was held at Pad- dington, upon the body of Peter Power, aged seventy-one years, who it appeared had been in his usual state of health on Tuesday morning, and had been in Sydney to transact some busi- ness, and returned in the afternoon. Shortly afterwards he was heard to fall down upon the ground, and when medical assistance arrived life was found to be extinct. The verdict was "Death from apoplexy."-Abridged from, the Empire, Dec. 31. A tall bootmaker, having red hair, left Yanko station last August, with a covered cart, intend- ing to buy leather at Corowa and Rutherglen, for his trade. He has never been heard of since. His apprentice boy, with their tools, leather, &c;, were left on Yanko. The father of the lad, who resides near Bendigo, came and reclaimed his son some time since; but the bootmaker himself has not turned up. On New Year's Day a man named John Stapleton was taken suddenly ill while picnic- ing with some friends in the Domain, and was conveyed home, where he soon expired. Mr. John T. Collins, of Nebo, Queensland, is said to have been murdered by the blacks. The Daphne is about to sail from Bris- bane shortly with about thirty South Sea Islanders who have completed their term of service. New Year's Day in Sydney.-Judging from the accounts given in the Sydney papers, there was no falling off with regard to the honors paid to the first day of the New Year in the metropolis ; and amid the multiplicity of amuse- ments provided there must have been something found to suit every taste. The following were the principal sports ;-Tattersall's Club Races, at the Randwick ground, which were very largely attended ; the Highland Gathering, for athletic sports, at the Albert ground ; excursions by rail and by steamer to all the usual plaoes of public resort, such as Manly Beach, Watson's Bay, Balmoral, Clontarf, and Cremorne. Besides these there were numerous picnic and pleasure parties in all directions, and as the weather was very fine all seemed to enjoy themselves. Mr. Desailly has shorn this season 150,000 sheep on his back station, Mossgiel. This back run has been made available for this purpose by artificial means. The water of a small creek, Willandra Creek, is appropriated, by a steam engine raising 3500 gallons per minute, to a costly system of reservoirs, tanks, double spouts, cold and hot water dips, &c.; These appliances supplied about 3000 beautifully washed sheep to the shearers every day. A somewhat rare1 animal was shot near the Lal Lal Falls, Victoria, the other day It was a native squirrel, with a beautiful slate and ': black colored fur, remarkably fine and silky f The little creature was about a foot long, not ; including the tail, which measured about J. eighteen inches. These aninuls, it is plated, r can fly a considerable distance-as much as \--. sixteen yards being covered by them at one * Iea^. « The heat in the Christmas week, which was \-- #o great in the Hunter distriot, appears to have % been general over most parts of the colony. ~z From Albury, on the Murray, to Armidale, in " New England, the various papers report very great heat. To the so*th Wednesday was the hottest. At Albury and at Hay on that day the thermometer went up as high as 145 and 150 degrees in the sun, and 118 degrees in the shade. At Deniliquin the shade heat was 95 on Tuesday, 112 on Wednesday, and 112 on Thurs- day. At Hay, Wednesday Was considered one pi'the hottest eyer known there. In the Hunter district Wednesday was hot, but Thursday was the hottest day of the week, though Friday (Christmas Day) was but little cooler. At Ar- midale Friday was the hottest day. Mr. J. N. Wark, late of Auckland, has been appointed engineer to the Australian Gas Com- pany in Sydney. The clipper ship Sobraon has brought with her two steam lifeboats, which, it is thought, would prove very useful upon this coast. The Evening News of Thursday states that the Government of this colony are in communi- cation with that of Queensland, with a view to procure joint action on the part of the police of ty>tb colonies to put a stop to the career of the noted bushranger Thunderbolt. He escaped from Cockatoo in September, 1863, and his rob- beries have been of weekly occurrence ever since. He. has managed to evade capture mainly by the trick of rapidly passing from New South Wales to Queensland, and vice versa, when hard pushed by the police of either colony. There having been no arrangements mt.de hitherto for follow- ing up his tracks after such crossings, the police hare been placed at great disadvantage; but now that an understanding is come to with the Queensland authorities, there is every probability that he will soon be caught on the one side of the border or the other. On the Upper Murray the owners or lessees of some of the hill runs are making a good thing of the prevailing drought. The Riverina flock piasters, at their wits' end to find feed for their Ittiinense flocks, are paying handsome prices'for $j9 permission to depasture them on the hill runs for the summer season. The Albury Ban ¡fir says one stockowner pays £600 for paddocked country for 25,000 sheep, but will send only 15,000 ; another pays £250 for unfenced country for 15,000 sheep, finding his own shepherds ; and a third pays a «hilling per head for. 5000 sheep, also finding his own shepherds. So great has been the rash for this privilege, even at those high prices, that the hill country is reported quite full of stock, and all the feed eaten gp on the roads leading to tho yarious hill runs. One unfortunate stockowner, whose run lays on a yWy'fifiqueûted route for these moving armies §f sheep, has bad to employ for'a month six extra mounted men to escort travelling sheep through his run, and to prevent mixture with ¿is own sheep. One of the guests at a recent wedding party in Wagga Wagga writes to the Advertiser to say that one hundred and fourteen bottles of grog were consumed by, the happy couple, a goodly number of bridesmaids, and fourteen gentlemen. He says that he is half dead, but that the information he supplies ts reliable. SERIOUS ACCIDENT NEAR MUDGEE.-A very serious accident befel Mr. Patsy Hughes, of this town, on Thursday last. He was driving his team from Mudgee to Sydney, and riding at the time upon the dray, completely knocked up with the heat. When near the Running Stream the horses swerved, and ran the dray against a tree, bruising Hughes's legs severely, and knocking him off the dray completely stunned. He lay some five hours before he was released from under the dray (the horses providentially, never mov- ing after the collision) when he was taken to Mr. Leighton's, and subsequently brought into town. Though severely bruised and shaken no bones were broken, and it is expected that a few weeks' confinement to the house will be the only inconvenience.- Western Post, Dec. 29. A ghost is said to be annoying the inhabitants of Milson's Point Road, North Shore; one lady has been hugged nearly to a jelly by the spectre, whose attentions, it seems, have been confined chiefly to the fair sex. It is suggested that the police would be the most likely persons to lay this ghostly visitor. The New Year-The New Year was ushered in with a carnival spirit in Sydney ; the streets being crowded with young and old of both sexes, who enjoyed a moonlight ramble through the city, thus shaking off all un- pleasant reminiscences of the past year. In the direction of Phillip-street North several rockets were sent up, the bells of St. Mary's Cathedral sent forth a joyful peal, and many persons resorted to Macquarie-street, having been led to believe that some demonstration of a political significance would be made. It was thought that the intention had been abandoned in deference to the feelings of a band of worshippers who were assembled at that hour at devotional exercises at St. James's, under the presidency of the Bishop of Sydney; and at numerous chapels within the city watch-night services were held, and all the places of worship were well attended. About half-past twelve, however, a troop of persons were seen carrying a live representation of " the ghost" of Mr. Parkes up the street, and they remained in front of the Assembly Chamber for nearly a quarter of an hour, ultimately taking their burthen to other places in the city. The band of the South Sydney Rifles paraded the principal streets, in uniform, playing military airs, and several impromptu organisa- tions of musical corps with bells, concertinas, and accordéons were made. The German band played some of their choicest selections of music, at the principal points of attraction. And thus in various ways 1869 was opened on the one hand with becoming reverence, and on the other was welcomed with hearty and rapturous greetings. -Empire, Jan. 1. The dry weather and hot winds have done, much harm about Yass to the fruit crops, and have also caused the wheat to shed, ao that the harvest will be much diminished. A young man, named Malone, was killed re- cently near Burrowa by a fall from his horse. The weather at Mudgee during the Christmas week was exceedingly hot, the thermometer going up to 96 in the shade. There was a thunderstorm on the 28th. On the 23rd December a boy named John Doyle (says the Queensland limes') climbed up a high tree to procure a bird's nest ; and pro- ceeded to cut off the branch containing the nest by means of a tomahawk, at the same time sitting on that part of the branch that was to fall. As was expected, in a short time down came the branch, bringing the boy with it, who sustained a compound fracture of the thigh, and concussion of the brain; he was considered to be in great danger. A child at Braidwood named Higgins fell into a tub of water while paddling in it with another child, and was dead before the mother could pull him out. The Queanbeyan Age states that Captain Honey's speculation in the purchase of the Primrose Valley Silver Mines has proved exceed- ingly fortunate, as he has received an almost fabulous sum for his interest in the mines from the company recently formed in Melbourne for the purpose of working them. The Wentworth correspondent of the Denili quin Chronicle gives particulars of the sticking up of Tapio station by a man who called himself Thunderbolt, but who appears rather to be the man who shot M'Cabe The robber selected the race- horse " Euston " which was in training for the Wentworth races, on which he rode away, leaving behind him the horse on whioh he came. A large number of aborigines have been " keeping Christmas " in Braidwood. \- - 