THE MAGDALEN ASYLUM AND RE- FORMATORY AT ABBOTSFORD. \- Comparatively few persons outside the pale of the Roman Catholic Church are acquainted with the objects for which the Convent of the Good Shepherd at Abbotsford was founded, or with the work of beneficence which it is silently accomplishing. And yet that work and those objects are such as to entitle them to the sympathies of Christians of all denomi- nations. It was established in the year 1863, by a sisterhood well known in Europe as that of the Good Shepherd, and everywhere dis- tinguished for the practice of self-denial and benevolence. The superioress and the four ladies associated with her announced that ''they had come to found near Melbourne a house of their institute, the object of which is chiefly to bring back to a life of virtue and peace poor straying women who wish to re- turn to the Divine Saviour of Souls ere this short life closes, and time for repentance is at an end. In accordance with the rule of the Order of the Good Shepherd, the Magdalen Asylum is open for the reception of females, without distinction of country or creed; nor will it be sought to interfere with the religious principles of such as are not Catholics, but they will be required to conform to the rules of the establishment so far as discipline and order are concerned." They purchased the house and grounds at Abbotsford, to which they subsequently added the adjoining property of St. Helier's, com- prising in all about sixteen acres, and imme- diately made arrangements for the reception of unfortunate women desirous of retrieving a shameful past. There were forty inmates of this class in the first year ; forty-four were admitted in 1865, seventy-three in the year following, and about eighty in 1867. At the present time the number of penitents is ninety-three ; and there are 180 orphaned or deserted children being maintained and educated in the reformatory branch of the in- stitution. The system pursued, both with regard to the reclamation of the Magdalens and the in struction of the ohildren, is an admirable one - is, indeed, the only efficacious system possible. The Sisters of the Good Shepherd win their confidence and affection. Virtue and piety are made attractive by example as well as precept. There is no austerity in either. Instead of scornful reproaches and hard re- monstrances, the erring women who take refuge in this asylum experience nothing but tender pity, kindly assistance, and womanly sympathy. The past is put away for ever, and all the efforts of the sisterhood are di- rected to conduct their wards through a tem- porary, but not uncheerful, seclusion from the world, through the discipline of industry and methodical habits, and through the daily fulfilment of homely duties and household offices, to a life of usefulness and good repute. It is manifest from the countenances and de- portment of the girls in the presecoe of the mother and sisters of the convent, that those names have something more than a titular meaning, and that the relations subsisting between the superioress, the community, and the inmates, are impressed with a maternal and sisterly character. Hence the success of the institution, as exhibitcd in the gratifying circumstance that the bulk of the penitents, after remaining for a period of about two years in the asylum, enter into domestic service, and conduct themselves with exem- plary propriety, while the report for the year l867 shows that six of the young women who left the asylum in that year married. It says much for the treatment the inmates expe- rience while beneath its roof, and for the gratitude with which it inspires them, that they continue to re-visit it after re-entering the world, and seem to regard it in many in- stances with a home feeling. The history of some of the inmates is a very painful one, and lets in a strong light upon the social evil, its causes, and its consequences in Victoria. Thus much may be unhesitatingly asserted, that in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred the shame and the penalty are borne by those who have been foully wronged, and that society is inexcusably lenient to the actual wrongdoer. Perhaps the most revolting fea- ture of the evil here is that mere children are ensnared to their ruin by infamous creatures of their own sex. Imagine the incident- which actually occurred- of a girl of fifteen years of age having been rescued from a house of ill-fame after two years of degradation! We have said that besides the religious and moral influences brought to bear upon the penitents, they are taught to be industrious and methodical. There is a large laundry attached to the convent, and in it about half of the inmates of the Magdalen Asylum find constant and varied occupation. The mere drudgery of the work is lightened by mecha- nical appliances ; and in such active, but not protracted or monotonous labours, the girls find exemption from the sense of absolute dependence, while qualifying themselves for situations as laundresses when they leave the convent. About forty are engaged in needle- work, both plain and fancy, under the per- sonal supervision of one of the sisters ; and this employment is enlivened at stated intervals by conversation or singing. But, in order to show how methodical are the arrangements of the institution, we cannot do better than quote the time-table by which they are regu- lated :- 6 to 6.30-Rise, dress, and make beds. 6.30 to 6.45-Morning prayer. 6.45 to 7.15-Breakfast. 7.15 to 8-Mass. 8 to 8 30-Talking whilst doing work. 8.30 to 9-Silence, work continued. 9 to 10-Reading. 10 to 10.30-Monday and Thursday, gram- mar and geography; Tuesday, Wednesday, and Friday, dictation. 10.30 to 11-Writing. 11 to 11.30-Arithmetic 11.30 to 12.-Sing canticle, sewing. 12 to 12.30-Dinner. 12.30 to 1.30-Recreation. 1.30 to 2-Singing canticle, silence, sewing, &c.; 2 to 2.30-Lecture. 2.30 to 3-Study. 3 to 3.30-Sewing and other work. 3.30 to 4-Talking whilst doing work. 4 to 4 30-Religious instruction, catechism. 4.30 to 5.45-Household work, &c.; 5.45 to 6-Recite the Rosary. 6 to 6.30-Supper. 6.30 to 8-Recreation. 8-Night prayers, and retire in silence to bed. On Sunday evenings religious processions are formed, and wend their way through the picturesque grounds, singing hymns and car- rying banners. To be the bearer of one of these latter appears to be an object of ambi- tion with the girls, and the privilege, there- fore, is made the reward of those who have been conspicuous for their good conduct during the week. The young children frolic and gambol on the grass, and their cheerful- ness is not restrained, but rather augmented, by the presence and oversight of the sister- hood. Seen from the neighbouring eminence in Studley-park these harmless festivities have something of a mediaeval aspect, and are not without an idyllic charm. They have this, in common with the general tenor of ex- istence inside the convent walls, that they are utterly at variance with the commonly received notions of conventual life ; while there can be little doubt that in selecting, as the scene of their labours and the home of these outcasts of society, one of the most beautiful spots in the neighbourhood of Mel- bourne, the Sisters of the Good Shepherd have not been inattentive to the soothing and restorative influence of nature. Like the men and women belonging to the monastic orders in the middle ages, they have chosen a place admirably adapted, as Wordsworth says, " To peace and meditative cheerfulness, Where living things and things inanimate Do speak at Heaven's command to eye and ear, And speak to social reason's inner sense With inarticulate language." Besides the Magdalen Asylum, there is an orphanage and reformatory, school for ne- glected and criminal girls under fifteen years of age ; and this is one of the most interest- ing and pathetic portions of the establish- ment-pathetic on account of the distressing circumstances under which so many of these poor little waifs and strays of humanity are heartlessly deserted, or painfully bereaved, or cruelly neglected, and prematurely enlisted into the "devil's regiment" by their parents or companions ; pathetic, also, by reason of the loving kindness with which they are cared for, nourished, and taught by the affectionate ; sisterhood. The children are of all ages, from two upwards ; and it is very interesting to notice the contrast between the counte- nances, the expression, and the general ap- pearance of some of those who have been recently admitted into the institution and the aspect of such as have been there for a few months or years. The faces of the former are pinched and gaunt, there is an old and weary look about the eyes, reminding you of the changes which Constance anticipates will pass over her darling boy- " But now will canker sorrow eat my bud, And chase the native beauty from his cheek, And he will look as hollow as a ghost, As dim and meagre as an ague's fit." And there is something of the startled furtive expression in their gaze which you see in that of a wild animal which has been just trapped. This passes away after a time, and the inmates of an earlier date come for- ward with smiling countenances, and look up to the faces of the sisters with a bright trust- fulness, which is too spontaneous to be other- wise than genuine, and which is very pleasant to witness. The children have drifted into a quiet haven, secure from storm and wreck, and may be looked upon as so much salvage from the moral waste and ruin outside. There are, as has been stated, above 180 children in the juvenile reformatory, who are maintained, clothed, sheltered, and instructed in the rudiments of knowledge, in needle- work, and in the principles of religion and morality. For their reception and accommo- dation, a commodious schoolroom and a lofty and airy dormitory have been recently erected ; and, like every other portion of the establishment, are scrupulously clean. We visited the convent without any previous in- timation, and without announcing our ob- ject. Every part of it was freely thrown open to inspection ¡ and we everywhere found cheer- ful activity prevailing, combined with an entire absence of coercion and restraint, showing that the law of kindness is the supreme rule of government in the establish- ment. The accounts for the past year have not yet been made up; but the balance- sheet for 1867 states the expenditure for that year to have been £4,621 11s, 6d., while thoe receipts, irre- spective of a loan, were little more than £3,000, and the institution was burdened with a debt of nearly £5,000 on the 31st of December, 1867. The actual maintenance charges were about £2,600 ; and the sisters point out that " whilst the act of Par- liaments allows only £13 per head per annum for each neglected or criminal girl, the actual cost of clothing, mainte- nance, &c.;, averages £23 10s., leaving a burden of £1010s. on each to bo borne by the convent. As the number of girls committed by the courts of justice to the guardianship of the convent, and now undergoing the necessary reformatory discipline, is seventy one, the Nuns of the Good Shepherd have to provide £745 10s. every year for the support, education, and training of the poor victims of misfortune who would cost the state double that amount at least if they were in either the Government establishments or prisons." It would reflect disgrace upon a wealthy community like this if an institution which is accomplishing so much good, and which is conducted by ladies whose lives are devoted to the service of humanity, in obedience to what they believe to be the will of their Divine Master, and who are actuated and sustained by the purest motives, should be crippled in its operations for the want of funds. To those in whom the spirit of sectarianism and bigotry is stronger than the sentiment of philanthropy, and who object to subscribe to a benevolent object because the promoters of it are Roman Catholics, we can say nothing. We are glad to believe, however, that in an age in which the principles of religious toleration are be- ginning to be better understood, and to be more generally practised, it is only necessary to call public attention to a really Christian charity, conducted by genuinely Christian people, and productive of a Christian life in those who participate in its benefits, in order to insure for it the approbation and support of Christians of all denominations. 