THE VICTORIA RACING CLUB'S NEW YKAfa'a DAY MEETING. [From the Argus, January 2.1 The annual race meeting, which is the most attractive of all the festivals incident to the holidays given in celebration of the advent of the new year, was held yesterday on the Flemington Course, the scene of many memorable equine contests and of great triumphs as well as defeats for Victoria in the lists against the neighbouring colonies. The programme provided abundant sport; but the stewards were not quite so fortunate as usual in regard to the weather, and the threatening aspect of the day had a very appreciable effect upon the public attendance. A summer race meeting on the banks of the Saltwater Hiver is customarily associated with one of those bright and happy cloudless davs which are the especial boast of Australia Felix, and which always seem to give the lie direct to the poet who wrote that " man was made to mourn." On the present occasion, however, St. Swithin can scarcely be said to have been propitious, 'ihe morning broke sombre and drear, several light showers fell at intervals, and at one time the heavy rain clouds threatened almost to "scarf up the pitiful eye of day;" but as the day wore on its aspect gradually improved, though too late to secure the presence of many who feared the wet, and by 4 o'clock the sun had struggled into a genial appearance befitting the occasion. Tliereis no more brilliant sight than a metropolitan racecourse on a sunny day, and, perhaps by contrast, nothing more dismal thau a race viewed from beneath a leaking umbrella, with the rain splashing around. This infliction was happily spared those who visited Flemington jesleiday, though it could not but be felt that the dull weather had somewhat damped the proceedings as far as those are concerned whose only business on the course was pleasure. His Excellency the Governor, who was accompanied by Colonel Gure Browne, the ex-Governor of Tasmania, aud Mrs. Gore Browne, with Miss Manners Sutton, and Lieutenant Rothwell, A D.C., occupied the portion of the Grand Stand reserved for them, and remained until the Steeplechase had been run. The bell rung for the first race of the day immediately after the arrival of the Viceregal party, and a field of six answered the summons. Those most fiucied were Dolo, Potatoes, and Little King. The condition of the majority of the horses that weighed out was not particularly good, if we except Elis, who stripped the picture of health, and from the excellence of his outward form many prophesied a successful result. Two of the favourites— Dolo and Potatoes—lost whatever chance they may have possessed by falling, the former when his winning 6eemed almost a certainty. The above contretemps left the contest to Prince Alfred and Elis, the former winning easily by three lengths. The victory, of course, was an unexpected one, and the ring men were in ecstacies at so successful an opening. Fortune, however, did not favour the layers in the succeeding event, the Flemington Stakes, for _ Charon, upon whom odds were laid by his admirers, won a fine race after an exciting struggle with Gondolier. As a whole, the youngsters „ were not a bad lot; but Charon appeared - a very Triton among the minnows when Morrison mounted him in the paddock. He is an extremely handsome and powerful coit, with four white feet, a kind, bloodlike head, excellent shoulders, very fine arms and thighs, hocks splendidly r let down, and back of extraordinary strength. His fore legs were slightly disfigured by a couple of splints both of which, however, have - been successfuliv - - treated by his trainer. His commanding style soon attracted the attention of the cognoscenti, who unanimously pronounced him the finest two-year-old ever seen on the course, and one likely to do credit to his wel'-bred sire, ferryman, whose stock are of great promise. Another of this horse's progeny was the handsome and wellshaped little colt, Derby, whose dam. Chrysolite, had evidently transmitted much of her own quality to her son. "The dark Gondolier did not strike the eye very favourably in consequence of his small size, but there was a wear-and-tear appearance about him which be'okened a thorough game one; :>nd as his condition was of the be«t there were not a few who regarded his chance with favour, from the fact of Mr. Fir-lier starting his colt a trifle stout. The Syduev-bred Cceur-de-Lion. although a fine specimen of the thoroughbred hor>e, was entirly friendless; but we shall be much mistaken if this colt does not see a bette. day, as he comes from a strain of blood which improves with age. Gallant was in very fair form, but he is hardly the class of horse, we think, to cope successfully with with such "clinkers," as Charon and Gondolier, The race needs but little description, as the favourite jumped away in front, and was never headed, the only formidable opponent amongst his competitors being Gondolier, who struggled on with great garaeness to the finish, and was only defeated bv a neck, a result mainly attributable to the fine riding of Morrison, who materially assisted his horse when the real struggle commenced, Derby looked very formidable as they swept into the straight, but opp isite the carriage-paddock lie either overreached himself or crossed his legs broke his back, and /ell powerless to the ground' and we are sorry to say that Mr. Lang, who was riding the colt, was seriously injured by the fall, the cap of his knse being broken, while the back portion of his body also suffered severely from the concussion. He was quickly removed from the course to his own house, where be received medical aid. From the latest accounts we learn : that he is in a very weak state, What might be considered the principal race of the day came next upon the liat, and a notice appearing upon the board to the effect that Mr. Wilson declared to win with My Dream caused the flying daughter of old Fisherman to become a warmer favourite than ever, and even money was laid on her against the field. Tne favourite looked a very different animal to what she did at the spring meeting, and created a far more favourable impression than was anticipated, owing to a rumour having gained currency that she was altogether too light. Mr. Tait's colt, The Earl, wa ked unmistakably stiff behind when he left his box, and as he galloped very "feelingly" in his preliminary, tne success of the dangerous yellow jacket was regarded as a matter of doubt. A great deal of curio-siiy was exhibited to take stock of the grey colt Antelope, and we can safely aver that no finer candidate ever stripped for Derby hoiioms. He is a remarkably nice colt, with excellent puints all over, and had it not been for a slight stoppage in his work, caused by a cold, it is more than probable that Mr. Moffatt's filly would not have achieved such an easy victory as she did. Gasworks, a strapping representative of the Fisherman family, also came in for a large shaie of attention, and !o ke'l remarkably well, notwithstanding that the dull colour of her coat detracted somewhat from her appearance. She is a much more powerfully-shaped filly than her stable companion, and ber style of galloping, although not so taking peih ips as that of My Dream, is sufficiently good to convince us that she is not only a flyer, but a stayer also. Ragpickcr looked none the worse for her spell since the spring; but it was evident from the disinclination of her owner to iuvest upon her that she was not prime enough for the task before her. Koowee-rup and Prator were clearly our of their element amongst the crack3, but the latter may yet 6ee a better day as he advances in age. Melancholy Jaques and Werribee were in very fair condition, but they likewise were in company much above their station. The Amator colt went very slow as he cantered past the Stand, and the contrast between his stilty style of going and the grand manner in which My Dream extended herself was something wonderful to witness. Directly after starting, My Dream, who got off badly, rushed through her horses as if they were standing, assumed the lead at the turn, maintained it to the finish, and won in a common canter in first-class time. A more hollow affair it has never been our lot to witness, and as there was no mistake in the time, it is quite certain Mr. Moffatt possesses an animal of no ordinary pretensions. The success of a Victorian horse was hailed with delight by the crowds on the hill and flit, both horse and rider coming in for a great ovation as they returned to scale. The detractors of the Fisherman stock were rather surprised at the very easy victory of his speedy daughter, and expressed great astonishment when GasworkB flew first past the post in the Midsummer Handicap. No matter what adverse opinions may exist as to the quality of the Fisherman stock, it is beyond scepticism that the only animals able to strike the flag of the New South Wales men are those owe their existence to the old Heron horse; and though some of his stock cut up badly at the late Spring Meeting, the doings of Charon, Gondolier, My Dream, and Gasworks will go a great way to establish the reputation of the celebrated hero as a first-class sire. The Midsummer Handicap was shorn off some of its brilliancy through the absence of Warwick, whose defection from the ranks caused a rush to be made upon Gasworks, the latter's performance in the Derby being considered good enough to entitle her to the premier position in the betting market. The scratching of Warwick was commented upon in no very favourable terms by a certain few; but we think it but due to Mr. Tait to state, that the starting of the horse would have caused an utter breakdown. The result of the race clearly demonstrated that it was "Fisherman's day out," for his daughter came directly she was called upon, and won a fast-run race in splendid style by three lengths. At an interval of about half an hour another of the great events was set down for decision, and the preparation of The Barb and Glencoe for the struggle was the signal for a rush to get a glimpse of the two cracks. Each hadalargecircleof admirers, and although the black wonder was not so full of muscle as lie might have been had his owner been enabled to seud him along as fast as he wished during his prepatation, he was quite well enough to cause his backers to remain confident of victory. The chesnut, too. reflected the greatest credit on you.ig Stanley, who had charge of the horses during Ash worth's absence; and the absurd notions prevalent that Mr. Tait's success is principally owing to a large share of luck, received a satisfactory rebutting answer in the appearance and condition of his horse! 1 , which ought to have satisfied the most prejudiced mind that his numerous victories are principally owing to good management. Fireworks, it was palpable, had not had time enough to undergo sufficient preparation to fit him for so trying an ordeal as a severe three-mile race; and though Strop exhibited symptoms of having undergone a most careful training, it was well known he was not possessed of calibre equal to the occasion, so that a vistory for Mr. Tait was regarded as a certainty, and such it was, for The Barb and Glencoe had settled the other pair before two miles had teen traversed, and coming on at their own pace, finished as they liked, the black slightly in advance of his stable companion. Well may The Barb be termed a " wonder," seeing that this was the third three-mile race he had won on three successive New Year's Days, the total amount of his winnings in stakes during his career nearly reaching £10,000. The Steeplechase was once more a "chapter of accidents," and owing to the negligence of the authorities, resulted in a victory for Viking, whose success was the only fluke of the day. During the second round, it appears that the rails generally taken down in order to allow the horses to cotue into the straight were not removed, and Ballarat, Babbler, and iugleside, not observing the mistake, went on inside, thereby allowing Callanm, on Viking, to jump into the course, and steal the race out of the fire. But for this there would have been a splendid contest between the three. The running of Ballarat, with 13 st. upon his back, stamps him as one of the best, if not the very best, of steeplechasers the colony has ever possessed. Bibbler also distinguished himself ; but Mr. Watson's horse was leading when the mistake was made, and it is our opinion that he would h ive landed the cerise jacket in front had he gone straight. Ingleside also looked dangerous up to this point, but none of the others had the ghost of a chance after Bacchus felL The £50 Plate ended in an exciting struggle between Palladium and Salem Scudder, the mare defeating the favourite by a head. This brought an excel* lent day'6 sport to a close. 