LECTUBE. A lecture was delivered in the Wes ieyan Schoolroom, on Thursday evening, hy the Bev. X. Raston, of Wallaioo. The subject was 'The White Man's Grave.' Mr. John Jones briefly intro duced the lecturer, remarking that he thought ' brevity was the soul of wit.' The lecture! explained that Jus lecture would not be on the missionary question, but principally a description of the country in which he had lived for 10 years. Though from ' The White Man's Grave,' he hoped he should not be cou sidered;a resurrectionist. Be might be but a shadow of what he once was, but he was still more substantial than a ghost. Any one considering the beauty of the West 'Coast of Africa would wonder it had ever received euch a designation. Yet so it was. A few years ago 50 per cent, of resident Europeans died annually. At one time it was customary on meeting a fellow Euro Dean, after the nannl pniicrratiiln lions, to enquire ' how many died last night ? ' A sketch of the geographical limits of the country was giveD. The discovery of the WeBt Coast took place about the sixteenth century, and it was a painful coincidence that the same year in which Martin Luther introduced his gigantic work of. reformation gave birth to that monstrous evil, the slave trade. In vigorous language .the lecturer de nounced the fearful wrong which had been done the sons of Africa by irre ligious traders. The mineral kingdom in the district of Sierra Leone had not been explored, but the abundance of gold was uudoubtedly great. All along the gold coast the soil is impregnated with gold. So loaded would the wristB and elbows of the great men bo when they carrie to pay their respects to the Governors, that a boy would accompany them, on whose shoulders they would rest 'their heavy arms while addressing the representative of majesty. He be been discovered in Victoria, South Aus tralia, and California put together ; but most of the gold mineB were dedicated to their heathen deities, and were thus pro tected by popular superstition. The people were strong and warlike, and the English could not walk in as in these lands and tell the natives to stand aside. Other minerals, as iron, copper, &c.;, were found in great abundance. The numer ous rivers were ot great assistance to commerce. There were upwards of 100 rivers in WeBt Africa, sowe of them rivalling in volume the finest livers of North America. The timber wag of the most remarkable character. Some of the giant forest trees were described. Among the less useful trees were the baobab, of which he had measured one 27 feet in diameter, and judging by trie number of concentric rugs, it must have been 6,000 years old. Vegetables were abundant and excellent, as for instance, the yam, one of which grown by himself, weighed 50 lbs. He had se:n one con taining 100 lbs. of solid vegetable matter of most excellent quality. He established a kiml of agricultural society which had been of immense advantage to the natives. Precious gums existed, and trickled from the trees, and the floral beauties of the country were amazing. So abundant was vegetation that grass would grow 16 or 20 feet high in six months. A vine he had planted himself bore six bushels of grapes twice a year. The country swarms with life, from the humming bird to the ostrich ; there were birds of every size. ..Beasts' of numerous kinds were found in the forests, and the rivets 'arid seas swarm with fish. The insect tribes were equally numerous, bui there were neither flieB, fleas— (laughter) -nor 'flat- backs.' (Renewed laughter and cheering.) The articles of export were very numerous, and in the year he had left, to the value of £1 ,000,000. Let the curse of slavery be removed, and the ex ports would be increased manifold. (Great cheering) Of the climate he liid great difficulty in speaking. The unnecessary exposure and reckleaB use of : ardent spirits by Europeans had doubt less much to do with the mortality which prevailed. One scourge was the yellow fever, which for some unexplained cause visited the coast every seven years. The causes of the unhealthiness of the climate were described, and a description of a tornado was given with a vividness only attainable hy one who had been an eye witness, and bo thrilling the audience^ that it; seemed almost possible to hear the cracks of the thunder And the bursts of the destroying wind. ? A hymn having been sung by the con gregation, the lecturer proceeded to say he almost wished he could be young again. Memory reminded him of many happy days among the sable sons of Ham. The missionaries had done much for the ; Africans. He. had been vent (tut to the mission specialty to establish a Training Institution, which, he was glad to say had become entirely self-supporting. Mis sionaries had taught the natives agricul ture, and many other valuable things, but the beat of all was that, during the ten years of his residence there, not fewer than 100 souls were converted to God. (Applause.) Slavery was a dark blot in England's history, but first as sue was among the nations of the world, first in her commerce, she was the first to wash her hands from the foul stain.' (Cheers.) In one day she spent £20,000,000 to strike the fetters from the limbs of the slaves. (Renewed cheering.) Now the flac of Encland is the signal of liberty wherever it waves. The lecturer described the efforts made bv the British Government to suppress the slave trade, and referred to losses sustained year by year during hia resi dence there. The meeting listened in breathless horror to the graphic detail of the murders and conflagrations which attended the capture of the slaves and the horrora of the middle passage. By the Mohammedan and Christian (save the mark) slave trade, Africa at onetime lost half a million sons annually. (Sen sation.) England, he had said' was free from it, would to God every Englishman was ; but to the disgrace of many it had to be confessed there were thousands of pounds' worth of goods manufactured in England specially for the slave trade and there were Englishmen actually engaged in it. He had the wickedness or Chris tianity, ' call it which you please,' to in form against one or tw.o of them and they had to fly for their lisrs. (Great cheer inp-.i King Dahomey's body-guard (f 20,000 armed women were mentioned. These Amazons were employed in slave wnrs, because they were the most success ful. (Seiination.) These slave wais caused immense loss of life. In one 20,000 lives were sacrificed, nnd 16,000 carried away captive. The introduction of Christianity into the kingdom of Dahomey, the persecution which followed, the fidelity of the Christians, were re ferred to. When he left, that kingdom was under the influences of Christianity. Numerous affecting incidents in connec tiou with the slave trade were given, and after BDeakine- for nearlv two hours in spite of repeated cries of ' go on.' the Bev. Lecturer concluded by reciting an instance in which, among a number of free people, served to make up the com pliment of a slaver's cargo, was a woman taken during the absence of her husband. He, finding all entreaties and offers to ransom his wife unavailing swam off and gave himself to slavery rather than be separated. A happier fate, however, awaited them, the ' Growler ' was lying in wait just outside; by tl e waj^ie had the honor of giving the necessary infor» mation, (they would think him a common informer) and captivity was taken captive. On coming ashore, the released pair knelt down and gave thank* to the white man and the white man's God. The -Lecturer resumei'Miis seat amid loud and lpug continued cheeriug. 