LITERATURE. THE DOCTOR OF BEAUWEIR* A less sensational novel than the Doctor of Beauweir we never read. Not that it by any means belongs to the domestic order of works of fiction, or is deficient in materials for excit ing situations. A voyage to Australia in a female convict ship—at a time too, when, we are reminded, delinquents of the gentler sex were as amenable to man-of-war's discipline as any A. B. seaman on the ship's books: a forgery by a rector's son. with the culprits arrest in the middle of a grand dinner at his father's rectory, and his subsequent trial and transportation; the bowling out, by the merest chance of the wrongful heir, whom everybody hates, and the promotion over his head of the usual officer in love, who is more in love than usual, and who had no more notion than the reader, a few pages back, of the preferment that is in store for him. Here, one might have thought, were incidents enough for an Adelphi melodrama, let alone a two-volumed tale. But the author goes on neglecting golden opportunities in the most provoking way, and the reader, accustomed to the better thrift, in this respect, of Miss Braddon and Mr. Wilkie Collins, is inclined at last to lose all patience with what looks like criminal waste. Fancy a medical student being allowed to walk the hospital without our ever being permitted a glimpse of Mr. ( Bob Sawyer or Mr. Jack Johnson. Fancy a hydrophobia patient actually dying in his bed as quietly as if he had been, killed in the ordinary way secundam odea. Fancy the war in the Crimea and the mutiny in India going on in the background, without even the "groans of the dying"' reaching the reader in front- It is all very to say that so it would be in real life. But what would become, we should like to know, of half the novelists whose works are now in demand, if that consideration were to have any weight with subscribers to circulating libraries'. Novelists, of course—and popular novelists, too—are to be met with in bindings of every colour, whose natural taste leads them to desert the high-roads of romance and passion, in order to become the chroniclers of home or school days, or life at some quiet watering place ; just as trareilen abound who make a point of turning their backs upon places named in the guide-books, and hunting out for themselves some picturesque spots un known to the tourist world But Mr. Gilbert has not hitherto betrayed any of this pensive pnwfiroir* for unobtrusive beauties. His treatment of his former subjects has indeed been slways original; but his materials, as a zule, bare been of the kind in which ftf-nta*"1"*1 writers most delight. Eccentric portraiture has been, if anything, his foible; and nothing strikes us as more remarkable in the pages under review than the command which the writer must have obtained over ViimfM, to be able to refuse so many tempta tions to follow his natural bent. The object of his new tale is to exhibit to vis village life in England—not from any con ventional point of view, but as it is; and, in order to do this, it is necessary that we should see it, not through the eyes of novelist, satirist, poet, or man of the world, but through those of some plain, average English man of right principles and fair education, who has himself taken an active part in what he is describing. For such a purpose no character could offer more opportunities than , that of a country doctor; and, therefore, j the Doctor of Beauweir is made to tell the { story. And this Doctor of Beauweir is not Mr. { Gilbert himself under another name, nor does 1 he ever quit his own identity in order to give j as Mr. Gilbert's views of men and things. He is always the same—conceited, simple, manly, and tree; the sagest of Mentors in all ques tions of village politics, but in domestic mat ters as guileless and easily imposed on as the respectable British paterfamilias usually is; and his character gives its colour to the whole book. We look at society through the Doc tor's glass. The world to which we are intro duced consists, without exception, of his patients and friends. No dialogues are ad mitted at which he was not present, no scenes at which he did not at least assist. Nor is artifice of any kind employed to make these conditions more favourable to dramatic re quirements. We are so. precisely placed in the position of listeners to the Doctor's tale that we learn nothing more of the personages who figure in it than listeners in such a case might be expected to learn. Tiris principle is carried so far that from beginning to end we never get a bint of the Doctor of BeauwexFs name." Not that there is the least mystery about it,, but that no occasion of telling it ever ocean naturally, and it is against Me. Gilbert's conscience as a tale-wright to make one. Anjr writer lew rigorously true to his system; would certainly have devised some means' for giving his readem this innocent piece of. information. Some one in the course of conversation would have addnmsed the Doctof jty name, orinspeaking of his wife he would, himself have found an opportunity of fcringingin their common appellation; in one way or astothertitt difficulty wooM have Jfceen surmounted without probability bring Vio? lated. i'Bttt Mr.Gilbert is inflexible. The last thibgamaa has to "tell, in;te!lldg artery, is S "1 #Hh^alweys Jqyes to jttt ^hnSr history before Ami ^ main narrative. So we lieady Me with ' Ids mother, - - Sir Astiey Cooper, his endba&d;£pin and marriage,' flSDft A hOIWL 6f WfiLtOUbert;' •vl.WSr '■'fgi-OU' "i tossed about hitherto in many different directions. teems to settle also down to its wort AD the great, and most of the Kttfe people of the neighbourhood are soon tigering in the Doctor"® pages- Being nnder do necessity, from the plan of his book, to group all ha personages in one striking tableau at 'h* end, Mr. Gilbert is at liberty to admit a larger number tfcan usual into his two volumes. Some of his spares, as wEl ' always be the case in a crowd, have faces that at first sight remind us of old acquaintances. There is Mrs. Walker, the clergyman's wife, who is a Tillage Mrs. Prowdhe, and bishops it over the schoolmistress in a way more than worthy of her iflustrioas prototype. There is Sir John Lydg&t; a drunken baronet whs might have walked straight out of the pages of Mr. Kingsley's T*» Ytxr* A?>. and for that matter have brought his wife with him. There is Mr. Walker, with Serjeant Cuff's paaion for the cultivation of roses, hut fail ing to imitate the Serjeant's success with his Lcbby, probably from culpable neglect of grass walks. The very Doctor himself has an indistinct resemblance to Mr. Margrave's medical friend in A Stramge Story ; while his wife. Kate, though in all other respects 1 much more like Agnes than Dora, has [ ail the child-wife's perplexities over her I arithmetical studies, and caps them with a I special bewilderment of her own, caused by i the use of Wahiufkame's Key. The fortunes of 1 the WaJker and the Lydgate families are made i to occupy the greater part of the two volumes, just as in actual life the house and the rectory i would naturally take up the most of a country practitioner's time and thoughts. The Prouiie ; training culminates in the disgrace and ruin of a favourite son. T he Lydgates are much more I fortunate; the penniless captain, who has [ gained the younger daughter's heart, taming out—bj a surprising discovery, in which a pet crotchet of toe Doctor's about the retentive power of the mind (here we catch sight of the author of toe Shirley Hall Asylum) is of unex pected use—the rightful heir to the deceased baronet's estate. It is quite impossible to describe the plot of the Doctor of Beauwtir, lor it is the story of a life, and has none of toe recognised goals of ordinary novels. It flows on past all the usual landmarks—recovered property, happy mar riages, sentimental deaths—until it ends by leaving the Doctor a saddened man by a lonely hearth, with wife and favourite daughter lost to him, his surviving children at a distance, and his vfcrupatWt e""1 And then the story turns inward, and becomes the record of his own feelings; and toe interest, if anything, deepens rather than flags, for now, for the first time, the writer's wonderful knowledge of mortal pathology, and skill in detecting and tracing the most subtle and delicate aberra tions of the human needle, have free play in these volumes. The Doctor's investigations on toe subject of memoir have acquired anew at traction and significance for him, now that his own recollections are all he has to live for. His theory, no very new one, is that every scene in life imprints itself indelibly on toe brain, mid maybe recovered after any length of time, with its minutest details, by patient search. Only go on turning backward page after page of the album in which the mind keeps its photographs, mid there is no picture of the past, however old and forgotten, but may be found, and its colours restored. But the mind, busied in these investigations, is apt to lose its haianee, and one Christmas eve, when his housekeeper has gone out for a few hours, and he is quite alone, toe Doctor finds that his imagination has turned showman, and that every room in toe old house is alive with the scenes and persons among which his memory has been engaged. Passages from every period of his married life are acted before him in dumb show. At the top of the stairs a child's foot is thrust through a gate, requiring to be extricated; a phantom bouse. wwpid is leaning out of an upper window, a spectre gardener is catching rain-water in a pail from a hole in the garret's roof, a child of five yean is trying to push open with one hand bis bedroom door, while in the other a cup of tea is lying upset in die saucer, and its contents streaming to the flow. There is nothing strained or unnatural about the ap parition of these images; they are only the legitimate sequel to the Doctor's psychological experiment*. With a reserve that has much grace and delicacy in it, the two members of his family that have recently died, his wife and eldest daughter, axe sacred even to his disordered fancy, and take no visible part in the ghostly drama. This is more than the meretrickof a novelist; it is the intuition of a poet. The whole of this chapter, indeed, is managed with great skill, and should be rend as a specimen of Mr. Gilbert's happiest inven tions. The story baa, of comae, now readied a point beyond which ft cannot proceed. But to get the Doctor of Beanweir off the stage in a satisfactory manner, and perhaps also to compensate himself for much previous self denial, Mr. Gilbert lays toe rdns upon toe neck of his humour, and presents us in con clusion with a chapter of whimsicalities. Old women axe always among his. favour ite studies, and here he, fairly revels in them. To save himself from any more solitary Christmaees, toe: Doctor arranges to entertain on these anniver saries a select' festive patty of his poorer femdepatients. Of toe experiment, it is enough to say that it is entirely successful, and that we leave him with ample resources at hand, in the shape of Mrs. Moffat, Mrs'. Moggs, and Mrs. Mills, for making oufc a pleasant eveniu&.and laying a wdmfeehprdi yaififpLof ghosts. \- - It is in keeping with the author's fixed de terminalion (0 fcdi the plaiustpiy ofa life, as a man tvouM patorally toD it whose life it volumes jgafefe rmpaddipg fe nny, shape or. form; (fefieicfd,, political, A<4entifio, or re .Ugipna.., pfflnifKjftnpti wfeck 4»eu 'sg»4?f rion Ottoe )Cfcxtona, is oot a vanity ®! Mri Gilbert. He/is not! given to stopjfiiig the ooutae of his u&rrativa; o» many irriteti Mrili imsi .udt • ' •K ■ I J.-..nr. $•.;!,*;» "ft*' ?'• «1 •" • • da to air thorova Ifinan j. or their tnrt, or tfcqrithwhjj, or their mattering of ut One of bis characters, indeed, is described as L* ring an arm fesifit, wtatew thai may be. in his eye, and somebody etee, probably Ha Moffat or Mrs. Moggs, b afBicted with tow peeitoatie. which, done into English, means a housemaida knee ; bet Aneue the Gnly scraps of pedantry in the book, aod are. besides, in strict accordance with his assured character as a medical man of the (rid schooL SirnDarlj consistent with toe story's bang the autobiography of an old-fashioned ; country practitioner, is toe fact that toe only occasion on which he invades the domain of science is when be goes out 1 of bis way to hare a vidoas ding at j Mr. Huxley, whom he seems to hold in modi I f the same respect in which that distinguished specimen of protoplasm is ungrateful enough i to hold M. Comte. Of divinity and polities i be is stOl more sparing, not troubling his i head apparently about the latter, and a boat I the former giving as no better cine to whether fcis views are tow. broad, high, higher, or highest church, than may be gathered from I fcis account of his wife—that " in the doctrine i of good works and duty to one's neighbours she was as strict as upon all other parts of her theological studies, though she made a point I of teaching her children that though of great f importance, they were of Jess importance than j faith; a part of her teaching," be adds, "I , am afraid they scarcely understood." This is : a most refreshing trait in a modern novelist ■ Nothing has contributed so much to the ! growth of spasmodic fiction as toe practice of | crowding out the story with fine wTiringmpoa everything irrelevant. I Pushed so into a corner, the incidents when ! I they come must be of a very striking character j ! iodeednottoruntbechanceof being altogether ' ! overlooked. But Mr. Gilbert knows nothing of j the quackery of literature. If we want a tale ! i well told, without affectation or mannerism. ' i without any extraordinarily effective sitoa- | ! tions, bnt with a strong current of human interest running through it. and not shoaling ' j at the end—a tale in which tbe characters shall j be natural characters, and toe life real life j and the feelings and sentiments just what j right-minded Eiiglisb men ami women of this day might tori and express, we know few j writers in toe ranks of modem fiction who j have shown themselves so capable of writing | such a tale as the author of The Dxtor of Beamaeir. 