RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. FOUNDATION-STONE OF ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL. On Tuesday afternoon, Jane 29, the Right Rev. Dr. Short, Lord Bishop of Adelaide, laid the founda- tion-stone of St. Peter's Cathedral at North Ade- laide. The erection of a building of this kind has ever been an object of particular solicitude with His Lordship, and arrangements having been so far perfected as to admit of this initiatory act, the 22nd anniversary of his consecration to the Epis- copacy afforded an appropriate opportunity for the ceremony. At his first installation in the diocese, in January, 1848, Her Majesty's letters patent were read, nominating Trinity as the Cathedral Church, but at the same time authorizing the Bishop to substitute any other, whether already built or to be built hereafter. The sub- ject has not been left altogether in abeyance, for at intervals it has been referred to in Pastoral Charges; and early in 1855 His Lordship avowed his intention of taking immediate steps for the erection of a special building for cathedral purposes. This resolution was taken principally in consequence of a liberal donation of £1,000 from Mr. Wm. Allen, and of a similar sum from the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge. But in the very threshold of his project he was encountered by serious difficulties in reference to the Rite. Under the authority of a grant from Governor Robe, supported by legal advice, claim was laid by him to the central acre of Victoria-square. This claim was strenuously resisted by the populace, but fortified by a resolution of Synod, the Bishop appealed to the Supreme Court to establish what was represented to be a legal and equitable right attaching to the Church of England. The inhabi- tants in meeting assembled strongly insisted upon the suit being defended. The City Corporation assented, and when the case was brought before the Jury the important principle was upheld that the squares were primarily intended tor the recrea- tion of the citizens. This practically set the matter at rest, and was a sore discouragement to the Cathedral movement. Years elapsed without any important steps in advance being taken; but His Lordship on re- visiting Great Britain two or three years ago once more brought the subject prominently under the notice of his friends, with satisfactory results. Up [t]ill the close of 1868 a handsome amount had been raised in England, the contributors numbering amongst them the Hon. W. E. Gladstone and other well-known names. In South Australia, over and above the liberal gift of £1,000 from Mr. Allen, there have been large offerings, bringing up the total beyond £2,300. From a statement of funds expended aud available, issued by the Bishop, it may readily be gathered that His Lordship has proved himself an efficieut Trustee of the money granted many years ago. In his hand it has fructified, until the aggregate sum appropriated for the edifice has reached £9,927. Of this £1,052 10s. 10d. has been devoted to the purchase of a site, and £227 10s. to the erection of the enclosing wall. The remaining total of £8.617 18s 5d. is thus made up —Money on mortgage, £5,610; cash uninvested, £486; cash in Bank. £284 18s 64d; interest to June 30, £250; landed property cost, £886; sub- scribed 1868 9. £1,040 15s. ; Society for Propagating the Gospel, £80 4s. 11d. The ground upon which the Cathedral of St. Peter is to be erected occupies a very prominent place at the intersection of Pennington-terrace west with the City Bridge-road. It includes a trifle in excess of an acre, and has been enclosed on one side by a substantial stone wall with brick facings and copings. The building itself is to face the angles, standing north-west and south-east, and the probable cost when completed will be from £20,000 to £25,000. The design is by Mr. W. Butterfield, of England, but it has been somewhat modified by Mr. Woods, of the firm of Wright, Woods, and Hamilton, to whom the superinten- dence of the work has been entrusted. The prin- cipal alterations made consist in heightening the tower, putting In windows, and so forth. The style of the edifice may be described as 'transition' and 'decorated,' presenting a general resemblance to the Gothic. The total length internally will be 168 feet, by a total width of 58 feet, and a height of 70 feet to the ridge. The centre is divided by transepts into nave, choir, and chancel. The nave, which is for the congregation, is divided by two rows of columns or piers, the space between from centre to centre being 32 feet. From these will rise lines of arches to the roof, which will be open, with Baltic timbers stained and varnished. [I]n the choir there will be benches fitted up for the singers, and in the side aisles of the chancel will be the usual cathedral canon stalls. The first transept projects very slightly on either side, just sufficient to give variety to the outline, but not so as to impose in any degree an obstacle either to sight or sound between the people and the officiating clergy- man, the pulpit being placed by the main pier be- tween the transept and the last nave arch on the south side. Beyond the choir is to be a secondary transept separating the chancel from the choir, one end of which is intended for an organ chamber. The chancel will have two ornamental tracery windows, whfch will probably eventually, if not at once, be fitted with stained glass, and will also be lighted by windows at the side, as well as at either end of each of the transept. The front consists of two handsome towers with buttresses, decorated windows, and minarets, spires to be executed in cut stone, banded, to rise from the centre to a height of 140 feet. Each tower will be divided into belfry and ringing cham- ber, besides which there will be an entrauce through it to the interior of the Cathe- dral. The main entrance is between the towers by a deeply recessed arched doorway through a narthex, or porch, and above it will be a large ornamental window. The sides of the building are to be supported by buttresses of cut stone, between which will be small com- plex lights in the nave, and in the clerestory or upper part there will also be two - light tracery windows in each bay. Above the smaller transept will be what is termed a lantern springing from the centre to the height of about ot 110 feet. The whole of the dressings internal and external are to be of freestone, and effect will be produced by the use of the white and brown stones in bands. The other portion of the building will be of Glen Osmond stone, and the roof of slate, which is also to be used for the floor of the interior. The building, when com- pleted, is expected to accommodate some 1,100 or 1,200 persons. The nave is to be furnished with chairs, not benches. It is thought probable that at some future time a peal of bells will be placed in the tower. No contract has as yet been taken for any part of the building; but it is expected that the work will be prosecuted without further delay. The cost of the portion to be first erected is estimated at some £12,000 or £13,0 0. The weather on Tuesday was cold and bleak, and the leaden clouds threatened rain, which fortu- nately, however, held off. At 1 o'clock a company of ladies and gentlemen, numbering about 120, partook of a sumptuous luncheon at Bishop's Court. Amongst those present were Sir James and Lady Edith Fergusson, and over 20 clergymen of the Church. There were no speeches or other proceedings of interest to the public. At 2 o'clock the Albert bells gave general notice to the citizens of the interesting event about to take place. They were silent during the time occupied in performing the ceremony, but again rang out a merry peal when all was over. As the hour of 3 o'clock approached, spectators from all direc- tions began to assemble in the Cathedral enclosure, and in course of a very short time the attendance had swelled to upwards of a thousand. Upon the ground itself there was little to indicate the magnitude and importance of the work about to be commenced. Over a square hole, nearly filled with concrete, forming part of the foundation, was suspended a solid block of free stone from the Glen Ewin Quarry, weighing about 13 cwt. Near by was a sort of gallery, roofed in with canvas, and provided with tiers of seats rising in regular gradation from the ground. Projecting from this a special stage for the accom- modation of the Governor and Lady Edith had been constructed. Around the stone a considerable space was marked off and enclosed with ropes to form a barrier against the encroachments of the general public. From the shed as well as from scaffold-poles, placed at intervals round the enclosure, were displayed flags of different descriptions, many of them bearing marks of long service at sea. The whole of these arrangements were carried out by Messrs. Woods, Brown, and Mais. On the stone was a suitable inscrip- tion, and the implements of masonry lay in readi- ness for His Lordship's use. The level and mallet were the same as had been employed by His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh in laying the foundation- stone of the Victoria Tower on his first visit and the Sailors' Home on his second visit. The trowel was a beautiful article, with a blade of silver, having inscribed on it the following words, set off with tasteful flourishes:- "This trowel was used in laying the first stone of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, by the Eight Rev. Augustus Short D.D., first Lord Bishop of Adelaide, South Australia, and presented to him by the Committee on the occasion. St. Peter's Day-29th June, A.D., 1869" Under the stone was placed a bottle containing the customary coins and newspapers, a piece of stained glass, manufactured in the colony by Mr Brooks, and MSS., explaining the circumstances under which the ceremony had been performed. The following explanatory statement was circulated on the ground:— "When the Duke of Edinburgh visited Adelaide in 1867, the Bishop was asked by the Equerry, 'Have you a cathedral?' To which he was com- pelled, reluctantly, to answer 'No.' The question was a natural one, for every diocese has its cathedral church, and 20 years had elapsed since the See of Adelaide had been founded. In the still more extended state of the Church at the present time, it cannot be unreasonable to take steps for the erection of a cathedral, where of right, and as often as he deems it expedient, the Bishop may officiate. As the chief church of the diocese the Cathedral is free from parochial obli- gations; and here worshippers from all parts of the diocese, as well as the poorer inhabitants of the city, should be free to join in the service, celebrated in all its solemn beauty, without impediment from the claims of seat-renters. Indeed, the growing ex- clusion from our parish churches of the labouring classes of this city under the pew-rent system requires to be counteracted by the free sittings of the Cathedral nave. Here, too, trom the size and form of the building, sacred music, that time hallowed accompaniment of Divice worship, at- tains its softest and most devotional tone. It is not out of place to remark that our reformed liturgy is singularly adapted for its introduction. In addition to the congregational chanting of the psalms and canticles in the Te Deum, the Gloria in Excelsis, the Sanctus, and Choral Anthem, the noblest themes for sacred harmony are afforded. "Besides its influence on liturgical worship, the Cathedral with its capitular clergy should be the training institution for theological students and the younger clergy in the practice of preaching and study of theology. Here, too, the daily Service of Prayer should be carried on, even if the parochial cleigy are hampered in this duty by other calls. The Cathedral, at least, should open its doors so that the weary and sick at heart might, day by day, find spiritual repose from the strife of tongues, and be refreshed amid the cares of business. "The more solemn gatherings also of the clergy would find in the Cathedral their proper place. Ordinations, visitations, conferences for mutual edification, special services on days of humiliation or thanksgiving, lectures in Advent and Lent, missionary anniversary sermons, meetings of parochial choirs, of Sunday-school teachers and children, visitations of the Metropolitan, public reception of other Bishops, the opening service and communion of the Diocesan Synod, and possibly of some future Provincial Synod, would be held with more of solemn dignity in the Cathedral than elsewhere. A powerful centre of influence will thus be gained without interfering with the proper work of parochial churches. St Andrew's, at Sydney, has undoubtedly been a great means of doing good in that city. "A few words with reference to the site may be added. That originally granted in Victoria-square being defective in title, and no steps in any other quarter being taken to secure another, the Bishop felt justified in placing under trust a portion of the See property for the purpose, whereby the funds for building have been kept intact. The space of ground at the [co]rner of Pennington-terrace, ad- joining the Park Lands and facing the great thoroughfare which joins North and South Ade- laide, appeared to be the nearest attainable point of contiguity between the two parts of the city, easily accessible from both sides of the Torrens. Government House, which is nearly the centre of the city, will be equidistant from the Cathedral and Government Offices. The terminus also of the railway destined to join Glenelg and Ken- sington opens still nearer the Cathedral, on the same thoroughfare. "In the trusts declared and liturgical arrange- ments proposed, [t]he old Cathedral organization, so far as possible with a titular and scantily endowed Dean and Chapter, has been adhered to. A Chaplain (or two), permanently appointed, will provide for the [or]dinary services. "Believing sincerely that such a building is necessary for the efficient working of the Church of England in this province, for the dignity of its liturgical worship, for the due training of native- born clergy and a higher tone of social and religious life, the Bishop earnestly invites the clergy and laity to cooperate with him in effecting this im- portant object remembering it continually in their prayers, and using their personal endeavours to promote the erection." Outside the enclosure the military in full force were drawn up in open order, under Major Vivian and the other commissioned officers. At 3 o'clock the privileged portion of the spectators entered the enclosure, and took up their positions on the tiers of seats before mentioned. Shortly afterwards His Excellency and Lady Edith, attended by the Hon. Captain Edgcumbe and Mr. Morris, made their appearance. As they passed the Soldiers presented arms, and on their taking the places assigned to them the National Anthem was played. Even at this early stage the seats were well filled, and the scene presented was a striking one. There were present, besides the vice regal party, a brilliant assemblage of ladies, the Hon. the Treasurer, the President of the Legis- lative Council, members of the Legislature, and distinguished colonists, principally those belonging to the English Church, altogether from 200 to 380 persons. At the stroke of 3 a procession started from Bishop's Court, and reached the ground a few minutes afterwards, entering by way of Pennington-terrace, the choir singing as they kept their place in the long and well-arranged line. In the forefront were the members of the Cathedral Committee-Messrs, a B. Young, H. H. Turton, N. Oidham. W. S. Douglas, G. W. Hawkes, S.M., N. A. Knox, W. J. Fullarton, A. Winnall, W. H. Walters, H. C. Mais, and S. Toms, walking two abreast. Then came the choirs of Christchurch, Trinity, and St Paul s, carrying banners, with the words, "Faith", "Hope", aud "Love", or some emblematic representation emblazoned upon them. These numbered between 30 and 40. Afterwards followed the clergy, consisting of the Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny. the Rev. Canon Farr, the Revs. R. Reid, J. Pollitt, D. J. H. lbbetson. G. Dove, W. W. Ewbank, H. Howitt, H. M. Pollitt, H. Read, W. H. Mudie, T. R. Neville, S. Green, T. J. Smyth, T. Field, W. A. Clayfieid. A. Honner, W. Scott, Brown, Morse, F. Williams, and E. T. Howell. All of these wore white sur- plices, while His Lordship, who brought up the rear, was arrayed in his episcopal dress. On arriving inside the enclosure the clergy took up a position around the stone, the members of the choir standirig behind, His Lordship, standing on the north side of the stone, and having beside him the Ven. Arch- deacon Twopeny and the Rev. Canon Farr, com- menced the office by reading the following exhor- tation :— Dearly beloved in the Lord - Forasmuch as devout and holy men, as well under the Law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret in- spiration of the Blessed Spirit, or by the express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of the natural decency of things, have desired to erect houses for the public worship of Almighty God, and separate them from all profane and common uses, in order to fill men's minds with greater reverence for His Glorious Majesty, and affect their hearts with more devotion and humility in His service, which pious works have been ap- proved of and graciously accepted by our Heavenly Father, let us earnestly believe that He will also favourably approve this our godly pur- pose in laying the foundation-stone of this Cathedral Church, to be set apart for all the offices of Divine Worship, and the daily sacrifice of prayer; and let us faithfully and devoutly pray Him to bless and prosper this our undertaking. Then followed appropriate passages from the Rubric, the responses being chanted by the choir; Mr. J. J. Watson presiding at the harmonium. The Lord's Prayer said, the 84th Psalm, 'Quam Dilecta,' the 96th, ' Cantate Domino,'' and the 122nd, 'Laetatus sum,' were chanted; and the Lessons from Ezra (1st c 5 and 6 v., 2nd c 68 and 69 v., and 3rd c. 8 to 13th v.) were read by the Venerable Archdeacon Twopeny. The following Collect was next read by the Bishop:— 'O Lord Jesus Christ Son of the Living God, who art the brightness of the Father's glory, and the express image of His Person, the Chief Corner- stone hewn from the mountain without hands, the sure foundation, strengthen this stone about to be laid in Thy Name; and Thou, who art the beginning and the end, by whom in the beginning God created all things, be, we beseech Thee, the beginning, the increase, and the consummation of this our work, which is under- taken to the glory of Thy Name, who, with the Father and the Holy Spirit livest and reignest one God, world without end. Amen.' "Behold I lay in Zion a chief corner-stone, elect, precious, "And he that believethin Him shall not be con- founded. "The stone which the builders refused "Is become the head-stone of the corner. "This is the Lord's doing; "And it is marvellous in our eyes. "Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, "Which is Jesus Christ. "Praise ye the Lord. "The Lord's name be praised.** Mr. Woods, the architect, now advanced, and handing the trowel to the Bishop in the name of the Building Committee begged his acceptance of it for use in laying the foundation-stone, and as a memento of the occasion. His Lordship having expressed the pleasure it gave him to comply, spread the mortar in the usual way, and, under the direction of the architect, and builder (Mr. W. Brown), the stone was lowered into its bed. This done the Bishop as founder tested the work with mallet and level, saying whilst doing so— 'In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this foundation- stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost Amen.' Mr. Wicksteed, Secretary of Synod, next read the following statement, a copy of which, with the Latin translation given below, had been deposited in the urn placed in the cavity of the stone :— "In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost the first stone of the Cathedral Church of St Peter was laid in the year of our Lord, 1869, on St. Peter's Day, the 29th of June, by Augustus Lord Bishop of Adelaide, formerly a scholar of St Peter's College, Westminster; student tutor, and censor of Christchurch, Oxford; and Vicar of Ravens- thorpe, Northamptonshire, on the 22nd anniversary of his consecration, A.D., 1817." '"Hujusce Ecclesiæ Cathedralis Deo Creatori Sospitatori Sanctificatori in honorem Sancti Petri, dicatæ. lapidem auspicalem posuit festo Sancti Petri, die Junii XXIX, anno Episcopate ui XXII ineunte, salutis MDCCCLXIX Augustus Episcopus Adelaidensis, S.T.P., Collegii olim Sancti Petri Westmonasteriensis scholaris regius; Oxoniæ; Deinde (Elis Christi alumnus, tutor, censor, in academia examinator, prædicator: Ravens- thorpiæ postea in comitatu Northamptoniensi, Parochus." The 164th Hymn, from the collection ancient and modem, beginning thus— ' We love the place, O God, Wherein Thine honour dwells, The joy of Thine abode All earthly joy excels,' having been sung, The Rev. Canon Farr read the Collects for Trinity, Good Friday, Whitsunday, St Peter's Day, St Simon and St. Jude, and All Saints; after which the 3rd part of Hymn 142— 'Jerusalem the golden'— was sung, and the Bishop having pronounced the apostolic benediction, the cere- mony closed. His Lordship spoke somewhat as follows:— Christian Friends— There are occasions when our feelings are too deep and too strong for expression, and words, instead of flowing freely, seem to come drop by drop as it were from the heart's fountain. And such an occasion I deem to be this— one not of social joy, one not of political or civil rejoicing, but a day on which thoughts of the deepest moment crowd in upon the heart, while we are engaged in laying the foundation-stone of a temple dedicated to the honour and glory of Him who fills the universe, who was before all time, and who fills all space— who in the beginning created all things by Jesus Christ and in the fulness of time sent Him to declare His goodness and loving kindness towards fallen man; and after He had redeemed us by His precious blood-shedding on the cross-the painful, the shameful, the igno- minious cross of Calvary— He ascended up on high, and now fills the position of a Mediator, which He will continue to fill until that great day, when the spirits of the just made perfect- the number of his elect is completed— when all who love the Lord with a pure heart fervently will partake of the blessings of the beatific presence of the Ancient of Days. While engaged in so solemn a work as this, there should be heart-searchings, and we should be ready to say, "Who are we, and what are we that raise this temple to our God?" When I think that two and- twenty years ago I was set apart as a Bishop of the Church of Christ to "set in order the things that were wanting; to strengthen the things that remained;" to oversee the flock of Christ and see that no part of that flock perished through being left without a shepherd and without a shep- herd's care, you may easily perceive the deep responsibility that I undertook. At times the re- collection of how frequently I have come short of that great office presses upon me, and makes me feel humbled to the dust. Such an occasion is this, when I am disposed to exclaim 'Who art thou that layeth the foundation-stone of what we propose to be the Mother-Church of the Churches in this land connected with the Church of our country and of our fore- fathers?' But when I think of that "Stone, cut out of the mountain without hands— that sure foundation," of which this is but a poor and feeble emblem, upon which he who plants his foot, or rather he whose foot is planted by the Spirit of Christ whe is the Rock of Ages, knowing nothing but the cross of Christ as the foundation of his joys, his hopes, and his aspirations for time and eternity, is safe— when I feel that I have been by the mercy of God plucked as a brand from the burning, and placed on that foundation, then my fears and anxieties and tremors give way to an unfaltering confidence that He who has enabled me to undertake this work will sustain me by His power and love, and bring me through all difficul- ties. I then cast aside all fears and anxieties, and trust in the love of God, in that full and sufficient Saviour given us in the person of God's beloved Son. True it is that the beginning of this work is but a small part of what we have to do if God permits us to fulfil what we have undertaken; but having waited 22 years to see this day— having received in trust gifts, donations, subscriptions in former years - I thought the time was come for me to give an account of my steward- ship, and show the people of this province con- nected with our ancient beloved Church that I have not been an unfaithful steward of those treasures of silver and gold which had been committed to my keeping. (Hear.) But I think there are special reasons at this epoch that call for some manifestation from us— be it great or small— that we will serve the Lord. These are times when like Joshua, we should say, "Choose whom ye will serve. As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord." I say in these latter days, when in the spirit of Rationalistic unbelief attempts are being made to throw discredit on the sacred and inspired Word of the Living God— the foundation of our peace, our guide into the ways of eternal truth, and the only [s]afe light that we can follow ; for "who can show us any good but Thou, o God, who hath lifted up the light of thy countenance upon us"— I say this is an epoch when those who love the Lord should come forward and give a token of their remembrance of him, not only in His spiritual character, but in His incarnate presence with His people and with the Church until the end of time. I repeat there are reasons at this particular epoch why those who love the Lord should give visible evidence to a heathen world of their resolve to serve the Lord God - God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Spirit - who were before all time, and are beyond all space. And with that view, brethren, and to show that we are determined, by the grace of God, to hand down to our children that blessed inheritance of faith re- ceived from apostolic times by perpetual succes- sion, and recovered by our martyr forefathers, the Reformers, who, at the stake and with their blood, vindicated the truth of the Living God and did battle on behalf of the inspired Scriptures, we show by this stone that we are mindful of the blessings conferred upon our Fatherland and on the Church in which we have been brought up— that we are anxious to do what lies in our power to preserve those doctrines, with all the authority attaching to them, received from an apostolic age —to be a light in the world, exhibiting to all Churches a pure faith and a pure discipline. God grant that we may never disgrace our Church by laxity in respect either of doctrine or discipline; but that being put in possession of the faith handed down, not only from the earliest time, but by martyrs and confessors 300 years ago, we may never fall short of the high standard set before us. May we be faithful in forwarding the cause of our God and Saviour. May we, by the grace of God and by the help of His Holy Spirit, hold out the Cross of Christ as the only hope for an evil and unbelieving world, feeling convinced that it is this alone that will penetrate to the heart of man, breaking it in sunder, and bringing him in humble penitence and sincere desire to the feet of the Saviour, to receive from Him the hope of salvation, and grace to help in time of need. I do not say this as having special reference to our own Church, for all those who hold Christ as the Head and believe in Him, to whatever party they may belong, have the promise of eternal life. But while I gladly admit that the truth of God is not confined to our church, still we are stewards of that grace im- parted to us as belonging to the Church of England, and we desire in all friendliness of spirit, whilst holding our principles firmly, and with a determination not to abandon or sacrifice them to an unworthy compromise -(cheers)— so far as we can to walk in harmony with others. Where we can agree with them we will do so, but not at the sacrifice of our principles. At the same time, we should endeavour by means of a holy emulation to prove that the primitive order is not inconsistent with life and activity— (Hear, hear)— that while we hold the forms of sound doctrine left us by the Apostles, or instituted by the Saviour Himself, we do not depend upon them for salva- tion, but through them look to the Saviour, and through the Saviour to the throne of the Eternal Father. In no spirit of unholy rivalry to we place the first stone of this sacred edifice, but in the hope that this Cathedral Church will prove a bond of union; that laying aside all party feeling, we will there join with each other, and that there may thus be afforded a foretaste of that unity which we long to see established in connec- ion with the great body of the Church of Christ; that those, who have too long been separated by non-essential differences may be brought together on the common foundation of Christ crucified, and be built up upon that living stone "to show forth the praises of Him who hath called us from dark ness to light." If this edifice is the means of pro- ducing such a result in our Church and in the different branches of the Reformed Church holding the cardinal principle of faith in Christ as the ground of salvation, we may be glad that this stone has been laid to-day, and we may hope that God will prosper the undertaking, favour that which is designed to forward the cause of Christ, to extend the knowledge of the truth as it is in Jesus, and bless the place thus dedicated to His service. (Applause.) I will take this oppor- tunity, your Excellency, of thanking you for your presence to-day. I do not speak of your presence as exclusively confined to us, for I know that you and your lady are desirous of promoting the good— the religious, moral, and social good - of all wherever it is in your power to do so; but as a member of our own Church, and as a communi- cant of that Church, setting, as you do, an example in your domestic, household, social, religious, and public relationships which might well be followed by others, we are grateful for your presence today— we are grateful to have a governor one with us in Church work. (Hear, hear.) I thank God for it. May He prolong your ife, and enable you still to be active in promoting the cause of good both here and elsewhere. (Cheers.) His Excellency said :-My Lord Bishop, Ladies, and Gentlemen— I had not anticipated on the occasion of this solemn and beautiful religious ceremony that there would have been any call for me to make a remark, but as your Lordship has requested me, the religious ceremony being now ended, to offer some observations, I will say very briefly that I have come here from a deep sense of duty to take part in this most interesting act. All will remembsr those hallowed edifices which have for many ages stood as monuments of the piety of the English nation, which have for centuries been central places of worship for so many millions now no more, and which at the present day are still treasured in the recollections of the people. (Cheers.) And I deeply regret that in that part of the Church with which I have been more connected - I mean the Church of Scotland— we have in modern times been so destitute of those institutions which I think of such value; but even there we have seen instances of the restoration of edifices which the piety of our forefathers had reared. (Hear, hear.) And here I will remark as an example that I trust will not be without followers in Australia, that towards the restoring of Glasgow Cathedral, in a city which is in the very heart of a Presbyterian country, all sections of the Christian Church came forward and subscribed liberally. The restoration of that sacred structure, like the building of the cathedral in Sydney, formed a common bond of union for all the Churches in the diocese - not confined to the Church of England alone, but extending through all the branches of the Catholic Church. My Lord, the laying of this stone is indeed a significant act. I do trust that the building of which this is the first stone will serve to spread and perpetuate religious truth in this diocese. I do trust that it will form a gathering-point for those who differ in non-essentials, and have earnestly the work of the Church at heart. I congratulate you, my Lord, most sincerely, and in this great assembly there is not one who will not join in the congratulation -(Hear, hear) - that you have seen to-day the commencement of the realization of your most earnest hopes— the first fruits of so many prayers and exertions on your part and the placing of the first stone of a monument which will remain long after you have passed away as the first chief pastor of the Church of England in this colony, to the honour of one who will be remembered as long as South Australia lasts. (Applause). My Lord, I will not by any words of mine prolong a meeting which has been of the most solemn and interesting character; but let me express a most earnest wish that with the success which has attended this first act every stone may be laid, and that as the walls and towers and stately spires arise, the material progress of the work may be the earnest of the good which will be accomplished through its means; that within the sacred pile now about to be reared rich and poor may meet together to worship their common Maker, and that men of all parties may assemble within its walls and cement a union that will endure beyond the grave. (Loud cheers.) A collection was made, and the offerings placed upon the stone amounted to £56. The National Anthem having been sung, rounds of cheers were given for His Excellency, for Lady Edith Fergusson, and for His Lordship and Mrs. Short. The spectators then dispersed, but the procession reformed and proceeded to Bishop's Court. The arrangements for the ceremony betokened great care and forethought and were carried out admirably. 