SATURDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1869. We suppose that after all there is a .sort of poetical justice in politics. At all events we have witnessed the mighty M'Cullochites brought down from their seats, and the exaltation of the despised Constitutionalists. It certainly is a good tinte for the Constitutional CiN DiîRELLA. But a little while ago she met witbthenardestwordsandthemostirritat ing treatment. Now she is courted and caressed by both her more fortunato sisters. The Ministry say that if the Constitutionalists will only help them in Collingwood, their triumph is assured, The Opposition declared that if a Consti- tutional candidate had only started for East Melbourne, or for West Bourke, or, in fact, for any constituency, he would have had the support of all good M'Cul- lochites. The affection which the rival sections of disintegrated Loyal Liberals now display for their dear friends and brothers, the Constitutionalists, is marvellously touching. There is now no talk of having perfect unanimity in the House-not a word about expelling one troublesome speaker or refusing to listen to another. On the contrary, in the dearth of orthodox Loyal Liberals, all the constituencies, except perhaps Crowlands, might, as we have said, have ijpcn hnuded nvpr t-n flip, C?n5tl,'l1.*'1°nrl11' party, if that party had chosen to make an unholy alliance with Mr. G. P. Smith and his adherents. We trust that the day of such an alli- ance is far distant. The squatters, if they think fit, may for their own pur- poses lean upon that broken reed which will surely, sooner or later, pierce their hand. But the Constitutional party those men who desire above all things good government for this country, who wish to maintain the traditions of Eng- land, who want to be protected by the Crown and also to be protected against the Crown-that party will never lend itself to establish a despotism uncontrolled by law and supported by corruption. If it must submit to a policy of which it dis apjnrovcs, at least let that policy be kept ,within the limits prescribed by law, and let it rest upon some other founda- tion than that of " proper íepresenta " tions." 1 The position of the members of the Constitutional party at the present junc- ture is very clear, and, as we think, very honourable. Thoy are courted by both sections of the Loyal Liberal's, but they belong to neither. They have no sympathy with the politics either of the Ministry or of the Opposition. The general views of both these contending factions are, we may assume, identical. The two hostile clans are merely sections accidentally separated of the old Loyal ,Liberal party. £>o far, then, as their policy is concerned, there is nothing to choose, in a constitutional point of view, between Mr. M'Culloch and his former friends with whom he has quar- relled, But it was not on any ground of general policy that the late Ministry was defeated. It failed through bad administration. The immediate cause of its downfall was its improper mode of exercising the prerogative of the Crown in reference to Minis- terial appointments. The more serious charges against it were its admi- nistrative defects. Mal-administration in the lands, mal-administration in the mines, mal-administration in the rail- ways, mal-administration in the water- works, mal-administration in the law offices. These were the causes whicli shook public confidence in the M'Cullocl Ministry. If, then, that Ministry fell not by any act of the Constitutional pai ty, but by tho hostility of their owr supporters, the Constitutionalists ought not to help to bring them back to power On the other hand, the present Ministers succeeded to office in a manner per fectly regular. If wo know little gooc of them, we know nothing bad. It is said that they are a set of incapables But we cannot know this until we trj them. So far as they have yet gone they have given promise of a gooc deal of useful activity. We ought not therefore, to reject what may bi good for that which we know to b< bad. If the Constitutionalists mus accept a Loyal Liberal policy, thej rightly prefer an honest and intelligen Loyal Liberalism to the Loyal Liberal ism of Mr. Sullivan and of Mr. G. P Smith. It is better for us to hav< good government, or at least a chanci of it, from one set of Loyal Liberal than bad government from anothe: set. It is impossible to pretend, with evei the slightest colour of truth, that tin Constitutionalists are in this matter in fluenced by any selfish motives. The; are perfectly unconcorned in the quarre between the Loyal Liberals, and indif feront so far as they aro personally con cerned in its result. Whichever of til Macs prevails, the Constitutionalist will probably still be in opposition But they will not take Mr. M'Cbx loch's part. In ordinary circum stances they would probably reniaii perfectly quiescent. But they are no\ called upon to decide whether they wil aid Mr. M'CuxLocn or not. They cai give him very efficient aid by merel; remaining neutral. If they do so, i they abstain from coming between Mi M'Culloch and his mutineers, th ? struggle will be short. Probably in th reorganisation their claims for sucl good service might not be forgotter I But we should then know nothing I of the interior of the Land Office, or of tho mysteries of the Mining department. We should have a true lord of the soil keeping faithful and vigilant watch and -ward for the next ten years over the numerous sta- tions of his chief, .and dealing out the lands of the colony to the clients of Loyal Liberal members. It is because they believe that tho present Ministry will break up this odious system that the Constitutionalists now give them their support. That support implies no promise to accept the measures that the Ministry may at the proper time bring forward. When that time comes, we shall do in the matter whatever may be fit. But in the meantime we recog- nise the change, merely because it is a change, as an improvement ; and we acknowledge that, so far as they have gone, the new Ministers have shown a desire for administrative reforms which warrants the belief that the support given them by the Constitutionalists will not be misplaced. It is not often that a commission so effectually performs its duty as the one which has just concluded its investigations into tho condition and management of the workshops connected with the Victorian railways. For a very long time there has been a growing con- viction in the public mind that the workshops were not conducted with that skill and economy which tho country had a right to expect; but even those who were most urgent in their demand for an inquiry never anticipated such startling revelations as are to be found in the evidence taken before the board. The report of the commission appeals at first sight condemnatory enough, but in many respects it but faintly reflects the state of affaiis deposed to by the several wit- nesses examined. At the veiy com- mencement of the inquiry it was found necessary to give the commission power to examine upon oath, and even with that authority, considerable difficulty was often experienced in eliciting the truth. In some cases this arose from a well-founded fear of ex- posure j in others from an apprehension, which evidently was not altogether base- less, on the part of some of the em ploijés, that the renard of too great candour would be dismissal from the Government service. More than one witness stated that be believed giving evidence to the board would have a prejudicial effect on his position ; and notwithstand- ing the denials which have been made, there can be no reasonable 'doubt that Swan, a boilermaker, was dismissed in consequence of the damaging disclosures made by him rela- tive to the state of the boilers of some 'of the engines-particularly one on which he had been íecently engaged. Swan had declined to further patch up a particular boiler, declaring it was un- safe to do so, and in justification of his action, produced before the com- mission a piece of one of the plates which had been cut out in order to show how utterly unsafe it was. Immediately afterwards Swan was discharged- it was said for bad workmanship j but after reading the examination of Messrs. Higinbotham, ,'Christy, and Houghton on this sub- ject, it is impossible to resist the 'impression that his giving evidence to the commission had far more to do with his dismissal than his bad work- manship. It is admitted that he was told that his insubordination, in ex- hibiting the piece of boiler-plate, was a sufficient reason for his discharge, and he was accused of having left his work at Ballarat without pei mission in order to appear before the board, although it was subsequently proved that he obtained permission from his foreman. A rivet was also shown to the board as being one that came out of the boiler, with the view of proving that the rivets were good, but it afterwards appeared that the rivet never came from it ; and although Mr. Christy maintained that the boiler might have beeil used for two years longer, it subsequently trans piied that the heads of a large number of the rivets were all eaten away, and that the boiler is now undergoing o thorough repair at the "Williamstown shops. Indeed, so far as it is possible 'to judge from the evidence, the posi- tion taken up by Swan with regard to the matter was correct in everj particular; and yet for this timelj exposure he lost his situation, anc has never been reinstated. The evidence given both by Mr. Christy and Mr Houghton on this point is anything but creditable to them, and there is ne doubt that the fate of Swan very mate rielly increased the difficulty which tin commission experienced in obtaining trustworthy information. The evidenc« of Mr. Troup, engineer, and foremai of the works at Ballarat, is most signifi cant on this subject. Looking at thi piece of boiler-plate produced by Swan ho says, "If anybody had passed i " over and not reported it, it woult " have been a rascally job ;" and tha " he considered Swan a better workmai " than when he first knew him, ant " that if he was the inferior workmai " ho was now charged with being, i " was strange ho was not dismissed be " fore." If the whokMjffcthe evidence be Bub mitted to a critical examination, it wil be found that nearly all the charge brought against the foreman of tin shops- Mr, Houghton-and the loco motive superintendent-Mr. Christy are of a definite character. Specifi cases of mismanagement and of scan daloüsly wasteful expendituie, are ad duced, and the surrounding circum stances caiefully narrated, whilst th rebutting testimony has only a genera bearing, and, for the most part, alto gether fails to disprove the accusation which have been made. It is du co the general foreman, Mr. Houghton and the foreman of the carriage sheds Mr. Dobney, to say that the charges o drunkenness brought against them hav not been proved, but there is ampi evidence to show that at one tim drunkenness prevailed amongst the me: ,in the shops to a fearful extent, and n attempt appears to have been made t stop it. The man John Camfbeli who obtained for himself the distin- . guished appellation of "The Walking " Dram-Bhop," is sworn to have been hardly ever sober for four years, and yet during the whole time he was kept on at full " leading pay." Other men are also mentioned as having been in a degrading Btato of intoxication, and yet no notice was taken of them by the foreman. Scarcely an attempt was made to dis- prove these allegations, and of their truthfulness there can be no doubt. That under such circumstances the shops became disorganised, and the men to a great extent did just what they pleased and as much as they pleased, cannot be wondered at. In- deed, the only matter for surprise is that a still greater amount of demorali- sation did not exist. It is impossible that Mr. Houghton could have been ignorant of these disgraceful proceed- ings, and yet he seems to have quietly tolerated them, until at last cases of spirits stored in the sheds were broken open, and pannikins and bottles of spirits stolen, and brought into the works. It is satisfactory to know that such, a disreputable condition of affairs no longer exists, and, thanks to the labours of the commission, is not likely to be restored. The men now engaged at the shops are reported to be sober, steady mechanics ; and this may, perhaps, ac- count for the fact that, notwithstanding the recent large reductions, there are still plenty of hands to do all the work there is to do. We have as yet dealt with but a very small, and certainly not the most important, portion of the re- port. * Further comments must be re- served for a future occasion. From our telegrams in another column ib will be seen that all the Ministers the no- minations for whose íespcetive districts took place yesterday are opposed.and the character of the Opposition candidates only serves to show to what extremities the M'Cnlloch rump is íeduced. The presentation of Mr. Murphy to the electors of Villiers and Heytes- bury is only less llattering than that of, Mr. Munro to those of Dundas. Mr. Murphy is, we believe, the enterprising gentleman who for two whole days opposed Mr. Verdon at Williamstown, then subsided, and was never afterwaids heard of until dug out by tho Loyal Liberals in their frantic search for a candidate. The same fate awaits both, and we shall be much surprised if before Mr. Poole has done with Ripon and Hampdon he does not wish himself back at hu little chapel at Caulfield. Mr. William Taylor, the returning officer for West Bourke, attended at noon, at the Court- house, Flemington, yesterday, and formally announced that the Hon. John ThomasSmith and Mr. Thomas Swallow had been duly nominated to serve as members for the Legis- lative Assembly for the district, and that the poll would be taken at the several divisions on Thursday, the 7th October inst. There were only three or four persons present. Yesterday the usual formal declarations respecting the nominations for Collingwood and East Melbourne were made by the various returning officers. Their effect was stated in yesterday's issue, and there is of course no alteration. Should the electoral law of Victoria ever bo altered it will suiely bo arranged that the formal decla- ration shall be made at the time when the period . for receiving nominations shall have expired. Mr. Nathaniel Levi asks us to state that he did not contemplate coming forward in op- position to Mr. Cohen as a Loyal Liberal nominee, but as an independent candidate. We have not the slightest objection to comply with Mr. Levi's eccentric desire. No doubt the independent ticket would have been by far the best, hut surely Mr. Levi can hardly expect to blind the electors as to what really was going on. We aro not surprised at the annoyance of Mr. G. P. Smith and the Oppo- sition at the turn which things are taking. The electors of Dundas can surely never forget all they owe to that excellent and most consistent patriot, Crews, whom enviouspeople will persist in calling "a political Judas." Crews has taken pity on the electors of Dun. das, and in order to deliver them from the hands of the Chief Secretary has sent down the secretary of his building society, Mr. Munro, to become their representative. A greater insult was never offered to a consti- tuency, and if the electors do not resent it in a very unmistakable manner, all we can say is that they will deserve to be represented by Mr. Munro to the end of timo. At the meeting held by Messrs. Byrne and Rolfe at Landsborough, on Monday night, the show of hands on behalf of each candidate was equal. When Mr. M'Culloch goes on a visit to the country, it is a pity that he does not take Mr. Robert ¿ellar along with him. It would no doubt be inconvenient for both partners to be away from their business at the same time, 'but whatever loss the firm might experience 'in this way would be amply repaid to the senior partner by the consciousness that he was keeping his enterprising junior out of mischief. For when the political cat is away, it is quite evidont that the commercial mouse ¡cannot refrain from a game at romps, and the consequences of his clumsy gam- bols aro invariably disastrous to his chief. ¡An instance of the combined awkward- ness and. simplicity of tho frisky junior's escapades has just occurred. In our issue of yesterday we remarked that it is "un- fortunate for Mr. Sellar that his loquacity, sometimes outstrips his discretion, as it did a few years ago, when he communicated to Mr. Sumner a damaging and baseless report against the character of Mr. Verdon, who had just supplanted Mr. M'Culloch as Treasurer, on the fall of the Nicholson and the accession to office of the Heales Administration." Tho meaning of this sentence is, of course, perfectly clear ; but the playful Sellar, with a cunning which would bo ingenious were it not so ludi. crously transparent, pre tends to misunderstand it. " What Mr. M'Kean or The Argus may say of me," says Mr. Sellar, in a letter to our evening contemporary, "is a matter of no moment ; but the attempt on the part of that paper to revive a most unfounded and wicked scandal against Mr. Verdon, who is not here to defend himself, compels me to beg the favour of your reprinting the accom- panying documents from your issue of the 8th December, 18G0." The documents hero referred to consist of some correspondence between Mr. M'Culloch, Mr. Sumner, and other gentlemen, intended to make things pleasant for all parties and to remove from Messrs. M'Culloch and Sellar tho odium of having repeated a disgraceful and unfounded rumour reflecting on Mr. Vordon's character. Hut the documents thus quoted by Mr. Sellar are not complete. That artful gentleman has carefully omitted the letter of Mr. Pro- bert, in which the responsibility of having definitely stated the substancoof theinjurious report respecting Mr. Verdon is fixed upon himself. In lcprinting the documents'in an- other column, therefore, wo* have taken the liberty of supplying the omitted letter, and our readers can judge for themselves whether the subsequent correspondence relieved Mr. Sellar from the charge of having repeated the report. As for Mr. Sellar's affected indigna, tion against The Argus for reviving, as hu pretends, a forgotten scandal against an ab- sent man, the device is too transparent to need exposure. Its very shallowncss is ita best refutation. We leam from the immigration return* published in yesterday's Gazette that during tho month of August last the arrivais by sea to the colony of "Victoria numbered 3,452, and the departures 1,647, leaving a balance in favour of the colony of 1,805. Under the assisted immigration regulations there were sent for from the United Kingdom from tho 1st of January to tho 14th of August last 3,021 persons, of whom 1,381 wero from Eng- land or Walea, 208 from Scotland, and 1,342 from Ireland. Wo have our files from Auckland, N.Z., to the 18tJi September, and from Sydney to tho 29th. S-^cy, however, contain no intelligence of inViest additional to that which has already appeared in our columns. Twenty-five pounds reward is offered by tho Government for such information as shall lead to the conviction of tho person who deposited, on the vacant piece of ground off Bouvcrie-streot, Carlton, tho body of a male child, which was found there on the Otu of September last. Fifty pounds reward is also offered for the discovery of the person who, on the 8th of September, sot fire to ahrush fence on tho Katandra run, Shepparton. A meeting of the Constitutional Committee was held at Mao's Hotel, Smith- street, Col- lingwood, last evening, to raako arrangements to carry out the resolution passed on the pre- vious evening, for supporting Mr. Hooves in tho election for Collingwood ; Mr. Scotchmor was in the chair. The attendance, owing, it was stated, to tho number of committee ?meetings being held in other parts of the electorate, was limited. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Walker, that that com- mittee, as represented by the members pre- sent, should amalgamate with Mr. Iteeves's committee. The Commissioner of Public Works ad- dressed a meeting at Abbotsfoid last even- ing, and met with a most enthusiastic reception. Mr. Eade occupied tho chair. Mr. Reeves intimated that in the event of the new Ministry being roturned it was their intention to submit a policy to. the country immediately after tho assembling of Parliament. After somo quostions had been satisfactorily answered, a vote of confidence in the candidate was adopted on the motion of Mr. J. B. 'Johnston, and tho proceedings ?terminated with cheers for Mr. Reeves and the chairman. Che "fierce democracy" of Collingwood gave Mr. Vale a taste of its quality on Thurs- day evening, when ho announced that lie would mount the stump on a vacant piece of ground near the Eureka Hotel. He came at the hour appointed, and left half an hour afteiwards, discomfited and crestfallen. The . ciowd was good-humoured, but determined. It would not listen to his tumid platitudes on any pretence. In vain he strained his voice, and waved his arms. Ho might as woll Lavo harangued a raging sea. The volunteer champion of M'Cullochism was baffled and silenced by the very tactics which ho and his party have introduced into politics ; and the disciples must have taught their tutor that they were capable of "bettering their instruc- tion." Even moro significant than this inci- dent was tho appearanco and speech of Mr. Wcedow at the Constitutional meeting on the same evening, and his stern denuncia- tion of "that shameful thing known as M'Cullochism." Mr. Justice Molesworth, in the Equity 'Court yesterday, gave judgments in a number of cases that have been reserved for several weeks. Laughton v. Munro was a suit to ?enforce tho sale of a house and land in A'Beckett-street, Melbourno, effected by Mr. 'David Munro, as agent for his father, John Munro. His Honour held that the plaintiff ?did not prove the agency of David Munro, and dismissed the bill, without costs. .Geraghty v. M'Quarrie was an ecclesiastical suit instituted by the plaintiff as a creditor of one John M'Callum, a miner, deceased, to .obtain administration to M'Callum's estate. The defendant also claimed to be a creditor .of M'Callum, and opposed Geraghty's appli- cation, denying that M'Callum had owed 'bim any money. His Honour was of opinion that the plaintiff was not a creditor, and therefore gave judgment for the defendant. Webster v. Y orle was a suit to forecloso a mort- gage. In 1851-3,80:2 certain property was settled on trustees for tho benefit of Mrs. Jane Dis more, without the power of anticipation, lint husband died in June, 1857. In August, 1868, Mr?. Dismore mortgaged the property to Mr. N. Campbell and Mr. Thomas Wood, for £1,000, at 15 per cent. She subsequently 'married Cholles Yorke, and in order to pay off the first mortgage, the property it referred io was mortgaged to the present plaintiff, at 10 per cent., for a sum which satisfied tbe mortgage to Campbell and Woods, Default was made in payment of the mort- gage, and this suit was instituted to foreclose it. The plaintiff's case was, that it was no1 intended to make a new mortgago, bul merely a transfer of the first one ; but the defendants denied this, and claimed that the second mortgage, having been instituted during her second marriage, was void. Hu Honour expressed the opinion that the mort gago to tho plaintiffs stood in the same posi tion as the first mortgago, but that the trustee: of the settlement could not anticipate tin rents of the proporty, and ought only to paj to plaintiffs the amounts from time to tim< in their (the trustees') hands. In the insoL vent estate of George Kingsland arulohac . been applied for to amend tho plan of distri Jration filed by the assignee, by disallowini a number of items claimed by the assignee Only one item, however, was disallowed naroely, £270-tho expenses of the potitionini creditor in making the rule for sequestratioi absolute. This sum his nonour though should be only £72, This estate furnishes ai instance of the results of useless litigation The insolvent was a chemist in Melbourne Declining to pay what he conceived to be a: unjust demand for £G00, his estate was se questrated. His debts were about £1,200 c £1,300, and his assets realised £4,000. Of tiri amount, .owing to insolvency examination! equity suits, &c;, all has been expended ei cept about £7 or £8, which has been left fe the insolvent, with which to pay the costs- c his own solicitor. Tho Bourke General Sessions commence yesterday, before his Honour Judge Pohlmar hut the cases were, with one exception, < comparatively little interest. Edwin J. Lu] ton was found guilty of uttering a forge cheque, and was remanded for sentón© Anne MTnorney was sentenced to nir months' imprisonment, with hard labour, fe Stcalingadeposit-receiptfor£i00fromaminei John Price, to one year's imprisonmen with hard labour, for receiving stolen pr perty ; and David Gaynor, to three years' impi sonment, with hard labour, for robbery fro the person. The last-named personage hi the reputation of being ono of tho mo expert thieves in Melbourne, and he certain must be tho most audacious, for the evidem showed that ho got into a cab with a pc scnger, openly robbed him before thoy hi ridden far, and then jumped down ai ran away. Henry Hazell and Jose] -Jennys wero found guilty-the fii ofi-'r^ving, and the latter of stealii and receiving a largo quantity of lamj the property of Mr. J. H. Long, glass mi chant. _ In the course of this trial, Mr. Dum who prosecuted for the Crown, paid Dotecti Black, who had the management of the coi a high compliment for the zeal, intelligeni and assiduity he had displayed in connexi with it. Tho prisoners woro remanded i sentence. Henry Stephenson and John H rington, charged with having committed violent assault and robbery, and Her Guthrie with embezzlement, wero dischargi as the Crown declined to prosecute. A curious case carno before the City Pol Court yesterday, thu main feature of wiri tv as tho identity of a baby. A woman naru Anne Dent charged a youngman named Jo Dont with deserting his infant child. Ï prosecutrix, who acknowledged to tho mature age of 32, and had already been twice married, made the following strange statement. On tho 2uth January, 18CG, sho being then land- lady of the British American Hotel, in Bourke streot, was privately married to the prisoner John Dent, by a person whom he introduced as tho Rev. Mr. Monis. They lived in the hotel for a while, and the prisoner, afterhaving sold off the hotel, left his wife and went to Now Zealand, where she followed him. 'They lived there as man and wife for some months, when the prisoner ran away to Sydney with another man's wife. She fol- lowed him, leaving the child, for whoso main- tenance she now sued, in the charge of a woman named Mrs. Jamieson, although it was only nine days old. She met the pri- soner in Sydney, and told him the child was dead, for what reason sho did not explain. About a month after she arrived in Sydney the polico advertised a child that was found undera tree, and Mrs. Dent having heard that Mrs. Jamieson was in Sydney, suspected (though why she did not explain) that the child was her own. She went to the Benevo- lent Asylum and identified tho foundling by what she called a port wine mark on the neck and a peach on tho knee. She also claimed the shawl in which it was wrapped as her property. She owned the infant, and the Sydney polico put her in the lock-up for child- desertion. Having obtained pos- session of tho child, she suod her husband for its maintenance, and obtained an order from themagistratesintheSydncyPolico Court for 10s. per week. "The husband appealed to the higher court, and tho order was con- firmed. Strange to say, Mrs. Jamieson never put in an appearance, although every effort was made to find her, and even a warrant issued for her apprehension. The prisoner told a different tale, ne stated that there never was any marriage between them ; that they lived together for some timo, but owing to infirmities of temper on the part of the lady ho was obliged to leave her. She fol- lowed him to Now Zealand, and they lived together again ; but he was again obliged to leave her. She went after him to Sydney, and used to annoy him in the streets, and went to the place where he wa3 employed to try and get him dismissed. He stated that his sureties for the payment of the 30s. per week were quite agreeable to his leaving Sydney, and they were responsible for the payment of the money. Two respectable witnesses were called to show that the prisoner had admitted being married to tho prosecutrix before ho went to New Zealand. Mr. Call said that the case as presented to the Bench did not justify them in making an oidcr ; but if the prose- cutrix could strengthen her case by fresh evidence she could again bring the prisoner before the Court ; in the meantime he must be discharged. A shocking occurrence, which may bo afc tended with very serious consequences to one as it has already resulted in the death of the other of the actors in it, was brought to lighl at the East Collingwood Court yesterday. A respectable house proprietor, named Georg« Sindon, was charged with a common assaut on Mrs. Elizabeth Stead, one of his tenants but the woman having died since proceed ings were instituted, Sindon was re manded till the coroner should appoin a time for holding an inquest on tin body. No evidence was taken ; but tin facts of the caso as far as known are as foi low-.-Sindon, while in a state of intoxica tion, went into the house of liis tenant Mrs. Stead, and wished to send out for i bottle of porter, but the woman refusing ti allow tho girl of the house to procure th drink, an altercation ensued, during whicl Sindon struck Mrs. Stead, but apparent!, without inflicting .any injury, though Mrs Stead was enceinte. Subsequently tho womai procured a warrant, which was executed b, Constablo Murphy, who arrested Sindon oi Tuesday evening for "unlawful assault." Th prisoner was bailed out tho same evening On Wednesday, when Constable Murphy wen to Mrs. Stead's house to make inquiries abou the case, ho was given a certificate by Mr Wilson attesting that she was in bed an( would be unable to appear to prosecute oi Friday (yesterday), being in the pains o labour. The constable again visited th house on the following morning, and founc that tho woman was doad and had givoi birth to a dead child. Ile very proporl; went in iSearch of the prisonor, and re arrested him immediately for fear he shouli abscond on finding how matters had turnei out. An inquest will be held at 11 o'clocl this morning at tho Victoria-parade Hotel Victoria-parade, by the district coroner, Mi Candler. In our advertising columns appears a lis of the subscriptions which have beenieceive for the unfortunate man Donaldson. It wi bo observed that neither Dr. Barker nor hi medical associates who so warmly admire his skill with regard to this coso figur amongst the subscribers. A case occurred before the City Polic Couit yestorday, in which a man named Joh H. Walton was charged with obtaining ti sum of £35 from William Brew, by moans < false representations. The prisonor induce Brew to discount a bill for £35, to enable hil to purchaso a piano from Messrs, Wilki Webster, and Co., promising to give a bill i sale over the piano as security for the bil The bill was dishonoured by Walton at mati íity, and some time after Brew took posse sion of the piano. He was obliged to gil it up to Messrs. Wilkie, Webster, ar Co., as it was proved to bo only bin from them. The prosecutor, when put i the box showed great ignorance of bankir business, and had apparently given h cheque to the prisonor for the full amount the bill, without deducting discount. Th fact seemed incredible to Mr. Duigan, wl appeared for the prisoner, and ho question! the prosecutor for nearly an hour withoi being able to satisfy himself on the poin After detaining the Court till it was too da to see, the Bench remanded the prisoner u til next Monday. A well-merited punishment was inflicted ' the magistrates in the City Court yesterd upon one of the insolent lads who disgra the streets of tho city. About 5 o'clock i Thursday afternoon as a Mrs. Baldwin anc friend were walking fro m the Melbourne Hos] tal to her house, °a lad, about 15 years of af wentup to her in the street, and made use of t most filthy and disgusting language. Ho f< lowed her homo, and her husband being í formed of the circumstance, took tho lad charge. When brought before the Court expressed great contrition, and promised, let off, to behavo bettor for the future. T Bench sentenced him to pay a fine of £5, go to gaol for two months. Shortly before 10 o'clock yesterday moi ing, a man named Edwin Goodson, residí in Faraday-street, Carlton, discovered I body of a newly-born male infant lying Murchison-square, at the corner of Owen a Canning streets. Ho at once gave inforc tion to Constable Flannagan, who romoi the body to tho Dove Hotel, whoro it n lies awaiting the inquest. The body \ wrapped in a piece of old whito cal (apparently a part of a shirt), some bro paper,- and an old piece of black morl Thero were no marks of violence on body with the exception of a mark on i side of the neck, as if made with a stri The umbilical cord was cut, but not ti From tho appearance of the body, it 1 evidently been exposed during tho nig The inquest will be held to-day. That which was oxpected to have beer very interesting experiment was made one of the vaults of tho now town-hall j terday. It was a trial of a now "g( sluicing, amalgamating, and gem-collect machine," invented by Mr. Geo. Mil Stephen, barrister, whoso scientific atti I ments in respect to the precious stones Australia are well-known. We may state at once that the subsidiary arrangements of yes- terday wero so imperfect that nothing like a result was attained, although it is certainly probable that Mr. Stephen's invention will command very close attention as being adapted to perform the task of amalgamating fine gold reducable from sluicing operation, and also saving th'o gems and precious stones which may occur in the " stuff " treated. His plan is in effect to pass the stuff through a series of sioves and rakes of various fine- nesses, tho precious stones being caught and saved by the fact of their specific gravity exceeding that of quartz, while tho fine par- ticles of gold are carried to an amalgamating pan at the bottom. The whole apparatus of sieves and mercury pan is kept in rocking motion at an angle which is said to be cal- culated to retain all stones of a certain size and weight, while the obviously worthless matter is carried off by a self-relieving action. In his first explanation of his machine, Mr. Stephen said he had never tried this par- ticular model, and tho fact was soon proved by his inability to get it to work properly, a circumstance apparently wholly occasioned by " very trifling causes easily removed. It will bo useless to enter into further explanation of the invention till it is exhibited under bettor auspices, and wo would strongly advise Mr. Stephen to test its qualities in connexion with gold- mining operations, say at Ballarat, or else instituto arrangements in Melbourne which shall sufficiently exhibit its opera- tion. Wo have received a sample of sea-island cotton, grown at Mango Island, one of the Fiji group, by Messrs. Ryder Brothers. It seems to be delicate in texture and firm of fibre, and account sales just received from England state that cotton from tho same plantation ietched 4s. Id. per lb. in the Eng. lish market. The directors of the Footscray Woollen Factory received letters by the mail from Mr. Keogh, their manager, who went home in the Great Britain to purchase machinery for the mill. He states that ho has been successful in getting about double the quantity of self acting spindles in use in the Geelong factory, together with all ' the necessary gear for the manufacture of cloth on the latest and most approved principle. He oxpects to have the machinery shipped by the end of September in à sailing vessel, and will probably arrive in Melbourne about tho new year. Mr. J. Moffatt's My Dream, and Mr. Gamblo's Plenipo, wero scratched for the Mel- bourne Cup yesterday afternoon. To the delight of his numerous supporters, Manuka, the celebrated Now Zealand cham- pion racehorse, arrived by the steamship Omeo yesterday. By the same vessel, Mr. Redwood brought Peeress and Misfortune. All three horses weio landed in excellent condition, and were at once taken to the ba- zaar of Messrs. M'Kersie and Co., where they were visited by a large number of the sporting community. Manuka is a son of The Peer (who is by Melbourne out of Cinozolli, by Touchstone) out of a Sir Hercules mare, so that it will be seen he is closely related to the Victorian and New South Wales cracks Fishhook and The Barb. He stands 16 hands, and in colour is a nice brown, with a thin white blaze down his forehead. He has a bloodlike bead set on well to a strong neck, which is well let in to a pair of magnificent shoulders ; his back is short and strong, and gives every indication of great weight-carrying capabilities, and his arms and thighs show im- mense power ; in fact, taken altogether, he is one of the grandest specimens of the thorough- bred horse that has ever been seen in this colony. His condition is all that could be desired, not quite ripe enough for racing, but sufficiently forward to be in excellent trim by the Cup day. Of course tho news of tho arrival of this renowned animal spread like wild-fire in Melbourne, and his price in the bet- ting market sensibly decreased as tho day wore on, and from tho outside odds of 100 to 5 ho advanced to 100 to 12. Peeress is a very powerfully-built chesnufc, daughter of The Peer, and during her turf career in New Zealand sho exhibited very superior racing qualities. She is not engaged in the Melbourne Cup, but the pre- sence of so excellent a performer mil render the weight-for-ago races at the forthcoming Spring Meeting doubly interesting. Misfor- tune is a daughter of Towton, and, wo understand, will bo trained for the V.R.C. Spring Meeting. Tho ar- rival of the New Zcalandere, Mr. Field's string (including Strop), and Mr. Tait's horses, has visibly increased tho interest in turf matters ; and the prospects of the Spring meeting aro of so encouraging a nature that it is now almost certain it will prove the most successful ever held at Flemington. Strop and his companions have taken up their quarteis at the Racecourse Hotel, Fleming- ton, under the care of the well-known Vic- torian trainer and jockey, Sam Haynes, who will again put Mr. Field's horses through the mill ; and Mr. Tait's horses will go to Chad wick's Laurel Hotel. We are pleased to observe that the value of Professor Hearn's book on The Government oj England as an authority on constitutional law has been fully recognised by subsequent labourers in the same field. In the second volume which has recently been published of his elaborate work on Parliamentanj Government, Mr. Todd cites The Govern- ment of England in some chapters literally on every page, On several occasions ho abandons or modifies, in accordance with the views of that work, the conclusions which ho had adopted in his first volumo. Notably, in reference to the interference of King Wil- liam IV. in relation to tho passing of the Reform Bill of 1832, in which Professor Hearn justifies the action of the King, in opposition to the criticism of Sir T. E. May. Mr. Todd, who had in his first volume ac- cepted the view unfavourable to the King, admits that the argument in 2V« Government of England is correct, By a cu rious coincidence, at the same timo witl this tribute to the last-named work, a com pliment has been paid to a sistor volume Plutology. We understand that a letter ha! been recently received by his Honour Sii Redmond Barry, who had some time sinci sent him a copy of Plutology, from Professo: Vissering, a distinguished member of the Uni versity of Leyden, Professor Vissoring speaki in very Mattering terms of the merits of Plu lology, and states that ho had hirascl reviewed the system of political eoonom; which it contains in one of tho scientifii periodicals of Leyden. As a return present ho sent to his Honour, for the Public Library a copy of a book which ho had just edited boing an unpublished work of tho celebrate« Grotius, of which the manuscript has beei recently found. It is pleasant to findtha the infant beginnings of our Victorian litera turo have been so quickly appreciated. Our contemporary, The Australasian, ha the following amusing observations on Mr. Ro bert Sellar's recent escapade :-" When Mr M'Culloch] resigned tho government of thi colony it is deeply to bo regretted tha Mr. Sellar did not resign along with him If thero be a political as well as a busines partnership between these two gentlemen both members of the firm ought to retir together. Having got rid . of the senio partner, it is intolerable to havo the junio left upon our hands. As it is, no soonor ha Mr. M'Culloch gracefully succumbed to th presenco of adverse circumstances than Mi Sellar appears upon tho scene. The Lan Bill is an object of anxiety to Mr. Sellar. H feels commercially interested in its promp adoption, and places himself in lively corr munication with tho coming men i reference to it. If they will take charge c it and pass it with amendments, they wi meet with support rather than oppositio from tbo former Chief Secretary. Of cours Mr. Sellar offers this temptation withor consultation with.his partner ; quite against his wishes, in fact. That is the unsatisfactory part of tho negotiation. Had the now men proved plastic, there is no telling what might not have happened ; butas they were obdurate, Spenlow lins no authority to do anything Without the express permission of Jorkins. Spenlow, bless you, is a mero cypher-a non- entity ; rather given to meddlesomeness, per- haps, but completely subordinate as a general rule. Anything he undertakes without Jor- kins must bo regarded morely as a little eccentric pleasantry. It has no meaning-no meaning whatever. The probability is ho will be severely lectured by Jorkins for ven- turing to take the slightest action in refer- ence to so delicate a matter. This may bo tho case, but we cannot help wishing that if Spenlow has no locus standi in politics, Spon low would carefully keep out of them. His sudden obtrusion at this juncture throws suspicion on'the innocent M* Jorkins, and may have tho effect of injuring M'Jorkins in the estimation of the public." It will be interesting to those who aro studying the laws of nature, to hear that lately a scaled bottle was picked up in Dis. covery Bay, which contained the following raemorandum :-" J. 0. Van do Poll, com- mander ship Stad Leijdcn, Gth February, 18C8 ; latitude, 41° 21' south ; loligitudo, 39" 9' cast. The finder is requested to hand this paper to the Netherlands Consul in the nearest port, and to give notice in what latitude and longitude tho bottle has been found." By the kind intervention of Mr. W. F. Laurie, of Mount Gambier, this document was immediately forwaided to the Nether land's Consul- General, with the information that the memorandum was picked up in a sealed bottlo off the Bridgewater coast, on tho beach of a placo called Dis- covery Bay, near Portland, so called from the numerous fragments of wreck picked up there. Fixing the place where this bottlo was found in long. 141° 15' E., lat. 30° 9' N., it appears that this bottle has travelled a distance of moro than 4,700 miles in 19 months,.or at an average of eight miles per day. It must be a great satisfaction to Captain Van de Poll, who is at present in port, to bo able to announce this important fact to the scientific world. Captain Van do Poll is an ardent student in this branch of his profession, and has obtained from tho Meteorological Institutes of the Netherlands and of France the greatest honours for his valuable discoveries. Mr. Laurie deserves great praise for his ready compliance with the wishes of the commander, and it is to be hoped, when similar memoranda are found, they may fall into equally lund hands. We have been favoured with an early copy of T<mcl(8tone, "a Saturday journal of criti- cism, commentary, and satire," which makes its first public appearance to-day. Tho prin- cipal feature of the number is a Uvrge two page coloured lithograph, executed with great care, skill, and finish, and representing Mr. M'Culloch, in an attitudo of deep dejection, surrounded by the broken fragments of his fallen colleagues. The motto is "Delenda est Carthago ; or M'Marius amid the ruins of his party." In form and size, Touchstone resejnbles the other Mel- bourne comic periodicals, and the writing, prose and verso, is fully up to the average of such productions. Tho low price, namely 4d., at which this new aspirant to public favour is published, should secure for it a wide popularity among all classes, while the neat and attractive stylo in which it is printed and got up entitles it to a place on every drawingroom table. A regular case of " kettle calling pot black" was heard at the Geelong Polico Court yester- day, when a Mrs. Elizabeth Brown applied that a licenco might bo issued for the old Commercial Hotel in Corio-street, which has now been closed for a year or more. Mr. M'Cormick appeared on behalf of James Connelly, who keeps the Thistle Inn just opposite, to oppose the application on the .grounds that the applicant was a woman of ill-fame and drunken habits. Several policemen woro called in support of the ob- jection, and their evidenco wont to show that the Thistle Inn was always a bad house, but since Connelly had had it, it was worse than over-in fact, that it was the worst house in town. Mr. Guy, who appeared for the appli- cant, dared Connelly to appear in court'in support of his objection ; and, in alluding to such a person objecting on tho ground of morality, said, " Morality was a virtue Mr. Connelly was entirely innocont of." The application was refused. tAn aquatic procession will take place on the Upper Yarra this af tcinoon, to signalise the opening of the boating season of 1809-70. The boats are to stait from Prince's-bridge 31 racing fours-headed by tho commodore's six-oar taking the lead, in the order pre- viously agreed upon, and pairs, sculling boats, and other craft connected with the clubs are to follow in the same order as those of the superior crows. Starting from Prince's bridge, the proceAon is to row up the southern bank of the river as far as Church-streot-bridgo, Richmond, whore twe lines will be formed, one on either side of the liver. The crews will give three cheers, and then, the boats ro-forming, will low down the north bank under Prince's-bridge, beyond which they will disperso. The whole pro céedings will bo under the superintendence of Mr. Arthur Nichols, commodore, whost intimate knowledge of tho river will prove very serviceable. The full details as to ordoi of tho procession, &c.;, aTO given in anothei column, and it is to be hoped that the cox swains of tho various crews have thoroughly mastered the plan of action, so that n< awkward occurrence may mar the spec taclo. At a special meeting of the Emerald-hil Council last night, the usual rate of 15d. ir the £1 was struck, and the valuer was in structed to deliver the notices of assessmon nas soon as possible. . The Rev. A. F. Ornstein has signifiée his intention of delivering a scries of lecture at the Jewish synagogue, on subjects con nectcd with tho Bible account of the creation For those who feel interested in hearing tin subject discussed from a Jewish point o \icw, wo may mention thjit tho first of tin lectures will bo delivered to-day. The district of Steiglitz has been les favoured than other districts during the lat innifail, only a shower of half an hour'i duration having been experienced on Thurs day last. The progress of the mining interés is considerably retarded in tho district, owini to the scarcity of water. Tho fourteenth quarterly meeting of th Williamstown Co-operativo Company tool placo at the local Mechanics' Institute, oi Friday evening. The chair was occupied b Mr. G. Murray. Tho balanco-shoct showe .that the profits for the quarter amounted t "£19, which it was agreed should bo dispose of by paying 5 per cent, for the last 1 months to tho shareholders, the remainder t bo placed to the building fund. Tho ia lowing directors were re-elected for tho nea six months :-Messrs. Sholdrick, Murra: Redman, Baird, Cook, and Burns. Tendoi wcro submitted for building a bakehousi oven, shop, and dwelling ; tho lowest tendu £38010s., was accepted. The Pleasant Creek News seems to antic pato that the publication of the report of ti committee of inquiry with respect to ti management of the Government railwa; will have tho effect of turning the oloctic for Crowlands in favour of Mr. Byrno. " Vi do not believe," it observes, " that the peop of this constituency aro of that calibre wl will wink at conuption. Dishonest men a not always sure of support in Victoria, The is left amongst us at least a prevailing i fluence that will prompt us to stand again chicanery, and teach tho lesson to futu politicians that party and party cries do n blind to higher considerations, and that popular stand can be a high and a noble stand." The inmates of the Melbourne Bonovolcnt I Asylum were on Thursday last entertained at a concert of vocal and instrumental music, given by the Carlton Harmonic Society, con- ducted by Mr. Towers. Dr. Hardy, one of the honorary medical officcra of the institu- tion, presided. An excellent and varied programme was selected, which was ad- mirably rendered, and elicited great ap- plause. The National Anthem having beon sung, tho meeting was brought to a close. The Roman Catholic bishop of Melbourno performed, on Wednesday last, a ceremonial of some interest at Abbotsford. The last mail brought information that a successor liad been appointed to take tho place of the Rov. Mother Doyle, who died in June. The choice has fallen on the assistant-superioress, who is known as Sister Mary Frances Xavier Corbett, and sho was yesterday installed as superioress, amidst the congratulations of tho community. Her elevation will give much satisfaction to the many fiiends of the Good Shepherds in Victoria. The Rev. Dr. Tucker visited H.M.S.S. Nel- son yesterday afternoon, in company with tho Rev. G. Wilkinson, of Williamstown, and greatly interested the boys by giving them some account of Abyssinia. Captain Payne expressed. his thanks, with thoso of tho .officers and men, for the kindness shown to tho boys, and said they wero all comparatively isolated, and felt indebted to Dr. Tucker' for the instructive address he had given them. A fatal accident occurred yesterday after- noon [on the Deep 'Creek-road. Mr. Speirs, farmer of Seafield, when returning from Lancefield with a load of straw fell, or slipped, and the wheel of his dray went over his chest, killing him instantaneously. Ho was within half a milo of his home when tho sad affair occurred, no leaves a wife and four young children. A man named Henry Milton, aged 55 years, w'ns admitted into the Melbourne Hospital, at 12 o'clock on Thursday night, suffering from a compound fracturo of the right leg, occasioned by falling off a dray on the Sydney road. The peolof bells recently received from Eng- land for Ballarat reached Geelong on Thurs- day, where the Customs duty, amounting to £100, was levied. This chaTge has caused great dissatisfaction, and it is stated that tho Commissioner of Customs will be appealed to to have it remitted. "Tho unholy alliance which has been formed between the mad M'Cullochitcs and the squatters is, we are well assured, not for tho benefit of the country," remarks the Ballarat Star, "and nothing shows more clearly the hollowness of political professions than the bowlings of the oxtrome Liberals, so called, in favour of their bitterest foes, tho squatters. It is the old tale of the man be- witched, who could seo nothing in its truo aspect. Ho took dead leaves for golden guineas, and the Hraying of a jackass for the music of the spheres. Titania in love with Bottom is nothing to tho embracings now going on in Collingwood and other places, where the most ferocious M'CuUochites do dwell. The extremes havo met and seem to get on very well together, which only serves to show what extremes, or rather extremi- ties, they are. Not having been enchanted by or with any of the isms, from M 'Culloch ism down to Loyal Liberalism, or lower still Orangeism, we hold that a change of mon may bo beneficial, because there will at least be an attempt to do tho work so long pro mised, but never done." A football match will bo played at Bruns- wick this afternoon between the East Bruns- wick Club and the Carlton second 20. Tho Carlton players are expected to meet at tho Brunswick cab stand at a quarter-past 2 o'clock. They are :-Messrs. R. Adamson, Azzopardi, Brisbane, Dobson, Gillman, Ban- nister, Fletcher, Fullarton, Glennon, F. Harris, Henderson, Hoy, Johnstone, M. M'Carthy, W. Marshall, S. Muir, J. Newing, W. Newing, Paterson, Power, Robertson, Sharp, and Todd. A cricket match will be played on the Mel- bourne ground this afternoon betweon the first eleven of the Melbourne Cricket Clul and sixteon colts, captained by Mr. D. Wilkie. The M.C.C. eleven will be chosen from the following :-A'Beckett, Campbell, Fraser, Gibson, Gordon, Handfield, Kelly, Phillips, Plummer, Simmonds, B, Wardill, Wills. Play to commence at half-past 1. A match will be played on the Richmond ground between the first elovons of Rich, mond and South Yarra. The following arc the players chosen to ropresent Richmond : Conway, Cosstick, Egglcstone, Hedley, Mor timer, Gaggin, R. Johnson, Darke, R. G, Johnson, Stead, Churchman ; emergency, F, Hilsdcn, and Cotter. The Prince Alfied bowling-green, St. Kilda will bo opened for tho season this afternoon when a match will be played between thi president and vice- president, The green i in really fine older,' and if tho weather b favourable a numerous attendance is ox pected. The croquet-ground has also beei attended to in the intciests of lady visitors The opening match of tho Carlton Bowlini Club will talco place on the green, at 3 p.ra Sides will bo chosen on the green by the twi vice-presidents, Mr. D. H. Valantino am Councillor T. O'Grady. The Prahran am West Melbourno bowling-greens will also b opened this afternoon, when matches will b played between sides chosen by the president and vice-presidents. J nerr Bandmann will appear to-night a Hamlet. A great deal of curiosity is felt wit] íeferenco to his conception of this character of which wo have had during the last tw years so many opportunities of judging. On novelty in connexion with Horr Band mann's performance of tho part is th íestoration of the character of I'ortin bras, so that tho last scene will no conclude immediately upon tho death c Hamlet. Mr. HaïWood will " double" for th parts of tho Ghost and Fortinbras. Mis Evans's Ophelia is also to present some noi developments of characterisation. The popularity of Hen Bandmann's peí formance in "Narcisse" and tho burlesquo e ' ' Tho Maid and the Magpie, " was abundant! testified at the Theatro Royal last nigh when these pieces wero presented for tho las time. The house was filled in all parts, an tho'drama and burlesquo wore both receive with the heartiest applause. Weston and Hussey's Minstrel Troupi whose performances are continued with ut diminished popularity, havo a Programm 'embracing some items of special intorest fe the amusement of their patrons this ovoi ing. During tho week ending tho 20th Soptombi last there were registered in tho metropol and the suburbs, 130 births and 71 death Twelve of tho deaths occurred in the Me bourne Hospital. Tho districts are reporte as generally healthy. The Princo of Wales Crickot Club liol their annual meeting last night, at ti West of England Hotel, Korr-streot. TI balance-sheet showed tho rccoipts for la season to bo £43 10s., thus leaving a balane in favour of tho club of £310s. The follov ing gentlemen wore elected ofiice-boarors fe the ensuing season :-President, A. Leach vice-presidents, Messrs. Schaw and Ewing treasurer, Mr. Showers ; secretary, Mr. Go man ; committee, Messrs. Tucker, Form Ciespin, Handlo, Tnlmago, Cooze, G. Ker nedy, Henderson, and Sovill. Tho uri match of the season will bo ployed to-da; sides to be chosen by tho presidont and vi» president. The members of tho Fitzroy Bowling Club held their annual general meeting, in the pavilion on their green, Victoria-parade, on Thursday evening, tho 30th ult., for the pur pose of electing office-bearers for the ensuing year, and other business. There was a large attendance, Mr. H. P. Fergie, president, in the chair. The following gentlemen were chosen to preside over the affairs of the club: Mr. J. Everard, M.P. president : Mr. Hugh Templeton, vice-president; Mr. W. Kidney, treasurer; Mr. Thos. A. Ewing, hon. secre- tary. Committee-Dr. Hadden and Messrs. Cunningham, Fitts, Robinson, and Dennis. The financial statement made by the trea- surer placed the club in a very prosperous condition. The openmg match of the season was resolved to be played on Saturday, the 10th inst., at 3 o'clock – President v. Vice president – sides to be chosen on the ground. i The monthly meeting of the committeo of the Immigrants' Aid Sock'ty was held yester- day, in the vestry of St. Enoch's Church, Collins-street. Present-Mes. ^ra. Beauchamp (who occupied the chair), Olipi>ant, R. Jack, Woolley, Griffiths, and the Rev. Geo. Mackie. The superintendent made the following return of the numbeT relieved during the past week and the prc\ent state tho home : - Number of inmates remain- ing, . 330 ; admitted since, 141 ,< dis- charged, 149 ; remaining inmates, «J"> comprising 180 men, 81 women, anil, 67 children. There aro 73 under medial treatmont. , Of the males employed, 5 o^e stone-breaking, 36 oakum- picking, and 8 working outside ; of ¿ho women, 35 aro hair teasing, ß in the laundry, 3 sowing, and 5 working outside. Out-door relief has been granted to 133 individuals, or 36 families, on presenting relief-cards. Donations por super- intendent-Mr. G. J. Smith, £3; and a parcel of clothing from Mr. Shcnau. ino loiiowing donations have been received by tho treasurer of tho Melbourne and Sub- urban City Mission to 1st October, 1809 :-Mr. D. Ogilvcy, Sunday-school, Chalmer's Church, £5 ; do., collection, Chalmer's Church, £21 103\. 8d. ; proceeds of tea meeting, Oxford street Church, Collingwood, £49 10s. 7d. : sundry subscriptions, Essendon Church of England, £014s. lOd. ; Clericus, £5 ; a Friend, £1 10s. ; Mrs. Thomas Learmonth, £15 ; col- lection, Mr. Moss's church, Prahran, £0 0s. Od. ; West Melbourno tea-meeting account, £33 13s. 2d. Mrs. Cavo's collections, com- mencing from August 1 to September 28 : Mrs. Gcmp, Bs. ; J. Dcergal, 10s. ; A. hruco, 5s. ; Mr. Miduc, 5s. ; Mr. Paine, 5s. ; Mr. Moodey, 5s. ; Mr. Phillips, 5s. : Mrs. Dowine, 5s. ; Miss Saville, 5s. ; John Hackett, 10s. ; Dr. Muellor, 10s. ; Dr. Bromby, £1 Is. ; Mrs. Mears, £1 ; Dr. Cutts, £1 ; Mrs. Davis. 5s. ; Mrs. Mann, 5s. ; A Friond, 53. ; A Friona, 4s. ; Mrs. Lilley, 10s. ; A Friond, ' 5s. ; Messrs. M'Arthur, Sherrard, and Copeland, £2 2s,; Messrs. W. Paterson and Co., £5 5s.; Mr. A, Mears, Cs. ; Mrs. Devlin, South Yarra, £1 ; J. S. G., 10s.; Mr. White, 5s.; Mr. H. W. Steward, 10s. ; A Friond, 5s.; Mr. Halter, 10s.; A Friend, 5s.; W. B., 6s.; Messrs. It. Towns and Co., £1 Is.; Mr. H. S. Smith, 10s. (id.; A Friend, 5s. ; A Friend, 4s. 