THE FLYIN Gr SQUADRON. THE BEVEEW. . Saturday, toe long 'expected, to which so many had looked ftaward aa itfhidmg a chance vrilnessmg a right nier yet m Victoria, broke rather ominously for the prospecte of success. Tbi morning was dandy ana dull, and thongha light leading wind was blowing, there were wwistokMbltot No proepecfcof i rain, however, can daont Vlctorila sigifc. aeer. Hnlitethe Parisian ofthe terror, a few drops sprinkled dnthe scaffold do not at all assuage his thirofchw amnsrairaifc, and so long as cabs are attainable, great-coats bearable, and umbrellas portable, be gore in for his fill of enfoy- ment. From a veiy early hoar -cabs passed heavily laden into town, and in Colling street the Sow of scarlet, and the clink of sabres, was almost painfoHy apparent. In one spot a member of Parliament was hurrying towards WOliamstown to cateh the 10 a.m. train, to arrive at that flourishing sea port at 11. In another, volunteer officer, in rather more than frill uniform, was hastening to the same goal, bis object being to get on board the Pharos as soon as possible. In spite of the clouds f 'hA nrenL and the rain in the future, the lafies mossed in force both at the Hobson'g Fay and the Spencer street railway stations, and soon after 10 o'clock a continuous stream began to fiow steadily towards the different points of starting. Victoria, in fact, has not as yet had an opportunity of seeing she first-class meiof-war manoeuvring in the Fay, and, as a natural con- oeqoence, popular interest was excited to the ntmofet. What number the two lines of railway took there it would be difficult to guess ; it is enough to say that crowding would be a mild xnoie of expression with reference to what really took place. The officers ofthe fleet bad issued invitations to as many of their friends as they possibly could accommodate, and the boa"ts of the different vessels vessels were in attendance at the" various starting pests for the convenience of visitors, some at WiHiamstown, and some at Sandridge. VOhe interest, moreover, felt in the review, and the pleasure anticipated from a view thereof, attracted a large number of spectators. It was a holiday, too ; the public offices were closed, most places of business followed the wise example as fc->oa as possible, and as the Admiral had kindly agreed to postpone the hour of sailing, the piers at Sandridge and Williams town, and the different vantage-points of view along both sides of the ' Fay were literally crowded. The rush was so great, :n fact, that at the Suburban Hail way station it was difficult to procure a seat ; and the 10 a.m. Government train to Williamstown, conveying most of the pleasure-seekers, did not leave the station till nearly ten minutes past 10 and did not arrive at Williamstown till nearly 11 o'clock. Here also the pier was crowded in the extreme, and the excite ment was increased by the fact that at the landing-steps of the Lighthouse pier was the Admiral's barge waiting for his Excellency. The time originally fixed for the Governor to go on ' hoard was 11 o'clock, but owihg to some new arrangement, it was postponed to 12 o'clock, so that the people really had an excellent j chance of finding out something about what was 1 going on. While the Liverpool boats were thus waiting at the pier, the influx of the people still continued both from Sandridge and Williams town, and at shortly after 11 the steamers, adver- . tired to start from the various piers began to r get up steam and prepare for departure. The squadron itself weighed anchor and proceeded -dawn the Bay at about noon, and from that Jcime the steamers commenced to run. From the river below the Falls came down the Edina, the Southern Cross, the Murray, and the Tamar, all crowded with passengers evidently bent upon enjoying themselves. The Kesolute got away from the Sandridge Pier at shortly after 11, and then, with the rest of the steamers, stood oflj waiting the signals from the flagship, in order to guide her as to her future conduct. It is always difficult for a landsman, to describe any nautical manoeuvres, but those executed by the squadron on Saturday were of such a simple nature that it was comparatively easy for even an unnautlcal spectator to see what was going on. At twenty minutes past 11 the. Admiral's barge, with his Excellency the Governor on board, came alongside the Liver pool, the sides were piped, the Admiral and his officers in' full uniform stood in readiness near the gangway, and just as the barge -came alongside the yards were manned with faces forward. There was then a bustle about the gangway, and in a few moments Her Ma jesty's representative stood upon the deck. The marines on the quarter-deck presented arms, toe Admiral and kis officers raised their cocked usua orthodox manner, the drums Turned, the band of the frigate played the National Anthem, a salute of seventeen guns was fired on the main deck, and the Governor's flag, that of a Tice-admiral, was run up to the main. Just' fcefote the arrival of the Governor, Maior-General Trevor Chute also came on board, and was received with opened ranks, presented arms, and fhe or inary drum ruffle. The company with his Exce lencT were Lady and Miss Manners Sutton, and both the Governor and the General were amended by their respective staffs. A large A,wr IgUeste were also on board the flagship, e her men-of-war were even more crowded rmf «»/» j ,ere being only just room — and and above — to work ship. The . Go- rnaT u oar' toe Admiral made the anchor, and after sundry delays 8ailed the Bay accom- Nelson which had got under ZT thff 8 88 8O0n 38 P03rible, and followed < by the steamers and other sitfall craft. Then shore on either side was literally crammed with the absceaee of firing caosed.f decfd feeling of disappointment. acted at the different standi" Jif'y-ecated-. tectite .excited them. Many in which to di&«2l£ y Z I. TA ships were wortedfrnuflt.; dowotttJJig.the tquidtn, reoehredthe hrder to wear ship mdirduroto -their anchorage, bathy hxe. fame the threatened rah, wMoSgdowii "i the. yieitora were - f Mk shelter-.of .au, mm-deck. On board the Agafartr and in fret on all the drips, luncheon was provided for the guests, aid nothing feould be znore kind and courteous than the manner in which the officers looked aftmr the creature com forts of those they had myited. Eteiy possible attention thatgood feeling and hospitality ocwild suggest was offered, and while on toe Liverpool toe : Admiral entertained the Governor, the General, and a few other guests, the wardroom officers of toe same ship took excellent care that no one on board should run the slightest risk of dying of starvation. That the review would have i gone off bettor had the weather been fine is be yond the faintest scintilla of a doubt, but even with allthe discomfort of the rain, the guests seemed thoroughly to enjoy themselves, and when covered batches and pouring rain render! a | risit to the deck ineonvenienfc and ttncomfortable, smoking, within the prescribed limits, and dane- \ ing in a epace cleared of guns seemed to aff<Bd j ample consolation .tor the deprivation of the scenery above- On board some of the ships \ dancing was carried on to a greater extent than on board the Liverpool, bat the general opinion appeared to be that the vessels were worthy of the British navy, that their sailing was all that could be possibly desired, that the offi cers were the most obliging of mortals, , and'" tost the trip generally was most enjoyable. : On board the Nelson some difficulties arose from want of previous supervision, easily excusable in a ship ordered out for such a pur pose on such sudden notice ; and even on board some of the men-of-war the intrusion of several uninvited persons created ' a little inconvenience. Some men of course are utterly insensible to any thing in the shape of shame, but to those who intruded ; themselves on board the men-of-war uninvited and unexpected, the best punishment was probably the kindness and courtesy with which they were received. In the midst of a heavy shower the squadron returned to their anchorage. At about 6 o'clock the visitors were conveyed on shore in the ships' boats as rapidly as possible, the generally ex- j pressed opiuion being that the officers of the | Flying Squadron had amply repaid the hospitality j extended to them. THE MANCEUTBES. < 8o soon as his Excellency had arrived on board j toe flagship (Liverpool), and the salute of 17' guns had been fired, preceded by the manning of the yarde, the Admiral gave the signal to get in the cutters and weigh anchor, and to work every ship in the squadron went. The Phoebe was the first to get under sail, but before her anchor was up, the Scylla was ready and away before the wind down the Bay. While doing this the gallant corvette was a very pretty sight indeed j but before she had gone very far, her main yard aback, and her generally " hove- to" appearance would have been enough to convince any one that the smart little one was not going to have it all her own way. While, however, the Scylla was " cracking" on on a voyage of discovery down the Bay, the other vessels got under weigh, and proceeded down the Bay in two lines, the weather consisting ot the flagship, the Scylla, and the Endymibn, and the lee line of the Phoebe, the Barrosa, and the Liffey. After sailing in this order for some time, the line was changed into columns of divisions, then into columns of sub-divisions, and finally into line abreast and battle order ; the fleet returning in the same order as it went out. Luring the whole of the manoeuvres the sailing of the Scylla attracted Universal admiration, and in spite of the crowded state of the decks, her speed was sufficient proof that should occasion .arise, she would rapidly show the rest of the squadron a dean pair of heels. The ships were all under weigh by a quarter to 12, started at about 1, and returned to Williamstown by about 6 o'clock. THE NELSON. The members of both branches of the Legis lature were accommodated on board tke Nelson. The Government had furnished each member with four tickets of admission, and Mr. Gregory, the cqterer of refreshments to the Houses of Par liament, was instructed to supply the necessary creature comforts for 300 persons. Had the original arrangements of the Government been adhered to the confusion which took place on board would have been avoided. - But no sooner was the announcement made in -Parliament that toe Nelson would be placed at the disposal of members and " their friends " than innumerable " friends " sprang up, and every means were resorted to to in order to secure tickets, and it subsequently transpired that many persons discarding toe necessity of an authorised admis sion, and relying upon the defectiveness of the arrangements attending all our public demonstra tions, proceeded on board, and as the result proved, fared infinitely better than either the members of Parliament or their legitimate friends. The ticket- holders proceeded by special train at an early hour in the forenoon, to the Williams - townbreakwator pier, and from thence the Pharos took them on board toe Nelson, and whiled away toe time which intervened to toe sailing of the squadron by examining minutely the magnificent -chip, her armament and'machinery. The salute and the manning of the yards by toe Admiral's ship when bis Excellency the Governor went on board, was the only incident that gave a. fillip to; the otherwise monotonous proceedings erf toe day. The movements of the squadron being untelfilif gible to all on board, except a few who were of A nautical turn of -mind, attention was soon con centrated upon self. The Scylla had weighed ancnor and procGvusu qowb whj uajj .wueu «uv machinery of the Nelson was set m motion. By this time noon had passed, and then commenced a. piovement imperceptible at first to all but the initiated, but afterwards increas ing in volume towards the caterer's depart ment. Befreshments were laid out " in -the officers' quarters, a small room not capable of accommodating under any degree of pressure mora toatijiftif prisons . There was a rush for precedence, : and thenceforward all was confusion. The re freshment-room was repeatedly Btormed,3 and the tables swept of their contents. There was no respect paid to persons, and the grumbling and indignation was tmirtersad. But whilst drawing A veil over the' incident of this teraritble; Und -the wreck and ruin of Gaptain PayrieV" household 'treasures," which was aconsequenee thereof, there . is blametobeattftrthedtoHometnnejfhrthe neglect \- of the most ordinaiy precautions, to prevent toe i intrusion of unauthorised persons. < <Fut this was not confined to. the Nefoon. ! Oh board toe vessels /"of -the squadron s there were intruders, - taaid inland toip,- at least; anfli&enL; fwviirion :had Hot beenmade for the confusion vpas - toe result. ; iThe Headquartere' Band played , a selection of mimiirg 4«ii"g the day. There was a detachment ef tbe Naval Brigade on ' board to assist in working flw ship $ but£ having \- little or. nothing to do, they made np a.jqnadrxUei pariy. on the etarboarcL aide: of -toe deck \- .... j, > . v -in whilst gfrilemen following their exsmple, got up a set on toe lsr- board side, and whiled away fchq tedious bonis in toe mmy danee. Of toe cvolntions of the squad . ron nnihing »y pinfarBtond on board. The ships shortened sail, formed jm line, and in columns of divhimi and of snbdiviaon, but this was all that coold be seen, and to the majority of those on hoaid the Nelson it was all that was onder- stood. Seen from toe deck it had nothing in it calculated to impress toe beholder. The smaU steamers, with their . living freight, Jmverod j round the Nelson, appwently ; finding in her far greater attractionthan in the manseuvres of the Flying Squadron. Her magnificent proportions must have been seen to great advantage as she majestically moved around the Bay, for the cro wds on hoard the steamers greeted -her appear- ; aace with loud cheers, which were heartily re- ; turned by fcho&e; on board the Nelson. ,» Tim ships of , the sqtMulmff ffltt anchor at about 6 p.m., and shortly afterwards the visitors to the Nelson were conveyed to shore by the Pharos, and took toe train to arriving there shortly .before 7 p«m. ' SANLEIDGE. From an early hour in the forenoon Sandridge began to give evidence of some impending event provocative of popular interest. Numbers of , people crowded the streets adjacent to toe beach, the .trains came in filled with excursionists of all sorts, and by way of the old -macadamised road, the Melbourne Omnibus Co/s vehicles and the cabs contributed no email quota to the gene ral assemblage. The- skips, meanwhile, lay quiet at- their anchors, and displayed no indica tion of toe activity which- they were sub sequently to exhibit. T The weather at the outset was fine, with a nearly uniform grey sky and a light westerly breeze, accompanied by a few drops of rain. The general: impression was that even this partial moisture would clear off as the sun attained toe meridian, and that the after - f noon would prove well adapted for sight-seeing, j This anticipation was partially realised, inasmuch | as for some hours the weather continued dry, but i as the day wore- on some eharp showers fell, j and just as tbe return of the squadron was i expected, a perfect deluge of Tain set in, and. j continued just long enough to preclude the possi- ; bility of the assembled spectators witnessing the termination of the evolutions. The Bailway pier was of course crowded, and beside it lay the sea-going steamers ALdinga, City of Adelaide, Auckland, Omeo, and Claud Hamilton, all gaily dressed in colours, and with steam up, in readiness to accompany the ships on their way. In ad- ditioa to these there was a whole fleet of tug boats in waiting, together with the railway stearnsr Gem, all of which secured remunerative and some the most profitable freights. The City of Adelaide was the first to get away, with an excellent volunteer band on board, and she was closely followed by the Omeo, the Al- dinga and others getting off not long afterwards. The departure of these vessels left the pisr but thinly occupied, and about the time of their leaving the Southern Cross, Eob Boy, | Murray, Edina, and Tamar were perceived suc- cessivdy emerging from the river into the Bay on their course to the cruising- ground of the ships. A good many watermen's sailing- boats and oilier small craft chartered for the occasion, also made their way into the offing. The manoeuvres of the ships are described elsewhere, and it will suffice to say here that during the estimated period of their absence Sandridge was nearly deserted. About the time of their expected return a good many intending spectators mustered on the pier to witness the event, but they were utterly put to flight by the downpour of rain previously men tioned. All that the few who remained to brave the elements were rewarded by seeing, was the Nelson approaching in a veiy ghost-like manner through toe haze to her anchorage off Williams town, and the coasting steamers, led by the City of Adelaide, emerging from time to time through the gloom. WILLIAMSTOWN AND THE PIEES. Williamstown presented a very lively scene on Saturday, as a large number of persons who in tended to go afloat, in order to witness the naval display in the Bay, took water from one or other of the numerous piers with which the marine village has been favoured. From an early hour the m en -of- wars' boats commenced to take the invited guests off to H.M. ships, then lying at anchor off Gellibrand's Point-, and many of those - who intended to spend the day on board the Nelson went off from Williams town. Long lines of railway carriages, heavily freighted with passengers, arrived from Mel bourne during the whole of toe early portion of the day, and the traffic arrangements were managed pith as little delay as possible as was consistent with the public safety. There were many who had a strong notion that the move ments of the squadron could be seen with advan tage from Williamstown, and crowds, therefore, gathered around the vicinity of toe battery and lighthouse. Certainly, the preliminary arrange- ' merits of the squadron getting under weigh, the reception and saluting of the Governor on board toe flag-ship, and Tnarvning . yards i on board all of ' the ships, could be wit nessed very advantageously from this stand - i poifit, but when the weather became overcast, and the vessels proceeded down toe cruising ground, toe view became less clear and distinct. In the- evenirig when the squadron returned, and his Exeellency the Governor landed and. proceeded by special train to Melbourne, Wflh&mstowa; again became animated ; but when toe last train had departed with the'eoeeial visitors it again resumed its wonted quiet. ' tHBEACH.: \y., \ Many there were who, either not being favoured with tickets foy jfche Jlelson, or nt.care about the expense attendant .upon a , trip by steamer in tjie Bay, wended tifoiy fsj to toe beactlKtweep Sandridge and Stv Hilda, fitotoe vain lippe r p£ squadron., eygies.anwbiri®, SjfW . up on evpty pqt, ljufc tl|.e im|iel3fd i wjwffe f yTHEiSAILGBS' HGME BAflW ; Owhig probaHy toAholgwentiirouad of social dissipation irhich. hae pravajded ini Melbonrne i mnce tbe errrial- of . i the! , Flyix Bquads; . toe nhmber of tiokBts taken up for the ball in." the Exhibition-buildings in'aid of the Sailors' Hoine .was i suit so large as, cqhsiderkig'. the oUght to have been. But even dancing yolung ladies are subject to fatigue; there ate" momenta when. jevadle: the. most energetic, the Crooning -yalee " offers no temptation the galop no : The. review on Baturday xfoelt was no small un dertaking, the private dinner parties and balls during toe last ten days have been many nod tiyfo g, and last, bttt . not Jet, the thoughts of many are baoi upon a bail which . has for some tune been the. talk oi society, and which topk place on Tuesday- Stiil, however, the chance of the last: time meeting . our gallant 'guests ofthe Naval Bquadren, added to a laudable desire to aesisfc the noWe iuBtitutioii for the benefit of which toe ball has been given, induced many to - perform what, after ail, was only a pleasant act of eelf-mermce, and about 300 per sons took adrantage of the music and other good things dear to frail huinanity provided for them, over 100 officers of tke squadron being present as gurate. It most not be forgotten, however, that a portion of the proceeds has, by arrangement with toe Committee of the Benevolent Asylum Fancy Bazaar, to be handed over to that charity in return for the use of the building, and with a view, tbtntj to. benefit the Home as much as possible, toe rcommittee wisely refrained, from, incurring useless expenditure in over-decorations. Let in spite even of tois prudent economy, the hall, on entering, presented a brilliant sight. Possessing as . it does in breadth and length every requisite for a ballroom, the great hail of the Exhibition has the other great advantage of excellent lights and a general appearance of elegant simplicity, both of which were last night as apparent as usual, so that our visitors will have no more reason to find fault with our ballroom than they have done with our hospitality. Mr. Enough Smyth, top, will be glad to .hear that his mineral specimens had been taken care of, protected by railings, and covered with gauze, and that no damage occurred to them. In the presence of so many bright eyes, and in the busy whirl of the " many t twinklings feet-," the said specimens did not, per- i haps, attract so much attention as the scientific I mind might think dearahle : but the students of \ that branch, will find them to-morrow quite uninjured by their temporary contact with j festivity. His Excellency the Governor, aecom- I panied by Lady and Miss Manners Sutton, and j attended by Lietenant Both we 11, A.D.C., and j Mr. Manners Sutton ; Bear- Admiral Hornby, j attended by Flag-Lieutenant Brace ; and Major- j General Sir Treror Chute, accompanied by Lady j Chute, and -attended by Captain BichardsoB, j AD.C, arrived at about twenty minutes to 10. j Lancing was at once commenced : Ms Exeellenc-y j dancing with Lady Chute, the General with Miss | Manners Button, the Admiral with Mrs. Le- | graves, and Mr. Ploos Tan Amstel with Miss | Lavis. The members of the committee exerted themselves fo the utmost to procure partners for | the guests ; and dancing once comnieiiced, was | kept up to toe strains of Mr. Chapman's band j till an early hour in the morning. No regular j supper was provided, but the refreshments sent in ! by Mr. Smyth ers and Mr. B. U. Miller were of a j substantial and satisfactory character. His Ex cellency and the Admiral left about 1 o'clock, j but the remainder &£ the guests and such of the officers as could remain continued in the hall till t nearly daylight. THE VISIT TO B ALL A B AT. j On Monday morning, at 7 o'clock, the Admiral j accompanied by about seventy gi his officers, 1 started by special train for Baliarat, arriving there at a quarter to 10. At the station thev were met by the local authorities, and conducted half to the George and half to Craig's hotel. Break fast being provided at both places, they were taken round the Western Borough, and visited the charitable institutions. They next went down the shaft; of No. 2 Band and Albion Consols Company, and confessed themselves as highly delighted with everything. Subsequently they partook of an excellent cold collation at the Mechanics' Institute, sitting down to the number of nearly 200. The Mayor was in the chair, and gave the usual loyal and patriotic toasts, which were heartily responded to. Upon the Admiral's health being drunk Admiral Hornby, amidst loud cheers, rose and said, "Ladies and gentlemen, allow me most cordially and most gratefully to thank you for the kind way in which you haveydrunk my -health. In all quarters of your beautiful- land we have experienced the greatest kindness. Our visit has been so pleasant that, though knowing the command of duty, we cannot hut express regret at leaving you now. An Austra lian colonist suggested, and an Australian colonist was the occasion of starting, the Flying Squadron. The Australian colonist well knew what would be said — at all events by the youth of the Flying Squadron — about the magnificence of this climate, and the opportunities that present themselves to the energy of youth." Admiral Hornby concluded by thanking the authorities of Ballarat, and the inhabitant too, for a reception that would never be forgotten by the Flying Squadron which he commanded. He then pro posed toe; toast of " The Ladies," to which Mr. B. "Lewis responded in suitable terms. Soon after luncheori the party returned to town, arriving at Spencer street toon after 6 o'clock in the evening.' ; The officers were all in plain dress, and this gate rise to tome - little disappointment. THE DEPARTURE. L Those officers of the Flying Squadron who were present on Monday night at toe Sailors Home ball, or absent on leave -in town, were conveyed on Tuesday morning to Wiiliamsfcowniby a special train leavmg at sum. The orders originally were to weigh anchor at S o'clock, but the usual inevitable. delays took place, and it was riot until half-past 1ft that the start was really made, with a favourable nind from the north-by-west. The Endymion was the 'first to get -np her anchor and proceeded do wm the Bay, followed shortly after- i wards by the Bacuosa, the Liffey, and the Phoebe. Whena short distance down -these vessels hove to, to wait for. toe Liverpool and the Scylla, the former of which got under wmgh almost under bare - poles. 'The 1 whole squadron then started afresh, and eailed away towards the Heads under topsails and jibs, getting well out before the violent aquall t hat came on about 2 o'clock. Just before atxurtingithree of - the deserters were i broughtr on board i by the water pelice, bvit it is believed that imf1 5100 ahore in hiding, arid not f inely to tum vqi ?xiBtil the squateriiis j awaicpcstoefr-iconeeslm wiah to finger ; ; thetiikMirard TheL; aquadrais the Heads > Iabont i 8undown aud 'tthchoredl .The veeseka Ate expected to raaeh Sydney iby tobt I3th, tor- leave aborit ;the aSOtiH, fori Hobmrt Toitn,£tttoiwhioh port they are diie on. . the Ht Jannary.i ; Ail torts of good wishes follow Jthe Admirti, hit; offioem,and men, dntheir way, and ithoaei wtia'ntiect interested, uk ou tgallaat . yfeitors wiff the tost moment, jl alike, frbm the highest totiiedowest, -expressed thrimtelvee aa:j highly.; gratified with their writ. Our momonn atie k>£ tim aquridron are hkely to br.gdfeuanfe and the oonduct of the ere>tajM!0 jboen«suti&;a8 te MB> contrasted fovoprabiy with thatofttafr5 8 who Tisitea as tome time bsdk 4 mat quite m fortunate in the ndiS i 1 " crack" toip, hut theyleavebehuidti? t 1 ries of outraged propriety or dirappoiiitJ I people. Should toe Imperial GoverumJ? 1 send us such another eqn. weUm i!? 1 that the officers and crewE may be of a lihl 1 Bemarks were freely made on f 1 ing toe absence of toe late Chief fiecrete fl Higinbotham, and other ex-Mhifrters l 1 festivities on toe flagship. Lest it shook! 1 supposed that any political fevoimtiaa 1 work, we may mention that the invitatijT85 I issued personally by Admiral Hornby, aod6 I to persons who bad left their cards for bj 7 I omission of this courtesy was toe reason IT6 1 company of the gentlemen in question not iJ; I requested. ' 1 -®eaag | On Sri&dsy;, in addition to the general visit I a number of the servants of the Bailway I meat, with their wives and families, were feSSl I down by special trains from Geelong, 1 and Sandhurst, and the other stations' asSftlz I ceeded on board the different vessels of the 1 On Monday, up to 1 p.m., no visitors were allS 1 on board, preparations bring made for starts I next morning ; but, in the afternoon, a fewtr«V 1 the opportunity of paying a farewell visit I We are glad to learn that the eogees&m; I with respect to the doBation of boofe ITj I periodicals for the use of the Firing has been promptly and generously "responedtebv the public : and we have been requested bv tte revered gentleman from whom it emanated tn express his gratefnl acknowledgements on behalf f the seamen, and also to offer the assurance that such publications as have been directed to ' particular ship or persons will be careful? delivered, while the residue will be made useful as possible. As many books and magazines may yet be sent in to Mr. fcjtubbs, that genljaj has kindly undertaken to forward them to the squadron at Sydney or Hobart Town, as the case may be ; and the donors will have the gratifica tion of reflecting that they have provided the means of lightening -many a weary hour, aad of enlivening many a group of blue-jackets, as thev listen to a stirring passage of history a moving poem, or a merry story, read by the "best eloea- tionist of the company. The employes in tbe Bailway department- at Ballarat, with their wives -and families, number ing some -300 persons in all. left the Ballsm station early on Sunday morning by special train to visifc the Flying Squadron. The journevwas rather a tedious one, as the train had to stop at each station and gate, and the duties fav the way had to be performed by those in the train, gup. posed to be about- to enjoy themselves. A similar process had to be performed upon tbe return journey, which occupied nearly seven hours. It seems that there was a desire to provide an entertainment for the seamen of the living Squadron, but that the offer unfortunatelv arrived too late. A number of gentlemen endeavoured to induce the Admiral to prolong his star, in order that t-hey might- carry out their plan." and there were those who were willing to provide the means of entertainment : but the order for depar ture having been given, could not be recalled, and Jack must therefore take the will for the deed. 