; 2HENEW8 OP T3B DAY, ~ ? p ? Tho Riyal Mdl Btcamer Geelong, with the Slay nowa, has not yet put in an appearance, but aho is due here on the S.h ol Jaly, and, jadging from|the promptitude of recent arrivals, her coming may foe telographed at any mo ment. We observe that the K.M.S. Malta_ is to rarrv off the next onteoincr mail, the time appointed for.olosing being Saturday, 17th July — next Saturday week. Thero will be no meeting of the City Council this afternoon, iu consequence, it is said, of tbo notice paper not having been available for menibera of the council on Separation Day. Such is. the reason reported, a curious ouo enough, apparently. The announcement that diamonds were to be fonnd in large quantities on the Australian Continent appearB to have excited the apeculu tive tendencies of tha, colonists 'to its 'greatest limit. ' On Saturday evening Megsrs W. Clarke aod Son's office, Elizabeth street, was kept open until nine o'clock for the purpose of re ceiving applications for shares; and throughout the evening the place was crowded with appli cants. ? It is 'impossible ta announce the number :of: shares applied for, as the returns have' not yet been received from the country agencies, but the applications are believed to bo far in' excess of the number of shares to be issued.' 'All ageBaad.all classes were to be seen on Saturday applying for shares, the ap plications varying (from one share to one hun dred, aud the applicants were as varied as the number of aharos demanied. A great number coneitted .ef' women and lada, each evidently under the impression that within' a very few months he would be the possessor of a second Koh-i-nbor at least. Tbe allotment will be made to-morrow. . The sentence recorded againstJoseph Harris ou Saturday last, at tho Giiiernl Sessions, will perhapj have the effoot of putting nn end to the number of stroei robberies which have lately beea committed. 'It:inay- bo remembered that on the night of the 19tk ult., as ? Mr Sharp was returning home, lie was sel upon by two mon, one of whom, however, escaped, but the ether one (Harris) was captured. Hia Honor, on Saturday, nfter remarking upon the in crease id this crime,' sentenced the prisoner to fire yeara on the roada, aud to receive two floggings dunDg the first six months of his sentence.' ? Te Kooti.lms turned np again. We were lured into, believing tha latest report of his death, ax it was conveyed iu a communication from ono clergyman to another, but it wiU te qaire uorao very convincing oviiionce indeed to encourage us to attempt his obitnary again. Indeed, one might bo almost led to doabt that such a monster htid any existence at nil except in the frightened imagination of New Zealand colonist?, but that tho proof of his atrocitiec now ad Bagain forcei itsnlf upon the attention with terrible reality. The news from New Zea land tells the old story — bewilderment among tho colonial forces, and triumphant treachery among the rebels. Judging from reports in tho local papers, a large section of the miners at Spring Creek are bi averse to the leasing py\ . . in their district that they were almost rude : the Minister of Mines for not having promisad to let his face against it. An asesciation. called ' The Victorian Miners' Protection League,' hat been formed, as ono of tbe resolutions de clares, ' for the purpose of securing to tha miners of this colony the rights and privileges ts which, by virtue of their importance as a large and numerous class, they aro entitled.' Among the other resolutions adopted are the following: — ' That this league being of opinion that a large poitiou of the miners have been practically disfranchised by the present bjs tern of voting by electoral rights, end that they have been unduly oppressed by an unneoesjary tax, its effoits will be directed towards obtain ing an amendmeiit of the Electoral Act, with the view of securing for the miners ol tbis colony the political privileges which they enjojed several years ago, prior to the passing of the act now iu force. That this association shall use every effort to abolish, mining legis lation, oy inducing the members to submit their dinputea to their representative com mittees.' We obaerva that the resolutions arrived at by the late Commercial Cjnferoaco in Sydney, including that which recommends the adoption of the cental system of gelling grain and floor, aro to be considered at the quai t«!y meeting of the Melbourne Chamber of Cjininerce to morrow. - We aro not surprised to perceive that the ex traordinary decision of the Snprerae Court of Ntw South Wales, with regard to the Sydney Herald and ita correspondent, Dr. Steel, haa created a very lively Beuiiment of dissatisfao- ' tion in the sister colony, where the good folk are not onaily aroused from their stagnation. A publio meeting to express sympathy for Dr. Steol is to bo held in a day or bo — at least such is the present intention, bat it is not always safe to calculate upon lush things bayond the Murray. Tho fine proportions of the new National Bink building! iu Collina- street are baginnujg to display themselves as the work of erection advances. The pedestals and a few feet of tbe shafts of several of the pillars for tho colonnade in jront are already set ; and, passing inside the building, tho spacious centre hall is already found limned out with brickwork, and looking liko a mined amphitheatre, within which stand in a circle thi bluestono skeletons of orna mental pillars which will surround the hall. At the rear of the building u tall chimney has been erected for carrying off the lumes en gendered by smelting operations. The matey walls of the bank are of the thickness of three bricks, laid end to end. It will be a noble ornament to Collins -street. A little landslip on one sido of the excava tion for thu foundations of the new Royal Ar cade caused more of the wall to drop eat last evening from the front premise3 at the Me chanics' Restaurant, adjoining. It was a large piece, some twelve foot gqaaro, and had been propped up after the previous harmless catas trophe. At about a quarter-pout nve o'clock tho laud beneath crumbled away suddenly, and the piece of wall slid down into tho excavation almost intact. A number of people wero inside getting thei* tea, and they were a ' bit scared, but as the ruin all slipped out of sight thoy speedily com posed' themselves. The noise made by tho tumbling wall was very alarming, and canoed a rush from all directions to the spot. It is a rather singular circumstance that a perpen dicular and an inclined plonk, with whioh the wall had been shored up, romained unmoved, oven after the bricks slipped from behind them. A considerable length of wall ttands yet, but it looks rather ticklishly perched on tho odge of tho excavation. Tha services advertisod to bo held in the Carl ton Hall yesterday, in connection with tho Independent Churoh, were postponed. ?. Considerable excitement prevails now in East Collingwood in consequenco of the pro ceedings of the local borough council at their last meeting-. Cr. Greenwood then proposed the rescinding of a previous resolution giving power to the council to purchase property in the line of Wellington-street, and open np the said street to the Heidelberg-ruad. The proposition received strong support or opposition from various members of the council according as uach felt on the . snbject, and sj hot became the discussion ' - that the Major (Mr Bowring), who dis sentod from the course taken up by Cr. Green wood, threw dosvn.u challenge to him, which was that each should resign aud test the feel ing of the ratepayers on the question. Cr. Greenwood at onoe gave in hisreuiguation, and the Mayor thon did the same. It is understood that both gentlemen will oppose each other in both the Victoria and the Barkly Wards; and to test the question thoroughly a Darlirig Ward representative is also expected to retire, so that a poll of all the burgesses can be taken. Tko Croxton Steeplechases, which take place -- on Saturday next, bare been supplemented , by a velocipede race of 20 sova., entrance five shillings only ; uud H is anticipated from the promises of support that the entries will be numerous. There is a fine ground for the ., purpose, and as it is littlo affected by wealhcr, there is no danger of disappointment to the public. Tho proprietor seeing to have been compelled to introduce a velocipedo race in self-defence, as the Athletic Sports committee have postponed their Bpcrts to the same day. It seems a pity there should be any competition. The proprietor of Croxton Park bad some time since pledged himself to give prizes to tho value of £140, and he ... moreover has notthe power, if inclination, to alter his day. ' The platypus ia usually supposed to bo a very rare and shy animal: our readers will therefore be surprised to learn that four of these paradoxical creatures were seen dis porting themselves in the Yarra, near the , E'ohmond quarries, yesterday morning, at about eight o'clock. . Our informant, who is well acquainted with the habits of the platypus, states that several moy be Been any quiet morning in many parts of the river between Richmond and Hawthorn. The baznar nt the United Methodist, Free , ; Church, George-fctreet, Fitzroy, was eloeeii on Saturday evening, the result of snlca being a clear profit of £150 towards liquidating the ', debt dne on the churoh and sohools. Councillor Sheody, of Richmond, has resigned because- machine metal is to be used on the ro&ds; of the borough. Rather a peculiar whim, . we should think, this of the worthy councillor, considering that the machine-crushed metal all .-, comes from works within the horouf-h of Rich mond, and municipalities miles oft' gond for it. ' Since it is peculiarly n local preduct, why. be so ungracious aa to refnBO it a trial ? However, i Councillor Sheedy is stout in his determination ; and further, when Mr Michael Egan, the Mayor, and the chief believer in machine metal, retires in August next, Councillor Sh'eedy will - stasd against him on the ' handbroken ' - ticket. Surely there is ft better way of testing _!'? the relative merits of Kcap and Smash. The football match between the Melbourne Club and the Police came off lapt Saturday, and attracted a very large crowd of spectators. : Public sympathy was all with the constables, '?' who made the best use of what advantage they possessed, by dashing in and attempting to carry / the game by- sheer force of weight. Their supple opponents were, however, too much for thoin, and kicked all the goals. The struggle was a regular rough-and-tumble one, tho Bonn of Anak rushing to the charge each time with war-cries whioh amused the lookers-on hugely. It wrisa fine, sunshiny afternoon, and the ground presented an anicnuted appearance a3 viewed from a passing railway train. The jackets of the police were red, nnd tboae of their oppo nents white.- Tho effect of the coinroingle menfc of colors was very pretty ; while the sword which they dotted was thickly circled round by tho crowd of spectators, nnmerons others being scattered upon the vantage elope among tho trees on tho hill without. Tho Melbourne Bowling Club held a meeting on Saturday night, at the Railway Hote£ Prahran, to talie into consideration the advisa bility of erecting n pavilion on their bowling green. The meeting was not a fnll one, as several members were unavoidably out of town. An offer was made to the dab which wu» dls cnseed by thoao present, bnt farther lime lor considering it was thonglit navigable. It is understood that AM. Hnghei is Kbout, to resign his seat in the City Council. What does Councillor A. K. Smith intend to do ? The editor of tho Belfast Banner has been fined 5a, with 2s 6i cOBte, for an assault on JameB Williams, having given him three slaps in the faoe while he wai keeping the door at ono of Burnett's temperance meetings It is stiteil that some of Mr Burnett's admirers, dissatisfied at the nominal fine inflicted, have forwarded copies of the depositions to the Minister of Justice, to ascertain his view of the conduct of the magistrates who sat on the bench during the hearing of tha ea«e. We have Tasmanian files to the 3rd of -Taly.^ Parliament is expected to re-assemble for de spatch of bnainess on tho 27th. It is rnmored that Ministers will bring in a bill authorising the issne of a railway loan and the construction of a main line railway from Hobart Town to some point on tho Launceston and Western Line, Perth or Longford probably. Mr Roht. Robson, a very old colonist of Tasmania, and one of the pioneers to Vic toria, died in the General Hospital, in the (sixty-first year ot h'a age, on the 30th of Jane. ' Robson, who was rather an eccentric character, has for the last' forty years been a; resident, of Tasmania, and w»s well known in Launceston. He was ever willing to relate his adventures to any patient listener, and ' told of hii visit to Victoria with Batman in 1835, as master of the schooner Bebecca. Whilst on board of this vessel he had the misfortune to bronk his leg, which disabled him from con tinuing a seafaring life ; and being in indif ferent circumstances at the time, several benevo lent gentlemen in Lanncesten paid his medical expenses. Since ' that time Itobson kept the Crown Inn, corner of Elizabeth and BatlmrBt streets, and subsequently kept a market garden on tho Uatoract lull.' ? We learn from a local journal that the man Cooper, committed to take his trial at Goul bnrn assizes for the murder of a shepherd named Shirkey at Hajdon's Dam, near Mnr rumburrab, is at the present timo an inmate of the Yaaa gaol. Tho cool, unconcerned demeanor exhibited by the prisoner at the investigation at Hnrrumburruh is still maintained by him, and shortly after his ndmission to tho gaol ho re quested the visiting surgeon (Dr. O'Connor) to examine tho burns he had received from being thrown upon the fire, and to tako a note, of them, as ho would requirs the doctor's evidence at tho trial. Hs converses of having ' killed tho man' without the slightest appearance of regret at his terrible deed, and still asserts that the set was committed in self-defence. It is reportod that a very import»nt discovery in quartz has beon made a few miles from Heathcote, in a westerly direction. According to tho Riverine Herald, there is ev?ry reason to believe the winter Hood in the Murray has now set in in right earnest. ' We hear there are large quantities of snow in the mountains. We should think that they must bo unusually large for this time of the year, so much rain having fallen in the low countries. If wo are correct in this snrmise, we shall have very high or very long continued floods this yoar. As the rains set in very early, we may expect a cessation of wet weather in another month or two, before the sun attains grout power. In that case we may look for a flood of lengthoned duration, as the warm rains of spring und early summer bring down the snow much fatter than the heated temperature of the air. Under the buds influence the thaws take plt.ee gradually and continuously, and not abruptly and to great depths, as they do nnder late rains. A good season of navi gation is much needed, and we think we shall have one, judging from the present appearance of things.' The residorice of Mr Augustus F. Dennys, of Inkerman- street, East St. Kilda, was visited on Friday night by some predatory individuals. Tho only thing that happened to bo within the reach of thase light-fingered gentry on their visit was the ? door-mat, which was promptly appropriated. They then evidenced their knowledge of botany by selecting the most valuable of the coniferous plants with which the garden is otooked. A rather awkward 'accident occurred . at EIHb'b Muaio Hall, Bourke-street, on Saturday night. Facing the street entrance there is a large mirror (valued at £40), the door of the hall being a few feet to the, left, and us a young man, evidently a btuhrmn, was entering the place be mistook the mirror for the entrance to the hall, and raising his foot, as he thought ler tho step, struck the glassy completely smashing it. A* he was quite sober, tho affair was evidently an accident. , On Saturday evening, at about hnlf- past five o'clock, a very remarkable accident occurred to a little girl about ten; years old, opposite to some steam saw- mills beyosd a Primitive Methodist Chapel at the top of Willinm-street, West Melbourne. Tho child, with several others, waB playing on the pavement in front of the mills, wben a stream of boiling water came through tho drain into the gutter. An im merse body of steam was evolved, |and the child in trying to escape from the vapor missed her footing and fell in the boiling water, most severely scalding hor thighB and legs. Tho cries of the child attracted attention, and. on arriving at her homo in Victoria-ntreet it wao found the Bkin had peeled off her right leg, which was very badly bmned. Kerosene was applied, and medical aid at once sent for. Is there no chsck upon the discharge of scalding water from steam factories, seeing that it is so dangerous to children 1 There was not a solitary occupant of tho Cas tlemaina watohhonse on Saturday. As the' Daily Xews observes, ' this is the second day on which this has been the case, and it shows that the casual habitues of this place have been conducting themselves with a little more pro priety lately than usual.' Thero is nothing like nipping an'ovil in the bud, aud Sergeant Ellis, of Emerald- hill, no doubt acting upon this principle, made a praise worthy and succeBsiul effort the other day to prevent the permanent colonisation on ' tho hill' of a party of young women- who about three weeks ago founded two disreputable es tablishments in Coventry-court. Tha Borgeant obtained a warrant for their arrest on a charge of keeping houses . frequented by persons having no lawful visible means of (upport, and abont two o'clock ou Thursday morning last proceeded to the houses and arrested' three joung femaleB, named respectively Barbara Jamep, Alice James and Mary Gellicol), and two eailorB named Wm.. Cole and Charles Bronte. The prisoners were brought before the local bench the same morning, [when tho men we.-o discharged with a caution, and upon being placcdjin the witness box they gave testi mony o.b to how thry had been lured into one of tho den?. Barbara James was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment and Alice JameB (her sister) and Mary Gellicoll to nine months' each. But what a state of affairs, in a certain stratum of society, when two1 sisters arrange together to load an Infamous life ! The number of persons arrived at the port of Melbourne during the past week by way of sea board wai as under :— From neighboring colo fiiea, 297 (of, this number there came from New Zealand 72); United Kingdom, 117; Capo Town, 8; Mauritius, ' 1 : Penang, 1 : total, 424. The laying of the water-pipea from the .Lovely Hants reservoir to. Geelong ia being rapiaiy proceeded with, the contractors having nearly two hundred men employed; ? .- Tho Charles Tottie, with forty horses ana twenty-eight cows; left the Bay yeBterday for Batavia. -'' ? ? ? ? ' What may happen to a man in Victoria received another illustration a day or two ngo, in Oastlemaine, ae we learn from tho Mail. 'A well-L-DOwn and respectabletradesman, Mr Pickelt, hearing that hig wife, who is in Mel bourne, wrs unwell, naturally hastened to her aid and assistance, and absented himself from his business fora few days, leaving in charge a . qualified assistant. No sooner had he taken his departure than rumor, with her Ar'gua eyes ana buBy tongue, ascribed some other and more damaging cause to his sudden exit. It turns out, however, that the absence was but temporary, and oa Mr Pickett had conducted his business in a proper manner, he was rather surprised on his return to hear the rumor affecting his character.' From noted on the meteoro'ofiy of the month of Joes, by Mr Ullery, Government Astronomer, we condense the following :— The weather at the beginning of the month was fine but squally ; on the 9th heavy rain showers set iu, lasting uutil the 12th, when it cleared up rim! a succession of fine days occurred, with cold frosty nigbte, and generally dense fog in the mornings. ' Oa the 22ud it again became showery, and remained so, more or less, until the end of the moi.th. The highest tempera ture in the Bua-5e 63. C was recorded on tho 4'h, the highest in tho sun 105.2 on the 6sh ; the lowest 31 0 on the 16th, with sharp frost and ice on some of the more elevated positions round Melbourne. The highest pressure of air 30.541 occurred on the loth, with light easterly winds ; the lowest 29.667 on the 1st, with moderate northerly breezes. Rim fell on 13 days, and the total amount is considerably above the average for the last 11 years ; dense fog occurred en the 13th, 14th, 16th, 17th, 18th and 19th. The electric condition of the at mosphere was generally of high positive ten sion, and great disturbances of negative tension occurred ou the 4th, 8th, 9th and 25th. The ozonic reaction is of the average amount, and was highest on the 6th, 9th, lOtfi and 11th, with W. and S.W. wind and raiusqaalls. Tke prevailing direction of the wind was from N. and N.W., and the strongest breezes occurred on the 4th, 7th, 8th and 26tb, in all cases from tho north ; the greatest hourly velocity, 31 miles, was recorded between 2 and 3 p.m. on the 4th. The moan temperature of air is 0.5 above the average for the last 11 years. The mean pressnre of air, 0.060 inch above the average for the lost 11 years. The mean humidity, the same bb average for the last oleven years. Total rainfall, 0.62 inch above the average for the last 11 years. The streets wore fairly blocked up 'on Saturday afternoon by crowds ot pcraonB who were arrested by tie straina of a por tentous barrel organ stauding on four wheels, and oporated npou by an individual in a white hat, who looked as if he hid walked straight off the Btreets of London. The affiir made a terrible noise, conglomerated of bray ing trumpets, ear pieroing flfes and clattering drums. Pleasant enongh to tho human tym panum it soomed, judging by tho delighted audience gathered together. A young man. named Benjamin Sohofield, residing at Greenaborongti, was admitted to the hospital yesterday, suffering from sevaro injuries to his foot, caused by an axe slipping whilst lie was engaged chopping wood. Strange as it may appear, Adelaide seems at least partly to owe its new cathedral to tho hon. Eliot Yorke. So we learn from tho S. A. Advertiser : — 'An important ceremonial took place last Tuesday on the north bank of the Torrens. It was, we are informed, St. Peter's Day, aad as snch had been selected as the most appropriate on which to lay the foundation stone of St. Peter's Cathedral. It appears that the want of this cathedral was powerfully and painfully brought to the minds of those most immediately responsible, by a qaes tloa of tho lion. Eliot Yorke, whon on his first visit with the Duka of Edinburgh. 1 Ha vo you got a cathedral ?' oaked tho hon; Yorke, who, it seema, could scarcely conceive of a colony without a cathedral. Tne incident just mentioned may be depended uponastraa, inasmuch as it is the, text of a circular lately issued by, or nuder the auspices of, the Lord Bishop himself, and thus constitutes the starting point of the imposing ceremonial of last Tues day. We ilo not, however, snppos9 that the hen. Eliot Yorke has done more towards the ercotion of tho cathedral than simply asking if tboro was ono.' In this latter observation, at all events, our contemporary iu no doubt cor rect. A minor came to Sale on Thursday to re gister his claim, about five miles the other side of Gladstone. He stated tVat a party of olaini holdors adjoining him found a nugget, a few days ago, only a , few dwts less than a pound weight, in sinking from six to eight feet. ' The claim,' as the Guardian reports, ' is in the ranges, near the Crooked River road. The parties, as a rule, on finding small gold, are almost euro to find hoavy, not on the bed ofj tho creek, bat some distance off, on the bed, of an old crock. A small rask ia expected in the neighborhood.' 'An accident occurred at the mine ef the Bonshaw Company, Baliarat, on Thursday, by which a miner named William Jones lost his life, and another nanwd Davis was placed in considerable jeopardy. The men were at work in tho face, and while in the act of fix ing a cap-piece on the timbers farthest in, a quantity of looso eatid came down and com pletely buried Jones. Davis, too, was par tially covered with 'the earth and timbers, but assistance being procured, he was got out without serious injury. Jones, however, re mained for three hours entombed in the debris before his1 body was taken out. An iuquest was held, and a verdict of accidental death, in accordance with the facts, was re turned. ':?? ?.-..-??.' It appears that nearly all the property left by the late Mr Hmae, of Sydney, wai personal. The Sydney Beraldj* informed that a moiety of it he whole goes to the widow, one quarter to his sister, residing in Scotland, and tho re a:dua will be divided between the six ohildron of a doceaied brother. . It has already been stated that the action taken by Mr J. L. Hall, lessee of the Prince of Wales Theatre, Auckland, against Mrs Robert Heir, for breach, of agroement, resulted in a verdict for the plaintiff,, with damages. Immediately after the trial, Mr W. H. Newton, manager, thus addressed the victor,' by advertisement ia the local paper : — 'Sir, — Tho members of tha company of the Prince of Wales Theatre, in appreciation of your late .straggle for (he interests of the theatrical profession generally, beg one and all to tender yoa oar services on bhe occasion of your complimentary benefit on Wednesday evening, and will use. our endeavors to secure you a bumper house.' Weston'a Opera Bea,9o was again densely crowded on Saturday evening, but owing te the judicious arrausrement in all parts of the hall, the visitors were enabled to take their, pleasure without the slightest inconvenience. As canal, there was abundanoe of mirth and melody, and there was no mistaking the appre ciation of both by the audience. . The new scene, 'Ghost in a Pawn Shop,' is very amusing, and will ni doubt be rendered more so by the introduction of other local allusions political and otherwise. Mr Riinford's effec tive singing of 'Ring the Bell, Watchman,' and Mr Aokland's of 'Thou art so near and yet so far,' gave evident delight; and ' Tobias and Biancus' continues as laughter- provoking as ever. Kelly's ' Sunflower -seems to have somewhat faded, however. The Theatre Royal was well attended ou Saturday evening, when Miss Cleveland com menced' a short .engagement, playing Emilia to Mr Montgomery's Othello, and Miss Bowring took the part of Desdemona. Mr. Sterile played Iugo in capital style, and Mr Ireland was an efficient Cnsiio. A novelty was 'introduced into the afecrpiece, the bur lesque of ' Crossing tho Line,' Neptune making his entrance on a three- wheeled velocipede. The individual, however, bestrid ing the tricycle- was either very nervous or had not had sufficient practice on his vehicle, as before he arrived at the footlights his velocipede capsiz2d, throwing the rider amongst tho foot lights, to tho intense amusement of tho audience. This evening ' As You L-ke if'.is to be played, Mies Cleveland playing Rosalind. ; ' The PiLGitni'sPnoGnEBs' is the subject of an illustrated leotufeto be given'.in tlie Orderly room, Cariton, this evening, illnminatcd by Mr Melvin's brillinnt limn light. The Rev. B. S. Walker, incumbent of St. Philip'a, Collingwood, will oiler some explanatory remarks on the parts illustrated.. Tho Rev. C. Stuart Parry, incnmbent of St. Juda's Church, ?will preside. The Late Mb Hickey. — Respecting the awfully sudden death of the late Mr. Hickoy, for several years compositor in The Age office, one of our contemporaries has been led into an error. Thosa who had the brtt opportunity of knowing, deny that when ho loft this ofiice ho was at all under the influence of drink. Da ceased was a sober and steady man, much liked by all who knaw him, and accustomed to hard work for the support of a very heavy family, who have bitter reason to lament hia loss. ? The Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Sa ciete1. — The oases relieved for the fort night ending 29th Juno are as follow : — Individuals, 1952 ; families, 599, com priting widows, 267 ; sick and inSrm, 119 ; deserted wives, 60; wives whose husbands are in prison, 9 ; wives wheso huabuuds are absent, 40 ; wivea wheao husbands are partially em ployed, 20 ; do unemployed, 21; aged couples, 21 ; single women, 28 ; miscellaneous, 4. Outlay during the fortnight in relief of ease*, £204 12a 41. Subscriptions during tho same period : — Hastings Cuniagham and Co., £2 2s ; Bullen Brothers, £1 ; William Ford and Co., £1 Is; Dr. Radall, 10s; S., £2; Mrs Henry Stevenson, £2 2s; Mrs Nat1, £1 le; Mrs John Carson, £1 Is ; Dr. Perry, Bishop of Melbourne, £2 It ; Richard Hodgson, £1 Is ; Edward Cohen and Co., £2 2s ; M'Colluni, Neill and Co., £.1 Js; Johneon Brother*, 10s; Mrs James Lawrence. £1 ; Mra Beeher, £1 ; 5trs Alfred Blfiunin. £1 Is ; H. Salwjra Smith, £1 ; Mrs Peppers, £1 Is ; Mrs Bennett, 53 ; Gill, Thorpe and Cj., 10* 6.1; Hudson and Wat son, 10s ; St. John, per Arpus, 10s; contribu tion of flannel, &c;, from j. D. P. ; collection St. Peter'a Church, per Rev. H. H. P. Hand field, £19 15s Id; Borough Council Hotham, £10 ; J. Sntherland, £5 ; Fitaroy musical enter tainment, per Mr P. J. CoBtello, £4. Is 63 ; anony mous Delta, £1. The committee beg to draw special attention to the urgent need at thi» sea son of the year of blankets and warm clothing for distribution among the tick poor, any con tributions of which, or money, will bo thank fully received by Mrs Cairns, Chalmers Manse ; Mrs Handfield,' St. Peter'a Parsonago ; Mrs Rhind, Victoria-streek, Hotham ; Mrs Dann, Little Lonsdale street west, or sny momber of committee. 