"COUNT" ATTEMS. \- (From the Queensland Express, December 30 p , We have got a few particulars of the doings of the individual who passed here under the above name, chiefly from a man who formed one of the crew of his vessel, the Hamlet's Ghost. Our informant went away with him from Brisbane, and stuck to him as far as Koepang, where they parted company to meet again at Batavia, at which 'place the "Count" promised to pay him his wages and furnish him with the means of getting a passage back to Brisbane. The " Count," though it was put out of his power to reach Batavia, in other respects kept his word with this man, who a day or two ago came back to Brisbane. The " Count," after his sailing from Brisbane, had, as it may be remembered, two narrow shaves for his liberty ; cane at Cleveland Bay, from which he sailed just before the arrival of the steamer having on board the police armed \- with a warrant for his apprehension and the other at Cape York, to which he had scarcely bid farewell when the Captain Cook, bringing news of his proceedings, put in an appearance. He arrived at Cape York on the lim August, and sailed again on the 23rd, his stay lasting eight days. A story reached Brisbane about his having swindled the Cockerills, who were at Cape York collecting birds. He bought £30 worth of birds from them, and paid them one half cash and the other with one of his priceless cheques. It seems, from all we can learn, that the Count, Uko another Robin Hood, though he had no scruples about making inroads into the wealth of the rich, was straightforward in his doings with " poor " men, and he had intended to give the Cockerels gold for their birds. he was putting some gold into his pocket on one occasion Just before going ashore, when some one whose name we have heard but need not mention) remarked that a cheque was good enough for such people as the Cockerill, and he reduced the amount of the metal by one-half. Whether the remark had any effect on the Count," or whether he had merely jumped at it as an excuse for giving the men half what they were entitled to, we don't know ; but it seems that he was not very flush of the precious metal at Cape York at Cleveland Bay his store was rather low, and he made an ineffectual application from there to a Brisbane Ann to give him some more. However, it turned out that the transaction with the bird scullers was a case of diamonnd-cut-diamond, for when the case of birds was opened after the Ghost put to sea, it was found that only half the quantity they had undertaken to furnish had been delivered. If that is a fact, neither party had much reason to complain. When the" Count" aft Brisbane, a man named Howes was his captain, but they fell out by the way, and parted company at Cape York, and the impostor there assumed the command of the veesel, and signed certain papers as captain ; a seaman named Austin was promoted to chief mate. The Ghost had eight hands on board when she arrived at the Cape, and seven when she left. He had just started, as we have mentioned, and was not out of sight, when the schooner Captain Cook put into the port. A police boat went after the yacht, but did not overhaul it. The boat was seen from the yacht, and her captain thought her object was to take off two gentlemen whom he had landed at one of the bays, and so did not stop for the boat, otherwise his career would have ended there, for there is no doubt that the Count" would not have got his crew to side with him against the police. The yacht sailed from Somerset on the Saturday, and on the Sunday called at Booby Island, where provisions are stored for vessels in visit seems to have been paid to ônôuô"m8?o^înuM3i._& islands about here which were inhabited, and an acquaintance formed with the " lady " residents. The account of the CountY mode of landing, as told us, was somewhat amusing. Though he had not previously shown any signs of high courage rather the contrary he jumped bravely into the shoal water and would have waded ashore, single handed, in the face of an array of warlike natives, drawn upon the beach, had not the mate and others, inspired by his daring, jumped in after him. The Count," who carried a number of loaded revolvers in his yacht, landed with one of these weapons in his hand, and his mate backed him up with a duck gun. The north-east part of Timor was reached in about seven days from Cape Y 61 k, but nothing particular resulted from the call there. Coo pang was made about eight days later, and here our hero enjoyed himself to a great extent. As an Austrian Count on a yachting voyage (he was careful to keep up his character from the commencement), he gained the acquaintance of all the notables in the place, from the Governor downwards. He was a guest at Government House, and the Governor was a guest on board the Hamlet's Ghost, and it may be supposed that the travelling " nobleman" was not less into- made with the less important people of the place. One of the exciting events of his visit was a race between the yacht and a Dutch revenue cutter the larger vessel of the two). The course was round an island six miles from Koepang. The commander of the cutter made certain of " stopping" the yacht, and had lined the shore with a lot of Malays who were to cheer the conquering hero 418 he came in but the Ghost won the race of twelve miles by twenty minutes, and the Malay hirelings did not cheer. The usual pace of the Ghost was seven or eight knots, but on this occasion, the wind being particularly favourable, she went at a little more than that rate. Visits were paid to the islands round about, but the great event was an excursion, on a large scale, to Rotta, in the Hamlet's Ghost. The Governor and his suite were among the party. It was this trip which to some extent cost the "Count " his liberty, for turning out longer than he had anticipated, it caused him to arrive later at Sears says than he wished. The wind was blowing from the right quarter for a speedy trip when they started, but after the Ghost reached the island it shifted, round, and led to her being eight days absent from Coepang. journey inland was performed by the " Count," accompanied by the Governor's secretary, and a few others, and he met with great favour from the Chief, who wished him to accept a present of 100 ponies. But the Count had not store room or them, and was obliged to decline the present, The secretary, who looked with ii fond eye upon the animals, offered, in the "Count's" absence to take them on his behalf, which offer shocked our "noble" friend's acute sense of Honour, and put him a little out of temper. The stay at Coepang, including this trip lasted sixteen days. One of the principal merchants there-a gentleman seemed Ciss became an acquaintance of the " Count's," hut he appeared to have some suspicions regarding the distinguished visitor. Our informant believes that the Count mortgaged his yacht to Mr. Gosse, for an advance with which to pay his men. It was at Coepang that he left the yacht, the "Count" undertaking to meet him at Batavia, and pay him what was due, besides furnishing him with money to get a passage back to Australia. "AttcmB Stilled little violet for Java, and Won stars afterwards the seamen followed in the mail steamer. It may be remembered, from a paragraph which we quoted a short time ago from a Melbourne paper, giving an account of "Attem's" arrest that there was a hazy allusion to a supposed attack made upon an English schooner by the Ghost. From what we could gather, there was a rift between him and the captain of the schooner on entering port, but it amounted to very little, and there was no firing of guns. The "Count was very fortunate in the weather he fell in with it was particularly fine, and he had a fair wind the whole time. the steamer arrived at Sourabaya five days after the yacht reached there, and the seaman before alluded to made an attempt to see the " Count," hoping, no doubt, to save himself the necessity of going on to Batavia ; but the "Count was on a visit to the interior. There was an advertisement of his in one of the local papers for four A. B. seamen, and also for a guide for an overland journey to Batavia. Our informant went on to that port, and when he got there learned that the Count had been apprehended and put in gaol. As our readers learned a few weeks ago, news of the true character of the traveller reached Sourabaya while he was sojourning here, and he was arrested. A statement appeared in the papers there to the effect that he had committed a fraud upon a Mecklenburg bank to the ,0--itent of £7000 or £8000. It was generally believed here . that the Count" was a German; but at Sourabaya, where we suppose there are better judges, no one thought to was anything of the kind. The impression of some of the crew was that he was a Portuguese or Spaniard, from his frequent use of a certain Spanish oath, when at all put out. and passed himself off as having been in the army, but from what we have been told it seems he did not know how to load one of the deck guns on his yacht, and was as awkward in handling it as a sailor is in managing a horse. He was very kind to most of his men, and faith fully (perforated his promises to them. They had an idea that Austin the mate, who was not on friendly terms with 1 some of the crew, had to some extent been let into the secret as to the "Count's" true position, and on impression prevailed among them that the Count" intended to hand over the ship to them when he reached Java. She was, when lost Been, lying under the guns of the Fort at Sourabaya, and our informant was told at Batavia that she was to be sold by auction in a few days, being expected to bring about £20. U JS not quite certain, that the 22 "Count's" original intention was to make for Batavia, ] because when no left hero he had provided himself with charge of the China and neighbouring seas and it was not till threatening weather compelled him to put into a port north of Brisbane that he procured a chart of the Australian coast. At Coepang he sold all the charts except the one last mentioned. i So much for the late proceedings of a man who, what , over his pretensions to the character he assumed, possessed undoubted cleverness, and succeeded in accomplishing no 1 small amount of swindling during his brief Australian I career, "We suppose the next that will be heard of will be his receiving punishment for his frauds at Sourabaya, or, what is more likely, his being forwarded to Europe, where his largest transactions took place, 