BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The annual meetings of the Baptist Associa tion were commenced on Tuesday evening, October 19, when a public meeting was held in the newly erected hall adjoining the church. There was a good attendance, and the Rev. H. J. Lambert presided. After singing and prayer the Chairman called on the Rev. J. L. Davies to read a paper on "Progress in the Knowledge of God's Truth." The Rev. Mr. Davies having explained that he would not read his paper, but would give the salient points of it in a short address, commenced by remarking that all truth was God's truth, whether natural science, natural religion, or revelation ; but he would confine himself to the knowledge of God himself, and the way of salvation. Human nature of itself was not able to find out God, but God had made a revelation of himself, and that revelation contained all Divine truth. The truths of that Divine revelation had not been entrusted to any one man or order of men, nor had Divine truth been committed to the Church in any exclusive sense. The truth of God was committed to writing by holy men whom the Holy Ghost moved to that end, having been preserved, by the special Providence of God in its course downward. Had God authorised any man or class of men to be the exclusive inter preters of His word ? It devolved on those who claimed to be the exclusive interpreters of God's word to produce the evidence on which their claim was based. He denied that any evidence ever had been or could be brought forward in support of the assertion that God had appointed any man or order of men to be the exclusive interpreters of his truth. All truth was common, and a man's right to search, to investigate, to understand, and to embrace all truth arose from his possessing the capacity of doing so — that was, from his common humanity. So also, when God made a revela tion of His own truth, and embalmed it in writing, He presented it a free gift to the entire human family. And a man's right to read, to investigate, to believe, and to rejoice in that revelation was based on the fact of his being a man. As the sacred Scriptures were the de pository and storehouse of divine truth, it fol lowed that they were the proper and special - objects of study to those who aspired to the knowledge of God. The ends, for which the Church existed in the world were to train up its members in the knowledge of God, and in conformity to the image of His Son, and to communicate a knowledge, of that written revelation with which God had en trusted it to those for whom it was intended, viz., the whole human race. The Church was the school in which the whole company of the redeemed were to be trained for glory, and the knowledge of God was one of the first and most important elements in that training, and in order to enable the Church effectually to fulfil this high vocation, God had supplied it abundantly with the materials for the work. The Church should not neglect to avail itself of all those discoveries and improvements that were made in any department of human know ledge which might assist in elucidating and con firming the word of God, but strive rather to be in advance of the age in all knowledge, and in the application of Christian principles to all the relations and exigencies of human society. Learning was a great means for good, but im portant as it was, let. not any suppose that it was impossible to attain to a high degree of knowledge in the things of God without it. Many had done so. Many thousands of private Christians who possessed no learning had nevertheless been made "wise unto salvation " by prayer and meditation on the Word of God. Bunyan had no book but the Bible in the translation known as the authorised version, and now after two centuries of progress his works were read and valued. Learning was indeed valuable, but it was rather as a substi tute for higher gifts. The chief particular needful for success and progress in the know ledge of God was a sincere desire after God, and a heart set upon finding him. Their teachers should not be fettered and restrained by a regard for the interests of a sect, or party, they should not be regarded as the represen tatives or agents of any sect or connexion, but as the representatives and advocates of God's truth. They had a higher work than that of building up sects, or of vainly attempting to perpetuate human forms of ecclasiastical governments, which a few years ago had no existence, and which in a few years to come would have changed or passed away. The Christian teacher worked for immortality— it was his to build up a kingdom that could not be shaken—to dissemi nate and establish the truth of God, which continued and abided for ever. Give them a free pulpit, a free Bible, and a learned, honest, free, and fearless preacher, and the truth of God— unbound and unfettered— would soar aloft and fill the world with its glory. Give them this in every pulpit, and in due time they would see, not a nominal and formal union, but a real and abiding union, in which all denomina tions would together attain to the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, to whom be glory, world without end. Amen. A discussion ensued, in which several ministers and gentlemen took part, and thanks were unanimously expressed to the Rev. Mr. Davies for his interesting and able address. The Chair man then called on the Rev. Tuck, who read the following paper:— "'The subject of this paper has been given as expressed in three words, ''On- direct effort by our Church members for the conversion of souls.' It is assumed that it is the duty of Church members to seek the conversion of souls. If Church members are also members of Christ then freely they have received, and can anything be more obvious than that -freely they should give to those who still need what they have already ob tained? Freely they have received of the grace of God. They, cannot actually bestow that grace .upon: others, but they, may become means by which it shall be communicated. No thine less is intended when our Lord says— and he; says to all nis disciples— 'Ye are the light of .'the world,' and ' Let-ydur light so shine before, men that they may see your good works, and .glorify your Father who is in Heaven.'. The ' word of God' teaches us that distinguished re wards await those who 'turn.manytorighteouEi 'ness,* and- 'hini that converted a sinner from the error of his way.' It is not prophets or apostles as such, or any class, of official laborers assuph, who are spoken of as being capable of sp.ch'_a work and of receiving such a reward. It is they that turn many to righteousness, no -ecclesiastical- distinction whatever being in ^?tended./ It is simply 'He that converteth,* whether he be a Church member only, or a dea con, an. elder, or a bishop. We regard it ai conclusive that Church, members, as well as iiho'se who hold office in the Church, r may ai agencies -turn, many to righteousness or convert ,:the dinner. from the ?error -of his ways.; and if 'they may do it, 'considering the momentous in terests involved, it must be .their duty to seek ;jfco'^db, if; Bow many there are within our teach who are not converted ! Perhaps we have children, or -very near relativesv'or lri-tfrtiAtff. frierids who are riot converted. - Many whonv. we: are continually seeing, ? whose ^'daalj^ work w.e superintend,, or with -whom- we are continually acting in matters of business^ are not converted, arid unlese theyi^ate.iccnverte3ra!rid' : become ai; 'little'' cfui. dreri.'ttiey canriotiiee\tb.e Eirigdom of God. '/What Toan.we do that peradventure they may fee converted and saved ? In what we have ad vanced we have assumed that Church' member* have it in their power to seek the conversibri of souls.' If they had^not, certainly it would be no part of their duty. ' But they have it in their power. -Christ manifestly: requires hia disciples to seek the conversion of others. He ; wctuld not require them to seek it if they had no way of seeking it.' The fact that God had blessed the efforts of ' sincere Christians in this, 'direction, even'wheri1 they have thernselvea possessed but little strength, little know ledge, and but little aptitude, shows what they liave in their power to do with God's bless.-, ing; 'Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings He has perfected praise.' Ail are not capable; of the same kind of effort, but all are capable* : of doing: something. We are all capable of letting pur light shine before men, i.e., all are capable of . manifesting and commending tha truth. of.' God' by a truly Christian example. Now. we should earnestly endeavor to culti vate a Christian' spirit arid manifest a correct Christian example,: not only- for our own peace and welfare, but with a view to attraot the attention of others to religion,. and draw them into -the paths '''of religion. 'A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump.' Some may say 4his isjonlyiridireot effort, and that of aqurseall are doing.: We say it is the first step in direct effort, and- we say. all are not doing it. We must , express our fear that a large proportion . of -us, .are not taking any pains to develop and unfold the Christian life for the sake of others. We to© often do it exclusively for ourselves, having little concern for the spiritual need ef others,. and. not seeking to exert an influence upon them which may save them. We should bring Christ down from above by our own Christian-like behavior, that others may see Him for themselves, and when they get a fairvievr of Him, they may be asked with some fone of reason, will :ye also be His disciples? Will they not begin to ask it of themselves % Now^ this would be letting in the light upon tha darkness of others. This would be affirming ta them that they might read for themselves an epistle of Christ, written not with ink j bat with the spirit of . the living God, and where our speech would be contemptible, this epistla of a Christian life would tie weighty and powerful. Now, whether we call this a direct effort of not. it is the kind of effort that is the most effective. Nor is '-any other kind of effort of much use unless ' pre ceded by this. We may be able to write pathetic letters, and say very pointed things to unconverted people, and supply them with an endless number of appropriate religious tracts ; but it will be no match for a 'lioly Christian life — a life which we endeavor to live more and more that we oarselves may be life to the dead. The world is very dark^ brethren ; let us arises and shine, and be tbjs dark world's light.' Masy. many, are dead, let us erect above thenx tbal living power of a Christian example that they? may l^ve. - There are various, modea of direct Christian effort which we should, us© as we so* able, or occasion may require. A word spolrea in its season, how good J Haw often sueh sea sons occur, arid if we did but recognise them arid grasp the opportunity for speaking the word which would put them in the right place, how much preqious seed we might sow which would live and abide for ever. Perhaps we often 'say serious and, important things out of place. Some inferior motive prompts us to speak. Sometimes for appearance sake we think w«» must speak when it would be more upright «£ us not to speak, and it wouli be wise of VA*-9fc; to speak; but .there are occasions, n-^i a few, which ought to stu; up our hearts and; impel us, to speak earnestly an 1 solemnly 9# things which, pertain, to the soul's salva^on. The atEictiuna. which are common to, sJj| men we think mer^ especially afford jjhe opcasioris we have spoken, of. How often, and, how easily we may find oar way to the house'of mourniug, or to^apme scene : of anxiety and trouble, and if tee work skill fully and tender./ there is 'good hope that ouc ?words wJU-{)ietr£all to the ground? TiSretlirea, visit iVe 'widow and 'fe fatiierle881'in their affliction, vMtthebereaved-of -every class, -visit tta^who-are Jn want and adversity,, visit the aSPRii do nojt Jalk to theiri 'j» pijicJi!Sboflt TblsSe Iggstraeyof Providehcft, Ptd^^i^^xmvili on, she fluty of snbmiraidn 'or'the Benefit of action, but rather _g«f3oiftf irij^them^tQ the'depth of .their BOttow; forthetuaiB make iihmr trouble your own that- you may do it effectually ; ^recall .your £flRi .. griefs, ' live over jKgtiln those tours wheX. death severed1 some of your holiest and tenderest ties;; or when misfortune or falsehood or deceit on the part ©f others- hoboed you ;pf;.;youf own and -left j»u desolate. ; -Suffer fwitli ihem, and there tell jthenvthat, $$& Lpafeeth,' that He doth not afflict ^willingly.; -tliatj He chastens for our F^J'''1S?*v*-?*W«' ^me to bind up the broken 'nearfed^ih^He ,113s borne theit griefs and carried $heir sorrows; that having suffered, beingtriedy fie 1b able to succor them that are faied. :Tell ihem how in their affliction He $t$n3s 'at* . the rdoor and knocks, and desires J-eace aJid.frieridship to be established between .them.; By such means, with the blessing-roftjie Holy Spirit, you may lead their souls Sj God. TEe afflictions of human life afford a' wiry imoe «cope for direct Ghristian effort, an^ l%(Bphere an rwhich our labors may'lMi tpjlowed by jgreat Jesuits. _. We .,inay XjVMfti'tja&'liaii 'ihat .tract difitribution^gordB „ great facififcyrf 6X get -tingat the poorer classes, and Church members jof age and experience. more! especially; would find great encouragement in tiuftpe of effort!. Christian. . parents ana jieads jo^buseholSs -*ught to make direct, earnest, prayerfuleffori ™r.*S^«^V«™«n of chilgi^arid^embers pi their families j and 'jif such asked us what' 'to dairitha view to ibj^weshould*ay, first leave . off ta do what is hindering their conversion ; leave off your irritability and impatience, which at once , repels . them : from you, and -makes sometimes your religious profession-look hideous; leave offyour excessive levity, which makes them thmk that ^pMtualmindedness is put a; farce ^ . leave off. your \wordliness and joovetousness, and needlessly expensive habits, which make them.wonder what you mean when ?.you, talk . about- not being conformed ' to tliis world; leave off your backbiting, : winch mates them ridicule a profession of Christian love ; leave .off your .disparaging your.: minister, ;*nd; running .down Ms sermons,* which yon were too careless to understand, toV worldly minded to appreciate, . whereby you , haye .often destroyed hopeful iinpressionB, perhaps made J»y those' same sermons! . ; .If /you \- would _ : seek - to . convert your .. households, *j3q things yourselves meet ' for_ repentance, .fad j»ray without ceasing for their Hsbnver Kaion-— practically describe toj them the ^path .oj^ithe , just, let them tee : in you 1 that 'shining iftight Swch shlneih^niore jind more; unto the . jterf ecjt^y, and 'then with some force .you may -Bay-^them-T-and you ought to say it to^them— j,we ju&i; journeying . to -the place of which Gtod _4liathsaid, *I will give it. you. '.'.-Opine with'us ^and we wittdo you good. If we *mpfey others ?in our business we Incur a responsibility fin -lespect to them. . We 'are , debtors . to' them is much as.Paul was a debtor to Greeks and bar barians. We are bound to endeavor to the ut most to -give them correct impressions of religion for the purpose of enlisting them on its^side, and to speak what our own heart's believe when circumstances op^n^or us a^door of utterance. Such responsibilities .beset- -as, in every rela tion' of life, and' seeking to' win. souls is without doubt the jiuty^of all who have found peace for. themselves. ^ThieiriiMl of .effort we put r. forth mnst be according to the exigencies of the ease'; but this we can do in all cases. ''This we ire bound to . do—it ris the least we can 'do. '.Wg can be light- bearers to others by walking in the light ourselves, and approving ourselves as children of the light. We are always exert ing an Influence upon othera for good or for ,evjL .Why should it not be whpHy for good? Why not always serve our generation according to the will of God? : We are not' our Town. We are bought with a price; not silver or gold, but the precious blood of tJhris't: What it Jias done for us should incite us to do ©ur ntmostin BEs service ;^nd an essential part .of 'tfiat service is seeking to bring others to Him. ~Wfi cannot labor fin. vjiiii^. 'though ire know little or nothing: about ^results now. Our Works will follow, as whenwe rest.. from our labprs, and will be declared in those whom 'Ve ?jhave been the means, of pleading to the throne of God, and who shall be our joy and ourcrown for ever. Therefore, beloved brethren, be steadfast, immovable, always 'abounding in the wprk -of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord.' At the concluBion^a,'diBcussion'took place, in which the speakers detailed, ins tances in their own lives, illustrating the best 'manner of ac complishing the object sought. The meeting closed with singing ]and prayer. ? ; : ?'- ''The ^mnal meetings aof jtbis Association 'were iodntinued on WednesdayJ October 20, whenat half-past 10 a devotional -meeting was held in 'thefelladj6iningthe-Jhurch. aSxercises rof a 'devotional aatuxe having been engaged in,- $he ^tev.r H. J. . iiambert, after a few appropriate ?riemarks. vacated the position of Ohairman held by him during the past yBar,-! and made way for *he Eey. 3. L. EfiBSGHB.Jwho delivered thefol-f lowing 'addre8S':-^-Jf Fathers -and Brethren— I loccupythis chair to-day because;! have been rinvitedto;do bo: by' the Executive . of the Asso relation. I do -not thinkiihei-est possible choice iiaa been: made? but I -iiave accepted (the posi tion, and shall not therefore indulge jn self - laudation under the mask jof professions of un 1 fitness. So, ;withjihe brief preface that jE-trust our meetings this^year may^be devout in tone, practical in cnaracterT^and 'stimulating in their ?ffects, I shallot once-proeeed with «iy address, the subject of whichlis^Si'me of the minor hindrances to the progress of Christianity.' I have chosen the jninor rather than-the major -Mndrances .from V the/ conviction that being more , numerous, frequently overlooked, and (generally regarded as insignificant, they are \- really .the more important, Idolatry, Atheism, .Pwpery, Superstition, JBationalism,, Unbelief, ^Hypoerisy, are iot easily missed as ob ^jitacles; tetha progress of .the Gospel, and they are often made . themes for earnest coud jcA r and . warning, ', Bob the lesser hindrances, though a great army, are. disregarded and un jneiitioHed. I quietly assume that the'Gbspel ?tan be hindered. I shall not even skirmish in to^ld thwloglc.battle-gronnd, where the cham pions of Divine Sovereignty and of Human Free Will have waged their, bitter warfare. The Apostle Paul's authority justifies the ^assump Spo. '.-. He gave ip privileges and endured the loss of all things 'fist 'he ehould Tiinder the Jgospelof Christ? 'H he could' binder the Gofpel it CMLbe hindered by us. If he denied lumielf lawful rights and made sacrifices to avoid hindering the Gospel, we should do the wane. We are exposed'to the same danger and .are^bpuhd by the *ame obl^gjation. As a matter ,pjt!fapttbe Gospel is hindered by us all. We ?and efforts, and say, .'IWebAye helped ike Gos pel.' \^3^^afMi^hpf0t'w»^^^Q^ of^pvac inconsistencies, . . unbelief, . -jand indolence,' ' ' we . .saould say, ' We liave iindered Ithe. GospeT-— * the difference between what we aujjht be and: might have done, and #hat we 'are and have accomplished,, being , the ..extent to which we have 'impeded rthe f work, of- ..sancti fication in our own souIb and. thekLag-^ ! dom of :€hrist —in -~i3ie-~world? Some ofi these hindrances are. placed in the way of; the Gospel by its ministers.' S'br the sake of disarming criticism, as-well as for convenience^ . of arrangement, I snail begin with them. The 1 Bepiratehess, the ^distinction* of order, --which ministers often assume and maintain, belongs to' ' rtbis class;' Tjet no one for a moment euppose ^thatlamaPlyinouthist. I recognise, and, at fitting times, magnify mine office as- of divine appointment and Integral part of the Christian vystem. - The separateness to which I refer in a -whisper of priestliness— afa:nt echo of apostolic succession^ tm~, tm attemptsto: keep -up, as vital, the distinction between the daricus and the rftrfciMi Of course the nature of; the minister's 'dutiesinYiests him with reverence, and should seenre him nspect.: . He is to be esteemed very. bigblyin love for iufliroik'fl sake. But there can be no doubt'he loses influence just in the. proportion that he removes himself from the 1 sphere of common life. ?. If he hedge himiwif about with reserve, bis experiences are supposed D?J#?^ofe3.^m:^c'jBj^rwS5to '#faer -%&&? tians - ok account 5of- htBuoloDe, he is-- thought to::iwi?-l«-; ia an orbiti of iuB ora. .He be comes; -in ;f act, «n- official. IM» is a'func tionary ;- ?who- prays, preaches, administers Oftiinancss.'Jburies, and marries ; bnt- he is not felt to be a brother exposed to the same tempta tions ? and' sorrows as the ; humblest of his hearers. - A certiin degree of isolation is forced upon 'ministers. There are many Protestants who -'.regard their '^minister very much as the Papist regards his priest— and pastor as well as presbyter may be but old priest writ large. There ^are ?over-reverential ' people who ; will persist in losing sight of the jnan in the office; But often ministers cultivate a distinctive superiority as a safeguard and a -source of' authority. A good brother belonging to another denomination, tor whom I was once, going to preach, urged me to wear his gowa, giving as bis reason, 'You know -we can't afford, to despise these things. This is a levelling age, and they keep up our position.' I told him at the time! thought it was a mistake.. I think it a mistake now. Oar office is spiritual, ojir work is spiritual, our authority is spiritual. We lare not priests in -any other sense than that in which all believers are priests. We claim no sacramental authority. We have not even the ^gtnent of .ordination -at the Ohands of a man who thinks he has by. xlirect transmission from the JLpostles some occuli authority for saying, 'JJeoeive ye the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest of God now com mitted unto' thee - by the imposition of . our hands.' That is an imposition in quite another sense. Overseers, bishops (Episkopor), are made not by man, but by the Holy Ghost (Acts xx.j 28). They are not nominated by .another bishop, but are electsd by the Church, which recognises the presence and working of the; Holy Ghost in them. 3Bven the Apostles did : not ordain (in the sense of appoint by virtue of : authority) ,the elders. Ckeriotoneo, the word i used in -Acts xiv., 23, literally means to 'hold out the hand,'jand proves that the elec tion was. by suffrage. - The electing body is ' clearly the Church, and the Churches are to . determine -*who are to be their elders or .bishops. ? And 'the more .believers ore convinced that we are nop above them but o/ them, the more will they trnst our. teaching and reverence us. . And if we cannot win their «on- . fidence and maintain our position without cloth Ing 'and millinery, -without gowns and bands, apronB and cassocks, and other ecolesiasiacal ; fripperies and fopperies^ the sooner we are ?eon- ? signed to -tiie lumber-room of wotn-oilt things the better. Our true foundation ;is. not the superstitious, but the intelligent affection of. the peopled 'Our usefulness depends upon our being trusted, upon our having the sympathies of those to: nrhoniPwe' «toinisteiv ' And ? every i badge ~wf yrpax, eyery mannsrism ,we adopt, every exception we~make or take, 'separates us : from our; fellowrmen, lessens, our influence, and so hinders the GospeV of Christ. Jealousy of reach other is another hindrance placed in the ^ayr9f Jther.Gospel .by^ i^s ministers. Pitiable ; 'but most deplorable idstances of this abound even among those who helong to the same de nomination, hold, the same opinions, and preach ; the same, doctrines. The success of Christianity '? is lost sight of in the interests of a particular Church. The salvation of souls is made a secondary matter to insisting upon some real or fancied rights or complaining of some miserable personal flight. More successful laborers are systematically depreciated, and their inodes ot action, .'however 'efficient, are' condemned. Indeed, it is rather wonderful to hear some of the ingenious ways in which the success of the successful is accounted for by some of the unsuccessful. There is nothing in their preach ing, that is mere claptrap or -nylk and water. Their* .zeal is fanaticism run mad. Their : promptitude anddeternunation are rashness and self-sufficiency. And their .usefulness is ascribed to anything but to love of souls and fitness for and consecratipn to their work. The result of this unmanly detraction is most disastrous. The great aimy of the Cross, instead of march ing on. in resistless unity, led by officers, animated by one common spirit, is split up intolittle rival* companies of Ishmaelites, whose; hands are against every man's, and every man's hand is against them. Our order is charged— and I think with justice— with most of the divisions that have rent the body of Christ.1: Nearly .all the great schisms have originated in petty personal piijues between party leaders. Charitable, large-hearted judgment of the: brethren has never teen a common ministerial ' .lirtue. And it is vain to hope for a united Church' till we have a'united ministry-— till ministers ? practice towards each other that love which enviethjiot, wMch thinketh no evil, and which : doth not behave itself unseemly.' The. Want; of the Accent of. Conviction in Preaching is another ' hiddrance. ??This may proceed' from; Wither of two causes.- ^Ministers .sometimes do not believe what thfy preach ; *sometioies for maHty iiakea them p^rfanctory. New, if there; be jiot faith' there : should hot be preaching. : 5ne' Sbripture; rule is, * ,We beUeve, ahd^erc-i /ore speak.J. But the accent of conviction is \\)ften wanting -where faith, exists. Through incessant talking, divorced from careful cul tivation -of the Spiritual life', ministers become; mere sermon-machines and praying-whfeels. ; Tfae same subject is disdussed-'so often that the - 'utteranbe ^iid' the' words are' both stereotyped. ' The tones are -unconyincing, the emphasis is: artificial, the emotion is forged.' The result is! that .'.Oh dear, dear, loot' of utter want of interest7 of which 'Dean Alford speaks as dis tressingly obvious in so many congregations/ 'F-ir hearers know when -& preacher isinsincere; and unearnest. His words then' are only words.: The tympanum receives certain sounds, but the isoulneitherthrillsDpr stirs. ; There maybe thun-; der, but there is no'ughtningj-thefe maybe light,: but' there is no heit ; there- may ba thought,; but -there is no emotion. When this accent of conviction is lost great alterations should be; made, in modes of preparation and delivery to recover it. For it is better to make the soul feel- the trutti than to 'delight the fancy with word-pictures, delicately-turned tropes, and. dainty poetry^ .pr Jp^gratify tiie^ intellect with freshness of style and cogency 'of argument. These need not b,e unreal, but if theyarej rougl sentences— fresh -from Jthe'heart, and eloijuent jdth cpnvictipn^yare' far more tffdetive. Few jndeed' of the : preabhers who have won souls have been ' either masters* of - composition'' or brilliant orators, ^hitefefeld -had a/inaguifi cent voice, but Ms sermons; were ''-most, com monplace7-at any l-ats, those published are. Yet, when with' passionate . earnestness he described the sinner as a blind traveller on the -edgeof. a precipice;, with but a step be tween hint and destruction, even' the1 icy -Jbe3r terfield forgot his adamantine .maxims, and cried out, 'For God's sake, save him, Wbitfield,? Jonathan- ?^dwards, thongh a profound logician j Was utterly, destitute of oratorical accomplish^ ments. : Se read his sermons, holding' the manuscript close to his eyes, and used scarcely any action. Yet, when he- delivered that sermon on the ?'text, 'Their feet shaU slide in due time,' ^so-vehement ? was. Ms realization of the -peril- of the wicked, . that; as he preachedj the people crowded into the aisles, and, in the agony of fear, dung to the pillars of the chapel, last -they should slip into perdition. It is this iccentof ^conviction which produceB-con'verEipn; It is Odd-inspire^ and it is God-honored. Rhetoric, brilliant declamation,.. imagery may dazzle, may imn. applause ? but. the difference between reality and acting is soon discovered. A preacher iinp[s himself on the hearts of his hearers as a coin is rung upon the counter. If %e Wgennine/theimDre he jsTuog the more is bis genuieness made- apparent ; but if he be counterfeit, the higher his flights the sooner - andUhe surer is he detected. My brethren, if our spiritual life be depressed, let us, cry for the revivifying influences of the Holy Spirit. If we 3mve lost the keen realization of the truth, . ?let kis'Sy.- prayer gettit'. as a gift:frbm God, ?' and speak it out with ringing clearheBS in the ears of meh.' It is the wait ~ of this that ex j-lains, empty pews,' yawning congregations, lukewarm^Churches, and— so far as tEat which is human ' can —the absence ' of conversions. I ' turn now to the Church.' Here hindrances abound,' and the difficulty is to select 'the most obstructive. There can be no doubt, however, that .Gossip is jone. .The love of a little private information, even of dear friends, is a human infirmity. It is unhappily a' common Church characteristic. The eagerness with which per sonal tittle-tattle is pounced upon, treasured' up, and repeated is as remarkable as it is mischievous. , ^'or gossip; feeds 'only: on gar bage, and circulates only what is damaging. Its customary 'prefaces are— 'Can ^ you tell me if it is true?' or, '.By the way, have you heard?'1- And. then, follows the painful domestic secre', the distressing sociai scandal, or -the sad Church inconsistency, which in- ? -half an hour is repeated, and that night-is the property and talk of a dozen households. Gossip is a serious hindrance to the progress of the Gospel. Ministers', reputa tions are tattled away. Elders and deacons are whispered -out of their usefulness. Churches are torn in pieces by the wagging of that little member which nothing bat the grace of God can tame. Very often no evil is intended ; there is no desire to-do mischief,' nor to beunkind — it is mere love of listening to other people's matters and retelling them. It is said that whenever Hannah More was told anything derogatory of ano her her invariable reply was, ' Come, we will go and ask if that be true ?' The effect was sometimes ludicrously painf uL The tale-bearer was taken aback, stammered put a qualification, or begged that no notice might be taken of the statement. But the good lady was inexorable — off she took the scandalmonger .to the scan dalised to make enquiry, and to compare ac counts. How much mischief similar conduct would prevent here where we know just too much and too little of one another. How many a busy body's occupation would be lost ! How many a wound the Christian conscience would be spared 2 How many a schism the Church would escape. Closely allied with gossip, only worse in nature, though not worse in its effects,, is Censoriousness. The love of finding fault is universal. Not a few pride themselves upon being able to pick plans, -systems, and reputa tions to pieces. The fault-finder has obtained access to every Church. He disturbs the meet ings ; he seems discontent ; he is always ready with an objection. But, as all human proposi tions and work are imperfect, it is very easy to discover faults in them. And to have a needle eye for detecting mistakes and failings is neither a grace nor a gift ,of the spirit. The office of charity is not to strip the poor fault of every fig-leaf of excuse and make it ran naked ; it is to cover it up and wrap it warm in the mantle of love. Nor is it a sign of con scientiousness to nibble at and take excep tion to every project that is -proposed, and to censure everything tnat lias been done. There are some who, because they cannot have, perfection are pleased with nothing. They make the best the enemy df the good. They would try td pick a hole' in perfection itself* They are the plagues of our Churches. One of them will mar the peace of a ; whole denomina tion. It is a'habit to be guarded against ; it is a hindrance to be removed. In this enumera tion we must not overlook Parsimoniousness. As Christianity is 'constituted 'money is indis pensable. The divine law is' that the material resources needful for its propagation are to be the free-will offerings of believers. Yet it is to be feared that no side .of the Christian cha- racter is so defective, no duty is so systemati cally neglected, as that of giving. ? Nothing, indeed, makes one so ashamed of the current profession of Christianity as its financial aspect. Our overdrafts, our debts', our collections, our offerings, \ our donations, our artifices* to get money are a disgrace to the GospeL The principles and practices of -the great majority of ' Christians with ' regard to money con tributioas are deplorable. Every week re yeals:it. ? A -3hurch member is heard pray ing with wonderful fervor for- the conversion of the heathen. A«v him for a £5 note to send out a missionary, and he shuffles, makes paltry excuses, and refuses — not because he cannot afford it, but because he loves his money a great deal more than he loves the souls of the \ heathen. Another expresses in the abstract : his unshaken confidence in- the promises of ; God. Ask Tiinfr for a sovereisfn towards some philanthropic object, and remind him ' that he Who hath pity. on the poor lendeth unto the Lord, and that which he -hath given will He pay him again.'' How quickly he pulls out his watch! How- suddenly he remembers he has a pressing eagagement ! He will see you about it .again. Ah, but he does not invest the pound, and put the promise to the test. A third sor rowfully laments' the neglect and ungodliness everywhere manifest. Bring out a subscription book, and say :— '? We are building a church or a schobl-room^o check it. What may I put ?down your name for?' In a moment he tells you there are too many churches and schools already ; or else he overwhelms you with the story of his past losses, or the gloomy prospects of the future. I am not plead- . ing for wasteful extravagance in building-, nor for excessive salaries for ministers. I ask for efficient organizations. I ask that instead of one half of the Church's time being spent in paying off debts which ought -not to exist, we; may have our energies free for spiritual labor. ?I ask that . Christians, instead of giving beg garly contributions, and screwing down their weekly offerings to the last possible liinit, will give to God liberally, bountifully, royally, and curtail their- expenditure on dress, on style, on amusements to do so. I ask for the wealth of the rich' and the mites of the poor for thef trea sury of the Lord, and in quite another propor tion to that -commonly accepted. .% ask that gifts may be according to the prosperity granted ; and when that is done,;~we shall not have to din and dun and expostulate ; for overdrafts and debts of churches will be as great curiosities as mastodons and dodos, and all Will belong to a past age. I had noted down several other hindrances upon which, if -time had permitted, ' I would have spoken. Prejudice, which is a bitter spring, poisoning the -sweet stream of spiritual life ; fashion and love of display, which are the fatal decoys to worldliness of heart and life ; indolence that turns away with folded hands from the white harvest fields ; selfin dulgence, which considers ease, personal com fort before duty ; timidity, which loses golden opportunities through fear of lions in the way ; sestheticism, which exalts taste both above de votion and truth'; silence where there should be speech; and speech where there should be silence. I pass these by with bare mention, and- come in conclusion to the Inordinate Worship of Wealth and Position,, and the. craving for respectability,' which is despiritual isingand emasculating the Church. Respecta bility is the Great Dianaof modern Christianity. If a new beatitude were discovered there could not' be a more general conviction nor a* cry louder than — ' Blessed - are the reBpeci table T Eespectability has come fo be the test of success ; and fidelity to Christ,, consistency, and belief ate subordinated toit. In the days' of our Lord the sign of thedivinityof theGospelwas that the poor had it preached to themT and that the common people heard it gladly. Eighteen cen turies have wrought a strange change. Now the evidence relied upon to convince doubters- of its onward progress is that. the rich and the great listen to its message. The minister who can boast. of influential people who come in their carnages, and who numbers an Honorable or two, a few members of Parliament,, and a Mayor, is; called amost sucoessful man, with a very prosperous 'cause,' even though conver sions are as rare as showers in summer. But the minister whose congregation is drawn from the lower stratum of the middle class and the poor, though hundreds are converted under his preaching, is half-contemptuously spoken of, oven by Christians, as *a very useful man no doubt,- doing a great deal of good — very earnest, very rousing ; our servants go there, and you. know they require that sort of thing.' Why, this is exactly what the ' upper classes' thought about the Christ Himself. Respectabili'y would have nothing to do with Him, because none of the rulers had believed in Him. And re spectability now will only acknowledge that form and kind of Christianity which fashion -and rank ' sanction. Respectability does not believe : ''much- in conversions, or in any -decisive and aggressive efforts; neither can it enjoy prayer meetings where a godly but' unlettered man tries to make known ' our wants to God, ' Respectability can overlook a glaring inconsistency, but it is terribly shocked at a mispronunciation. It can tolerate a breach in the moral l&w;, but not one of etiquette. It can find great delight in the society of a Chris tian who has surrendered all his spirituality, but none in that of one who drops his'h's.' Respectability likes to go to a fashionable rout ,on Monday, to 'the Taces on Thursday, to the : theatre onSaturday. night,. and whispers to the world, 'Iloyeyou; I; am your friend.' Then on Sunday it comes to the House of God and says, '! am a friend of God; 1 love the Father,* as though it had never been written^ 'If any man love tbe world, the love of the Father is not in him,J and * Whosoever will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God.' 'Respec tability does not 6elect its place of worship from considerations of truth or spiritual profit. The question it asks is not ' What is believed and preiched?' but 'Who attend?' And res pectability goes where the fine people go. It leaves the church where the poor predominate, even though its first religious impressions were received under the ministry there, and is quite proud to sit down in a back, seat behind the leaders of fashion — ' 'The influential sinners Who rent the highest pews.' People who will foe respectable will surrender principle, convictions, and conscience for re spectability. They do despite to the Spirit, they are disloyal to Christ, they wrong their own souls to belong to a respectable Church, where they cannot speak of what they do believe, and where they are compelled te sanc tion by their presence and silence what they do not believe. In this age respectability is a temptation that besets us all It is a danger that threatens every Church. The world is determined to be religious. . It has set its heart upon getting the sanction of religion. But it can only get what it wants by making Chris tianity worldly. It wants to patch up. a peace. It says to Christianity — ' You come with me in the week to my balls and races and theatres, and lend me your countenance, and I'll come to your churches on Sunday, and patronise your bazaaxs and ragged schools.' And if Chris tianity do not reply — : 'Between me and thee there is a great gulf fixed. I may not come over lest I become like thee and lose the likeness ef my Lord,' the line between the Church and the world will be completely ob literated. We -must indeed ' take heed that we do not grow respectable;' for any denomina tion that gets that title is not far off its 'funeral sermon.' Already we 'have' gone further than'fidelity or safety warrants. A de termined stand must be made. ' The alternative before us is the approval of Christ or the ap proval of the world. And in order to show that we love the Lord Jesus, we must forego much that is lawful, because it is neither ex pedient nor safe. Puritanism of the sourest and dismallest type is better than a liberalism tliat makes 'light have communion with dark ness, and Christ concord with BeliaL' I hope £ shall not be misunderstood, I am not mak ing an indiscriminate assault upon wealth and position. Wealth is undoubtedly a great talent ; riches are an immense power ; and the influence of those who . stand in the front ranks, regulating the movements which affect society, is to be desired for the GospeL A wealthy Christian can do what a poor one cannot do. But Christianity must not be hawked about to get the leaders of society to patronise it. Christianity cannot accept, and must not receive their' patronage if their Iive3 are at variance with its precepts. Dives must not be put upon our religious Com mittees because be is Dives, and ' can give a large donation. Rank must not be asked to take the chair at our meetings because he has a title. Respect must be had to consistency and fitness. Wealth and nobility, with piety, are in their proper places presiding over our 'Christian Societies. But no amount of money, and no historic splendor of name, and no degree of prestige or success, justifies the invi tation of a man of un-Christian life to patronise Christianity. And when it is done, they who do it deserve what the Committee of the Nor wich Bible Society got when it asked the sport ing Earl' of Oxford to take the chair at its annual meeting. In reply to the Secretary, the Earl wrote the following note : — 4 Sir — I am sur prised and annoyed at the contents of your letter — surprised because my well-known character should have exempted me from such an ap plication ; annoyed because it obliges me to lave this communication with you. I have long . been addicted to the gaming- table. I have lately taken to the turf. I fear I frequently 'blaspheme. I have never distributed religious tracts. All this was well known to you and to your Society, notwithstanding which you think me a proper person for your President. May God forgive your hypocrisy. I would rather live in the land of tinners than with such saints.— lam. &c.;, Obfoed. May, 1867.' The candor of that nobleman is to be admired, however much Ma moral condition is to be deplored. He had a truer sense of consistency than that lackey-spirited Committee . who thought rank a sufficient set-off to blasphemy, and. titled ungodliness a compliment to the Word of God. How ashamed of themselves they must have, been when these incisive, sentences were fread out for their common edification. ' And how I close. I have enlarged, upon this last for it is the most serious. The intelligence from England shows that this determination to be respectable is threatening to destroy the spiritual life of the city Churches.- They are becoming so wordly in tone and act that vital godliness is imperilled. The same thing is here. Let us watch and pray that we enter not into temptation. The Lost thing to be said is the necessity of unflinching Christian faithfulness to Christ, to the Word, to conscience. It is not isolated acts, but the habit of fidelity that is required — fidelity in the littlo as well as the great — for he who is faithless in that which is least will, when the temptation is strong enough, be faithless in that which is greatest ; and it is only he who removes the minor hindrances from the way of the Gospel who has the guarantee that he will never obstruct its progress with the major ones. He ' 'Who keeps no guard upon himself is flack, And rots to nothing at the -next great thaw.' The circumstances and the times demand a thorough and personal consecration on the part of Christians. There. must be sincere and de cisive piety. Consistency must be worn and protected as a jewel of costliest worth. We must be altogether for Christ. A half-hearted homage, a paitid surrender, a fitful service, a lukewarm love will not suffice. Body, soul, in tellect, life, influence, time, talent, affection, must all be laid upon the altar, awaiting the descent of the fire from heaven. The rest will follow. The Holy Ghost shall endue us with power from on high ; and the Gospel, having all hindrances removed from its way, winged by faith, wafted by prayer, and accredited by con sistency, shall go singing through the lands till stranger ears and alien hearts have heard and understood its wondrous message of love. Then praise shall rise from full hearts, daily prayer shall be as incense, the lifting up of the hands as the evening sacrifice till ' * God's millenial morn shall rise On. happy hearts and blessed eyes.' Meantime each believing and obedient heart may take up the supplication ef faith — Few; years, no wisdom, no renown, Only my life can I lay d -wn ; Only my-heart, Lord to thy throne I bring, and pray ; A child of thine I may go forth, And spread glad tidings through tHe earth. And teach sad hearts to know Thy worth ! Lord, here am I. Make Thou me strong ; that staff and stay, And guide and guardian, of ths way, To Theeward I miy bear each -day, Some fainting souL Speak, for I hear ; make pure in heart, Thy face to see; Thy truth impart ?? = In hut and hall, in church and mart ! . Lord, here am I. - ' -. I ask no heaven till earth be Thine, No glory crown while work of mine Remaineth here ; when earth shall shine Among the stars ; Her sins wiped out, her captives free, Her voice a music unto Thee, For crown, new work give Thou to me ! Lord, here um I.'' The Rev. S. Mead, iji moving a vote of thanks to Mr. Parsons, said he thought the ad dress should go forth as the unanimous voice of ?he meeting. (Hear, hear.) Of course they c juld not all put their names to it — (laughter) — j but he should like it known that it was the | united feeling of the whole body. (Sear, hear.) The Rev. J. Price seconded, observing that the address was mainly divided into two parts, one referring to ministers and the other to the Church, He felt that the first was peculiarly adapted to him, and he was sorry when Mr. parsons turned to the other poriion ; but he soon found that the second part applied to him equally as much as the first. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He took that opportunity of thank ing God for sending them men who would lead them, and who would be instrumental in the sal vation of souls. (Hear, hear.) The Revs. Messrs. Daniels, Day, Lambert, and Messrs. Thomas and Shaw supported, the latter observing that education had not been treated on in the paper. The Rev. Mr. Mead explained that this was a separate matter, and would come on at another stage of the meeting. Thejs^maas passed, and the Rev. Mr. Parsons having rerarned thanksj the meeting adjourned till the afternoon. ANNUAL EEPOBT. On reassembling, the Rev. S. Mead Tead thfe annual report, as follows : — ' We present you to-day with the sixth annual report of the Baptist Association. We are fully persuaded that this Association has increased in _ power each successive year. We believe that it is to day stronger than ever. We are thankful to know that it possesses, to a very large extent, the confidence' and sympathy of our. Churches. May it become, under the blessing of God,_an agency for increased usefulness in promoting His glory. With humility of heart it becomes us to acknowledge that the past year has not been one of special success in the leading of sinners to the Saviour. We need a richer endowment of the gifts of the Spirit. For this end we would suggest the desig nation of a day when We may all, either in a private or ' public manner, lay this matter before the Lord, and pray for 'greater things.' We have also to acknowledge that our pro gress in taking up new spheres of labor has not been great. New chapels have been erected, or are being erected, at Norwood, Ingle wood, Stockpdrt, Tarleej Saddleworth, Eden Valley, and G*wler ; the chapel at MagUl has been en larged. Moreover regular worship is sustained in other places newly entered upon, which are without chapels. One place -of Worship at Port Lincoln we have nos used. A church has been organised at Inglewood. Work of an evangelistic character has been carried on during the year. Mr. R. Parkin, formerly minister of the Magill Church, has been sus tained as an Evangelist. TTii; labors have been blessed, and the Committee have full confi dence in his earnestness and zeaL Mr. John N. : Sicks has been sustained as a student. He has worked at his studies with satis factory diligence and success. Chiefly on this ground, it has not been judged needful to subject him to the usual formal examination. In preaching he has had tokens of the divine blessing. By the establishment of the Ade laide Theological College, the Committee of the Association will' be relieved of the respon sibility of ditecting the' studies of those who may devote themselves to the work of the ministry; nevertheless a close relationship must exist between the two ~ Committees. The Baptist students will be - expected to throw themselves as heartily into the general work of the Association as heretofore. ' Moreover, the Committee of the Association will be asked for a liberal pecuniary contribution to the funds of the College. In the fullest sense, we hope the Committee of the College, while, occupying an Independent position, wifl be thoroughly one with the Association. We commend thiscollege move ment to the sympathies of the denomination at Large. U may be best here to make allusion to our denominational magazine, Truth and Progress, which is now near the end of the second year of its publication. We are glad that there has been no necessity for an appeal to be made for gratuitous contributions, in order to its susten tation. As to its character and usefulness during tne present year, there are not wanting evidences which yield us satisfaction and awaken gratitude. We are thankful that it has been a medium foi the ministration of truth fitted to edify. , We have a fair number of subscribers in Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. Letters received from the last-mentioned colony during the last few days prove that it is read there with much interest, and is looked upon as an organ which may be rendered service able for. the expression of the varied aspects of Christian truth. We are far from think ing the magazine all it may be made as a power for good, and hope that under a new editorship it may become increasingly efficient. In former reports Gawler has been more than once referred to. The indications of the Divine approval of the work there have been manifold. ? A decided step has now been taken in securing a good site, and in the erection of a chapel thereon ; this will, we think, tend to give per manency and definiteness to the cause. We hope a minister will be located there within a. few months. The settlement of the Rev. J. L. Parsons at North Adelaide yields us sin cere pleasure, and we have been glad to welcome the Rev. Mr. Kingdon, lately arrived, and hope*he may usefully labor among us. Wei think it becoming to acknowledge the pecu niary assistance rendered by a generous friend of all Christian efforts. But for such a liberal contribution we should have been much crippled in our movements. We must still urge all our friends to help this Ascociation to the utmost of their ability, consistently with other claims. The increased number of ministers in and near Adelaide renders it possible for us to have a more equable division of labor of a general denominational character than has hitherto pre vailed. In the contemplated election of a new Secretary or Secretaries we sincerely hope that fresh life and vigor may be diffused among the Churches. At the same time we are deeply im pressed with the truth that we all need a fiimw hold and more enlightened comprehension of Christ's Truth, andaricher baptism of HisSpirit.' Mr. Jas. Cdmmino moved, and the Rev. Mr. Davis seconded, the adoption of the report, and one or two omissions having been rectified, the motion was carried. teeasubee's eepoet. Mr. Jas. Smith, the Treasurer, presented the balance-sheet, from which it appeared that from collections, proceeds of tea, sale of books, &c.; , £2i) Is. had been received ; £327 3s. lOd. from sundry subscriptions, including a gift of £150 from Mr. J. H. Angas ; and - from country churches, £99 19s. 76., making the total amount of receipts £147 4s. 5d. The expendi ture amounted to £41*2 5s. 9d., leaving a balance in hands of the Treasurer of £34 18s. 8d, Mr. D. FOWLBB moved, and Mr. A. MtTBBAY seconded, the adoption of the report, ivhich, after a discussion and the alteration of one or two clerical errors, was passed. COMMITTEE, &0. The Rev. Mr. Mead proposed the following gentlemen 'as Committee and officers for the ensuing year :— Revs. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., H. J. Lambert, J. L. Parsons, R. Parkin, Messrs. D. Fowler, T. Barnes, J. Whiting, A. S. Neill, J. A. Holden, W. K. Thomas, G. Shaw, A. Murray, J. Camming, J. Jaret, James White, J. Darling, F. Horn. Secretaries —Revs. J. Prica and J. M. Day. Treasurer \- Mr. . Jas. Smith. In answer to a question, the Rev. Mr. Mead explained the reasons for his desire not tu take the position of .Secretary again. Mr. StTMMEBS pro posed that Mr. MEAD be requested to con tinue as Secretary, explaining that it was ne cessary for one of the. two gentlemen appointed as Secretaries to reside in Adelaide, for the proper execution of the work, and neither of the gentlemen. proposed redded near the city. The Rev. ' J. Pbice seconded. The Rev. Mr. Mead having again expressed his unwillingness to take the offac*}, Mr. D. Fowxee suggested that Mr. Birkj, a gentleman studying for the ministry, should act in this capacity. Mr. W. K. TH0MA3 supported this suggestion, but after a little further discussion, Mr. Summers, on the recommendation of the Chairman, with drew the amendment, and the matter' was left to the Committee. The proposition was car-, tied. - THE EETIEING SECBETAET. The Rev. H. J. Lambeet moved—' That the thanks of this Association be accorded to the Rev. Silas Mead, for hi« untiring ability as Secretary to the Association.' The Rev. Mr. Tuck seconded, each gentleman passing a high eulogium on the efforts of the late Secretary on behalf of the Association. The motion was carried by acclamation, and the Rev. Mr. Mead returned thanks, expressing his indebtedness to the Committee for their able assistance, and intimating that he would now devote all the time that he could spare for the benefit of the other Churches.- ; ? . . ? . ; ; . MAGAZINE EDETOBS. ' , The Rev. J. Pbice proposed— 'T^hat the Bevs. J. L. Parsons and H. J. Lambert, be editors of Trvth and Progress magazine ; and Mr. F. Hann Finance Secretary for the coming year.' This was carried. The Chaibman inti-. mated that as the expenses came rather heavily on the editors sometimes, it had been thought desirable that a fund of about £50 should be established to meet working expensesj and if five gentlemen would subscribe £10 each he could assure them' it would be invested and used in the best manner. The Rev. S.- JtEAD then read the balance-sheet of the Magazine, showing an estimated balance due of £7 19s. Mr. D. Fowleb said he would take two shares in the loan fund. (Laughter.) Mr. W. K Thomas proposed a vote of thanks to the Revs. Messrs. Mead and Price for their services as editors of the Magazine, and to Mr. F. Hann for his services as Finance Secretary. This was seconded and carried. In returning thanks, the Rev. S. Mead observed that the Magazine had been a success not only in a religious point of view, of which they had uumistakeable proof, but also in a financial aspect, for their circula tion was 800 a month, just double what they' expected. Mr. Hann also returned thanks. KEOEPTIOIT OP CHTJBCH. The Rev. S. Mead read a letter from the* Rev. J. L. Parsons, pastor of the Lefevre terrace Baptist Church, applying that that Church might be united to the Association. He proposed, and Mr. W. K. Thomas seconded, and it was resolved to receive the above Church as requested. : THE RECEHT BAINS. .. . The Rev. Mr. TUCK proposed the following resolution : — ' That this meeting desires to express sincere thanks to God for His goodness in sending the recent rains. More especially as they came when their need was much felt.' He expressed thanks to God for the rains' which ha-1 recently fallen, and for the prospect they now had of a moderate if not : bountiful harvest. The Rev. J. M. Day seconded, and the motion was carried. EDUCATION. The Rev. J. M. Day moved the following resolution: — 'That in the opinion of this meeting it is the duty of the State to intro duce a national system of compulsory education, without reference to religion.' There had been a great many opinions expressed on this subject. Some persons being in favor of secular educa tion, by Government, and the non-introduction of Bibles into schools, and some being opposed to this. He agreed with the former, for he believed that the reading of the Bible in schools was productive of little, if any, good. He looked back at his school- day Bible-reading with a shudder, on account of the shame and hypo crisy of the whole thing. It seemed to hi in that in order to prevent a great deal of the mischief done it was absolutely necessary that the Government should 'see that some sort of secular education was provided. What the Catholics wanted, he remarked, was simply that the Government should actually subsidise their'' schools. He wished it to be understood that he did not move this out of any disrespect to the Bible, but he thought it was undesirable that the Holy Word should be placed in the hands of 9ome teachers, on account of their unfitness. rhe Rev. S. Mead seconded, remarking that experience in a matter was better than hearsay, md he had had experience both in England ind in the colonies. The system in England was a failure,-and so wa* the Melbourne deno minational system, so that the Canadian sys tem, from all records, was the best. Mr. Shaw thought it was the duty of the State to see that those children found wandering about the streets received a secular education. There were many in town and villages roaming about, and if their education was neglected, they would be a source of trouble hereafter. Mr. D. Fowlbb referred to the immense ad vantages of the Scottish National system of education. He observed ' that wherever that system had reached in Scotland, they would find that three out of every four boys had schooling. The religious difficulty was settled in an easy manner, for nothing at all was said about it. (Laughter.) They wanted a better class of teachers, and it was the duty of the State to give them a better system of education. The Ghaibman said there appeared to be four systems for their consideration — Firstly, Go vernment education with the Bible ; secondly, Government education without the Bible ; thirdly, compulsory education with the Bible ; , and fourthly, compulsory education without. the.Bible. He thought the State should have nothing to do with religious education,.1 but he went heart and soul into compulsory; education. From his experience in the dark districts of the west of England, he knew that' ignorance was very .prevalent, and he thought it was the result of the present system of edu- , cation. He heartily supported the motion. The Rev. Mr. Tpck did not believe in com pulsory education. It was an objectionable system, and would never do for Englishmen. ? Mr. Huttok here suggested that the discussion should be adjourned till the half-yearly meet ing. He thought they would not have time now for a fair consideration of the matter, and it would not do to pass a thing like this without it. Mr. DEWHfBST corrected an impression which appeared to prevail, that the . present. Education Act required that the Bible should be read in schools. That was not a fact.. The Board regulations required it, but. not the Act, which said that the educa tion should be founded on Bible truth. This should never have been in the Act, and then there would have been no necessity for discussing it. The word compulsory was, no doubt, rather repulsive, but they would find that feeling in England was tending towards that system. He agreed with the motion, but this was an important matter, and should not be decided off hand. He thought that if the Government gave anything, it should bestow what it gave according to secular results. The Rev. Mr. Tuck seconded, and the Rev. Sir. Pares supported, an adjournment of the discus sion. The Rev. Mr. Badgee thought the matter should be decided at once. It had been occu ping their attention a long time, and surely they had arrived at some definite conclusion on it. He pointed out that the exclusion of Bibles from schools would not prevent the study of it, for it could be taught - by the parents and Church. The discontinuance of JBible reading in schools would remove a great many difficulties. He always had reverential feel-; iaga for the Word, but he did not think he was doing wrong in ad locating its removal from schools. With regard to compulsory education, he said he believed in it. All destitute. children the Government could get hold of they should be compelled to educate. The Rev. Mr. Davis remarked that a great deal had been said about the Scotch system of education by Scotchmen. Well, he thought it was rare to find a Scotch-' man who could not read, which was an educational defect common to English men. His opinion was that the American was the best system of education, and it was a significant fact that the Church of 'Borne was strenuously opposing it. He thought the discussion should be adjourned. Mr. W. K. Thomas pointed out that no object could be served by adjourning the question, and if it were postponed till the next half yearly- meeting that might be held in the country, and the decision arrived at would not have so much weight as it would coming from that Association, If it was put off till the annual meeting the matter might in the mean time be finally settled. He agreed with the proposition. The Chaibman put the amend ment that the discussion should, be adjourned, which was lost. He then put the motion, which was carried. The Chaibkak having an nounced the evening meeting the proceedings terminated. 