THE THEATRES. "Let hini bear the palm who has won it." Herr Bandmann has this week succesi commenced a series of Slhanksperian chartc commencing with " Hamlet." To attem criticise thle whole of hIis performance take more space than can possibly be voted, suffice it to say, that it was of such a n as to please thie most critical audience. Amo the most noticeable features of Iris perform was his rendering "Angels and Ministers,"' delivered in such a manner as tostrike terroti the very souls of the audience--the soliloquy death, his scene with Ophelia where he coa her to a nunnery, and last, though,not I the closet scene with his mother, which so magnificent in its effect that tile audiencer with enthusiasm, the applause being load long. His acting in this scene was entirely ferent from what we have usually seen, for ~I Hamlet exclaims " A murderer and a villi and is 'about to pass his sword through picture of his uncle, his anger repched thti where he exclaims "A king of shreds patches;" just then the ghost comes through picture, and Hamlet falls back prostrate at mother's feet. The effect is tremendous,a sI described. This scene alone shlould be saff to make his performance a success. ;Miss ES Ophelia is careful and studied; her acting in mad scene being passing well. Itis pity talented lady does not avoid driw ing on the word. of a sentence. Mrs. Sfile swas all could be desired in her impersonbn of the Q Mr. Ireland was hardly stately enougu Claudius. Miss Carry George's Osrice wfas and not overdone, as is usually the case wih character. Mr. Steele, as the ghost, was it and imperial, as all ghosts shofild be. ir. wood sustained Polonius in all its requirea whilst Mr. Lawrence was far too tame a L. The scenery all through is exceedingly appal particularly that where Hamlet has cont with his father's ghost; forinstead ofthee platform the ghost is made to stand in the p of achurch, a lime light being used tobh0 the figures, and instead of the gholst w?it he glides through a trap, dooer, the effect very novel. Messrs. Weston and- Hussey's sable el!e at St;. George's Hall have had goodlhous?l the week. The " Dance of Dances,'" by Holly, still holds its place in ,publice whilst. MI. Kelly's " Happy Old aill gaining favour, his make-up bisgr verig Messrs. Weston and Hussey are as hlippY. own peauliar line as their most rde ll iets could wish. Mr. N. La Feuillade thel violinist and composer for thie compaye bnefit on Tuesday, on which occsiolthe was well- filled, " Little Barefootl 'li?t principal attraction.T It is very lilpilrl11 to " Come Home, Father." ald o6tetisi tableaux-The child beggilig le Itih station; mourning the deathl of death of Little Barefoot; ald tie all0SP Little Barefopt. T .e introdut? ,to music are by Mr. W. B. Wiltnll, to ?rollri, of praise is due, both being very aP'Y el are very: tastefully sung by .liss reeS dit er The management also deserves c"hes manner'iu which it lhas been placcdO 00 aR:dit should haleo a lengthy ru?r . ll, n The Haymnarket (Dukl e of Edinhus?e'ei Saturday with a troup . of ,us is - Sof whom report speaks highly, b ii 