-ALMANAC FOR .1870. IN accordance with a long-established cus tom ·vw :to-day ;present 'our, subsoribors with an lmannao forllecomniii? y i.vIt hn been proepireO with the usual coro, and it will be found to contain o. large: amount of useful information. Should there be any omissio? it delivery, we hope it: will be. immediately, notified atthe oflice: Tlna Dew Drdd A?Ns.Nthing ofno4 ha oceerred of late s athe Dehb Inde'ed, aoliegtloo have,for some time been suspended by thdia weather;' but the prospects are very good?d and Mr.'Bilion'sapiarty have determined Ato proeed at once with more decisive measures to strlk he reef. I Other:men'are,to be employed.te vyor tie shaft, so that more definite, and it is believed re satisfactory information nimay be shortly' I kd for, . Tii NonTi v. Sourcri acOniac MArTO; : A full meeting ofdelegateis froi':the northerne lbs was held at fHedspon on Saturday at-the conch also of the Town v.Country match; when the follo log players where chosen to represont.thesort in annual North e. South match; which takes. p ice on the 27th and 28th lnst. Mleasrt. W. 11., W' er (Csptain) H. Barrett. F. Ilymea, W. Coll *, R. Still, W. Glpyn, W. Dduglas, I. Stewart, T. Daisy, T. Hogg, and J. Martin.' Eteirge c "men-G. Boon, T.Barrett, and C. Field. '" STrunbsA'es Iessa .--By an' error.n h6 folding,'as'oonelderable number.of o?i Saturd y's Issue. oonsistedol two outelde eheete.iTo.i ae tain how the, blunder arose, or howfer it oxteued seems to be imposselble. We 'an only, exp ma regret at Its occoorrence, and a hope that all. he received two 'outside slieets willthave onse -x changed for an inside sheet.. "Theilatter shb ld be' forwaded without this appeal if we only kew to whom to apply. .. .... SUNDAY TRADING.o,-T hesibjeot of, Snn y trading, was Introduced at ithe Council meet ng yesterday byAlderman Drysedlo, who said it?s within his knowledge that this offe'ngo,wase c r ried dnl In Lauicesieeto a'?erious extent, b th by pauilcnsp and ,ehopheepers.i? uintiers' of plaee that he could'mention. were cohstadtly a ed on'Sunday; . He asked whether there was any by-law to prevent sech a practice,' to: which. tlb Mayor replied that provision was madon ,.the Police Act.for the plqishment of offenders. ) His Worship,prosmild to bring the mattelr inder the noticef thlie Siporintondent of Police. O. O?iwno Fo ENoiND SUNDAY SCitOOL.:- The aeiiall gathriihg `of "tho echolars of''the three Episcopalian Sunday Schools in Lancesetod took placeat -Trinity Church on Sunday .aftsr noon, when, a special service, was held; Prayor, were read by tile Rsv.,A, Birkway,. and the Rev. F. Hales delivered an address to the young people," who were seated in the body of the Ohuroch.t The galleries were filled bytthe parents and friends of the children. ST. ANDeaw's SiNDAY SOHOOL b AN?u vasARr.--The tenth anniversary of the above school was celebrated on Sunday, when sermons were preached, and collections ,made In ald of the lunds.., In the morning, the Rev. J. Gardner, pastor of St. Andrew's preached from the loath verso of psalm 11 I and in the ovenieg tho Rev, A. W. Grant, Baptist minister of Perth, officiated; taking as his text Exodus; chap. 12, v. 13." :The scholars were 'seated on a temporary gallery erected around the pulpit, and sang alone a numn her of hymns appropriate to the occasion.. From a report read we gather that on the books of the school, at the present time there are a Soperin* tendent, secretary, librarian, and 20 male and female teachers: with 134 boys and 137 girl- total scholars, 271.' In the afternoon the scholars receioved their annual prizes. During the year.the number of children has decrased 'by 60o. The school is without a visitor, and to this fact the de. crease named is, no doubt, partly attributable. The children receive their annual treat to-day, at Ponquite. ' COorNar.-,Another concert will take place Inthe Mechanics' Institute this'evening' by Mr. Lascelles and others for the benefit of Miss Percy Easdoion. As. thi?s young lady is deservedly a (avourite with tbh.. aunaceston people, they will probably show their appreclation by giving her a bumper house, N4 Panme s;,--LIt will be seen onre. Tj] rtanon t o ur'advertltingl olumns that Mr. J. 0Crookes hIa?lromoved his ironmongery business from tbo.cornor of0Charles and ýDrlsbanoistreots to premises adjoining theo store of Meaers, Crookoa and Hudson inu t. John.strcet. Tihe huelness will In future be carried on by Messers Crookes snpl Hudson, and not by Mr. Crookes alone, The newa shop is aver. commodious and: handsome, and stooiked wih every ' variot of useful and ornamental goods. iso WALraIOo IlNTO TU TaAr.--Between nino and.ten o'elock on Saturday night a man named lei James Robineon, whilst in "a statoe of beer," ue tranoged in his peregrinatlions to walk into the Poliee Station. lBeing rather bewildered by hisl sIqrroondings, the poor fellow coiuld not find his %a way ant igalin but 'Mr, SubInaepeetor Sullivan 'll kindly gave him a lodging till Mondasymornlgg whenshe was brought before Mr. Mason, end alt. lpwed to depart afterpaytog the small aum o l 21a I for hie bohrd and lodging. • RATnIIn CooL I-A great deal has boen si said about the precocity of Young Australia, but' we hasve seldom heard of a cooler proceeding than' to that for whichb a girl named Catboriao Martlin ' Is now doing penanco In a well.known Govern-. ai atestablishment in Patterson-street. It seems that this Interesting damsel has for some time be S'pst been in the habit of entering at pleoasro the premises of Mr. Forrelly in Brisbaue.street, and is that on Friday night in accordance with bor cus. tom sihe pushed open the door and walked ino The inmates, however, objected to Miss Martin's frequent lntrusions, and on her last 'visit theg S'iked 'her what she wanted. 'At first sheprse' i tended that. he: wished to. ae the lady oi bthes house Ia but as it was shown that she had no busllones on the premises sabe was handed over. tor e he.caro of a ,constable, and on the following'day' i was introducedto the PolieO Magistrate,, He did t not'seem to approvo of these eccentrio porambuJ lstions, but as the'girl had not. boen' brought 'up before he signiled his ,Intenntion of 'deatlig "lent. ently" with her.: :This be did by sending her to gaol for a month I .". v ' , ' a ir MIcINGa MACINentY. - An . importationI d wbich'i ias yet ratheri a novel one 'in Tasinslnt; Shaes recently, been mnide, sand is now lying on the :whorT whsre it has attracted agooddeallf attenltion. If We refer to the bettler and engine of the -Dand ;p of Hope Quarts sd Allevial Mining Company at Fingal, whihei arrived on Saturday last by the brig Mercury from Melbourne. They ar. in ex~ cellent condition, -"and do not appear to' have A been in the slightest degree damaged by the viby~ ago. The. cartage of the maohinery'to its deeti= nation Is to be tendered for, and as soon as that I matter has been arraeged'thls portion of the plant Swill be despatched as qulokly as' possibl, . Aywg aIerr 'Ne x Nw' ZEZlniaN.-Tho_ advise a from Nolr Zealand are resauring, If-that ter d rlble little' word- faith carn be placed, in the tterances of the native chiefs.' ' Bt' ihere sla a e0 suspeloneo.apxiety displayed by somit of them' to r get'hold of good government, weaponsin'd am. Smanitldon. At a'recent meeting at Ohinematu, all of tl leading chiefas ,belno' present,' on'oef .them, It Topla, offored'to catch 'lo Knool in a few days ; \- but, said he;," youanmust 'give 'me arms and ed ammunitloo.'." Unfortunatoly, in the past, these necessary mouitions-of war have, by some air. oumlocatory process, found' their way to robel by hands,. and have been put to the devilish work he of child and woman slaughter Cao?t thie chiefs be trusted now anymore than in the past P s '.OnICKET- TAsaeNIA v. VIoTonrA.--A ocr b respondent of tle Melbourne Leader, rjoileolng in the self-dabbed 'iobriquel of "Logleg," says- "There Is not much interest taken in the Tesma. 't nlnan match, as our over.the-Straite neighbors ad have determined.eoly to play eleven to eleven in future,.and at thattgame. they don't stand the I ghost of a chance." SErTnonoxD AnYw? nop,-A rather extra o~ 'rdinary crop of barley is to be seen on the land \- f 'Mr.: James Young, at Clareonce Plains. A are very large proportion of it has three" ears.to one as '6lo.---16 le · oTk - ret, o·* "· l tem. boarlng thro ears, but we never heard of so large, quantities being in this condition.-Mfereary. tBt AcoaxATXrsA'TIo.-His Exoollonoy Mr. be Do Cano's contribution to the acollmatlsation l movement, in the introduction. of the Englishb ll pheasant into Tasmanias, has been very greatly suceesfol. Upwards of seveety egg' have been laid by theo birds brought by him. Although, sn through seome unfavorable influences or other, s probably the ground-not belog altogether salted e to them, togother with thefvery unfavorable ad weather, a conliderable portion have died, there ted are at proeeot,' however, pwards 'of forty strong the active.young birds 'alive, who promise tq be the the progenitors of a great,family.. fhebcoloy ls in ore debted tp ble'Excelleioy for tqe servica h0h will cod have thus rendered it.-Merro . .. -at . H.` ALIEN; , wntomaker, Brest AI aueustreej?ihs '' 'o'' jurt 'a. roceived '`d ' front tba 'London ' ' " flr?i.cilase' ' regultor .ieade ion speoisly to hie: i order."'"r" N' 'ei'p'ees ag ise been spared to secure aperfeoot lostrment, In and'a most boeutiful end complete piees of moe ee 'ohanim' Is the' resml it Mr. "Allen a hae bad a por, ler tion of the flooring'of his abop'rbmoved and a solid foundation and freestone stand set' up, so as to otivldteaidy tendenoy' to 'vibrationlby the no tion of surrounding objee. . r, X', ?..a j LAvIoucsToa, ANNUAL: REOATTA.-We., re b glad to observe that our remarks io, Satrday's y' ilse aenrit the Launceeton"'A'n'al tRegott hahve er ro'duced the 'deisied"effeitIand'" hlotote.public ed ieooting is to be bold on Thursday next to melke se the necessary arrangemente, though, the gentle. h men who have toaken theb nmattar. up;have; not a timade the snnounoe'nent through 'our advertising id columne.' " w -D:runnANon ON OAsAnD Sini'-SBoma little excitement was created on board the Freonchbrig ay Amiral Gourbeyre on Saturday, evening;It seems g that ieomeoof' the men havinig demanded, money from the captain, the,. qttor threatened to put in r rons tha oiext man whso maade' a'sililar request, In' plte of tlilinoosf tdite iaew aked for a?portion of his wvages, when antitempt wiae made to enforce e the captain's threat. The 'mato assisted his com ny mnder, whieid several. of tlhmens0:n camo'to bth t rescuo of their comrade, and a general scrm'mage e osed. The affair. will be folly invoetigated at dhe lie Police;omlc, 'to'day, the' 'captai haling taken bi 'proceediogs igalnst those of the' crew who Joleod RIn tlhe disturbance. ' ' -i: .. *i . ' , . ; Toitirfer COonoeec StNDonA 'q OaL-Oan SSunday sesriions were, preached .and. 'collietioni t made at Trinity Churnh, morning and .evenalg, or' in aid of the funde of the Sunday School, when or'the arun ot£14 160'was collected. The Rov. H he P.. Kao oloialted la the morning, and' the Rev 0a F. Hales 10 tho.evanlng. ' .' ha Orence Roenoa ,DseovnRenez 1&7' WI.~n; Onas,0.ss0'O Sitairdi''ilast iilormination, roeaohed tdwn'thiat"t na inanemed Bollaid, a basket.maker; S'residlang. In Goeorgei.street, bat 'who is ow'.'at ,Wie Watorhouse, had discovored'a. reef near: the ns noathern Cross Reef, Consldorable excltemeon ,hs 'was auseil at the'dlg'?injte by' thib diocove6ry,lbus er, no particulare of the flnd i have yet reched town,' th The new reef he's beena' named -'the: "Greiht tY Eastern'" It is also rumoorsd that :Mr. Spotts. woods has discovered a news reef,'-. . r 'A;PPEAL COUuT.-A Court 'Of Speotal BSe m* slous was bold at the Court H0use yesterday, to am hear appeals galest' thi aseesesment of properties he within the town of Launceston.' The following n* Justices were ' presint:-J. Whilofoord, Esq., nd Chairman; A. Webster, Esq., Mayor; eSd JI i- Alkeohoad, A. F. J. Boweo, A. Rose, and3.. or 'Westbrook; Esquires. Ninety.nine appeale, nearly the all of su tasgniflaont' charactei, were heard he from 47 appellante, and the besiness was conoluded te. about 1 p.m. b No' 6 CLram, PioNBEnE Re EF.-Mr. ,D. a Smithbjyesterday leftat the shop of Mr. WV. H. Allen sonme very fine spochineas of ,quarl?.'thlickly to sludded with gold, and also some gold 'crushed dr. sat, from'hls leam No. ,' Plinoer Reef, Judging roy by these speelmene.we should imagine the pros1 a pots of this claim are remarkably .good i;n fact, le equal 0o p ny'na.tho:Plo.cer. An inspectionof by thege!d wIll well repay a visit to Mr. Mleoal sho,. 