A REVIEW OP THE CUP HORSES. By; Beacon. The late running at Randwiok has thrown great light upon our Melbourne Cup prospects, and the visions of Victoria winning in a canter, which have been frequently presented of late to some enthusiasts in their dreams, can scarcely now be expected to be realised. How ever well Victoria's chance may have looked upon paper a low aays ago, id muse job aa mitted that, recent doings plainly enough show i us that we shall have all our work to do to ! keep the Cap amongst us. We are not in de spair, nor yet without hope; but our best horses i will require to bo as good as their owners de olare them to bo. If they are not, all is lost.- It must, however, be recollected that so far as performances go, at the late meeting Circassian alone has shown any decided superiority. Tra verton did not run, and owea his elevation en tirely to his stable companion, Grey Momns, who ran second for the Metropolitan, and won the Waverley Handicap. Sir John ran badly, while Warrior, on the other hand, proved him self a good horse. Barbelle did aot no greatly distinguish herself, and shows a great dislike to go over a mile and a half, and of the two I should prefer the chance of Sir William, and he has yet to persuade us he can get two miles. Orville's running does not make him dangerous even with his reduced weight up. Stumpy will not do, nor is ho hkdy to come ; and it will very much surprise me if we see Tim Whiffler amongst us at all this year. Then of the three-year-olds, Barbarian won't be here, and Lamplighter and Charon are proved to -be better than tho others. We have not so many to fear, but the quality of the few is pretty good if they only come right to the post. Now, I shall just commence at the tail end and emuaerate those I think have net a ghost of a chance. First of all comes Miss Constance 5 st 7 lb, Shamrock 5 st 7 lb, Cosur de Lion 6 st, Masaniello 6 st, Falmerston 6 st 4 lb, Aurora 6 st 4 lb, Surbiton 6 st 5 lb, De tective 6 st 7 lb, Praetor 6 st 8 lb, Bishopbourne 6 st 10 lb, Melancholy Jacques 6 st 10 lb, The Moor 6 st 12 lb, Barwon 6 at 12 lb, Barbarian 7 at,. The Monk 7 st, Marksman 7 st 2 lb, Albany 7 st 3 lb, Lapdog 7 st 41b, Blondin 7&t; 51b, Ragpicker 7st 71b, Australian 8 st, Darkie 8st 3 lb, Coquette 8 at 41b, The Earl 8 st 61b, Stumpy 8 st 101b, and Tim Whiffler 10 st 7.1b, because I do not be lieve he will come. Who can have Stumpy ana median, wnon giving weignt to uiroassian the same line may be extended to Coquette, : and why should Darkie be able to concede - 51b to him? Such horses as The Monk or The Moor might be thought to be exceptions on the soore of their weight, but they may never come at all, and if they do they may discover no hidden merit. Barwon I won't have in gscd company at two miles at any price. Thus I have placed twenty-five quite out of it. Now we come to the second division, which may contain the name of the winner, but at the present time I cannot see it, and some of them I think I should have oeen quite safe in putting amongst the last lot, but just for the present we will permit them to hold their position in something approaohing respectable sooiety. The first is Miranda 5 st 7 lb, because she once had paoe, then The Fly 5 st 7 lb, though I cannot see it. Dolo, 5 st 7 lb, who is said by some to be better than Salem Soudder. Lily 5 st 9 lb, being of a good family. Cold stream 6 st, an improving colt. Paddys Land, a fair horse with pace and nothing on him. Plenipo 6 st 4 lb, who is said to have beaten Strop at evqn weights, o! course in private. Partisan 6st 5 lb, a dark colt this season. Kestrel 6 st 71b, has a fair reputation. Phos phorus 6 st 7 lb, can go tho distance when fit, and has a good turn of speed. The Fop 6 st 101b, a fair colt. Norma 6 st 12 lb, Free trador 6 st 12 lb, has done well enough to lead to hopes of [still further improve meut. Cymba 6 et 12 lb, Orville 7 st, Barbelle 7 st 3 lb, Sir William 7 st 41b, Shenandoah 7 st 5 lb, Phcobe 7 st' 10 lb, Strop 8 st 5 lb, Manuka 9 st 4 lb, and Gasworks 9st41b. I include Strop and Shenandoah in this class because I consider Circassian 7st 12 lb is a better thing than even Glencoe 9 st 1 lb, and if they could not beat the latter last year, why should they defeat the former now? Manuka I bold to be a fearfully overrated horse, and Gasworks I qaestion carrying the weight. Architect I know nothing about ; which reduoeo the cream ef the lot to eight horsea. These are : Sheet Anchor 6 st 4 lb, who has completed one and three quarter milos in 3 min. 13 sec. with something in hand. Lamplighter and Charon 7 st each, who have shown as they are first-class three-year-olds, therefore must not yet be discarded. Salem Scudder 7 st 3 lb, who, with 11 lb less did the distanoe in 3 min. 42 sec, whioh could as easily have been made a second or two less, and who af ter wardo did a mile and three-quarters in 3 min. 10 sees, Barwon, with 6 st 7 ib, never being able to foot it with him for a yar 1 of tho race, therefore proving that he has both paoe and stamina, Sir John, 7 st 7 lb, who carried 7st 12 lb to viotbry over two miles in 3 min. 41J seo, and whoso running in the late Metro politan I refuse to accept as a reason for his rejection, on account of the weather and ground being so unfavorable to his long stride. Tra verton, 7 st 10 lb, I have always believed to bo a good horse, although he had done nothing better than a mile and three-quarters in 3 min. 16 sec, but whom nevertheless I am bound to' regard as dangerous. Warrior, 8 st 10 lb, on account of hiB late running with 3 lb more on him ; and lastly My Dream, 9 st 4 lb, who last year won the Victorian Derby in 2 min. 48 sec, carrying 8 st 7 lb. Her coming sound to the post, however, is very doubtful, and even should she do so she has an immense amount of weight to give away, such oa 29 lb to Salem Soudder, 22 to Traverton, 20 to Circassian, 25 to Sir John, and 42 to Sheet Anchor. If she can do all this, then indeed is she a wonder^ for I am inclined to think that to win the race will require to be ran in 3 min. 40 sec. or under. The pick of this lot must stand over to another peried. 