PABLIAMENT OP TASMAKlj LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tiiuksday, 2nd September, 1869. Tlio Council met at 4 o'clock. Puesest: The Hong. Colonial Secretary. Mr m.i Mr. Foster, Mr. Kennorloy, Dr. CrowftaT1 , Dunn, and Capt. Langdon. twiner, jfc, petitions. Dr. CROWTHER presented a petition fan» ,v. fishermen and their employees, requesting thattki rostrictiona as to fishing about the port of Hoi»! Town bo removed, "" Received and ordered to bo printed. Mr. WHYTE called attention to a petition of M, Fielding Browno, which had boen laid on the ÜU of the Houso and suggested its withdrawal, in on!» to save the timo of the House. ^ The matter was ordered to stand over until Ia. morrow (this day). ". notices. Dr. CROWTHER gave notice, that on Toad» next, he would ask the Colonial Secretary to Uv na» the table of the IIouso a return Bhowine "w resignations had taken place in, or removal from ft! territorial police force, during the last six montk and all correspondence relating thereto. AUo.« the snmo day, to move that an address be prewS to His Excellency, praying that he will cause to fe laid upon the table of tho House a despatch from 11» Right Hon. Secretary of Stato to the officer admiT toring the Government of Tasmania, underlX February 17th, 1869, with enclosures and all own?, spondenco relating thereto. order op the day. On tho order of the day being called on. lb' WHYTE moved that the second reading of the Sti in Sheop Bill should stand an order of the dir for Tuesday next. ' Agreed to. LAW OF ESCHEAT HIM,. On the motion of the COLONIAL SEORETABT' this Bill was read a third timo and passed. TARTITION LAW AMENOMENT BUI, The COLONIAL SECRETARY explained tlal the pnrport of this Bill was to allow the partition rf estutos, oven in cases where the whole of the putt» interested in estates wore not present in tho At It was intended to prevent tho delay and expense! whichwas often now necessary to give effect to Um' intentions of testators, and to corfciin doscriptiom of annoyancos. In committee, bo would bo prepsjta'to explain the various clauses, and moved tho second reading of the Bill. Captain LANGDON seconded. Read a second time, and the House resolved itself into comroittco on the Bill. Tho Bill was committed, reported without »road. mont, agreed to, and the third reading ordered ti stand au order of the day for to-morrow (this dir). »IVER CLYDE Um. Tho COLONIAL SECRETARY movod the leconi rending of the River Clyde Sources Protection Bill and said that in 1857, by a private Act, the care if the sources of the River Clyde was committed fe certain individuals. This had boon foundinidriabli and tho Bill now proposed to repeal that menin nnd to appoint trustees for tho purposes of the pin«.' vation of tho rivor. Ho explained at length tho pm. visions of the Bill in reference to the protection ii > tho sources of tho river, the storage of the ni» and the preservation of the fish therein, und lisa ii to the powers proposod to bo givon to the trustees. It his opinion.it was one of tho moat bcnefiicial munni for tho district that could be propounded. Captain LANGDON seconded, and said in Iii; ho had endeavoured to introduco similar promu», I but was thwartod by tho efforts of individuals, iii I wore interested in keoping tho wnters of tho Cljä» at a lower level thanwns conducive to tho interest* oÜ the public. Much misery occurred in consequents; but this Bill proposed to remedy such Bourceaofnii. chiof, and ho therefore supported tho Bill. Mr. WHYTE thought the provisions of the Bill woretosomo oxtont contradictory to those of til , Salmon Act. Tho 8th clause seemed to give up tb whole control of the flnhory in tho Clydo to til commissioners tobo appointed under the BE Hi would support tho Bill, but thought it unadriuUt to interféra with tho operation of tho Salmon Act The COLONIAL SECRETARY thought hecoill satisfy tho hon. tho mombor for Pembroke. The Bul proposed to givo tho trustees power to mako bylm, but it was also provided that these laws shoal! It i approved by tho Attorney-General, and in no sonso repugnant to any existent law9. The Bill was thon road a second time, committtd, reported without amendment, and the third raiii} made unorder of the day for to-morrow (this dijj. MA1USK VOLICIES mu, The COLONIAL SECRETARY explained till 1 by tho presont stato of tho law, tho assignee oil marine nssuranco whether on ship or cargo.couldnol suo in his own namo, but was sometimes driven to i lengthy and oven oxponsivo remedy. Tho hill ni for tho furthor protection of commercial inteteü, i and as such commended itself to the favourable eos ! sidoration'of tho House. Ho moved that it ba¡til i a second time. Road a second time, committed, reported wi'.koil I amendment, and tho third reading rando an order of tho day for to-morrow (this day), bye law. The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid on the UNi of the Houso, a byo-law of tho Corporation of HoW Town, referring to vehiclos carrying lighti, ml another referring to tho Slaughter House. Tho Council thon adjourned until 4 a.m. to-mat row (this day). HOUSE OP ASSEMBLY. , TnunsnAY, 2nd SunESWER. Tho Si-eaksh took the chair at 4 o'clock. petitions. Mr. GIBLIN prosentod a petition from the En* live Committee of the Tasmanian Tompewis Allianco, against tho passing of a Bill to author» distillation. Rocoivod and read. Mr. BARRETT presented a petition from cM fishermen for the opening of the Dorwentuptotti Northorn boundary of Glonorchy, for net fishing. cotices. I Mr. GREGSON to movo for correspondence »ifi j the Government on applications as to oyster hu ¡ and the niimna of applicants. (Friday.) . K Mr. C. MEREDITH to movo for leave to bro» B in a bill to amend tho Act 32 Vio., No. 19, prorajl- M ing land boing grunted for churches, buryinggrouWi ?§ and other roligious purpose«. (Thursday.) ? Mr. John SCOTT to movo that the Treasurer li ? requested to lay on the table tho supplement«? m estimates for the presont your. (Tuesday.) ? Mr. SIBLEY to movo that tho corresponJjw m between tho lato Colonial Secretary and the Win* ? ot Hamilton and Bothwell, relative to the alters» m of the boundaries of those municipalities, be lill « » tho table of this Houso. (Thursday.) K 1'IllNTISO KEFOnT. B Mr. SHARLAND brought up printing nfrt ? which waa agreed to. K BYE-LAWS. K Mr. LEWIS laid on the table bye-laws of of Mayor and Aldermen of Hobart Town, Nos. 63 and 64, as to vehicles carrying lights, and as to slaughter- ing. MESSAGE TOOK THE COUNCIL B Tho CotoNtAL SEOitETAiiYand Mr.FosiBBbioap K down tho Esehoat Bill. . "".,"",, K On tho motion of the ATTORNEY-GENEM K the bill was road a first time, ordered to be pruts H and second reading fixed for Wednesday. H MOTIONS. Mr. BALFE, pursuant to notiert, rnovol ¡W» address bo.presontcd to His Excol «ney, pt«"» he will causo to bo laid on tho tablo of thu W» copies of all momomorials, correspondence,«» documonts referring to a propoied _ pul« known as the Swamp Road, I rank'». W» member explained that a vote of foWOW w passed for tho road, but a different ^t^Tj been made bvtho proBont Government, ana j» the money was understood to havo ^«g*¿ the Now Huon Road, and soma sort * «gg, made that £2000 should bo laid ou m th. «JJ tion of tho Swamp Road, winch had no1! taj^ and for want of a road persons who' Iw^y land, and somo who had paid for it, had te«n«^ tvo and take othor land under the m»Ji ", to loav tions fe. said tho illnoss of tho ir lund unaor ino ««".?'B) tions for want of means of getting to t io nr* \- - Uto Director of I*' '", said tho iUnoss of tho lato u¡T^.' "\ V".. bit t» had had somothing to do with wo aU». " thodopartmont was again in «l°Tn*°Teíonll* sons in whoso bohalf ho (Mr. Balfe nowjom those papers, complained that no stops W ^ taken to show a determination to °^yf «» J'«^0Ä«Äad.^ to tho motion, but ho might sb,tó *°J2t, * boon overlooked by the GoveT*J, j* finding that tho voto for tho dirort » ff Hobart Town to the Huon had £, j, haustod, considorod that tho raw ? " procooded with, and it was "»«*"'l°fcr iii* Parliament and propom to ^o mÄ& o, purposos to complote tho road tot"'foul considorinfr this part entar,«»^\§l W S ho (tho Treasurer) though "'^."""utä*' justified in going on with it, at nu . ^# Huon Hoad was finished, that being w 1M>The motion was thon ngrood to. ^ Mr. BALFE moyod that eopi°» of «»^ and property valuation ro Is far W* "L, «¡k tho table of tho Houso. Ho said Jhu ^, ^ show tho effect on tho toThl" j depreciation in tho vnluo of propony. ^ Tho COLONIAL ÏKEAST^ ¡.I«* rolls woro in tho library, but as they w» oopios should ho sont down. , electo»!1* Mr. DODEHY did not ItakJ»^ would givo ns muoh information a« inV^ji* for Franklin desired to hava, M *J¿"3 » wero rovisod before the property %.»» y, *M bon. member spoke of tho effect ol w^tf disfranchising roany powens »W¡lp been roduccdV «,l««'äTf»Ä«|i*Ä The ATTOUNEY-GENE^Lth?^^, lion of the Valuation. Act ba4 rç»,w* - S rrrl^ to limit the discretion of justices in the object was to "mill ce nniformU in ' ?*"« ^'nwt'spSumea that before the Act, ! w^^eDtt,T mndo of 5, IO, 20 and 30 per cent., ^^«rSthatadditional reductions had been Int he wa» arra« j yalue ^°AlaÑd thought that the reduction "atbÄwes in many instances were justified ^.a Vnntterforward, as no doubt reform was to briflg the matter torwar¿) advocMed what ^ did many years ago-household suffrage ^^nATFE^hf'reply, Baid ho was not aware A'Jflffiïïnmmt tad exercised tbo power whether the wera of ^ ^^ q{ conferred on them ny wi disparity ÄX3y TTd those for Devon l\Ú e*7,C>erlies appeared to have been reduced * tätoot aC^rentrefcrence to values-by what Ä the rulbof thumb. It behoved the logis AlA the liberties of tho constituencies Ä frittered away, and apply a remedy. m." mnfinn was adopted. ! the írselo* list. I ir, DAVIES moved, pursuant to notice, that, in I »Arion of this House, whenever vacancies occur I . e,iEfSlernmont Departments requiring to bo SSlXÄÄ I« «honld bo referred to before I fir appoint-nonts are made to fill such vacancies ; I ¡öJ?n the event of any pensioner either residing I So the limits of the colony or elsewhere, and not ¿Sated by illness or.by ngo, being mowed to fi 1 »Svaeancy and refusing or neglecting to do so, S Sion shall become forfe ted.. The bon. member ¡Sftowsiallyrwaro that in giving; notice of this 7,-on it «as likely to be said, and had been said, St sounded" vary mud. like repudiation to attempt to dirturb the rights of those who enjoyed pensions ; L bo «t out by repudiating any such imputation Ky or indirectly ; he hid no other object in Shan that of reducing the amount of taxation « "«"as might bo, and tho employing those who Id be mfa* and wero n^° 'ntellectually «is «1las physically, to be employed in the public unices but whoso namos now appeared, o wing to the ; «trenching policy of the Govommont m tho pension I M The hon. member said he was aware of the 9th [ Son of 24 Viet., No. lo, which provided for tho em Snsnt of pensioners, if required. That was the la w I if the land, and in introducing the motion, he (Mr. i Panes) simply wanted to goto this extent, to con- vey- andnotmany way offensively, an instruction ' i, tie Oovcrnment thnt in all cuses where vacancies ! lad to be filled up, they should first go to the i ion list; that they should look down the ist to i Joe if there was nota man physically and íntcllectu ?llvcaDablo of performing the functions of the otnee »nd to call on him, should there le such, to perform the duties ; and that in this way, tho poraons on the pension list could not only be employed uso Mly but a saving to the country be effected. 1 Ho (Mr Davies) wus bound to point out, ud he was indebted to tho bon. momber (Mr. bette) for directing his attention to it, that during th» last »oven years the colony had pai.1 £93,000 in «unions, and if interest of money wore iddod, the Knt would be in round numbers £100,000. If thnt »ero tho case they would do well to endeavour to utilize the services of recipients of pensioners where it could be dono. Ho saw that the pensions last year trora the general rovonuo amounted to £11,606 19i. lid. and in tho land department £559 7s., and although thov had it from tho Treasurer that several peinions hud'fidlon in, ho found by the estimates that the pension list had increased from £11,606 19s. lid. to X12 303 12s. 5d. chargeable on tho general revenue'.' Tho ponsions chargeable on tho land wrenuo wero £490 19s. 6d. The list, notwithstand- ing £299 19s. 6d. had fallen in, having boon increased ty reducing the aborigines establishment at Oyster Core. Now, what ho wanted was fortho Govorn Bcnt to endeavor to take from the list those who night be found capable of performing cortnin func i;.» in fill un vacancies before thoy went outside to f gi»« individuals appointments in tho civil sorvico of [ the country, and it was for that object ho brought 1 tho question undor consideration. There could bo [ no doubt the ponsion list was looked upon by a lurgo body of tho colonists as a serious drag. Tho colony had incurred tho responsibility, nnd it would not bo wiso to got rid of it, but if they could utilize the ser- vices ofsomeof tlioso who were receivinglnrpte pensions, sad lave tho colonists from tho necessity of additional taxation they should do so. He believed what was required was, that they should simply assert tho principle that in time to come all Governments should insist upon the pension list boing reliovod, That was the only reason ho had for bringing forward the mo- tion, and he could not anticipate opposition. He did not wish to indiiidiialhse, it would bo improper to do io, ho merely wished, if tho Houso agreed, to affirm the principle, so that the Government should not have sny discretion in the mnttor, but be compelled to go to the pension list before filling up a vacancy. Mr. Jas. SCOTT liad much plcnsuro in seconding the motion, tho colony wus suffering too much from these pensions, and it waa timo to put a stop to it. Mr. BALFE remarked that ho was ulways an economist, but this moticn was one which ho could not support in its present form, it was too general in its character. Suppose tho door-koopor of that Houso to retire, and the vacancy had to bo filled, thoy would have nothing to do but to look down the list ; thero »ouldbothonainoof thoVoo- Archdeacon Davies, .and as ho wns in good health and not incap- able, they would have, according to this reso- lution, to give the Archdeacon tho appointment, (laughter.) Then suppose ono of tho office koepers to die, thoy would como to tho mimo of Bishop Nixon, and as ho was a healthy man, (laughter,) Bishop Nixon would bo appointed to tho vacant offico (renewed laughter). The lion, member said he could not make out what was tho object of tho motion, for in legislation theirs was all practical business. He admitted that ho wished they could get rid of tho list and the pensions, but tho question carno how to get rid of it. If tho vacancy woro to bo filled by one who could proporly tako it, ho (Mr. Balfe) might agree so far, and ho went tho length of say- ing that any Executive Government who departed from that principio ought not to ho supported, (hear, hear). But he did not seo the necessity of tho reso- lution, nor would ho opposo it from poraonal or fac- tious feelings. A vacancy arose some time ago, and he (Mr. Balfe) took tho trouble to go through tho .list, and sou who was likely to ho solccted, but Iip found tho choice was vory limited, ITo was nwaro the pension list was unpopular with the colonists, and every ono was crying out against it, but if thoy lookod over the list, and notod thoso who woro capablo, aid those who were not comont-ablo, thoy could not utilizo it in the way proposed. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL thought tho House should understand that on no occasion had tho oppor- tunity boon luBt of taking from the list any porson . who was el¡¡riblo to filia vacant office ; and ho might \- lav that during tho tenure of office of himself and his colleague, the whole course of proceeding had been to reduco and not increnso officers, and as a result they had had fow vacancies, for thero woro fow officers required. If enquiry woro made, tho number of mon brought into office during 'his administration would bo found to bo small indeod, and he believed tlioso were junior clorks and boys. For the Solicitor General, of courso, and the Director of Public WorkB, thoy could not had persons on the pension list ; and except such, very few cases had arisen, and ho (the Attornoy Oeneral) had novo» had an appointment put before him in which ho had not gone through tho list, and he might assert that wherever an opportunity oc- curred of omploying a ponsionor, it was taken. In the case of the Police Magistrate of Launceston, when Mr. W. Gunn died, Mr. Mason, an old and rsspectablo magistrate, who wng ou tho pension list, .greed to accept tho appointment. Thora was an- other recent enso of a vacancy in an important offico, ia lue Sheriffs dopartmont.tho executioner (laughter). Mr. Solomon Blay was found to be a pensioner for a small sum, and in preference to sending to Victoria, Mr. Solomon Blay received the appointment which was another instance of resorting to the pension list. What had fallen from the hon. member for Franklin was correct, and ho concurred, that any Ministry who would make now appointments without reference to the pension list would not doservo tho confidence of tho Jura«; and it was also true that thoy had no right wuk the head of a department, who had retired on . Im pension, to tako an offico not equal in dignity nnd eoioliuneut (hear, hear), and that was the principio Adopted. Tlio lion, and learned, mombor road some w the names in thonension list, and said most of then were worn-out servants of tho Government, or »ere rendered incapable, and the choice of persons to lill vacancies would bo found to be very limited indeed. Assuming the principio laid down by tho hen. member for Franklin to bo accoptod, ho should »gree to the resolution. Mr. DAVIE8 was quite assured tho Ifonso would î?'? "l0 roBoluti°n, notwithstanding tho nttompt of . the hop. member for Franklin, with his usual wit, to «st ridiculo on it. Tho wording of tho resolution did not admit of such an application as ho had mado of it, to call on Arohdoacon Davies or Bishop Nixon » perform cortain dution of an inferior charactor, but he took tho samo viow of It as the Attoroey-Gonorul, w»tw taking a porson from tho pension list, ho Mould¡not be required to take an omeo of a leas grado mi, ll°Pravio«8ly nllod. Aftor what hud beon ma by the Attorney-Oononil as to rocont appoint monlB, ho must refer to an instanco in which hu did not think his argument held good. Ho thought a Rentleman in tho north-west of the colons', Mr. rmn, who had long been in the service, would havo poon chgiblo for the offico of Director of Public works_ . ïho COLONIAL TREASURER : Ho is not in the «ni »ervice. Mr-DAVIES: Yes, clerk of tho works. Iho COLONIAL TREASURER: Ho is not on we pension list, and has only boon omployod tom poranly, ' r ' Mr. DAVIES : Ho Ima boen a long lime omployod. nowevor he did not wish to press that on tho House ; ".".** °f to tho ponsion list (hear, hoar), and he »nuea to assert, that whorovor h vacancy ocourrod, wo list should ho roforrod to, to ascertain if an ». . tpoïî°n could bo found' and if »°»tho Govorn ment should havo no option. It was an important ..riv ' *T.*ouM ovcutually dccroase tho liabilities oa the pension list. ' Cwif jSu?»GPS0N ! What wiU y°U d° WÎth lb° fli'rn.Pfy1^' I.don't «no«. '«*I °tw helP tt>tha* ttïïioi,,Mti* ,hBll «»joy »»eh a largo pension. , .,2"* awttnion here took placo as to the wording 01 Uti »»tien, nnd i( wai altered by the fotrv4iW,i9U .of words to the effect that tho person should be " suitable for the appointment." Mr. GREGSON thought tho House should be very careful in what they did, as regarded tho prcsont motion. Tho COLONIAL TREASURER thought it would bo vory unwiso on tho part of tho House to adopt this motion, and reminded bon. members that parties over 60 years of ago, woro privileged by the Act from being called upon. The motion, as amended, was then put and passed. POLICE POKCE. Mr. DAVIES, pursuant to notieo, naked the hon. Attorney-General " whctbbr it is the intention of the Government to tako any steps for placing tho control of the whole police forco of tho colony in tho hands of the Executive Government Í" the lion, member premising his question by remarking that he was not permitted by tho rules of tho House to do moro than simply ask the question, which he now did, his obj'cct being to ascertain tho intentions of tho Government on this subject. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied that ho could only specifically answer tho question. Ho was not in a position to Btnto tho views of tho Govern ment, and the only answer he could give to the question wns a Bimple negative. ^ PniVItEOB. Mr. C. MEREDITH, before tho next notice wns called on, wished to speak on a question of privilege. A document had been laid upon the table of that House reflecting on the conduct of himself, and also reflecting on tho hon. member for Pembroke. As that document had beon laid upon the tablo, it could be referred to at tho end of 20 years, and no contra- diction to those nttacks would appear. He did not wish for tho whole corrospondenco to bo produced, but would content himself by moving " that tho motion, that that petition bo received, be'rescinded." The COLONIAL TREASURER presumed thnt the hnn. member referred to the petition sont to his Excellency by Mr. Fielding Browno, and ho would say in reference to that, that if the hon. member for Kingborough would movo that that petition bo burned, he (the hon. Treasurer) would second it. Mr. C. MEREDITH thought it would bo better to rescind the motion that it be received. Tho SPEAKER remarked that the petition was not presented by a private member. The COLONIAL TREASURER would ask leave to withdraw it. Leave granted, and petition withdrawn. 1IOABO OP W011KS SI-RISO BAY. Mr. C. MEREDITH moved " that all correspon pondence between the bon. tho Colonial Treasurer and tho Board of Works, Spring Bay, with respect to the construction of tho road between Buck Ian 1 and the Sheep Wash, bo laid upon the table of this House." Tho hon. meinbor in intro- ducing the motion read to the House a motion on the samo subject standing in his name, and published in the vote's nnd proceedings of 10th September, 186S, The bon. member in continuation said the board of works referred to, originally con- sisted of tho mombers of tho municipal council of Spring Bay, and that aftorwards a representation was mado that thorn were two members of tho board with whom the remainder could not net, but imme- diately after the proaont Colonial Treasurer got into office, he packed tho board and thoso two persons who wero of such a temper that no ona could net with thom, were appointed on the now board, and having got a majority decided upon having the road referred to constructed at un expenco of £1000 or £1200, ovorv shilling of which was thrown away. The hon. Colonial Treasurer, in answer to objections mado by him (Mr. Meredith) ns to tho proposod road, said he would send down a competent officer to report upon it, and the hon. member had since sent him the pinn. The hon. momher hero read the gradients on tho chart, and said that ha had stated that it had boen proposed to takis tho road over a hill, which 'he considered to bo SOO foot hiuli. and had obinctcd to the road being talton over that hill, thero being in his opinion no necessity for it, and now, looking at tho chart, ho found that this hill was no less than Û70 foot high. Having again referred to the gradients, tho lion, membor said the hon. Treasurer would see by thom, that tho monoy which had boen expondod on this road, prior to sur- vey, was ontiroly thrown away. Ho was anxious to got tho correspondence to seo how it was that tho work had been proceeded with, as if the Board of Works had either through ignoranco or mismanage- ment caused this wasto of the publio monoy, they should bo removed. Ho (Mr. Meredith) had taken every precaution, and had dono all ha could to warn the Government against the expenditure, but still this wasto of public monov took plneo. Tim COLONIAL TREASURER had no objection to furnish tho correspondence, and remarked that so far from tho Board being packed by the picsont Government, tho mombors selected Wera men who represented the interests of both sides the river. Tho Board was equally divided, and for twelve months nothing was done Mr. 0. MEREDITH could assure tho lion, member that tho work was goine; on all tho timo. The COLONIAL TREASURER in continuation, said it had boen stated that tho now road was im- passable, and Mr. Wedge, district surveyor, had boen appointed by the Govornmont to inspect and report upon it, and tho preciso woids of tho surveyor were that this was tho greatest improvement that had over boen made in that district. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said ho had taken the opinion of six independent individuals who lind travollod the road complained off, and Uley nil said that so far from the new road being impagsablo, it was a much bettor road than the old ono. Tho lion, member having ulso made u fow remarks with refer- ence to tho difference of gradient, adding that ho might, however, be misinformed on this point. Mr. C. MEREDITH siid tho Government lacked information, und had really bcon misinformed. Tho road from Bucklund up to Richmond, instead of going round the hill, had been taken over it. The motion waa then put and passed. launceston amp deloraine RAILWAY nrSTUICT POLL. Mr. BALFE informed tho IIouso that it was not his intention to proceed with tho notice standing in hisnume, fortho " copy roply of tho Roturning Oflicor to"a letter signed by 'B.T.Solly,' numbered 4", in paper 16, vol. IG of tho journals of tho Houso." HOAD FROM LAUNCESTON TO SCOTSDALE. Mr. J. R. SCOTT withdrew his motion for an address for the potition prosontcd to His Excellency with respoot to this road, tho hon. membor stating that tho matter had bion reforrod to in the finance statement made by the hon. Colonial Treasurer. rnlviLKQB. Mr. PRATT roso to movo :-" Whereas it appoars from tho report of tho trial in the causo Balfe v. ¿avies, in tho Supremo Court of Tasmania, as pub- lished in tho Hobart Town newspapers of tho 14th and lflth of January last-1. That an ngrcoment was ontercd into on tho 1.1th of auno, 18G8, botweon John Davies and John Donallun Balfo (both of whom were then, and are now, mombers of tho Houso of Assembly, in tho Parliament of Tasmania), fottering tho free- dom of vote in this Houso : 2. That an action at law nroao out of tho said agreement, whereupon John Davies (tho membor for Devon), in order to avoid tho pecuniary consoquoncos of a breach thoreof, ontorod aploaon tho records of tho Supremo Court of Tas- mania that such ngreomont wai void because opposed to public policy : 3. That tho jury before whom tho said causo was tried found by tlioir verdict that such agreement (boing accompatiiod by poouniary con- siderations fottering thu voto of ono of tho members I of this Houso) was opposed to public policy ; It is, I therefore, tho opinion of this House, that a copy of tho said agroemont, togothor with a copy of tho plendings and tho finding of tho jury in tho caUBO Balfe v. Davie*, bo forthwith laid upon tho tnblo of this IIouso. " Tlio hon. mem- ber having reforrod to tho abovo notieo, said ho did not wish to trespass on the patience of tho Houso in introducing the motion standing on tho notieo paper in his name, but as ho had understood that th abovo notieo was rather informal as introduc- ing reasons, ho would ask loavo of tho Houso toamond tho motion by tho substitution of tho following words for all tho words foregoing : -" That a copy of tho agreomont, togothor with a copy of tho pleading!, and tho finding of tho jury in tho causo Balfe v. JJaviei (two mombors of this House) tried boforo His Honor Sir Vulontino Fleming in the Supremo Court of Tns ' mania on tho 13th and 14th of January last, bo forth with laid upon the table of tliH House.'" lu bring- | ing this motion boforo the House, tho hon. montbor ) said ho know ho incurred no slight responsibility, and i it might, perhaps, bo Biiid that it should* have boen left to nn older mombor of tho Houso. Novor thcltss, ho was hore as ono of tho representa- tives of tho pooplo, and as such ha felt bound whon ho thought tho privilogos of tho Houso wero infringod to cnll attontion to it, and no matter what .might bj tho position or powor of the party to whom it was nocossary to mako rofoi-ouco, ho should never shrink from doing his duty, and this ho would do ovon '"at the risk of [bringing down odium upon himself. Thoy would romombor that during tho wholo time of tho last sosBion there had beon a kind of literary wedlock betweon two lion, mombors of that Houso, botwoon two mombors who had boforo then written and said vory hard things of ono another. -That union was both startling and snggestivo, and that union lasted during the wholo timo of tho session, but immodiutoly afterwards it was broken up. An notion was then brought by tho hon. member for tho Franklin against tho bon. mombor for Davon, and then carno ont what othorwlso novor would havo como out, namely, tho fact that tho utorary union 01 those two mombors was for tho purposo of controlling the vota of the lion, mombor for the Franklin by tho lion, momber for Devon, and that they had become bound to ono another in that way. (Mr. Balfo : No.) Thou ho (Mr. Pratt) trusted that bon. member would clear himsolf boforo the Houso to tho credit of himsolf and tho country at largo, and ho (Mr. Pratt) should only bo too glad if tho hon. mombor for the Franklin could so clear him- self. But it was clear from the proceedings in tho Supremo Court that tho bon. mombor for Davon had fottorod tho voto of tho hon. mombor for tho Frank- lin, and the hon. nnd loarnod Attornoy-Gonorul, than counsel for tho defendant, lind, on that occasion, usod all his ability to show that tho han. mombor for the Franklin was sp bound, and what he (Mr. PrattVwaptcd these papers for was, that the Houso might got at'tho root of. tho matter; to soo if tho hon. member for Devon liad been guilty of fettering the Tri« of th« bon. member forth,« FrimkHn, ana if tho latter bon. membor had so sold his voto. But if the hon. member for the Franklin could Bhow that he had not sold his vote, he (Mr. Pratt) said, lot that hen. member clear himself, and dispel tho cloud that was hanging over both those hon. mombors, and lot the hon. membor for Devon do tho samo. The House had had explanations from both thoso hon. mombors, and thoso explanations might have been satisfactory to some, but they had not been so to all, and it this matter were to be thus allowed to be glossed over, ho (Mr. Pratt) would say that thoy wore unworthy to bo the representatives of tho people under constitutional Government. Lot hon. mom bers look at tho circumstances attending this case. Tho bon. members disagreed, and Mr. Balfo threat- ened tho law against Mr. Davies, and Mr. Davies thon said that Mr. Bulfo dare not do this, as ho (Mr. Balfe) had entered into nn agrcomont with him, which Mr. Balfo knew would not bear the light of day. Tho hon. member (Mr. Pratt) thon referred to tho third clause of tlio ugreomont, put in on the hear- ing of the causo in the Supremo Court, and remarked that it appeared 01 tho trial that the hon. mombor for the Franklin had had first placed before him aclauso which would bind him to vote in the House in favor tint «ni» nf whiif. ho himself wroto in tho paper, but also to vote in favor oí what any other person wrote. But tho hon. mombor for the Franklin would not do that, and that part of the agreement was altered accordingly; but it appoared on tho hearing, that ovidonco of this could not bo adduced, as the question turned upon the words of tho written agreement, but if the hon. mombor for the Franklin could now provo this, as ho (Sir. Pratt) thought he could, ho should be very happy to hear him do so. The case proceeded, and evontunlly it went boforo a jury, and that jury by their verdict did docide that the hon. member for tho Franklin had sold his vote to tho hon. mombor for Dovon. (Mr. Balfe : They did nothing of the kind.) (Mr. Davies : Bosh !) Perhaps ho (Mr. Pratt) had put it too strong, but the jury decidod at lonst, that tho agreement was opposed to public policy, and even the bon. Attorney-General had himsolf said that that agreement trammelled the votdof tho hon. member for Franklin in that House, and in,support of that opinion had quoted the highest legal authorities. The jury had then decidod that that agrcomont was against public policy, and tho wholo of tho ovidenco and of tho proceedings had been mado public, and part of the filthy record of tho evidonco hnd not only beon published hore, but had been mado public also in other parts of tho world. Thoy had had two explanations. Tho hon. member for Devon had given his explanation, tho substance of that statement being that he had entered into the agreement innocently,-very innocent that hon. member was,-and further that he had overlooked the fact that tho agreoment was against public policy, and that it was illegal, until his atten- tion was directed to these facts by his lawyer. Then tho hon. member for Dovon said what he would do, that he would go to tho Supreme Court, and exposo the wholo agreement. (Mr. Davies : Of course.) It was all vory woll.nnd it might suit that bon. mombor to mako tho above statement, but would it suit the hon. mombors of that House ? Ha (Mr. Pratt) did not mean to Bay that tho hon. member for the Frank- lin had sold his vote, but it was notorious that the I hon. member for Devon had said that he had bought tho hon. momlier for tho Franklin body and soul,nnd if this matter should go boforo a Court of Inquiry.as he (Mr. Pratt) hoped it would, ho would bring wit- nesses to provo that the hon. member for Devon did say so. Tho hon. member for Dovon had said " boah," but that hon. member had put the plea on record, that tho agreement was against public policy, for the purpose of avoiding the pecuniary penalty, aftor having discharged Air. Balta at a moment's notice. Then tho hon. mombor for Franklin in his explana- tion said that ho never intended to fotter his voto, but had loft himsolf in that respect porfuctly free. Now lot thom look at tho conduct of that lion, mom- bor. That bon. member said that whon tho agree- ment was put befora him ho disliked the clause bind- ing him to support by his voto in tho Homo all that appeared in tho columns of tho paper, and that in consequence of his objection in that point, something olso was written ; that ho would not havo the clauso as it originally stood, and the clause was so altered as to make him rosponsiblo only for that which ho him- self wrote, to preserve his own consistency as an editor. That was acting usjan honest man. Mr. Balfe feared nothing and determined to go to Court, and thcro maintain that ho was innocont. But when the verdict of the jury that tho agreement waa against public policy was given, Mr. Balfo informed tho public that ho was not sntisfiod with tho verdict, and that ho would moot his constituency mid oxplain the wholo matter. But Mr. Balfe had not dono this. And thon Mr. Balfo had also said that he wished only justbo to bo dono. In that Mr. Balfe actod as mi honest man, and " an honest man was tlio noblost work of God." Ho (Mr. Pratt) trusted thon that as Mr. Balfe bad not fulfilled thoso provisions ho would now entor into an explanation to tho House. He (Mr. Pratt) had now porformod a disagrcoablo duty, but ho hoped ho had given no unnecessary offence. Ho nover would nover havo brought tho subject for- ward if tho hon. membor for the Franklin had ful- filled his promise, and hnd submitted his caso to the House, but instead of doing this thnt lion, momber had said that ho had tho highest authority that tho Houso could not deal with tho question. Whilst his (Mr. Pratt's) remarks had necessarily been severe, ho lind felt himself compelled to make thom ; ho had refrained from any personalties, but when ho felt it to behisduty to dischargoan unpleasant task, he would not Hinch from tho pcrforanco ofthat duty, nor would ho ovor indulge in personalty in doing so. Ho would now movo for the papers contained in his notice The bon. member then road tho motion as amonded, and in conclusion said that ho had not been acting in concert with any othor person, but he yet trusted that his motion would not remain without a seconder. ? . Mr. BALFE would second the motion, but boforo tho question was put, tho lion, mo.nbor remarked that there were ono or two things which ho could not let pass without explanation. Tho hon. mombor who had brought this motion forward, had spoken with a considerable amount of excitement, for no doubt that lion, momber won most careful of tho honor of Parliament. But. tho hon. member seemed wholly .to havo lost sight of tho difforonco between an agree- ment against public policy and a corrupt bargain. That it was an agreement against public policy was tho issue put, and as ho (Mr. Balfo) had oxplainod boforo, a man might outer into nn illegal bargain quito innocently, but it did not follow that it was necessarily a corrupt ono. The hon. member (Mr. Balfe) then referred to a casa reported in The Time*, in which it appeared that just prior to tho election, a Mr. Macintosh, partner of ono of the candidates who was afterwards placed at tho head of tho poll, had cntorod into a contract for the supply to the Govern- ment of certain articles, tho vnluo of which was set down at £112s. 5d. Upon this, a petition was prosonted and the cloction was held to bo illegal. Now in that caso tho gontlcman referred to was not aware that his partner had sold any of thoso articlos to the Govornmont, but it wns hold that tho election was illegal, but no corruption was charged ; in fnot tho unseatod candidato was hold blameless. Tho question had beon raised whethor the agreement entered into between tho lion, mombor for Dovon and himself was agaiiiBt public policy ; and again, was it a corrupt .agreement, and in reply to the latter, he would say that hon. mombors should look at tho results of that bargain, and ho would ask if that agroomont had had tho effect of changing tho tono of any ono singlo argument which ho (Mr. Balfo) had overused, or had liad any effect upon any singlo vota. Un donied that nny such effect had boon produced ; but, continued tho lion, mombor, if he had in consequence- of that i ngrooment turned round and changed ono single argument or voto, it could then havo boon said that ho had ontorod into a corrupt bargain ; but ho defied any ono to point out thnt the agreomont between Mr. Davies and himself had altered either his opinions or his voto in nny «¡nedo instanco. On tho contrary, there was ovory evidonco to show that ho had dono all in his power to provont anything boing ngreod upon whioh could bo said to bo against publia policy. Svtion ho found that tho agreement »aid ho was bound to tho policy of The Mercury, ho said " no," hn would only bo responsible for what ho wroto himsolf. Tho hon. Attornoy-General put a question to him in tho Supremo Court, which had ho (Mr. Balfe) known as much then as ho did now he should have declinad to have answered, and ho would in referenco to that question ask now, in what position would tho Attor noy- Gonoral bo in if he, on tho evo of a division on a voto of want of confidence in tho Ministry, wore to come down to tho House ana near arguments wmou .would alter his opinion. Would ho, notwithstanding he wiiB couvincod of tho truth ot tho nrgumonts adverso to tho Govornmont, still voto for thom ? Would that bo ugninst public policy ? It had boon said by a membor of tho Houso of Commons that ho had often been convinced by argument that ho was wiong, but ho had nover changed his voto ? Tho bon. mombor having referred to nnothor caso, con- tinued hy saying that so far ns the agroooiont boiwoen Mr. Davies and himself wont, thoro was nota singlo word about "corruption" used during tho whole of tho trial, no (Mr. Balfo) was barred from giving ovidonco outsido tho writton contract, but directly the trial was ovor, oartain persons anxious to damago him, had stated that he had cntorod into a corrupt bargain, and lind sold his voto. And who wero thoso poisons who had nccusod him of having entered into a corrupt agreomont ? Thoy wero men who wore a «lUgraco to any socioty. It was truo ho had not " pliyod his cards" well, still ho was not to como there to bo insulted by every ponpin jay. What! was he not worth £5 awook as oditor of that papor without selling his vote ? And tho very man who brought this chargo forward against him, know that ho (Mr. Balfo) was not corrupt. If ho had boon, ho woul 1 not have fought the battles of tho Huon for tho list sixteon years ns ho had dono. Tho bon. member (Mr. Pratt) said that ho (Mr. Ball») had made a promise of explanation in that Houso, which he had not fulfilled. Ho did mako that pro niso, and ho should havo ful- filled it.but the hon. Sjieaker told him that no notion could bo takon in tho matter in that Houso, yot still thoso gentlomon to whom ho had referred, must still throw dirt and filth at him, and it stiomod to him Ibit thoy did know tho differonoj botwoon nn illogal and a cnruipt contract. The contract was illogal, but hu did not know that at tho time, and was ho to outer into a Borvico without tbo safe-guard of any agreement P The hon. member (Mr. Pratt) had oom . forward tu a very appropriate advocate of the putity of Parliamentary Govern. mont. Could that lion, member say ai rauoh in vüvNcaWvB. of W» owft porlty m W when that hoo. member had impoachod ? Ho (Mr. Balfo) cared nothing for the insinuated slandors upon his j character. He defied any scrutiny in that Hoi te, or scrutiny bofore any other tribunal. Ho courted in- ! vestigntion, and his only regret was that ho could not havo it conducted ns Btrictly as ho desired. But the bon. member (Mr. Pratt) would no doubt consolo himself with tho reflection that ho had discharged his duty to his Kountry, and placed his own morality in a light before tho public, whioh ho (Mr. Balfo) noithor wished to aspiro to, or to occupy, nnd ho trusted that boforo tho cnquiiy was over tho hon. member would learn tho difference between an Ulogal and a corrupt contract, and there woro mon in that House who would soon know what that hon. member's capabilities and qualities were. Mr. SIBLEY regretted that there had been so much bad temper displayod. (Mr. Balfo : I have reason ; that hon. member has none.) Tho whole colony knew of tho arrangement which had boen entered into botweon tho hon. momber for Devon and tho hon.' member for tho' Franklin, and ho thought it was the absolute duty of that House to vindicate its honor. Thoy know what tho agreement was whioh bad benn ontered into, and thoy know what plea the hon. mombor for Devon had placed on the record. He (Mr. Sibley) did not do it 'with any feeling on I either side, but ho thought both those hon. members should havo tho oppoitunity of vindicating them- selves to that House. It was on the record that an agreement had been entered into which was against public policy, and the House was bound to look into the question, for, if it wore to bo overlooked, they would overlook their duty to themselves and the country at largo, and he was very glad therefore that the bon. member for Hobirt Town (Mr. Pratt) had brought forward his motion. Tho motion was then p it and passed. Mr. PRATT, in explanation, said he had had no wish to hurl any accusation of immorality against the hon. mombor for the Franklin. Ho thought that hon. member had misnndorstood him, for ho (Mr. Pratt) had said that tho hon. mombor would como out clean, and he therefore thought the hon. member had done bim injustice in the remarla that the hon. mombor had just made. Mr. BALFE should always express his regret when ho misunderstood any hon. mombor. MEMORIAL OF viig. I.UTTK1M Li Mr. BALFE moved " that an address bo pre- sented to His Excolloncy tho Governor, praying that ho will causo a copy of the momorial forwarded by Mrs. Luttrell to the Exeontivo Council, to bo laid on the table of this House." Tho COLONIAL TRFASURTJR said this enso had beon fully considorod by tho Legislativo Coun- cil last session, and referred the lion, member to Íiapcr No. 6 of the Council, 1867, but ho would now ay the memorial on the table for the information of tbe lion, member. NEW BILL8. Mr. John SCOTT obtained leavo to bring in the following Bills :-1. " A Bill to mako moro effectual provisions for paving the streets, and other public places in the town of Liuncaston ;" 2. " A Bill to amend the qualification of persons ontitletl to bo burgessos under the Launceston Corporation Act, and forother purposes ;" 3. " A Bill to anthoriso the Govornor-in-Council to grant a portion of the Eastorn Swamp to the Mayor, Aldermon, and burgesses of tho town of L lunceston." Bills brought in, road a first timo, order made for printing, and second readings made Or lera of the Day for Thursday next. ' DISTUXATIOX. Dr. BUTLER said that ^io wished to allow his motion for leavo to 'bring in a "Bill to legalise Distillation" to lapso, as tho Bill was already on the ( table of the Houso. ' t NOTICES HY LEVAT.. The following notices of motion'were given by j leavo. ' < Mr. BARRETT, to-morrow, ".to move that tho i penalty attached to the Hobart Town Corporation Bye i law, No. 63, bo amended by making it not exceeding 40a., instead of not oxcoodiug jbiu. . Sir. Jamos SCOTT, to move " that an address be presented to nis Excelloncy tho Governor, praying that His Excellency will bo pleased to causo to be luid upon tho table of this IIouso the papers and documenta relating to the oschoatcd estate of tho lato Christopher Howell, mid tho purposed distribution of tho said estate." (To-morrow.) Six o'clock. Houso adjourned for refreshment. EVENING SITTING. The Speaker resumed tho chair at 7 o'clock. ! CU08S AXI) n\'E UOAUR DILL. Tho Houso wont into committee to consider the Cross and Bvo Roads Bill. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL suggested that in | tho clauses to which han. members had no opposition I it should bo sufficient to read tho marginal refer oncos. In submitting the interpretation clause, ho ; said that tho words valuation roll had bcon made to includo tho nssossmont roll, and tho term landholder ¿neant owners and occupiers of property worth not loss than £ló. With regard to this, the question was whothor it was not too high a sum, and to him thorn scorned to bo a general impres- sion that it was. Ho pointed out that thora wore many estates in tho colony represented by agents, holding powers of nttornoy. Thoso ho had omittod as landholders for tho reason that if mon were not hero to look after their own propertios, if thoy resided elsewhere, and took thoir incomos out of tho country thoy had no real interest in tho colony, and thoroforo thoir agonts should not morely by virtue of his agency ha doomod a landholder. Another reason why he had omittod tho clauso was that ono man might hold powors of attorney for sovarul os tatos, and so be ontitlod under the old Act to vote for each. The qualification for a landlord ho thought should certainly ho reduced to £10 or oven £8. Various amounts were hore suggostod by sevorul hon. mombors, ranging botwoon £5 and £12. Mr. BALFE thonght that £.i was a sudlciont qualification. Ho wanted to know if tho pooplo of this colony wcro worse us a class than thoso in other countrios.that only largo landholders and proprie- tors woro to bo ontrusted with other votes, that hundreds should bo deprived of a vote whilo ono man held ton. Ho know of no other placo in which such 'n stato of things as that existed. Ho had enquired into the systom of tho adjacant colonies, and fonnl it did not exist thora and- rocontly ho had got an official paper from Now Zealand, which showed to him after looking over the different districts and provinces that thoro was not a singlo locality but in which every man who paid rates had a vote. Somo had three votes and others had noven, but thoro was no moro than sovon votes held by any one man. Tho systom hore appeared to ha to keop tho powor to ono class, and exeludo tho groat mass of tho people Now with rogard to this £10, ho knew how it would bo in the other House, thoy would do all thoy could to keop out the small farmer. Tho small farmers woro thp moBt interested in the roads, and yet thoy woro in trio Bill excluded from privileges which thoy ought to have as a right. Why should ono rulo obtuin hero so directly opposite to that of any other colony ? Ho maintained it was a disgrace to the country, and the time had arrived now whon such advancement was being modo towards giving the nuffrago to the entire of tho pooplo in Britain that this blot should So removed from our midst. From the system of kooping tho power in the hands of the fow largo landed proprietors, this colony hod dotorioratod, had fallen in the esteem of tho neigh- bouring colonies, and was now tho most contemned, tho most despisod, and tho most impoverished placo in tho British dominions. (No, no ; confusion.) lion, mombors might cry no, as long as thoy liked, but ho would say yes. It was only tho other day ho took up an Adolaido paper, and in- perusing it, came across a discussion with reference to tho maintenance of roads, and ono gontlomnn said that if thor rojectod tho bill, if thoy refused assistanco forthomuintonsnco of tho roads, thoy would ho reducod to the position of Tasmania, tho despised of tho colonios. Hon. mombors had bcon told a night or two ago that tho colony maintained its credit abroad ; woll our credit was that which ho had statod-despised. (No.) Yos. Tho position hera was unoxamplod. Only ono olass was ropresontod in that Houso. Look at tho registry and at tho class of voters-that Houso was hold iii confoTipt hv tho whole oónntrv. Tho COLONIAL TREASURER: Oh! Mr. BALFE : Tho lion, mombor might s»y " Oh," but thora was nobody in thnt houso moro inolinod to bo offensivo than tho hon, momber, (A, laugh.) The hon. mombor might hugh too, but ho (Mr. Balfo) romemborod when ho was in tears when ho only had six on his side of tho Houso to support bim. Tho timo liad arrived when.tho pooplo, and not morely ono section, should bo ropresontod, and ho should proposo to the committoo that everybody paying rates thould bo ontitled to vote. Dr. BUTLER said ho was considerably acquainted with tho country, and ho know of no placo in which thoso whojmight bo fairly designated farmers, who could not pay a groatnr amount than £J. Ho behoved it would bo a curso to tho country to havo tho lands occupied by what woro commonly tormod small farmers, mon, who, without capital could not from small holdings oka out enough to support thoir homos, and must bo idle tho better part of thoir time. What wo wanted was mon of tho gonuino yooman school, mon with sutUclontly largo aveas of land that would produce enough to rcspoctably bring up a family. Ho believed it to bo only right that holders of properties with only £5 or £10 a yoar, should bo placed in a position subsidiary to othor employers of labour. Tho country would bo per- manently injured by »maller hablara, who would not bo able to employ thoir own timo, and would thoro- foro bocomo idlo ; tho idlo would becomo improvidont and the improvidont would bocomo worso. Tho country wanted tho old stylo of youmen, and to pró- vido tor that class in tho Bill would bonofit tho country nt largo. Ho did not believe in tho univorsal tnffrngo systom proposod by the hon, momber for Franklin. Mr. BALFE : I did not say universal suffrage Dr. BUTLER had misiindorstood tho hon. mombor. In this bill, tho two classos should bo soparatod. If thoy carno to. the question of franchisa, thon it might bo said that ovory man was ontitled to i tho privilogo, butin thisosso it was only tho elootion of landholders, who woro trustees to protoot tho rights > ofproidrty, nu amalgamation and congregation to ' eftbot abonofit.Ipatoad of having the roads managed by " ono or two, it was proposod that ovory ono having a i real'Interest should havo a voice in the protection of ? his property, and it was the only' fair wayi-a woy i adopted by all companies. He did not think the i ' ben. membor fer FrauWta had. a right to anticipate that tho committee intondod dealing with tho bill in any but a liberal way. Ila boliovod that House re- presented tho people of the country, and not property to an undue extent, and that when the Bill came out of committeo tho anticipation of tho hon. mem- ber would bo found to bo incorrect. Ho wns sure tho Bill would receive libornl considér- ation at tho hands of tho House, and ho trusted that bon. members would divest thomsolves of any fooling, that they should do bo in the same mode that thoy would do with tho franchiso. The two questions wore very different, in one was concerned the valuation of property, in tho othor porsounl rights. Ho was sorry that in tho heat of a moment tho hon. member had givou utterance to un- guarded expressions. Ho (Dr. Butler) had boen nearly all his lifo in tho country, and could on look- ing at tho legislators of tho other colonies, say that thoso of Tasmania was quito on a par with" thom. Thoy had dono nothing to deservo tho denunciation of tho non. mombor for Franklin, that thoy wore held in contempt, or that they were despised, and ho was just as confident that the landholders did not merit the assertion that they tried to oppress tho lower classes. Ho trusted that the hon. gentleman would find his accusation unjust, when tho Bill had gone through committee, and would then withdraw tho expression. Mr. SHARLAND said that tho old act had worked tolerably well, but still by it pro- perty was represented too much. Tho quostion now, was how much had property decreased in valuo. Had it doprecinted one-tnird in valuo ? Ho did not think they should drop down too much at once ; ho would not uko to soe the balance hithorto subsisting destroyed, but ho would agree to lower tho amount of tho qualification. Tho question was should it bo £10 or £12, for £5 was out of the question. After soma furthor remarks from the hon. mombor, Mr. James SCOTT in reviewing tho clauso, ob- served that if a mun paid sixpence in tho pound on his property, he would pay at a £5 qualification 2s. 6d. and that would enable him to have a voto. Under tho Bill occupiers wero allowed votes up to ten in numbor. Now, supposing ton persons had property to the amount of £15 each, that would represent ten votes ; another man having property worth £400 would also have ton votes, and ho could stand against the whole of the other ten. Ho (Mr. Scott) considered that if a man paid 2s. Cd. ho was entitled to a voto, and that, in fact, it was unfair to call upon a man to pay rates, and at tho samo time deprivo him of n right to voto. Ho, for one, did not beliovo that tho landholders wished to oppress the poor. Mr. BALFE said that hon. members wore under a misapprehension if thoy thought ho said the landed proprietors oppressed tho poor ; what ho meant to convey was, that os a class thoy opposed the reduction from £15 to £10. Ho had himself proposed the reductions twice in that Houso, and was opposed. Ho did not agree with tho hon. mombor for Brighton. In the other colonies every man who paid rates had a vote, and the num- ber of votes to any ono person never amounted to so many as ton. Such a sy stom was far more liberal than their own, and ob a result the other colonies wera more prosperous than wo wore. Take, as things wore at present, a man going into the bush, say to that earthly paradiso, George's Bay, and purchased oighty Hores of land, and paid ready money for it ; supposing ho paid £100 for it, what would he bo valued at ? Dr. BUTLER : Over five pounds. Mr. BALFE : Certainly not. It would bo threo, four, or five years boforo he would bo entitled to a vote. The aim of tho Houso should not bo to exclude, and thoy would seo this wero they to look at the assessment, and see tho number oxcludod. By tho reduction in the valuo ia property, it was a lifficulty in Woodstock to got ton landholders to sign i requisition to conveno a meeting of landholders. What induced him to spoak so warmly on tho sub cot was tho contrast wo pre3onted to tho othor ¡olonios. Ho oould not see why wo should not idopt the samo principle as tho other colonie?, and :ontbr tho samo privileges. A man could go to Adelaida, or to New South Wales, or to Queensland, or Now Zoaland, ana enjoy priviiogcs that wore doniod him here. And whut wäre wo tho better for it. Would any hon. mombor Buy that wo wero in udvanco of the othor colonies. On the contrary we mado the people hero loso all interest by confining tho privileges to a fow ; everything was so narrowed down that thoro could not possibly bo an incontive to the mosses to tuko any interest in tho legislation of tho colony. Mr. DAVIES said tho timo had arrived whon thoy should consider tho claims of thoso interested in the election of trustees to road districts in tho samo way they would considor the alteration of the franchise Ho did not agroo with tho bon. mombor for Brighton on that point, but thought that a piiaclplo should bo adopted and placed on such a firm basis na would allow ovory leaseholder and frooholdor to fool that ho had got a voico ia tho control of the roads. It should bo the same with the electoral fran- chise, Tho pcoplo could not fool any intorost in the institutions of tho colony if thoy found thoy wore debarred from tho privileges exorcised by thoir neighbours, and thoroforo tho Houso should considor this qiiustion on tho samo basis as thoy would the franchisa after tho taking of the consus. Tho hon. momber for Brighton admitted that there had boen a depreciation in ino valuo of proporty, and tho question resolved itself into what should bo tho qualification, whother it should bo reducod from £15 to £10, or to £12, for ho could not seo on any principle of justice why anybody should bo deprived ot a prlvllogo, only bocauso his proporty had do creasod in valuo. Having that viow ho thought lie should go in for tho £10 qualification. Ho could not yet say- and it would bo well for bon. mombors to well weigh tho subject boforo giving a final de- cision-whother he would supporta lower valuation, but ho would not. at any r.xto, support a higher ono than £10. He thought that the freeholder should bo placed on the samo footing ns tho doctors, and that sum might bo fixod ns the minimum for the oxorciso of tho power. With regard to tho voting clause, and tho right of one man to hold ten votos, tho timo hnd gono by for suoh an extoat of powor ; and ho should oppose it. Mr. GIBLIN said there wore two reasons why thoy should deal with this mattur differently to that of tho oxtojsion of tho franchisa. One was that supposing they fixod thequalification at £Jinsteadof at £15, thoy placed moro than an equal balança of power in tho possession of thoso who had not tho intorost in tho districts tho large landowners hnd, and nnothor reason was that in giving this voting powor thoy wore roally dealing with elections to tho logis lutiiro, for that powor electod the persons who fixed tho assossmont. Hon. mombors should carefully con- sider what thoy wore doing, for if they struck out tho clauso thoy would place tho powor exclusively in the hands of the lowest soot of the community who would bo able to ontnumber in votes the other class and make it subservient. Ho thought such a policy would bo ruinous to the country,for theso mon could combine togother if thoy wore dosirous of carrying any measures, no mattor how injurious it might be, the landowners would bo impotont to pre- vent them ; and the result would bo that a flood of domocratic mon would como into that Houso to restrain and ohock legislation. Though ho would support a proposition to reduce tho amount to £10, ho would not agroo to a greator reduction. Mr. 0. MEREDITH obsorvod that after maturely considering tho subject, ho felt he must go in for tho £5, as what was wanted to mnko tho colony progress was that tho lands should bo takon up by the smaller class of f.irmors. Tho principio of the Government towards tho poorer olasses appeared to be, " wo'll tax you, but we'll give you no voto." As ho said before, thoy wanted small fanners to ocoupy the land.. Where ho resided tho largo landholders wore a curse ; the small holders wore those who had the welfare of tho colony truly at henrt. It had boon remarked that tbey could not support thomsolves ; that was an orronoous idea. Ho could mention instances in his own locality of persons possessing only an acre and a half of ground, who supported their wivos and families comfortably, and yet thoso mon hnd no voico in thoir representation, the rich mon carno in and swamped them with thoir ton votos oaoh, and then cut tho roads for thoir own bonofit. Ho would not speak of occupiers, but ho would giro ovory bona fide owner of property worth £o u yoar a vote. Dr. BUTLER movod that tho ¡ntorprotal clauso stand over for further consideration. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL explained that the franchiso for owners wns less than that for occupiers, tho minimum being in tho case of owners £10, and in tho caso of occupiers £lö. Mr. BALFF,, ia reply to tho lion, mombor for Hobart Town, said tho hon. momber scorned to assume tint if tho smaller classes had tho privilege it wns desired to givo thom, thoy would combino to- gether to out-voto tho other class, in fact that thoy would onter into a conspiracy to overwhelm tho largo property- holders. This was an unfair assertion, and would bo moro attentively listonod to in that Assembly than in the Working Mon's Club. Ab to tho lotting in of a flood of doiuocraoy-that was pre- posterous. Tho bon. mombor ngain referred to tho system in voguo in tho othor colonies, and concluded by saying that ns tho committoo wore apparently moro in favour of tho £10 than tho £<', ho would support It. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL said if ho under- stood the hon. mombor rightly, ha was of opinion that tho great owners of land wero against tho improvo nientP, whereas tho fact was tho smaller holders wera loss submiasiva to being taxed than others, and wore the roads toft to thom.thoy would got into u very mis- chievous state. Tho largo owners would havo roads, bocauso it oponod up the country, and allowod of produco boing brought to markot, and thoy woro desirous that all shoul I havo the bonofit oftho roads. Ho boliovcd it would bo bottor to put tho voting powor in th« distriots in tho hands of substantial mon. It would perhaps bo bottor to re-cast this clauso altogether, mid if it wero postpono 1 ho would do so. If it was the sonso of tho committoo that tho franchiso should bo £5 for au owner and £10 for an occupier, he would re-east tho clauso, and como down with tho now draft to-morrow night. Mr. DODERY alludod to tho great depreciation which had taken placo in tho valuo of propel ty iu tho country district« within the past fow years, und instnncad cases in his own district. If those persons woro entitled to tho franchiso boforo, why should thoy bo doprivod of it now ? Ho thought a porson should cortainly have a vote who paid ratos on a valuation of £ô. He boliovod ii, the valuation for an ocoupior was fixed at £10, ,that-'vro-y many persons wquU bo {brown out, "and a great injustice would, ho donc. Ho should submit a proposition that X15 bo struck out and £5 insortcd. Mr. SHARLAND thought that that would throw too muoh power into the hands of the working mon. Tho quostion was as to whether the road trustee) were to bo over-ruled by tho working mon of a dis- trict, who hnd no property, but were merely ocou piors, who paid their half-crown, or whether thoy should hu ovor- rulod by tho majority of the genonil body of lnndod proprietors. Tho working mon might bo collected in largo numbers on any question, and by their votes tho wealthy men might bo swamped. In his district ho folt sure tho property holders had taxed their own proportics for roads to a much greator extont than the working men would havo dono. He alluded to tho Huon district, and said thoy had hardlv taxed thomselves at all. Mr. BALFE said this wns incorrect. Thoro wero nix road tiusts in tho district, and they woro taxed lo tho oxtont of la., tho highest allowed by law. Mr. SIBLEY was at a loss to discover why a land owner should bo taxed at £3, and an occupier at £10. Who on earth had property that was rated at £5, and would lot at £ 10 ? Ho did not seo any necessity to reduce, oxcopting to meet tho reduction that had taken placo in tho vnluo of property. Ile could not understand tho object of this alteration. No ono had complained that ho had hoard of respecting tho ox ¡sling law. Ho had no objection to lower tbo fran- chise to its lowest ebb, but ho did not want to seo tho colony so far Ynnkooiscd na woro thoir neighbours across tho Straits. Thoro wns no occasion for it. Ho had, howover, no objection to the clause as it stood. Mr. DAVIES said there was littlo wonder that tho hon. momber had not heard of tho grumbling which had boon going on against tho existing law for somo timo past, for ho did not suppose it lind reached tho aristocratic sphoro, in which the lion, mombor walked. Although the bon. momber had not hoard of tho grumbling of tho poor working mon, thoy hnd boen perpetually grumbling for aomo timo past, nnd it was for this reason that the mensuro before tho Houso had boon brought forward. Tho hon. Attorney-Gonornl had heard of the grumbling in nil parts of tho colony, excepting tho very aristo- cratie pint of it represented by tho hon. momber, and hnd it not been for tho pressure brought to boar upon him, ho would not havo brought this measure boforo them. If this clause was now postponod, would it not bo necessary to recast clauso 14 at tho samo timo ? Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL said both clauses would require reconsideration, but he should wish I tho Houso to decido nt once tho principio on which the clauses should bo recast. Mr. C. MEREDITH felt confident that the truo principio was to tako from'tho largo holders of pro porty, and to give to the small holdors. Ho know a case now in his own distriot, where one mnn with two and a half acres paid as much as another man who had 6G0 aoros, and yot that man had not an equal vote. Throughout tho valuation roll they would see such anomalies. Tho large proprietors had a great many votes, and thoy completely swamped the littlo ones. They hold all the power and took tho rates and laid thom out on roads to thoir own privato properties. Lot thom docronso tho number of votes hold by those great proprietors, and give to tho mon who ronlly worked and cultivated tho lands. _ Ho boliovcd, as n rule, that thoy would find more intelligence among the mon who were only tho holdors of a fow pcrea than among thoso of the bloatod aristocrats-(laughter). Tho COLONIAL TREASURER undorstood tho bon. mombor for Kingborough to havo Baid that ho would havo tho francliiao fixod at a minimum of £-3 for ownors, and that ali mon should havo right to voto who woro tho oceupiora of property valued at £10. Ho boliovcd that would bo a fair thing. Ho would take tho opportunity of answering tho jromarks'of tho bon. member for tho Huon, where ha said that this was tho most despised colony of tho British Dominions. It was not a despised colony, but stood as well as any belonging to tho Crown. Ho bad boon attracted boro and had mado it his home, and while ho had lived hore ho had helped to makogood laws for tho pooplo. Ho hopod to live hero for many years longer, ana to continuo to help to make good'laws for tho pooplo, as was the duty of ovory honost representative. Ho denied that this was a dospisod colony, and regarding the franchise ovory election showed that mon were returned who would honestly strivo to do thoir best for the districts thoy ropresontod. Mr. DODERY moved that tho figures £13 bo struck out of the clause, and £5 inserted. Sir. GIBLIN proposed instoad that the clauso be amondod, so as to givo ono vote to overy ownor of proporty valued at £5, and to every occupier of pro- perty valuol at £10. According to tho rule ia committee the lowest amondmont (that of Mr. Dodory) waa put first, und tho nous woro declared to havo it. A division was called for, which rosultod as follow : Ayes 4. Mossrs. Balfo, Lotto, John Scott, Dodory (tollor). Noes l8. Colonial Treasurer, Attornov-Gonoral, Messrs. Butler, J. R. Scott, Cook, Sibley, Ayda Douglas, Sharland, Lowis, Hodgson, Giblin, H. Douglas, Whitehead, Archer, Jas. Scott, C. Meredith, Gregson, Davies (tollor). Tho amondmont was therefore lost. Air. G Iii LIN'S amondmont was then read, and Mr. H. DOUGLAS moved thut tho lowest fran- chise for occupancy bo £8. This was put and nogativod. Mr. GIBLIN'S amondmont was then put and carried. Tho clauso was re-cast in accordance with it, mid passed as amended. CUusos 2 to 7 woro passod as printed, the AT- TORNEY-GENERAL briofly explaining tho fow alterations mado in them. Clauso 8. Cross Roads. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL explained that the Gth and 7th paragraphs of this clause woro now. Tho Gth mado any public highway whioh hnd beon used ns such for moro than twentyyoars, a oross road without tho necossity of a proclamation by the Govornor-in-Council. By paragraph 7, streets within towna excopting in any towns in Rural Municipalities, woro mado croas roads. Mr. GIBLIN suggostod that Hobart Town and Launceston should bo excoptcd from tho operation of this paragraph. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL explained that the objoct of tho paragraph was simply to leave tho responsibility of ropairing tho stroots and roads in municipalities to thoso who reçoive the rates. Under clauso 60, howovor, the road trustees might repair any street or road in any municipality, with tho con- sent of the Municipal Council. It would not do to tako away tho ratos from the municipalities to givo them to the road trustees of tho districts. Tho shorter way would bo to leave all the streets under tbo chargo of thoso who rocoivod tho rates. Mr. SIBLEY disagreed entirely as regarded his district, and opposed any liability on tho part of road trustees to repair stroots. Tho main road passed through his township.and the ro id trust had to main- tain that. If tho trustocs had to maintain all tho streets in tho townahip, tho monoy would all bo swamped, and tho road could not bo maintained. The monoy now raised waa for cross roads, and not to be spent on byo-roads or stroots. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL ssid where roa da passod through towns, they bocamo stroots within tho limits. Tlio Municipal Councils hal to repair thoso streets. Mr. SHARLAND said that tbo Councils had in somo places novor raised ratos for streets. Aftor somo discussion, Mr. DODERY" thought it would bo woll to lot the matter remain as it had bcon. Tho stroots should bo allowed to remain in chargo of tho municipal body. That was a plan whioh had worked satisfactorily. It took very littlo monoy whon tho stroots woro onco put in ordor. Thoro woro in Bomo districts sororal road trust». Thoro woro throo in Longford, and in ono of thom, tho Liko Road Trust, thoy had only sovon olootors. Ho thought bb thoro woio many ofibneos for which pooplo wore liable in towns, thoy had bottor leave tho Art as it now stood. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved that tho clauso stand over, as ho wished to maleo somo alterations. Postponod accordingly. Clauso 0 waa passod ns printed. Clause 10 to 13, passed ns printed. Clauso 14. Scale of votes. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL Baid this would havo to bo recast. Ho would propose that tho maxi- mum numbor of votes bo 8. Mr. DAVIES said in tho municipality of Hobart Town tho highest numbor was 7 votos. Ho should move that this bo the maximum number. ' Carried. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL thon moved an amondmont of tho scalo in accordance with tho views of tho Houso, and tho clauso as amended was pasiod. In a discussion on tho modo of voting, Mr. LEWIS pointed out that by tho modo of voting for Aldermon of the city, tho system of voto by ballot was dono away with altogothor. Thoro worn only a fow who had voting p ipera for sovon votos, and thoy could toll nt onco for whom thoso persons voted. A man should recoivo a voting paper for ovory voto held by bim. Clauso l8 ns to placo of meeting for oloction of trustcos wns nmonded so us to limit it to somo day in tho month of April between 10 and 2. On clnuso 37, purchaso and taking of land, Mr. Dodory suggested that trustees should bo bound to fonco land ; aftor discusssion it wasdeomod proper to loavo it to arbitrators to take tho cost of fencing into account, and tho clauso was agreed to without amond- mont. Clauso fil. Bridgea botwoon two distriots; A discussion aroso as to tho oxponso of maintaining a bridgi*, partly in ono district and partly in another. When clauso 50 had boon passed, progress was reported, ami loavo obtained to sit again to-morrow. I Tho Houso adjourned till four to-morrow (this day). A Batch op Conundrums.-Why may an omnibus bo considered eocure from lightning ? Bocauso it haH a couduotor.-Why ia a pig in a parlour liko a houso on fire ? Bocauso tho soonor it is put out tho bettor.-Why aro sluggards' bods too short for them ? Because they aro too long in thom.-Why aro jokes Uko nuts? Be- cause the drior thoy are, tho bottor thoy oraok. Why ¡B a pig with a twisted tail Uko the ghost in Hamlet '/ Bocauso it could a tail (talo) tiufold. -Why ia a flatterer Uko a microscope ? Beoaaoo it magnifies all things, > 