THEATRICAL GOSSIP. Br the Losnseu. " Faust and Mnrguerito," us dramatised and presonted to tho English stage, is and over has hoen a failure ; in fact, to uso a mauugor's phrase, " thoro's no money in it." Tho Eng. usii mina is not sensitive to tbo supernatural. Tho Saxon raco is too maltor- of-faet to so fully outer into tho imaginative, metaphysical, and diablerie as their Toutonio brethren. To Mr Chas. Kean the English stago is indebted for tho first production in a dramatised form of this most beautiful of Gootho's pooms. In Melbourne Mr Georgo Fawcett (or as ho is now known in England, Mr Georgo Fawoett Rowe,) claims the honor of first introducing it to our stage. It was at tho Princess Thoatro, I think at tho lattor end of 1851, that ho produced it, playing Faust himself, Mr Henry Neil Warner us Mephistopholos, nnd Miss Rosa Dunn as tho heroine Marguerite. I shall never forget tho manner in whioh this lady played tho character. I am oortain that if John Wolfgang Von Goetho had been in the flesh, and liua witnessed this creation of MisB Rosa Dunn's, ho would havo said, "That is my beau ideal ot Mar guerite." On tho retirement of this talented lady into private life, the Victorian stage lost one of its brightost ornaments. This legendary drama was again produced by Mr Barry Sulli van ut tho Theatro Royal, Melbourne, in April, 18G4, and with a cast onapproachablo at tho present timo. Mr Sullivan was Mephistopheles, Mr R. Heir Faust, Mr Ireland Vuientiuo, Mr Charles Young Siebel, Mrs li. Hoir Marguerite and Mrs Alfred Phillips as Martha. Tho scenery was magnificent, and tho general com pleteness of tliu production was tho themo of conversation for somo timo after. As produced at tho Theatre ltoyal during tho past week, thore was an absonuo of cara and attention to tho details of tho stage arrangements ; thero was a degree of " sloppiness " ( I bor row tho phrase) in tho general " get-np " of tho pieoo ; and I may say tho samo of almost all tho recent prodactions at this houso. This is not as it should ho, and this is not as it used to be whon Messrs Harwood and Stewart wero personally engaged in tho ma nagement. " If a thing is worth doing at all it is worth doing woll," is an old but a very truo saying, and worthy tho consideration of tho management. I did not like Mr Mont gomery's demon ; it lacked tho sardonic humour that Mr Sallivan used to infaso into this diffi cult character ; it was too comic, without suffi cient of tho fiendish element. Mr Montgomery am noi uo uimseir J uawcu in ino part, possibly bccaaso ho did not liko it. Mr Ireland looked and acted woll as Faust, nnd his splendid voice stood him in good stead in the love passages of tho part, though a slight modulation as tho old Doctor Faust in tho first scene would have materaliy enhanced tho transforma tion to youth and gaiety. Mr Hali played Valentino very evenly, but did not appear to mako as much of it as ho might havo douo. As Marguerite, I certainly liked Mrs Hill's impersonation of tho heroine in preference to Mrs Heii'j. Though not so prononcc as tho lattor lody, Mrs Hill's rendition was charao- torised'by just that amount of spirituclle whioh seems necessary to render tho character per- feot, her costume being in excellent taste. Mrs Hill may congratulate hereolf on having added another to her many successes. Mrs Wooldridge played tho handmaid Martha with groat comic humor, which took woll with tho andienco. Mr Grevillo's Siehel was a mistake— a character entirely out of tho line ef this clever comedian, it was un entire misconception from first to last. The singing sf tho chornscs was simply exe crable— neither time, tuno, nor melody. On Thursday tho " Merchant of Yeaico " and "Faust" woro produced to a crowded house, .i Last night Tom T aylor'a comedy of "Still IVatoiii tin Run Deep" was played, with " Fanst and Marquorito" as the closing play. In tho comedy Mr Darroll showed a decidod improve ment ou his previous por/ormanoe of Captain Hawksloy. Ho throw moro energy into tho part, and received a well-merited call at tho close of tho act. To-night " Othello" is an nounced with a splendid cast, including Miss Cleveland (who has hoen engaged for a fow nights) as Emilin, Mrs Steele as Desdemono, Mr Steele as Iago, Mr Rogers as Brnhantio, and Mr Montgomery ns tho Moor, Othello. On Monday Miss Cleveland will again appear as Rosalind iu " As Yon Like It," with Mr Montgomery as Orlando. " Antony and Cleo patra" is to bo revived for three nights next week, and on Friday Mr Montgomery lakes anotuer ueneiit, wbeu lie will present a grand olla podrida — a haali of many plays. Far better give ono good play entiro than discon nected Bcencs from different plays, for on witnessing the latter you leave tho theatro with a feeling of dissatisfaction at tho performance Individually I hate olla pod/idasl whether of plays, operas, or oratorios. Weston and Hnssejs clover company of minstrels have become so deservedly popular in this city that, notwithstanding tho keen com petition with which they have to contend, thoy havo no reason to complain of lack of patronage Slessrs Weston nnd Hassey commenced aright in keeping the andienco strictly select, and also in the arrangement of their programme) discarding any piece in the slightest degree vulgar. Kelly's act, "she had a dark and ( laughing eyo," is immense ; while Hassey's M Tobias and Biancas " tickled mo exceedingly, and I laughed — aye, I did lough — not one of your timid bo-he's, but a right down British guffaw ; aud I was not singular in my perfor mance, for thcro were crowds round mo suffer ing from the some catching complaint So long as the people seek for genuine amusement, this company is certain of liberal patronage Last night the hoase was so crowded that there wag scarcely standing room, Tho new sketch, "Tho Ghost in a Pawn Shop," wentjwell, HasRey, as tho managing clerk, keeping tho aucimco in roars of laughter. Some short time siuce I notified tho arrival in Duncdin of Miss Anna Fordo. On hor first appearance at the Royal Princess Theatre sho at once ingratiated herself into tbo good graces of the Danedinites By late dates, I learn that sho was making a hit as tho Princess Car- pillona in the bnrlesqne " Once upon a Timo thoro wero Two Kings," in which she has been very well supported by Miss Jenny Nye, Mr Joseph Rayuer, Miss Casey Matthews, and Mrs Harry Jackson. Daring tho latter part of last month tho opening play has been " Giralda, or Which is my Husband," Mra Jackson essaying tho part of the heroine Giralda, with Mr James Simmosds as Gill tho Miller, with regard to whoso performance the local Evening Star of June 17th has the fol lowing : — " But wo cannot allow our predilec tion to take precedence of our duty. Giralda, never ovor-refined in sentiment, throngh tho interpolations ot one of the actors, became so gross as to offend tho sense of propriety of many who were present. This is so foreign to tho hitherto pure character of tho stage in Dunedin, that wo aro confident it will not bo ropeatod." Tho hint givon in each good part, in the in terests of the respectable portions of tho fro- qnenters of tho theatre, had not tho slightest effect. Tho Evening Star again returned to the charge, and in the issue of tho 21st ult. protests moro strongly against tho coarso vul garities perpetrated (the "one in particular" I need not name, as my readers can woll sar- I miao when it is known that Mr James Sim- monds was playing in tho pieco). " Still somo of the actors — and one in particular— Boomed determined to indulgo in coarso vulgarities. We regret to think that ileBpito the bintB that havo been given, the practico is continued. Tho sctor need not flatter himself that because a few ignorant, good-for-nothing fellows applaud hi n for bis coarso witticisms, his andienco relish them. It is not tho case, and that he is sure to find out to his cost bofore long." The play of "Giralda" was shortly after this withdrawn, and with it Mr James Simmonds. " Tho business has not been very good," and no wonder. On Friday, 18th Jane, Mr J. G. Joyce bad a benefit, and pro duced Boucicanlt's comedy, "Old Hoads and Young Hearts," in which Mr R. P. Whitwortb, well known on tho Melbourne press, appeared as Colonel Rocket. I certainly should not have taken any notice of this matter bad I not boen grossly attacked in a letter in the Otago Daily Times by Mr H. Collier, at one timo attached to the press of this city, for statiog my conviction that whon Mr Simmonds waft in Molbonrno he was one of the niOBfc vulgar of netors I l'livo made tho oxtractu from the Dancdin paper solely to show that tboy verify the truth of my statement. _ The music hulls have, during tho past week, heen well patronised. Ellis's London Music Hall, under tho management of Mr James Ellis' lmts forth bucii a varied programme each ovoning, and supported us it is by tho lurgost company over brought together iu a Molbonrno concert hall, ouo cannot wonder nt tho patron- nso bestowed upon it. Mr Barry O'Noil has introduced a vory clevor sketch, "Dancing Mad " which takes well, while Johnny Cowan's local songs are vociferously encored every evening. Tho concortod music at this estab lishment I consider a greater feature than tho oomio element. Tho glees and concerted pieces sustained by Mosdames Camillo Rosalie and Bossio Royal, Messrs Amory, Brnham, Ben- ham, Leeman and others brought to my mind recollections of Evans' Concert-room, in Govent Garden, London. Another matter I notice, that tho refreshments are served in first-class London stylo, and at a reasonable figure. Tho Variolics, nndor tho Mossra Zcp- lin has boon woli attended by tho holi day folks. I am glad to notico that Mrs Zeplin (MiBS Rebecca Janes) has completely recovered from hor lato indisposi tion, and appears every evening in serio-comic duets with Mr Willie Harris. Mr Alexander, a new Irish oomodian, has rnado a hit during the past week in sovoral Irish songs ami dances. Miss Annie Bramley's operatic selections aro still ono of tho attractions at this popular mania hall. Tho Draeger family aro vastly improving in the nso of their sovcral instru ments, and Mr Kreitmayor, by their coutiuuod engagement, has greatly added to tho attrac tions of tho WaxworkB Exhibition. Tho Poly technic has not been so well patronisod during the past week as the merits of tha exhibition descrvo. To- night a now ventriloquial enter tainment will bo produced by Mr Valentino Vaughan, in addition to other entertainments. I trust that during the coming week tho plucky doctor will meet with larger nndionces. " 'Tie not in mortals to command success," but really Dr. L. L. Smith desorves it. 