Adventures of a Theatre Pro prietor- [From Spring Creek Leader.] We have to relate one of the most remarkable episodes in real life tbut has yet been revealed on this gold-field. About three months ago, a respectably-dressed, smart-looking pentlemai. makes his bebut on Spring Greek, ae the partner in a flourishing hotel and theatre business. He in troduces an accomplished young lady as liis wife, and by his activity and gentlemanly habits, makes him self conspicuous amongst his con vivial friends, and becomes a general favorite both off and on the stage. His personal appearance, raven hair, neat well- trimmed jet moustache, polite manners, fashionable attire and good address, rendered him a lion among his gender, the pride of platform, and beloved of the bur maids. He goes to Melbourne, engages a company, tells them of a magnificent hotel, commodious theatre, crowded houses, liberal diet and wages, and they fold up their muslins, pack up their slippers, wigs ani weapons, and finally bid adieu to the metropolis to pursue their career on a new Eldorado. Arrived at their destination, ideal visions of comfortable quarters, magnificent buildings and wealthy proprietors are dispelled. Weatherboard walls, unpiained ani unpatnted ; audiences, demonstrative enough., breathing forth volumes of smoke, form part of the dreary prospect, The curtain iell on the first act, and the deluded damsels, the too confiding father, and the gay professionals were un deceived. The propect was any thing hut pleasing— money anything but plentiful. Certainly there was plenty to est and drink and be merry with, for storekeepers were credulous wine and spirit merchants eager for orders, and the firm ranked high in public estimation. The theatre was nightly crowded. Our friend sang and acted on the platform, walked the stage with the majestic airs of an old professional, while his partner J. brought forth melodies, sweet, magical and bewitching, with the touch of the bow in the orchestra beneath. However, there is an end to all things, and there was an end to D's days of felicity and conjugal bliss. Creditors became pressing, benefits became plentiful, so plentiful tbat at last they would not take. Even the Heatbcote hospital with drew its support and administered a sharp rebuke to the proprietors for using i;s name for their ad van - *?-£--. raftamnna InnkulX IiatietcJ the hoKee night and day. The meney taken at the doors dis appeared, and poor servants wanted to know you know where the pro' ceeds went to. Bats forsake a sink ing ehip, and the public began to forsake the Varieties. There was an attempt made to resuscitate me fallen prodigy, but it proved fruit less. The once gaudy curtains grew dnsty with disuse ; the scenery lost its gay effect, and the brilliantly lighted ball revelled nightly in darkness ; the paint fled from the forlorn countenances of the dis appointed company ; the wires of the wonderful ' appolonian anti phone' vibrated no more by the touch of the unpaid fingers, and the 'Marionettes' concealed their antics Ml » finrdinl manufactory. Tlio livoly and vorsatiie ' D.' had many pic nics, and the best Sinclair's hams were gobbled up on the banks of the Goulbura without the slightest com punction, regardless of the trades man's bill At length the poor printer took the alarm, and beat a fruitless chase, until ' D.' pleaded poverty, and he forgave him, One morning the hotel is closed, and placards announcing the sale ot the property by auction cover its walls, Just about this time a sham attempt is made to prosecute the proprietors for illicit grog selling, but the revenue inspector is defeated — the evidence is insufficient— and ? D.' escapes. The house is sold under a bill of sale, the broken-hearted creditors turn up the white of their eyes to heaven, and the pale-faced actor (like Hamlet's ghost) takes a last agonising look at the scene ol his misfortune? and ' skedaddles.' But * D.' has a bolder part to play ; he don't run away— by no means, although his fair and angelic partner of his grief and sorrows has turned the book of her crinoline on Spring Creek, and her face towards Mel bourne, he lingers behind, takes up his lodgings in the centre of the township, and forms an acquaintance with his recent persecutor, the revenue inspector. At an early hour one morniug the driver of a gingerbeer conveyance belonging to one of his victims, himself on the point of collapsing, is a:costed by * D./ who, /or the purpose of airing Us dark moustcabe and clean paper collar, accompanies him on a tour amoungst his numerous customers Of (Course some ot the unlicensed shanty keepers suspeot the late proprietor of an unlicensed hotel ; and ' D.' does a capital stroke in hie new capacity of informer, securing in a very short time no lesB than nearly thirty defaulters. ' D.' is much more liberal than usual ; his thirst ia insatiable, and his companion readily believes him the joiiiest of dogs. Again the curtain drops on ' D.' ; but the interval between the scenes is short, and when nest it rites the stage is transferred from the Lyceum theatre to the Heathcote where justice sits in solemn dignity before a crowded audience, sur rounded by a portly array of lawyers, reporters, constables, and process earvers. One after another the un licensed vendors of beer are brought to account, a few are fined, and some escape. But alas I for the ends ol justice, the first of the ' D.' butch are catted upon, but tha summonses are discovered to be destitute of the stamp and seal, and the day of retri bution, to the dismay of the revenus inspector and the quondam friend ? D.' is necessarily postponed. The curtafn falls once more. A few days olapse and again its rises. This time the scene is in the bar of an hotel, in the centre of the township. Detective O'Leary stands alongside of ' D.' administering to his wants and inviting him to take a walk. They leave in company, wending their way towards the police station, where they bade an affectionate farewell at the door of a padlocked building of unsual [strength. In per fect amazement the simple amateurs caught the news and learned the particulars of ' DV wonderful trans formations. The spurious ' 0.' was a genuine ? C But a few months before his raven hair, so bla :k and glossy, had been a light brown, his shaven chin bad worn a busby beard of goodly dimensions. His occupa tion was that of a drover. Entrusted with a flock of sbee p to take to Beechworth, he is said to have sold 400 at Rutherglen and decamped with the proceeds on the 8th Decem ber last. The rest we have already related. Visiting Spring Creek immediately afterwards, he pur chased a half interest in the only large place of amusement on the rush, it is supposed with the proceeds of the flock. Yesterday, he was the first to figure before the bench in a new court house, and was remanded to Rutherglen. The proprietors of the shanties who were about to be prosecuted held a general rejoicing, and sacrificed their remaining stock of spirits at the shrine of persecuted Bacchus. So terminates this excit ing drama for the present, and the curtain involuntarily falls on the career or an eminent actor, 