DIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. The following are the collects to be read in the ' Thanksgiving for Harvest ' service, appointed for the 24th of January, in the Diocese of Adelaide. They are stated to have been ' adapted, from the form agreed on by both Houses of Convocation of the Province of Canter bury, Feb. 14th, 1862':— '?-;''? COLLECT. - ????.'?' ' O Almighty Goil, who in past years didst cause the pastures of the wilderness to be dried up ; the harvest of the field to perish; and the husbandmen to be ashamed ; and now in mercy has given us the formor and the latter rain moderately, and restored to us the fruits of the earth in their season ; give us grace also to use the same to Thy glory, and the relief of those that need, as well as our own comfort. Teach us also to remember that ' Man doth not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God'.' Thou has sent Thine own beloved \ Son to be the bread of life to our souls. Grant us so to feed on that bread that we may live by Him for ever; who now livethi and i;eigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end. Amen.' ? After the general thanksgiving shall be said the following : — ? ' 0 Lord God of Hosts, who dwellest in the high and holy place, and yet hast respect unto the lowly ; who makest Thy sun to rise on the evil £-nd on the good, and seudest rain on the just and on the unjust; who_ by Thy mighty power dost order all things in heaven and earth ; we yield Thee hearty thanks that Thou hast safely brought us to the seasonof harvest, visiting the earth and blessing it, and crowning the year with Thy goodness ; we praise Thee for the fruits of the ground which Thou hast bestowed upon us, filling our hearts with food and gladness. For these and all Thy mercies we laud and magnify Thy glorious name; beseeching Thee to give unto us the increase of all spiritual gifts, the bright light of the Sun of Righteousness, and the dew of Thy heavenly blessing ; and so plant us hero in the house ' of the Lord that we may flourish everlastingly in the courts of the house of our God, through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom, with Thee and the Holy Ghost, be all honour and glory, now and for evermore. Amen.' — Adelaide Paper. 