VERY SUSPICIOUS. We reprint below in parallel columns the Protestant letter of D'Aubigne as printed by certain Sydney ministers ill the Sydney Herald and ns TvnKlistind in England. By the last mail we re ceived a copy of the said letter, as sent -by Mr, Kinnaibd himself for publica tion ; we therefore give'- in parallel columns the genuine letter with the Sydney garble ; and by this comparison our readers will see that a most disgrace ful manipulation has taken place. That our readers may see at a glance the shameful handling which we refer to, we iiave cast into italics and put within brackets the passages which have been omitted. It will be noticed also that besides the omission of several passages, the paragraphs of the letter of D'Aubigne have been put in a different order from the order in which they occur in the original, and several other passages have been altered in the most extraordinary tiianner. The same re forming hand has touched up the Lon don resolutions, no doubt under tho idea that the amended form is decidedly superior to that of the original. Now, whoever is responsible for these most disgraceful manipulations, the author of them deserves the strongest censure. To change and vary a letter, and to omit important passages, and then publish it as Me original letter, is evidently thoroughly dishonest in a lite rary sense. Had the garble which ap peared in the Herald, appeared as a aeries of extracts from a letter of D'Aubigne, one could not have com plained ; but to publish that garble as the letter of D'Aubigne, is a presumption arhich one waB hardly prepared for. Qf course the garble, when seen Bide by aide with the original, tells its own tale. It shows that the garble was made on (be milk and water principle. The origi- aialof D' Aubigne was toostrongfora cer tain Sydney brotherhood. The passages which were omitted are too personal and celt- condemnatory for such Protestants as the Herald represents/ Even the London resolutions must be diluted to auit the pages of the Herald, and the charitable Protestants,' .who follow its Editor, Upon the whole, the whole concern has the most suspicious appear ance of a. design on the part of certain persons to tako ad vantage of D' Aum gnk's auune and position, as a Great Protestant leader, and yet to shrink from accept-, ing the suggestion of that great leader. It looks like an attemptnheQpart of; . mi Ik. and. jwater.gentlemen - wishing- the - countenance and phelter.of D'Aubigne's : name, and yet resolving not to adopt the . course which he recommends. This is, so like the Herald and its friends that it may be accepted as certain. For ex ample : D' Aubigxe's suggests, that Pro testant principles should be affirmed; but the' Sydney gentlemen who are re sponsible for tlie garble declined to do so. D'Aubigne suggested that such affirmation of evangelical principle, to be useful, must he made in every town and village ; but the Sydney gentlemen, who garbled his letter, not wishing to make any such effort, suppressed the passage. D'Aubigne, in order that he might rouse the courage aud zeal of Protestants, re ferred to the courage and zeal of Ro manists and Free Thinkers, and then appeals to the hearts of Protestants, " Shall we the Evangelical Christians be the only cowabds ?" but the Sydney G-arblers, feeling that the charge of cowabdice might justly be laid at their door, and at the same time resolving to act the coward, suppressed the passage! All this is truly disgraceful, and ought to show how miserable are the respecta bility and charity which so widely afflict our community. ORIGINAL. "HERALD" GARRLE, Geneva, May 10, 16G9. Genera, May 10 1869 "My Dear Mb. Kin- "My Drab Mb. Kix- naihd,— I wrote to you naird, — I wrote to you some time ago about the some time ago about the (Ecumenical Conference (Ecumenical Conference wliich it was proposed to which it was proposed to bold at Geneva on theocca- hold at Geneva on the occa sion of tlic General Council sion of the General Council at Rome. at Rome. a question presented " a question presented itself— Should it he held itself: Should it be held before or after the General before or after the General Council? Some thought— Council? Some thought— and some friends at Geneva and some friends at Geneva were amongst the number were amongst the number — that it should ho after, as — that it should be after, as it is then only that we shall it is only then that, we shall know what the Council will know what the Council will have done, and. what con be have done, and what can said in reiily. Our resolu- lie said in reply. Our rcso- t ion is not to hold our Con- lutlon is not to hold our fercnce this yenr. conference this year. But is thore nothing tobc " But is there nothing to done before the. Council is be done before the Council held at Rome ? Shall we is held at Itome ! Shall we say nothing when Rome say nothing when Rome cailsus? Doyou not think calls us? l)o you not think it would he well to have a it would he well to have a consultation about it in- consultation about it iu London while so many of London, for surely the sub- yaur earnest men arc assrm- ject is of very great impor- bled there for the May Meet- tance? No General Council inys ? The subject is of of the Romish Church has great importance. No been held since that of General Council of the Ro- Trent in the sixteenth cen- mlsh Church has been held tury. On that occasion the Bince that of Trent, in the Pope invited Protestants to sixteenth century. On return to the bosom of the that occasion the Pope Church of which he is the invited Protestants to rc- head, turn to the bosom of the " Tlic present crisis, Church of which lie is the which agitates more or less head, all Christendom, Tenders it Tlic present crisis, which important that there should agitates more or less all he now a great manifesta- Christendom, renders it tion of Evangelical princi- important that there should pies, bo now a great manifesta- " Would it not be well tion of evangelical princi- that in every place where plea ; for the doctrines thus there may he a certain established arc precisely number of pious and intel- those which arc attacked by ligent Christians this day Ritualism, nationalism, and should he devoted to con- other erroneous systems. fercnces to which orthodox The work of the Rcforma- Christians of different de- tion was arrested in the nominations should he in- second half of the sixteenth vited f Would it not he eenlnry. Jt is lime that tee well that prayers should should take it up ; and the arise, not only in these con- inritation which the Pope ferences, but in the family has addressed to us furnishes, worship and public ser- a suitable occasion. vices, to entreat the only This manifesta lion of Head of the Church, Jesus evangelical principles, io be Christ, for the illumination useful, should be made in and eternal salvation of every town, even every vll- those who arc placed under lage, where there is Chris - the Papal yoke. tian life: would to God that were everywhere But what should ho the " What should be the aim of these meetings ? chief aim of these meet- Thc great doctrines of holy ings? The urkat noc- Scripture should he affirmed trines ok Holy Scrip- and the urgent necessity of ture should be akkirm- carrying 011 tlic work of the ed, and the urgent ne- Reformation should be cessity of carrying on pressed upon the Christian the work ok the It e t on- public. Is it not true that mation should be pres- the men of earnestness, sed upon the Christian sincerity, and noble charac- public. Is it not true that ter, now.in the Church of the men of earnestness, Rome, should abandon a sincerity, and noble charac- religion of exteriors, of ter, now in the Church of forms, and rites, to receive Rome, should abandon a that which is "Spirit and religion of exteriors, of life"? forms and rites, to receive Ought we not to try to that which is 'Spirit and make Roman Catholics un- life.' derstand that, the difference " Ought we not to try to between them and us is this make Roman Catholics un- — that they cling to a reli- derstand that the difference glon which addresses itself between them and us is to the imagination or inlet- this : — That they cling to a fee/, the essence of which religion the essence of is submission to theChurch, which is submission to the to the commandments of Church, to the command- men, a dead form; while ments of men — a dead we ask them to receive a form ; while we ask them perfect and free salvation to receive a perfect and free by grace to find a tliving salvation by grace— and to ' Christ —that "kingdom of find a living Christ. This God tohich is righteousness is the question to be opened and peace and joy in the up ; hut it must lie done Holy Ghost " ? without pride, without bit— These arc the questions ternesa, without violence ; to be opened up ; but it it must be done in love, mustbedonewithoutpride, When we consider the mil- without bitterness, without liom of Roman Catholics violence ; it must he doac who have been baptised in in love. When we consider the name of the Father, of the millions of Roman Ca- the Son, and of the Holy tholicsi who have been hap- . Ghost, hut who, hindered tised in the name of tlie by the veil of superstition, Father, of the Son, and of human tradition and ciea- the Holy Ghost, but, hin- ture mediation, do not deired by the veil of super- know; do not possess atition, human tradition, Christ, our feelings should , and creature mediation, do 'be those of sorrow, not of not know, do not possess anger; and we would be- Christ, our feelings should seech them by the meek- be those of sorrow, not nets and gentleness of anger ; and we' should be- ' Christ to come to Him in seech them, by the meek- simple faith, n'ess and gentleness of. "It appears to me that Christ, to/com to Him in' the proposition of such : a simple faith. : ' manifestation of 'Evangel!- ; The Council .0/ Some cal principles in Christian will commence on the Slh of parishes would coins much December, the anniversary better liom London than oft he promulgation of the , ftom a Continental town,. doctrjne of /Ao /iqmncii/a/o.i which does not possess the Conception. is to be 'influence of your great cap! done at-this period i — IfiH -talrthemetropolis of Eratr-"' it be permitted to me to ex- gelical Christendom. , press my thoughts, which J " May the great ' Head of submit entirely to your wis- the Chuich Himself direct dom and to thatof thebreth- your resolutions. \ ren assembled in London ? " Believe me, . my dear Would it not be well, that . Sir," yours most truly, in every place where there " Mbblb d'Aubignk." may be a certain number of pious and intelligent Chris. - tians, this day should be devoted to Conferences, to which orthodox Christians of different denominations should be invited ? Would it not be well that prayers , should arise, not only in these Conferences, but in family worship and public services, to entreat the only . Head of the Church, Jesus Christ, for the illumination nnd eternal salvation of of those who are placed under the Papal yoke? In three times Soman Catholics and Freethinkers, show great boldness; shall we, the Evangelical Chris tians, be the only cowards / It appears to me that the proposition of such a mini- fesIotionofEvangellcalprin- ciplcs in Christian parishes would come much better from London than from a Continental town, which does not possess the influ ence of your great capital the metropolis of evangeli cal Christendom. A.ay the great Head of the Church Himself direct your resolutions, and give a great blessing ; on , every effort made for his glory 1— Belelve me, my dear sir, yours most truly, Meblb d'Avbigne. Resolution thereon, agreed to Z. besiilt op the above Inly 14, 1869. letter. A number of Blends —— having met at the houso of A number of friends hav- the Hon. Arthur Kinraird ing met at the house of the to consider the above letter Hon. Arthur Kinnaird to addressed to liim by Dr. consider the above letter. Merle d'Aubignc, it was addressed to him by Dr. unanimously felt that, con- Merle d'AHbigne— sidering the startling addi- It is unanimously; felt lions to previous assumptions that it would he desirable of the Papacy which may that the month of Decem- probabty be made at the her should I10 specially set approaching General Conn « apart by Protestant Chris- cil, contrary io the sole head- tians throughout the world ship and prerogatives of the to pray for the members of Lord Jesus Christ,' it is the Roman Catholic Church, desirable that the month of in private, in the family. December shou'd be special- and in social circles, that )y set apart by Protestant tliey may be blessed with and evangelical Christians deliverance front all Iranian throughout the world to error, and brought unto a pray in private, in families, full knowledge of Scriptural and in social circles, for the truth. priesthood and j members Further, it was deemed of tho Roman Catholic desirable that, wherever Church, that they may be practicable, throughout the' blessed with true- saving week beginning on Sunday, grace, delivered from all December 5th, UNITED human error, and endowed PRAYER MEETINGS of with full knowledge of all denominations scriptural truth. should he held, and prayer Further, it was demed be made without ceasing desirable tint, wherever for the progress of the Re- practicable, throughout the fonnatlon now proceeding week beginning on Sunday, in Spain, France, Austria, December 5, united prayer Italy, andother long known meetings of Christians of centres of Romish in- all denominations should be fluence held, and prayer made with- Also, for 'the deliverance out ceasing for the progress of all parts of our own of the work of reformation countries— the British Isles now proceeding in Spain, — from the prevalence or France, Belgium, Italy, extension of this influence, Austria, and other tradi- by the abundant out-pour- tional centres of Romish ing of the Holy Spirit, and influence; and for the dc- the true conversion of souls liverancc of all Protestant to the knowledge of a par- countries from its preva- doning Saviour, lencc or extension, by the It was likewise felt that, abundant outpouring of the among specinl subjects of Spirit, and the conversion prayer, an important place of souls to the true know- should he given to the re- ledge of a pardoning Saviour mo val from ourselves per- ' Itwas also felt that among sonally, of all faults and special subjects of prayer a sins tending to hinder our prominent place should be testimony to the gospel- given to the following for whether want of zeal or ourselves as suppliants: meekness, of self-sacrifice The removal of all sins tend- or of union — of faith, or of ing to hinder our testimony active labours of charity to the Gospel ; the Increase and evangelisation — and es- of meekness, self- sacrifice, pecially the want of a full union, faith and active la- and deep knowledge of the hours of charity and evan- Word of God. We shruld gelisat ion ; the attainment pray for a supply to us, in of deeper knowledge of the a far more abundant Word of God: and the measure than heretofore, of supply to us in more abun- all the graces of the Spirit, dont measure than hereto- especially of that grace fore of that grace of tlie which combines zeal for the Spirit which combines zeal salvation of sonls with gen- for tlie salvation of souls tlencss to all who err; with gentleness to all who err. The original ; just like the great D'Aubigne. There is no cowardice in him ; but the garble is just like the Herald — its cowardice and love of milk and water are proverbial andaccording to principle. 