CHAMELEONS. The distinctive characteristic of the human chameleon is his intense and in cessant susceptibility to every new atmos pheric influence in which circumstance places him. He is open to every intel lectual and moral impression which, chance or design brings to bear upon him. Is be with artists? then be is al] a-flame with the conviction that political activity is only fit for inferior minds who cannot rise to the far higher sphere of colour, form, composi tion, and beauty. For a whole week he will have no talk of literature, science, or public affairs; you shall be artistic, or nothing. The chances are that he buys a box of paints, and an easel, and a piece of canvas, and engages a master. But, alas! before the first lesson is well over, the chameleon has, by accursed or blissful chance, filled a spare moment by taking up a history of civilization in a dozen volumes, or some equally impressive work. The size of the scheme, the writer's gigantic' design and colossal fulfilment, the glimpse which it gives of the long vista of time and great procession of the ages, stir his imagination to boiling point. Form, colour, composition, and beauty, sink down to the low depth of frivolous dilettantism, mere idleness with a well-sounding name pinned on to it. The paint-box is huddled into a corner, the master has a peremptory conge, and the easel is speedily laden, not with canvas, but with heavy tomes, altases, charters, and we know not what besides, that are going to the making of the brief chronicle of humanity, the aunals of man kind sublimated. The world of the cham eleon's friends is on the tiptoe of expecta tion. Good wishes fall thick around the undertaking; encouragements flow in on every side ; no stimulus is wanting. Lo, as we gaze and wonder and clap our hands, the scene has already changed. The his toric muse is suddenly deposed, and her very image, like that of the falling Sejanus, is dragged as with a hook through the mire of a new contumely. The politician has come on to the stage, and magically expelled the historian and the philosopher with a fork. Who will grunt and sweat and fardels bear, just to rub a little dust away from the dull pages of the past, when the blank and unimpressed page of the present and the future await his mark? Who will laboriously write history when it is within his bands to make history i Let the dead bury their d£ad, and the past be past. The chameleon will be no Dry asdust, while the world of misery and oppression lies at his door, crying aloud for the arm of the helper and the voice of the strong deliverer. And so the game goes merrily on. Everything is under taken. Nothing is accomplished. Each scheme has its little day, and then perishes like the fly of a summer afternoon. Yet the chameleon has been happy. Life has sat easy on him. His spirits are fully ol gaiety and buoyancy. Each following taste has brightly chased away the taste that went before; swift-passing interest left all swept and gracefully garnished for the interest that came after. There is surely, therefore, a bright side to the chameleons life. Incessant stimulation is indispensable to the peace and comfort of his days; to be without a new excite ment is to languish and fade; to think and feel and hope and aspire to- day just in the same groove in which you thought and felt and hoped and aspired the day before yesterday, is to suffer asphyxia and perish. Let us eat and drink, skim the whole sur face of knowledge, lightly skirt the whole circle of possible activities, and airily sip a little gum from every flower, for to-morrow we die. And, on the chameleon's theory, he who, dying, leaves a single subject untouched, a single sensation missed, a single source of interest unsealed, has lived in vain. For does not life consist in receiving multitudinous and manifold im pressions 1 On the whole, we may reply to_the chameleon that life consists in something quite different from this. The more im pressions one receives the better, provided one does something to concentrate and give effect to th§m. Impression, if the reader will pardon a bit of sententiousness very likely to arrest the chameleon's roving mind, is only valuable as leading directly or indirectly, in one shape or another, to expression. The more interest we can cram into our lives the better, provided they come to something either severally or collectively. But to the chameleon, not fruit, but flower and graceful leafage, is the end and sum of growth, and even this is of brief and transitory existence. The plain truth which he neglects is, that in order to make what would otherwise be mere fugitive impressions into a permanent whole, it is indispensable that one should have repose, during which they may sink ; into the mind, take root, and instead of' b?ing thin writings in water or on sand : effaced almost as soon as made, become integral, lasting, and fertile parts of charac ter. But, alas, this idea of shapin°* character, kneading and welding and fusing all the material that presents itself into a compact, solid, uniform whole is not possessed by small souls. To seek an impression, and then to let it pass, is the usual policy of the trifler, and if it be trifling to attend to anything but the per fecting of a man's own nature, and through that the natures of those within his influ ence, then perhaps most men in our present stage of existence are triflers. Concen tration of impressions, the process which the moral chameleon passes superbly over as fit only for poor stay-at-home creatures with minds that cannot get off the ground, is the hardest of all the tasks that the man who^understands the aims of culture has to set himself—not to be fugitive and effusive, takmg in on all sides what will remain exactly five minutes, and will then vanish into air, or into that bottomless limbo of ghosts of thought aud flashes of feeling which constitutes the nearest approach to1 a character ia so uiany of us. It must be said that the temper of the times is dead against this great gift of concentration. Trie whole air is laden with stimulant quality. In every -field there is movement, in all subjects activity. New views, new theories, new hypotheses, press thick as autumn leaves in science, in politics, in the art of conduct, in religion. The chameleon is here in his dearest clement. Every hour may bring him a new sensation, a different interest, a fresh stimulus. If he fails in his never ending chase after omniscience, at any rate he is well placed for the next best thing—excitement on every side of his nature. — Saturday JEteviero. Sue&eet; by Lightning.—A boy of twelve, belonging to Korsk (Western Bussia), who used to walk with a crutch, on account of anchylosis of the right knee, was on horseback in the fields, when he was overtaken by a violent storm. After a severe clap of thunder the horse ran away, and the boy, completely stunned, fell to the ground. When his senses returned, and he tried to rise, he found that his right leg was gone. His uncle, who had ridden by his side, and his own horse had disappeared. The poor boy, at first somewhat collapsed, fell asleep. His com panion, however, at la9t returned, after haying secured the horse, and on examining his nephew he observed that the right leg was entirely "want ing. The patient's shirt and clothes were in shreds, and burned along the seams, and on the body were many scars. The boy was conveyed to the village in a cart, suffering severely in the stump, aud much alarmed at the haemorrhage, wliich, however, soon stopped. A few days afterwards Dr. Rogowitcli found a regular wound as usually made by the amputating-knife, sur , rounded with granulations, and presenting in the centre a few gangrenous spots. The division had been effected by lightning, through the superior extremity of the tibia, the patella and femur being intact. The healing of this wound was very rapid, and by the use of ordinary means. The severed leg was found on the grass several days after the accident, just where tha boy had been thrown from his horse. It was quite dried up, and emitted no smell, the tibia being quite black, and stripped half down the leg. These facts are mentioned in the Serl. Klin. Woch 2To. 21,1868, and guaranteed by Dr. Sycyanko. What is Soda-Watee, ?—This is a question which the British Medical Journal endeavours to answers this week by a report on the " soda water of commerce," with analyses of fourteen specimens sold under the names of the principal makers. As might have been anticipated from what has already been stated in that journal on the subject, the composition of the aerated water sold under this name varies greatly. It was hardly perhaps, however, to be expected that | only one out of all the specimens examined should answer to the prescribed tests, or that a large proportion of them should be entirely devoid of any alkali likely to be useful to the dyspeptic. The British Pharmacopoeia prescribes fifteen 1 grains of bicarbonate of soda to the bottle; and when a medical man orders soda-water, that is what he expects his order to produce. One only specimenvof soda-water among the fourteen ex amined, that of Blake, came up to this standard. Hooper, and Webb were next in quality, and are remarked as very agreeable in flavour. Five of the specimens were altogether devoid of alkali. This is mainly important to those who desire a truly alkaline water, and for whom such drinks are ordered. For those that drink soda-water a& a purely " aerated water" agreeably charged with gas, the quantity of bicarbonate of soda is -1 unimportant. But there are many who have ' good reasons for wishing to correct the acidity of their wines, and to aid their digestion by an alkaline water. Such persons are apt to be very 1 much misled at present by drinking many of the beverages sold as soda-water, but which are truly only carbonic acid water, and should be so called. Curious Effect op Lightning.—The follow ing singular fact has been communicated to the Academy of Sciences by M. A. Bobierre, a well known physicist. About a fortnight ago the city of Ifantes was visited by a violent storm. Flashes of lightning followed each other in quick suc cession, and a gentleman, who happened to be crossing one of the bridges of the Canal de Bretagne at the time, suddenly found himself enveloped in a blaze of light. The phenomenon lasted little more than a second, and caused no unpleasant effect. On returning home the infor mant, having occasion to count the money in his purse, arrived at the conclusion that he must have received a piece of 50 centimes instead, of a half-napoleon. But on a closer investigation, he discovered, to his astonishment, that the piece of money he had taken for silver was really the gold one, bat covered with a thin film of silver. The following is the explanation given by M. A. Bobierre of this strange occurrence. The half napoleon had been put into the compartment of the purse adjoining that containing silver coin. The electric fluid had volatized part of the latter metal, which, in this state, had penetrated through the leather partition, and deposited itself on the gold piece with remarkable uniformity. This is the first time such an effect has ever been ob served. 