Curojjpaittente. " Let us cease to split straws, at least let us ' not use them for fuel to light up the fires of per- ' petual contention for our children's children." In pursuing a subject which nothing but a sense of duty would induce us to undertake, on behalf not only of the Church of England, numerous at home 'and in the colonies, but of the Episco pal Church in America, and many of the Wesleyan and Independent bodies which have adopted the Prayer-book, v.ith some modifications, we do not mean to trouble ourselves with the writings of some Bishops, Priests, and Professors of col leges, nor the treasonable writings of "Tractarians and Ritualists, who, in as suming an official connection with . the Church at the expense of subscriptions and oaths, t ike office but to betray her, to vitiate her services, to defame her Reformers .and Martyrs, and to Roman ise her people. The question we have to deal with is, the charge that the Articles, Homilies, Prayer-book have a Romanising ten- denby, and have indirectly or otherwise contributed much to the numerous per versions which have taken place from amongst, her members. , :We must, however, first meet a few questionable enquiries put forth, which we can only suppose arise from want of correct information. \- " Why Bishop Colenso is suffered to continue in the church," a short article recently publ.shed in the S ydney Morn ing Herald meets this enquiry. Next, that "any bishop can put any in terpretation on the Scriptures he thinks fit." So he may in his individual capacitv, but tke Article XX. says the Church and not bishops has the authority of inter preting Articles of Faith. And what then is the church ? — " A congregation of faith ful men, &c.;" — XIX Article. Thus, at the Reformation, the Convo cation drew up the Articles of Faith, ap proved of afterwards by Parliament. Further, it is stated, " that tho church as the church has not taken one single step for the purpose of ending these unseemly and wicked attempts at proselytising." As a church, perhaps not, for reasons assigned by tho bishops in convocation held recently ; but that action has been taken by a large 'section of the church is certain, and that decisions have been obtained. So that is is stated in the Church Times, July 19, 1869— that the kneeling in the consecration prayer, the lights oil the altar, mixing water with the wine, &c.;, are prohibited by royal mandate. There are several other like, statements which, however, we pass over, our object merely being to show that writers are sometimes not over re markable for accuracy. \- We likewise object to some of the authorities quoted as totally unreliable, bearing in their title page the proof of fabrication— -for instance, " a calendar of -the English Churoh "—the title implying something authoritative, whereas it is evi dently : J esuitical ; no doubt, partly founded upon facts, distorted so as to lead people to believe that tlfe church is Popish at the core, which we think not en so look at her missionary societies, the liberty of her members, her publications, her colonial extension, the noble men who head all the philanthropic and; religious movements of the day, her colleges, <£c., we can but conclude that shchaB a large share of vitality in her yet; We are not' so credulous as to believe a'l that is put forth by such organs as those lying Jesuit3 who, as the Rev. Mr. Bennett, before the commission of enquiry, acknowledged that, for ten years he had been working up his people to the consent of the use of "lights first," then vestments, then incense,— thus patiently did the Jesuit, like a mole below the sur face, undermine the foundations of their faith. To these indices of the vitality of the .church, however sections of her, to some considerable extent, have been drawn away from their first love, we look, rather, than to a splendidly and beauti fully got up book of 400 pages by a chap lain to the Earl of Morton, a name that smells strong of Popery. Is this man licensed by any bishop ? most likely not, being a private chaplain. He like Colenso, is without the jurisdiction of the church. But we must turn our attention to the charge made against the articles, homi lies, or prayer-book, as Romanising in their teaching, and as thus causing the increase of perverts to Rome. We have to deal with tho articles as wo now hold them, not the repudiated articles of Kd- ward VI, nor the prayer-book of that date, but that now in use as the standard of the church, not muddling together the ritualistic touching of tho romanising party in the church, making her respon sible for what her articles, homilies, -&c.;, condemn. This want of fair distinction between the true Prophets and the false, is what wo complain of. The article of justification by faith only is the standard of a rising or a falling church. Let us see then the wide differ ence between the two churches on this article. The Church of England being justification by faith only. Rome says — " Whosoever shall affirm that the ungodly is justified by faith only, so that it is understood that nothing else is required to co-operate in order to obtain justification, &c.;, &c; , let him be accursed." Hence the fastings and pil grimages, mortifications, whippings, hair shirts, &c.;, of that church, like the heathen to obtain salvation. If the foun dation he bad, the superstructure must he bad also. The Church of Rome believes in works of supererogation, the Church of England says " this cannot bo taught without arrogancy and impiety." The Church of Rome teaches there arc seven sacraments, the Church of England but two — that the sacraments are not to be gazed at nor carried about. The Church of Rome teaches Transubstantia- tion, tho Church of England declares it " repugnant to tho plain words of Scrip ture, overthrowing the nature of a sacra ment that occasioned much superstitution ; also the cup should be given to the laity. The Church of England describes the Sacrifice of the Mass " as blasphemous fables ; that there can he none other satis faction for sin but the offering of Christ, once made." It declares it is lawful for priests to marry ;" that speaking in a tongue that cannot he understood by the people is plainly repugnant to the Word of God, Tho Church of Rome teaches the insufficiency of tho Scriptures and the need of tradition. The Church of England deolareth that Holy Scripture containcth all things necessary to Salvation. In short, the Articles of the Church, so far from being Popish, are a clear, unmistakeable condemnation and protest against Popery. We come next to the Homilies. The charge made is, that the writers of i he Apocrypha, are described as the Holy Baruch, the Prophet Baruch, Holy Father Tobit, and that quotations from them are so mixed up with tho quotations from David, Jacob, Jeremiah, &c.;, that the uninformed reader would suppose these to be part of the inspired writers.". Very likely an uninformed reader cannot but fall into many mistakes, and even those who are pretty well informed, fall into many mis takes likewise. The true way to guard against this is to inform them better. Holy Tobit and Father Tobit, we are told, " Made an end of praising God ; he increased in the fear of the Lord God, and praised him." Baurch, we are told, predicted the return of the Jews out of captivity, so that both these men seem to have some claim to the titles given them, but the Homily distinguishes these men from whom they have quoted,, not doctrine but' example, as Apostles, Prophets, Fathers, Doctors. Indeed, in some of these Homilies, we have clus- tered together Lucifer, Popes,; Emperors, Prophets, Apostles, Fathers, &c.;, as examples of either good or evil, and in the case under consideration, Tobit, and Baruch, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, are quoted only as examples of charity or liberality to tho poor, while, as to the .Prophets, "Sons and Daughters, Servants and hand-maids, shalil prophecy," why not Baruch? Cyprian is quoted as exhorting to the merciful work of giving alms and help ing the poor and noedy, &o.;, by the which we may purge our sins . and heal our wounded souls. So the wise preacher carries his notions of charity so far as to say mercy and alms" resisteth and rccon- cilcth sins." These are quotations, but docs the Homily embrace these extreme expressions, " Ye shall understand, dearly beloved brethren, and that neither tlieso Scriptures, before alleged, (of St. Paul's) neither the doctrines of the blessed Myrtyr Cyprian, neither any other Godly or learned man (not even Holy Father Tobit) do say when extolling the profit, and effect of liberal alms, that it washeth away sins and bringeth us to tho favour of God, doth mean that our work and charitable deed is the original cause of our acceptance before God, &c.;, &c.;, for that indeed were to deface Christ and defraud Him of his glory. — The Spirit of God working mightily in them unto obedience they declare by their outward deeds and life in showing mercy and charity, which cannot come but of the Spirit of God and His special grace ; that they are un doubtedly the children of God appointed to everlasting life," &c.;, &o.; Wo have had to deal with wily lawyers, they have quoted part of an act to mislead us, but on our demanding the book and reading the whole act, our faith has been de stroyed in them. This may be called a most ptiable apology by those who have come to an inevitable conclusion, "but who do not, distinguishing between the example of a duty and doctrinal articles of faith ? Why suppress the explanation so fully given in the Homily. These Homilies, we assert, contain sound Scriptural truths. It is said in tho face of the Homily " exhorting to the reading of tho Holy Scriptures." That there is nothing in the Church of Eng land enforoing the reading of the Scrip ture — "forsaking," saith the Homily, 'corrupt judgment of flesh by men which care not tor their carcase, let us reverently hear and read Holy Scripture, which is the food of the soul, &c.;, &c.; Whatsoever is required to the salvation of man in fully contained in the Scripture of God. These books, therefore, ought to he much in our hands, in our eyes, in Jour ears, in our mouths, but most of all in our hearts." The Homilies on the misery of man and the ' salvation of mankind, sermons on faith, good works, &c.;, are much sounder than one half of the washy sermons preached at the present day, the fanatic exhibitions wo ao often witness of sound without meaning. While as far as their anti-popish charac ter is concerned, we hear nothing like it from our pulpits now : the sermon against contention and brawling would not be a bad sermon to distribute at the present time. We will quote a few passages to show how this Ritualistic adorning tf churches is condemned,—" but away for shame with these coloured cloaks of idolatry, of books and scripture images and pictures, to teach idiots, nay, to make idols, and stock fools and beasts of Christians— do men kneel before these books, light candles at noon-day, burn incense, offer up gold and silver and other gifts to these hooks." True religion, then, and pleasing to God, standeth not, in making, set ting up, painting, gilding, clothing and decking of dumb and dead images which be but great puppets and babies of old fools in dotage, and wicked idolatry, to dally and play with, nor in keeping them lapping, kneeling, incensing, then setting, up candles, die.. Homily, pearls of idolatry. Then the homily of repairing chureheB, condemns fantastical adorning xnd deck ing, and recommends scouring oat and sweeping sinful and superstitious, filthiness, wherewith the churches are defiled and disfigured, &c.; We would briefly quote further to show the aati-papistical teaching of these Homi lies — "we may well conclude according to the rule of Augustine that the . bishops of Rome and their adherents are not the. Church of Christ— -they robbed the lay people of the cup, saying that for them one kind is j3uffioient.| JThe popes' not hearing Christ's voice, but. preferring their own' decrees before the express Word of God, plainly argues to the world that they are not of Christ nor yet pos sessed of his spirit. Can men who either have or shall read, the popes' lives justly say that they had the Holy Ghost," &c.; — (Ser. Whit Sunday). Can language bo stroogcr against popes than that con tained in , these homilies. See further this Homily. As to regeneration these Homilies are likewise decide! — " had, ho Nicodemus known the great power of the Holy Ghost, that it is hp which worketh inwardly, the regeneration and new birth of man kind, he never wou.d have marvelled; for it is the Holy Ghost and none other that doth quicken the minds of men." It is related that the celebrated missionary Henry Martin was accused in Calcutta of preaching novel doctrines, &c.; He then reverted to the Homilies the people were still more iucensed, but when it was proved to them, ' however rough the language, that their Homilies were standards of the Church of England they felt astonished and ashamed of their ignorance — the ignorance of their Homi lies and articles which is a great cause of the present growth of Ritualism. We come next to tho Prayer-book. There is not a single prayer to a saint or angel ia the whole hook ; no mediators but Christ acknowledged. The Trinity clearly defined, the atonement of Christ maintained, the regenerating influence of the Holy Ghost, confessed and sought for the church militant ; prayed for tho uni versal church ; Christ acknowledged deep confession of sins, and the' unwor- thiness of man set forth, &o.;, &c.;, in language rich, spiritual, and so chaste as to have withstood the changes of near three centuries, and avowed to be for human compositions not. surpassed. We are not now discussing the ques tions of formality and repetitions, but meeting the charge of romaniziug. Much of special specified instances we have met in former articles, such as the sense of the church as to absolution, kneeling, vestments, &c.; There is, however, one question started which implies that ministers in consent ing to subscription, can't be over scrupu lous when they declare their belief iu everything contained in the prayer-book. Whatever our own view may bo in the matter, we certainly respect the con sciences of Buch men as Scott, Simeon Yon Bickerstcth, Marsh, and a whole hoBt of the brightest divines of past and present times, that they subscribed honestly, and in the fear of God to this declaration. We do not all sec with the same eyes, nor understand in the same sense, various questions placed before us. These men did not, with Jesuitical subtlety, say they took their articles, &c.;, in their non-natural sense. (To he continued.) s. 