ABOLITION OP CAPITAL PUNISHMENT. A MEETING of humane wax individuals interested in the movement set on foot by the Rev. Hulton S. King, Mr. Frederick Lee, and others, for the abolition of capital punishment, was held at Madame Sohier's establishment in Pitt-street on Monday evening last. Juarez, the murderer of the Emperor Maximilian, whose jaws have been wagging and eyes moving backwards and torwards to the right and left ever since he was set up, was voted to the chair. There were present Mr. Morgan, from Victoria, knife and six-shooter in hand ; Mr. Scott, the murderer of his wife, who carried her body about, after he had cut it up in small joints, in a tin box, dressed in his butcher's apron and the clothes in which he was executed, sporting killing-knife and steel ; Messrs. Burgess, Kelly, Levi, and Sullivan, the immortal heroes of the wholesale slaughter at Maungatapi ; Captain Jarvey, who administered to his wife a dose of strychnine in her evening gruel ; Stack, who having despatched his mother-in- law and her three sons with an axe in Otahuliu buried them in his garden and planted potatoes upon their graves ; Searle and Ballan, who shot the bank manager at Pigoreet and robbed him of his gold ; the brothers Clarke, Lowry, Dunn, Ben Hall, Gilbert, and other illustrious bloodthirsty and ferocious murderers. With the exception of their clothes requiring a little dusting and patching up they looked very nice. Juarez opened the proceedings by stating the object of their deliberation, and called upon Mr. Morgan to propose the first resolution. That gentleman on rising laid down his pistol, and the company, being satisfied that he was not going to shoot them, greeted him with great applause. He said: "Brother murderers, we have been occupying these comfortable quarters for some time, to the tune each evening of the excellent music that is discoursed for our enter tainment, without doing anything beyond offering ourselves for the admiration of the countless thousands that every week throng the rooms to ponder upon our many virtues. The time has come when we should assist our good friends outside, and obtain them further opportunities of slaughtering their fellow creatures. At the present moment several very worthy murderers are in danger of being hanged, by the abominable laws now in force. (Hear, hear.) My particular friend in Melbourne, who, with a heavy iron hinge, knocked the brains out of his clergyman, who was visiting him for the sake of giving him religious consolation, stands a fair chance of being choked with the hangman's rope. The same danger menaces Nicholas Power, (shame ! shame !) who last Saturday with an American axe chopped a hole in the head of his wardsman, George Spinks ; Captain Hovell and Rangi, who shot down two helpless Islanders, having kidnapped them on board his ship, the Young Australian. And it was high time a stop was put to the cruel laws that would mete out the punishment of death to those who, in cold blood, slew their fellow creatures always in a cowardly and dastardly manner. (Loud and enthusiastic cheering. ) This was keeping up the old Levitical laws, which should long ago have exploded. What glorious deeds of blood they might have committed by this time if the hangman's rope had not put a stop to their ruthless gallops. He should therefore move that this company is of opinion that the punishment of death should at once be abolished, in order to give all noble murderers a further opportunity of slaking their thirst for blood with that of any innocent and unoffensive man) woman, or child, they might feel inclined to put out of the way." (Bravo and great cheers.) Stack (from New Zealand), seconded, ancl Captain Jarvey sup ported, the resolution, which was carried unanimously. Bertrand, the murderer of Mr. Kinder, moved that Mr. Billing be requested to forward a copy of the resolution to the Committee appointed at the meeting held at the Chamber of Commerce, on Monday, with the compliments of the Wax Murderers on exhibition in that room. This resolution being carried, each murderer resumed his original position in the exhibition, the band struck up a lively air, and a party of old ladies, who had j ust paid a shilling each to have a peep at their benign countenances, approached them with words of tender endearment, such as "Goodness gracious, Betsy dear, aint they really handsome ; dear, delightful ducks, what a shame it were to hang 'em." During the time the meeting was being held, the ghosts of Mr. Henry Kinder, Mrs. Seott, the murdered clergyman, and Spinks, passed through the rooms, daucing a spiritual polka to the tune of unearthly music. « What would be an appropriate classical name for a broken-winded mare ? — Aurora. What part of the continent do people visit when they go to grass ? — To Lucerne, eh ? Who is the first mentioned aurist ? — Box on the ears. 