the novelist. if ORDER OP THE king* ^ Bomancb of English Histoht, br Victob Hugo. £Kothee Pbemminaby Ohaptee. the C0MPEACHTC03.' I. flho now knows the word Compraohicos, ,f[)0 knows its meaning P jj,e Oomprachioos, or Comprapequeiios, ..•a hideous and nondesoript association of P r T7H, derersi famous in the 17th century, for * u ia the 18th, and unknown in the 19th. Comprschicos are like the "sucoession flier." an ancient social characteristic detail, for are pa*11 of 0,(* human ugliness. To the 0ieye of history, whioh sees all collectively, ^Oomprachicos belong to the colossal fact dilireiy. Joseph sold by his brethren is a ^pter in their story. The Comprachicos left their traoes in the penal laws of Spain England. You may find here and there tie dark confusion of English laws the [press of this horrible truth, as one finds the Imprint of a savage in the foreBt. (tooprachicos, the same as Comprapequeuos, compound Spanish word signifying Ohild |r*fhants. Qe Comprachioos trade in children. They tlhttbem and they Bold them. They did, steal them. The kidnapping of children mother branch of industry. And what did Remake of these children ? fly monsters P laugh at. populace muBt needs laugh. Kings L, The mountebank is wanted in the Lett; the jester at the Louvre. The one is a Clown, the other a Fool. Jfhe efforts of man to prooure himself plea Lire sometimes worthy of the attention of; fbatdo we sketch in these few preliminary |p? A chapter in the most terrible of ids; a book which might be entitled—The jf»i»y of the Unhappy by the Sappy. II. lebild destined to be a plaything for men |tch a thing has existed; such a thing even now. In simple and savage such a thing constituted an especial The 17th century, called the great Suit, was of these times. It was a toy very Byzantine in tone. It combined npt simplicity with delicate ferocity; a ®ns variety of civilisation. A tiger making tj mowes, Madame de Sevigne minces on inject of the faggot and the wheel. This by traded a good deal in children. Flat ly historians have concealed the sore, bat dirulged the remedy, Vincent de Paul. |horder that a human toy should suooeed, M be taken early. The dwarf must be ; Jiined when young. We play with child But a well-formed child is not very ing; a hunchback is better fun. grew an art. There were trainers a man and made him an abortion; took a face and made a muzzle; they ' growth; they kneaded the face. The Veiai production of teratologic^ cases had mta. It was quite a science; what one imagine as the antithesis of orthopedy. K where God had put a look, this art put bint. There where God had made Bony, they made discord. There where ibid made the perfect picture, they re Wished the sketch; and, in the eyes of ■uhceurs, it was the sketch which was per 1 They also debased animals; they in* id piebald horses. Torenne rode a pie Iborse. In our own days do they not dye ?Hue and green P Nature is our canvas, •has always wished to add something to hwork. Man letouoheB oreation, some* for better, sometimes for worse. The 'buffoon was nothing but an attempt to '"an bsok to the monkey. It was a pro 1 the wrong way. A masterpiece in re-' "■'on. At .the same time they tried to i ® * man of the monkey. Barbara,! of Cleveland and Countess of South* bRd • marmoset for a page. Frances j®1 Baroness Dudley, eighth peeress in the ® of barons, had tea served by a baboon to gold brocade, whioh her ladyship; Black. Catherine Sedley, Countess j ^■Chester, nsed to go and take her seat in ; ■ment in a eoaoh with armorialbearings,j l etoo^ their muzzles stuck hp ; threeCape monkeys in grand livery, f®** of Medina-Celi, whosetoilett® ""firole witnessed, had her stockings pu' J^jOurang-outahg. These monkeys J» the scab hers a bbunterphUe to men bestialiied. The promiscuous* ■ •*nd beast, desired by the great* B pewaUy prominent in the ease of the the dog. The dwarf never quitted i hhloh was always bigger than himself. rf the dwarf ; it was as _^ *ere ooupled . with a eollar. This is authenticated by a mass of notably by the portrait x>£ dwarf of Henrietta, of Franoe, rf flenri Quatre, and wife of Charles man tends to deform him. The of his state was oompleted by die. > By; Older of th« vwa pQiphste& by The proprietors of " The figurement. Certain vivisectors of that period succeeded marvellously well in effacing from the human face the divine effigy. Doctor Conquest, member of the Amen-etreet College, and judicial visitor of the chemists' Bhops of London, haB written a book in Latin on this pBendo-Burgery, the processes of which, he describes. If we are to believe Justus of Oar rickfergus, the inventor of this branch of surgery was a monk named Avonmore—an Irish word signifying the Great River. The dwarf of the Eleotor Palatine, Perkeo, whose effigy—or ghost—springs from a magical box in the cave of Heidelberg, was a remark* able specimen of this scienoe, very varied in its applications. It fashioned beings, the law of whose existence was hideously simple, it pormitted them to suffer, and commanded them to amuse. III. The fabrication of monsters was practised on a large Bcale, and comprised various species. The Sultan required them, so did the Pope ; the one to guard his women, the other to say his prayers. These were of a peculiar kind, incapable of reproduction. Scarcely human beings, they were useful to voluptuousness and to religion. The Beraglio and the Sietine Chapel utilised the same species of monsters; fierce in the former, mild in the latter. They knew how to produoe things in those days which are not produced now; they had talents which we lack, and it is not without reason that some good folk cry out that the decline has come. We no longer know how to sculpture living human flesh ; this is con sequent on the Iobs of the art of torture. Men were once virtuosi in that respect, but are so no longer; tbe art has become eo simplified that it wjll soon disappear altogether. In cutting the limbs of living men, in opening their bellies and in dragging out their entrails, phenomena were grasped on the moment and discoveries made. We are obliged to renounce these experiments now, and are thus deprived of the progress which surgery makes by aid of the executioner. The vivisection of former days was not limited to the manufacture of phenomena for the market-place, of buffoonB for the palace (a species of augmentative of the courtier), and eunuchs for BultanB and popes. It abounded | in varieties. One of itB triumphs was the manufacture of cocks for the Ring of Englaud. It was the custom, in the palaoe of the kings of England, to have a sort of watchman, who crowed like a cock. This watcher, awake while all others slept, ranged the palace, and raised from hour to hour the cry of the farm yard, repeating it as often as was necessary, and thus supplying a clock. This man, promoted to be cock, had undergone in childhood the operation of tbe pharynx, which was part of the art described by Dr. Conquest. Under Charles II. the salivation, inseparable to the operation, having disgusted the Duchess of Portsmouth, the appointment was indeed pre served, so that the splendour of the erown should not be tarnished, but they got an un mutilated man to represent the cock. A re tired officer was generally selected for this honourable employment. Under James IL tbe functionary was named William Sampson, cock, and received for his crow £9 2b. 6d. annually.* The memoirs of Catherine II. inform us that at; St. Petersburg, scarcely a hundred years since, whenever the Czar or Czarina was dis pleased with a Russian priuoe, he was forced to squat down in the great ante-chamber of the palace, and to remain in that posture a certain number of days, mewing like a cat, or cluok ing like a sitting hen, and pecking his food from the floor. These fashions have p&Bsed; away; but not so much, perhaps, bb one might imagine. Now. a-days, courtiers slightly modify their intona* tion-in clucking to please their masters. More than one picks up from the ground—we will not say mud—what he eats. It is very fortunate that kinga cannot err. Hence their contradictions never perplex us. In approving always, one is sure to be always right—which is pleasant. Louis XIV. would not have liked to see at Versailles either an officer acting the cook, or a prinoe acting the turkey. That which raised the royal and im perial dignity in England and Russia would have seemed to Louis the Great incompatible with the crown of St. Louis. We know what hiB displeasure was when Madame Henrietta forgot herself so far as to see a ben in a dream—whioh was, indeed, a grave breaoh of good manners in a lady of the court. When one is of the oourt, one should not dream of the courtyard. Bossuet, * M. Victor Hugo refers the reader to Chamber layne'e work on "Tbe Present State pTJKngl^ad," chapter xilL, where will be found "AXilat pf His Majesty's Household Offioeri and Servants attending in tbe several offices below stairs, under the command of his Graoe James Duke of Ormond, Lord Steward, together with their respective salaries." From this listitmay be enough to quote the last fire entries. Sir Edward Villers, Knight Marshall £28 0 0 8ik under Mawhalla.. - 100 0 0 William Sampson,Cock .. .. .. .-9 * » Four Grooms Purveyoursof Longoarts .. 10 IS ,4 Henry RalnBford, Porter at St. James's .. 50 0 0 And in ease anyone should imagine that Cook is a misprint for Cook, let it be observed that the officers of the king's kitchen are given in a different part of the f"" chapter, and that the wages of the meanest of them was double what the gallant Cook obtained. Here is the list:— John Clement, Esq., 2nd Clerk .. - a £160 0 0 Claud FonrmonwEsq., 1st Master Cook.. 1M 00 Patriok Lam be, Esq., 2nd Master Oook .. 80 0 0 I Thomas Budding, Yeoman of the Mouth.. 50 0 0 Joseph Oentlivre, Yeoman Pottagier .. '50 0 O John Thompson, Groom .. .. •» SO 0 0 John Llnoioombe, Groom .. #» « ® Alexander Housden, Child 85 0 0 JameeBeaoher, Child .. .. •• 9 0 One Scourer .. .. .. •• M 0 0 ! Three Turnbroohes -• JJ J « i One Doorkeeper 18 B 0 TRANSLATOR. it may be remembered, was nearly as scan* daliaed as Louis XIV. IV. The commerce in children in the seventeenth century, as we bave explained, was oonneoted with a trade. The Oompraohicos engaged in the commerce, and carried on , the trade. They bought children, worked a little, on thp raw material, and resold them afterwards. The vendors were of all kinds: from the wretched father getting rid of bis family, to the master utilising his stud of slaves. The sale of men was a simple matter. In our own time we have had fighting to maintain this right. We recall that it is less than a century ago since the Elector of SeBse sold his subjeots to the King of England, who repaired men to be killed in America. He went to the Elector of Hesse as we go to the butcher to buy meat. The Elector bad food for. powder in Btock, and hung up his subjects in bis shop. Come buy, it is for sale. In England, under Jefferies, after the tragical episode of Mon mouth, there were many lords and gentlemen beheaded and quartered. These condemned men left wives and daughters, widows and orphans, whom James II. gave to the queeni his wife. The queen sold these ladies. They were needed in the colonies ; and her Graoious Majesty made rather a good business out of them. The young Bold dear. We may imagine, with the uneasy feeling which a com*, plicated Bcandal arouses, that probably some old duchesses were thrown in cheap. The CompraebiooB were also called the Cheylas, a Hindoo word, which conveys the image of harrying a nest. For a long time the Comprachicos only partially concealed themselves. There is some* times in the social order a favouring shadow thrown over iniquitous trades, in which they thrive. In our own day we have seen an association of the kind in Spain, last under the direction of the firebrand, Ramon Selles, from 1834 to 1S66, and hold three provinces under terror for thirty years—Valentia, Alicante, and Murcia. Under the Stuarts, the Comprachicos were by no means in bad odour at court. On occa sions they were usrd for reasons of state. They were for James II, almost an insfrumettfum regni. It was a time when families, which were refractory or in the way, were dismem bered j when a descent was cut short; when heira were suddenly suppressed. Sometimes one branch was defrauded to the profit of another. The Comprachicos had a genius for disfiguration which reoommended them to state policy. To disfigure is better than to kill. There was, indeed, the Iron Mask, but that is a great undertaking. Europe could not be peopled with iron masks, while deformed tumblers ran about the streets without creating any surprise. Besides, the iron mask is removable; not so the mask of flesh. You are masked for ever by your own flesh nothing is more ingenious. The Compraohicos | worked on man as the Chinese work on trees. As we have said, they had their secrets; they had tricks which are now lost arts. A sort of fantastio stunted thing left their hands; it was ridiculous and wonderful. They would touch up a little being with eueh skill that its father could not have known it. Et que miconnaitrait I'aeil mime de son pbre, as Racine says in bad French. Sometimes they left the spine straight and remade the face. They unmarked a child as one might unmark a pocket-handkerchief. Products, destined for tumblers, had their joints dislocated in a masterly manner—you would have said they had been boned. Thus gymnasts were made. Hot only did the Compraohicos take away his face from the child, they also took away his memory. At least they took away all they | could of it; the child had no consciousness of the mutilation to which he had been subjected. This frightful surgery left its traces on his countenance, but not on his mind. The most | he could recall was that one day he had been Beized by men, that next he bad fallen asleep, and then that he had been cured. Cured of what? he did not know. Of burnings by sulphur and inciBionB by the iron he remem bered nothing. The Comprachicos deadened the little patient by means of a stupefying powder, which was thought to be magical, and suppressed all pain. This powder has been known from time immemorial in China, and is still employed there in the present day. The Chinese have been beforehand with us in all our inventions—printing, artillery, aerostation, chloroform. .Only the disoovery, which in Europe at once takes life and birth, and becomes a prodigy and a! wonder, remains a chrysalis inChina, and is preserved in a death* like state. China is a jmuseum of embryos. - , Sinop we are iuChinaletus remain there a moment to observe a peculiarity, In China, from timei immemorial, they, have, possessed a osrtain refinement of industry and art. It is the art of moulding a living man. They take a child, two or three years old, put him in a porcelain vase, more or leas grotesque, which is made without top or bottom to aUow egress for the head and feet. During the -day the vase is set upright, and at night is laid down to allow the ohild to sleep. Thus the child thickens without growing teller, filling up with his compressed flesh and distorted boneB the reliefs in the vase., £his development in a bottle continues many years. At a given time it becomes irreparable. 'When they consider that this is accomplished, and the monster made, they break the vase. The child oomes out—ana, behold, there is a man in the shape of a mug! r' It mi oopyenient; by ordering your dwarf betimes you were, able to have it of any shape you wished. V. •Tames II. tolerated tbe Compraohioos for the good reason that he made use of them; at least he happened to do so more than oaoe. We do. not always disdain to use what we { despise. This low trade, an excellent expe dient sometimes for the higher one which is I called Btate policy, was willingly left in a miserable state, but was not perseouted. There was no surveillance, but a certain amount of attention. Thus much might be useful—the law closed one eye, tbe king opened the other. Sometimes tbe king went so far as to avow his complicity. These are audacities of monarchical terrorism. The disfigured one was marked with the fleur-de-lys; they took from him the mark of God, they put on him the mark of the king. Jacob Astley, knight and baronet, lord of Melton Constable, in the county of Norfolk, had in his family a child who had been sold, and upon whose forehead the dealer bad imprinted a fleur-de-lye with a hot iron. In certain caBes, if it wae held desirable to verify for any reason the royal origin of the new position made for the child, they used these means. England has always done us the honour to utilise, for her personal servioe, the fleur-de-lys. The Comprachicos, allowing for the shade which separates a trade from fanaticism, were analogous to the Stranglers of India. They lived among themselves in gangs, and to facili tate their progress, affected somewhat of the Merry-Andrew. They encamped here and there, but they were grave and religious, bearing no (affinity to other nomads, and in capable of theft. The people for a long time wrongly confounded them with the Moors of Spain and the Moors of China. The Moors of Spain were coiners of false money, the Moore of China were mere thieves. There was nothing of that sort about the Comprachicos j they were honest folk. Whatever you may think of them, they were sometimes sincerely ecrupnlous. They pushed open a door, entered, bargained for a cbild, paid, and departed. All was done with propriety. Tbey were of all countries. Under the name of Comprachicos fraternised English, French, Castilians, Germans, Italians. A unity of idea, a unity of superstition, the pur suit of the same calling, make such fusions. In this fraternity of vagabonds, those of the Mediterranean seaboard represented the East, those of the Atlantic seaboard represented the WeBt. Swarms of Basques conversed with ewarms of Irishmen. The Basque and the Irishman understand each other, they speak the old Punic jargon 5 add to this the inti mate relations of Catholic Ireland with Catholic Spain—relations such that they terminated by bringing to the gallows in London one almost King of Ireland, the Cambrian Lord de Brany; from which resulted the conquest of the county of Leitrim. Tbe Comprachicos were rather a fellowship than a tribe; rather a residuum than a fellow ship. It was all the rif-raff of the universe^ haviDg for their trade a crime. It was a sort of harlequin people, all composed of rags. To recruit a man was to sew on a tatter. To wander was the Comprachicos' law of existence—to appear and disappear. What Is barely tolerated cannot take root. Even in the kingdoms where their business supplied the courts, and, on occasions, serve as an auxiliary to the royal power, they were now 1 and then suddenly ill-treated. Kings made use of their art, and sent the artists to the galleys. These inconsistencies belong to the ebb and flow of royal caprice. "For snch is our pleasnre." A rolling stone and a roving trade gather no moss. The Comprachicos were poor. They might have said with the lean and ragged witch who, when she eaw them lighting the torch at the stake, observed, " Le jeu n'en vaut pas la cbandelle." It is possible, nay probable, their chiefs remaining unknown, that the wholesale contractors in the trade were rich. After the lapse of two centuries, it would be difficult to throw any light on this point. It was, as we have said, a fellowship. It had its laws, its oaths, its formulas—it had almost its cabala. Anyone now-a-days wish ing to know all about the Comprachicos, need only go into Bisesya or Galiciaas there were many Basques among them, it is in thosB mountainsone hears their histoiy. To this day the Coinprachioos are spoken of at Oyarznn, at Urbistondo, at Leso, at Astigarraga. Aguardate, wffio, que vog a llamar al Com prachicos,—Teke care, child, -or I'll call the Comprachicos,—is, in this country the cry with which toothers frighten their children. The CdmpraohipoB, like the Zigeuner and the GipsieB, appointed plaoes for periodical meetings. From time to time their leaden oonferred together. In the seventeenth oen tury they had four principal points of ten- J deavous. One in Spain, the Pass of Paneorbo 5 one in Germany, the glade called the Wicked Woman, near Diekirsh, where there are two enigmatio has reliefs, representing a woman with a head and a man without one; one in JVanee, the hill where was the oolossal statue of Massue-la-Promesee in the old sacred wood of Borvo Tomona, near Bourbonue les Bains ; one in England, behind the garden wall of William Ohalloner, Squire of Gisborough in Cleveland, Yorkshire, behind the square tower and the great wing which is entered by an arched door. TI. The laws against vagabonds have always been very rigbrous iu England. England, in her Gotbio 'legislation, seemed to be inspired with this prinoiple, Homo errant fera errante ppjor. One of the special statutes classifies the man without a home as " more dangerous than the asp, dragon, lynx, or, basilisk" (atrocior aspide,. draoone, lynce, et latilioo). England for a long time troubled herself as much concerning the gipsies, of which alia wished to be rid, as about the vrolves of which she had been cleared. In that the Englishman differed from the irishman, who prayed to the saints for the health of the wolf, and called him my godfather. English law, nevertheless, in the earns way as (we have just seen) it tolerated the wolf tamed, domestioated, and beoome in some sort a dog, tolerated the regular vagabond, become in some sort a subject. It did not tronble itself about either the mountebank, or the travelling barber, or the quack doctor, or the pedlar, or the open-air scholar, as long as they had a trade to live by. Further than this, and with these.exceptions, the description of free dom which exists in the wanderer terrified the law. A tramp was a possible publio enemy. That modern thing, the lounger, was thai unknown; that ancient thing, th6 vagrant, was alone understood. A suspicious appear ance, that indescribable something, which all understand and none oan define, was sufficient reason that society should take a man by the collar. " Where do you live P Sow do you get your living ?" And if he could not answer, harsh penalties awaited him. Iron and fire were in the code: the law took to cauterisation of vagrancy. Eenee on all English territory a veritable " loi des suspects " was applicable to vagrants who, it must be owned, not unwillingly beoame malefactors, and particularly to. gipsies, whose expulsion has erroneously been compared to the expulsion of the Jews and the Moors from Spain, and the Protestants from France. As for us, we do not confound a battue with a persecution. The Comprachicos, we insist, had nothing in common with the gipsies. The gipsies were a nation; the Comprachicos were a compound of all nations—the lees, as we have said, of a horrible vessel full of filthy waters. The Com prachicos had not, like the gipsies, an idiom of their own; their jargon was a promiscuous collection of idioms : all languages were mixed together in their language; they spoke a medley. Like the gipsies, they had come to be a people winding through the peoples; but their common tie was association, not race. At all epochs in history one finds in the vast liquid mass which constitutes humanity some of these streams of venomous men exuding poison around them. The gipsies were a tribe; the Comprachicos a freemasonry—a masonry having not a noble aim, but a hideous handi craft. Finally, their religions differed—the gipsies were Pagans, the Compracbioos were Christians, and, more than that, good Christians, as became an association which, although a mixture of all nations, owed its birth to Spain, a devout land. They were more than Christians, they were Catholics; they were more than Catholios, they were Romans, and so touchy in their faith, and so pure, that they refused to associate with the Hungarian nomads of the comitate of Pesth, commanded and led by en old man, having for sceptre a wand with a silver ball, surmounted by the double-headed Austrian eagle. It is true that these Hun garians were schismatics, to the extent of celebrating the Assumption on the 29th of August, which is an abomination. In England, so long as the Stuarts reigned, the confederation of the Compraohicos was (for motives of which we have already given you a glimpse) to a certain extent protected. James II., a devout man, who persecuted the Jews, and trampled out the gipsies, was a good prince to the Comprachicos. We have seen why. The Compraohicos were buyers of the human ware in which he was a dealer. They excelled in disappearances. Disappear ances oooasionally were necessary for the good of the state. An inoonvenient heir of tender age, whom they tookand handled,lost his khape. This facilitatedconfiscation; the transfer of titles to favourites was simplified. The Com pracbioos were, moreover, very discreet, and very taciturn. They bonnd themselves to silence, and kept their word, which is neosasary in affairs of state. There was scarcely an example of their having betrayed the secrets of the king. This was, it is true, for their interest; and if the king had lost oonfidenoe in them, they would have been in great danger. - They were thus of use in a political point of new. Moreover, these artiste furnished aingen for the. Holy Esther. The Comprachfeos were useful for the Jfirerereof Allegri. They were particularly devoted to Mary, All this pleased the papistry of the Stuarts. James IL could aot be hostile to these holy men, who pushed their devotion to the Yirgin to the extent of manufacturing eunuohs. In 1688 there was. a change; of dynasty in England. Orange 1 supplanted Stuart. William I1L replaced James TTr James II. went away to die in exile, where miraoles were performed on his tomb, and where his relios cured the Bishop of Autnh of fistula —a worthy recompense of the Christian virtues of the prinoe. William, having neither ideas nor the same practice# as James, woe severe to the Comprachicos. He did his beak to crush out the vermin. , ? A statute of the early part of William and Mary's reign hit the association of child buyers herd. It was as a blow Of * club to the Gomprtohioos, who wera from that time pulverised. By the terms pfthis statute 1 (hose men of the gang taken and duly con Ticted, were to be branded with a red-hot iron, imprinting B on the shoulder, signifying rogue; pa the left baud T, signifying thief; and on the right hand If, signifying man-slayer. The chiefs, supposed to be rich, although beggars in appearance, were punished in the ©olliftrigium—that is, the pillory, and branded on the forehead with a P, besides having their properties confiscated, and the trees in their woods rooted np. Those who did not inform against the Comprecbicoe were to be punished by confiscation and perpetual imprisonment •a for the crime of misprision. As for th0 women found among these men, they were to suffer the cucking-stool—this is a tumbrel, the name of which, composed of the French word coquine, and the English word stool, signifies a scold's chair, English law being endowed with a strange longevity, this punishment still exists in English legislation for quarrelsome women The cucking-stool is suspended over a river or a pond, tbe woman seated on it. The chair i'b allowed to drop into tbe water, and then pulled out. This dipping of the woman is repeated three times, u to cool her anger," says the com mentator, Chamberlayne. 