SELECT POETRY. THE UNBOLTED DOOR. An aged widow sat alone Beside her narrow hearth ; Her silent cottage never heard The ringing laugh of mirth. Six children once had sported there, but now the churchyard snow Fell softly on five little graves that were not long ago. She mourned them all with patient love, But since her eyes had shed Far bitterer tears than those which dewed The faces of the dead. The child which had been spared to her, her darling and her pride, The woeful mother lived to wish that she had also died ! Those little ones beneath the snow, Not lost, but gone before ; Faith taught her all was well with them, And then the pang was o'er ; But when she thought where Katie was, she saw the city's glare. The painted mask of bitter joy which Need gives Sin to wear. Without the snow was thick and white, No step had fallen there ; Within she sat beside her fire, Each thought a silent prayer, When suddenly, behind her seat, unwonted noise she heard, As though a hesitating hand the rustic latch had stirred. She turned, and there the wanderer stood, With snowflakes on her hair, A faded woman, wild and worn, The ghost of something fair. And then upon the mother's neck the withered brow was laid, " Can God and you forgive me all ? for I have sinned," she said. The widow dropped upon her knees, Before the fading fire, And thanked the Lord, whose loving hand Had granted her desire. The daughter kneeled beside her too, tears streaming from her eyes, And prayed, " God help me to be good to mother ere she dies !" They did not talk about the sin, The shame, the bitter woe : They spoke about those little graves, And things of long ago. And then the daughter raised her eyes, and said in tender tone, " Why did you keep your door unbarred when you were quite alone ?" " My child," the widow said, and smiled A smile of love and pain : " I kept it so lest you should come, And turn away again : I've waited for you all the while—a mother's love-is true ; Yet is it but the shadowy type of His who died for you !" 