" CHURCH PRECEPTS." by gavazzi. Dealing less in broad and comprehensive- theories, and descending into the practical working of a system which he reprobates, the speaker addressed himself to a host of minor details, which the still increas ing multitude of his Italian hearer palpably relished, but whioh were, perhaps, less interesting or intelli- gible to his numerous British audi tors. With undiminished powers of illus trative elocution, and unabated energies, be entered into the minute by-laws of an oppressive, onerous, meddling, and fre quently immoral legislation resulting from the irresponsible sway of a priesthood! ignorant of the wants, reckless of the, rights, and hostile to the feelings, of tkei laity. It was not merely nations in their corporate capacity that found a foe in the fox whose den was in a Roman hill, Quella volpe che siede in Vaticano— Dante. hut families, homesteads, and individual! wrongs, bore testimony to these sinister influences in ever active and evil opera tion. He traced to the utter extinction of- the primitive popular element in . Chris tian assemblies this disastrous .change in, the originally sound and beneficent code of the early cnons. The ambassadors of kings watched the doings of churchmen- of general eouneils, but the people had' no longer any organ nor delegate there. The Pope, by his rotten boroughs of bull- created bishoprics, absorbed the whola representation of Christendom; and the- prooeedings at Trent were a gigantic sham. . The present .constitution of ecele-- siaatical boards at Rome, presuming to re gulate the spiritual concerns of mankind was absolutely revolting. The led-tapists; of a blind and unteacnable native court were reinforced by the dregs of Don Miguel from Portugal, of Ferdinand the Embroiderer from. Spain, of the old Sar dinian Camarilla, aided by> Neapolitan,, ignorance, the strings of the whole puppet- show being pulled by an Austrian or Russian ambassador in the name of the Holy Ghost. Such was the actual me chanism of Catholicity— such the cacume- . nical character of its legislation. Marriage was an essential ingredient of civil society ; to monopolise its arrange mentsandto usurp its direction was a. crying abuse on the part of the priesthood. At this moment Piedmont is engaged in a death- struggle with Rome for the rid dance its intermeddling with conjugal contracts, and the nuncio Monsignor Boverio at Berne is seeking to invalidate mixed marriages in Switzerland. Eng land's turn is approaching. The pre tence for interference in wedded life, whioh in apostolic times never entered the scheme of gospel morality, even pagan alliances being undisturbed by Paul, arose from sheer wantonness of ecclesiastical tyranny or the more inglorious greed of gain. The speaker traced the rise of traffic in dispensations, and showed what a powerful instrument of annoyance to kings, what a formidable weapon in thc hands of the papacy, was the assumption of a control over wedlock and the claim to bless or ban the nuptial bed, from the days of Robert of France down to the Re formation, when the fatal engine recoiled on tbo pontifical engineer. Capricious ugments ox spiritual or constructive am- nity had been superadded to the Hebrew catalogue of impediments, and their re moval made a branch of fiscal emolument, European maternity and' the suckling of legitimate offspring were regulated by the she-wolf of Rome, and became the prero-: gative of that lupanar. The hardships and immoral results of this traffic in its' bearing on the poorer classes, and its at tendant scandals in the higher ranksof society, were ably indicated, and anomaly of the sacramental character over-riding and overthrowing the intrinsically socia and domestic nature of the contract learnl <edly developed. . The precept of fasts and distinctions of food was next anatomised; and its!opprfe£- sive and unequal .pressure on the various nations, climates, and individual !abstaines, shrewdly illustrated. The ab surdity of enforcing fish diet on district utterly unpiseatorial, or a vegetarian regime op mountaineers wlicse. only, re source was the goat in their unhotanical I ridges, the undignified decrees on " drip- I ping,'-' and the puerility of .pastorals about; i eggs, only equalled by the anti-climax of |":in the name of the prophet, figs 1".. the : ludicrous . result of., orthodox Italy ; anil Spain being made to promote, the herring fisheries of the heretic Dutch, and work the cod banks of northern Protestantism, through their fictitiously-created necessity for baccala, were, topics which lost ho- . thing in the treatment of the orator, whose versatility of style equals his vehe mence. The famous hull, of the cruzada in the Spanish peninsula,., hearing on the operation of the precept, next afforded abundant materials for alternate scorn and critical scrutiny. Issued in the first instance as a, stimulant to the. war of ex pulsion against the Saracens (" who were a sort of mediaeval Austrians, foreign in truders in Spain, hut less brutal than Italy's, modem Moors, far more refined and not .half so objectionable as our Croats,") the scheme of compounding in hard cash for sterile-and unproductive ah- iinence was found, when the crusade was over, too profitable a speculation for aban donment. Tickets of exemption were ac- . eordingly, and are still, sold at lottery offices in the public streets, and the man- . . agemeht of this monstrous imposture pre sents in Spain a regular organisation. The. head' contractor with the: Court of . Rome -for this gastronomic mining privi lege — this California of credulity— was, not long ago, the Jew Emanuel, to' whose thence- gathered wealth we owe the 41 Stabat Mater" of Rossini, composed and paid for by his order out of the pro ceeds of humbug. In point of fact, the 1 sale of these cruzada tickets is carried on after a ' fashion of ' pious quackery, ' by sound of, trumpet, and with boast of their efficacy, 6uch as Dottor Dulcamara alone .exhibits on the stage; and though the eommerce- of indulgences was rudely eheeked long ago in northern Europe, .-'brisk transaotions still continue in the same commodity southwards. Gregory XIII., to quicken the demand, issued a brief, extending the conrertsbility of this currency, and' establishing its acknow ledgement by the exchequer of purgatory. The financial details in connexion with this latter establishment, the speaker dwelt on at some length, evidently to the 'bewilderment of the British portion ot 'bis auditory. Saints' festivals and the host of obliga tory holydays, in their consequences on industry and wages, gave full Bcope to the "denunciation of the father, whose protests in favour of the poor man's share in the benefits of the Gospel were delivered with fearful energy, and the claim of church man to: curtail his already straitened cir- cumstances by the enforcement of com pulsory idleness', for the mere purpose of clerical glorification, scouted as intoler able. As to the manufacture of saints by the exclusive machinery of a Roman board, not, as of old, by the spontaneous acclamation of the people, he delivered his opinion with full augmentative free dom; and,, adverting to the unlimited expenditure which the modern process of canonisation entails, and the grasping de mands of - corrupt officials in the chancery of Rome, he recorded the remark of Count Borromeo, when his great uncle, the Car dinal of Milan, was finally lodged in the Empyreum by a papal decree, that another saint in the family would be absolute ruin and downright bankruptcy. The penal injunction by which the Fourth Council of Lateran sought to ren der auricular confession obligatory at Easter, under menace of excommunica tion and loss of Christian burial, was an enactment only productive of hypocrisy and fraud. Millets de conjession were the most preposterous of all certificates; a hideous object of transfer on the part of degraded beings in . Rome, where the sa craments of Christ were made instruments of police, and the confessional, like the ear of Dionysius, became a receptacle through which tyranny gained treacher ous cognisance of secrets not its own. He would reserve hiB views on the origin and gradual extension of this auricular system for fuller development on another occasion ; its foul agency was not con fined to the betrayal of patriot honour, but was equally disastrous to maiden innocence and conjugal purity. Finally, the canons of ecclesiastical law on the subject of money loans and usury were canvassed, and their self-con tradictory character demonstrated ; whereupon the speaker took occa sion to discuss the circumstances un der which the present priestly ruler of; Rome negotiated his loan with the house of Rothschild, which' gave him an opening for a vigorous onslaught on the . papal restoration, its agents, and abettors, the old abuses which had follow ed in its train, the horrible oppression un der which the territory groaned, and tho ever accumulating inaes of hatred and ex- eoration which must inevitably overwhelm the wretched Papal Court' on the with drawal of its Gallican janissaries. This -portion of his address was, of course, not less loudly applauded than his previous more argumentative disqui sitions. 