INFAMY. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. Written expressly for the Yass Courier. chatter h. A moonlight exodus. M The roillnR title cnme tip ulont; the sands JOut never home came fhc.— Kinosley Mrs. Muirliead, sin-inking back from Ibo white glare of the moonlight into tho dark hut-shadow, whispered hurriedly, " was that you playing or is there some ouo else Lore. I daren t bo seen." " Whatever may be the matter, madam, you need -not mind or fear tlio player. Ho is somewhat like what I am ; so, as it is evident "that you trust mo, I take it on myself to answer for him. Como inside, if there be no immediate pressing danger ; and, for God's sake, tell mo what I can do for you. Why are you here ? Have you lost your way ?" " My way ? Yes. Indeed, indeed I liavo. Oh ! Mr. Fitzroy, what must I do ? I ain beset with misery." Without waiting for immediate answer, Mrs. Muirliead entered the hut very timidly and nervously. Halliday, who had heard spoken words outsido, bowed as sho came in. His whispered "as 1 thought" was audible to Fitzroy, who stood in tho doorwaj-, looking as if lost in tho very lowest depths of profound astonishment. The lady had sunk down on tho log seat, the flame-light shone ruddily on Hallidny's face as ho said sadly, " Mrs. ' Muirliead, I perceive, doesn't remember Charles Halliday ?" Sho threw up a short, swift, inquisitivo glanco, - -Memory triumphed, and then she buried her face iu her small whito hands. The fire-blaze cast a glimmering slieen upon the golden circlet that clasped lier tender wrist. A motnont passed, and then she nerved herself to speak. "I have not forgotten yon, as this will toll you." As sho spoke she showed tho bracelet that in past days lie had given to her as Blanche Evelegli. " But how came you here I" she added, dreamily. "I catno last evening as a beggar to this hut, seeking beggar's fare, victuals and shelter. I found its tenant to bo a friend ; in fact, the brother of ono once very dear to you and me — of him who lies at rest near Delhi." " Drink this," said George, coining forward with a pauhican of water. Ho had noticed that Mrs. Muirhead's countenance had changed to deadly whiteness. She drank, but did not faint. She sat like a ghost compassed by a huge bewildornient. Halliday played a lew low notes on tho fhitina. Tliey seemed to recall past memories, for sho wept ; and the tears were serviceable. They were sweet relief to a sorely burdened mind. " What cau wo do r" looked Fitzroy at Halliday, who answered by putting his finger to his lips. . So for a timo there was more silence. Presently Mrs. Muirliead started up, nsking, " are those footsteps outside." "No," answered George. " Excuse mo,' said Halliday, " but as there is certainly something very wrong somewhere, and as time is precious, and may now be priceless, will not sho who was once Blanche Evelegli give to Charles Halliday and Goorgo Fitzroy the key to the. enigma. Wo are, it must be confessed, both of us, in sad plight for knight errantry of any kind, but what we can do, believe us, wo will do with such strength and heartiness as we liavo remaining to us. Wont we, Goorgo ?" Fitzroy's reply was a beam of lustre wliielK seemed to ignore drunkenness and folly; while llaliidav's words bad been spoken with a cheery hopeful ness and chivalrous devotion with which externals did not by any means agreo. " Thanks," was the quiet answer, softly and trustfully spoken. "I. camo knowing with a woman's instinct that I had a friend here, hut little dreaming of friends/ or who such might prove. I must leavo this place. I want to reach Melbourne at soonest. I came, thinking that George, I mean Mr. Fitzroy, would show nie the best road to Wullagnoiula. It is only forty miles, I have heard, from here, and I thought I could manago to walk there in two or three nights, unseen by any one." "I will go ; said George, "and perhaps it were best to start at once." " George," said Halliday, "listen; as I am an old iriond of this lady, I will presume myself privileged to speak in this matter. Mrs. Muirliead, we don't want to know one single matter concerning tho why of your request, but please answer me this (and I know George will credit me for not speaking selfishly), will Georgo's absence to-morrow and the following day from his flock in any way compromise you ? You are leaving your homo, on what errand wo do nob press for information, will it be wise to leave a clue of any kind, or are you quite careless whether there be a clue or no ?" " Halliday is right," said George, generously. "I am not safe here, that is, I am not safe near my husband. I found out that just after sunset. I liavo borne faithlessness, open as his was, because, Charlie, knowing iny own past I could not complain, but I cared not to be murdered, so I left liini. Luckily I hnvo money enough and to spare to lake me away. Perhaps thero had better bo 110 clue. He, or rather tliey, are capable of anything." ""Can you walk eight miles before dawn," asked George, eagerly. " Yes." "Then, I believe tins to be your best plan. Let me think; it is now Tuesday. Well, I will take you and' Charlie to the crater on Mount Delawarr, which is just eight miles from here. Charlie can carry some food sufficient for three days, and you can eamp to morrow (or rathor to-dajq for it- is now past two), in the crater, where there is glorious shelter. Having shown you the spot I shall return here, and he with my " jumbueks" as usual. You two, having spiel led all day, can at dusk resume the march towards Woolhigoonda, .the road thither laying just at the foot of Delawarr. If you, during your next spoil of .travel, do sixteen miles, it will bring you to the Devil's Creek, whore you can halt for another day in complete security from detection. And then one other sixteen miles will bring you to Woollagoonda itself, in time for the early coach which leaves about an hour and a half before sunrise ou Thursday morn ing-. "You are very good, George. Your manner reminds me of your brother. Did you guess that I had ever known him very, very well, when you saw X. F. on this," asked Mrs. Muirliead, hesitatingly. "No; I did not, being stupid, yon know. But Charlie told us all about it just before you came. However, we have uo time to wait. Are yoii ready ? " " Quito." " Are you, Charlio ? " "Yes," replied Halliday, buckling his quart pot on to his swag. "Well, then, wait one minute, and off's the word." George swiftly and carefully packed up tea and sugar, slices of damper and mutton ten derly wrapped in writing paper, and the jar of marmalade, within the folds of the opossum rug he had given to liis friond. Somewhat gaily ho then cried out, " march." And off they started. Everything around them was very calm, peaceable, and lovely. The dew glistened in the moonlight. Wieril leafless trees twinod their dead dark arms against the silvery stars. Opossums' scrambled in tho tree tops. A solitary cuckoo over and again proclaimed liis own quaint 'name in rich, i'ull utteranc'o to all the hills. Cattle travelling watei'wards-passcd them in long, glimmering, ghostlike lines, as they journeyed on to refuge. Above them were the clear and ever glorious stars, one just before them,' red, like a living l-nby. And what within them ? Ah mo ! who shall say ? Hopes, fears, agonies, such as subtlo meta physicians would fail to define, and cunning scribes bo impotent to record. Without many words they reachod the foot of Mount .Delawarr, a volcanic, hill strewed thick with scoria. Up this tliey slowly clomb. It was steep and wretched travelling, tho scoria cutting sole leather with a disagreeable ease, only tolerable to a bootmaker.- At lust tlio summit wns reached ; a scarped summit pierced basin-like by the crater, which was now extinct, as touching fire and lava flood, but very living with fern and flower and emerald grass. As they descended tho steep sides of the crater, startled kangaroos hurried away from their dainty pastures, drumming with dull leaden sound as their tails struck tho .ground. Presently the moon sank, and doubtful dusk prevailed. Then Goorgo said, " I must go now. Dawn is very near, and you are safe from detection. Charlie take tho grub. Good-bye, Mrs. Muirliead, may your best hopes bo realised. Bo good knight anil leal, Charlie." Thus savin o-. ho turned to <ra. Blanche Muirliead seized his hand. "For- givo me, George, this license. Once on a time I might have been your brother's wife, but would not, for I did not care to link liis lot with mine. I lovod him far too well for that. You see I was very foolish then. However, will you let that ' might have been ' be now an exenso for what might otherwise seem a gross impertinence, or, at least, uncalled for words. This is all ; since my marriage I have learned n secret. This, that wb are not, our own. Will you promise me on your honour to read this little book daily for a little while, for my sake ; you will soon love to read it for its own. It will teach you whose you are." George took the littlo -book sho proffered, saying rather huskily, " I promise on my honour." " Good bye, then, George Fitzroy. Thanks, I do not, becauso I cannot, utter. God. keep you. Whatever may bo said, tbiuk well of me." Hurried spasmodic hand-grasps ; farewells lip-whispered but heart-spoken, and George was gone. Sadlj' he reached tho summit of tho mount ; standing there a moment before plunging down into the plains bolow ho felt the breathings of a breeze springing up from out of tho oast to rook tho loaves and wake tho birds and usher in tlio dawn. Fitzroy's homeward walk was meditative. Tho night had had so much of mystery and surprise. What- had happened he couldn't fathom. Many questions that ho would liked to have asked ho had refrained from putting. Future correspondence with Mrs. Muirliead seemed impossible. Like ships at sea tliey had met, exchanged courtesies, and parted. As far as exchange went, tlio ono bad got counsel, help, groceries, anil so on ; tho other sympathy, gratitude, and a New Testa ment, for such tho dawn proved the littlo book to bo. Not long afrer sunrise, lie reached his hut. tho utter wretchedness of -which now struck him with such hideous intensity as sur prised him. What, little it had ever Had for 1 1 i in. of pleasantness or comfort was gone for over. The bright glare of tlio sun was offen sive to him. Tlio warbling of tlio wrangling magpies maddened him. Ho wanted silonco and darkness ; and there was the sun out- dazzling itsolf, and hero a merry mob of dnws at high jinks near liis threshold. Taking down tho hurdles, lie first thought of heading his flock towards Mount Delawarr, but on consideration he changed his miiul. " I'll let 'om feed about the plaeo as usual. It will bo best -to bo somewhere about." This resolution cost an effort. It was a little sacrifice of self ; and so valuable as such things are. That day of shepherding wns a very weary time ; the tree shadows dwindling so imperceptibly to noon, and lengthening so slowly to the sun- setting. It seemed ten "cycles of Cathay." George read fitfully in his gift-book, thinking much of the giver, comprehending littlo of the words road ; thougli tliey recalled boyhood and far back days when flaxen- headed ho stood beside a mother's knee, spelling stories about Him who wont about doing good be neath tlio Syrian sun. The night came at last, and George's soli- tudo remained unbroken. Tho selfsame day passed heavily enough with the fugitives. Tliey kept themselves screened from possible espial botween two gigantic masses of scoria, which leaning against ono another formed a kind of metafile gunyali. Their carpet was fern. Lizards basked in the sun around lliem and seonied to listen to their conversation with eager inqnisitiveness. Lizards are very fair types of Curiosity, with their heads strain ed to listen anil their silonco which is so motionless as to appear spell-bound. " Where did you first meet-," asked Charlie. They were talking about her marriage. " At Raw-don's. He liked my beauty 1' suppose. True, men liavo told me that I really owned such a thing. Don't think me vain to speak thus, for who is vain of a great gift thrown away! Oh 1 Charlie, I might once have, been so liappy. I know you urged it — our marriage. You know what I mean. Poor Xim 1 how he did press it. But I couldn't, Charlio, I couldn't. I knew the race lie canie of ; and I was worse than base horn, for I had, you know, basely lived. And was it for one like me witfi a Roiled fame, soiled ere. ever I met with liini, to bring disgrace and ruin on the only oue thing I ever cared for. After he left for India and until he died I lived as became a wife, very true to hint. But the news one fatal morning from Delhi quite widowed nie, although I wore no weeds. It grew very dark then. My life's sunshine seemed all passed away for over, I re solved never, never to resume that life whence ho had raised me to his friendship, and so I camo out hove. My love for music stood me in good stead and got me a home at the Raw don's, where I was tolerably happy. There I met him. He seemed to love me, and I not reading his character aright, and anxious to got an inch-pendent and l-pspeetahlo position, consented to marriage, thinking honestly, God knows, that it was possible to make him happy by respect and attention, even if not with love. But my bubble soon burst, didn't it 1" " Bubbles do burst, somehow. Mine always do. But now let's leavo tlio past for a bit please, and attempt to study the aspects of the future in a practical manner. What do you mean to do ? Havo you any plan of any kind ?" " My plan is very simple : to reach, via Melbourne, England, and there to take tlio veil in some penitential order, comprehends it all. Luckily I had three hundred pouuds of my own by mo when the blow fell." " Did ho strike jam then ?" asked Halli day. misunderstanding the' uttered words. "I didn't mean that literally then ; though even that has happened. But, friend, I will tell you more, for it is lint jnst that you should know. Ho insured my|life directly after out marriage for six thousand pounds, and if it had not been for his brutal drunkenness, I should now bo waiting burial, poisoned to death as reinorsoly as poor George would destroy a wild dog. Mitchell, the superintendent, has some hand in this business, though how mueli I do not know ; but fortunately I have escaped lliem both as jail." The "as j-et" fell very forlornly from tho speakor's lips, which scorned dry and parched, and most unliko the ruby tidiness which Charlio had onco gazed on. However, he did his best to hearten and console, and explained how thero was almost a certainty of tho coach being empty from Woollagoonda to Deniliquin, where it arrived at dark. - "So," he said, "jam needn't worry about recognition. From Deniliquin j-our appear- anco won't attract tho least attention, that is, if you keep \\-our veil down." Mrs. Muirliead smiled faint.lj-, remarking, "I am not at Dover now, Mr. Halliday." "Nor am I, but I speak fact, not compli- mont. I only wish that it were possible that I could escort jrou right on to Melbourne ; but it isn't." " Isn't it, -why ?" _ Charlie's face foil. " Well, Mrs. Muirliead, listen. I am now, as you have of course realised by this time, a poor, God- forsaken wretch, a confirmed outcast. Now there's not a township from Deniliquin to Melbourne but whero I havo carried ruin by organ grinding. Not that I havo ever actually ground an actnal organ, Swiss-boy and monkey fashion ; but that t have debased my beloved art to bo a devil's weight to sink myself with is certain. That's why." And Mrs. Muirliead had gained enough colonial experience to comprehend the why.. " Oh, Halliday," sho cried, " bo a man. Do . you remoinber how wo three, Xim, j'ou, and ' I, used to hold what wo called Tennyson | nights in the old time. How he, whom we j both so lovod, used to read and interpret while , jam translated the sense into sound, I listening j the whilo and hoping that morning would mter come. Yes, jam remember all, I know. WjH have jam forgotten this : " 0 living will tliat shalt endure, When all that seems shall suffer shock, llise in the spiritual rock, Flow through our deeds and make thom pure: That wo may life from out of dust, A voice as unto liini that hears, A crj- uliove the. conquered yours, To one th :t with us works, and trust With Faith that comes of solf-conirnl, i Tho Truths that never can be proved." | "Well, those words," continued Mrs. Muir- j lioad, " none of us three, then, as I tako it, j did ever quite rightly interpret. Wo liked ; tlio rhythm and the sound glorj", but never j caught tlio grand true sense. I think though i that I have got the clue now. That oliio is sitnply to crj' to one that hears for help to bring our wills into subjection. Did jam over so crv ?" No answer. Charlie got up and went to . make some tea in a sheltered nook whero smoke escape was next to i.. visible. After lunch at noonday, tho day dragged on heavily to dusk. Mrs. Muirhead's evident desire to speak about tho one remedy for will- weakness not being seemingly appreciated bj- her companion, who insisted on acting as if on- outpost duty most of the time.. When evening, came, tliey started ; ascending the crater just in time to catch a glimpse of tlio sun's last thin segment of lustrous living white, as it dipped behind tho purple hilltops. Before tho road was gained, darkness had set in. Sixteen miles of walking, undiversified by alarrn or accidental troublo brought them to tho Devil's Creek, a deep stream flowing, or rather leaping, wriggling, rushing, clashing 1 through steep, trco-crowncd rocks. Thej- I crossed tho liridgo, and then turning to tho left followed the creek down with considerable difficulty and labour until they discovered a satisfactory resting spot. Then they haltod, and in ado up thoir minds for another day of hoat, and weariness, and anxiety, and tliej- werc not disappointed. An hour or so boforo tho sunset, Mrs. Muirliead broke a long silence, thus : — Wo shall soon part, Charlie, most likely for ever. Do trjr and think over what jam see I should like to sny. Don't shirk the question. Try and settle. Try to forget the past. Think of your glorious talent. Use it, my dear friend, for better things. Do, like a good fellow. You will excuse poor Magdalen's sermon ? Will you ? " "Oh! Blanche Muirliead, it is loo late. I am iu tho grasp of tho hell-fiend. It is too late. Magdalen, it is too late." " Never think that. Once, I thought so too ; and I was deeper in tho mud than over jam can he. And yet, now, oven in my present trouble the future is not ominous of vague and inconceivable woe, as it used to bo. Your hell-fiend is strong, but there is one stronger. Do you know ought of him ? Charlio ?" " Look here. Mrs. Muirliead, you're very kind in your intentions, but please don't worry me on a point which is to mo a very sore ono. Let's change the subject." Blanche sighed, and then saul, " and now what do you intend to do next- ? " " After seeing j-ou off, go back to George and report progross." " Mny I insult you, Charlie ? " asked Mrs. Muirliead, after a pause spent in consideration of the difficulties surrounding a money offer. " No, you may not. I guess what j-ou mean ; but don't think of it for a moment. Will you write to us when jam are quite safe ? " " I will. But bow about tlio address ? " Oh ! Write to George at the General Post-office, Sydnoj' -.that will be bost." Again at sunset, they broke up camp and marched along their way. No ono overtook them ; no one met thom. Onco, indeed, off the road they noticed the brightfliekeringtonguesof some traveller's fire, but they passed unnoticed. At about tlireo iu the morning, tliey wero on the outskirts of Woollogoonda, a fact that divers cocks insisted on proclaiming in most shrill and lively fashion. A dim light was next seen. It was the lamp opposite tlio Dunrobin Castlo, Woollagoonua's chief though not by any means only bostolry. Presently another light moved across the road. "Tliey tiro getting tho horses ready," said Charlie, "I'll go and book j-our passage, shall I ? " "Please. Here's my purse." Halliday took it and went into the town ship, leaving Mrs. Muirlioad bonoath tlio shelter of somo saplings. Ho soon returned. " Hero jou are," he cried, "j-our namo is Miller, mind, now. May T keep this ? " The empty purse was all he asked for, an icsthetie production of tho portinonnaio order of port able treasuries. "Certainly. And nothing else ? Remem ber, Charlie we aro old friends and Fitzroj' is his brother. Nothing olso ?" "Nothing, Blancho Muirliead, save this, that you sometimes think of us, and — and remem ber ns at those times when j'ou cry aloft to Ono that hears. Will jrou ? Good-bye, j'ou must bo quick." " May God bless -yon, jelear Mr. Halliday. Think over what I lfavc said and what I did not say. I will write and let j-ou know liow j-our old pupil gets on. Good-bye." Two. minutes afterwards Mrs. Mail-head was on the Southern road, borne joltinglj and 'uncomfortably towards Melbourne, at tlio 1-a.to of somo ten miles an hour ; and Halliday was leaning against a dead tree with her purse in his hands. ( To he continual.) 