LOST AT THE GOLD FIELDS. j 9 "D'VB mind the big maw-storm of sixty-three ? Eli, but yon was an awful Bair time. I was born. in it myself, and got near smoored, forbye losin' ane o' my toes, nipped withe frost, Many and many a wild storm line I seen at home afore I left bonny Scotland ; but I never saw anything so fearful' bad as you." A tall, well-built man was Sandy Macfarlane, the speaker. As he stood in the sunlight, leaning on a long-handled shovel, his muscular arms stripped to the shoulders, his well developed throat bored to the breeze, and his bronzed features set in a shaggy framework of bright-coloured hair, he looked a very model of human strength. It must have been a fearful storm indeed to which a frame so powerful had been compelled to succumb. I will tell the story nearly in his own words, only slightly toning down the rich Doric remini- scent of far-away heathery brain which it was told to me. "He see," he continued, " I had been workin for a spell in Conroy's, on a bit claim there, when trains came' tice in about on' a grand " rush to a fine new gully' somewhere out over the "Auld Man " Ranges. I had done grey steel in Conroy's, though I I wadna has tells ye see if ye had forgathered wi' me at the time I but there's no sale muckle harm in speaking' of the noo. Five pounds and nine ounces-that's sixty-nine ounces in a', ye ken-was each man's share; and a' brew nuggetty gowd none of' your southerly stuff, sic as the lads wash oot o' the sands on' the Molyneux, though I'm no denying' It's very gude good to get when there's plenty of. " w e had wrought out our claim, and had just done ' washing-up,' when the news got about At first, I gave etna heed till it, but when Saturday came' round, I thought I d just gone down to the township to pit in gowd into the bank, and maybe have a crack in a few cronies As I was wantin' a few cases, I stopped until a store-ye mind it week it was kept by an auld Israelite that call himself the ' wonder of the War , " and who should be there buy in' bran new blankets and rugs, and a hantle many things, but we live Cranston ' 1 kent Willie fine, for we can not thegither in the Cheviot Sae I sneered at him, was he bringing' home his lassie, that he wanted sit a heap o' furnishing- And he up and told me that he had been over to Campbell's (us they ca of the row bush), and was mates and' three other lots in a claim and how it was as cold as the tap o Benvoirltch there Willie, had been in warehouse at home, say he was sent down to the township to buy blankets and such-like, as he kept mair about these matters than any of the others and may start we didna part without paying' our respects to the Kirkliston, though it's but ama' bree that comes out in bottles fine but still, and no to be compared to the grand auld Glenlivet And Willie and mc see an account of the place he was workman that I went back to my mates, even red wild to be all of ance, but they wadna hear tell of 't, for, as the) said (end it was nee muir than truth there was plenty of grim' lett in Conroy's jet, and maybe as gude as any in Campbell s and they thought mc. duff to leave it, as we had done and week But last at a feast, and last at a fray,' was nje my way., , see vie just painters, no m anger, but gude friend., and I joined a party who were setting out for the rain Two of them were found hardly fallows , but the father and his wee bit Encrlnh laddies kind o' hallins cal lant-ca d lam Page He was a sons a lad, or' a trifle of book fear, and made the way lightsome was his queer stones and cheerful' havera I mind his ten that when he was at school he was cast the page that never turned over a fresh leaf I took a great him' to the chief, for he was strong, and often when we were speeding up the sides of the ranges, I used to lighten him on' a Dart of his 'swag' Not that he ever complained, for he aye set up a stout heart to a steep brae, and tried to keep up with love but I could see it was. lower muckle for him And he, the weary work we had afore we got to the tap of the Auld Min' Pntr him was right down dusted, but for a' that his been fairly granted in' pleasure, as he lost his swag fa' to the grey', and looking round at the prospect Week it was a bonny sight, nee doubt, withe Dunstan Plains and the Teviot far below us, and the terms shewn like were specks in the distance, and the Mohneujs. wimple' along like a silver thread in the bottom and the Leaning' Rock, and the Nobbys and the Limimerlnw- and many other mountains that I did as ken the name o' standing' boldly out in the waning' sunlight But I think I cared mair just then for a gude scene, or a cog o' parritch, wi' a pannikin of tea, and maybe a drop whisky to end war', than for any prospect in the world ' We camped cot the first night in a neck of the mountain, and many a fire for ye ours glimmered on the face of the brae for by this time the teams had spread through the diggins", and folk were making their way to the rush frame a' pairs Next day we got up early, and were the first to reach Campbell's See, as we had the pick of the grim', wi' Willie Cranston's advice, we same marks a claim, and a gude claim it turned out Ane o' my mates, who. had been in Victoria, said it minded him of' the claims he had worked in at auld Golden Point and Eaglehawk Nae doubt, as ye are safe weel acquent wi' Victoria, je 11 ken what that may mean so I needn't say any man But I tell ye the wash dirt was a brave sight for said been We wrought there easy for a time , but as the water creeps on, the water would while get frozen up, so that we could only work for a few hours in the day, and after no at a'. And when August came', the burn wad stop remain' for days the gather Then a little snow began to fa'. At first it wad melt away , but after a while the grass got that hard that ye couldn't put a pick intil't And the snow didna meet them , but it got deeper and deeper, till it covered up as the claims, and lay upon the grim' save hard and firm that ye could step out without breaking' the crust " Still, we didna care to leave the gully for a body said the snow w ad sure be game, and the claim was far too gude to lose Sae we stopt on, and amused oursels as week's we could in our huts, whim awa the time viz' cords, and sic like, or, as Tam said, leavin' our cards on our friends Tarn's cheery ways helped us along fine for he had eye a blithe sang, or a jest or a rantin' story to give us at a pinch But the cauld continued, and the snow came down main and main And the not" store of provisions in the gully began to dwindle, for use packers cam' through till us, and folk began to think of getting away afore worse came t First they flitted, one or two at a time, then mair went, and at last they Magdaff by diggers, and a things got into dreary wins then in Campbell's there was plenty of' timber in the gullies, and we had bagged a warm hut, but we couldn't live on fire alone, and there seemed nee certain prospect of' a main seasonable meal if we stop any longer Sae one month' of ft n probes free the store, and lock-up the hut (for we meant to go back when the weather broke and shouldered our swags, we' a number of others a' bound for the Dunstan. There were twenty seven ous a' could and it seemed as if anything' could hinder us, for if and fell, they could help him on. But we had sided too long for sic a journey, and we had a worrying', one doubt, if we had but taken it. I mind well as we took a parting' cup was our friend the storekeeper-auld Alick Durniuwin', as we call him, because he had a smiddy next the store-he said to Tam Page (and I have often and often thought don't, for tabling he was told what was to happen, : " Tammy, my lad. ye'd best stop in my auld smiddy, for its a could bed ye'se have the night on yon range." Tamleugh as his way west, and simply answered that he'd rather lie in a cauld bed than a hat and, she sang as he didna lie his face. And we' that we started for up the lang brae. " The cold white snow covered the hall mountain is' a braid white sheet, vera train' to the east, and sac thick ye couldn't tell the gullies face the hill- locks, and no a glimpse of the blue sky could we discern a but cover them a dour heavy cloud was hanging', and the air was such and piercing'. Still there was no down-pour, and we a' expects to make' the low ground' on the hither side afore night-fa'. But it was no to be. Afore we were weel half-way to the top of the range, the snow began to fa' in and' feathery flakes, and as it did see the day seemed to darken. Tam said it was the last kick ; but I misdoubted that, for I hadn't been here' nigh eighteen years at home for nothing'. However, we gned en and on, aye hoping' it would aune clear up. But the snow fell thicker, and the wind rose and blew it in our fates till we were against blia' and fairly dazed with. Nacthin' could we now see but snow above and around. The Government folk had put up cairns and guide posts at' the way, for some who kept the Cintra foreboded what was comin' ; but the devil a cairn or anything else but the snow could we see. Some of the lads had travelled the track over and over again, and as they seemed to keep the road toe week, we gave them the lead. But they aune gat bewildered like the love, and by the time we won the crown of the range, they kept nee moir where we were than the rest ous. " We had brought some sticks to' us, to make a fire and boil our 'billies' wi' and about mid-day we cried a halt and got about- one of' the big rock, like broken-down pyramids, that are scattered all ever the mountain. But a' we could do, the wind in the saw pit at the lower and it wadna bleeze mair than enough to light our pipes we'. Sue we were fain to be content with' a drop whisky and a smoke, for ye a trifle o' could provender and then we had to kind of consultation. Some were for gain back to Campbell's, and others were for going' on to the Dunstan. Tam and myself took different sides. I had reck one the time and counted the cost; and we had been free seven till almost one struggling' see far, and it was still a long way down to the river ; and the storm was aye growing' fiercer and abuse o', we didna rightly ken our whereabouts, for we had fairly lost the track. But for a' that could be made out against it, some of the lads were downright headstrong to see on in the very teeth of the tempest, for they said it was a down-hill either way, and how could they gave wrap g if they keep it green' down, and it was as far to Campbell's as to the river side, in' many other arguments, are as wilfu' men use to their own destruction. The upshot of was, that we parted. Fourteen ous turned to gaze back to Campbell's, and Tata and two others paid their bonnets over their brows, and pushed on for the Dunstan j for Tam, the silly chap, wadna be guided by me. There were thirteen of them-a must unchancy number-and I did my best to keep the laddie by my side ; but he just snaps his thumb in my face I see I e'en let him gang his ain gate. " I almost think I wad has gone wi' Tam when I found him safe firm set to push on, for I wits Faith to leave him but he angered me. It's a' name special consequence the noo how it come' about ; but some- way Tam cast it up till me that I was a coward for turning' back.-' Tam,' said I there ne'er was a Macfarlane a coward yet, and I'm fair vexed we should have used the word. I'll no harm ye, Tam and 1 dinna wish to quarrel with' anybody,' said 1 for I saw the lads given' a' round ; ' but if any other man here was like just to say the same, I'll give him two-three powerful reasons for no cating Sandy Macfarlane a coward. ' * Wee!, they up swag and awa' wi' that misguided Taniwha but he at their held and a skirt' out an uncanny sang about John Brown's body more daring' in the grave ' And see, and by one, God help them ' they vanished oot o' right into the mist and the driven snow and the clatter of the sang deed away' till the sound came' faintly to us mingled with the sough of the wind, like a most gruesome and un car his wailing' And I turned back sick at heart, for something tells me I'd never see them again ' But indeed, we were in muckle better pigs oursels, for it was a fair load to the gully, and the snow drift had afforded our tracks, for ye fa mg see thick that we could see from the the end of the line to the tuber, us we tramping along in Indian file The first man had nye to tramp the snow down, joke, which was very tiresome work , safe when he was tired out he was seen by, a' blunt, and Diuthcr would take lead in turn there was nee rantin or dusting among us we were) in power muckle trouble for hut and we trudged on in solemn silence, only broken by the crush of the snow under our feet, or while by a crs o' ' Spell-oh ! ' when we were fain to rest oursels As near as I can tell we had gone on like this about three hours, or maybe less, when a train cry came from the team, and I ran back, to speer what was it was wrong and I found that one of the lads was crossing , nobody kept busy king for he was the hindmost and it seems he must just had dropped down in the snow without a word Well, I got them to stop, while two ous travelled back a quarter of a mile or mair to look for him But we couldn't see any trace of him and though we ' coo and wi a our strength there was no answer but just the man of the wind as it sweeps by We went back with the black times to our mates and a great fear fell upon us Naebodv soak for a were feared to say rhythm', but we looked mine further s faces, and the shadow of death seemed hosermower usa' then without a word so cast off our swags and hurried on, like as if we were deem' for life, U indeed we were Sure after it came to my turn to step out and take my place that I counted the lads as they slipped by, and oh ? my heart sank with him when I saw there were but eleven ous left oot o' the fourteen that started trace the hill top Gude forgive me if I did wrong, but I judged it best to say nothing' for as the gloaming' was comm on we could name side to search for the pair lost fellows, and I diana wish to fright the lave It was bad enough without that, sad I last kef put it to mv sel But presently she staggered and fell down in a kind of' dream in our midst, and a' we could die, we were able to rouse him and to carry him was no to be thought of', Then the lads got clean sand mad Willie Cranston who was with' us, and myself did what we could to keep them a' thegither, but we couldn't beggared alf, shelter shelter, any way, and she got scattered over the brat side like soared sheep Willie and I and two others keeping company for a time, but somehow in the dark and the drift we missed them both, and there was Willie and myself alone on the di ear v mountain "It was an awful' moment when we found it out There was one sign of the gully, and we were quite sure that we were on the down-track Willie gives a kind of' sob, and Sandie,' he said there's Ane febrile a', and it its His will that we leave our bones in the wreath, let us die like Crr stian men, and no like brute beasts ' "It was long since either ous had payed to Him -the main shame to us, for no mind' the gude teaching o' our forbears But we knelt down there in the snowy wilderness withe could wind rain' and howling' round us, and saving' the half frosted flakes in our cent and we prayer! for help and forgiveness in the hour of our extremity, as few men ever pray mair than and in the space of a lifetime "Then we thought o' our fathers, was little kept their Cairns were safe nair pit till that night, and I gave Willie a bit of my hair and made him give me some of his and we made a solemn compact and gripping hand upon 'it, that if one ous got back safe to the lean world he was to send it home as a memento of the other. ' And now, Willie, said I, " there's just a wee drop whisky left, sale we 11 make' an end o'er at ance, for if we dinna sune find the gully we'll never want whisky mair " It was once dark not see that when we lifted a foot we were a vera side where we should part down again But I think we both felt more comfortable, nndgaedonwi' a new courage. I'm no just saying' that our prayers were directly answered, but God was gude to us We hadn't gone above a few hundred yards when a light flickered out far down below us just as we turned the breast of the hill, and we kept fu' week that where that blue was there was life of some sort and she it proved for at when rolls' and Jettin oursels slip down so sure got till 't, and ' the feeling of thankfulness that came over us when we found we were at the very door of auld Buriuewm"a smiddy. We were the first goal came in, and when we tell what had happened the folk fired off guns to guide one of the others that might be wandering' about in the snow. And sunny and calm' and then another and a party that out in search wi' rights brought in three main. Bus that was as. Seven of us were saved, and seven were lost in the drift that night. " The storm had spent its fury afore morn and three days after some folk can' ever free the Dunstan, for news had gotten abroad that five hundred men were snowed in and starving' ' 7 Campbell's. A number of' the diggers volunteered for a relief party, and the storekeepers gied provisions and medicines and a' things needful' and they got horses and came' right through till 09. When they found the condition we were in they bided a while till the track was clear, and then took us in till the hospital for we were a' pair or less But form' free from bites, whereby, as I mentioned afore I lost one of my toes. But some were far worse than myself and ane e' the seven deed on the way, and another in the hospital ; site that only five were Spared oot o' the lot that tried to find their way back to Campbell's. " But no one of the thirteen that we parted wi' on the range had reached the plains alive. A Sew bodies were found fleeing along the wayside and. Rome no far from the shanty they ca' Chamouni, It was thought that they had tried to milk' to the shanty for shelter ยก but the people that keeps it had flitted the week before when the draw lift began to ft' and there being no right to guide them they were able to find it. When the snow was clean cane main bodies were picked up ; and they were a buried decently. I -ran aye speering' for Tam Page, but I could hear only thing about him, till one day they brought me Tarn's coat, that they tell me had been taken off his body. His *' Miner's Right," and some other things that I kept week were Tarn's were in the pouch and then I was Bair troubled in my mind' that I had taken a hutT at his silly words, and had forced him to come back wi' me that day. " I got over to Campbell's again as sure as I was weak enough to walk I and our claim and our bit hut were nye as I left them. Willie had lost two of his mates in the storm, and I had lost a' mine ; see we put the claims thegither and wrought them as ane. I had the hut a' to myself, and while. I felt once lonesome, and then I wad gas down to auld Burnie wins for a cruise crack wi' folk. Week, one night when I was there, Geordie TaniBon, who wrought higher up the gully, came' bursting' in on' a face like a dishcloth and-' Sandie, man, said he div ye no believe anglaise' " I didna' weel ken what to make of the question ; see I speered : What for aye, and what for no ?' " " Weel,' he says, " I'm no thinking ye hae done anything' wrong by Tam Page ; but I'm feared he cannot rest, for he's been walking' in the gully. And I saw his gbaiBt, as I was coming' down this very night, as sure 'as ye're sittin' there.' " We a laugh at Geordie, and told him he had. been scared at his own shadow ; but he wadna hasn't. A' we could say, he sticks till he had seen the ghost of Tam Page beside the auld claim, and keek'm' down in till. But the lads sale Bair daffen him that he said nee mair, but sat silent and grumpy in a corner. Sae, when I got up to gaol home, I said tell him, Come away' me, Geordie", and we'll have a decline doors at the hut.' "Geordie came' away', and she did Willie and any or two fair, and up wo a' gaol till the auld hut. I was a bit dumbfoundered to see a light shining' through the chinks of the door ; but I thought maybe the lodge had been fed up. But Geordie stopped us as we came near : 'Wisht! wishing says he. 'Whatnots you And, as true as death, I heard a faint crooning of' the sang about ' John Brown's body, just as I heard it when I last saw Tam on the big range " It darted through me like a strong, and my heart leaped to my mouth, Bidding the lads stand' fast, I creeps up safely, and keek't through a chink, and there was a figure of a man sitting' by the him and seeming' to warm its hands over the town. At first its back was to the door, see that I diana see its face; but after a while it had looked round, and I saw it was the very likeness of Tam Page I but see pale and winsome wasn't that I was fair dumb wi' fright. '? I signed to Willie and the love to come up, and they a' saw't. Some of' them were minded to flee away' ',, but Willie said 'It's no a ghost ava' is but just Tam himself.' And so' that he opened the door and the ghost parapet up and put his hoof in my arm and then I kept that TamlPage after a wasn't dead but actually living in the flesh. " It turned outthatsune after the unlucky thirteen got away' -rue us, they began to misdoubt they were on the right track, and some gated this way and some another, and Tam got parted from them a'. When he found himself gain' his lane he thought on what he had often heard about keeping' to a gully or a burn and five following it down, when no sure of' the truth. It's the only safe course in such matters, and Tam owed his very life tilled, under Providence. He wandered about a that night, but MR senses never deserted him, and his steps were guided me doubt create a spot where, by rigging' up a blanket, he was able to get shelter under the lee of an overhanging' rock. I have seen the place since, and there's no another the like o't on the hail! mountain side. But he claimed he gave to sleep, for he was fears he might never wauken mare; and when he felt drowsy, he walked about, to rouse himself. Neist morn he was away' with daylight; but though he could see the river before him he was safe weary for want of' . rest that he couldn't see far, and at last was fain to lie down in despair. But afore the sleep of' death itself" came owed him two men passed by on their way in fame the Tomahawk, and Tain had just enough strength to coo-ee' to them. Well, they heard his cry and went back, and one of them took him on his back, and see they carried him by turns to their tent on the Molyneux. And as surely the weather cleared up they suit him on, wi' some friendly packers to the hospital at Tuapeka ; but we kept method' of 't at the Dunstan. Tam had been soir bitten with frost, but he says had a gude sound constitution which helps him to hurdle over the danger without any loss of his limbs and when he was set up ance made, his first thought was to get back to Campbell's and seek for his mates in the<euld place. " I forgot to mention that afore he was fair parted from his company, he changed coats while others (as so often done among mates), which accounted for his class being found on the poor creature who deed in the wreath. ' O Tam, Tam,' said I, when he had said as a, ' I'm wise for you and for a ye hae gone through ; but what for did ye came a coward you time?' For, ye see, I could get it out of my mind'. And he length in his auld wild way, and said it was just some trash that came' into his head, oot o' one of the rankin plays that a keen cold John Falstaff, ance saidtobonuy Prince Hal. And so' that he gripped my han' wi' his pair wasted fingers and said he didna intend to vex me. " And, Sandie,' says he, is dinna bear malice for a thoughtless word, for I have paid dearly for 'a? Sae, I even took the laddie to my heart again, and are being painted since syne. " It's a' by and gone now, but often I see through it a' lower again in my dreams and then I start up in a cold sweat thinkin' I'msinkin' down-down in the snowdrift. And when I wake I seem to hear that wearisome sang o' John Brown's body' in silks blast that whistles round our hut." Chamba. THE SENSE OF PAIN The sense of pain in the mouth guards the throat in the stomach it affords a warning against improper food and in fact, every part of the body is susceptible of pain, wherever that sense is necessary to indicate disease or injury ; but the heart, the brain, and the lungs, although that most vital organs, are protected from injury by jars sensibility of the exterior parts of the body; a high sense of pain in them is unnecessary, and they are almost insensible to it. The heart beats upwards of 4000 times in on hour and if the pain from a diseased heart were very acute, it would indeed be said for the sufferer; but the pain from a disease of that organ is seldom more than an uneasy sensation, and this more especially after violent exer- tion, being a check to unnecessary action, and BO fat useful. Sudden death often occurs from disease of the heart-not from the heart being suddenly diseased, but from the disease causing very little pain and being therefore unknown. The brain, although the source of sensation, is itself insensible to pain; in lurgical operations portions of the brain have been removed without the patient exhibiting any Sig? "J Spain. The lungs are highly susceptible of impious in the air and thus we are guarded against the }*' halation of injurious cases; their sensibility as? inflammation indicates the danger, and compels the necessary care ; but they are almost insensible to pass from mutilation or decay; in such cases the seats would be useless, and an affliction. The lungs had been cut without causing pain, and during their decay in consumption the pain is very little * Physician. . A smart inventor at Milwaukee has made a ewes which consists only of glass and a baSS wood stick. Of course there is no humbug about it. " " I never complained of my condition but once said an old man, " when my feet were bare and saw no shoes ; but I met a man without feet, and been"" contented," 