THE Column. The Kiama Mystery Explained. IN SIX CANTOS. No. 4. MYER-ABILE DICTU. (Continued.) Finding himself slighted--touched in his very tenderest part--his pocket, Mr Meyer, cum Myer, cum Holmer, cum Miller, cum multis aliis set the wires to work, and kept up a running fire at the Vizier and the . Chief of the Sbirri, neither of whom seemed to care about having anything more to do with the Poncho Fakir , "Clarkson" was studiously silent, and when the wants of Mr Meyer were attended to, he received but half the gold he considered necessary to carry him to Bathurst, in search of "Will of the West," and Mr D. Nor purple nor linen was supplied him, greasier and more dirty grew day by day his long worn gaberdine; until at last he began to think that if he ever did arrive at Bathurst, he would not be a welcome guest at the Club House Caravanserai of Phillips. Neither was the Fakir allowed to attach himself to the forces of the Sbirri; but this has never been satisfactorily explained. In all the replies to his demands for money no mention is found of his suggestion to bw put on "the strength," so that we are left quite in the dark as to how that suggestion was received at "head quarters." This must always be considered a pity, it is in fact an omission we shall have to deplore in perpetuity; and the more so, as we have lately been put in possession of . the fact that when this Poncho Fakir was sent on his hanging expedition, both the Vizier and the Chief of the Sbirri had satisfied themselves of the fact that he-- the Poncho Fakir of many names--was "an infernal scoundrel." Thus it is satisfactorily accounted for why he was not led into temptation, and allowed to indulge his propensities, by faking the Vizier's uniform and other rich things to be found in the neighbourhood of South Creek, and it would have been as well if the same in- . formation had been vouchsafed us on the subject of his attempt to join the Sbirri. Most probable is it that the Vizier and the Sbirri Chief were afraid the Fakir might try his hanging dodges on some of his officers, instead . of confining his politeful attentions to Members of Parliament; and of course it wasn't to be thought of that he should attempt to develope a Fenian conspiracy in the ranks of the Sbirri. Pity it is that this very interesting portion of the mysteries must for ever re- main, with the Iost tribes and the art of staining glass, among the undiscovered curiosities of the past--Yet, so it must be. We believe the Fakir never reached Bathurst, and so far as this deponent is aware, he has not been heard of since he was informed that his pro- ceedings had so far been unsatisfactory; and was accommodated with three pounds sterling to enable him to travel to Sydney (this I had in confidence from Parkes the other day) and return to his former position in the Lazzaretto of Darlinghurst. I have made careful re- search into these matters, but so far without any results. Parkes has made me a promise to have a lot more affidavits made, setting forth all these things; but he hasn't quite made up his mind whether they shall be public or private documents; and so far he hasn't been able to find the right sort of cove to do the "behind the door" business when the affidavits are being sworn. By the bye, I dare say you are curious to know how it came to pass that that wicked Vizier made the marvellous dis- covery that the Fakir was "an infernal scoundrel." It is shrewdly suspected that there was always some skilled witness taking notes behind the door, and so they cooked the goose of the faithful Myers. The finale was a sort of mutual affair. A regular case of faults on both sides. Myers had discovered that the Vizier was a long way removed from "The Man for Galway," and the Vizier on his side was fain to confess what any body else could have told him long before, that "The Vile Dog of a Poncho Fakir" had done him brown. When a mighty intellect like Parkes's is so completely set at nought, and every Poncho Fakir pokes borak at it, confidence is shaken; our belief in the might of the intellect and the greatness of its possessor grows small by degrees and beautifully less, and, however unwilling wr may be to let such an unholy thought take possession of us, we are forced to the acknowledgment that Parkes the whilom idol of the Australian Empire isn't such a very clever fellow, after all. We say what a blessing it is that he isn't any longer Vizier. When it was dis- covered beyond a doubt that the Poncho Fakir had "hooked it," the consternation in the private sanctum of the Vizier was something to remember, I can tell you. The great man sat gloomily thinking of the last ghost story, and not even the P. U. S, dared approach un- bidden, for the Vizier thought that with the experience of forty years to guide him, this P. U. S. ought to have been able to see as far through a brick wall as any one else. The Vizier was a fool. He would persist in being : a fool; and he wouldn't let anyone prevent him making himself a fool. Wasn't it a miserable plight for a man to be in. Fooled by the Poncho Fakir in whom he had placed such implicit confidence, though he know him to . be an infernal scoundrel; fooled by the Benedictine whose splendid testimonials from Victoria now turn out to end in moonshine and the statement "thae he was not to be trusted"; and fooled by Professor Mac, of whom history telleth no good thing; one can hardly imagine anything in the shape of a statesman bringing himself into a more humiliating position. Reluctantly am I compelled to say I consider it was a great day when the late Vizier became the late one. He very nearly got the country into packs and packs of troubles. Why I'll be shot if I dont think he would have hanged a dozen good men and true on the evidence of one infernal scoundrel, and a fellow who was sent to him with the warning that he was not to be trusted. Nought but his parsimony saved the colony from this stain. Had he supplied the Benedictine and the Poncho Fakir more liberally with the root of all evil, I've no sort of hesitation in saying that at least a dozen men would have been hanged, to avenge the death of that mythical individual who was foully murdered, whose ghost still haunts Kiama, but whose corpus has never yet come under the notice of "The Crowner." Isn't it frightful to contemplate? You see however, so far as I have gone with the explanation of these mysteries, that we have been saved by the parsimony of the Vizier whose friend was the Fakir of many names. The inquisitorial proceedings of the Kiama Ghost Seer will always stand to his credit. Why, even in my time, we never did worse things; and I should strongly advise Mr P. if ever he is again in the proud position of Vizier, and wants to do the D. business in proper style, to give up his crude way of going about it; make up his mind that he knows nothing of such things; and, instead of phlooter pooching about the cells of the Lazzaretto, be- fooled by every infernal scoundrel he can find, take a hint or two on the subject from FOUCHE. By way of a post scriptum, allow me to remark confi- dentially, that my summing up commences next week, when your readers shall have the satisfaction of thoroughly examining "Ye Ghost," and making their minds easy about all things connected with "Ye New Crime." F. 