'ffialtoa f/iws. WALLAROO: SATURDAY, AUGUST 14. : : THE plan this year adopted of placing in the hands of hon. members at the begin ning of the session a report of the public expenditure in excess of votes during the: past financial year, is an improvement; upon the practise that formerly obtained when the excessive expenditureof the year proceeding the commencement of the ses sion was not brought forward till the ses sion was about to cloise, and hon.-menib6rs, knowing that theprorogatipn wis at hand,' that supplies were voted and the ordinary business finished > v jclosdty- the over drsffia: of this alteration in the method of pfrocee^ f dure; during the present year we h ave had ~ two Parliamentary^ ieturaffl;;of^f cesses, the return for 1867 and that for 1868\. But even this reform is incomplete; / "What is required is the return wbich>OT I be furnished on the motion of Mr FDILI® ' containing the items of expenditure tin excess .of votes during the past half year. . The Teasons. to be adduced in support of | this'' motion are many and obviotas. If "* Parliament is to meet in July, the finan cial year should expire on the 30th of Jutie instead of the 31st-of December, " by which means a ministry accepting office soon after the opening of Parlia ment would be responsible for little mora thanits own blunders. Judgingfromprece dent we should say these would be found quite sufficient. But the practise has been, for each Ministry to be only responsible for the idle muddling away of money, the extravagance, and the waste of the pro ceeding one. This system seems to have acted as a sort of premium on bad management. The ministers of the day being not answerable for their own sins, but merely for those committed by former tenants of their offices, knowing that their successors would have to encounter the mischief occasioned by their short comings, and being withal greedy of office, found it to be their interest, to leave .to thosecoming after them, an inheritonce as embarrassed as it very well could be. This shifting, responsibility was pecu liarly suited to shifty politicians. As shifting was the order of the day the politician who could shift most deftly, most wearily, after the most plausible and cunning fashicn, secured the maximum amount of the Treasury loaves and fishes. But the . adoption of Mr IVIILER'S scheme Would finake responsibility much - more, direct. Through it we shall get three financial returns of one description dur ing the twelve months. The report of the excesses of 1867 was laid on the table at the close of last session. The " grand " total as the Auditor-G- eneral was pleased to term the amount of that return was £147,926 Os 8d. To fully appreciate the force of these figures it must be remem bered that, out of the total revenue of the province, say £800,000, at least £450,000 must be deducted, as received from railway earnings, telegraph and post-office ditto, rents and land sales. This would leave £350,000 to be raised by ordinary taxation. The Ministry of the day committed the country to an ex cessive expenditure of nearly 50 per cent on its ordinary revenue, and this, too, at a time when a cry was every where heard for economy and retrenchment, in which ciy no one joined more lustily and loudly than did the then ministers of the Crown. Amidst a storm of virtuous indignation the transgression was condoned because there were no transgressors to be impeached, and the money was voted; the Attorney-General cynically remark ing that his ministry was notkresponsible, and that year after year whilst this farce* . oa responsible governmentwas being played, his was the only VOICB that had beeh lifted up in c^^mna^iQ^f it. In thfeir guilelessness and simp]icity of heart hon. members doubtless hoped that the ghost of excessive expenditure was then"* laid, and that no more would be heard, of it for a time. Alas for the vanity of human expectations. The session of 1869 had hardly commenced when the Attorney-General placed on the table of 4 the House, a statement that does not appear to have: been called for by the House, pf the excesses on votes expended, during 1868. The *' grand" total of this amounts t6£110,519 9s 5d. " As the STEANGWATS Ministry only assumed office in Nov. its members are not re sponsible for more'thana very small, por tion of this sum. During the two months of the year they were in power the most they could do was to complete the works, and finish the outlay, commenced by their predecessors, at as early a date, as possible. Truly the sins of one genera tion of ministers are visited upon the third and fourth generation of ministers coming after them. It is perfectly true, as Mrs STOWE put it into the mouth of her heroine, that "when the money is once spent all the book keeping in the world will not get it back again." All the audit regulations in the world cannot bring us back the quarter of a minion of money alluded to in these1 two returns, but now that an amendment of the Constitution Act is on the tapis, a clause might be introduced into it, if some member would but be patriotic enough to make the attempt, making ministers responsible in something more than name. We don't know upon whom this money was frittered away; we don't know into whose pockets a goodly por tion of it ultimately filtered; but we do know that there was an abuse of trust, a culpable indifference to the national welfare, a scandalous disburse ment of the public money, and that the ATEBS Ministry was in power whilst all this was taking place. And yet these very ministers are anxious to creep back into power ar d place! If the practice of such public stewards were to be followed by private ones, these latter would either be caged or be at Callao in a very short space of time. Instead of intrigu ing to occupy their old positions, they would be only too glad to be allowed to remain in obscurity. If it be admitted that this quarter of a million of money has been necessarily eSpS&de;^oti proper "objects, Wo thfcrS damnatory evidence against the fitness of the expenders. to be entrusted with re sponsible situations need be wanted. If the Estimates for the expenditure of the year, passed by the Cabinet, were from 26100,000 to £150,000 wrong year after year, and this in a time when it was admitted the greatest caution was neces sary, we are at a loss to perceive how such foolish, if not unfaithful stewards, can be considered worthy of trust. But, we opine, no impartial person could read through these long lists of excesses, without feeling .that the > waste and extravagance had been too wilful not to be culpable. The contract price of the Mount (rambler Hospital, as amended, was £10,580. Iii 1867 this building had £3,699 4s 3d expended upon it above the amount voted. In 1868 it had £4,085 16s lid expended upon it above the amount voted. What more there was expended in 1869 we hare yet to learn. If we admit that this money was required, can anyone argue that the administration of finance was satisfactory P Again, during 1868 nearly £16,000 were spent in the South and South-Eastern districts, ' over and above the amount Voted, in repairing roads, buildings, and onthe drainage' works. Canthisbe deemed satisfactory ? Further, the contract pride .for the new Government Printing Office, partially" rendered necessary by the lunatic policy of Mr JohnCABS, M.P., was £4,610, is6 which an additional sum for alterations mu&fc; be added of £153 lis 4d. In 1867 there was expended on this building, theinks to Mr CAEE, over jaiid above the proper sum voted, £1,876 lis 4<L In 1868, more thanks to Mr'CAjj^B,the same building stands credited with an excess of £1,159 18s Id. But, we have said enough, without dealing in'more figures, to shew thata radical alteration is impe. atively -required. We do not say that this quarter ©fa million of money was expendes so as to fructify to the personal advantage of the expenders ; but, we must point out that there was once a'time when large sums of money were annually expended* really, though not nominally, in purchas ing votes. This may not be the case now, but that the system is open to abuse no one can cleny. Exigencies arise that Ministers must take the responsibility of ! meeting. Let these be as few as pos sible ; let an account , of them be periodi cally laid before Parliament at the earliest date; and let ministersbe responisble for them. 