Town Talk and Table Ghat. Indirposition of the Mayor of Launceston.— We regret to have to in form our readers that His Worship the Mayor is suffering from a severe attack of inflammation of the lungs, which has necessarily rendered him unable to dis cmtrgo cue duties attendant upon uis office. Aldermau Webster was elected by the Council on Monday as Acting Mayor during the indisposition of Mr, Hart, which we sincerely trust may uot be of long duration. Accident. — A rather singular accident happened to a dray-horse on Monday. It appears that the animal, irritated by the iucessaut tormenting of flies, endea voured to rid itself of the pest by twisting the head in tbe usual manner, when the bit caught in tbe bolt of tbe shaft, and a mil nas mu realllb. me nurse, aiiui u considerable amount of kicking aud struggling, was released from its somewhat dangerous position, fortunately without sustaining much i.ijury. Tub Whirlpool Rock— Tbe work connected with removing this obstruction is, we are informed, steadily progressing. Five blasts were effected last week, for the purpose principally of dislodging masses of stone scattered by previous blasting. There is a depth of about eleven feet over every part of tbe rock excepting the N.E. pinnacle, where there exists only eight feet of water A canis ter is now being made, and preparations art) going on with a view to remove this pinnacle, which it is expected will shortly be done. Bazaar.— As announced by advertise ment in another page, it is intended to liold a second bazaar at the Town Hall on the 23rd June next and following days, in order to raise fuuds for the extinction of the debt on the building fund of Chalmers' Free Church, Launceston Judging from the success of the last bazaar, in aid of the Working Men's Club, we may augur equally favourable results on the forthcoming occasion. Tbe ladies whose names are publiebed in the adver tisement will be glad to receive contribu tions. The Submarine Telegraph Cable — By the English mail communications have been received by the Government from Captain Gilmore, and also from the Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Company, stating that 100 miles of the cable were safely shipped on board tbe Investigator on 31st December. It was anticipated that the balance of tbe cable would be shipped on board within a week, when the vessel would immediately sail. The date of her leaving is not stated, but it is believed to be the 6th or 7th of January, and it is expected that she will arrive in Australian waters about tbe 15th March. The vessel proceeds first to Melbourne., where sh« will pick up the staff of electricians, who will arrive by the mail. The work of laying down the cable will then be commenced without delay. — Mercury. Lecture on Nineveh »nd Babylon.— A tolerably large audience assembled at St, Andrew's Church last evening to hear tbe Rev. John Gardner's lecture on the earth-buried cities Nineveh and Babylon. James Robertson, Esq., was in the chair, and on the platform were other well known gentlemen. The rev. lecturer treated the subject with a master band, aud riveted the attention of bis hearers by his eloquonce aud plcnaing mode of delivery. We reserve further and more detailed notice of this interesting lecture until our next issue. Pigeon Shooting.— Aa announced in our advertising columns, a prize shooting match will take plnce on the 26th instant at Mr Uussell's, Queen '-- Head Hotel, Perth. Other prizis for the mos. suc cessful shots are oft\reJ, consisting of a Itigby gun, a fat pig, ana » uweeiuitke of £1 each. Popular Entertainment.— We beg to remind our readers that Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Phillips, assisted by their son, Master Hans, intend giving the first of their entertainments at the Mechanics' Institute this evening. They further announce their intention of visiting, iu the course of next week, the, Nile, b'van dale, Longford, Westbury, and Delorniiie. Hom b Sebials. — We have received from MeBsrs. Walch, Brothers and Uir chall, the Christmas number of the St. James' Muguziue, It contains, as usual with this class of pulilicatiuus at tbe CJbristmas ueu«nti, a nuiuher of highly seiiBtitioual tales, tu wit,— Three Haunted Houses, a now aud true story ; Cuugbt by ;i Madman ; The Doctor's Ghost ?Story ; A Heal Ghost iitory, &o.; The type is particularly clear aud good, and tho illustrations, on tinted paper, are, for the most part beautifully executed. 