MISCELL A.NEOUS. i IFrom the Home News. 1 ,. THE PRINCE OF. WALES.—A rumour circulated in Paris on November 21 of the " Prince of Wales having met with a dangerous accident on the day preceding when out hunting at Compiegne, but the account was marked by great exaggeration. His Royal Highness, having advanced somewhat beyond the general rush of riders, found himself between two. stags, which, charging huh simultaneously, knocked over his horse, and then passed on. The Prince escaped with a slight abrasion of the skin on the leg, and was so little affected by the shock as to be able to dine at the imperial table in the evening. The Prince and Princess arrived at Copenhagen on November 29, and proceeded at once to the Castle of Fredensborg. The King welcomed his royal guests at the railway. s tation. PURCHASE OF ENGLISH TELEGRAPHS.— -The arrangements for the purchase of the telegraphs by the Government are being actively carried on, and a Commission appointed by the Accountant-General has nearly concluded the enquiry into what the net profits of the Companies really are. A complete collection of the instruments used has been arranged in the library of. St. Martin's-le-Grand. It is said to be a most interesting display, and one which shows in a remarkable manner the Vast progress which has been made since the first application of electricity to the purpose of telegraphy. OUTBREAK IN* ALGERIA. — Reports of another outbreak among the Arabs in Algeria have again forced the administration of that troublesome dependency on the attention of the French Government. Strong representations have been made to the Emperor, it is believed, by some oE his most influential advisers against a continuance of the severe system of military government; but the Etnperor hesitates to maks any change, especially at so critical a mo aid at. ' TOTAL LOSS OF THE SHIP AUSTRALIA.— By the arrival at Liverpool of the screw steamer Tvcho Brahe, from the Brazils, we learn the total loss of the splendid Australian clipper ship Australia, while on the voyage from Sydney to London. The wreck occurred about 138 miles north of Bahia, but as to the cause of it no particulars are given. The whole of the cargo, however, has been lost, but all the specie on board is reported to have been saved. The Australia, under command of Captain Vollar, sailed from Sydney for London on the 5th of September last, and would appear to have been making good progress when the disaster occurred. The Australia was built at Aberdeen in 1866, was 1,010 tons burthen, and was classed A1 at Lloyd's. She was owned in Aberdeen by Messrs. Duthie, Sons, & Co., and was celebrated for the quickness of her runs between London and Australia. The crew and passengers were all saved. THE LATE BARON ROTHSCHILD.—The late Baron James de Rothschild, of Paris, died worth £24,000,000 sterling. He has bequeathed his splendid estate of Ferrieres, together with a vast sum of money, to his eldest son; and his will is said to bear strong evidence of his desire that his representative should maintain with the utmost grandeur the dignity of the house of Rothschild. EXPLOSION OF GUNPOWDER,—A tremendous explosion occurred on Thursday afternoon, November 26, at the St. * lien Gunpowder Works, three miles from Truro. Three shocks followed each other in rapid succession, creating much excitement in Truro, where the houses were shaken as_if by an earthquake. The sulphur caught fire in process of grinding, and when the flames burst forth 14 workmen had time to" escape. Four buildiags are wholly or partially destroyed. The magazine, containing "a very large stock of gunpowder, was about half a mile distant from the scene of the accident. Four lives were lost. YAXKEE CUTENESS.—In Chicago, a fellow named Reed was arrested, charged with passing two $10 counterfeit notes. The charge was fully proved, whereupon Reed proved that he had stolen the bills from a comrade. The fact that he stole the money %vas considered evidence that he supposed the money to be good, and the fact that the money being counterfeit was not money in the eyes of the law, it was contended that no offence was committed in the stealing of it, and he was forthwith discharged. LORD DERBY A TAILOR.— At a meeting of the North Staffordshire Licensed. Victuallers' Society at Stoke, Mr. C. B. Adderley, M.P., wbo presided, told the following story of the Earl of Derby.-—" His Lordship had been admitted a member of the Ancient Guild of Tailors, and seeing him shortly afterwards, Mr. Adderley said, ' Do you know what you have been swearing, Lord Derby Y His Lordship replied that he did not. ' Well, then,' said Mr. Adderley, ' I have read the oath, and you have sworn that you will take to tailoring, and do nothing else all your life."' GAS EXPLOSION.—On Tuesday night, Nov 24, a man, while passing the pillar post letter-box in the Commercial-road, at the corner of Arbour- square, Stepney, stopped to light a fusee on the top of the box, and directly he had done so a tremendous explosion of gas took place. The box was a total wreck in an instant, the front plate blown out, the smaller plate, with the times of delivery of letters engraved thereon, shivered, and the interior fittings rendered useless. Singularly enough, although there were 17 letters at the bottom of the box, not one of them sustained the least injury. The cause of the accident is accounted for. by the fact that a gas pipe laid binder the box leaked, and the box was filled with gas. A BILL OF EXCHANGE Factory^—A bill of exchange manufactory" has been discovered in the veiy heart of the City of London, where the production of fictitious commercial paper was carried on in the most systematic manner. The police apprehended on Friday, November 6, three men who were implicated in the business, and on their preliminary examination at the Mansion-House on November 7 some extraordinary facts were stated. The City Solicitor, who prosecuted, said he held in his hand no less than 20 bills of exchange which had been fabricated within the last month— one for £620 14s., another for £514 12s., others for £320 10s., £396 10s., £480, £320, £440 10s. 6d., £444 6s., and £289 7s., the rest being of less, but still of considerable amounts in some cases ; and the 20 amounted altogether to £5,192 16s. 8d. They bore no less than 74 signatures, all of which were forgeries,- and they were drawn in no fewer than five different languages—ten in English, three in French, four in Italian, two in Spanish, and one in German. They purported to have been drawn in various parts of the civilized world—three in the Mauritius, two in Constantinople, two at Eberfield, and one each at Rio de Janeiro, Palermo, Odessa, Almeira, Havannah, Stettin, Milan, Marseilles, Sydney, Philadelphia, Melbourne, New York, and Montreal. The forged bills in every instance but one were drawn on paper engraved and printed for the express purpose, and had the name of the drawer engraved hi the usual way in the margin. In every case also they bore the name of some English firm as the acceptors, stamped by a die, so that on any gentleman taking any one of such bills to his banker's, it would be assumed on the face of it to be a genuine bill of exchange. There were no less than 22 names of firms stamped on them, namely, four at Liverpool, one at Halifax, two in Glasgow, one at Hudtjerstield, two at Wolverhampton, ~t w4,nr Cork, two at Bradford, two in Manchester,., eiie in .Sunderland, two in Leith, four in Edinburgh, two at Wakefield, three at Sheffield, one at Leeds, one at Salford, one at Paisley, and one at Birmingham. "The three prisoner s (whose names are SeigmundStriemer, 45-years of age, residing in Queen's-road, Dalston; Gustav S toven, 29, living in Nelson-square, Park-road,, Peckham; and George • Kunake, or Konike, about 45, residing, in Henrietta-terrace, Blake-road, Peckham) were arrested oa November 6 engaged in their occupation in a room in Nicholas-lane. Striemer occupied a front room on the second floor, and was described as a translator of languages. Some of the bills that would be produced in evidence were only in course of fabrication,- and in the room where the prisoners were the officers found as many as 54 dies, with the names, upon them of various firms. They also found several hundreds of blank forms, and two books containing engraved forms of bills purporting in one book to be those of the Philadelphia Union Bank, and the counterfoils which the learned gentleman produced showed how large must have been the circulation of such bilk. The other book contained forms of bills of the Mercantile Bank of Sydney. Evidence establishing these facts was called, and the prisoners have been remanded several times. THE RIGHT OF WOMES TO VOTE —In the Court of Common Pleas on November 9 Lord Chief Justice Bovill, with Justices Willes, Byles, and Keating sitting in Banco, judgment was given in the case of "Chorlton, appellant, v. Lings, respondent," the appeal from a decision of the Revising Barrister for Manchester, which was delivered on November 7\. The Lord Chief Justice and the other Judges delivered separate judgments, but they all agreed that there was not sufficient authority for saying that by the Common Law women had had a right to vote for members of Parliament; whilst, on the other hand, there was the uninterrupted practice of centuries to show that women had not voted. There was no reported case in favour of the vote, except that in a note to " Olive v. Ingram," there was reference to a manuscript report of a case to show that women could vote. This note was only to be found in 7 "Modern Reports," whilst there was no reference to any such case in Strange; and Lord Coke gave his express opinion the other way. Li his (the Chief Justice's) opinion the Reform Act of 1867, in saying that men should vote, although considered in conjunction with Sir John Romilly's Act, did not entitle women to vote. The term men in the Reform Act did not include women; and even if it did, then women would come within the term "incapacitated. " For these reasons he thought that the decision of the revising barrister refusing the vote should be affirmed; but he also thought that it was a case in which no costs should be allowed. Mr. Justice Byles said that he hoped that their unanimous decision, coupled with the unanimous decision of the Court of Session in Scotland, would for ever exorcise and lay this ghost of a doubt which ought never to have arisen. RETAIL DRAPERS' ASSISTANTS' ASSOCIATION.— On Monday evening, January 18, the annual meeting of this Society was held in one of White's Rcroms, when theie was a moderate attendance. Mr. Mitchell occupied i be chair. The report read was adopted, and we present it somewhat condensed: —"The Committee of the Retail Drapers' Assistants' Association, in presenting their annual report, wish to make a few statements with reference to the condition of the Society, and also its want of success ia some of its operations during the past year. It will be remembered that at the last annual meeting it was resolved that the Secretary should wait on Mrs. Hamley, and solicit her co-operation in order to obtain the consent of employers to close their establishments at 6 o'clock all the year round. 'Mrs. Hamley formed the Ladies' Committee, and waited on some of the employers, but without success. In connection with the same movement, so that greater interest might be taken, it was decide! that .1 grand soiree should be held, to be carried out by the Committee. Tne result was that, through a chain of circumstances it proved a failure, as will be seen from the loss which was made, and perhaps one of the strongest reasons why it was so was the want of sympathy displayed by many of the assistants. Your Committee, in referring to the financial state of affairs, wish to state that according to the number of assistants there are, our S xiiety ought to he better supported than it is. We find there are 130 in the trade, and if each gave Is. per quarter we should have annually from them the sum of £26; but instead of such being the case our total proceeds from members amount to the small sum of £9 3s. It will at once then be seen that one of the i easons whv the society has not proved successful ha« been "the want of support from its members. There are scores who do not contribute one penny towardR the working of the Society. They receive thesame benefit as those who do, and yet they will not aid the movement. The total liabilities when the present Committee took office were £2 15s. b'd., and added to this there was the cost of the soiree—advertising, printing bills, programmes, fee.—which brings the total expenditure to j£39ix s.; against this we have the proceeds of soiree, £16 19s ; a balance from last year, £1 ISs. 6d.; and the amount of quarterly subscriptions from members, £9 3s. -making the sum of £28 0s. 6d. Present liabilities, £11 17s. 6d. If the 130 members had paid their sub-criptions we should have a balance in favourof the Association. The actual loss on the soiree alone was £12 Is. our Committee would wish to press upon the attention of. the assistants, that as sure as the Society is allowed to laose through want of support, so sure shall we lose those holidays which have co t so much to procure; therefore it becomes each one to attend its meetiugs, to sympathize in its movements, and to contribute towards its support. In conclusion, your Committee beg to thank those gentlemen who have stond by the Society in the past, and would express a hope that the Association will be more successful in its operations during the present year." A vote of thanks was tendered to Messrs. Kobin and Birks for their kinkne>s in providing a Committee-room dming the past year. The following were elected to serve on the new Committee: - Chairman, Mr. O. T. Lovell; Treasurer, Mr. J. J. Laffm; Hon. Secretary, Mr. A. H. Mumme; and Messrs. Short. Pearson, Pearce, and Pepper. It was resolved, that the usual annual subscription of 4s. should for the present year be paid in advance, and not in quarterly instalments, as heretofore, in order that accounts might be immediately settled. The suhject of early closing was discussed; but no resolutions on the subject were amved at. The proceedings then closed in the usual manner. THE VICTOHIAS NEW ROLL OF J.P.'s.—We find the following names in the form in which we present them in the new roll of Magistrates to act for the Portland General Sessions District. Some of the gentlemen would require to travel considerable distance's, if disposed, to sit on the Portland Bench, and (here ace indications in the list that our neighbours are not well posted up in South Australian changes:—Samuel Beddorae, Adelaide; Charles Philip Brewer, Gu;chin Bay; John Stewart Browne, Mount Gambier; George Frederick Dashwood. Adelaide, .South-Australia; George Hamilton, J P.. and Commissioner of Police, Adelaide, South Australia; Jamen Carisbrooke Lyon, Mount Gambier, South Australia; Matthew Moorhouse, Adelaide, South Australia; Richard Francis Newland. Port Adelaide, South Au-tral"; Alexander Tolmer, Robe, South Australia; Peter Kgerton Warburton (Major). Commissioner of Police, Adelaide. South Australia. A SAD SEQUEL TO A SAD STORY —A few weeks ago a story appeared in the Melbourne papers about a woman wandering along the streets with a dead child in her arms. The following, in the ilTew Zealand Herald of the 21th December, furnishes a sad sequel to the tale:—" We learn, with regret, of the sudden death of Mr. Auld, chief officer of the b-irque Novilty, who was taken il whilst on the passage from Sydney to Auckland, and died in his berth on the fol'owing day. He had seen a Melbourne telegram in a Sydney paper announcing that his wife had been arrested in Swanst >n street in a state ot insanity, carrying ht>r dead child dressed in her 3nns. I*, apnear? that this intelligence had a most injurious effect up->n 1 Mr A 111; 1 HA-ILT-TL ANIL IFR CAOMA.F * 