DEDICATION OF TIIE ROMAN CATITOLIO CIHURCH AT GYMPIE. Lost Sunday was a day to be long remembered by the Roman Catholic portion of this cominoliy. On that day, his Lordship lhe Bisholp soltmltll bless.dv and dediealed to the serrice of the M.lst high, the buildling ,rectld by tlhem for tlle celebr:tion of the rit:s of th, ir reiigioi. The first visit if ia bishopt of this communnion would have been an ecrvnt of itm port.nee, had Ihe come to perform e?en the sunl aind nore oadi ary duties of his paisral lIvarge, btl, thle consecratiiu of his chrlcih hai an Sil p riS ] iihrol sr, awhen it is cnsider.dil that sich at hand-ome lUilding has been nreded in such i shorf lime, ii na phar ahenr but a nfeow months ago the albol'iial may havei huniel ill happy ignorance slnmst of thle sightL a while maln, andl tle wild animl:lns grazed umi-tlured hl' l1hersoult of a pick, or the lsi-y hbun of anl importaul ..iw. To, tie eounger memobers o tShat lchurch hi', tthe first visit of his ILordship, was particularly intere-ting amt importantl, sa n ltnhller of thI lU were In'lepared to re ceive conlirmaltina at hit mhand. The l]arne ltend ance oi Sunlday toslicilel Io the iit:elret, taken in the cremonies of the idty, not only by C'atllolies, bhtl also by tmnetbPr' of olher persnsi.nlls. The building t neaItly derorntld ill the inlerior, nld is caplable of contlaiinig a t;olls:ond Ipeople wilth case. ThI high altar is of chaste simpli,.ity, it' chief orna ment being a handsomely enrved i:bernalr,i over wlhich is a temporary altar-pinee represeinting tlhe " Man of Sorrows." Beside thiintllor tlhmerciaanotha,' dedicatedto thIlmlesed Virgin,orntamintrd wnithl n whit and gauzy draperies that give a plening relief to tie. uniform colour of the interior walls. Above this inor altar is a al fresco, represeitling tlte marlonun:n, in whiclh are well displayed a very thleasing detign, correct drawing, and skilful manage?ncmnt ol light and shade. Altogether the clhurcht rfletls great icredit on the energy and zeal of the poastor, the buihling com tmittle, and thie utembete of the Cattholin CIhurcb on this gold-fieil. Although wanoting in the splendoar and pomp which are usually disldayed in eontinrntal countries in Europe, where the grand ceremonial of the Cshurch is carried out il its entirely, the ceremony oil Sundday was still very impressive, and owell-enalculsted to leave a lIstiing ilmpression for good on the minds of all who witnessed it, and who understoodl tie typical meaning of the forms prescribed by the itomat Catholic Rubric. The while-robed acolytes, the Bishop in his pontiieals, and the band of young girls, dressed in white, Sith rlhaplls and veils, formed a striking proces-ion, not, likely to be soon forgotten by those who witnessed it for the first time. At 11 o'clock, his Lordslip, attended by the 1~ev. Father HIoran, and preceded by his crnss-bent er and the acolyte, and follon-ed by those about to receive confirmation, left the scueristy, went in proercsion to the main entrance of the clhurch, alld proceeded to the high altar; the attendanti priest having renloved the mitre, he knelt for soime tisme in tprayer, the clinir mieantime emgin g the psalm, tuoe dilont dlce L, fereaclao tua. His Lordship Ihavri again assulmed the mitre, proceeded to bless the church, sprinkling tile walls with holy water, and reciting tlhe prayers prescribed for the occasion. During tile ceremoty the choir intoned tile psalms, Futdaonmena q?fe, imn utaoitibus, anrl 2kivi Dominus edificaveril dotmta. The ceremony of blessing the church being finished, the reni Creator was sung, after which the Rer. Farther ?oran celebrated mass. " After mass, his Lordship mrade a brief but lucid explanation of the ndoctrine of the Church on the sacraments, dwelling chiefly on that which he was about to administer--Con firmnation - which gave strength to the recipi ents to brave all persecution and danger for the sake of Christ and their faith-to rejoice, as did the Apostles after receiving the Holy Ghost, that they were deemed worthy to suffer for His sake. This enerament gave them strength to follow the foot steps of the Divine Redeemer, always bearing in mind the sublime lessons of humility, charity, and brotherly lore He had taught them by precept and example. The bishop strongly inculcated the necessity of fre quent and fervent prayer, and recourse to the escra meats of penance and the Eucharist, without which .they could not hope to maintain themselves in a state of grace, or gain that place of refreshmentt, light, and peace, that crown of glory which is reserved for those who, having fought the good fight, die in the Lord and sleep in the sleep of Christ. His Lordship then administered confirmation to those who were prepared to receive it-about eiehty, principally young persons. After the ceremony lihe further addressed a few words of encouragement to those who had been confirmed to persevere in the way ofreligion, and of warning to parents to lead sucnll lives as would not scandaliso the "little ones," and incur the dread penalty pronounced on such a grievous sin. The morning service concluded with the episcopal benediction and the solemn benediction of tihe Bleosed Sacrament. In the erveing his Lordship presided at Vespers, and delivered an eloquent und impressive sermon on the Gospel of the day-the ptrable of the Phlarisee and the Publican-in whicll he showed the abso lute necoesily of a meek and contrite heart, and humility in prayer-of trusting to pardon, not to our own merite, but to the iilinito gooduless and mercy of the Creator. They should not forget the last commlandment the Redeoeoer crve to his disciples, and through thlemt to all future generationa, " That ye love one another:" or that Divine sermon oil the mount, that subliote Gospel of Christisn charity aind brotherly love which lie had left to all to be main tained ill their daily inlercoure wilth their fellow-men. Ito forcibly insisted on the necenslty of forgiving injuries that they might not invoke a curse instead of a blessing on their heads when thley daily prayed to tlhe Saviour I Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive themll that trespass against us." ' The Vespers concluded with tho solemn benediction. -fyoapie Times, July 28. When the ship Regina arrived, u number of the sailors belonging to her were sentenced to twelve weeks' imprisonment, for continued disobedience of orders, and if required they were to be returned to Iho ship before the expirationl of the sentence. Five of these men were brought down from thegaol on Thurs day, in charge of the water police, to be conveyed to the ship, as she is about to proceed to sea. They were handcuffed, but it was with great difliculty that the police could get the men along without having re course to coercive measures. When they got near the lower end of Queen-street, two of them wantonly broke the plate-glass windows of the shops occupied by Mlr. Farry, bootmaker, mnd Mr. lDay, fruiterer. The police, in order to prevent more dumange, coem pelled the anilors to walk in the muiddle of the stleet to the lock-up, where tlhey are now itn safe-kreping. The men broke the windowas with their shoulders as they were walking down the side-path.-Courier. 