TO MR. HENRY PARKES, EX-COLONIAL SECRETARY OF THE COLONY OF NEW SOUTH WALES. (Per favor of the Freeman's Journal.) Dear Henry,— Think not that it is through a sincere love of you that I thus address you. No, Henry dear, your conduct during the last few months has opened the eyes of all unprejudiced persons to your real character ; and you have, by your bigotry, intolerance, and at last by your openly expressed hatred to a certain religious denomination of which I am proud to say I am a member, that you cannot think, no matter how much boldness you possess, that I can have any love, any respect for you. Henry, I am a Catholic by religion, an Aus- tralian by birth ; but I am an Irishman by de- scent. Could I but lay claim to but one of these honorable distinctions, I would still have the same contempt for you which I now possess. Yes, Hcmry, you have in3ulted me, a Catholic, by denouncing the religion 1 profess as opposed to freedom and enlightenment, and because its ministers opposed so strenuously, yet, as you think, ineffectually, your infidel 'Public Schools Bill,' you did not hesitate to declare that they were rebellious, — that they were ' an insolent and domineering priesthood,' — aye, you have gone so far as to publicly denounce them as 'liars.' Henry, you have insulted me, an Irishman, by doing all in your power to make the -non- Irish portion of the people of this country believe that their Irish fellow-colonists were but a set of cold blood thirsty wretches, aiders and abettors of murderers and assassins, conspirators — disloyal to their Queen and to their adopted country. Henry, you have in sulted me, an Australian, and why ? B ?cause you have endeavoured to cause sect to rise against sect, in deadly enmity. You have attempted to ruin the prospects of this young country by sowing the quick growing seed of religious dissension and national discord. You have, by your unjust, impolitic, aud bigotted acts; driven many and many a man, who would be a credit and an honour to any country under the sun, from our shores, to find a home in the wilds of America. They foolishly supposed that when they left Ireland for Australia they could find amongst us a quiet, peaceful, home, free from religious persecution— free from the op pression of tyrannical and hard hearted land lords— free from the fear of being immured in such prison pens as Portland and Pentouville, by the evidence of such perjured wretches as Nagle and others of his kind. You have fed with no sparing hand the ravenous, all- devouring fire of bigotry, by raising false suspicions, by creating false alarms, and by doing everything in your power to aid and assist -our followers — few though they may be— in order that they, with you !at their head, might obtain the reins of Government, and then persecute the poor Irish Catholics, of this colony with unrelenting ty ranny. These, then, Henry, are the reasons, or, at least, a few of the reasons, why 1 think oi you only with contempt. But, Henry, you may be rather impatient to know the cause of my writing this letter to you. I will tell you the reason why I now write, and before I finish 1 aiay prove that I am a true friend to you, though, inind you, I would dis dain any such distinction, and s^urn such a (dis)honour. Being on a visit to a small village near Bathurst during the last week, 1 rose early one morning with the intention of taking a quiet walk in the bush. I had not gone very far when I stumbled against what I, on exami nation, found to be a very large tooth. The thought of having read but a few days before about a very large bone being found in Wollon gong, which was so large that it, o-umot belong to any animal in the country at present, and that it, was believed to belong to the poor mur dered Feniaa. Now, Henry, the tooth which I no'W: have in my possession would just be a match for the WolJongong bone. On your ap plying to me for this tooth, which is two inches long; one inch, broad, and one inch thick, I will readily give it to you. Of course, you may very well know that I only propose this as an expe dient. You know, as I know, that you have made this colony the laughing stock of all Aus tralia by your stories of a murdered Fenian. You have brought down on yourself, justly deserved, dispraise, and the severest condemnation of the press both of this and the other Australian colonies. What will they think of us in Eng land, Ireland, Scotland, and the Continental countries when the exposure made by Mr. Macleay of your conduct with regard to the Fenian conspiracy is made known to them ? What will they think of the disgraceful denoue ment of the ' Kiama Ghost Mystery,' io which your name figures so dishonourably ? What will they say to the man who would cause. a free pardon to be given to such a doiiblj convicted wretch as Muller, with his five or six different aliases ? Will they not tell us that our money has been so generously distributed by you, in.rewardB for persona not in existence, in paying informers who so completely gulLd you that they ought to apply to us the old adage— ' Fools and their nion'ey are easily parted.' |Che Treason Felony Act brought down oa ub hard sayings enough from the home press, it was trying enough for us to know that that 'Act' was declared to be 'eubvemve oi the ftpirit of British law,' and that two thirdi of th» entire population were declared to be raving maniacs — unable to distinguish right -from wrong, — that we were compared to a lot oi savages cutting and hacking ourselves of our rights and liberties. But what of that ; it wsu a disgrace to its supporters — it was a disgrace to you and Mr. M.arbin ; but the Kiama Gkoafc Mystery is a thousand, aye, ten thousand times worse. You are well acquainted with it, but do not think that I intend to pass it by in such & light manner. I will make you ashamed o£ your actions, if you have a spark of shame leffe in you, before I bring my design to an emL Considering these things, Henry, you will, I ana sure, believe with me that it is of no use for wz any longer to pretend to a very high status o£' public morality— that we must not consider om present misfortunes, bub now only try to regaim (no matter how we may rlo so) our lost honor,, our former good character. : Henry, you now see my reason for writing t© you. I bave a very large tooth ; it may be and' is very likely a horse's tooth ; bub never mind, send for it, I will give it to you, and then obtains the Wollongong bone. You can then produce ? these as the bones of the poor murdered Feniani ?? (I hope it is not treason to speak kindly of him.) You can show how barbarously he was muc- ? dered, when his thigh bone was found in WoE longong, and one of his teeth near Bathursk Henry, I have done you much good by giving you this information. I have a great deal more to -?ive you which, I am sure, will prove to yout that our religion is nob opposed to freedom and enlightenment— that its ministers whom we '. reverence so much are not 'insolent and do mi- ' neering,' — that they have no desire to persecute auy sect, Christian or pagan — that the Irishmen of this colony are not rebels - that those of their countrymen who are disloyal at homo have very good reason for being so, — and finally, fchatthey are neither murderers nor assassins. I am nofc going to do so in this letter, but shall do so in a series of letters which I shall address to you, it possible, through the columns of the muck abused, viliified, and persecuted Freeman's Journal. I shall commence my first letter in a ? week or so by making a short review of your ' Anti-Catholic and Anti-Irish acts during your '? tenure of office as Colonial Secretary in the late Government, of which you were the greafe Brummagen shining light. Adieu, Henry, for a while, trusting to the '* tried friend of the Irish Catholics in New South ' Wales, the editor of the Freeman, to insert thie and my future letters, I promise you that yon ' shall hear from me pretty often, until I have i exhausted my subjects, or until you are ndi '%. louger a member of the Legislature of this ' colony, of which, I have the honor to say, 1 am ';. a uative, and a true sincere friend to it. 1 am, dear Henry, .- ' A SON OF THE SOIL. ' 