"BOOTfl;" / OR, TqBE MIsFoiTUNEX OF PET1U PADER. It was .u lovely morning? in ausmn, in whioh, while the veryair had delight it, and while happiness pervadeid bhe iatncs phere, there still was one little mian whd felt it not- poor little man-poor grim little man-poor queer little man-poor little man disconsolate. Sadness had engrossed tho littie man. There was a hand too, ponderous in weight--nustero in knnucle--severe in fist-resting clutcbingly upon the collnri of this little man, though the little man iresiSted not. He bhd yielded to his fate, sulkily, it may be, but submissively. Pale was the little min's face, most pale; while his i hbat was generally crumpled in its circumferqnce, and particularly smashed in the details of its crown, having the look, abused hat, of being typical of its owner's lortunes-a- em blem, as it were, of the ups and the downs, the stumbling-places and the pitfalls where with its owner's way through life is diver shified. He had a coat, too-though, this simple fact cannot be alluded to as distinctly charancteristic-most men wear coats whos'e aspirations go beyond a jacket. But our little man's coat was peculiar. There waere wo propositlons, either tie coat (iid not oe ong,.to him, or else he did not beloig to he coat It may possibly be that mischance Iad shrunk the individual's fair proportions, ind had thus left his garments in the lurch -the whole arrangement being that of a very small kernel in an uncommoiily- exten nive shell. It may be mentioned also, in the way of illustration, that the buttons be hind were far below their just and ,proper location-that its tails trailed on the ground; while in front the coat was bottoned ,almost around its wearers aknees. Thus the little nan was not only grim, and queer, and sor rowful, but was also picturesque and original. The case-we do not mean the cont, but the case, in general and inclusive--offered another striking peculiarity. In addition to the somewhat dilapidated pair of boots which which adorned the pedal extremities,i of the little man, or Peter Faber-for such was the appellation in which this little mnan re joiced-when he did happen to rejoice-Mr. Peter Faber carried another pair.of boots along with him--one in each hand-+ as it he had used precaution against being, sent on a bootless errand, and took the field like' artillery, supplied with extra whpels. But' it was not that Mr. Peter Faber hPd feloni ossly appiopriated these boots, as iill-advised persons might be induced to' suppose. But each man has his idiosyncrasy--his pecu liarities-some trait which, by imperceptible advances, results at last in being the master passion, consuming all tie rest; and boots andti almost insane lovre of boots-stood in this important relation to Mir. Peter Faber. In happier days, when the sun o. prosperity beamed brightly on him, fill of warmth and cheeriness, Peter Faber had a whole closet full of bodts, and a top-shelf full of blacking -in boxes ind in bottles-solid blacking, andl that which is diluted; andti Peter Faber's leisure hours were passed in polishing these boots, in admiiring these boots, and in tryintg on these boots. The strongest. have snuch folly. Men theie are wlo ialke puns, and are yet permittedl to live. Peter Faber clierislhed boots, and became tlhe persecuted of society l Justice is blind. On the previous night, in the very hours of quietness anti repose, there came a strange n.oise of rattlipg and bimnlting Iat the fri'ont loor of thie respeccable family of the Soiggses. It so happiened, indeed, on this memorable occasion, .that Sniggs himsel:f was absent friom home; atl the rest of thle family were nervous alter dasrk, because his valour had temporarily been withdrawn from their pro tection. Still, however, the :fearful din con tinued, to the complete and terrified awaken ing of the innocent Sniggses, from the re Ireshment of balmy slumber. Betsy, the maid-of-all-work, crept in terror to the chamber of thie maternal Mrs. Sniggs. Then came little Tommny Saiggs, shivering with cold and fear, while he looklted like a sheeted ghost in the whiteness of his nocturnal habiliments Nor were Mnry, and Sally, and Prudence, and Patience, slowv in their approach. " 'There it goes again !" shivered Mrs. Sniggs, frm beneath the blankets. A They're mnost tlhrougli the door I " quivered Detsy, under the bid. " 'They'll take all o'ur money'l" whimpered Pridense. '" And all our lives too! ' groaned Patience. " And the spoons beside? !' shrieked Mary, who was acting, in the capacity of house keeper for that particular week. " Pa !" screamed Toinmy,, under the usual impression of the juveniles, that, as "pa" corrects them, he is fully competent to the correction of all-thle other evils that present theniselves under the sun. " Ma !" ejacultedl the others, seeking rather for comfort and consolation, than for fieroeritnethods of relief. But neither " pa" nor I' Ill "' seemed to have ant exercising effect upon tihe mysteriopls bumpings, and bangingP, and pantings, annd ejaculations, at to fr'o'nt door. In the process of timne,however, becoming. a little fitmiliarized to the disturbance, Mrs. Sniggs slowly raised theo window, and put forth her night-capped head, ithaving been sucgested that by possibility it nmiiht be al noise emanatiqg fi'om Mr. Sniggs, or "pa" himsltf, roturninm unexpoctedly. " Who's ther, ?V" said Mrs. 8bnigg's. .•' Boors !' was the sepulchral reply. " Is it you, donr--you, Sniggs 1" . "Ifyou moan ' m' by sa"ying 'yo,' it is me- but I'm not 'dear '-boots is 'dear'-Sniggs, d;d you say? Who's Sniggs? If he s. n able.lbodliel manl, send him down heoe to bear a hand, will you ?" nd' aniiother crash renewed the terrors of the second story, which sought -ent in such loud and repeated shrieks, tha?1 Sven tile watchman tlimiselt wvn, awnwiieuet, a.o judiciously haultin, it ii respectful distance, he made his reconnoisance with true military caution, concluding with an iniquiry as to what was the Inatter, tliat he might know exactly how to regulate his pprounchos t,. tho sent of war. An idea had entered his mind, that perhaps a ghost wao at the bot tom of all this uproar;, and though perhaps as little nfhiid of mere flesh nnd blood us most |people of his vocation, he lihad no fond, ness fbr taking" spectre bly the collar, or fqr epringing" his rqttle at the llerls of a goblin, holditig it-the principl , and not the ,ho t \--as i maxim:thnt, if suech folks pay no taxes ad are not allowed to vote, they ara npt entitled to the luxury of an arresr, for the *rdinapces of the city do not apply to them. "Even if it is not a ghost nor a sperrit and I'm not very fond of any.sort of sparrits but them that comes in bottles," said i he, havin'g now approached near enough to hlear tho knocking, and to see a dark objedt in mp.tion.st tha top of Mr. Sniggo's steps- "perhapS, itssomethdin, out of a&mea;?sgrio or a museum-somthing, that bites or some thing tha hooks." hina m that hooks; aul I cannot afford to ,?nve my precious corporation used for the benefit of lhb city's corporation. The wa~,ees is too smallfor a ma'n to have himinelf killed into tie bargain." " But maybe it's a bird !" continued he, as he caught a glimpse of Peter's coat-tail fluttering in the wind-" sh-.o-o.!, But no regard being pail to the cry, whicih settled the point that thera crywa no bird in the ease-" sl4-o0.-0 '" being a part bird language, and only comprehensible by the feathered race-the watchman slowly advanced, until habe saw that the mysterioa being was a man-a little man-apparently levelling a blunderbuss and pulling at the trirresr. '? Who said shoe, when it's boot?" in quired t~o unknown figure, still seemingly with a gun at its shoulder, and turning round so that the muzzle appeared to point danger ously at'the intruder. " Hallo! don't shoot! maeybe it will go off!" . cried the watch, as he ducked and dived to confuse the aim and to avoid the anticipated buller. "Don't shute! I know it don't shute that's what I wanted it to do--I'm trying to make it shute with all my ten fingers," was the panting reply, as the apparently threatening muzzle was lowered foIbr an in, stant find raised agaiu--" and as for its go· ing off, that's easy done. What I want, is to make it go on." Luckily for Charily's comfort, he now liscovered that the supposed blunderbuss was Peter Fahebor's leg; and that the little man had levelled it like a gun, in the vain atttempt to pull a Wellington boot over that which already encased his foot. It was the hanging of Peter's back against the'front door of Mrs. Snigg's mansion that had so alarmed the family, and now as he talked, he hopped across the pavement, still tugging at the boot, and took his place upon the fra-plug. " Pshaw !-baint it bot !" said Peter. "DIratthese boots! They did fit like no thing when I tried 'em on this morning; but now I might as well pull at the door hlandie and try to poke my fbot through the keybhole. My feet couldn't have groved so much in a single night, or else my stockings would have been tore; and I'm sure these are my own legs an:l nobody else's, becausoe they are as short as ever andl as baadv. Besides, I know it's me by patches on my knees. That's the way I always tell." " Are you quite sure," inquired the watceb,( " that you didn't get swopped as you cnme up the street? You've got boot, somehow or other. But come, now," added he, authoritatively, and putting on the dignity that belongs to his station, "quit being ie dickalis, and tell us what's the meaning of sich goin's on. It you're a gentleman's son, always be genteel, end never cut up slindies, or indulge in didoes. What are you doing with them 'are booti ?" " Doing . with my boots? What could I do without my boots, watohy ?" added Peter, in tones of the deepest salem nity, as hle laid his boots upon his lap and smoothed them down with every token of ffecltion. "Wautchy, though you are a scatchy? you've got a heart with the sensi bilities in it-nothing of the brickbat about you, is there watohy? If you are ugly to look at, it's not your fault, and it's not your fohult tlhat you're a watchy. I can see with halflan eye that you're a man with feelings; ond you know as well as I do that we must havc something to love in this world-you love your rattle-I love my boots- better nor, they love me,' 1m' afraid," and Peter grew plaintive. ? It's not a very genteel expression, I kno?wv,' said the nooturnal guardian, " and it may seem to be rather a personol insiniva* tion, though I only aek it in a professional wpy., and not because I want to know as a private citizen-no,' it's in my pubho cam pncity, that I think you've been drinking I 'thmnhk so a. a watchman, not as David Dampy. Isn't yoei a leetle corned ?:' To be cointliued. 