NEWS AND NOTES. Despite the apparently backward state o£ the build ing the contractor, at the Mechanics' Institute, is con fident of being able to clear away the scaffolding and all the debris of material before Wednesday next—the day fixed for the opening of the Fine Arts Exhibition. His Excellency the Governor will formally- open the exhibition, at three o'clock, on Wednesday afternoon, and the committee has requested the mayors of both boroughs to proclaim a half- lioliday upon the occasion. Invited guests and season tieketholders only will be allowed to be present at the opening ceremony. Sir W. F. Smith being the only candidate for the vacancy in the Buninyong Borough Council, had a walkover yesterday. - . Two boys named George Rea and Richard Quick were given into custody at Ballarat East on Friday, charged with stealing a meerschaum pipe, the property of Charles Cranuage. They were bailed out to appear on Monday. The Rev. S. Finklstein will preach in the Camp street Baptist Church to- morrow, morning and even ing. With regard to Messrs Freyberger and Co.'s denial of their being in treaty for the hall of the. Geelong Me chanics' Institute, our informant desires us to say that ho hod sjoon t.lvMV Ittt.t.pv nf requesting to know terms, &c.;, for the purpose of in troducing Mr Talbot and a dramatic company to the Geelong public. The ninth ordinary general meeting of the Ballarat Banking Company will be held at Craig's hotel, on the 2nd August. The company seems to be iu a prosper ous condition. The manager's l'eport states that "the gross profits from all sources, after making provision for bad and ascertained doubtful debts—including a balance of £1976 Is 3d carried forward from last half year, amount to £13,043 lis 2d, leaving a net balance of =£11,058 15s lid, after deducting interest to deposi tors and current expenses, say £19Si 15s 3d. The directors recommend that a dividend of 10 per cent, be declared." The band played for a considerable time on Friday evening as is now usual in the Sturt street gardens, in front of St. Andrew's Church. There was a. good number of listeners about the street in its locality; but the night was so damp for walking and at the same time so cold that a large attendance could not have been expected. The Ballarat Hunt Club meet to-day at Wilson's Newmarket hotel, Miners' Rest. The time annointerl is half-past two. The club is to be out in the same direction on Thursday next, when it will meet at Cere3 at the invitation of Mr Thomas Bath. Our Geelong correspondent writes:—"A number of gentlemen' partial to boating, met at the Victoria hotel, Geelong, on Saturday, for the purpose of re establishing the local Yacht Club, which has for the past four years been in a languishing condition, five members only having continued to subscribe. Mr W. H. Anderson occupied the chair, and eight new mem bers were elected. This was considered a very fair start, as a number of gentlemen known to be fond of yachting were unavoidably absent, besides which, it was hoped, for the credit of the town, that every mer chant and leading tradesman would subscribe his annual guinea, and thus enable the club to give such prizes as will attract competitors, not only irom Mel bourne but also from the neighboring colonies. It is also expected that Ballarat will furnish some members, as many of your most spirited boating men come an nually to Geelong in the bathing season, and are the Qosfc liberal patrons that those who have boats for lire obtain. There can be no doubt that a good racht race on Corio Bay would be a pretty sight, nuch more attractive than any that could be held at Jandridge, the scenery surrounding our almost land ocked bay being equal in beauty to anything of the and in the colony. We have, I think, about four i-achts, the Corio, the Southern Cross, the Duke of Edinburgh, and another, thu name of which I cannot remember. These, with the Haidee, which is daily jxpected to arrive from Sydney, will form the nucleus of what we trust will in a few years be a powerful squadron. The Southern, by-the-bye, is for sale. Could not some of your citizens club together, pur chase her, and join the club ? They would then always have a really good boat at their command, and one that can hold its own against almost any craft in Victoria." Mr AV. B. Rodier invites tlie ratepayers of Ballarat East to meet in the Town- hall on Tuesday evening, when he proposes to state his reasons for retiring from the council, as well as his reasons for being a candidate at the annual election. Hughes and Kay, the celebrated billiard-players, arrived in Geelong on Friday evening. They are to play a match of 1000 up at the Victoria hotel on Saturday evening, Kay receiving 300 points. A respectable-looking young man named Chorles H. Butterworth, a midshipman belonging to the Explorer, was brought before the Geelong bench of magistrates on Friday, charged with stealing * gold watch and other jewellery from a young woman named Eliza beth Davenport, a passenger by the ship mentioned. He confessed to having the property, and was re manded to Melbourne. Much sympathy was felt for the young fellow, who certainly looked anything but a thief, and it is stated that he was courting the young woman on the passage out, but has recently given her the cold shoulder. It is therefore possible that the property said to be stolen will be otherwise accounted for. A'warrant has been issued for John Ginivah for deserting his little boy, at Ballarat East, on the 1st of May last. It will be remembered that the child was found in a destitute and neglected condition by the police, and sent to the Industrial Schools. The father is supposed to be in Sandridge or Melbourne. Seven cases of cattle-stealing are 'reported in this week's Police Gazette, but none of them occurred in this district. Four seamen hare deserted from the ship Explorer, which arrived here a few weeks ago, after sinking the French barque Bretagne by a collision. The names of the men are—George Robertson, a Scotchman; Daniel Nordin, a Dutchman; John Woods, an English man; and James M'Donnell, an Irishman. The dog-inspector of the Eastern borough had some more defendants before the police court there on Fri day, for keepiug unregistered dogs. It seems rather curious that he should not have the powers placed in his hands which are possessed by other inspectors, of registering dogs or taking them to a place of destruc tion. As it is, he is compelled to summon if the people will not register, and for the purpose of en treating them to obviate an appeal to the police-court he has to visit them several times. If power were given to him to take away the dog in the event of a refusal to comply with the provisions of the act, or to issue registration certificates on the ground, much inconvenience, we believe, would be saved. A large number of persons benefit by the compara tively clean crossings at the intersection of Sturt and Lydiard streets, but those who use them do not respond in a liberal manner to the applications for coppers made by the sweeper. This individual has hit upon a plan for conveying this piece of informa tion in a delicate manner to pa3sers-by, and yesterday his hat was ornamented with a placard bearing the words, " Not paid by the corporation." Save the rejection of two amendments on the ISth clause, no progress was made with the Land Bill in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday evening. The first amendment was intended to reduce the area taken up by selectors for agricultural purposes to 320 acres, leaving them the other 320 acres as grazing laud at a yearly rental of Gd per acre, but giving them no claim to the fee-simple; the other was to reduce the rent for the first three years from 2s to Is per acre. After this latter amendment had been negatived, Sir M'Kean moved to substitute the word "pence" for "shillings," thus bringing the rent down to twopence an acre, and rather than waste the time of the committee over such an absurdity, progress was reported, and hou. members transferred their attention from the territory itself to the scab existing upon it. Two sermons will be preached in St. Thomas' Free Church of England to-morrow, that in the morning by Mr R. Gladstones, and that in the evening by the Rev. C. Collins. A tea-meeting in connection with the church will be held on Monday. The Scab Bill was passed through all its stages in committee on Thursday night, and reported to the House. Tho principal matter considered during the evening was the introduction of a clause to establish boards of advice in such districts of the colony as might be thought advisable, the duties of the boards carrying out tha act, as well as to report to Govern ment on such matters as they thought necessary. The elauBo was introduced, it is understood, at the request of Mr Macpherson, but he and other gentlemen inter ested in the squatting interest gave it a strong oppo sition because it proposed to pay the members of the boards travelling and such other expenses as were incurred by them out of the scab fund, raised from the squatters. The Government, however, were deter mined that if the boards were appointed they should be paid their expenses, and an amendment to strike out the payment was defeated. Mr Riddell, however, then moved the omission of the whole clause, which the Government did not oppose, but allowed to be carried. The clause was therefore struck out by the very parties at whose wish it was inserted. The Rev. T. Ick, M.A., will preach in the Alfred Hall to-morrow, on behalf of the United Methodist Free Church ilissions. A tc.vmeeting will be held in the same place on Monday, when addresses will be delivered by several clergymen. A new division of the Sons of Temperance was organised at Mount Clear on Thursday evening, by Br Jenkins, P.G.W.P., assisted by Br Mathews, G.S., Br Newman, of the Ballarat Division, and Br Pearce, agent. Twenty persons signed the requisition. The division will bear the title of Olive Branch Division, No. u-i. The following brethren were duly installed in their respective offices :—W.P., Br Trevena; W.A., Br J. Williams; R.S., Br C. Thompson; F.S., Br S. Bailey; T., Br Skelton; C., Br R. Clapp; A.C., Br E. Bull; I.S., Br Weber. At the working-men's meeting this evening the chair will bo taken by Mr R. Baker, and Mr G. D. Lee will deliver an address. There will be recitations and sing ing, as usual. A correspondent at Gordon complains that the plan of subdivision of Buninyongshire is to be exhibited at Moorabool, a '' lonely place" ever so many miles away from the ratepayers at Gordon, where the shire gathers nearly all its rates for that division. Councillor lunes, the representative for tho division, is invited to travel in his buggy along the Ballarat line of road to Gordon, and the ratepayers expect that he will then be in a humor to see that some of their wants mMit be better attended to—that is, providing he recovers from the fatigue of the journey. The Dr Nicholson testimonial committee met in the Mechanics' last evening, and made fiual arrange ments for the purchase of a piece of plate, which is to be presented to the doctor on his return to Ballarat. About £80 have been subscribed. On Thursday a little girl about eighteen months old, daughter of Mr Bowen, of Chepstowe, was play ing with an axe, when she let it fall upon her hand chopping off the little finger. Dr Nason, of Carngham, performed the necessary surgical operation in the case! On Friday the little sufferer was progressing satisfac torily. It has been reported to the police that a man named Henry Patterson, ostler at Giblin's hotel, Break o' Day, has suddenly left the locality, and is suspected of having taken from the Hotel a £10 note and two £5 notes, together with forty scrip in the Keevil Quartz Company, in that neighborhood. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:—"Literary and musical entertainments in this quarter are carried on with great spirit, and are generally very successful, the_ managing committees having now had so much ex perience in getting them up, as also such a large num ber of experienced amateurs to draw upon, that the entertainments are much beyond what would reason ably be expected in up-country districts. In Scars- dale Town-hall on Tuesday evening there was a capital entertainment, including vocal and instrumental music, readings, and recitations. The building was crowded, and many were unable to obtain admfssion. The receipts amounted to upwards of £8. On Thurs day evening a somewhat similar entertainment was given at the Smythesdale Mechanics'Institute, andthe programme was eminently attractive. Several ladies and gentlemen from Linton kindly rendered assistance on the occasion, among whom were the well-known local vocalists, Mrs Bennett and Mr Kennedy. Mr Montgomery also contributed aid in the shape of Scotch readings. The brigade band, which under the leadership of Mr Wigney, has already at tained great proficiency, and which is following up practice twice a week with unflagging earnestness performed in capital style, and altogether the evening was spent very pleasantly. There was as good a houso is could be expected, considering the inclemency of the evening. The people in this quarter have taken a jreat interest in this class of entertainments on iccount of the excellent moral tone which characterises ;hem, and there is every desire to see them carried on ;o the recreation and instruction of the inhabitants' is well as to the benefit of the funds of several deserv ng local institutions." Our Leormonth correspondent writes:—" The crops n this district are looking very promising, a more 'avorable season not having been experienced for the i )ast five years, and even on inferior lands a marked 1 mprovement is to be observed as contrasted with i ormer years. The farmers are free from the numer- j ius pests which infest other agricultural districts in < he colony, for in this district there are no rabbits , 1 o Bpeak of, and though the grub has put in an ap- j pearance on some farms it has not spread, and the pre sent month, terminating its existence, no serious injury Erom its ravages is contemplated. The iron weed which has cropped up within the last few years ap pears to take strong hold on some lands, and is difficult of extermination. Three farmers, to my own know ledge, have been obliged to plough up their crops on its account. There is no sign of the take-all. The greater proportion of the crops laidf down this season is wheat. Oats, which have proved a failure during the last three years, look exceedingly well, and a large yield is looked for. There has been no increase in the quantity of barley sown, but what there is, from its appearance, promises to be remunerative. Bye, after many failures, has proved a failure, and is not likely to receive further attention. Fencing in thi3 district will ere long form a matter for discussion amongst the farmers, but I do not think they will fall in with the views expressed m tne extracts uum mo Economist and Farmers' Guide, contained in your agri cultural report 011 Friday. The thorny acacia, white thorn, and other plants have been tried, but have not been found to answer. Now that timber is becoming too scarce and expensive to renew the old three-railed fences, it i3 the general belief that wire-fences will, in future, be adopted as being the most economical, durable, and neatin appearance." Two new pieces are announced for production at the Bijou Theatre to-night and until further notice, the first being " The Sailor's Dream," with ' ghost effects," blood and thunder combats, ships on fire, miraculous escapes, and hornpipes. This will be fol lowed by the new spectacular ballet called "Don Juan," which has been nicely arranged by Madame Coli. Some fine scenery has been painted for this piece by Mr Robins, and the ballet troupe consists of Madame Coli, Miss Sally Lloyd, and a number of others engaged expressly to make the piece a success. A daily overland mail to Sydaey will, it is an nounced, be dispatched from the Melbourne office in future. Letters and papers intended to be forwarded per this route, must be specially directed. The S. A. Advertiser states that tho late Captain Hutchinson,, of the Beatrice, had seen a good deal of hard and honorable service, and had, we believe, un dermined his constitution by hardships endured in a Polar expedition. When it was resolved to have a thorough survey of the coast of Australia, Commander Hutchinson was selected for the task, and for .several years he has been well known to Australians. He was at the Northern Territory in the early stages of its history, and was compelled to leave through ill- health. The immediate cause of death was inflammation of the lungs, which carried the sufferer off after a very brief illness. It is, perhaps, as well (remarks the Argus) that Mr Langton has postponed until Tuesday next his motion for an enquiry into the Mills-cum-Stutt affair. Fresh facts are daily coming to light which show the impera tive necessity of an investigation by a select committee of tho House. It now appears that Elisha Smith, who for the moderate sum of 5s wrote the letter purporting to bo addressed by Mills to Mr Stutt, is an official in the Lands Department, is also connected by marriage with Mr Stutt, and that the letter was written in the City Buffet, Mr Stutt himself being present a consi derable portion of the time. Mr Mills also states that he promised Mr Stutt £100 if he succeeded in getting the land for him. In fact, the case has assumed so serious an aspect that the House cannot possibly let it rest where it is. The light in which Mr Stutt re gard.? the affair may be gathered from a statement made by him to a member of the House on Wednes day evening after he had finished his speech, that if an investigation were granted ho would at once resign. We (Argus) have mado enquiries as to the smothered sheep brought to Melbourne on Friday night by train from one of the intermediate stations between Sand hurst and Melbourne, and have been informed that they were smothered in a paddock near Woodend, late on Thursday night; that they, were trucked the fol lowing night, and as the weather was cold they were perfectly fresh; that the number was 175, not 300, and they were brought to Melbourne to be boiled down, and have been so disposed of, as there was no convenience for boiling down at Woodend. His Honor Judge Williams on Thursday delivered the judgment of the court upon the points reserved in the case of Mungovau, convicted of perjury for having mado a false declaration as a selector under the Land Act. It will be remembered that Mungovau was liberated on bail, to appear when called upon to receive judgment. Their Honors have decided tho case on the primary objection, viz., that a false volun tary declaration not made under, or required, or authorised by law to be made, does not come within the scope of the law so as to constitute perjury. Therefore, as the prisoner's declaration was not re quired by any act of Parliament, but only by the usage and practice of one of the departments of the Govern ment, they have decided that the conviction was wrong and ought to be quashed. His Honor Judge Williams subsequently made the remark that the de cision may be regarded as of considerable importance in connection with land legislation. Notwithstanding very unfavorable weather, the Theatre Royal was crowded on Friday night, the was enthusiastic, and received~Mr Talbot most gene rously, a compliment the artist acknowledged several times during the evening. The following was the cast:—Rob Roy Macgregor Campbell, Mr Henry Tal bot; Bailie Nieol Jarvie, Mr Lachlan M'Gowan; Major Galbraith, Mr Searle; Mr Owen, .Mr Noble; Francis Osbaldiston, Mr Bennett; Captain Thornton, Mi Daniels; Dougal, Mr Milne; Rashleigh Osbaldiston, Mr R. W. Lawrence; Sir Frederick Yernon, Mr Cicsar; MaoStuart, Mr Harrison; Sergeant, Mr Sinclair; Robert, Miss Hetty; Hamish, Miss Burton; Helen Macgregor, Mrs E. Holloway; Diana Vernon, Mrs Lachlan M'Gowan; Mattie, Miss Kate Ryder; Jean M Alpine, Mrs Gill; Martha, Miss Charlotte Raleigh, lhanks to the facile pencil of Mr Freyberger, some very nice scenery had been prepared for the occasion, and the general appointments of the stage, and the orchestra were well attended to. Towards the close some seven members of the Caledonian Society made their appearance on the stage and took part in tho dances and groupings, with no little effect, though at the outset there was some clumsiness visible. The piper was a decided acquisi tion. As may be expected, Mr Talbot's Rob Roy is one of his best impersonations. It would be strange %vere it otherwise, bearing in mind that his original reputation is Scotch, and that he has made sundry Scotch characters his especial study. But apart from this, it must be acknowledged that Mr Talbot has adopted all the traditional points, and added them to his own independent rendering of tho character. The result is a very impressive presentation—never des cending to the commonplace, much less reaching to anything like extravagance. Tho character is a sin gular one, and requires a great diversity of ability to represent it well in all its varied phases, but we think that all these different moods are well represented and sustained. The drama, notwithstanding it3 re markable popularity, is of llimsy construction; but it includes a number of characters which demand good acting from each, and hence the interest that always attendsits production. Of the way in which tho music was rendered on Friday evening, the less that is said the better, but in almost every other respect Mr Talbot may be said to have been well supported. As the Dougal Creature, Mr Milne was admirable, while Mr Noble, as Mr Owen, nearly fulfilled the expectations of those who have painted that character duriii" a perusal of Sir Walter Scott's novel. After Mr Talbot's success, the most remarkable was that of Mr M Gowan, who, as the Bailie Nicol Jarvie, was the very life of the piece during tho greater portion of its continuance. Besides excellent acting, Mr M'Gowan possesses the Salt- market dialect and twang to the very life, and his impersonation was a decided success. Wo need not say that Mrs Holloway made an excellent Helen Macgregor, or that she delivered tho patriotic speeches allotted to her with pathos and force. At the close, Mr M'Gowan thanked the audience on behalf of Mr Talbot, and stated that he would next week re-appear for six nights, and, on one of these occasions, as Rob Roy. This evening Mr Talbot will appear as Othello. 