DALBY. [FROM OUR OWN COir.ESPONDEKT.l . j Sensation stones are the rage everywhere, and 1 in order tr- be in the fashion, Dalby now records ite ? j tale of harrowing business, with perhaps a novel end* I ing. The facts are brief, and the denouement stert- I liiig. On Moiday last, a gentleman well know t for . j hie iin.hity stated that he had saen a woman hang- -1 iug Ly the neck to a, tree in a paddock near the J cemctry. The ' unfortunate' seemed to have com- j mittcd the rash act by getting on to a stump close -1 ai hand, and frori thence appeared to have taken ;i the fatal leap. - -ur informant being in the train at the time could only see what I have described above, but this was enough to cause a sensation, and oae gentleman started as soon as possible for the tragic scene. ' 'n reaching t\\-e spot (so well deacrflrad as tu admi* nf no doubt of its identity) he made the necessary inqu-ries and came feome satisfied. The supposed suicide was alive and well ; had never takcl a double sensation header into the land of . ghosts from a stump or elsewhere ; but suggested the actual solution -if the .natter by stating that she had hail a nigh,t-gown hanging out to dry at. the time mentioied ! The sittings of the District Court for tits western division of the colony will open to day. Of crimi nal cases for trial there are only six, namely, Henry ?„ Trevathan,' larcency; William ltobertson, iiorae stealing- Ju'in Ltder, horse stealing; John Loder, maliciously killing ; John Devire, larcency ; and James McCarthy, larcency. *'q the civil side severalcauseswill be bean'., but I am not acquainted with particulars. As the convincing day draws nearer, the people more especially interested in horse- racing get more and more excited, and the course, at early mom, is numeieusly attended by all those who havesuJBment iaterett in tVe country mee&-y to cause them to get out of bed. There us no doubt as to the success of the meeting as applied to the .-um'«r of horses tliat will run, nr the production of the money; and if the. weather sb. .uM prove propitious— as it threatens not to do— cve-yt'ii ig will, doubtless, go of welL This will (jive reas» i for-iuch satisfaction to all ennoemed, as the getting up oil annual races in Dalby was des paired of by many whn had a lively recollection of the reason wliy tiie meetings were discontinued years agu. At the i-res-mt time the weather ia fine, but the peculiar clouds that have hung in the sky for a couple of -L)yn past give the weather-wise a reason to look ou. for squalls. I ho^tc we will not $et any rain before the n-eeti'i£, as it would cpset the aflaii', and, what is decidedly a more serous matter, injure the prospects of the Ciurcb of E g land bazaar, which is to come off during the race week. Mr. J. C. Anderson, tpneval inspector of Public Schools, seems well pleased with the estsblistene.it here, and not at all without cause. There were. 55 pupils only in attendance at this school in Janua.-jt, 1868, and at the end of il'at year t'lere were '213:. The school opened in this year after the Christmas - and New Year holidays, with 127 pupils, and .the attendance at June 30th last was 230. The average attendance for 1S37 16 givei at 58.9, for 1868 at 108.9, and for the six iuo,.tlis ended on the 30th June last at 123:3. These figures will convince of the necessity for increaseil accommodation. The present buildi jg is literally cra'umed, and would be conve jieut for a girl's schwel if a new building were erected for the buys. There ib plenty of room, and the necessity fur separati jg tho boys from the girls recommends itself to every one. I offer no apology for troubling you with these facto, as they involve a matter of national importance ; and in concluding these few remarks I have to bear hearty testimony to the ability, zeal, and urbanity of Mr. P. Walker, the head-master. I have heard of 'a four-wheel horse and coach for sale, 'but never saw any such announcement until last Saturday, when there appetted an adver tisement in the local thiuiderer of ' one Melbourne cab, one piebald pony, and other household furni ture,' to be disposed of by auction. A pony in a house would be nothing particularly startling, un less the brute kicked about indiscriminately, out a Melbourne car would certainly be a curiosity in the household furniture line. However, it is a fine, free, British country we live in, and tiie English lauguage is part of a Briton's birthright, as every body kuows. - We are all going to the race ball on the 8th so *%U will know what is the matter if you do not receive your usual letter from Ualhy about that time. I am convinced that there are two headaches, dys pepsia for a week, bile, corns, bunions? and all manner of bitternesses to be obtained at events of this kind, and 1 am going in for a stock. Black eyes are not in my line, but if I make acquaintance with a few it will not surprise me. If ever you tried to unravel a railway time table you mu st know that such productions are distributed to the public on the lutiis a wm lucendo principle. The desire seems to be to blind people by an aglom meration of beastly broken- necked figures mth asterisks, daggers, and other deadly and perplexing fiddle fuddle attached, and foot cotes to correspond. . But, I ask, could not a railway time table be made' understandable ? Surely there is sufficient intelli gence in the liaUway office to couooct a book or sheet containing information for the people on a plain straightforward e»sy principle ; and when such a production is duly incubated it would be * wise if the proper authorities were to issueit instead of the sent jaw-breaker kind of abortion It present iu (ab)use. No one can make head or Ofil of the question whether a return ticket can be issued from Dalby to any other station, and if anyone asks the station master it will be found that he does not kimw either. On application to head-quarters the pml table answer will be a reference to either the * station master or the time table, and aaona.ii ut terly ignorant of how to solve the problem, and tin other would drive one mad in the attempt to do sov the general public quietly snbside, and* like an un fortuuate beggar, takes whatever it can got ! . ? . ? : ? , ? _ nr The niaguificeut yield of 46 tons of stone from No. 1 imrtli. One Mile tteet (Qillan and A party), of course, throws every other event * somewhat in the shade. When the retain was sent in to us the whole of the gold had not been retorted, but it was expected to weigh nearly 2600 ounces. One cab alone weighed. 1127 ouuees. For a considerable time very heavy gold has been taken out from bothiNd. l- north and No. S uorth. Oue Mile Beet It way be stated that the holders of the first-mentioned : *? daimhavestiU&largequautityofgoldepeciniens.; Although there has been, to as* a commercial i* phrase* 'great inquiry' for good news front the- ., Jilbert, the supply of eatisGactnry «**twi-n ' J&- has not been equal to the demand. O0mb~ ^L -* qnetitly, thero are not msay sjtstttsag swwg fas». i*» J| Qympie at present; tiiM&& tosMliL tl»«-ft- f W ceipt of &vDuraMe; iatdUgBas*v«fl tentfaV effect of inducing* few BMn«rl»sa1#BM«Uftf- __ g very well here to pack up and »afa ? sasat ftc.- ^tffeA -*™ thedLjtMtGUbertRMge.-^»|Affae».. W'jptiUin'' 