PROMINENT TOPICS. On the question of small-pox or chickenpox. opinions are multiplying, but Dr« Mc'Crea is losing ground, and the Medical Association gaining supporters; all the lata accessories being iu favour of the small-pox theory. Dr. Molony, of the hospital, and Dr. Girdlestone, the city health officer, besides several other gentlemen who have felt constrained by a sense of professional importance to have a word on the vexed and disagreeable subject, have pronounced in favour—rather in support— of the small-pox opinion. But beyond this there is little or no further cause for alarm. A report of pox of some kind, about which a resident medical man desired to have the opinion of another practitioner, came in from Heidelberg on Monday; but pox; of whatever kind it may bo, there is the same uncertainty about it as exists with regard to the cases at the Immigration Hospital. Bnfc in the mean time it is satisfactory to know that no new cases have broken out, and that two of the patients have been pronounced convalescent. Indeed, one of them has been discharged cured. Tlie City Council has mildly protested against an hospital forstiiallox being-established in the centre of the town, but they could not help giving the sickness that ugly name, as their health officer favours the view of tlie case thus implied. ,' There lias been more correspondence on the subject, and the public have had the opinions of several additionalmedieal men who had seen and treated innumerable cases of the kind in the course of their long and arduous professional careers. It is fortunate that we have amongst us at this critical time medical men who, without an exception, appear to have spent most of their lives in the treatment of small-pox cases; but how would it be if any other virulent infectious disease broke out iu the city? l'or they really must have had very little time to attend to any other form of contagious disease. Ah, well, the best way to enjoy a blessing we possess is not to trouble ourselves about a misfortune which is not upon us. Let us be thankful that we have such an able band of chicken-pox defenders in our present doctors, and not think how it might be with us if any other than they had emigrated to these shores. How might it be if we had got a batch of the men' who know all about scarlet fever, and had devoted so much of their time to it that thev had had no time to attend to chicken or small pox. Let us be thankful—and joyful too. It was said some time past that gentlemen from whom such interference could not have been expected were endeavouring by indirect means to discourage Mr. Alexander from prosecuting his libel-action against Mr. C. E. Jones. \V« believ.j that at the instance of one of,Mr. Jones's friends a tacit disapproval of'Mr. Alexander's perseverance falls upon him'froni i a quarter not wholly without influence over his every-day actions; and it is said that if this tacit disapproval escapes observation something that cannot be unperceived will follow- From the circumstances to which we allude we do not think it is at all. certain that the action will come to trial. We do not ivisli to citivcy the slightest distrust of tlie plaintiff's present intentions, but we apprehend that he is not in a position to act with entire independence in the matter. But the case will be watchcd closejy, and if he should he tampered with, the discredit of such conduct will fall on the light shoulders. However undesirable it may be to Mr. Jones that the action should come on for trial it could scarcely affect his position less that it had been settled. The CoUingwood Observer in some strictures upon Mr. Jones's conduct refers to the subject. After charging him with being at the head of a sort of " Rump Cabineti" composed of himself, Mr. Vale, and Mr. G. V. Smith, it says that the said "Hump" have "elected him to be Chief Sccvctaay after Alexander is bought up, burst up, crimped, kidnapped, or otherwise finally settled and- disposed of;" and further repeats a statement previously made that " Mr. C. E. Jones had been expelled from an orange lodge iand that such expulsion had been continned." It may be inferred from the indulgence with which the Sandhurst Industrial School Committee were recently treated at the interview with the responsible head of the department, that no complaint would be raised against them on slight grounds. And it may be also assumed that unless there were good grounds for complaint, the occasion for it would be overlooked. What, then, must have been the condition of the poor orphan children who were removed to Melbourne, when under such circumstances it has leaked out, that in regard to cleanliness the children had been neglected ? A nice place the Sandhurst Industrial School would be for them under an almost total deprivation of religious instruction, and neglected in the matter of personal'cleanliness. There would soon, perhaps, he a repetition of what occurred in the worst times at some other Industrial schools. Really the more light that is thrown upon this matter the more reason there appears to be to rejoice that the poor children were not under any expressions of regret, and promises of amendment on the part of the Sandhurst Committee, left any longer under their nonpaternal care. We regret to learn through the Ministerial organ that the suspension of Mr. J. P. Hanify from office, " on account of his having by his conduct rendered himself unfit to continue in the Civil Service, was resolved upon," on Tuesday. We infer from the manner in which the announcement has been made that the Government were successful in their efforts to discover that Mr. Hanify is not altogether clear of debt; but we do not think that the public will approve of the systemi of espionage exercised by particular members of the Ministry over the private affairs of officers of the Civil Service obnoxious to them. It is an inexcusable hardship to dismiss men from the service, without warning, on a pretext -of this kind. The least that should have been done after the hard times through which the civil servants passed was, to give them sonic previous notice that the provisions of the Act relating • to the pecuniary position of officers would be enforced. Such a power as the Government is now exercising might be employed in a most flagitious manner, and not without reason there is a growing suspicion. that it is used to punish gentlemen who offended by not worshipping-the sun. The telegrams are singularly devoid of Irish ' news. That 38 Tories and 07 Liberal members constitute the new ^presentation of Ireland in the Reformed House of Commons is the principal if not the only item of consequence. Lord Chancellor O'Hagan is the first Catholic Chancellor of Ireland for centuries; indeed, until the passing of a late Act of the Imperial Parliament no Catholic could occupy the position. Sir Colman Michael O'Loghlen, the son of the first Catholic Judge, Sir Michael O'Loghlen, who was appointed in Ireland since the penal time, has been Selected for the Irish Attorney-Generalship. Mr. Monsell, Under Secretary of the Colonies, is the only other Catholic whose name figures in the new Gladstone-Bright Ministry. A few Catholic appointments, doled out by English Ministers, will not satisfy the wants and grievances of the Irish nation. We must wait until May next for proofs of the sincerity and earnestness of Mr. Gladstone in respect to Ireland. The latest Sydney telegraphic intelligence informs us of two very interesting events. Mr. Henry Parkes has been elected to the office of President of the Council of Education. Under such auspicious patronage what a pcrfect system : of education the territory of Ifew 'South Wales must enjoy 1 If' Mr. Parkes be allowed the uncontrolled administration of.'thcv schools, .tye may soon expect to hear of. avcompliete rerision df .the books of instruction,.excluding .everything religious; and we may expect .to. heat in time' to come of the abolition of the ton commandments. appears adapted for the office ot monitor in a school of Fagins, or to act as a subordinate official of tho minor penal department, than for the 1'rcsidcncy of tho Council of Education of the State. Men of honour or of principle are usually selected for posts of honour, and in educational matters more especially men of character. The confidence of the public ought to be in some measure taken into account. Of whom, then, is Mr. Henry Parkcs the clcct ? The state of education— its morality and its influences—must indeed be at the lowest ebb of degradation in New South Wales, when such as he presides over it. Parkcs is remarkable as President of Education, and for a great mauy negative virtues, but principally he is remarkable as the representative in Parliament of Kiama. Parkes' celebrated ghost hails from Kiama. It is well known that the old practice of sending anonymous threatening letters is in favour with Orange lodges. Bnllarat, Sydney, and Kiama are famous for that work. The next interesting item refers to Mr. Gray, of Kiama. He has distinguished himself and contributed to the sensational events of the day by reporting that he had been shot at. The ijl-directcd bullet that was to kill Gray lodged in the saddle. Gray was saved! We believe as much in Gray's attempted murder as the people of New South Wales now believe in Parkes' ghost. This time Gray has been burnt out. His extensive property in Kiama, value £400, has been tired by an incendiary. The value was not so great, however, as to completely ruin him. But then Gray was insured ! The insurance office and not Gray has been the victim. This is consolatory, especially to Gray, and instead of being a victim, he is no doubt a considerable gainer. Wc have seen that Parkcs' instruments were the lowest offscourings of the colonial gaols here and in New South Wales; his friends and principal supporters at Kiama appear to be worthy of then- representative. 