NEWS OF THE WEEK. We have had heavy and almost continous rain during the greater part of the present week in the Gundagai district. All the dried watercourses have become miniature torrents, the creeks have been filled, the Murrumbidgee has come down bank high, and the flats in front of the township have been cut up into islands with streams meandering between them. On Friday the weather appeared to have taken up, and the river began to fall and nature's general aspect of dampness to disappear. This rainfall has rejoiced the hearts of our pastoral and agricultural residents, and has indeed been hailed with satisfaction by all classes. Among other benefits it will cleanse Morley's and Jones' Creek from the impurities that have accumulated there during the recent spell of drought, and will replenish them with pure water, which is no slight contribution to the general health and comfort of the residents of the township. A notification in the 'Government Gazette' empowers Mr. A. C. S. Rose to exercise the special powers given to Magistrates by the 2nd clause of the Clerk of Petty Sessions Act of 1857, for a period of two years from the 1st September in Gundagai, Adelong, Coota- mundra, Tumut, amd Tumburumba. The following conditional purchases were effected at the Gundagai Land Office on Thursday:—John Jenkins 72 acres, Nangus, County Clarendon; William Field 40 acres Muttama, County Harden. Two mishaps occurred on Saturday last. As the Tumut and Adelong coach was passing near Mr. Johnston's station that afternoon, 'en route' for the Crossing Place, portion of the ironwork broke and caused the swingle- tree to fall on the horses' legs. They bolted and swerved, bringing one of the wheels of the vehicle in contact with a stout sapling, and finally got loose and ran off into the bush. The driver and a young lady who was on the box seat were thrown to the ground, but not injured, and Mr. A. Graham, of Adelong, who was the other passenger, retained his position. The Rev. Mr. Stead, who came up just after the accident had occurred, conveyed the intelligence to the contractor at the Crossing place, who at once sent forward another coach to carry the passengers to their destination. On the same day while Mr. J. Hay, of Gocup, was crossing the Gilmore flat, which was flooded, his horse got off the causeway, fell, and submerged its rider. Assistance being at hand Mr. Hay was brought to dry land, and sustained no permanent injury from his ducking. We regret to state that the bunyip that used to live in a pool in the Murrumbidgee near Gundngai, seems to have quitted his old quarters; but we learn that a ghost has come to dwell amongst us, possibly as compensation for the above loss. We cannot as yet indicate the spectre's residence, if it has one; but the culvert familiarly termed Bennett's folly, on the sideling of Mount Parnassus, seems one of its haunts, as we have been informed that on Sunday evening last a gentleman resident in our locality who was riding past this spot was there confronted by the supernatural visitant. It rose apparently from under the culvert, tall, shadowy, and with a livid phosphoric light playing about it, such as a bad fish hung in a dark place exhibits. As the shape approached the startled steed reared, and the rider's hair stood on end; but the apparation seemed to pass under the horse, and disappeared with a faint hollow sound, like a distant dying groan. We need not say that the horseman made all haste to quit the spot; but we may add that another party avers that he has seen this spectre in the same place, that it passed him by like a flash of fire, and that he thought his whiskers were singed off by it. So far this is satisfactory; every place ought to be celebrated for something, and a well authenticated local ghost would add considerably to our town- ship's reputation. During the present week the usual quarterly circuit meeting in connection with the Wesleyan body in the district has been held in Gundagai. Amongst accepted tenders mentioned in the 'Government Gazette' is that of Mr. James Francis for repairs, &c.;, to the Court- house, Gundagai. It is clear that the repairs to the Court house can scarcely be commenced before the time for holding the next General Sessions in the building—the 15th November —arrives, and it is therefore most necessary that in the interval something should be done to the ceiling, which is in such a dangerous state near the entrance that a notice has been put up warning persons not to stand there. In some way this ought to be temporarily supported until the plaster is permanently removed. Another of these hopeless cases showing the result of the improvidence and intemper- ance of many of our labouring classes came before the Gundagai Bench on Thursday. The facts are as follows:—Some weeks ago an infirm old shepherd named Lawrence Paynter came into the township, and having sold his dog and drank the money was afterwards found lying on the flat, under the bridge, in a miserable state of weakness and disease. He was admitted into the hospital, most in- sufficiently clad and covered in vermin, received medical attendance there, had some new clothes given to him, and was discharged as being at least partially cured. The poor wretch, who was suffering from old age, destitution, and a constitution broken by in- temperance—evils which no doctor's skill can remedy—was afterwards found on the Sydney road, a little way from the township, lying on the ground in a puddle of water, and there, it appeared he had passed the previous night. The Magistrates sentenced him to seven days' imprisonment, and when he comes out of the lock-up he will be in the same position as when he was committed. This is only one of many cases showing how severely reckless improvidence and intemper- ance in the season of health and strength have to be atoned for when old age and sickness arrive. We have been informed that the Rev. Thomas Druitt, of Cooma, contemplates paying a visit to the Tumut district shortly, and will on that occasion hold service there. Mr. M. Langford, J.P., has, the 'Govern- ment Gazette' intimates, been appointed by their Honors the Judges to give consent to the marriage of minors within the district of Tumbarumba. The 'Wagga Wagga Express' intimates that Mr. Sognies, bookseller and fancy goods salesman of that town, has called a meeting of his creditors and assigned his estate. On Wednesday evening the usual monthly meeting of the Hospital Committee was held in the board room of that establishment. Several accounts were passed, a sum of money was voted for the purchase of necessary articles of furniture for the use of the wards, and the treasurer was empowered to arrange with Mr. F. Morano, to collect subscriptions in aid of the funds of the institution. The visiting committee for the ensuing month are Messrs. Ranken, Phillips, and Mackins. The recent heavy rain and consequent flooded state of the rivers and creeks in these districts has nearly caused some serious accidents. We have recorded the mishap that befel Mr. J. Hay, of Gocup, and our Adelong correspondent mentions a similar misadventure in that locality. On Friday last as Mrs. Murphy and her father, Mr. Robert Riley of Gundagai, were going to Tumut on horseback, in crossing the Gilmore causeway her horse tripped against the culvert and fell, throwing her into the deep water. In falling her habit became entangled in the horn of her saddle, and being torn asunder spread out on the water, and kept her afloat. Meantime Mr. Riley urged his horse into the stream to his daughter's assistance, and having succeeded in extricating her, uninjured but thoroughly drenched, the pair pursued their journey to Tumut. We have also heard that a son of the Rev. D. P. M. Hulbert's came to grief and his horse drowned in a creek near Kimo, and we may mention as another unpleasant incident con- nected with the floods that several horses have been driven off the Gundagai flat where they generally depasture and have not since been seen. Among the Parliamentary notices of motion we perceive that Mr. E. Brown is to ask the Secretary for Public Works,—What course do the Government intend to take with reference to the claim of Mr. George Williams, of South Gundagai, for £108 10s., for construct- ing a river boat, for which proper vouchers were furnished to the Works Department and approved by the late Minister, but for which payment has hitherto been denied to Mr. Williams, owing to the loss of the papers by Government officials. We perceive that the Simonsens have been giving concerts at Geelong with great success, and the Carandinis are at present delighting the Albury folks. Probably the latter com- pany will pay Gundagai a visit. We regret to say that an illustration of the tendency some people have to appropriate the linen of others has been furnished in this locality. One night last week the linen of the family of Mr. James Plows, Stony Creek, South Gundagai, including sheets, tablecloths, &c.;, which had been washed, and hung out to dry, vanished like a baseless fabric from the lines on which they had been suspended. We trust the sneaking thieves who committed the offence will be detected and suitably punished. Among the list of lapsed conditional purchases in the 'Government Gazette' we find the following:—Gundagai.—John Ray 74 acres, County Clarendon; Edward Quinlan 100 acres, County Harden. Tumut—John C. McDonald 40 acres; Edmund C. Body 197 acres, County Buccleugh: John Wilton 60 acres, George Tucker 40 acres, County Wynyard. Also among persons permitted to purchase improved land:Adelong—William Parker senr.; James Tonkin, and John Tonkin, 2 acres each. In our fourth page will be found the con- clusion of the new mining regulations, which, with some additions, are chiefly an epitome of those of 1861. Some improvements are of course effected, such as the introduction of regulations 16, and from 56, to 59, &c.; The provision contained in clause 81, will tend to check the system of shepherding carried on under the old system, although the number of men to be employed is still not sufficient to test the character of large areas, and other amendments are apparent; but the regulations are often loosely drawn. They abolish the ministerial powers conferred on honorary Justices of Peace by Mr. Wilson's regulations of 1866; but the judicial power still remains in the hands of Courts of Petty Sessions and Justices of the Peace, nor can they be stripped of these, except by a repeal of the Gold- Fields Act now in force. Their general tendency is to render it necessary to have a resident Police Magistrate at all important Gold- fields. The 'Albury Banner' states that Osbaldiston who was arrainged in that township for stealing a horse from Tumut is the person who purloined the Duke of Edinburgh's jewellery at Adelaide. This person is a saddler by trade, and was working for a time in Gunda- gai and latterly in Tumut. We are glad to note that the wanton ex- travagance of the so-called "retrenchment" Ministry as regards the erection of the new Parliamentary refreshment room has been justly censured in the House. Having deprived country postmasters and registrars of their scanty and hardly earned salaries, and country districts of the services of officials so necessary as Police Magistrates; and having further proposed to utilize the last remains of strength of aged inmates of our Benevolent Asylums,andto board out lunatics cheaply, these sham economists have no hesitation in sanction- ing the expenditure of £5000 or so in the metropolis for a needlessly gorgeous chamber for senators to dine and liquor-up in. It is plain that the old refreshment room was quite sufficient for such purposes, and we may judge from this waste of public money merely for the better gratification of hon. members' propensities, what likelihood there is of future retrenchment as regards the salaries of 'high officials' being carried out. The chiefs of the present Administration are ready enough to take from those who have; little that which they have; but there, it will be found their economical spirit will cease. A magisterial inquiry has been held on a human skeleton found in the bush about twenty miles from Forbes, supposed to have remained undiscovered for two or three years. Letters have been received at Melbourne stating that there is a probability of a line of French steamers being laid on from Galle to Australia and New Caledonia. The 'Yass Courier' states that a yonng man named John Griffen, well known in the neighbourhood of Marengo, has been arrested by the Cowra police upon the charge of sticking-up Mr. Iceley's store, with two others, one a wooden-legged man. He had not long been off Cockatoo, where he had been serving a sentence of seven years for horse stealing. On Saturday night, a special train from Mount Victoria, with thirty-seven trucks, loaded with sheep, was through the careless- ness of the driver very near causing what might have been a serious accident, involving human life, by running into Parramatta station at full speed, whilst the evening train which arrives from Penrith at 8.26 p.m. was still standing in the station. Fortunately no further damage was experienced than a great fright to the passengers and the railway officers. The 'Tamworth Examiner' states that a hawker named Gordon, reported to the police that he was robbed by two armed bushrangers on the Mehi. They are said to have bailed-up Gordon and his mate and to have taken £10 in cash from them. One of the robbers is reported to have ordered the hawker and his mate into the scrub while the other ransacked the dray, from which he took a quantity of clothing and then burned the dray with the remainder of the property. About £160 in cheques and notes was concealed in the body of the dray, but Gordon cannot say whether these were taken or burned. No description has been given of them. He estimates his loss at about £500. On Monday the Belmore Bridge, at West Maitland, was opened by Mrs. Mullen, wife of the Mayor. The Hon. J. Robertson and the Hon. J. Sutherland were present. There was a procession of volunteers, fire brigade and friendly societies, with two bands of music. By order of his Excellency the Governor a despatch is published in the 'Gazette' from the Principal Secretary of State for the Colonies, notifying the approval of Her Majesty to Mr. George Macleay receiving the distinction of a Companionship of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. Earl Granville refers to Captain Sturt's services as an explorer, which but for his sudden death would have been recognised by the distinction of Companionship of the Order, and adds that it was very pleasing to him to be able to submit to Her Majesty the name of Mr. G. Macleay, who had been the companion of Captain Sturt in one of his earliest expeditions when tracing the River Murray, and her Majesty was pleased to approve of his receiving the distinction of a Companionship of the Order. The 'Lachlan Reporter,' commenting on the establishment of a Free Library in Sydney, hopes the institution will not be allowed to degenerate into a mere state fiction library, where new sensational novels can be obtained at the minimum of cost to the reader. Our contemporary addds—"We speak thus from our knowledge of the mode of supplying the libraries of institutions of a similar character that figure on the yearly estimates for £100 a year, more or less each, that the major part of these sums are actually employed in purchas- ing works of fiction, which in nearly every case form the staple of those libraries. There is something remarkable in State Aid being asked for such a purpose, and what is more astounding still, is the fact that it is usually granted as a matter of course as being one of the good things which a paternal government is bound to supply the people. The 'Wagga Waggn Express' gives some details of the examination of Mr. T. D. Scott junr., late post and telegraph master of that township, at an adjourned meeting of creditors in his estate. When insolvent was appointed telegraph-line inspector there, about three years before, it seems he owed £25 or so; but when he was appointed postmaster his debts had increased to £223, his salary in the mean time being £150 per annum, with an allowance of forage for his horse. Since his appoint- ment an postmaster insolvent admitted his income altogether to have been from £400 to £450 a year, but his debts had swelled to £644, £200 of which was borrowed money. He had never kept any books, nor after he was insolvent had he endeavoured to estimate his expenditure. Several debts were proved, insolvent's wearing apparel was voted to him, and the meeting closed. Attention is being strongly drawn at Adelaide by Sir J. Fergusson and others, to the value of the Indian markets for colonial produce; it is proposed to send a sample cargo, including one thousand sheep, one hundred tons of flour, an assortment of wines, jams, &c.; James Watson, for murder, has been for warded from Wagga Wagga to Bathurst. The 'Wagga Wagga Advertiser' says:—We regret to learn that the steamer Murrumbidgee was snagged near Hay and sunk, having on board 170 bales of Messrs. Waller and Gorton's wool, uninsured. This is a most deplorable catastrophe both as regards Messrs. Waller and Gorton, and the prospects of river navigation. On the 30th ult., his Excellency the Governor opened the Free Public Library (formerly the Australian Subscription Library) in Bent-street, Sydney. A large assemblage of ladies and gentlemen were present on the occasion, and his Excellency made an appro- priate speech. The 'Courier' states that a private letter received intimates that Yass is to have n Cirscuit Court held there, the first jsession of which will probably be in March or April next. A telegram from Melbourne states that Mr. McCulloch and his partner hold stations to the amount of 375,000 acres, at a rental of £1300 per annum; the greater part of which—it is asserted—was taken up in contemplation of the construction of the Ovens line of railway, and chiefly reserved from selection. This circumstance has been strongly commented on by some of the Victorian journals. In a former issue we gave the particulars of the mysterious disappearance of £1000 worth of £5 notes from the Maitland Branch of the Bank of New South Wales. The police have been utterly at fault in their efforts to trace these notes, which is not a matter for much surprise, inasmuch as the numbers and dates of the notes are unknown. Mr. Adams and Mr. Gibson, the accountant and teller of the Bank, have been dismissed from their situa- tions, on the plea that the notes could not have been stolen unless they were guilty of gross carelessness. A Glasgow paper states on unquestionable authority, that the English Government has refused to acknowledge Captain James Haggerty, the recently appointed United States consul at Glasgow, in consequence of his having taken part in the Fenian organisa- tion in America. 