English Mail, It is not unlikely that our readers will experience a sensation of relief when the Irish Church bill has received the Royal assent, and, while left to work out its own destiny, test the practical wisdom or the reverse of the statesmanship under which it was originated. The English papers are still full of the subject. The seething caul dron of public discussion exhibits as much as ever the ' double, double, toil and trouble,' which characterise all questions relating to Ireland, and especially to the Irish priesthood. A month ago we were made aware that the Lords had joasscd the second reading, but the Protestant public then shared a hope with the Archbishop of Canterbury that the bill, however bad in itself, might be shaped into something better. Accordingly there has been no lack of amend ments, some of which have been carried by very large majorities. Then we hear that the bill has been sent down to the Commons, and we hear farther that Mr. Gladstone has successfully resisted every amendment that has a tendency to alter the principle of the bill. It 'does not appear that the labours of the peers and the splendid oratory of the Earl of Derby and Bishop Magee have been altogether fruitless, but the issue strongly reminds us of an anecdote of the great Napoleon. The Emperor is said on one occasion to have allowed his correspondence to accumulate for several days, the letters being left unopened. When the seals were at length broken and the letters read, the Emperor remarked to his secretary, ' See how many of these letters answer each other, and spare the trouble of a reply.' So is it with the amendments : they are like the positive and negative quantities in an algebraic formula, that by their mutual destruction leave an insignificant result at last. In these latitudes we read these great discussions as history, and feel more interest in the principles debated rather than in the precise bargain made for the disendowed clergy. We may nevertheless feel considerable interest in reviewing the strategical efforts even of those who fought on the losing side. Ibish Church Bill. — Although the last mail brought most of the leading speeches on the second reading, as well as the result of t^e division, there were several Avhich have only now come to hand. That of the Bishop of Lichfield, for example, was the effort of one who fought manfully for the beleaguered Church, but it is one which in many points disappointed even his best Mends. He was thankful to the noble duke (Argyll) for the excellent advice which he had given the right rev. bench, but he did not personally need it, for he had been disestablished and disendowed fourteen years ago. Ten or twelve years before that he wast the sole Bishop of New Zealand, whereas now there were six or seven sees in that colony ; and there fore it might be supposed he had no prejudice in favour of endow ments. He should, however, vote against the bill, because he objected to its principle, and to almost everyone of its details : — 'The United Church of England and Ireland is one Church, and I see no reason why that union should be dissolved, just as the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland is one kingdom, and I sec no reason why that union should be repealed. But I hope, my lords, that you will not think I am going to defend abuses. I am ready to join my olcl friend Mr. Gladstone in cutting out all abuses, root and branches, and I believe I am as great a Radical in that respect as he. But lam not prepared to admit that the establishment of any part of the English Church in Ireland is in itself an abuse. That, I beiievc, is the prin ciple of this bill, and underlies every clause of the bill. On the sub ject of disendowment I will say very little, because I believe you are tired almost to death with hearing so much about stipends, 'life in terests, parsonage-houses, glebes, and all those matters which are called the accidents of spiritual things, in which my habits of life have given me very little interest at all V But disendowment struck him as a very ugly word : — ' It seems to me a very ugly word, while that which I thoroughly approve is a good constitutional system of Church reform, and that system has been going on in England and Ireland under the two Commissions, the Ecclesiastical Commission in England, and the Ecclesiastical Commission in Ireland. Not only that, but a Royal Commission has been sitting for the express pur pose of recommendingafurther instalment of reform; and I confess that I share in the sorrow of one of the Commissioners, who rose last night to support the second reading of the bill, that this measure had been introduced before the- public had time to consider the proposals of that Commission. The reasons which he gave for supporting the second reading 'seemed to me to point to the rejection of this' bill, because the public have been called upon to form an opinion upon it without having had the requisite information of what was proposed to be done by the Commission.' The present measure was an attempt on the part of the State to save its pocket at the expense of the Church ; and it was conceived in a very different spirit from that in which Sir R. Peel announced his intention to increase the Maynooth grant without coupling it with any condition that might impair the grace or favour of the Crown. This scheme of disendowment compelled the clergy to pay that which the State ought itself to pay. For disestablishment he had heard no valid ground whatever as yet assigned. For what were the reasons that had been brought forward in support of that portion of the bill ? In the first place it was said that the Established Church in Ireland was a badge of slavery. He had seen how possible it was for the two religions of Ireland to work harmoniously side by side. This feeliug of friendliness arose from the fact that the persons engaged in her Majesty's service had received such a commission as could be granted without reference to any proportion of numbers, and without any attempt to ascertain whether, among the soldiers, the Protestants or the Roman Catholics were the most numerous. ' These appointments I should be content to accept, and if her Majesty should be pleased to call to her councils one who, once a dear brother, is still a dear friend — Archbishop Manning — I should not object, because, whom my Sovereign delights to honour will I also honour. My lords, I have not the slightest hope that any suggestiona of mine will be adopted, but I think it right to say that one member of the Cabinet has suggested similar remedies, and that is Mr. Bright. I am the more thankful tp make this statement after what occurred in your lordships' house yesterday, and I think that your lordships will regard the letter, I have read from that right hon. gentleman this evening as containing good practical wisdom. My lords, I believe this bill to be the beginning of a war against all Establish ments in both Great Britain and Ireland. I believe it to be an in-, fringement of many statutes, a tampering with many oaths, and a violation of many solemn treaties. I believe that it tends naturally to the destruction of God's truth, and therefore, however painful, the necessity lies upon me to vote against the second reading. My lords, I can only repeat the words of Luther — ' Here I stand, 1 cannot do otherwise.' ' In reference to these and other paragraphs of his lordship's speech, the Saturday Review is rather uncomplimentary towards the late metropolitan of New Zealand : — ' His remarks were very queer, very unpractical, and quite out of the usual range of episcopal remarks, but they breathed a spirit of frankness and courage in every word. Other bishops departed more or less from the sphere of secular politics, but he was out of it altogether. What could even the most reverential peer, the most ardent disciple of bishops, make of a speaker who said that he thought that the Irish Church Bill was a bad Bill because he, although a clergyman of the Church of England, had once been invited to share the tent of a Romanist chaplain ; who said that, bad as the Bill was, he yet hoped it might produce at least two good effects — the accordance of a com fortable site in Rome for Anglican worship, and the downfall of the temporal power of the Papacy ; and who finally invited the coming (Ecumenical Council to observe that the spirit of justice which dictated this bad Bill was due to the free preaching of the Gospel in a Protestant country ? Still more astonishing to his hearers must have been the passage in which the Bishop avowed himself an ardent advocate of Mr. Blight's land scheme, apparently conceiving that such people as the Dukes of Devonshire and Abercorn were like Maoris, good wild creatures, who, if properly managed, would retire into uninhabited districts, and leave nice blocks of soil to every deserving settler.' To quiet Protestant people other than the Saturday lievlcw, the desire to ennoble a personal friend who has apostatised from the Anglican communion, and be come the leading prelate of the aggressive Church which he has joined, will be still more ' queer and unpractical.' The Bishop of Ripon spoke wisely and well. Those who remember the Rev. R. Bickersteth as the energetic secretary of the Irish Church Missions, will thankfully recognise the unchanged advocate of Protestant truth. His oratory drew applause not only from the assembled Peers, but from those who were forbidden by special notice to break silence — the strangers in the gallery. He deprecated the passing of the bill as a declaration that the State was indifferent to religious truth : — ' This conclusion I should deplore in the interests of the Church, but still more in the interest of the State itself. I believe there is a national as well as an .individual responsibility. I am of opinion that nations' as well as individuals are morally accountable, and that we cannot ignore this responsibility without challenging the disfavour of God. If we know that all power comes from God. then I cannot see how it can be right for those in possession of power to ignore respon sibility to Him from whom it is derived. And how, I would ask, is a State to exercise this responsibility except by connecting itself with some ecclesiastical organisation?' (Cheers.) 'My belief is that if passed into law it will not have the effect of a feather's weight in producing contentment and peace in Ireland, and in support of this view I would ask in what manner has it already been received by the Irish people ? Has the notice of it been welcomed as an olive-branch of peace, or has it not rather been received as furnishing matter for discord ? Has not the discontent by which that unhappy country has so long been distracted been rather increased than otherwise since the measure has been brought under the consideration of Parlia ment?' The real complaint of the Irish people was with reference to the land ; and it was absurd to think that this bill would redress that question. The Protestant clergy had been very unfairly dealt with : — ' If they confine themselves 'to ministering to the Protestant parishioners of their respective parishes, they are told that the Church , has failed in discharging its missionary obligations ; and if , on the other hand, they have displayed any zeal in endeavouring to gain converts from among the Roman Catholics, they are immediately denounced as firebrands. And yet it must be within the cognisance of all your lordships that there has been a most remarkable revival of fervour and zeal among the Irish clergy of late years, showing itself in increased efforts for the conversion of the Roman Catholic popula tion, and that these efforts have been attended by the most remark able success,' Equality between Roman Catholics and Protestants could not possibly exist : — ' Between the two there is an impassable gulf. We Protestants hold that the Eoman Catholics entertain fun damental errors, and the Church of Rome hurls her anathemas against Protestants for repudiating that which she maintains to be fundamental. The effect of this measure will be to produce, not religious equality, but Romish ascendancy. I believe no other result would follow this measure than to give to Home the ascendancy in Ireland, and therefore the very evil of which the noble earl complains . Would exist even if this bill Avere passed into law.' He did not think it was their duty to seek to amend the measure : — ' If it were merely a question of expediency, and if no moral considerations Avero in volved, I might feel disposed to accept that advice ; but, believing as I do that it involves moral considerations of the highest importance, I cannot prefer expediency to that which is morally right ; believing its I in my conscience do that this bill is not called for by any claim for justice to Ireland, believing that it will not confer any lasting benefit upon that distracted and unhappy portion of the United Empire, believing that it will prove a blow to Protestantism and a triumph to Romanism, bclieA'ing that it will exasperate Protestants without conciliating Romanists, believing, further, that it Avill neces sarily be the precursor to other measures still more disastrous to the Church and the Constitution, believing that the adoption of this measure avouIc! amount to a national sin, and that Avhat is morally wrong can never be politically right, I must enter my protest against the second reading of this bill.' The Lords' Amendments.— The points of difference between the bill as it Avas passed by the Commons, and the same as amended by the Lords, may be seen from the following statement : — ' 1. The bill, as passed by the House of Commons, secured to the bishops and clergy annuities equal to their present incomes ; but allowed them to commute the amounts, according to the value of each life inte rest, with a view to the payment of the commutation to the repre sentative body of the church. The Lords have provided that all the annuities — Avhether the lives be old or young — shall, AA'hethcr the clergy wish it or not, be commuted, and at fourteen years' pur ? chase — a change AA'hich not only interferes with the^free action of the clergy, but will, it is calculated, endoAv the Church with an addi tional £1,200,000. 2. The bill provided that, in calculating the value of the annuities to be received by the clergy, tlie salaries which they xioav pay to their curates, and other payments Avhich lessen their present incomes, should be deducted. The Lords have determined that the clergy shall have compensation for the salaries Avhich they now pay to their curates — except Avherc the employment of curates is required by law — Avhilc the curates will receive compensation for the same sums. The clergy are also to be compensated for a tax amounting to £19,000 a year, Avhich they noAV pay to the ecclesiastical commissioners, and which belongs to the State, as Avell as for other payments which at present are a deduction from their incomes. The effect of these changes is, it is estimated, to give an additional million to the Church. 3\. The bill not only gave the Church all the churches, but all the parsonages, with the gardens attached, on repayment of either the amount of money borroAved for building, or of ten times the value of the sites of the parsonages, Avhichever sum might be smallest. The Lords have given the parsonages and sites Avithout any con dition whatever. This is assumed to be equivalent to a grant of an additional £152,000 to the Church. 4. The bill alloAved the Church to retain all the private endoAvments AA'hich have come into its pos -session since 16G0. The Lords have added all the endowments dating 100 years further back, together Avith the royal grants, or Ulster glebes. These changes give more than an additional £1,000,000 to the Church. 5. That the Irish Church controversy might be finally closed, the bill provided that the surplus property should be applied ' for the advantage of the Irish people,' and ' for the relief of unavoid ? able calamity and suffering ;' but not for the maintenance of any church or clergy, or other ministry, nor for the teaching of religion.' The Lords first struck these Avords out of the preamble, expunged the clause Avhich applied the surplus to charitable uses, and enacted that Parliament should determine hereafter on the appropriation of such surplus ; and afterwards carried an amendment requiring that glebes and manses should be provided also for the Eoman Catholic and Presbyterian clergy.' Bishop op Oxford on ' Concurrent Endowment.' — The question of concurrent endoAvment differs from that of State aid in this colony in the important particular that in the Irish case the source of payment is the property of a Protestant Church: in the ? colonial it is the public treasury to which all contribute, irrespective of religious creed. The argument of the Bishop of Oxford in favour of the former -will suitably apply in reference to our Government grant. The right reverend prelate said that, Avith regard to the question of concurrent endoAvment, he distinguished establishment — which he could not agree to in the case of' Avhat he believed to be error — from endowment. ' The consideration Avhether avc ought to give to different religious teachers sums of money, even from the State funds, stands upon a wholly different footing. We are all ? perfectly familiar Avith the fact that in our great Eastern dominions the State administers funds belonging- to heathen chapels. And the State does right, for Christianity does not call upon you to commit injustice to a man because he is a heathen. It would be the greatest weakness if we made these men official exponents of religious teaching, if we authoritatively instructed the people in their own falsehoods. But it is not mixing ourselves up with falsehood if we let them have that to AA'hich the rules of justice entitle them, although these may entitle them to teachers Avho shall instruct them falsely. And then apply this rule to your Roman Catholic brethren in Ireland. There is no member in this House who feels in his own religious convictioiis a deeper sense of the evils of that part of the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church Avhich differs from the teaching of our own Church, but that teaching is, in its main element, the teach ing of our common Christianity, and if our Roman Catholic brethren Will not be taught in the purer form that I for one should desire, but .will only receive it in the form that they themselves choose to accept, then, I say, the second great objection to dealing with this question as proposed by the noble earl seems to have no real basis.' The Roman Catholic Press on' English Feeling.— The Tahlct thus expresses itself on the present state of affairs : — ' To our grateful thoughts there appears to exist at the present time, in reference to the growing influence of the truth in England, another symptom of Avhich it Avould be difficult to overrate the importance : avc refer, of course, to the entire change in modes of expression, and the great corresponding modification in tone of mind and feeling, Avhich avc notice in so many quarters, or rather on all sides, towards our clergy and our Church. The great heart of England, opening itself to us as to brethren, begins to treat Avith due respect those Avhom avc reverence as fathers. Everywhere do avc find evidences noAV-a-days of this good and generous feeling. Take the subscription list for the building of the Catholic Foreign Missionary College, St. Joseph's, at Mill Hill, and you find an Anglican clergyman contri buting £50, iind his name, too, only one amongst those of many charitable donors of non- Catholic denominations ; look at the Pro testant church door as you pass through Chelsea, and you remark a printed notice that a sermon in support of the claims of St. George's Hospital Avas to be preached (though of course not in that building) by the Catholic Archbishop of Westminster ; turn to the last number of our able Protestant contemporary, the Spectator, and your eye Avill be caught by a suggestion on the second page that it Avould be Avell for the country that our Sovereign Lady the Queen should be pleased to summon to the House of Lords! a neAv peer in the person of Archbishop Manning; go into the gilded precincts of the here ditary chamber itself, and in listening to a debate you may hear the noble chairman of committees — a peer of great authority, and as near an approach as any living Englishman can in these degenerate days present of a last remnant of true old Toryism — calmly and deliberately ' propose, as one of the suitable remedies for the long miseries of Ireland, that a certain number of Catholic bishops should have seats in their lordships' house: more surprising still, you may hear a Liberal Scotch Duke seriously discuss the proposal of the Conservative English peer ; aud, most admirable of all, you may at last hear an Anglican bishop speak boldly to that great assembly of his enduring friendship toAvards our Catholic Archbishop, and of the gratification he Avould experience in doing honour to the choice of Her Majesty, if the Queen should be graciously pleased to call the most reverend prelate to her counsels.' Ecclesiastical Prosecutions. — The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council have decided that Sir Robert Phillimore is bound to receiAre letters of request from the Bishop of Bath and Wells in the case of S7iejJjH/rd v. Bennett. The result of this judgment is that the great question of the laAvfulness, in the Church of England, of hold ing the dogma of the Real Presence in the sacrament to be true, Avill soon be brought to judicial determination in the Court of Arches. The Rev. John Purchas is likely to be brought into the same court by the Bishop of Chichester. Letters of request have been issued by this Prelate praying that this notorious Ritualist ' may be cited to appear to ansAver certain articles touching and concerning hi[j soul's health, and the laAA'ful correction and reformation of his m aimers and excesses.' There are 33 charges in the letters of ofie:-ofcs against the laAvs ecclesiastical at St. James's Church, Brighton : — 1, a pro cession round the church : 2, the crucifix ; 3, a large metal crucifix Avith a figure of the Saviour on the holy table ; 4, boAving to the cruci fix ; 5, flowers to be placed on the table ; 6, lighted candles on the table ; 7, using incense ; 8, rubbed black poAvder on members of the congregation ; 9, sprinkled Avith holy Avater candles, and the candles Avere held up by members of the congregation ; 10, mixed Avater Avith the communion Avine ; 11, administered to the communicants Avine mixed with Avater ; 12, elevated the paten and cup ; IB, the same specified ; 14, used Avafer bread ; 15, iising a bell at the time of consecration and elevation ; 16, introduction of ' the Agnus ' in the service when not authorised ; 17, elevating the offertory alms, and, after placing them for a moment on the holy table, handing them to an acolyte to be placed on the credence table ; 18, suffering the holy table -on Good Friday to be Avithout any decent covering ; 19, having holy Avater placed in the church ; 20, sprinkled with holy water palm branches ; 21, paused in using the prayer for the Church Militant ; 22, on a Sunday (mentioned), after his sermon, gave notice that there would be a mortuary celebration for the repose of a sister ; 23, placed a model figure of the infant Saviour, and on Whit- Sunday a figure of a dove ; 24, notices of high celebration of the Holy Eucharir-h ; 2.5, making the sign of the cross Avhen about to mix Avater Avith the Avine ; 26, 'kissing the book from Avhich he read the Gospel of the day : 27, using a ceremony in admitting a neAV acolyte, or choir-boy ; 28, usmg a cope AA'hile per forming part of the service ; 29, sanctioning other clergymen at evening service using copes ; 30, using a chasuble in the Holy Communion service; 31, sanctioning other vestments to be used ; 32, Avearing a scarlet stole ; and, 33, suffering other clergymen to use vestments and to conduct the ser A-iccs not in a manner appointed by the Lows ecclesiastical. A no less painful case is that of the Rev. C. Voyscy, vicar of Healaugh, Avho has been cited on a charge of heresy before a commission appointed under the Church Discipline Act. From the commission it appeared that certain passages are extracted from the Sling and Stone, Avhich consists of sermons preached by Mi1. 'Voyscy in his parish church, and aftenA'ards published in monl'iiy parts. The declaration alleged that Mr. Voysey impugned the doea-iu^ _?!' divine mediation, of atonement, and the incarnation of our Lord, and had Avritten generally in terms of contempt of the Holy 'Scripture, especially of the Gospel of St. John. The duty of the commissioners Avas to inquire Avhether there were sufficient grounds for further proceedings. Our personal recollection of Mr. Voyptiy would not lead us to attach any great Aveight to his opinions, but his extravagances luu'e made him a kind of champion, so that we hear expressions of sympathy on the one side from such persons as the eminent non conformist, Dr. Davidson, and on the other from the Dean of West minster, Referring to the (t rare honesty of .purpose, as well as humble and devout .faith,' exhibited in the sermons, ' These reasons,' says the Dean, 'would of themselves have induced me to. prevent by any means in my power the extreme severity of the law being 'brought to bear on a person whose chief offence appears to me to call for another mode of treatment altogether, unless the law be enforced against all extravagance in preaching, far- beyond what is practicable or even conceivable, far beyond what has in fact, or ought in prin ciple, to be applied to the somewhat analogous case of those who have introduced innovations in the ritual of the Church against the wishes of 'their bishop. Some check may be required in all these cases, but not exclusion from the National Church.' ' The Royal Accession Service. — The occurrence of the anniver sary of Her Majesty's accession to the throne on a Sunday, brought the Special Service for the 20th June before the congregations in England in much greater prominence than we fear was the case in this diocese ; and the circumstance was most opportune to the' present national crisis. In many instances special reference was made to the event, and its lessons, in the sermons. At the special service in Westminster Abbey, the Bishop of Oxford preached from Hebrews viii. 5, 'Who serve under the example and shadow of heavenly things,'-' &c.; His Lordship, after referring to the day, went on to speak of the Christian kingdom, whose Sovereign was the King of kings. Did they know anything of this King '! had they any faith in Him? for to have communion with Him was the privilege of the poorest as well as the richest man in the nation. This King was the life of a nation, and, therefore, a right conception of Him was neces sary for the good of the commonwealth. The Bishop referred to due subjection being given to those who, in God's providence, were set over us. ' To realise that we belong to a great Christian country is to be lifted out of our own several littleness, to be drawn out of the mere present, and to be carried on to the future. No great struggles for liberty, no mighty deeds in arms, nothing great in literature, came ?from any people who had not this spirit of loyalty. There was a saying that royalty was a fashion and would pass away — it was looked at as to its utility ; but he (the Bishop) would like to draw out stronger feelings of loyalty. This earthly kingdom was the shadow of the heavenly one. .The Clmvcli Times did not prove itself quite so loyal as the Bishop, and entered its protest in language Avhich sounds strangely as coming from an Anglican paper. — ' There is something to be said for a service commemorating the coronation of the newly elected sovereign, there is nothing to be said for any special service on June 20th, unless an anniversary mass for the repose of the soul of William IV. The Church has not found such a nursing mother in the present Sovereign as to make it worth while breaking the law to do her exceptional honour, nor is the last order in council concerning public worship which she signed of a stamp to make Catholics anxious to comply with previous ones, equally illegal. Smithfield Martyrs' Memorial.— The Earl of Shaf tesbury has laid thefoundation-stone of the church which is to be erected as a memorial to the two hundred and seventy-three English martyrs ' brought to the stake in Smithfield. The position of the proposed building is in St. John's-street-road, within a few hundred yards of the historic, site of the martyrdoms. In the course of an eloquent speech delivered on the occasion, the Earl said: — ' This church, the foundation-stone of which we are now laying, is in my opinion a monument of charity. It is a proof that persecution even unto the death is altogether unavailing ; it proves that the blood of the mar tyrs is the seed of the Church; and it proves farther that, although we have suffered under a system of persecution, we would not, even as a matter of policy, resort to persecution against those from whom we differ. It proves to us this : the great, the blessed, the unspeak able benefits of civil and religious libery. It proves to us that God Almighty, in His mercy, never conferred upon any country greater blessings than when He confers upon them all such blessings as those I have enumerated. Those we know to be so precious to our selves that we will endeavour to extend them to others. With Bishop Hall, I maintain that while we may be on terms of perfect charity, friendly feeling, and complete peace with Roman Catholic people and the Romanists at large, still, we never will, under God's blessing, be at peace with Rome. I need not detain you further. Let nie say nothing that will break the bonds of charity, or use any language that I cannot justify in calmer moments. This is a great and solemn occasion. It will be great and solemn at all times. It is great and solemn in those days when the spirit of Protestantism appears to be on the decline, when the aggressive spirit appears to be on the increase. Let us assemble time after time, hour after hour, and 'take counsel together, and refresh ourselves by prayer, thankful for that great and blessed Reformation which relieved us from the domination of a soul-destroying religion.' Convocation. — The proceedings of the Convocation of Canter bury have been somewhat devoid of interest. - The meeting of the Upper House was partially roused when the Bishop of Oxford pre sented a petition, signed by Lord Glasgow, Lord Forbes, Lord Rollo, and a large number of lay members of the Scottish. Episcopal Church, praying that they might be protected from the invasion of English bishops and clergymen, who took duty in their dioceses without authority. It was arranged that the Archbishop of Canter bury should enter into communication with the Primus of the Epis copal Church of Scotland on the subject. New Colonial Bishops. — Three new Colonial bishops were consecrated at Westminster Abbey on St. Peter's Day — the Rev. Samuel E. Marsdcn, Vicar of Bcngworth, Evesham, to the newly formed Australian Bishopric of Bathurst ; the Rev. W. G. Cowie, Rector of Stafford, to New Zealand ; and Archdeacon Chambers to Labuan. There are some circumstances of special interest attaching to the new see of Bathurst. Different from the Australian bishop rics formed hitherto — all on the coast line of this great island conti nent — the diocese of Bathurst is part of the interior. The bounda ries .will begin from about a hundred miles inland of Sydney, and extend, for some six hundred miles into the sparsely-peopled, yet not unsettled, interior. ? Another noteworthy fact is that one of the new bishopsis' a -native of the colony— the grandson of an honoured an cestor, the Rev. Samuel Marsden, 'the Apostle of New Zealand.' The sermon was preached by the Bishop of Lichfield from Luke v. 8, ' When Simon Peter saw it, he fell down at Jesus' knees, saying, Depart from me, for I am a sinful man, 0 Lord.' Retirement op Bishops. — The Archbishop of Canterbury has in troduced a bill having two objects, the one object having reference to the resignation of bishops, and providing for them retiring salaries of £2000 a-year ; the other object amending and extending the precedent of the Act of G and 7 Victoria, c. G2, providing -for the supply of dioceses in the event of the incapacity of the bishop. The bill provides for the appointment of Suffragan Bishops with the right of succession to the see when vacant. Liturgical Revision. — Nine bishops of the American Episcopal Church have joined with Bishop M'llvaine in declaring that there is no urgent reason for the revision of the Book of Common Prayer. Their letters have been published, and unitedly they oppose revision, and commend the Prayer-book as it is. The Mastership op the Temple. — This important appointment has been conferred on and accepted by the Rev. Dr. Vaughan. The announcement of the Vicar's resignation was received by all classes with the deepest regret, and with some degree of surprise. Dr. Vaughan has been Vicar of Doncaster nearly nine years. The living is in the gift of the Archbishop of York, and is worth £500 a-year. Dr. Vaug-han on Classical Education. — The same, rev- gentle man, presiding at the distribution of prizes at the Doncaster Grammar School, defended classical studies in this fashion : — There was this about the study of the dead languages, that they could not change, whereas the living did. Why, if they taught a boy English to-day, it would probably be American to-morrow. There was no fixity in the living languages, whilst in the dead there was, and at the same time in the latter were the works of genius, which all the centuries that had rolled by since had not been able to arrive at. He went in for the classics thoroughly, then, and had no sympathy whatever with the modern notion that they ought to ' excuse verses.' It might be an old-fashioned idea, but still he considered that the man who could not write a ' verse ' had not yet acquired that extraordinary nicety of language which proved him a master. But having formed the staple subjects, he would open out in all directions other branches for those who, from conformation of mind, to use a nice word, or idleness, or any other word they might adopt, were incapable of this particular study. They were boys who, if they lived a thousand years, would never be able to write a verse, and there were some heads which could never hold a sum. Indeed, he himself had known one person whom it would have taken a long time to say how many two and two made. What he objected to was this, leaving boys, because they could not do classics or mathematics, to do nothing. : Decline op Romanism in America. — Archbishop Spaulding, of Baltimore, acknowledges, in his late address, the falling away of Roman Catholic children. Thus he complains and confesses — 'While we are gratified at witnessing so many intelligent persons throughout the country embracing the true faith, we are obliged to confess with sorrow that a greater number are lost to the , Church,. There is no exaggeration in saying now, what Bishop England felt it his sacred duty to state many years ago. that hundreds, nay thou sands of souls annually stray away from the fold in this country on account of then- early religious education. If we look for the descendants of those numerous Catholic families who have emigrated to this country during the past and present century, we will find that many of them have wandered away from the faith of their fathers, and not a few of them are now ranked among the most active and unrelenting enemies of the Church of God.' London City Missionaries. — Mr. George Hanbury gave a rural fete to 356 city missionaries at his residence, near Hitch-in. These hard-worked men were conveyed from London by special train, and enabled for a day to exchange the lanes and alleys of the great city for pure air and healthful enjoyment. They were addressed by their excellent entertainer and by the Rev. W. Thorold. The (Ecumenical Council. — The following are said to be the subjects that will be discussed at the (Ecumenical Council ?:— 1. Pan theism, Naturalism, and Absolute Rationalism. 2. Modified Ration alism^ 3. Indifferentism and Tolerance. 4. Socialism, Communism, Secret Societies, Bible Societies, and Clerical Liberal Societies. 5. Errors Avith respect to the Church and her Rights. 6. Errors with respect to Civil Society in itself, and in its relation to the Glmrch . 7\. Errors with respect to Natural and Christian Morals. 8. With respect to Christian Marriage. 9. With respect to the Sovereignty of the Roman Pope. 10. With respect to 'Modern Liberalism. Action against Ritualism by American Churchmen.— An Anti- Ritualistic Conference at Chicago was attended by about 200 clergymen and laymen. Various declaratozy and practical resolu tions were adopted. In the diocese of Virginia the subject was taken up by a special committee. Then1 report recommended the clergy to give more earnest heed to the inculcation in the pulpit, the Sunday schools, and Bible classes, of the doctrines of those standards of our Protestant Church ; and strenuously to resist the introduction of any changes in the forms and modes of conducting public worship and administering the sacraments as the same were used in the Church of England and our own before the rise of Tractarianism and Ritual ism, 'it also records its solemn protest against the further toleration of romanising practices and teachings as being unlawful, perilous to the unity of the Church, and hostile to the Christian interest, and reverently invokes the power of the Holy Ghost to continue with and preserve the Church as one Catholic and Apostolic Church. Remarkable Movement op the Jews in Germany.— Whil everything is getting ready for the (Ecumenical Council in Rome and the new Syllabus, the Jews of Germany have not been idle. ? There is at this moment a Synod sitting in Leipsic, consisting of about eighty rabbis, professors, and other lay representatives of various Jewish communities. The chief purpose of the assembly is to induce the authorities to found .either special departments or 'faculties' for Jewish theology at the German universities, or to endow special chairs for that purpose. .? ..?;. : ,„ : . ;,: ?;? ,,.;.;. 