leavM M3t'; otjet isro^E-BtfoK.^ A pamphlet has been published- in,--EngIand a Mr. Willhm.Gibb, showing iowit is prac-: ticable to effect a'large saving in the" collection of Customs duties.-^Gibb'a jdaffis in.ppera tion at Manchester,.where the cost of collection is only 2ds. per cent. : the'cost! of ' collection throughout the United Kingdom averaging £3 9s. dd'.^percent. -s»!- - An important case ihslfecehtly'oocujaed the attention of the Law Courts in^England. Some ioe merchants ih'HuKr ecently: telegfaphedTto- a Londonfirni'offerihgr tot take hi cargo * of ice*' at* 23s. pertih;^ The'fiele^ph"'clerk ^in .Emidbn: misread t^e" message', ahdoc6pied! the'^rice 27s. per ton, Hull, where it was-refused/except' at T23s. The', •nor beingitbat - of' the 'Telegraph -fCompany;1 • the shipper sued thaStbody forthe'balahce/'an'd1 they defend the action on the ground. that one lays in the transmission' ,bf\$>r' .tEe^hon-de-'! livery o^ ..u^repeajfcedrniestfages;;L!from,, what-, over cause arising."''' This'is, .reasted "as con trary to the first, principles^ of .fair dealing. •anal .are-; not, | "just apiirreasonabie'' canriotsbe enforced, it is •ipected that the Telegraph. Company will be ) held resjtoftiK6Ib'fe^^ them; Servant.! oiv.irf<-i TheredfaSBieii of a sh^f'^ucul through. Jreipd,'^ not yet mef -with descriptive details"of the pro ject If (praqticable, such a canal would; vastly benefit th®>Atlantic trade of Liverpool, not so much in^thesaving distance (as of .time,-by," the avoidance of the delays; of!/the Channel, and of rii&j; by "escaping the rocky Welsh and Irish coasts,, the occasion. of' so .'much/'TosB'hL property'and'life!"v'It would-,auo£confer':im mense materialbenefitshpon Ireland.' j,nvjc,0 ... On thffb|nc^'.^ptil.,.hut.--the;:ne7; A&j; cmuo'J into fori* which. compels allTrailway trains'r to < provide * 41$" Means" of >' inStafit fedmmimieatidh between the whpjle.of the passenger-carriages' and thei^ardSg^^^H^r^vP^Sjjhaye" .beeirpi#. upon trial, and the best will no doubt hp,-iriti-f aately adopted;fpr.,all the lines, as uniformity in this respect" is -very desirable. ~ -We commend this matter; id "the'-ndtiee1 of 'tour"/ own railway' authorities!' " \y '' ' y'ir 3.? One ofthe grandest.. Masonic ceremonials ever witnessed 190k place p. April last in Lon don, on ^e; occasion- of,th& deihcajion^pfjthe new grand'halhrin . Great: Queen-street,'by' the' Most Worshipful the" Grand Master' offMaSons; In Englabd^th&jEarP; .of .i Zetland; . • lher'pro -, eeedings '-^er^dmppmhg,- ajmost^beyoad prece-! dent, the Grand Master, vyhen^enthroned, being eurronnded by mprav.-tffandillOOO 'officers of Lodges from:!Sl. pS^^f'"the<;t[mted.Kingdom, The ncW^^1^tfi!hjwi^®^t*'huil^i^';i!.. Mr. Scp£t '^Russell,"theVice-Preisident ofIthe Institution of Naval -Architects, has been con demning in very severe terms the accommoda tion—or, rather, the want of accommodation— to which passengers between England and France are subjected. He says the transport ef ' civilised human beings between Great Britain | and France is "disgraceful to the civilised nations." He represents the traffic between Calais and Dover as frequently exemplifying some of the worst features that have been pic tured ef the African slave trade. "A. hundred or'a couple of hundred men and women are huddled under decks in a pestiferous atmos phere, where.there is neither room for comfort, rest, ventilation, cleanliness, nor health. Fifty delicate refined women are sometimes jammed into a cell where they have just room to sit on the floor." This is a melancholy picture, cer tainly. By the Californian Mercantile Gazette we notice that the attention of agriculturists is being directed to the cultivation of a plant called the Ramie, a species of thistle which is" said to be very hardy, and easy of production. "It is"susceptible' of being propagated from cuttings, like the vine, is perennial, and yields three or four crops a year,' • at the rate of 3,000 pounds per acre, and readily commands 230 dollars per toir on the spot. The threads pro duced from the-plant are larger, silkier, and stronger than cotton, and when mixed with cotton or wool produce a-brilliant, beautiful fabric, superior to either of the others alone, and w4§d''mamrfactured by itself .resemble, the ,finest grades of poplin." 1 The Sydney Morning Herald, writing upon the Seal Property Act of that colony," which is similar to ours, expresses an opinion that the reason .-.thc^jPfinciple is not more generally adopted is'tbJbe;found in the opposition; of the legal profession; and this^it is stated, has made the system, although establisiied ;ih England, "(very nearly a:dead-letter" there. sin Melbourne an effort is being- made, by; the Jews to render assistance to the inhabitants of "Western Russia, near the Bfufeslan frontier.; The'condition of these people,, appears to be something frightful—fever and1 famine are doing their deadly.\world:. It is said that "whole, families forsake their huts in masses, •and wanderihuhgry, shivering from frost, like ^walking corpses, from-one place to another, until they finally break down,..and,in many in stances gasp their last on the public roads." ' Certainly) the state of these poor creatures is •such! *8-;totcall forth the commiseration and chaiitjiof the.benevolent! ■ Referring to ,the presents made by His Royal i .Highness . Prince [Alfred, Melbourne - Punch states, that, the inscriptions upon .them wil ., have, to be altered from "Presented by His Koyal Highness" to "Voted by the British Par liament."/", Punch winds up with this observa-; tion4-"What a: hard prosaic age this is, and how) the poetry is continually being knocked, out of the pretty little transactions of one's ' dusty life." The Hew Zealand papers, in cata loguing the Duke's', presents in that colony, does: so "for the' information ofthe British taxpayer!" ■ r The Melbourne Age of a late date reproaches Victoria for not having- done something worth; speaking of to improve the navigation of the Murray. The article states .that such a depth ,of water could be maintained in the river as ,would permit of navigation throughout the year, and alleges that the money necessary for the purpose would be found no insuperable diffi culty. It was pointed out that, " If we Vic torians' are really in earnest in wishing to de velop our resources here iB one of the best of them, full of promise, and which, by an expen ' diture not excessive, may be made a vehicle of largej traffic and the stupendous reservoir for the irrigation of an extensive country. We have-not to create, only to -improve; not to make, but perfect; and there appears no reason ■why the initiatory steps should not be taken for the prosecution of the work.".; Sericulture is .commandipg.cqnsidefable atten tion-in Hew South', Wales, "and what is now requisite, it appears, to, add that as one of the industries of the" colony is. knowledge—know ledge of the best: kind of worm to procure aDd -of how to manage the .silk. We observe that •the Scientific Committee of .the Agricultural Society have directed the Secretary to com munipate with the Silk Supply Association for the purpose of 'obtaining information Regarding the species of worms best adapted-nto the: ;colony, and thej proper; -food. jfor ;themj to ascertain whether they would undertake to ifind a market for-cocoons and Udqiiaint the 'Committee with the price1 such products would •command; and further to learn, if the-Associa tion would assist by sending out some qualified persoh°to:vMit the1'districts wheie' sericulture' could: be carried on,'- and"carefully explain1 every operation to-the people advocating attention tp. the pursuit,' so as to ensure success. 'The Sydney Morning Herald, alluding tqth'e serious decline in the ^quantify* 'of' 'silk' produced 'in-Europfe, remarks" Surely Hew cSouth, ^afes may pocket some part of the premium offered to those bilk growers Who s shall segji^at :w<fc& \- the now silent looms of France, England and .Italy,;and afford to thousands':how'begging it ,thq "means of earning- their daily]bread." = i v In an article entitled Mathematics v. Christianity," in arecent issue of Jthe Australian, Churchman,' the heads '"of the "University of ,Cambridge are condemned5 •in^-'no-'- measured terms;for having, allowed Mr. ;Hartog, a .gentle-, -man of Hebrew birtVand religion, to attain "the jjpsition of Senior Wrangler of ;th'at University. The. writer maintain^ that their action in this., matter ahows theyregard Mr. (Har tog's mathe-.i ;matical talents as of "more value than the /character for Christianity and for! .truth of the University of Cambridge." He points out that •thefounders of this seat of learning bequeathed 'tp^ posterity an Institution for advancing the ! growth of " learning as an aid-to. Christianity \- tbat;they looke^uponthe " faith of Christ cruci-. -fled?' as a " mbst holy faith," and that they en-" deavored to use the. talent -entrusted fo-.them as •they best might by increasing "the'humber of sharers in that most holy .faith; and this by .enabling men " to, gfye a.-reasonf for, the hope that is in them." The article concludes with 'these words:—"While we pity Mr. Hartog, our feelings become those-of mournfulindigha tion when we think, of those-Jearned-pien who have been led away by the ' philosophy, falsely so'called,' of the.. anti-Christianflberalism to a ■ breach of "the loleflfi^dmi^m^pbxtaht trust be queated to them by Christian,menj:of old, 'in ; the name of the lather, and of the.Son,, and of .'the Holy Ghost—God blessed for ever.'" The Victorian County Courts Act is r said to have worked so well that an extension of its ;-powers has been deemed .desirable, and a Bill which is now before Parliament" proposes to grant the County Court an equitable jurisdic tion in claims, up to £500,; and in probate and | administration to the extent of £300; while in ] unison with the forthcoming5Insolvency''Act it will make the Judges of these County Courts I local Commissioners of Insolvency in their re spective districts. The Independance Beige contains a long article upon the Pope's letter to the Archbishop of Paris condemnatory of Freemasonry. But the pith of the article consists of a statement to the effect that Pio Nono was himself many years ago made a Freemason. 