THE DIOCESAN SYNOD. THIRD DAY: APRIL 29. ritualism. in yesterday's Register we gave a report of the discussion on the motion of the Rev. Mr. Pollitt upon the subject of Ritualism. The speeches towards the close, however, had to be greatly abbreviated, ans we therefore now repeat them in a more complete form. One or two errors occurred in the report of the earlier portion of the debate. For instance, a portion of the Rey. Mr. Ibbetson's speech was attributed to the Lord Bishop, who had merely interpolated a few words in the course of the speech. In the Rev. Mr. Webb's speech the words "Wm. John Butler, Vicar of Wantage," were printed "Wm. John Butlar, near of Wantage." The resolution and amendment were as follows:— Resolution.—That in the opinion of this Synod it is of the highest importance to the unity and well being of the members of the United Church of England and Ireland in the Diocese of Adelaide that the Lord Bishop of the Diocese be earnestly requested to use his influence for the correction and prevention of such evils as are known by the terms Ritualistic or Romanizing, in keeping with the tenor of his address at the opening of Synod. Amendment.—"That this Synod desires to record the opinion that the forms and ceremonies of the Church of England should be strictly carried out in accordance with the directions of the Book of Common Prayer." Mr. N. Blyth was much gratified at the tone which the discussion had taken throughout; but he must vote against the resolution on the ground so well put by Mr. Young. The time had not come for passing such a motion; although if any thing could have induced him to change his view on that point it would have been the remarks of the last speaker. He congratulated Mr. Pollitt in having obtained so stanch an ally. (A laugh.) If he thought his views were general he would sup port the resolution; but he did not think so. Personally he was as strongly hostile to Ritualism as it was possible to be; but he did not deem it necessary to go at length into his own views. In the Church of Eng land were collected men of a variety of different schools of thought—men who, while agreeing on the vital doctrines of Christianity, agreed to almost nothing else, and he believed he was speaking the views of His Lordship when he held that the limits within which the ministers of the Church should be confined in doctrinal matters ought net to be drawn too close. (The Bishop— "Hear, hear.") The same differences would be found in other Churches, so that their case was not a singular one. It was impossible that a faith moulded and tied down not only to run in one groove, but to have merely one form of expression, could be worthy of the name. With regard to the memorial which had been sent round for signature, he maintained that numbers of those who signed it did not at all under stand it—(Hear, hear)—and that it was quite a false step to adopt this course until the machinery provided for dealing with such matters had been availed of. It was very gratifying to him that they were able to discuss these topics in the spirit in which they had been discussed; and with regard to the Rev. Mr. Dove, he would say that if he did not derive improvement from all his sermons, the fault was in himself, and not in the rev. gentle man. He could only say that if his doctrines and practices in the Church were Ritualistic, he hoped they might be greatly extended throughout the The Rev. Mr. Green expressed his pleasure that his own little difficulties with his parishioners had been settled privately. He was not a Ritualist in the proper sense of the word, although called so by those who did not know better. Coming as he did from a Dissenting family, he felt the full benefit of belonging to the Church which included within its boundaries men belonging to so many different schools of thought. The human mind was many-sided, and it must be approached through many different channels. He believed the views of Mr. Webb had been misunderstood, because the paragraph read by Mr. Farr was very different in its interpretation from what it was taken in con nection with the preceding paragraph, which ran thus:—"We repudiate all 'adoration' of the sacra mental bread and wine which would be idolatry, regarding them with the reverence due to them because of their sacramental relation to the body and blood of our Lord. We repudiate also all adoration of a 'corporeal presence of Christ's natu ral flesh and blood'—that is to say of the presence of His body and blood as they 'are in heaven.' " He believed there was not a member of Synod who would not give in his adhesion to the doctrine as thus extended. The adoration that was intended was an adoration neither of the elements them selves, nor of the corporeal presence, but of Christ present after a heavenly and spiritual manner, and therefore he did most heartily acquiesce in that expression of faith. With regard to the feverish restlessness which existed in England, he was delighted that some of it had come over the seas, and had manifested itself in the diocese. In reference to the forgiveness of sins, it could not be supposed for a moment that there was any inherent virtue in the priest for the virtue was in the office. He should not hesitate to administer the power committed to him in this respect at his ordination, ie intended for the future to have daily prayer in his church, and in regard to this resolution, he would say that it was impossible for the Synod to bind the clergy by it. He hoped the resolution of Mr. Hawkes would be carried, as he would be able then to point to it as a means of quieting the con sciences of any who might be offended by the establishment of daily prayer in his church. He repeated the statement that the clergymen who were called Ritualistic here were second to none in their principles of loyalty to the Reformed Church, and the desire to make the people not only Christians, but Churchmen, for a true Churchman was a true Christian The Rev. H. M. Pollitt remarked that the motion had been misunderstood. It was not levelled against the practices of any in the diocese, but had been introduced by reason of the present aspect of affairs in England, and the fear lest such practices as prevailed there were introduced here. He believed there was nothing in South Australia which could be called Ritualism, and for himself he had kept clear of the memorial that had been sent round for signature, thinking the members of the Churches might be better employed. (Cheers.) His Lordship—That memorial is not before the Synod as far as I am aware. The Rev. H. M. Pollitt would not further allude to it, but must express his gratification that in the ministry and laity of the Church of England there were men who did not pronounce their shibboleth exactly alike. So Iong as the clergy could teach according to the Articles and Liturgy, it was a matter for rejoicing that they were not all of the same school. He believed, if the Synod were to affirm the motion that the rubrics of the Prayer-Book should be strictly ad hered to, it would be an easy way out of bickerings and strife. (Cheers.) If all were prohibited from going beyond the Prayer Book the great source or quarrel would be removed. Their differences would only then be concerning things of minor importance. He should gladly support both propositions. Mr. Thrupp regretted that the discussion had been made to assume such a personal aspect, and that many of the speeches should consist of the defence of individual clergymen and self-accusa tions on the part of others. He should have liked greatly to have had the debate confined to a protest against Ritualism itself. It had been alleged that there was a difficulty in defining the term; but hardly one man had risen who had not shown clearly that in his own mind he had a well-defined idea of what it meant It might be said that Ritualism was nothing else but the practices and doctrines of those who had dubbed themselves Ritualists. (Laughter.) For his own part, to give a concise definition of what he understood by the name, he should call it "infant Popery"— (Hear, iear)—and that was what was meant by the vast body of those antagonistic to Ritualism. To suppose that any one would object to daily services or weekly communions was simply preposterous. In England Ritualism, as regarded the laity, had been no doubt the result and reflex of the sensationalism of the period. That had displayed itself in almost every walk in life, and this was nothing but the sensationalism of religion. It was no use saying that it was not dangerous,lfor they had had abundant instances of those who practised Ritualism having gone over to Rome. (Hear, hear.) In its early development it was objectionable in two ways. First of all, through it matters which ought to be viewed as of little or no moment had been brought into prominence at the cost of things of vastly greater importance. When their minds were drawn away from the all-essential truths of the Gospel and the all-essential points of their wor ship by insignificant matters, such as vestments and the way they should stand and turn under different circumstances, it became a serious con sideration. (Hear, hear.) But that was only half the evil, for those who had brought forward these small innovations at the be ginning had made them the stepping stone to introduce other doctrines, and had based those doctrines on the formularies which in themselves were so trivial. Once having inserted the thin end of the wedge, the minds of the people were led away into the erroneous doctrines of the Romish Church. The ceremonies became to be viewed as symbols of these erroneous doctrines. He was an indifferent ecclesiastical historian, but it was a fact that one of the objects in issuing the Prayer-Book was to suppress many of the cere monies and tendencies of the age in which it was written similar in their character to those now brought into notice. In the preface under the heading "of ceremonies, why some be abolished and some retained," appeared these words:— "Of such ceremonies as be used in the Church, and have had their beginning by the institution of man, some at the first were of godly intent and purpose divine, and yet at length turned to vanity and superstition; some entered into the Church by indiscreet devotion and such a zeal as was without knowledge; and for because they were winked at in the beginning they grew daily to more and more abuses, which not only for their unprofitableness, but a so because they have much blinded the people and obscured the glory of God, are worthy to be cut away and clean rejected; others there be which although they have been devised by man, yet it is thought good to reserve them still, as well for a decent order in the Church (for the which they were first devised), as because they pertain to edifi cation, whereunto all things done in the Church (as the Apostle teacheth) ought to be referred." And regarding the ceremonies it was said:—"Some are put away became the great excess and multitude of them hath so increased in those latter days that the burden of them was intolerable; whereof St Augustine in his time complained that they were grown to such a number that the estate of Christian people was in worse case concerning that matter than were the Jews. And he coun selled that such yoke and burden should betaken away as tune would serve quietly to do it. But what would St. Augustine have said if he had seen the ceremonies of late days used among us where unto the multitude used in his time was not to be compared. This, our excessive mul titude of ceremonies was so great and many of them so dark, that they did more confound and darken than declare and set forth Christ's benefits unto us. And besides this, Christ's gospel is not a ceremonial law (as much or Moses' law was), but it is a religion to serve God, not in bondage of the figure or shadow, but in the freedom of the spirit; being content only with those ceremonies which do serve to a decent order and godly discipline, and such as be apt to stir up the dull mind of man to the remembrance of his duty to God by some notable and special significa tion whereby he might be edified. Furthermore the most weighty cause of the abolishment of cer tain ceremonies was that they were so far abused, and partiy by the insatiable avarice of such as sought more their own lucre than the glory of God, that the abuses could not well be taken away, the thing remaining still." He felt under the circumstances, that it was their duty to echo the Bishop's Charge, and not to allow this, the second Synod since His Lordship had first referred to the matter, to pass without some dis tinct resolution expressive of disavowal and disap probation of the Ritualistic tendencies of a portion of the English Church at the present day. What he had feared when he spoke previously was that His Lordship and those who thought with him would try to put a stop to the discussion of Mr. Pollitt's motion, which practically differed little from that of Mr. Ibbetson. He did not quite coincide with the wording of the motion, but it would be well to carry it for he believed it would check the spread of Ritualism, which, judging by one speech that evening, at all events, seemed to have made its appearance in the diocese. (Hear, hear.) It would also strengthen His Lordship's hands, and the hands of those who worked with him, in endeavouring to suppress these erroneous doctrines in any hole or corner in which they might have exhibited themselves. Of course. Ritualism did not hang upon one particular act but as instances of the extravagances to which it would lead he might say that in one church in England a procession of ministers came all up the aisle to the communion table walking on their knees. (Laughter, and "Where?") He was not prepared to say where, but he believed this had actually occurred, and although the narra tion might create laughter at first the true earnest Christian on reflection would entertain a very different feeling. At another church, during the performance of the communion, the leading minister stood with his back to the congregation and his hands spread out in the shape of a cross. On that occasion through some slight mishap a small portion of the bread fell to the ground, and thereupon one of the clergymen went flat on his face and picked it up with his mouth. That was a fact, for his uncle had seen the occurrence. Preachers like these were calculated to drag the Church through the dirt to lead to the abuse of religion, to bring it into contempt aad ridicule —(Hear, hear)—and altogether to destroy the effect and intention of public worship. Throughout this Diocese there was a strong earnest feeling on the part of the laity against the intro duction of such practices, and a determination to oppose them in every possible way. Recently in the Church at Mitcham there was a vacancy, and the congregation with one voice declared that they would not have a Ritualist member's stole, and that if a Ritualist was appointed they would instantly leave the Church. He had been in formed of cases in which persons had gone out of certain churches on account of the Ritualistic practices observed in them, and so feverishly excited were the laity on the point that they took alarm at the first symptons of this form of error. They were wise, too, for inch by inch it would grow. If winked at as the Prayer-Book had it it would, step by step, advance, and bring in all those abuses which were productive of so much evil. (Cheers.) Mr. Toms had been in doubt with regard to this resolution, as he had been in reference to the memorial, whether it would be right to subscribe to the sweeping charges contained in it but in the main he could endorse it. He was deeply sorry that after the remarks of Canon Fair, and the clear definition he had given of real Ritualism, that one gentleman should have claimed to be a Ritualist and not a Protestant. Were they not Protestants as well as Churchmen ? He believed there were grave grounds for alarm. Within the last Sunday or two even persons had come to Trinity and asked that accommodation should be found them, stating that they had come be lieving that sound doctrine was preached there, whereas in places they had before attended some of the doctrines were not according to the teaching of the Church. In clear, forcible language one gentleman had that night stated his views, and claimed to be a Ritualist. The Rev. G. Dove—I claimed sympathy with Ritualism only—what you call Ritualism. Mr. Toms—I understood him to take the name of Ritualist. The Rev. Mr. Dove—No; I did not His Lordship—At all events he has disclaimed it now. Mr. Toms—Then another has, with a great deal of bombast, expressed his views. The Rev Mr. Webb—I rise to order. His Lordship—I am afraid we are departing from that quiet calm tone which has characterized the debate. Mr. Toms was only a young member of Synod, and hoped to be excused; but from his position he knew that members were leaving other churches owing to what they conceived to be Ritualistic practices, and were asking to have sittings allotted them in Trinity Church, which was now quite full. Mr. W. A. Cawthorne said there seemed no doubt at all that Ritualistic tendencies existed in the colony. When Mr. Young spoke he felt dis posed to regard Ritualism as something implying enlarged zeal a pleasing sort of ceremonial; but the remarks made by three of the clergymen had opened his eyes somewhat. One rev. gentleman said he had sympathy with Ritualism. If so, he would soon love it and marry it forthwith. [Laughter and Hear.) When one clergyman said he regarded the doctrine contained in a certain paragraph with the greatest horror, and another was ready to subscribe to it he wished to know where was truth and where was certitude. He felt inclined to go with Ritualism as mildly ex plained by Mr. Young; he detested it as explained by the Rev. Mr. Dove. He informed such clergy men that they had better form their own churches, and leave the Church of England. No man had a right to come into their Church, teach strange doctrine, endeavour to indoctrinate others with their views, and yet eat their bread and butter. He could not say who was right and who was wrong, but let these innovators build churches for themselves. How was it that these practices had arisen now? What had the Church been doing the last two or three centuries? (Rev. Mr. Dove— "Asleep.") And her awaking was to ecclesiastical finery and formularies, which had been unknown before. He protested against the Ritualistic doc trines being maintained as doctrines of the Church at England. He hoped the motion would be carried, and that this great heresy would be checked. The Ven. Archdeacon Marryat remarked that Mr. Cawthorne appeared altogether to have over looked Mr. Blyth's eulogium on Mr. Dove. He had refrained from speaking so far, because he considered it was the laity who should expiess their sentiments, the clergy having other opportunities of expressing theirs. He thought however, sorne of the statements made, and especially those of the Rev. Mr. Webb, ought not to be unnoticed. He had stated that Christ in the elements was to be adored, and that the reception of the sacrament was not dependent upon the faith of the receiver. He would simply in reply to that read from the 28th Article—"And the means whereby the body of Christ is received and eaten in the Supper is faith." (Hear, hear.) Then, again, it was said "The Bacrarueat of the Lord's Supper was not by Christ's ordinance reserved, carried about lifted up, or worshipped." He knew that a quibble had been raised upon the words "by Christ's ordi nance," with a view of showing that it was still right that the sacrament should be reserved, and so forth, but that was merely a quibble. Then the 29th Article said, "The wicked, and such as be void of a lively faith, although they do carnally and visibly press with their teeth (as St. Augustine saith) the sacrament of the body and blood of Christ yet in no wise are they partakers of Christ; but rather to their condemnation do eat and drink the sign or sacrament of so great a thing." He did not think anything that the Rev. Mr. Green had said at all altered the position of the Rev. Mr. Webb. The question was whether Christ was locally present. If He was, why should He not be worshipped? But the Article qualified the statement of His being present by the words "by faith." No Charge was more full of fallacies than that of the Bishop of Exeter, from which the Rev. Mr. Webb had quoted. From the words "Do this" and the con nection of the Greek word "Poiein," he made out that "perform this sacrifice" was meant an inter pretation which the term would not at all justify. Then with regard to the position of the three orders in the Apostolical Church, priests, pres byters, and deacons, it was important to note that the Greek word for sacrificing priest, "Tereus." was not used—(Hear, hear)—so that it was im posing on the ignorance of the public to say that he occupied a sacrificial position. (Cheers.) He believed this discussion would be productive of great unanimity of sentiment and would give them some insight into what Ritualism was. To a large extent the discussion of the subject was needless by reason of the Mackonochie judgment by which it was decided that any gesture or genuflexion, cere mony or ordinance, other than was authorized by the Prayer-Book, was illegal; and therefore if any of these practices were introduced here, the matter might be brought before His Lordship. With regard to the memorial which had been signed, he would point out that there were two modes of pro cedure to adopt before memorializing the Bishop. Ihe first was to bring a charge against a particular clergyman, and try the question; the next was to debate the subject in Synod. It was unquestionable that matters had gone to a great length at home. Even the Romish phraseology—"Masses," "natural element?," and so on, were used; and the reason why the clergymen knelt and stood in a certain way received a peculiar significance when it was taught that the Real Presence in the elements was to be adored. (Hear, hear.) It only needed a little more time and a little more courage for the Ritualists to go the whole length. (Cheers.) Then in England the success of Ritualism was due to the admission of "agreed parishioners." The churches were not properly parish churches, filled by people living around, but by those from a distance taking a delight in such services. This put the churches in a very different position from those where no regard at all was paid to the wishes of the congre gations. The Bishop of Exeter and others exa mined before the Ritualistic Commission all de clared that the utmost deference should be paid to the feelings of the people; and it was a known fact that most of the rectors and vicars still retained the old forms of service, the observances of Ritualism being chiefly confined to the district churches. The Church of England, it was to be remembered, was established under great difficul ties, and since its formation it had gone through two great revivals—the first in the time of Wesley, when the evangelical spirit which went abroad taught Churchmen how to preach; and the second at the time when Tractarianism took its rise, when Churchmen were taught how to pray. He had suffered too much from the duet between the clergyman and clerk system not to feel an interest in the onward movement which had taken its rise some time back; and although he had no sympathy with mediæval dilettanteism, he felt a great interest in the spread of education amongst the young, the increase of the services, the exercise of greater diligence in regard to parochial work, and the per formance of all things decently and in order. There was no Ritualism in these things, but the people had become suspicious of change because of the numbers who had gone over to the Church of Rome. He must express his bitter disappointment at the attempts which were being made to bridge over all distinctions between the English and Romish Churches; and he should vote for this resolution, believing that it would have a good effect not only here, but at home, in showing extreme men that it was no use their coming to this diocese. (Hear, hear.) If the laity were true to their duty there was no reason for fear. The Rev. H. Read expressed his strong approval of the resolution, and remarked that in two words it could not be better defined than Mr. Thrupp had defined it. He was in the habit of reading the English papers, and he believed Ritualism to be a Jesuitical attempt to pervert and disturb the doctrines of the Church of England by introducing the doctrine of the Real Presence. This was the real gist of the whole matter. If they believed in this doctrine they were Papists, they were idolaters, and they were cursed. These were his views. Mr. Wiles wished to know whether the Synod were to vote on the doctrinal question, and whether it was so constituted as appropriately to pass a vote upon doctrinal points. His Lordship could only put the resolution as it stood. Each must judge of it for himself. The Rev. K L. Miller supported the motion, but suggested, in order to obtain unanimity, the words "should such be introduced" be inserted after "tendencies." (No.) It was highly important that there should be unity in this matter. He advised the younger brethren in the ministry who were disposed to introduce changes into the service, to look well at local results, and if they found that they caused the people to leave, to pause before insisting upon those changes. The Rev. J. Pollitt, in reply, said he had been exceedingly hurt at a remark of the Ven. Arch deacon Marryat implying that on the part of the mover of the resolution there had been defective teaching. He had been four times as long in the colony as that gentleman, and had never before had such a charge brought against him. The necessity for carrying this resolution had been abundantly shown. He strongly pro tested against the doctrine of the Real Presence being taught in Churches which he had striven hard in helping to raise. The Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny should be sorry to hurt the feelings of any one, but he maintained there would have been no cause for this resolution had those who entertained the same views as the mover not been defective in their teaching. They had discarded the Catechism of the Church because it did not accord with their views. The Rev. Mr. Pollitt—So far as I am concerned you are entirely wrong. His Lordship was deeply thankful that this discussion had taken place, and he assured Mr. Thrupp that he had been anxious to have it de bated. Had the Rev. Mr. Ibbetson commenced with some specification of Ritualism, and intro duced the subject in something the same shape as the present motion, the question might have been dealt with on his resolution. He hoped the Synod would affirm this motion. He believed it would do good, and would tend to check anything that was contrary to the doctrines of the Church in the teachings of any of the clergy. He hoped also that it would tend to prove that by Ritualism was not meant a de termination to carry out the daily use of prayer, and the more frequent commemoration of the Lord's Supper. (Hear, hear.) The Ven. Archdeacon Marryat had anticipated much of what he had in tended to say, and he was glad that he had called attention to the 2Sth and 29th Articles, which showed that there was no "real presence" in the bread, because it departed the moment there was a want of faith. Therefore it must betaken by faith alone, not given by the priest but by the Great High Priest (Cheers.) If the doctrine of the 28th Article was adhered to no harm could arise, but for a clergyman to go on his face to pick up a scrap of bread was an evidence of an erroneous and superstitious Ritualism, which was therefore abominable. It was well known with regard to the 29th Article that Queen Elizabeth refused her assent to it for six years; but at last she had the wisdom to give way, and carry out the wishes of Parliament it was upon that Article that a dignitary of the Church was found guilty by the Archbishop of Canterbury and a body of assessors, and but for some legal flaw the sentence would have been carried out. Something had been said about absolution; but the magniloquent grandiloquence made use of when tested amounted to very little. He had listened to the Rev. Mr. Webb's words very attentively, and he believed he did little more than other clergymen in that particular. It was strange, however, that servants of the God of Truth should make such a difficulty about words, for it seemed that they would drive a coach and six through the Articles. The doctrine of absolution he believed was very often misrepresented and misunderstood. This was the form of absolution, which might be used if the person dying, being desirous of quieting his conscience, wished it. "Our Lord Jesus Christ who hath left power to his Church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in him, of his great mercy forgive thee thine offences." (Mr. Webb—"Of course I never thought the priest did it.") After this preamble, after the forgiveness of Christ had been granted, it was a very safe thing for the priest to say—"And by his authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins—in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost Amen." It was declaratory and not judicial. (Hear.) He repu diated any idea of sitting as a judge in this instance. Mr. Thrupp had alluded to a certain position in administering the sacrament as being super stitious, but really it was illegal. It was well known that there had been two Liturgies. The first was instituted in the time of Edward V when it was directed that the priest should stand at the south of the altar. By the second—the Liturgy of Queen Elizabeth's time—the north side was fixed upon; and the Act of Uniformity de cided that any other ceremonies than the Prayer Book enjoined were illegal. He thus gave his opinion on what was the true meaning of the Prayer-Book. He prayed God they would go out of that meeting with an earnest desire for God's glory and the welfare of their fellow-men, and with a determination to be united together within those limits of truth—large and comprehensive, but not latitudinarian; not embracing Romish error on the one side, or ultra Protestantism on the other—which were prescribed. Within this comprehensive sphere were embraced men of the greatest piety and learning, and he trusted that they would still go on as they had done —that they would still speak the truth in brotherly love, and he prayed that God would lead them into all truth, and would make them of one heart and mind. The resolution, with the amendment added as a rider, with Mr. Pollitt's consent was then put. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson called for a vote by orders. The Rev. Mr. Dove withdrew, and on the names being taken the votes were found to stand thus:— Clerical members.—For—The Lord Bishop, the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Revs. Messrs. Farr, Green, Howitt, Miller, J. Pollitt, Field, R. Reid, Williams, H. Read, H. M. Pollitt, Ibbetson. Against—Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny, Rev. Mr. Webb. Lay members—Messrs. Thrupp, Birrell, Bath, Pope, Pritchard, Viney, Huggins, Bellhouse, W. W. Blyth, Meredith, Hawkes, Sherring, Toms, DeMole, Heathcote, Cooper, Howell, Thomas, Minchin, Douglas, Cawthorne, Burton, Young, Fullarton, and Dr. Duncan. Against—Nil. The Synod adjourned until next day at 3 o'clock. FOURTH DAY: FRIDAY, APRIL 30 There was a moderate attendance of clergymen and laymen. YESTERDAY'S DEBATE. On the motion for the confirmation of the minutes of Thursday's proceedings. His Lordship said there was an expression used yesterday towards the end of the meeting which he thought on reflection, the rev. gentleman would either withdraw or explain. It was in the form of this syllogism:—"Idolaters are cursed; Ritualists are idolaters; therefore Ritualists are cursed." Seeing that came in at the close of the debate in which persons, though stating their views pretty strongly, had expressed sympathy with those whom they believed to be good men, though not entirely agreeing with, them, it appeared to strike harshly on some of their minds. In one instance he knew that it lost a vote to the proposition, the Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny having said to him that if that was the spirit in which the motion was to be carried out. he for one would never vote for that party. (Hear, hear.) He did not believe the rev. gentleman who uttered it really meant to say that individual Ritualists, in his opinion, would come under the judgment of God as if they were actual idolaters. He presumed he meant to say that idolaters were under the curse of God, and that, in his opinion, certain practices amounted to idolatry, without specifying any indi viduals, and would receive the judgment of God, as stated in the commination service, where idolatry was one of the sins they were warned not to ap proach. He supposed that to be his meaning, and not the application of the condemnation to such a man for instance as Keeble—(Hear, hear)— by whom more than any other man the world had been led in the paths of beauty and true religion. (Cheers.) He did not think that the rev. gentle man who was alluded to used the words he did as anticipating the judgment of the great day. God forbid that they should think so. The sentence of the commination service which referred to idolaters went on to say, "cursed are"—not only "idolaters," but "slanderers," and others who were described. He did not believe the gentleman meant—he could not have condemned the whole of their Lutheran brethren, for instance, and all others who were not of the orthodox creed and Church. If he did, he would consign at once to perdition some 200,000,000 of Christians. He hoped before the minutes were confirmed he would say that he did not use the expression in the sense it had been interpreted. The Rev. H. Read—Your Lordship has observed with truth that it is impossible that as a man of common sense I should have thought my curse of any avail on the souls of holy pious men like Keeble, or worthy men such as are to be found among the Roman Catholic's High Churchmen, Low Churchmen, or a great many of other sects whom I honour from the depth of my heart Your Lordship could not have conceived me to be such a fool as to pronounce my curse. I did not I deny that I did so. His Lordship—Allow me to correct you—I said it was an impression of many persons that you did, and that you lost one vote by it. The Rev. Mr. Read—I will endeavour to explain the faith which I confess. When I read the re mark attributed to me in the newspaper I confess I was very much shocked and grieved. I have no wish to garble or retract one iota of what I said, but I will now endeavour to explain it the time being too late last night to allow me to do so as I wished. I wanted to state that those who believe in the Real Presence, and believe that Christ the Son of God is actually, substantially, and bodily present in the piece of bread—I do not attempt to ques tion the spiritual presence, which we believe, and which no person in our Church teaches more conscientiously, firmly, and strongly than myself —I meant to say that if they believe in the actual, bodily, substantial presence of Christ in that bread, then they belonged to Papists; and if we bow down and worship, it is the garb of idolatry; and if idolaters, we make ourselves subject to the. curse of the Almighty. God forbid that I should say the curse of myself or any sinful man like me. (Cheers.) The Ven. Archdeacon Marryat so understood Mr. Read, and he could not conceive how he could have been understood otherwise. Mr. Hawkes—I may mention that the state ment was misunderstood by other persons as well as the Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny, because it was mentioned to me. The minutes were confirmed. EDUCATION. The Ven. Archdeacon Marryat gave notice for the consideration at the next adjourned meeting of Synod of the question of State education as regarded religious instruction. INSTITUTION OF INCUMBENTS. His Lordship, in reply to the Rev. Mr. Green, said he would consider the propriety of having a form for the institution of Incumbents, and pro bably communicate with the Metropolitan of Sydney, so as if possible to secure uniformity. The matter was brought forward some time ago, but he then considered the time had not come. INCUMBENTS AND THEIR DUTIES. The Rev. George Dove begged to move— "That His Lordship the Bishop be requested to commission his Archdeacons annually to forward a list of questions to the Churchwardens of the different parishes enquiring into the way in which his Incumbents fulfil the duties to which they are pledged by their ordination vow." The laity were interested in the ordination vow quite as much as the clergy, and he would state what portions of the vow he referred to. One portion of the vow was—"Will you give your faithful diligence always so to minister the doc trine and sacraments and the discipline of Christ as the Lord hath commanded, and as the Church and realm hath received the same according to the commandments of God, so that you may teach the people committed to your cure and charge with all diligence to keep and observe the same?" And the next question was, "Will you be ready, with all faittiiul diligence, to banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrines contrary to God's Word, and to use"—this he wanted specially to call attention to—"both public and private monitions and exhortations as well to the sick as to the whole, within your cures, as need shall require and occasion shall be given?" Now the great doctrine was the sacraments, and he thought it would be a great safeguard that the "Church Catechism" should be taught in the schools, and if a question were put upon that, and the minister was neglecting to enforce the teaching of the Catechism, there would be certain devout laymen who would speak to the Wardens, and so get the case presented, through the Archdeacons, to the Bishop. Then with regard to sermons, they were continually hearing complaints about the sermons. Did you hear Mr. So-and-so? was not it a long prosy sermon? or that it was not prepared, or was an old one that they had heard before! (Laughter.) Then he had heard that his brother clergymen had sometimes distinctly pointed to his own particular case in their sermons. His Lordship—What, by name? Mr. Dove—No. His Lordship—Very well then. Mr. Dove—May I tell your Lordship who it was! His Lordship—No; that is an offence against the Canon Law. Mr. Dove—It was Mr. Ibbetson. His LORDSHir—This has nothing to do with the motion before us. Mr. Dove—Yes, in a remote way. It was said, for instance, that when I was present at the Christchurch Schoolroom I kneeled—as I always have been taught to do—to receive your Lordship's blessing; and I always make it a rule to kneel to receive the blessing of the Church, whether form Bishop or a Priest. His Lordship—So do my congregation. Mr. Dove—Well, my Lord, I happened to be the only one to kneel then, and I did not think anything about it till I was told of it afterwards. His Lordship—Well, we cannot listen to these things. The question is whether I am to issue a Commission. Mr. Dove—I want to speak out about all these things. I am ready to shake hands with any of my fellow clergy. The Bishop—We are not bound to hear all you grievances. I should have enough to do. Mr. Dove—You have heard this. His Lordship—Well, is it a public offence? that is the question. Mr Dove—Then with regard to the discipline of the sacraments, I think a very great evil is existing in our Churches by the baptisms not being in public. His Lordship—Every Sunday, I can say it is done at Trinity, and on Wednesdays or Thursdays, I think, as well. The Ven. Archdeacon Marryat—Every Thurs day evening is appointed for the purpose. The Rev. Mr. Dove—Then that is utterly con trary to the rule of the Church, which is that it should be after the second lesson, when the greatest number of people are gathered together. So that that is a breach of the rubric. His Lordship—Then you will have the goodness to file a bill. The Rev. J. Pollitt said himself and his son, as well as several others, had always conformed to the rule. The Rev. Mr. Dove was very glad to hear it. He did not wish to attach blame to any particular person, but to point out an existing evil. Then again, with regard to the holy communion, there was the provision in the rubric about admitting notoriously evil livers. If these questions were sent to the Wardens it would tend to prevent any person being admitted to the communion who was in the habit of getting drunk, or was a blas phemer or formcator. His Lordship—Do you mean to say there is any one who admits persons of notoriously evil habits? Mr. Dove—I would not bring forward any such charge. His Lordship—Mr. Dove, you are proceeding beyond all limits in entering into what these questions are to be. Mr. Dove—I am only giving reasons, my Lord. His Lordship—Then do not by implication insult your brother clergymen. Mr. Dove did not for one moment intend that. Then there was another thing—the omission of the ante-communion. Then, again, curtailing the ser vice of holy matrimony, which had been frequently His Lordship referred to what was done at St. George's, Hanover- square. Mr. Dove looked upon Hanover-square as the parent of the abuses which he spoke of. In the next place, they were ordered to give notice of the vigils and holy days. Even to those persons who might not be able to keep Ascension Day, for instance, it would be beneficial that notice should be given, in order that the great truth commemorated might be meditated upon by those members in private. Then with regard to ornaments, it would be an excellent thing if they were properly instructed by the Archdeacons—(The Bishop—"That is the proper duty of the Archdeacons")—so that if a complaint was made by anybody the Incumbent could appeal te the Bishop at once, who would be aware what he had in the Church through his Archdeacons. (The Bishop—"That is all right.") There was another thing, but that was personal. His Lordship—Then avoid it. Mr. Dove—But I would like you to see it. That is what it is, my Lord (holding a parcel of pamphlets in his hand and laughing). His Lordship—I will answer that for you; whether it is within the proper limits of a clergy man's duty to circulate documents in his Church of a particular character— The Rev. J. Pollit—Let Mr. Dove go on, my Lord, as he is in such a good temper. Mr. Dove—Well, my Lord, I can say that this pamphlet has been circulated called "High Church Ritualism," in my congregation. It is quite anony mous, and I believe contains a great many lies, and it is also indecent in its character. (Hear, hear.) This was brought from the Church to me, having been distributed in the Church. His Lordship—At page 8 it says that already one Master of our High Schools has been called upon to resign for teaching Ritualism. That refers to Dr. Goulbourn, now Dean of Norwich, with the approval of the whole Church. So I think the pamphlet is what you not very kindly, but truly characterized it. (Hear, near.) Mr. Dove—They were sometimes found fault with for not going to see their people. They were, he believed, much to blame, and he would be glad to be stirred up by his Churchwardens, for he held that a clergyman ought to do his day's work as well as any other man. He would move the reso lution. The Rev. T. Field seconded the motion. He believed its adoption would be the means of pro ducing more confidence and a better understanding between the clergy, the Bishop, and the laity, and would be the means by which the labours of those of the clergy who were most diligent would be duly recognised. Dr. Duncan would not have spoken but for the remarks of the Rev. Mr. Dove respecting marriage. He believed that the full service was appointed to be read in an age when society had different tastes, and there was less delicacy of feeling than existed now. It was a remnant of a gross age, such as that in which Sterne produced his "Tristram Shandy," and that it was not desirable that the full service should be read in the presence of a number of young ladies and children. His Lordship—Tristram Shandy is not in the Prayer-Book. (Laughter.) Dr. Duncan continued—He understood that both Houses of Convocation were about to address the Queen upon the revision of the rubric, which, if they were allowed to make it would only be necessary to get the ratification of Parliament His Lordship remarked that the question now was whether he should issue a Commission. He had looked into the matter, and it appeared to him that the motion called upon him to authorize the Churchwardens to become spies upon the Incum bents. He could not consent to do that, but he would consider as to what additional questions it might be desirable to put to the Incumbents. As to the marriage service having been compiled in a gross age, they could all form their opinion of that when they read of the Maids of Honour, in the reign of James II., of pious memory, getting drunk and spueing upon the floor—a fact which they might find recorded in history if they chose. He believed the action about to be taken by the Houses of Convocation would lead to a revision of the rubric. The Rev. S. Green hoped the Rev. Mr. Dove would withdraw his motion, or if not he would move an amendment. His Lordship remarked that if baptisms were celebrated during the service it might lead to the congregation leaving the church, which would be very undesirable, and there were no means by which they could be compelled to stay. Mr. S. Toms objected to the motion. He for one as a young man would most decidedly refuse to act as a spy, or even as an adviser of such an experienced clergyman as the Dean. It would be very presumptuous on hia part to do so. Mr. W. A. Cawthorne—The error in such cases would be in appointing such young Church wardens. (A laugh.) The Rev. J. Pollitt felt that at his time of life he did not require the guidance of the Church wardens as to the manner in which he should perform his duties, lie was always ready to obey the instructions of his Bishop, but he could not take any directions from strangers as to matters of order and discipline. The Rev. S. Green proposed as an amendment to strike out the words after "enquire into," and to substitute the words, "the mode of conducting the offices of the Church." Mr. G. W. Hawkes remarked that he under stood the terms of the motion to be such as required the returns to be made in accordance with the law of England. Mr. Toms seconded the amendment. The Rev. Canon Farr suggested that the ques tions should be sent to the Incumbents, and not to the Churchwardens. The Rev. G. Dove said he was only desirous that they should adopt the English practice. His Lordship explained that the Churchwardens in England had a legal status, which they had not here. The Rev. Canon Farr—Yes; and the questions they were required to answer were only such as related to the church rates, the state of the building, and matters of that kind. He particularly objected to the motion at the present time as implying that there must be a feeling of mutual distrust existing amongst them. Mr. F. R. Burton said he should oppose the motion and the amendment also, because the effect would be to place the Churchwardens in a false position. The Rev. R. Reid suggested that the Lord Bishop should be requested to prepare a form, similar to that used in England, to be filled up by the clergyman, showing how often the sacraments were administered, how the services generally were conducted, with various other particulars which legitimately were within the duties of the Incum bent to record. The Ven. Archdeacon Marryat suggested that the whole question should be referred to His Lord ship, with a request that he would take it into consideration. He objected to the motion on the ground that it would be offensive, and lead to the appointment of the Churchwardens as spies upon the clergy. The Rev. Jams Pollitt asked if there had been any ground of complaint as to the manner in which the clergy had performed their duties. His Lordship—That is a question of which you must give notice. (Laughter.) The amendment was negatived. Mr. Cawthorne moved the previous question. He understood that there was already a system existing requiring a number of questions to be answered in writing by the Incumbents, which only required to be extended and acted upon to effect all that was needed; whereas the motion, if adopted, might lead to much greater evils than many supposed. It might be so twisted and in terpreted by the Churchwardens or the Incumbents as to lead to a great deal of bickering and ill-feeling. The previous question was put by His Lordship in the form "Shall this question be now put?" and the Noes had it. THE ASSESSMENTS. The Rev. H. M. Pollitt, pursuant to notice, asked— "Whether if a congregation fail for one year to pay the assessment levied by the Standing Com mittee of Synod, such congregation shall be able without payment of arrears to send representatives to Synod in any succeeding year." His Lordship referred to the fundamental pro visions, and remarked that unless the congrega tions paid the assessments regularly, it would be impossible to meet the expenses of the office. His answer therefore was that the arrears must be paid before any particular church could be represented THE SYDNEY CONFERENCE. The Rev. Canon Farr, pursuant to notice, called attention to section 2 of the minutes and pro ceedings of the Bishops at Sydney, with a view to moving the appointment of a Select Committee to report upon it. The Committee was accordingly appointed, con sisting of the Lord Bishop, Archdeacon Marryat, Mr. L. W. Thrupp, Mr. N. Blyth. and the mover. REMOVAL OF CLERGYMEN. His Lordship stated that his remarks relative to the removal of clergymen from one cure to another had been misunderstood. He did not wish to restrict their liberties in cases of sickness or otherwise, but was only desirous that the con nection between the clergyman and his parishioners should not be too suddenly snapped asunder. (Hear, hear.) He wished before they separated also to express his thanks for their attendance, and his gratification that their discus sions had been conducted with so much good feeling. He hoped their deliberations would lead to the promotion of the glory of God, and the welfare, harmony, and peace of the Church. (Applause.) The proceedings closed with His Lordship pro nouncing the Episcopalian benediction. The Synod stands adjourned till Tuesday, May 25, at 3 o'clock. 