I;vVA;'T6UOHING SOENJE AT SEA:' [?] A touching scene at , sea : is /described by' tho New Yofk Sun aa.followa :— Two. weeks. ago, on board an Fpgfish/ steamer, a little ragged boy, aged pine, ygrs./wari/ discovered on the fourth day of the. voyage" out' from Liverpool to New York, .and; carrjed,before the first mate, whoso duty it was to dial ufttb such cases. When Questioned as to his olpjit, in. being stowed .away, and who had" brought him oil board, the boy, who had a beautiful sunny face, and eyes that looked the very mirrors of truth, rcpUed th$t bis step-lfatber did it, because lie could not'aSord to keep him, nor to pay his passage out to Halifax, where he had an aunt who was . well off, and to whose house' he was going. The'mate did not believe the story, in- spite of the winning face and truthful accents of the hoy. He' had seen, too npijch, of stowaways to be easily deceived, by them, fip paid ; and it was his firm conviction that the bpy bad been brought on board and provided with , fqod/by the "sailors. The little fellow was Very, roughly handled in consequence. Day by day he, wqs.qaeationed and requestioiied, but always with, the' "same result. He jlid -UCt know a sailor on board, and his, father alone bad secreted bim and given bim the food which he ate. At last the mate, wearied'by the boy's persistence in the same story, and'.perkaps a little anxious to iuculpate the sailors, seized: bim' Che day by the collar, and dragging him to, the/fore, told him that unless ho told the truth, m.pq'n/midutes from that time he would hang him to tne y ardarm. He thou made him sit down under it onthedeok. .All around him were the passengers and sailors qCtbe' midday watob, and in front of him stood the inqxorablu mate, with hie chronometer in his hrfnd, ana, the other officers of the ship by his side. It was the finest sight said our informant, he ever-beheld — to see the pale, proud, sorrowful face of that noble boy, his head erect, his beautiful eyes bright through the tears that suffused them. When eigh.t,minu,tes, had fled, the mate told him that he had but two minutes, to live, and advised him to speak the truth and save his fife; but he replied with the utmost sincerity by asking tbu mate if he might prayi ' The mate said nothing, but nodded bis heaA and turned as pale as a ghost, and shook with trembling like a reed in tbe wind. And there all eyes, turnqdi on. bim, the brave and noble little fellow/ this poor waif whom society owned not, and whose, own step-father could not onre for him, there he knelt, with olasped hands and oyes upturned to Heaven, While ho repeated audibly the Lord's Prayer, aud prayed the dear Lord Jesus, to take him to Heaven." Our informant adds' that there thou occurred a soene as of PcntecoBt. Sobs broke out from strong bard hearts, as the mafTo sprang forward to the boy and clasped him to liis bosom, and kissed him.nnd blessed him, and told him how sincerely be. new believed his story, and how glad he was that he had been brave enough to face death, and bo williDg to sacrifice bis life for the truth of his word. Monster Must kb of Musicians.— Tho National Peaco Jubilee in . America is said by tlio Americnn papers, to havo been a magnificent success. It was celebrated, by tbe greatest musical concert of modern times, The concert took placo in tbe Coliseum, a building whioh covers four uoros. Fifty thousand psrsons were, present tbe first day, amongst whom werq 13,000 .musiaans — viz. 1000 instrument, per formers, aud 12,000 singers. 