DAILY ISSUE. FRIDAY, 5th FEBRUARY,' 1869. There is only one Ministry, and M'Culloch is its prophet. To this formula, there seems to be ageneral agreement in and out of the House. The signs of discontent which have been faintly visible of late portend at most, it is believed, that some of the satellites of the great planet may fall in hideous ruin and combustion down, whilst the great central orb continues to roll in calm serenity and with unchecked speed. Under the dispensation of M'Culloch the colony has had the benefit of many legislative and administrative novelties. Having passed through a crisis and seen the business of Parliament quietly absorbed by the Ministry in regard to customs' duties with unshaken faith; having seen Sir Charles Dar ling urged on to destruction and then quietly abandoned, without a single murmur of disap pointment or expression of regret; "the people" are not likely to have their deeply rooted faith shaken by the paltry tactics of men in the corner, or by the combination of those who are not admirers of a single J ones or of the twin Smiths. The great M'Culloch dynasty stands still "four square to all the wiir is chat blow," if it is not and has not been ' exactly " square" in a vulgar sense. And the peculiarity of the position is, that no one can tell precisely why it is so strong—why there is something in the nature of our political life which prevents new parties being formed, and new men from taking the lead. Weary mem bers, who, if they do not long for office, hun ger for a change, go through the unusual exer cise of beating their brains, and are no wiser than before. Constitutionalists who are not absolutely asleep but yet not wide awake have dreams that are not all a dream, yet can nei ther do nor suggest anything. Like that typical dreamer, the coming man of the Rev. 0\. ICingsley, they "toss and sigh," but gain nothing by their restlessness, and their thoughts, if they do think, never ripen into deeds. So there is but one Ministry, and M'Culloch is and is likely to be its prophet. After this confession of faith, we are sure that no one will venture to suppose that we do not fully accept tilings as they are. All we ask is, tliat others shall do the same. Whilst like good politicians we submit to our kismet, or fate, and gently murmur " things must be as they may," we may venture to fol low Pistol a little further, and remark that knives have edges and folks mostly sleep with their throats about them. We of course wish to be understood purely in a Pickwickian sense. Like that celebrated guide of feminine youth along the flowery path of knowledge, Mrs Trimmer, who when she spoke of " the young ladies" kissing the rod meant a meta phorical kiss to an equally metaphorical bundle of birch twigs, so we merely mean that pro phets must and do, in reality, sometimes sleep, and so may be fallen upon and greatly mal treated. As for the constitutionalists, if any there be still they, like, Miss •Penelope Bird's sprite, have been attempting for a long time to lick the ghost of a foe " with the ghost of a stick," and their success is about as great as under the circumstances could be expected. Whilst, however, we recognise what our fate is, there is 110 reason why we should be un mindful of it, and we are compelled to remark, "in the name of the prophet—figs." For, in sober truth, our prophet, like some others, has his failings, and lias done and left undone things wliich would have ruined any man who did not preach a new religion, and was not rather followed and admired than criticised. What ever the Ministries of which Mr M'Culloch lias been the head may have been remarkable for, certainly they have not made a brilliant display of practical statesmanship. In the matter of cries they have perhaps surpassed the famous costermongers of London, but in the matter of wool they have been alarmingly deficient. Perhaps the things which they do best are things financial, and the " savings," now so celebrated, may be fairly said to have saved them. But after the brilliant success of " our new fiscal policy," the utmost that the present happy family under the guidance of the prophet can congratulate themselves upon is, that there is not a large deficiency. So cleverly lias the game been played that " the people " are asked to rejoice greatly that by the imposition of new taxes, which have yielded far more than was expected, by the sale of land, by the non-payment of sundry subsidies, and by mysterious "savings," the revenue will probably be made to meet the expenditure. Other finance Ministers have rejoiced in talcing taxes ofF, the pride of the M'Culloch Ministry is, that it put fresh taxes on—exhausted old fiscal dodges and then imagined new. And, to crown all, after re fusing to retrench when wicked free-trade journals urged that retrenchment was the true policy, not the imposition of new taxes, there is a grand finale, in which retrenchment is carried out with an energy like the energy of despair, and we have the taxes as well, to teach, according to Mr. Dilke, the miners the ■ duty of sacrificing themselves on principle, like the man in Pickwick who committed suicide by eating muffins. But " our new fiscal system" with its struggle for financial existence is not all. Years ago the Ministry, that is to say, a Min istry headed by the prophet, declared that waterworks were necessary for the salvation of the colony. Hon. members agreed, and so did the public. The works were begun and carried oil briskly, and no man suspected that there would be delay. But suddenly both the Coli ban and Geelong schemes were stopped, and the driest summer known for years burns up the country whilst idleness prevails. No man can tell the reason of this sudden change. That the money was gone there appears not to be a doubt, and the schedule of works to be done, which was laid before Parliament, was probably a sham made to cover a mistake. Then we had the Postal Conference, which was no con ference at all, concerning which a dozen tales were told, and all showing that the Ministry had made a mess. This was bungle number two. Contemporaneous with this there was the great Sunbury success, in which some hundred or more eyes wer.e lost by poor, helpless, deserted children, to say nothing of the sufferings from diseases propagated by bad management, and even gross neglect. Though the press,' representing most truly public opinion, denounced the wickedness of the mismanagement, our prophet, serenely calm and slightly injured, got up in his place and did not scruple to contradict statements of whose truth or falsehood he knew nothing. Then, as a present mercy, we have the wonder ful success shown in dealing with the small-pox. Many weeks ago, as we and other journals pointed out, there was such evidence as should have made any statesman act on the side of safety, yet the utmost that Mr M'Culloch could do was, to offer to appoint a commission to report, and while that com mission reported the evil was being done. Yet, with all these facts in our remembrance —to say nothing of the Land Act—we are asked to admire the wonderful admin istrative ability which has bean dis played, and we decline, respectfully but firmly. We say that great opportunities have been missed, and that many evils have been permitted which could and should have been prevented. Truly, there is but one Ministry and M'Culloch is its prophet, but that is no reason, seeing what has been done in the past, why we should not hope for another; or that whilst the prophet is teaching "the people" he would learn a little practical statesmanship himself. 