Letters to the Editor. Wit. ADAM'S SPKIX'IC AT WAISATAU. Tn Che .H'lihr nflhc Ncuxwilk Cltmn ic'.c. Sill— In hu spcecli at Wurcituh, thu other evening, uiiun the Wur.it.ili (JyriwruUuli, Mr. T. A.luui insult: 'o many IjIuihIl-I's, mid gavu iitti.-rauuu tu «u many stute muiits tliu ui-jiu.silu uf truth, that 1 liupe you will iill,,w Hie it siisivll sjr.tou tii ux|-oau '.mil point it fow of Ilium out. The object Mr. Adam had in view in culling this iiieetiir' iiiiiiuaruil tu be tu si.sk them to reijont, and ' unduM what, only a sliuit timu liel'ore, they had dune, i.e., he had iiersiiaded' the inhabitants of Wiirsilali that it would bi; to their advautsisje that Oiiubygniiibiih should be joined to tho proposed Wuratnh (Jorpoisition, and ii'no ho had conic to tell them thsit it would Im tu their -/i«ul\'aul;igo ; hu hsid been wrung in his judg. mont, mid now he had come to swallow hi.s words and ' out the leek' iu public, sinil usU them to ilu likewise. Mr. Adam might well consider this si ' humiliating position' in which to be plstccd, for so it wsis. This humilisitiun would have been spared him hud lie gone about the busincs.-: in a i»o]iur insiuner, by calling si meeting of the residents mid property-owners of One bygambah, instead of handing them over to Winiilali without their being consulted iu the matter. Tim in bsiliitsints :md owners of property in this ward wro never siskeil whether they would be willing to join the Wiiriitsih Curporiiliuii or not, Imt, without their know, ledge -jr consent, the ward of (Jnuhygsmibiih wa.i an nexed to thu petition lor tin- incorporation of U'aiatah, iu a manner ijuitc cbaracteristie of the incorporator giMiernl of the district; and sis a proof llisit they had no wish to join the Wsiratah Curpnisiliun, the n.sijority interested iu Uus wsird huve signed the petition against joining U'aratali, and, iu (:on*e.|iiom.r, .Mr. Adam has had t» nmyu a resolution, in u pul.Uo meeting sit War.i tali, requesting the Colonial H..uii:tnry to ': grant the prnyer ui tlie counter-petitioners,' thus adding smother to the many abortive and unfortunate schemes with which Air. Adam lnus been connected in Newcastle. Finding that the residents of - lnel.ygaml.ah will not accept bis scheme uf ineorpoialion, lie now tills them he does not want them, suid, though vanquished siml Moored in tbe speech referred to, lie endeavours to give a few parting kicks before he gives up the ghost. i\lr. Ailsun charges tiie counter- petitioners with a ' inon slious nut of induuuiiuv ;' vho '' signatures wele obtain ed by I'aUci.ood nnd 'deceit j' they were '-guilty of I'iiUi'liti'xl in its grussusl lorm ;' sinil ' they might be puiii.iln.-d fur what they had d.n.e ;' the ' lirst sentence was sin infamous falsehood,' mid they bad ' sipp,, relied the Throne with a tissue of falsehood.*,' ic. As re ported, these are only a fow of the clmi-gos he makes against the counlrr-petitioiiers ; but tbeie i.i no Until in any of ihe charges, and they sue nii.de because Mr. Adam is ignorant of the wording of the petition itself. Fortunately, a copy of the petition was kept previous to iu transmission tu tliu Uovcruoi1. in Nuvumlim- l-.ist, nnd tiioau wiiu read the petition, sis printed in thu local p.ipeis, would olweive lir.it it iloes not pmpoit to be tin.- «-/c.//f of tin; petition, l.ut I lie iilb-st-tnci: iiml prayer of a petition rtu.-ived on the I'.th of November last. Mr. A. lam says. '-The petition commences bv .-siying, ' we, the iiiLiinlaiiM ui ilnuiygambsd.,' ' ana'ihi.iliing he has discuvcied a m«re\s-iie.-t, ej.ultingly .?.??.claims, '? Was Dr. Uroukos, or Kc.tt, or Taylor, or Wallwoik, inhabitant) of Uiiubygnmbah ?-iu fact, he did n.it be lieve tiiere was Jj:ilf-;i-il...zoJi of the petitioner living within the proposed boundaries. Here, tl.eu,' bays .Mr. Adsun, ' iu tl.j tiisl oeiiteiicu, was uu infamous falsehood.' N..w, Mr. Adam Itad not the pillion be fore liim— lie bad only a portion of it— nnd baling only a portion beioio him, how ilid lie know how nnicli or what piirtioii was omitted'/ Tiie lirst sentence in the petition sent to the l.'overnor is us follows — ' We, your liieiiiuinilists, being inmn uric lesuk-utB u,tU jiruimn u,t;,tu\i in the n.iioc,' tin. Here, i: will be .seen, the most important part of the sentence, ''and pioperty owneis,'1 was omitted - hence .Mr. Adam's egregious tuUtsike. This ' infamous falsehood' turns out to be an ' infamous' blunder or falsehood of Mr. Adam's, liis next ijuutntiun from the '' subntsiucu ' of the petition is equally uiifortuu .te. Says .Mr. Adam : 'The next clause rufened to liiillock Island, which, nccjidiug tu the petitioner.!, was separated from Newcastle by a shallow wash only, .Is y at low water. Now, the words iu the petition sent to the Government are '' partly'' dry at low water, which alters the son.-a) entirely. Mr. A. says : ' Who ever saw it dry / They knew as well sis he did that it would drown the tallest man iu Newcastle at low water.' This is smother mis take, or worse, of Mr. Adam. Mosses and drays are passing over tlie plucu e .??;!-? week at low water, without the wsiter reaching the bottom of the dray, anil at one plncu thu water is not more than fifteen inches duvp, and yet -Mr. Adam says sit low water it will ?'drown the tallest man in Newcastle.' What next? Mr. A. continues : 'Then the petition went on to s.ty a por tion of tbe brfdge or roadway for the purpose of con necting Jiullock Island with the main land hud been sanctioned by the -Minister for Works, and constructed by tiie corporation of Newcastle at an expense of i'L'.'iU to petitioners, Ac.' Tiie words in the petition are as follows : — ' A uet'tiiin portion of the, said roadway from Jilanestreet across the (Jre.it Northern Kailway, in tho direction of tliu Island, lists not only been sanctioned by the Minister for Public Works, but lnis already been constructed by, and sit the expense of. the corporation of Newcastle, iu view of the erection of the said bridge, stud towards the cost of which funds to the extent of i'-'OU or thereabouts have been subscribed by your memorialists, under u promise that the (loverniuent were prcpsired to supplement tlie same with si sum of L.'iU0. to be placed on the Jistiuiatcs for 1S0S.' This passage does not say that the nieiiiorisdisls have spent .C-Till on the roadway, but simply that they have pro mised that niiiuiiiit upon condition that tlie (.invent mont supplement it with X'OU'J for the erection of tbe bridge, which is st continuation of the roadway, tjuito a di'lferent statement to saying they had spent .C-.'.jl) upon tlie roadway lo the island, and which tho petition never said iiad been spent. Did your space peiuii:, 1 might continue to expose further blunders iu this out rsigeotis and abusive .speech. .Mr. Adam said he atten ded si meeting of those opposed to joining Wsiratsih, and though thinly attended, the meeting decided by a ma jority that Onebyganibah should join Waratah ; but hu did not tell the meeting that the majority consisted of his own vote, and that vote wsis given nfiur he had stated that be had not nn inch of l.md nt - liieWygnmbali, and that majority would have been revoi'sccl hail thu chairman given the vutu ho had thu power to give. Air, Ailnni says be ' ltegards the voicu of the people as tho voice of Qod,' and, consequently, looked upon tlie do* uisou of that meeting sis ''liual.' At this meeting theic were eleven votes given — five on one side smd six ou the other. Taking live nn one side to neutralise five on the other, there was, then, one vutu to constitute thu voice of the people, mid this vote was Mr. Adam's, which was the voice of the people, which was the voice of God, mid, therefore, nt once 'tinnl,' Such arrog ance and conceit, .Mr. 1-Mitor, almost talced away one's breath, and is enough to ilabbcrgast the most hardened public charsicter even in the colony. Mr. Adam says lie also attended another meeting, 'at which there were again thirteen persons present.' This is another mistako, or worse, as tho reports in both of the local papers will attest. Ilu says he addressed u few obser vations to the meeting, sifter which '-he left the room amidst tlie rapturous sipplause of thu meeting.' tjo far. was tho meeting from approving his remarks that when ho left tin; room some houtud and others cheered liis going away, because, as he himself states, ' hu had imported into tho meeting an element which was dea truotivo to peace and order,' and, therefore, the meet ing was glsul to bo rid of him, as was, under the circum stance.!, unite natural. Your spsice forbids more at present, I therefore close. Yours, &e.;, ? CIVIS. 