The riiode of action which has always characterised tho City Council in re ference to the sewerage of Melbourno shows plainly that that body is utterly incompetent to deal with the subject. It iB clearly a matter above and beyond the resourcea of the collective civic wisdom. And this is shown not only in the way they canvass the question of providing funds for this great and urgent work, but also in their mannor of treating the subject of the operations, as well of survey as of engineering, which must be executed in order to supply the city with a proper and effective system of sewerage. With respect to the financial branch of the subject, they appear unable to devise any better means of raising the requisite funds than appropriatien of some mythical sum of £200,000, which they allege to be due from the public exchequer to tho Corpo ration on the score of the city sewerage. The shadowy foundation upon which this supposed claim is advanced perfectly typifies the impracticable views of the Council upon tho entire question. In the old antediluvian times of Governor Latrobe, before Constitutional govern ment had had its beginning in the colony, that gentleman, on some one oc casion or another, promised to apply to the Imperial Government in England, which at that time claimed ospecial control over the land fund of tho colony, for the appropriation out of that fund of a sum of money to bo applied to furnish ing Melbourne with a twofold system of water supply and sewerage. And the city Solons of the present day havo in some insorutable fashion identifiod this promise of Governor Latrode's with the existence of an imaginary debt of £200,000, assumed by them to be duo to the Corporation for the purposes of sewerage. They have boen speechifying amongst themselves, and deputation ising the Ministry^ within the last few weeka in reference to this ima ginary debt, alleging that if they could but once get hold of this money they would astonish the citizens with the wonders they would work in cleansing the high-ways and bye-ways of Mel bourne. Although it is scarcely worth while to bestow a serious thought upon this ghost of a claim, it may be men tioned that the fact of Mr Latrobe tvriiing a despatch- to tho Colonial Office in London sixteen years ago, asking for a grant of money out of tho land fund, does not establish the fact that any such grant was made, or that any special ap propriation of funds for sewerage pur poses was made at tho time. But even if they were able to show thet Go vernor Latrobe's roquest had been favorably entertained in Downiag street, the fact of no active mea sires htving been taken in conse quence by the local Government here at the time, and tho long period that has olaCSSd withou^ anything having been done to substantiate siidll it pouuH''-; claim, combino to show that there is no foundation whatever for this demand on tho Government Treasury at the present time. Wo only refer to the matter, how ever, for the purpose of pointing out what very weak notions prevail with tho City Councillors upon a matter of such grave importance as the financial arrangements necessary to meet the expenditure of tho thorough drainage of Melbourne. What is wanted is the formation by tho Government of a special Sewerage Commission, csmpdsed of gentlemen of peculiar aptitude, knowledge and ad ministrative skill for the work, and who would bo altogether independent of the City Council. Just as a Harbor Trust is formed as a special body for the im provement of the port in certain maritime cities in the United Kingdom, so with us a Sewerage Commission must be formed, if we mean to see Melbourne, in our generation at least, made a clean and healthy city. If the scientific resources of our community cannot furnish an en gineer of the requisite ability and experience to plan and execute an effec tive system jof drainage for the city, then it would be'eome tho duty of the Com mission to introduce a suitable profes sional gentleman for tho purpose from Europe. This would relieve us from much official twaddle, as well as fulfil the anxious desire that every intel ligent inhabitant of Melbourno has to see an efficacious moans of cleansing the city put in practice and the chances of epidemic disease within its boundaries reduced to a minimum. The funds for this great work can be properly provided only by means of a loan secured on the' city rates. The Government possesses superior means of contracting a loan for this purpose on the most advantageous terms. And doubt less, when the matter is taken altogether out of the hands of tho City Council, and vested in a commission or board nomin ated by the Government, Ministers would see no reason to withhold their good offices in applying their credit to raise a loan, say at 5 per cent., for meeting the expenditure of a complete and effective system of sewerage for Melbourne and its suburbs. After the subject has been turned up from every possible point of view, it will be found that this is the only true and efficacious means of accomplish ing the desideratum of a well-drained city on the banks of the Yarra. And we re commend it- to tho earlv and snecial attention of tho Melbourne public. It is literally a matter of life and death with hundreds of tho persons who are closely confined to business daily within the thoroughfares of Melbourne. The labors of the Complaint Committee can scarcely be considered to have con- cluded till a satisfactory statement of the expenditure of the funds of a certain discreditable association has been divulged. That a large sum was collected is clearly admitted ; the committee has been furnished with the names of the subscribers, and the amount contributed by each. But the information with regard to the disposal of this money is suspiciously meagre. We want the credit as well as the debit side of the account. We want the names of the recipients and the amount paid to each. Certain witnesses have admitted that they had the handling of this money, and they should be made to account for it. The dead cannot speak, but the living should be compelled to divulge. Here is a list of the subscribers, with the amounts subscribed by each, as furnished by Mr Ettershank :— Hugh Glass ... ... £1500 Hugh Glass ... ... 1000 Winter Brothers ... ... 1000 Winter Brothers ... ... 750 Russell and Co. ... ... 500 Russell and Co. ... ... 350 Holmes, White and Co. ... ... 500 Holmes, White and Co. ... ... 500 W. S. Anderson and Co ... ... 250 W. S. Anderson and Co. ... ... 250 Gibbs, Ronald and Co. ... ... 150 Gibbs, Ronald and Co. ... ... 150 Joseph Raleigh ... ... 100 Argyle and Booth ... ... 250 Argyle and Booth ... ... 250 Wm. Fenton ... ... 75 Wm. Fenton ... ... 75 Wm. Fenton ... ... 100 Joseph Raleigh ... ... 75 Joseph Raleigh ... ... 75 J. D. M'Haffie ... ... 75 J. D. M'Haffie ... ... 100 J. D. M'Haffie ... ... 75 Total ... ... £8150 Of this amount there was, not collected, or afterwards returned, £1000 to Mr Hugh Glass ; £500 to Messrs Winter Brothers ; £500 to Mr W. S. Ander- son, and £150 to Messrs Gibbs, Ronald and Co. There was also an unexpended balance of £800, making together £2150, which, if deducted from the above, will leave to be accounted for £5200. Of this amount, it is in evidence that there passed into the hands of Mr Kyte, £1500 ; of Mr Snodgrass, £1049, and of Mr Glass £1000; in all £4549, out of the £5200 collected. So far this is satis- factory enough. But what did Mr Glass and the others do with this money ? Mr Glass says ho can give the committee no information as to the expenditure of the £1000 acknowledged to have been re- ceived by him. Thus, the witnesses ex- amined have only accounted for the fol- lowing payments :— Mr C. E. Jone ... ... £927 0 Mr Batters ... ... 250 0 Mr Foott ... ... 200 0 Mr Orr ... ... 100 0 Mr F. L. Smyth ... ... 100 0 Mr G. C. Lovey ... ... 60 0 Mr G. C. Levey ... ... 97 10 Mr Taylor ... ... 100 0 Law expenses ... ... 578 10 Sundry small sums, say ... ... 50 0 Total ... ... £2463 0 That is to say, out of a sum of £5200 collected, we have only £2463, or less than one-half, accounted for. There is another important point. Those who had the disbursement of this money were careful to take promissory notes for all the sums paid, as by this means only they had a hold over those whose services they wished to secure. Where are those promissory notes ? Mr Glass ad- mitted there were 17 of such notes in existence ; Mr Wheatley said there were 80. Whether 17 or 80, let them be produced. It is now evidently the role of the Con- stitutional party to embarrass the Com- mittee and to disparage its proceedings. Those who at first affected to court publicity, hailing the appointment of such a tribunal with hypocritical approval, have latterly summoned up courage to misrepresent the conduct of some of the members ; and the Collins-street oracle has had the characteristic effrontery to say that the questions at issue should not have been remitted to such a commitee at all. one day we are gravely informed that the matter should have been referred to a judge of the Supreme Court, while the merest tyro must be aware that a judge would have no jurisdiction whatever in such a case, which involves neither tort, breach of contract nor any other viola- tion of the law—the proper subjects of injunction in the courts. Again, we are pompously told that the question ought to have been referred to an independent Royal Commission, as if Parliament would delegate its functions to any body not composed of its own members. In addition to this, however, a Royal Commission would have no authority to elicit the truth from reluc- tant witnesses on pain of being reported to the Assembly for punishment, so that its examination would be practically a farce. We have referred to these, the suggestions of manifest ignorance, in order to show that such a committee as the present is the only adequate tribunal for such a cause. In point of fact, it stands in the place of the Legis- lative Assembly so far as the present in- vestigation is concerned. With com- mendable intrepidity and impartiality, the members of the Committee have hitherto discharged their important trust ; and we have not the slightest fear that anything will divert them from the end the country anticipates. 