ENLARGEMENT OF THE PETERSHAM CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone for the en largement of the Congregational Churoo, Petersham, {took place yesterday afternoon, in presence of a Bumarous . assemblage of persons. Proceedings having been commenced by the singing! of a hymn, the Bev. W. Slatyer read a portien of Soripture, after which the Bev. J. P. Sunderiand engaged in prayer. \- The Rev. Thomas Bosebt (pastor of the church) then addressed the meeting. He said that the present building ivlitnh vaji jthnnt tn fu flnlnnraL woflld HflAt about' one hundred and fifty persons. During the past twelvp or eighteen months, it had been found that the inoraased population which bad oome into the district, and the grow ing desire expressed by many occasional -visitors to the church to make their permanent dwelling plaoe at Petersham, ? had rendered it neoessary that some ?effort should be made to enlarge the dhuroh. Beveral abortive attempts had bees . made, . bn. he now rejoiced to know that they' were that day to cduj tnence the -work -to which they had so long desired to put their hands. The addition wkiofc was about to be put to the present building would afford accommodation for a,bout one hundred persons. A, omuiderabls number of persons had asked for sittings, but the church had hitherto been too email to accommodate Stem. : There was, therefore, every . expectation— and, although he was not sanguine, he shared in that expectation— -that In » very short rime they would have many ef Ihe new sittings let. In addition to that, ecoommottation ought to be found for oooaaioiial visitors; w.vj 3IUKUI1 AAV* *v ire nuvnou w icw «uwimo(tv0m dw^u^oi-) bnt loughtto reoeiveB weloome. And it was vary desirable , ?that there should be some afloammodation for fe^sons who. might ? owuall/ enter that phvse of worship. Tben again, the district, was. a jmpulous one, and, oontained many persons who were really too poop to payiortheordtaanoesof religten. . But they ought not to be excluded from the House of God on aooount.of their poverty. - Boom.ought to he found fcrsuoh persons in the church, and they ought to be welcomed as -gratuitous visitors. He therefor* greatly rejoiced that on the present occaeisn they were actually doing what they hadjlon? wished to do. Be rejoiced that after a long period of Com parative inactivity and stagnation, there was now a better prospect of .an increasing population in the district. With regard to pecuniary .matter*, he might .mention that the enlargement, it was estimated, would cost about £100, i The eotaoicagh in hand was somewhere about £84. .There were promises to - the amount of, about £15. . There was ' also a considerable amount of money which had been . col leoted— probably about. £52— which had sot yet been re ported to Ihe treasurers. Thus a balance of about £210 remained to be. raited, in order that the enUrge ment might be free from debt. The o{?cers and oosgKgation of the church were much indebted to the \- gentleman who was about to lay the stone, tot tbe loin of £160. He then proceeded to read the dbaumoate, which were to be sealed up in a bottle, and placed in the oavity left for its reception. . \- The documents read as follows :?— ' The foundation-stone of this Cosgregational Church was laid by David Jonoi, Esq., of Sydney, on Monday afternoon, September IB, in the year of our Lord, 1869, and in the 33rd year of the reign of our Most Gracious Sovereign Queen Victoria ; the Jit. Honble. the Earl of Belmore being Govemor- in-Ohief of the colony of New South .Wales. The Bev. Sajnuel Chambers Kant being chairman of the Congregational Union of New South Wiles. Faster ef the Churoh : The Bev. Thomas B-oeeby, [Then followed the names of the tnibtees and deaoons of tbe church.] Memoranda : From October, 1862, to August, 1861, the congrega tion was supplied with preachers from the Congregational .Evangelists' Association. On the 2lst August, 1861, a church was formed,' over which tho Bev. Allan Webb .presided as acting minister, whioh he continued to do until 1666\. On the 29th September, 1866, the ministry of the 'church was supplied by students from Camden College, and by other members of the CongregttioBal Evangelists' Association. On Ootober 3rd, 1867, Mr. Thomas Boieby, student of Camden College, was «rdained pastor of the Churoh. Note.— The paper of which the following is an exact copy, -wbb placed/ together with a copy of the Suitmi Morning Mereld and the Empire, in a bottle under the old foundation stone. Bat all. these having been found de stroyed by the damp, the following is bow placed in1 the bottle as a restoration of the old paper :— ' The foundation etbne of the Congregatisnal Church, Petersham, was laid by John Bow, Ksq., of Burwood, on Thursday, October 0, Anno Domini, 1862, in the 26th year of the reign of. Her most gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, His Exoellenoy Sir John Young, K. C. B.. being Govemor-in-Chief of the BefideB the above document, a copy of the Sydney Morn ing. Herald and the Empire were inserted in the bottle. The Bev. Ur.Botsvr tben handed to Mr. David Jones an elfgant mallet, made of polished tulip wood, and a trowel, on which was a suitable inscription. , Mr. David Jokes then proceeded to lay the stone in the name of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. In addressing ihe meeting, he said that he aooepted, with reluctance, tno position Which he was then occupying, knowing his in ability to perform the duties required for such a ceremony, and to cay anything which would be at all interesting on such an occasion. But in consequence of his great respeot for tbe pastor, dcacone, and many of the congregation of the church, he could not refuse their request. The enlarge ment of the church was an indication that the Lord hud Wesfod the labours of its pastor, and increased thu number of attendants. He trusted that God would still prosper tae Church more and more ; and, as population inoreavod, he ? hoped that in a few years the building would have to be further enlnrgcd, or a nnw building creeled nnd the present one taken for a bi'hoi.lrooui, or for a pareonagn for the exoollent minister wlw now presided gvor it. The moef glorious and important occupation on which we could entnr cm earth was the extension of our Saviour's kingdom. We I rdended sot to consecrate, as some imagined they do. For wo believe that the moment our Saviour descended upon earth He oonsecraied cvory inch of ground for the preaching of his everlasting Gospel. By that day's cere mony it wn« designed to set apirt a house for pr.iyor, and in which might be preached the Word of Gi»l ; and he pintoioly trunted that the preaching of that Word would bear abundant fruit. A hymn waB then sung, after which the Bev T. S. For saith engaged in prayer. The Bev. S. C. Kent then addressed the assemblage. He said tbat the work in which they were then engaged waa one of exceeding great interest and importance. He believe! that the Christian Church was doing a great work in this hied in developing the intelligence of the people. Oar pail 01 6 were amongst the best instructed ef our citizenn, und in gathering the people together from week to week they were doing a great and important work in improving the intellect of the country. Then we had our Bible clats«B end Sunday schools ; and he felt that those who wished well to the land ought to be interested in, and attach importance to, en occasion lika tbe present. Surely much of the peace and safety we enjoyed was to be attributed to the religious teaching ministered to the people from week to week. It was better to enlarge the House of God tbsn build a watch-house or a gaol. If we really loved our countrymen, and desired their temporal — to say nothing . of their spiritual— well-being, we Bhould be found taking on interest in the enlargement of our houtes of prayer. The rev. gentlemen concluded by exhorting the congregation of the church whioh was about to be enlarged, to be sincere, earnest, nnd continuous in prayer for the prosperity of the church, and expressed his wishes for the successful minis tration of the Bev. Mr. Boseby. A bymn was then sung, acd the benediction pronouuoei. A collection in aid of the building fond was made on the ground. 