TIHE LAST ATROCITIES IN NEW ZEALAND. Te Kooti, on Saturday morning, April 10, attacked the pa Iukec, which was garrisoned by Rlutene, the policeman ; Hats, a very fine native; Rupihmanm, a ?n of Paul Rorepu; and three old men, besides women and children. They held out bravely against great odds. On Sunday morning a message came from To Kooti, offering them their lives, &e.;, if they would surrender. He was unfortusnaely believed, and thle pa opcncd to thle enemy. On being admitted, one man stepped forward, announced hlimself as Te Klooti, shook hands all round, and ordered all thle guns to be handed over. All did so, with tlhe exception of HIeto, lwho said, "If I give you my gun you will kill me." Upon this To Kiooti pointed hIis own gun at hIim, lwhich IIota knocked aside, at tIhe same tisie raising hisown ridle and firing. The charge lodged in Te Knooti's body, and he fell instantly. His followers thereupon shlot Heta, Rutene, and othlers. Rupilhasna was shot through the body, and fell wilh the rest, close to the entrance of the pa; but, duriag the confusion caused by Te Kooti being carried away, Ihe managed to crawl aside, roll down the cliff into the river, and hIide on thle banks till night, when le crawled to the big pa, into which he was admitted. Re is now under the care of Dr. Russell, who has hopes of his recorery. Tie above is thle statement made by Rupihlana and by tie women, enulsined separately. It would appear that the IHaulhaus crossed the river and attacked Mr. Lavin's place about right o'clock in the morning, after they had comnpleted the destruction of thle friendly natives' sgttlemet in thle oneighbour. hood. Ifsr. Insvis's lchildren were down at thle river, sailing a little boat at thle ford. Thley must hare seen the lanuhaus crossing, but could not have suspected what they were till they got close enoughl to dismount and give them chase. Thie lchildren were bayoneted and tomahawked as thley ran, but not shot, thle Iauhuoaus apparently reserving tlhcir fire for the .ndults. Thie youngest child was over. taken about thirty yards from tlhe river bank, and fell witlh his face towards the house. Tile next boy, about ten yards ahead of hlim, was lying in tlhe sante position, sithl seven bayonet wounds througlh his body; and the eldest boy, about thie same distauoce in front, had nearly reacheed Mr. Cooper's gate before Ihe received hIis deathl-blow. The sereams of thea children alarmed Mr. Cooper, who ran towards IMr. Lavin's hsouse, about 100 yards distsnt, to give tahem warning. ito musst have been fired at ma he ran and mortally wounded, as hIe Ihad not got far up the hill at the back of Mr. Luei1a's house before he fell dead. Mr. and lirs. Larin, in all probability, heard the shlots fired at poor Coopler before he reached themn, as tlhey Ihad clambered over the paddock fence nud got about thirty yards beyond hlim into somae thick maukha scrub, before they fell. Mrs. Lavin had a pair of boots in hler lhand, whichl in all probability she snatched up, thinking she might hIave to travel some distance through thle bush; she had also hIer gold watch, purse, and a packet of deeds. Pl'oor Lovin lad his loaded revolver at his side. It does not appear that tie IHalhaus followed them over the fence into thle scrueb, as the dead had not been plundered or their bodies touched. The savages, not klnowing tlheir victlims had succumbed so soon, were apparently afraid to follow into the scrub lost thely might be fired at, butreturned to thle houses. After takisg everything they burned them the ground. Poor Lavin and his wife must have albrded an easy mark to the IHaulhaos as thsey uscuded the slope and climbed over the fence. They had onltty got about fifteeo yards inlto the scrub before one,if not both, must have felt that they were dyiSg, and laid down ol thle ground. They were ling side by side poor Lavin with his Ioarm atfectiotately round hIis wife's neck. Thie sad spectacle deeply afiected the metn as tlay stood around. As the day was fast closing there owas only time to bury tle children, but the parents were buried early the next morning by somne of the troolp who returned for thie Iturpose. Tie latest advices state that l11auhau fires and one or two Ihoestiie natives have been seen between Pctsne and Tutlre ]Laktce; and there is roeason to slppose tlhat there are scattlered partic? of orebels i that vieitity. t ,eeA'l'y Newse. The tI'lsandni Chronicle tmsles thie following rc nlarks onil Is suabjet of" Maos'i Ihcads" :---" Thus ,rotee Coltel \Wthilmorte to tile Defense Miniister, after hie had paid £50 for thie hIat of Nikore, over wlsicl te e'sid Nikora's wife weplt tilteris. t nowap Otears thsat Nikorn, so tsr f'rost bhing killtd, was no vcros wounded, alnd that aeetording tI latest advices, he is actively engagesd as To K'ooti's ighlting gCnerCl. ItRansihlo is also in the latd of the ling, and without wuoud or ver.thl aclivecly eongaged ogainst us. T' ]ioosi's oouds adlso turn out a myth, ond inlocad of "every lmat of note biting killed," the £50 paidi for a lcuad s:aid to be that of Niko' has been aid for a head foisted upon Colonel \VWlitmore as that of thle ligIhting chief, rwhichl is still ixed upon hIis shoatlters. TasuS much for "heads," but still we indulge the hope that tile throe brought in by Koemp and his men are those of the chiefs mentioned, and that unlike those of Nikora and Raugiaho, their ghosts will not again arise to laugh at our beards, and defiantly whirl the toma hawk in the faces of tile affrighted settlers. As a general rule something like an inquest should be held upon heads for which a price is offercd, that no spu rious articles may be pawned off upon thle Colonial Treasury chest at £50 a piece, while they are intrinsically worth no nmore thou the powder and ball expended upon them. We believe it ihas been shown that considerably over a ton wceightofnammunition has been expended for every Saori shot during the lastsir or sol, years. The cost per head st that rate is very considerable, and before we pay from £50 to £1000 for ieads we should adopt measures to ascertain that the article paid for is genuine and not spurious. In fact there is considerable danger of a trade in tile sale to Government of spurious iheads springing up." P)RINCc ALFREnD AND THE StAORIES.-Prince Alfred and tile Staorics are on the most friendly terms. Both hare evidently " kissed thebo blarney stone." His Royal Higlhnes and the natives are equally polite and probably equally sincere. The chiefs and pconle of tIhe native tribes residing in tuhe pirovinces of Nlson and Marlborough presented to the Prince the following addrrss:-"This is an address of welcome to our visitor from afar. Salutations to yoe, O Prince. We greet you as the whlite crano of rare appearance. Salutations to you, the son of our Gracious Sovereign thie Queen, the parent of both races of New Zealand, the iaori and Pakehla. Welcome, welcome. You barne come from a distant lanud beyond thie horizon to visit us, and we lhail your safe arrival amongst your loving people of this island, who are living in peace in tie world of sunshine and the world of light, with feelings of loanlty and pleasure." Prince Alfred replied:--" Sty Friends,-It is wilth no ordinary feeling of gratification and of interest that I find myself for thie first timeo on tile elsore of Neh'cw Zealand, your beautiful and interesting country. Be assured that tihe Queen will receive with no little satisfaction the arcount of my reception amongst you; proving no it does that hier lfeelings towards the luoories are met on their phart by the most devoted and loyal attaclhment to heraelf, hier tlhrone, and family: Once more, O friends, receive my thanks, and when I am separated from you by thlousands of miles of sea, think of the son of your Queen, who prays for your pros perity and happiness. .\tLvnED." A reward of £1000 lhas been offered by the Govern ment of Canterhbry for the first hundredtonsnofsugar from beetroot made in that province. E?IaPera's AND RanIL.'Ars.-- The paragraph under this Ieading, lwhich appeared some time ageo i our columns, having been copied into the 8. If. ierald, thIe following letter ihas been addressed to tihe editor of thatjournal :-" Sir,-Your issue of Wednesday last contained an extract under the hIeading of ' The ile phalsnt and tie Railway,' from the Inldo.-Eropean Corresilondenee, stating that a very serious accident, brought about in a manner unknown, and perhaps unhleard of, since the establismecnt of railways, not only in India, but throughlout the world, happened to a train betwon Sahebgungeand Mirapor. IHistorv repeats itself, and it is a fact that events are often re produced with singular coincidence. In the month of .ulane, 1857,-I was proceeding by the morning train from Itowinh to Rtanecgunge on the E. I. R., starting from the Howiuh terminus, which is 'just across' the Hoogly from Calcutta ; all went well, and thIe train was, if my memory is correct, approaching a spot be tween Pundooah and Burdwan, where the Grand Trunk Road winds across the railway, by a lrevel cras ing, protected on each side by swing-gates of massive teak. On our righlt were seen about twentyelelphants marching along the road, under the leadership of a huge bull, on their way to the military depit, laner guge. The elephiants were advancing by their palth obliquely to the 'line,' and going in almaost the same disetion as the train, lwhen Dolnm, the driver (formerly of tle P. and O. aerrice), blew hIis whistle for tihe native gatekeeper to close thie road. The order was obeyed, when, to our astonisihment and alarm, the ' old tusker'--perjaps affronted by the closing of the gate in hIis face, or by tie facet that tile engine bore thie name ' Elephant' in large brass letters on the side plantes-after a loud trumpeting, came down, despite tihe efforts of thle mahout, at the charge, crashled Lthrough tile gate of teook, throwing tlhe wreck from his tusks, and in another moment would have struck the engise, then almost abreast of him, but for the proui dential self-possession of Dunn, thIe driver, who blew through his cylinderon that eide,eculdingthe elephant instantly by a well- timed jet. Tbhe brute spun round with a roar of pasin and surprise, our buffer-beam just grazing him slightly but enough to hark him badly, for he rushed through the fence by the railway side, helter-skelter over the garden of the lodge, roaring as elephants only can. Beyond the exceitmceat of the two or three minutes in whichl it occurred, and the slight jar from the concussion, the train and those in it were uninjured." 