A POOR MAX OX A TENDER SUBJECT. 1 cng a eosg of a. pcblizan, A wicked man wt he, lie- kept the Goat ud Compares For ff'T-y years ^nd threes To all the paople ronr.-l ah- >ut. He sold ILO end OF b-.~-r: Very strong beer it f wot, ' In. the: &eseoa; or tLe year.' We dcaas it, dcazik it, tiiirht an.^ -lay, I and my mat/f, ezch ol€ : tkoagh we llilJe knew what kind of a brew Cams out of the laa-ikjui'e tuo. Jt pet etrsrge fancI;-= in oar hoa is, L.-:sl£twaj'i it /Ji-i in i.'.ii.e ; Eicspt when I to fall asl .-ep, Ua-.-otis-jxuus as tie I foscd the secret oat at last. I need not t^ll bvw — II- served the beer is they s-rre the railk, By the help of th.- izror. cow. And had it been no was than this, It were a cruel sin : Bet he made it wuss a wery grcut 'i^al By the pis-jrts he pet in. He made it strong with deadly drag. The Ifizqer fools -zrere we— To drink ar.d pay for such ras'jal stuff For thirty years ani thfee. Bat. as I've eaid, I've fozai him oat. An-i.vo~ei to driiik no more— Ltct I shocli Etaad in the felsn's do-k, Or £na-k at the workhouse door. Diet, who drank it for kn long veeiSj Murdered hie blessed '^fe ; Which he wouldn't ha" lor.e ~crt for the beer, For he loved her niorj than life. Aid Tom went wrsng. and Dick went dc-a i, Ar..^ Joe went o*it o: his mind ; • ; j While Bill and Sarn ran risct away. And left their vriv-.-s tehiid. And maay oth.-:r fine ftllowr I knew, Grew old before their time ; Or coaid not a job of work. To keep their hands it jm crime. Fhe lacdlori once npon a dav. Fell sick and like to d ie, And sent for me a= wei: as the Though I c-ocid not i^ll for -'Harry," says he, • I've pisoael the beer, 'Tis the very truth 1" re spoke : Tet praved at church on Sab»iath davs Along with the Christioa folk. Why didn't they nail my ears to the post ? They'd done in days yone by ! And perriaps I wouldn't ha' pisoned the poor With drags to make them dry. Wf drags to make them wery Cry, So that the more ihey drank. The more thev thirsted wished to swill Like horses at a task. I'm a F'itr^k, a thief and a hyp- jcrite, Arid perhaps a rcurlerer^too, Though I'm glad to see, *mid ai! my sins, As I've not mcriereS you. Bet when I tkir kon Dick that : Alert on the gallows tree. I've mortal fear, 'twas the pisoied beer That wai the mis of 1ft. And his ehost comes prowling every night, A^d chatt-rs at the bed, And wheri I Io As on its dreadful face I wishes that I was lead. And I feel I'm goinq, Hirrr,' snys he, ' And a wery bad mm I've- been, Thoush I've made a h'.-ap of dirtv gold, TWt I wishes I'd tever seen. ' Good bre I good byeI'm going to die ' I cannot abe&r; them ghosts - That COT,--S every night with horrid grin, Xot one, or tv^ bat An! this landlori was a; good a= his word, For he ciei the wc-ry r.ert night, Ani I'm truly glad I was not him Tor all his guineas bright. And it's ray opinion, if Tm £i To form a judgment clear, That the very worst thing a man cat. do Is to piscn the people's Jjeer. 