NOTES OF THE WEEK. FROM 16TH APRIL TO 23RD APRIL. At midnight at Grenfell, between the 15th and 16th instant, an Aurora Australis was visible very distinctly in the southern part of the horizon, illuminating it for nearly twenty-five minutes. A miner, named Michael Brennan, was recently drowned at Oakey Creek, whilst attempting to ford the stream. Edward Owen, traffic manager of the Great Southern and Western lines of Railway, died last Sunday morning, the 18th instant, at his residence, 813, George-street South. The Aldermen of Sydney gave a farewell dinner to Mr Charles Moore, the Mayor of Sydney, on the 17th instant. The dinner took place at Botany. A man, named Joseph Brown, killed himself a few days ago, at Trentham, by throwing himself, head foremost, into a deep mine. At Parker's Reef, Lucknow, the prospect has given 1384 oz. 19 dwts. to 1000 tons of stone, thus com- pleting a dividend of over £6000 per share for the two years work. The reef is still maintaining its high rank amongst the best claims. There was a single wicket match between New South Wales and Victoria begun at the Albert Ground on the 16th instant. The players of Melbourne were eventually the winners by one wicket. The Kiama Pilot states that a resident collecting oysters in the Breakwater Basin accidentally dis- covered a monster rock oyster, which measured eigh- teen inches in circumference This deposit was adhering to a portion of rock which had been blasted out some three years since. An adjourned meeting of the subscribers towards the erection of the proposed new Anglican church at St. Leonards was held last Monday night at the School of Arts. The Rev. W. B. Clarke, M.A., occupied the chair. A tea meeting was, last Monday evening, held in the schoolroom of the Centenary Church, York-street, for, the, purpose of taking a formal farewell of the missionaries about to proceed to the South Seas, and of the deputation appointed to visit the various missions and report thereupon. An unusually large company sat down to tea, and a considerable congre- gation assembled afterwards at the public meeting in the church, the Rev. H. H. Gaud presiding. A very pleasing entertainment took place last Mon- day evening, at the School of Arts, Pitt-street, being a complimentary benefit given by the members of the Sydney Gymnasium to Mr. Elliott, their instructor. A man, named James Depair, or Harris, committed suicide on Sunday morning last, by hanging himself in his shop, in Parramatta street. A child, named William Heapy, was found drowned in a well at Waverley, on Sunday last. He had been missing since the previous Friday. The jury returned an open verdict. Mr. David O'Rourke, of Wangullaraarang, of Monaro, recently found the remains of his daughter in the bush. The little child was lost about two years and a half ago, and was long and anxiously searched for, but in vain. The remains of some poor wanderer were recently found by Mr. Spencer, of the Nogoligea station, near the Nomo waterhole. Mr. Spencer buried the re- mains, and reported their discovery to the nearest magistrate. There is a curious report going about on the Upper Bogan of a ghost at the Dundonga, near the spot where a murder was committed some few years ago. Anthony Guest, an engineer, was killed at Gren- fell, last Sunday afternoon, in a fight with a man named Simpson ; his neck was broken. Simpson has been committed for trial for murder. James M'Gill, a miner, native of Dublin, was found floating in Campbell's dam, on the morning of the 20th instant. He is supposed to have fallen in while intoxicated some days since. A photograph has been received by the last mail of the plate presented by the colonists of New South Wales to their late Governor, Sir John Young. The service consists of a pair of elegant candelabra, a massive salver, and a beautifully-designed centrepiece, the wh le being handsomely chased, and richly and artistically ornamented. This photograph, which possesses much general interest, has been exhibited at Messrs. Flavelle, Brothers', in George-street. Last Tuesday evening the Rev. A. E. Smith de- livered, in the schoolroom adjoining the Presbyterian church on Church-hill, an instructive and deeply interesting lecture upon English poety. The lecture was delivered in connection with the Scots Church Mutual Improvement Society. Mr. William Browne presided. The anniversary of the opening of the Wesleyan church, in Bourke-street, Surry Hills, was last Tues- day evening commemorated by a large social gather- ing in the schoolrooms. The usual weekly meeting of the Australian Pa- triotic Association was held last Tuesday night, at Mr. Cripps's rooms, George-street. The attendance was large. Mr. R. B. Smith, vice-president, occupied the chair. Sir Terence Aubrey Murray has received advices from Captain Mayne, agent for New South Wales in England, of the shipment per Hawkesbury, of the portrait of Sir John Young. The letter encloses the hill of lading, and the vessel cleared on the 3rd February. Nobby's breakwater at Newcastle is being repaired. The old line formerly laid down has been taken up, and replaced by a more substantial one, which is now completed. A large framework of ironbark girders has likewise been built upon a foundation of stone, for the purpose of allowing a powerful travelling winch to be worked upon the same. The bushranger Rutherford is committing robberies on the Namoi. The Chief Justice has denounced the excessive charges made in the country hotels in the North- western districts. A farewell and complimentary dinner was given to Mr. Charles Moore, the Mayor of Sydney (on the eve of his departure for Europe), at the Masonic Hall, last Tuesday evening. Mr. Henry Prince presided. The banquet was attended by most of the leading persons of this community. After dinner a splendid tea and coffee service of sterling silver was presented to Mr. Moore. Mr. Moore has since left for Europe. The tiaitland Mercury of Tuesday last states that the Hon. Minister for Public Works had proceeded in the Prince's carriage to Muswellbrook, inspected the railway works, and various buildings in that locality. The ball in celebration of her Majesty's birthday will probably take place at Government House, on Tues- day, May 25th ; and, with a view to obviating some inconvenience which was complained of last year, it is proposed to hold the review and the levee on dif- ferent days. A man named Charles Martini, or Anderson, found by senior constable Pirie in a fit, last Monday after- noon, near Hopgood's buildings, in Dowling street, Surry Hills, died in the Infirmary about half-past 11 on Tuesday night. About the same time another in- mate of that institution, named William Cardoza, de- parted this life. A prisoner of the vagrant class, named Lynch, died at Darlinghurst gaol on the 21st instant. On the same day, also, a convict named Gibson died on Cockatoo Island. A meeting of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales was held on Wednesday last, Sir William Macarthur in the chair. Last Wednesday, the Rev. Mr. McGibbon laid the foundation stone of the new Presbyterian church at Bega. On Friday last, the child of Mrs. Angwin, of Mudgee, was drowned in a waterhole. On Tuesday night a number of butchers met in the Square and Compass Hotel, Brickfield-hill, George- street, to take into consideration a resolution of the City Council, calling upon those engaged in the trade to take away all bones and other refuse from their premises between midnight and 6 o'clock in the morning. Mr. Sharp occupied the chair. The meet- ing resolved that the rule laid down was unjust and unnecessary. The Yass Courier states that a young man, about two or three and twenty years of age, named Hayes, received s sunstroke a few days ago, while ploughing, near Nurrumburrah. Dr. O'Connor was sent for, but before his arrival the poor fellow had breathed his last. John O'Neil, a lad aged about twelve years, was drowned in the Blind Creek, which runs into the Muddy Creek, in Illawarra, on Sunday morning last. A very extraordinary ring case was tried in the Metropolitan District Court, on Tuesday and Wednesday last. The result was that the ring remained in the possession of the defendant. The great programme put forward by the Jockey Club for the Autumn Randwick Meeting of 1869 opens with the proceedings of the St. Leger The No. 4 Battery Carbine Club, established last 15th and ir,îts- fir8t meeting for Prize shooting on the on?merl» h Ttant. The shooting was very good mïtchnn !v~the firr8t Prize dinner-making in one match an average of a centre per shot. Mr. Joseph Stephens, of Tambaroora, met with his death by a severe fall whilst riding home from Bathurst last Wednesday week. The twentieth annual meeting of members of the Australian Mutual Provident Society was held on Thursday last, at the principal office, Pitt-street, Sydney. Mr. George King presided. The report was read and adopted, and the necessary steps taken to elect two directors, and an auditor, &c.; There was a very large attendance. 