The -Bev. James Jeffkris, LL.B., read the report of the preliminary proceedings as follows:— r'It has been deemed advisable, at this first public meeting in connection with the Evan gelical Alliance, that some account should be given of the commencement of this Christian Union. . , 'In the early part of August last a meeting of ministers of religion in and near Adelaide was held, for the purpose of considering the advisa bility of holding occasional meetings for united prayer and united communion. At that meeting the Kev. J. G. Millard suggested the idea of forming an Evangelical Alliance. The sugges tion was acted upon by calling another meeting of ministers by advertisement This took place on August 9. Thirty-five were present, repre senting nine different religious bodies. A prolonged discussion took place as to the objects and organization or the proposed Alliance. Ultimately it was unanimously resolved that the Alliance be formed, and a Committee of nine was appointed to prepare a Draft Constitu tion. The Committee presented this on August 23, TBefore considering it, with a view to adoption, it was deemed necessary to obtain the attendance of lay members of Evangelical Churches. Another meeting was accordingly summoned by advertise ment on August 30, when the report of the Com mittee was given, and the Draft Constitution, which had been previously printed and distributed widely, was presented for consideration, modified, and adopted. The only question that elicited Btrong dillerence of opinion was that referring to terms of membership. The Committee had recommended the following- clause:— 'That the persons who compose this Alliance shall be members of Evangelical Churches, or those who ire recommended by the minister of the congre gation with which they statedly worship.' Many speakers opposed this 03 containing no definition of the word 'Evangelical,' and consequently ren dering the whole basis of union, vague and inse ;nre. By a large majority it was resolved to adopt [he doctrinal basis of the Evangelical Alliance of England in its entirety. It is a matter of regret that the adoption of thi3 induced the withdrawal of some who dad been among the most earnest advocates of the movement It should be re membered, however, by these and by others who as yet have not joined the Alliance from the same reasons that it was clearly understood (as it is instinctly expressed in the clause concerning mem bership) that the doctrinal basis is not to be re garded as a creed or confession, and that the words 'hold and maintain1 do not refer simply to the matters of doctrine stated, but to ' what are usually understood to be evangelical views in rejianl to these. There are undoubtedly many inJ different opinions entertained concerning the cardinal doctrines of Christianity that are not considered inconsistent with the term Evan gelical. The rigid theologies of the Reformed Churches have been relaxed of late, so as to give more scope to the freedom ef conscience and the sense of personal responsibility, which in these past years have so greatly increased with the increase of loyalty to Christ. It was in no sense from a desire to impose fetters upon Christian thought, or to assume the right authoritatively to define the limits of Christian brotherhood, that the basis of the English Alliance was adopted. Inter preted liberally in the spirit in which it was adopted, and there need be no conscientious scruples about uniting with us. Christian union is a guarantee for Christian freedom. The spirit of association with its liberty is the best safeguard against hierarchical and sectarian tyranny.' He had not intended to do anything but simply read the report; but perhaps he might be allowed to say a few words. Christian union had been one of the dreams of his life, which hail haunted him sometimes to a painful degree; but he had Jived long enough to know that organizations such as they were attempting contained in them a good many elements of difficulty, and they need not be very much surprised if those difficulties obtruded them selves at the very commencement. There were wine who had told them, and tuld them somewhat prominently, that there was a unity among the Churches of Christ already, and that there was no need for any unity of action such as they proposed in order to assist to develop that He could not help thinking when that thought was forced upon the public mind that pretty much the Barne sort of argument might be applied in regard to those who were united in betrothal. Before marriaze there was a union— there was a love. But they Heed not atop at betrothal. It was with marriage that was connected all the holy and blessed friendship of life. All the social virtues emanated from the home, and all the true-.t organizations that were wrought out in life were developed in the home associations. (Applause.) So in this uuion among the Churches of the colony. They were united before in something like the union of betrothal, but it was infinitely better that they should be married-that they should meet together in holy consort— so that their lives miuht express by unity of thought, unity of prayer, and unity of action that they were one in the Lord. (Applause ) And he trusted that those who were earnestly loncing for Christian union— which he presumed included all there present— might not be disappointed, and have one more blow struck at the idea of their lives by the ill-success of this Alliance. He predicted for it a better career. ( Loud applause.) The Kev. James Henderson addressed the meeting on the subject of 'Christian Brother hood.' It wa3 with much satisfaction that he had marked the beginnincs of this movement towards a fuller manifestation of the essential brotherhood of all true Christian*, and the essential unity of the true Church of Chriat. That such a oneness eiisred, and underlie-1 the various sects into which the Church was divided, was a fact which all deno minations rejoiced to recognise ; but the manifes tation of it in some palpable and corporate form was a desideratum which all had felt and lamented. To some extent the want wa3 supplied by the for mation of the South Australian Evangelical Alli ance. And it seemed to him that if in the home country, wnere sectarian distinctions were so sharply defined, -and where denominational pre judices were so varied and so strong, an Alliance of this nature hod lived, and shed its blissful influences fur many years. They mijilu sufelr hope that in this new land a kindred institution should not only be planted, but gather to itself the sympathies and regards of all the friends of Christian truth ami Christian love. (Applause.) As separate sections of the Church they might stand fully equipped, and almost perfect in organization and every extreme -appliance. They had cathedrals, churches, schools; they had creeds, confessions, catechisms, prayer-books, councils, convocations, synods, assemblies; but where, amid all this parc phernaha, was that fraternal sympathy, that Christian charity, that mutual goodniil and mutual help, without which all these thinzs were but as sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal? One of the things which retarded the thorough development of Christian brotherhood was what might be specified as excessive denoininatiunalisra. Making all due allowance for a legitimate and honest love of one's own t hutch or denomination, what a disruptive influence this self-righteous spirit of sectarian exclusion had exercised on the Church from the earliest days. Those Corinthian party cries-I am of Paul, and I of Apollos— had rung through every chapter of the Church's history down to the present time. In virtue of his party connection, each thought himself better than his neighbour. It placed him on a higher level, and the smaller his party the nicer its peculiarities; the more exclusive its character the more super ciliously did he look down from his fancied eleva tion upon all who followed not him. How oppo site all this to the spirit of that religion which commands us not to think of ourselves more highly than we ought to think, but to think soberly, in honour preferring one another. Im patience, or distaste for sound doctrine and love of novelty, the desire to have something attrac tive tricked out in the elements of the world, were other divisive elements. Hence persons were found moving from place to place, and the unity of the Church made a thing of naught. Alany other things might be specified. But they trusted they were inaugurating a better state of thinjrs— that the Society they were launching would, to a great extent, remove those evils, and pave the way to thorough Christian brotherhood A philosopher was once asked, 'What is motion?' in reply he rose from his seat and walked about the room, saying, 'This is motion.' And they must not rest satisfied with allowing their religion to lie wrapped up in creeds or confessious or false defini tions, but exhibiting it in living life, and, in all their intercourse with each other, be able to say to the world, ' This is Christianity.' Christianity in the soul was the password to brotherly affection and confidence throughout the world. It was the sign and countersign to all the Soldiers of the Cross. They hailed the formation of this Alliance as affording a platform on which Christians of different denominations might meet either for mutual edification and fellowship or for mutual co-operation in the interests of a common Chris tianity. If knowledge was power, so was uuion, too. United fires brightened each other's blaze. The ocean'B mighty tide was but drops of water united. The compact phalanx sustained the battle- charge, the shock of which would rout the same troops divided. Let Christians, then, unite all their forces. Let them concentrate all their energies. The Association had their best wishes and must earnest prayers, and he hope 1 it would be found exerting an influence for good and discouraging every thing opposed to it; giving strength and Bupport to each denomination, sustaining the efforts of the feeble, and cheering them all in the hope of realizing more fully that great ot ject for which their saviour still pleaded— the union, peace, and prosperity of the Church which he had bought with His blood. (Applause.) The Kev. S. Mkad expressed his sympathy with the object? and purposes of the organization, and tlltUUtU UlltUJ kU VUG ltG\,G3OlbJ U«. &CC;(JLilJS ***C**UJ in their minds the distinction between the mani festation of Christian unity and its actual exis tence. He did not know the Prayer-Book so well as Mr. Ibbetson, who was to follow him, but he believed there was something in it about the Holy Catholic Church, the meaning of which was, or ought to be, simply the belief in one Church of their Lord Jesus Christ (Applause.) There was no union with Christ except by faith, and it was of great importance they should thoroughly realize that the Church of Christ was one, whether under the name of Wesleyanism, Congregationalism, Baptism, or Presbyterianism. He quite felt that the time had come for them to seek to develop the real union which existed in practical manifestations, and he felt for himself he had not been what he ought to have been. But he should be sorry to suppose that they were trying to bring about a union that did not exist before. It was of great importance that they should bear in mind that they were really members of Christ united to Him, and it would tend to make them more patient, and to lore one another with pure hearts fervently. The Her. D. J. H. Ibbetsox, who was greeted with prolonged applause, said perhaps some apology might be expected for his appearing on the platform, and he was sorry to think that i should be bo: but when he came to think that the Bcaffoldintt of the Church was erected for one specific purpose of raising the temple of Christ, and that their Lord bid them look not at the organization, but rather at the great work for which He had made them His ministers, then he felt that all apologies weie needless-iapDlause) —planting his foot as he did upon Christ s im mutable work, and coming forth to do all he could for the spread of His name. (Applause.) He had been asked to say a few words on the topic, 'Union for the preservation of the sanctity of the Lord's Day.' They had launched a fair vessel upon what he hoped would be a sea of prosperity, and freighted as they hoped with a rich cargo to be landed on the heavenly shores. He believed that people for the most part were not sufficiently alive to the claims of the 8abbath, and did not sufficiently understand its importance in ita bearing upon man spiritually, morally, socially, and physically. He dreaded the thought of the possibility of the time coming when in thi3 colony they should witness spectacles Buch as were witnessed on the continent of Europe, where it wa3 almost the universal custom of persons having been to the religions services in the morning to go to the opera ox the theatre in the evening. The blessing of God could never be expected to rest upon those people whp disregarded the claims of His Sabbath. Aa he understood the Bible, it dated back far beyond the time of the giving of the law at Mount Sinai- m fact, to the time when God rested Himself on the 'seventh day;'' and as it was the oldest of all institutions, he believed it was to be the most, lasting; for they read in the Epistle of Paul to the Hebrew3, there remains a Sabhathism, or, as it was translated, a rest to the people of God. (Applause.) It was their duty to use all their efforts to preserve the sanctity of the Lord's Day. It would be a sad thing if the time should come when the young should feel it a matter of neces sity or custom, or a matter of innocent enjoyment, to neglect the precious hours of the Sabbath. lhey_ nseded it in order that they might gain physical refreshment from the week's work; their souls needed it, their bodies needed it, their beasts needed it, ay. even ' the very soil needed it, and tbsse who would cast it to the winds were not those, to say the least of it. who re garded either their spiritual or temporal interests. There were those who would not turn any from their work or theirpleasures, or who would be crying in all lands, 'Would that the new moon was ended that we might sell corn, or that the Sabbath was past that we might set forth wheat.' The exist ence of such a tendency was the strongest reason why they should be on their guard to prevent public desecration of the hallowed day. It was not the time te consider means, but rather to afford some idea of what were the purposes of the Evangelical Alliance. In a land like this, with its laws founded upon the principle of religious equality, there might be a tendency to relax what he could not but feel to be the true principle that should guide legislation. Men might set up claims upon religious scruples to be allowed to do this, or not to be forbidden to do the other; but they must take care, or they might have a society of atheists, or of blasphemers, who, under the name of religion, might have therein power to compel the Legislature to support them, or at least not to oppose them. Therefore, he held they should endeavour to impress upon the Government of the day, if neces sity should arise— he trusted it never would— to adopt such measures in respect to the holy Sabbath at least, as should be the means of preserving public morality. The Kev. \V. L. Bisks said he had to speak upon the ' prevailing errors' which the Association was expected to oppose as far as it was prudent and pos sible -those errors which they believed to be detri mental to the best interests of their fellow-men. It was probable there would be some difference among themselves as denominations, for he supposed they would have their distinct existence and their preaching 33 before for many years to come: but the benefit of the Alliance would be to lead to more brotherly feeling one for another, and to a wish to aid each other, and being prepared to look with favour and approbation upon the work that each of the denominations were doing as sections of Christ's Church. A great thing was done when the sinner was converted from the error of his way, and they had sufficient common basis of action in that. For instance, he expressed the sentiments of those interested in the Alliance when he said they believed in the gift of the Holy Spirit which the Lord promised to His disciples. They believed in the deity and personality of the Holy Spirit, that it was not a mere attri bute or the mere genius of the Gospel. He believed if as ministers and members of the Church there was more of the spirit of love and unity among them, they would have a larger measure of the gift of the Spirit, and be baptized from on high. Une of the great errors of the day was, he thought, the overlooking of this gift which they all acknowledged. Just as there was an absence of that Spirit there would ba the attempt tp supply its place by means of some other agencies, and there was danger of trying to make np for the absence of the Holy Ghost in the paraphernalia, in the formula, in the ceremonial of the Church. There would be no spiritual advancement in any congregation, however magnificent the church, however talented its minister, however attractive its services, there would be no real spiritual good accomplished in the Church, unless he Spirit of God accompanied the words to the hearts of the people. Ihey believed in the divinity of the Son of God, and they believed also in the real humanity of Jesus Christ. They all believed in His sacrifice; so meritorious in its character —the atonement made for the sin of the world. They regarded no one but God as the lead of the Church. Their Queen, though they honoured as a good and virtuous Queen, they did not acknowledge as the Head of the Church. Neither did they acknowledge another who held himself t» be the Head of the Church— (a laugh)— not even the venerable Pope of Rome. (Applause and laughter.) While not associated together for the purpose of opposing, or rather of attacking Roman Catholicism, yet they must do their duty, and be loyal to the Head. (Applause ) They must never lose the opportunity when it presented itself of proclaiming their one Lord and Head of His own Church, and no person must take or attempt to take the privilege from the Son of God. (Applause.) Who could tell but in this grand assembly to be held in Kome even the Pope himself might discover he had made a great mistake, and might abandon that position, and give the honour back to Christ. Why, he might be the great reformer of the nations even yet (Ap plause and laughter.) The Council were, he under stood, to consider the great evils and abuses that existed in the world, and he prayed God might direct them to some of those evils they had to oppose as Protestants in this land. (Applause.) Yes. they held Christ the Head. There was no head in the Methodist Church, the Independent Church, the Presbyterian Church, or the Baptist Church, but Christ. Therefore they were all one in this matter, and could unite heartily to give honour tn Him who. sitting unon the throne, was tneir Keueemer ana ueau. men tney gave nonour to Christ not only as their Redeemer, but as their Intercessor. Now they would say he was going tn have another go in at the Kom.in Catholics. (Laughter and Hear.) So he was; but he loved them for all that. He would like to fee them brought to the feet of the Saviour, as thousands were in the times of Luther; and why might it not be so again if they were faithful f They re garded Christ on His immortal throne as the one Mediator between God and man. He did not know whether they gave sufficient honour to the Blessed Virgin, mother of Jesus. It was said in the Scriptures that she should be called Blessed, and the Saviour honoured her. They must take care they did not go to the other extreme, but they must see they did not give that honour to her or to any saint or angel which belonged to Jesus. There was one Mediator who stood in the presence of their God, and that was Christ By the teaching of God's Bjessed Book they were bound to protest against the error of many interces sors taking the position of the Lord Jesus Christ; acninst the error of believing that prayers were offered by the departed on behalf of those left upon the world. Those were errors which they were hound to protest against, and to do so with Christian kindness and love. There were many other errors, some belonging to the Methodists, Presbyterian?, and Baptists perhars(laughter) but these were only small ones. They must not do too much at once: or perhaps they would spoil the whole; and he would only Fay he felt great pleasure in being present at the inaugural meeting of the Alliance, and hoped it had many years of prosperity and much good in store for it. (Prolonged applause.) The Kev. J. AVat made some observations on the subject of Christian unity, especially in refe rence to the Lord's table, where, he remarked, they would all meet as members in Him, apart from all differences nr discussions. The Kev. J. G. Wright spoke upon the topic 'Union in Prayer,' giving numerous instances from the Scripture illustrating its efficacy, and expressing also his warm interest in the Alliance, and his creat gratification at the uuion which had been, inaugurated. The President announced the eettinsr apart of Sunday next for thanksgiving and the arrange ment for a united Communion, which it was inti mated would be in noway restricted to members of the Alliance, but at which members of all Christian Churches were invited to be present The meeting closed with the benediction, after which a considerable number of persons enrolled themselves as members of the Alliance. JSVANO'ELIOALALLIANGE. INAUOUBATOUY M1SET1N(1& xne nrst public meeting m connection with tbo alliance recently formed among Evangelical Churches of the colony took place on Monday, October 11. A ineetini; for nnivi-r wnu linM »i ),,,(t. pasi ii in me morning at tne J'renbj ttrmn Church, Flinders-street, at which there was a Bina.ll atten dance. The Kev. J. Lyall conducted the service. Prayers were olleied by the itevH. J. (}. Millard, Ji. K Merrinian, K W. Cox, and Mr. W. K. Thouiaa, ill which the Divine blming was supplicated upon the union. J'ortions of Heripture were reud uud hymns appropriate to the occasion Ming. At the evening public meeting iu the Pirie street Lecture Hall there was a large attendance, every scat being occupied, and some htill having to stand. The Uev. James Lyull, President of the Alliance, occupied the chair. There were on the platform the Kevs. J. Jelleris, J. G. Millard, D. J. 11\. lbbetson, J. Price, 8. Mead, J. L. PursoiiB, 11. Drummond. G. W. Patehell, W. U UiukB, J. Way, J. Henderson, J. G. Wright, M. II. Hodge, T. Uaston, 11. Chectlmm, anil 11. K. Merrimon, besides many other ministers oi various denomina tions in the body of the Hall. The proceedings commenced by tho Kev. J. L. Parsons ottering prayer, which wiih followed by singing and the reading a portion of Scripture. Tiie I'KKaiDENT, in introducing the business of the evening, acknowledged the tumour conferred upon him iu his appointment as President of tho bouth Australian Evangelical Alliance. He wan sure there weie others more competent to perform the duties of the position, l-ut he could nay that he would yield to no man in thorough attachment to the principles of the Alliance, and in willingness to labour to the extent of Ins ability in furtherance of its great olject. (Applause.) The AiwoeintioH had originated iu a dcsiro among the Churches of Christ for a more thorough and inure practical recognition of each i alien Though they had laboured with diligence und zeal with greater or less success, it had been feit their oliject could be better accouipliHlicd hy a fuller sympathy with each other in the way of furthering the interetit of their common Lord. No sooner was the desire expressed by oue brother that an organization of the kind should be formed than it was earnestly taken up. and little difficulty had been felt in I ringing it to uu issue. Whatever difficulty had been felt in the organization, thero had been but oue opinion as to the laudable cha racter of the desire in which it originated. The union of His people wan an object very dear to the heart of their blessed Lord, who used the werdH, 'Anew commandment give 1 unto you, that ye love one another: as 1 have lovud you, that ye also love one another. By this bIiuiI all men know that ye are My disciplea, if je have lovo one to another.' And they remembered how earnestly the Saviour prayed iu that memo rable prayer, 'That they all may be one: as thou, lather, ait in me and 1 in 'llice; that they also may be one in us; that the world may believe that Thou hoBt sent me,' Tho religion of the Gospel was the religion of love. The advantages of brotherly love were manifest. They had all, whether as individuals or Churches, their duties to attend to; aud how often would they be cheered by the feeling that other*, though not closely associated with them, eyuiim'.hittii with them in their burdens, and were anxitiug to help them on with their work. They were all one in regard to the great fundamental dt ctiineB of the Trinity, redemption through Christ, and the regenerating, sanctifying work of the Holy Spirit, if an enquirer went to any one of their Churches and asked ' What must 1-tlo to be saved}' he was certain the answer given by oue and all would be the same as Paul gave to the J'hil.ppian people — ' Believe on the Lord Jcbuk Chmt, aud thou shalt be saved.' (Hear, hear) 'ihere were.no doubt, points upon whijh there was a difference of opinion among them : but these were matters of detail, such us Church oideiing and tho forms pj religious ordinance?. 'J hey were met that uluat to miy that they regarded the fundamental ilocinne on winch they were all agreed as of infinitely greater importance than those on which they differed, and the object of the Association was to raise higher the great standard of the CroBs, and sink a little lower the denominational stanil-pointa as they had hitherto existed. The means which were to be adopted with tliat view would commend themselves to all Nothing could be more suitable . tha» that the miniBterB and members of their various Churches should meet together from time to time m prayer to auk the Divine blessing upon each other, by the reviving of God's work iu their own hearts, and the awakening of religious life. They hoped also to have intercommunion at the Lord s table, which was always intended to be a means of union. They meant also to lift up the r testimony against prevailing errors. They had not denned in their constitution what thoie errors were, but would be guided by the indi cation of Divine Providence iu the thincs against which they should protest. He thought he might, however, say that they would ever be found lifting up an emphatic protest against every system that would place the office of the priest between the sinner and the Saviour, and the authority of the Church above the authority of the written Word. (Applause.) An Association like this would be able to take effectual action in matters pertaining to their common Christianity. Ho referred to the invitation recently issued to the Churches to unite in imploring the Almighty that he would of His mercy send rain, and mentioned that the Committee had agreed to recommend a special day for thanksgivings. In regard to tbe basis of the Alliance, which he read, he regretted any Christian brother was prevented from joining them through its being too precise, and yet he could not but rejoice that it met the views of so many. To any who were still reluctant to join them, he would say they did not love them the less. The subscription on membership was a subject which had engaged their attention. They could not carry out anngency of the kind without funds, and one of the rules was that each member would be expected to contribute the sum of 2s. 6d. annually: but as there were some good Christians who might feel even that small amount press heavily upon them, he was desired to announce that the subscription would be entirely voluntary, (Applause.) 