IN some sfcape or other the question of Free Trade versus Protection is continually cropping up in the English press. A mail or two baek the world was startled by an announcement that Manchester bad sounded a retreat from the principles which have added a new school to the divisions of English poIitico --financial science. The rumonr turned out to be destitute of a tangible basis. Manchester has sung no Protective palinode ; but the bare suspicion of such a catastrophe produced an extraordinary ferment in the London press ; and for a brief space the ghost of the controversy, which was supposed to have been settled in 1844, seemed about to be evoked from the giave in which it wis laid a quarter of a century ago by the now historic legislation of Sir Robert PEEL Tl>e subject, however, is one of perennial interest for all English- speaking races, and the conflicting fiscal legislation of EngJajid aud her ofishoots is constantly bringing it f.i wari, in some shape or other. Mr. LOWE'S recent proposal t<> repeal " the last rag of Protection"—as he somewhat inaccurately phrased it—the jegistration fee of one shilling a quarter on grain, or three pence the cwt. on flour of all kinds imported into the United Kingdom, has caused another momen- tary revival of English public interest in this subject, which, if it has ceased to occupy seriously the attention of English statesmen, and no longer influences the fate of English Cabinets, still supplies a topic of controversial discussion in the pages of modern travellers and publicists, and to tiie contemporary press. Mr. Wentworth DILKE'S new work, Greater Britain devotes no inconsiderable space to a consideration of the aspect presented by the controversy in America and Australia. " Our English experience"—says tbe Times, inj a recent review of this work— "inclines us to condemn off -hand all protective measures as barbarous relics of an exploded system of finance. It is worth while to go to Mr DILKE'S book for a very clear exposition of the arguments urged on the other side— rightly or wrongly—by new countries like America or Australia. One thing he makes evident ; they adopt the system with their eyes open, and knowing that as consumers they lose by it heavily. But, in fact, they tax the community upon the theory that their in fant manufactures must have artificial support • that the diffusion and growth of local centre*, with the local demand they create, offer a premium on reclamation and cultivation ; and that by protecting manufactures the farmer gains as well as the manufacturer. It is true that, in addition to these arguments—worth answering, at any rate—the Australians add this other one, that they must guard themselves at any price from being undersold by the pauper labour of Europe. They demonstrate their consistency by tbe admission of free trade among themselves, while tbey insist ou the necessity of protection against competition from abroad." We know not whence the Times derives its ideaof " the admission of freetrade among themselves " by the Austratias. There is gome demand for it just now in New South Wales ; there has long been a demand for it in Tasmania. But Victoria, the chief delinquent in the matter of protective heresy, has evinced no disposition, so far as her Government and Legislature are concerned, towards " the admission of free trade " between the other Australian colonies and herself. Her Tariff is strictly protective against all comers, and operates, in many instances, with special hostility against neighbouring colonial communities. This tendency of modern colonial legislation is not unnaturally viewed with surprise by English financiers and political economists. In America and Victoria universal suffrage has placed the government of the country in the hands of that class of the commuuity ia which Mr, BEIGRT'S theories recognise the only real political enlightenment of the age. Yet that very class in America aud in Viccoria insists upon repudiating all Mr. BKIGHT'S financial principles, and disappointing all his preconceived notions of scientific finance and liberal legislation in a Government based upon democracy "pure and simple." In may not, however, be out of place to remark that the operative class in England is just as strongly imbued with protectionist proclivities as its correlative in America and Australia ; und Mr. Bntcnrr—may;—perhaps -• live to witness a protectionist reaction in the Householder Parliament. The protective tariffs of the Australian colonies, operating as they do with direct aud special hostility against the mother country, can scarcely fail at no distant date to exercise a very serious influence upon the connection between Great Britain and her colonial dependencies. Duties levied by the British Parliament on tea and other commodities imported into the New England Provinces, in the last ceutury, cost England her North American colonies ; and modern; colonial tariffs may cost the colonies their English protectorate. " Between the impost which was attempted to be levied on the tea brought into Boston harbour," says the Argus ii recent article on this subject, "and the tax which is demiuded from the importer of British merchandise in Hobsou's Bay, there is no great difference ia point of impolicy and injustice. If the American settles, forming part of the British nation, protested with reason against being taxed without at the same time having any voice in the Parliament which imposed that taxation, British merchants aud manufacturers may inveigh with equal reason against the infliction of import duties upoa their commodities, in another portion of the empire, by a Legislature in which they are unrepresented. Every argument appealed to by the promoters of the war of independence in America, is capable of being adduced by the people of Great Britain in reprobation of the protective policy adopted by certain British Colonies." This is an ingenious way of putting the case: But it will bear examination; and when attentively considered will be found to present the question under a perfectly reasonable and legitimate aspect. At auy rate, it is clear that this pbase of the subject is beginning to attract the attention of British taxpayers ; and some valuable statistical facts have recently been collected and published in a paper on Colonial Tariffs by the Financial Reform Union, in which the injurious effect of Colonial Tariffs upon the com meres between Britain and her Colonies is proved to be something startling. In this paper it is shown that, while Great Britain enjoys the doubtful advantage of calling these colonies her own, aud must incur the responsibility of assisting in their maritime defence in the event of war, while the knowledge that she has so many weak and immature dependencies looking to her for protection compels her to observe a moderation and restraint in dealing with foreign powers which they are liable to mistake for timidity, aticl while she expends some six millions sterling petjaunum upon her colonial establishments, her profit upon her colonial trade is not inure than half that amount; and she is legislated against by Canadian, Australian, and West Indian Parliaments, exactly as if she were a foreign power. It is further showu, and this is a point for the serious consideration <f those who can comprehend the mercantile, though they may persist in ignoring the political, aspect of the case, that notwithstanding the rapid growth in population of the various colonies, there has been no commensurate increase iu the trade which is couJii2ted with them by Great Britain. By contrasting two distinct fr periods of five years, we get at the following striking results: — AVERAGE ANNUAL EX POET OK BRITISH AVJ) IRISH PRODUCE AND MANUFACTURES. To foreign countries To British India ... To the colonies ... ; 1S53 to 1S57. I 1863 to IS67 £73,101,344 9,722.752 I 23,115,832 £117,717.051 2I),01.';.6SO 30, S65,384 Thus, while the increase in the trade with foreign countries was upwards of 60 per cent., and with British India it was 105 per cent., it was barely 34 per cent, as regards the colonial possessions of the parent state. " There can be no doubt whatever," says the London Examiner, "that such a system of taxation is prejudicial not merely to the interests of British producers, but to those of the colonists themselves. It prevents tbe gr.iwth of labour at home, and retards the development of our colonial possessions. It may be that, in some instances, the policy of protection is urged by the local Legislatures as the reason of their high tariffs. We submit, however, that protective duties, levied on the productions of their fellow - subjects, are inconsistent even with-the theory of protection. If the colonists regard us as a foreigu country, they have a perfect right to levy whatever they please upon our produce ; but if they are united with us as component parts of the same empire, there are mutual obligations which neither the mother country nor the colonies can afford to neglect." The progress which the separation theory of Goldwin SMITH seems to be making in England, and the tendency of modern Liberal Finance to reduce the connection between the mother country and the Colonies to the minimum of tenuity by the reduction or withdrawal of Imperial garrisons, seem to point in the direction of a solution of the difficulty by a method which would leave the Colonies at the mercy of • American annexationists, or Russian conquest. " We may be perfectly certain"—says the Argifs with a good deal of truth—"that if no other remedy can be found for the grievances thus complained of, our fellow country" men at home will insist upon resorting to amputation. Those limbs of' the empire which only increase its magnitude and its cumbrousness without adding to its vigour or augmenting its vital force, will be lopped off as unsightly exeescences, useless in time of peace, and a source of anxiety in time of war. If British colonies insist npon legislating against the mother country, and levelling hostile tariffs at her as though she were a foreign power, Great Britain may reasonably insist upon severing her connexion with us. She has nothing to lose by the separation—nothing but a sentiment. Whether we should be equally unaffected by the compulsory renunciation of our place in the great empire to which we now belong, is a point upon - which most people will be slow - in arriving at a satisfactory conclusion. But if such an event shonld be brought about, it will be of our own seeking. Our Legislatures are carrying into practice prin- -oi^les iv11inl)- 4liey.-woulii be the.iirct to ^condemn if they were applied to Ihemselves by the Imperial Parliament. They are repeating, in another form, the conduct upon whish history has pronounced so severe a condemnation when it was pursued towards the American colonies in the last century, and they are doing all this in direct violation of the great economic truths proclaimed by the most advanced Liberals iu England, accepted as the basis of her national policy, and sanctioned by the highest authorities in political science in Europe and America." 