ALEXANDER V. JONES. Aftor wo went to pross yesterday, Mr Micbie concluded his address to tho jnry, nnd callod Francis Longmore, M.P., who sworo .that ho never met Alexander at tho honso of Mr Jones, and certainly never shook hands with there, Edward WilBon, valuator, saw two raon, of whom ho believed that Mr Aloxondor was ono, call at Jones' honso, Ono of thom knocked, -but only waited a second — just time enongh to got an answer from whoever camo to tho door. The dato was fixed in ..bis mind as 9th February by u money transaction which took place tkat day. THIS DAYS PROCEEDINGS. Tho first wituess called was Mr G. E. Jones, who stated that he wag Commissioner ©f Railways. Ho saw tho plaintiff on tho 12th r obruary, 1807, but ho had no conversation with him on that day or previously. Ho was pointed out on that day to witness in Collins street. Witness said ho did not want to see Alexaudor, and if ho wanted witness ho must come to him. Alexander afterwards went over to the Parlia ment House, and they went into a room. Ho said he was afraid wituess. would not gat a hearing at tho meeting, and ho wished to hob him ; that. Mr Murray Smith would bo on tho platform with liim. dViiness said ho talked liiio a fool, hecauso if ho could not get a hear ing, Mr Murray Smith could not help him. It was not truo us Alexander hnd said that ho wished to get up opposition moot- logs. Tlio statement that ho (witness) said ho had bo much influence with tho working daises that he could raise the meetings was false. Mr Alexander's statements about money, or about all other matters whore thoy differed Irom his (witness's), wore false. Mr Alexander onco callod at his (witness's) honso, in Young street. He left Gore street in Juno, 18G7. Mr Alexander oortaiuly novor, to his personal knowledge, entered his house in Goro street. Mr Aloxander had often sent in his card in the House to him, but ns he found that Alexander merely wished to proffer him ad- vieo as to the lino of conduct ho should adopt in tho House, he declined at jlast to go out in reply to his notes. When Aioxaudor called asked witness to give some information or evidence respecting the Police Court nroceed. ings against Mr Wheeler, then member for Creswick. In February 7, 1868, he went a"rtin to witness s honso and said ho had been re quested by his party to call and see if ho would tako charge of tho general election, and if ho wonld, monoy would be no object. Witness told him that tho views of his party and himself wero altogether dissi milar, and they could not work together. He said if witness wonld give up tho Darling grant they would moot bim mi every other particnlar, but witness said his views were settled on that question, and Alexander thou went away. Ho had not supported the views of Alexander's party from February, 18G7, to July, 1808\. When Alexaudor spoko to wit ness about tho Darling grant, he said that he very much regretted tho tone witness had taken on tho grant in a pamphlet which ho published. Had known Mr Randall twelve yours in February, 18G7. Spoko to Mr Randall on (tho evening of the day after the bndget Bpeecb had been delivered — the 5th February. They walked homo together from tho honso, or rather ho walkod homo with witness. Ho agreed with witness in denonno- ing tho tariff, and mentioned several instances in which tho tariff woiild operato injuriously on Borne local industries. Hs particularised tho duty on pioce goods. Witnoss said ha meant to oppose the tariff. Never remembered walking with Randall in Bourke street to Elizabeth street, us ho had said, or over having such conversation ns he said bad taken place. Ho had not at any time asked Mr Randall if the Free Trade party had any money. Might havo said that Mr Lang- ton was not tho man for tho business of elec tioneering. On tlio 5th February Mr Randall offered to subseriho £5 for an agitation for political purposes. Had not at any timo made tho romarks which Mr Randall said ho had abont Mr M'Calloch boing unprincipled, or about Brodio either Randall never Baid wit ness could rely on haviDg £100 and that ho only interested himself us a man of business in Collingwood. Randall did not call at his house on the 1st Fobrnary. Witness miglrt somo time havo spoken angrily of Mr Francis, but ho did not do so on tho 1st Fob rnary. It was absolutely untiuo that ho had any such book as Riuduil had said, containing debtor and creditor account of members of Parliament. The wituess here detailed what Randall said against the tariff. On the 13th Fobrnary, tho day beforB tho meeting, howroto to Mr Randall a lotter. .That was tho one which had boen referred to about tho paschal lamb. It was on tho 5lh that Randall had promised him £5. Mr Jonner was asked to preside at tho meeting in St. Georgo's Hall, but ho wonld not. Somewhere about that timo ho wrote n second letter to Mr Riudall whioh was abont some samples which Mr Randall had offorod to get for him for his Bpeeoli on tho tariff question. Randall nover culled on him in consequence of tho second lotter. Tho samples were furnished, bnt not in timo for the speech, and witness afterwards used thom in committee. Did onco rido in a cab in Colling wood with Mr Randall. Ho then roforred apo- logotioally to the £5, to whioh witness replied " all right ; all right." Believed ho (wituess) also spoke somewhat angrily against Mr Jennor for not taking the chair at tho St George's Hall mooting. Never heard tho oxpression abont _ tho bristling Scotch hillock, or anything like it, nntil Randall made it beforo tho Parliamentary Committee. (A groat number of tho remarks made in evidence by Mr Randall were road to witness by. Mr Higinbothum, who asked if they were true, and he denied them in every material eecrot. Tho remarks Randnll mado as regarded ing the published terms on which tho action waB Bottled. Besides those published Jettors there was an understanding that Randall's costB were to he paid, but tho record was to bo with drawn, and the plea of justification was to remain. The statement that he received mo- ney from Alexander was false. He novor re- ceived money from him on any acconnt what ever. Was willing to obtain his bank pass hook for tho jury, or a copy of it, or any information abont his acconnt from the 0th Februarv to tho 20th. Ha had asked for tho puss book, but oonld not got it at tho hank. Mr Alexander was never at any honso of his when Mr Long- moro was there. When Mr Randall nnd he were talking on tho day of tho Freo Trado banqnet they spoke of tho previons election having cost £20,000, or about £1000 per member, and abont Mr Langton. Mr Kidney never referred to Langton'b sonsitivo nature. Had ho done o, witness wonld have laughed at him. (Laughter.) -: Cross-examined by Mr Fellows : Reoollectod being prosecuted for perjury at the police court in 1801 or in 1802. The defence was first that he never mado nny such defence on oath, and next on 'any occasion. The cbargo was dismissed. - Bees obtained n vordiot agnint witness for a libel, in the Ago. He wonld not havo hud a verdiot against him if he had remembered that it was his leaving the railwny department, and not tho town-olerkship, that was so discreditable to him. Knew a person named Nash. Did not owo bim nny money. Nash was in bis employ, and ho nover owed liim any money ho had not paid. Might have mado tho mistake of putting thenamo of NnBh inotoad of " solf " to a choquo. If Nash bad such n cheque, bo coald not acconnt for it without something to refresh bis memory. Snpposingho hnd such a ohequo, witness wonld pay it. (A letter of Mr Robert Bonnett, formerly Mayor of Melbourne, pub lished in a Molbonrno paper of tho 13th November, 1861, was here read). Did not prosecnto Mr Bennott for tho libel because lie heard that ho was not worth powder and Bbot. He, however, challenged Ben nett to an inquiry, which went on not withstanding Bennett shirked it, and it re sulted nnnnimonsly in his favour. Was not than more in want of monoy than tailors usu ally aro. Borrowod two snms of £100 oaoh abont that time at 26 per cant. Had borrowed money as high as 40 per cent. Guvo security for tho loans ho hail mentioned. Paid £80 of the money borrowed and forfeited tho sa- enrity. He assnmod it was all paid off, beeanso the persons who sued him for what they called tho balance, withdrow tho record. Mr Fellows was then witness's oounsol. (Great Ianghter ) His defence was that they kept the cloth which was the security so loDgas to render it valuoloss through being moth-eaten, &o.;, aud also that the pawnbroker's license was auto dated. Did not ut tho timo know that Fisckoll, who managed tho pawnbroking business, was cheat ing tho directors of tho company. Was not awaro that the directors did not know of his having borrowod tho money. Ho oarried on business until Mny, 1861. Somo of the creditors wero not paid in fall. Quo of his creditors bonght tho others oat, nud ho paid him in full, and 10 per cent., together with tho amount ho paid to ethers, and 10 por cent, on tlmt. Paid that creditor iu tho latter end of 1861, Tho croditor bought tbo estate be fore May, 1864. At tlio end of 1804 ho offered himsolf as a candidato for Bnllorut East. Hia constituents paid his expenses. Did not, to tho best of his belief, then receivo £40 for olection expenBos from an Orange Ssciety. Had rocoived money for political purposes — £400 a year at ono timo. Ho had &Ibo; re- coivod £50 oneo from his constituents. Did not romombor rccoiving any money on behalf of any other candidato at an election. Remembered tho election at Maldon. Then got £50 to pay Lioat. Amsinck's deposit at the Maldon elec tion. Did not receivo £20 from Mr Amsinok. Tho notion Randall v. JoneB was settled for £250. It was to havo boon settled for £150, hut when Mr Kyto diod advantage was taken of it, and tho prico was mado £250. Did not got £200 from Mr Battors to voto on tho bill to quiet titles. Know it had boon whispoiod that he had received tbo money, but it was altogether falso. Ho voted for tho second rendiug of tho bill, and moved an amendment on it, in commiltoo, whoro it diod. Thought Mrs Randall had heard tho case talked of so raach that she came at last to believe it. Nover wrote a letter iu which ho askod for money from softgoods honsos. Would again swear ho never" had suoli n book ns had boen mentioned about mem bers of Parliament. Had a serap book in which ho pustod remarkable speeches. The speeches were mostly his own. (Great laughter.) It could easily bo produced, if it was wanted. Fisobol told him in 1861 that persons did not like to piedgo goods in tlioir own naino. The sacrifico tlio rascal Limb was ready for was to be howled down at the mooting at St, Georgo's Hall, and tho mouoy mentioned in tho letter was tho £5 Raudoll had promised and andwhich ho wished to obtain to proveut hia having to pay all the expenses. He promisad the £5 towards holding tho meeting in St. Georgo'e Hall. R uidalt was interested olong with him, hecauso he said lio would ruther havo a thorough protectionist tariff than the ono propounded. Ho wontd aso Mr Riudall as far ns ho would go his way. Ho did not then want such a " doso" of protection as Randall said in a letter that ho wanted. Never mado any statoment to Randall about the Jow being kind. Was ready to join with tho frotradors if thoy wero in earnest abont their professions respeoting what thoy would be willing to give as protection. Ho believed the loiters to Riu dall had not boon destroyed, and did not believe now that thoy had. Was qnite con vinced that thoy wore still in oxistenoe. Conld not ascribe any reason why all tho witnesses had conspired against him. The survoyors who made the measurement of tho height of his window wero incorrect; it was six foet from tho glass to tho footpath. Ho never stated that a porson looking oat of tho window conld not bo soon by persons in tho street. Ho might, perhaps, sometimes, havo epenod a door if the servant had not done so. The servant mado a wrong statement whon she eaid he often did so himself, Peterson was wrong in hiB datos, and wherever hiB state ments differed from witness's it was wrong. To Mr Higinbi tliam : Mr Randall often took part in penny readings, and wit ness thought ho had given recitations from tlio Merchant of Vonico. Had heard that Randall had playod the ghost in Hamlet. (Laughter.) To Mr Fellows : Never heard of the charge about the £60 beforo the meeting on Soldier'B hill. Coald not remember whother ho heard of it nt a committee meeting previons to the Soldiors'-hill meeting, bnt ho thought ho had not. To Mr Higinbothum. — First heard of tho rnmonr abont his receiving £200 to vote for tho Quieting of Titles Bill from Mr Casey, whe said ho had heard of it from Mr Francis. Mr Francis did not wish to be dragged into tho matter, and wonld not he dragged into it, so witness said to Mr Casey, "See Batters, and ask him yonrself aboat it." Casey Baid aftorwards that he had seen Batters, who said it was an (adgective) lie';' that he never said anything of the kind, nnd Williams had mado the statement against him beeanso he (Williams) was not eteoted mayor jost beforo the Prince earns. He (witness) would swear ho never received a shilling from nny person in respect of the Quieting of Titles Bill. Mr Kyte died on tho morning of tho day before tho trial of Randall ond . Jones wns to have come off. Did not at the Mal don election receive £50 on his own acconnt respecting the election. In regard to pledging the goods to the Mont de Pieto, of which Fisohul was the manager, ho stated that it was Fischel who ased a wrong name instead of witness. It was at his wi'bU tho Parliamentary committee was appointed bnt ho did not movo for it, beeanso in that case ho would have been tho chairman of it. He gave moro than a cor responding quantity of goods to Monto do Pieto for tho monoy they advanced, and ho pleaded 'that to tlio action. Ho got a verdict on the political question of the RoeB v. Jones trial. John Sntton, clerk in the Bank of Austra lasia, producod an oxtract of O. E. Jones and Co.'s account from January 31 to tho 14th of February. The cheques on that account were drawn in tho name of C. E. Jones and Co. There was no other occonut that ho was aware of in tho uumo ot C. E. Jones nlono. A payslip was also handed in. The account showed n credit balance on tho 31st Jannary, 1867, of £8 19s 2d. Thoro was on February 13, cash paid in, £45 8s 10a ; total, £51 8s. On the debit side it showed that, on the 14th February, 1867, n cheqno was paid for £'25 2a, and one to Williams on the same day for £3 orld. The balonce to credit of Mr . Tones on l.Uh Fobrnary was £25 11b. The pay slip was dated 13th February, and set forth that £35 was paid iu on that day in notes, as woll as a cheque for L10 84 lOd ; the total paid in on that day being £45 8s 10.1. Mr JoneB, in answer to Mr Higinbotham, said that tho £10 8s lOd mentioned on the pay slip was got from the Ballarat Post. Did not know how ho got tho £35 in notes, bnt thought he must have got it from persons in Ballarat, as ho knew he was up there abont that time to get Borne money. Thero was a ohequo for £25 mentioned in the acconnt aa drawn 011 tho 14th Fobrnary, bat if tho oiieqne could bo produced, it would be shown that it was given on tho previous weok. levi sitting. 