The Gippsland Times. "EXCELSIOR.' SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1869. THE proposal to extend telegraphic com- munication to Wilson's Promontory, re- cently urged upon the consideration of the Government, will readily commend itself to public attention in Gippsland, closely connected as it is with much that concerns the safety and protection of our portion of the coast in the event of any serious maritime disaster. An influential deputation - the second with the same ob- jec t- recently waited upon the Postmaster General with a request that this con- spicuous and important headland, com- manding at it does the complete ocean track of all the intercolonial vessels, might be at once connected with the lines of telegraph. The deputation, com- prising some of the leading members of the Victorian Shipowners Association, argued at some length that apart from any private benefits likely to accrue to the community if the proposed extension were granted, the great commercial in- terests of the colonies were largely con- cerned in the successful result of this ap- plication, remembering that the whole coasting trade of the Australian group was more or less the property of a joint proprietary represented by owners in each of the colonies. It was further urged that in the event of an immigrant ship in distress, with possibly hundreds of people on board, the timely assistance which might be rendered from Melbourne in the event of intimation thereof being transmitted from the promontory could not be calculated at a money value; and hence the question of return on outlay imported into the consideration of the case by Mr G. V. SMITH was wholly un- tenable as an objection. But with a praiseworthy determination to deal with every argument contra which the Govern- ment could adduce, the deputation con- tended that the sum of £50,090 paid annually by ship owners under the customs item tonnage, might well be con- sidered as a fair quid pro quo towards de- fraying the cost of the proposed telegraph extension. This, as we think, very fair view of the case, not meeting with any sympathy at the hands of Mr. G. V. SMITH, another proposal of a more practical nature was hazarded with some- what better success. It came from CAPTAIN M'MILLIAN, and was to the effect that if the Government were in such an impecunious position as to be unable to afford the few thousand pounds required for this most necessary establishment, an additional tax on inward vessels of one half-penny per ton would soon provide the amount required to complete the pro- posed works. There can be no doubt that upon the understanding that this tax would be discontinued when the line was laid down, the shipowners and all interested would cheerfully submit to the additional temporary impost. Thus, so far as the plea of inability to incur the expense is concerned, the Government are left entirely without excuse, and we note with some satisfaction thatthe Post. master-General very wisely refrained from offering any other. Thus for, it would appear, that the deputations have failed in their object; but happily the Post master-General is not the Government, any more than the Executive is absolute. He and they are after all only the delegated servants of parliament, and there is yet reasonable ground to hope, as there is some evidence for beleiving, that the matter will be brought to a successful termination before the close of the ensuing session of par- liament. Before leaving this part of the subiect, we cannot help saying that in our judgment at least the maritime interests of the colonies of New South Wales and South Australia, were not properly imported into the consideration of the subject. It is fair to say that some proportion of the expense should justly be allotted to their respective go- vernments, as it would be very easy to show that shipowners residing in the adjoining colonies, are largely interested in the benefits which would undoubtedly accrue to maritime commerce, by tele- graphic extension to Wilson's Promon- tory. This assertion is not fairly answered by the objection, that "the " Sydney Government have already " extended their coast line of telegraph "down to Cape Howe and Two- fold Bay." as it cannot be urged that these lines are of any service whatever to Victorian vessels bound to Port Phillip; and even if this were not so, and it could be asserted that we derived a direct benefit from the Sydney coast lines, it could still be shown that the chain of communica- tion via the coast of New South Wales, would be wholly incomplete unless their telegraph lines were extended to the extreme point of their boundary. Wil son's Promontory being Victorian terri tory, it would not be right to expect either the Sydney or Adelaide Govern ments to bear any portion of the expense of maintenance, which would thus devolve entirely upon this colony, but they might reasonably be asked to contribute a fair quota towards the cost of construction, r and as far as we know, there are no n grounds for believing, that if the appli ct ation were made to them in proper form and from the right quarter--it would meet a- with any other than the most courteous n consideration, a consideration in all pro bability, taking the practical form of n substantial pecuniary help. The very valu able and extensive shipping traffic both foreign and intercolonial, passing through Bass' Sraits, in which, in common a with our own, the two colonies men tioned, as well as Tasmania, are largely interested, would seem to justify any ex. r penditure that might be required to carry out the object sought-a justification 11 which, by the ordinary rules of propor I, tion (i.e. a comparative valueof the cost of L the work with the value of the interests :t served by the outlay) could neither be h objected to nor called in questien. But d let us see what this expenditure, which appears to have frightened Mr G. V. e Suiti into a refusal-notwithstanding that he is reported to have said " he was " as fully sympat etic with the objects of "the deputation as 'man could be, and " had every wish to carry it out if he had " the means"-amounts to. The Superin. tendent of Electric Telegraphs discarding the heavy expenses and many risks of ga submarine lide, recommends that Wilson's Promontory should be a' brought into telegraphic communi. in cation with Melbourne inland, via Port Albert, "although the distance between " the two points might be considerably d " reduced by laying dorn a short length " of cable," as compared with the more circuitous inland route. The proposed d line starts from Wilson's Promontory in a north-westerly direction to the lowest n point of Corner Inlet, which it skirts, taking a course north north- east at the e Hoddle Range; thence, with one slight dip, almost east to Welshpool, and thence, along the country north of Latrobe and Sunday Islands, to Port Albert. The whole length of this line is reported to be sixty-five miles, and the cost of the work, including preliminary surveys, \- poles, insulators, wire, instruments, bat teries, fittings, &c.;, and the cost of labor in clearing and erecting line, and of the requisite office 'buildings, 'Mr Gowd estimates at £4725-a sum ridiculously ;f small for such a very important work,from d whatever aspect it may be viewed. Recur-. ring again to thequestionof cost,Mr G. V. t SuTn's stock objection seems to be that r the proposed line would not pay. His definition of not paying, being that the revenue afforded by the line would not return either interest on the amount laid r out, or suffice to defray the cost of management. This objection he empha. sised by remarking that in view of a deficit of £11,000 in the telegraph depart ment last year, he would not be justified in incurring further expense, unless some method could be shewn by which the loss to the revenue might be covered. But it has been effectually shown over and over again that whilst this style of reasoning is very absurd, the objections to which it leads are wholly untenable. Take for instance, the gigantic railway enterprise of Great Britain. It cannot be said that as a commercial speculation-except in very few instances-it pays. But as a great national undertaking of British capi ttalists it returns a.v ery handsome protit on outlay in the enormous impetus given to the trading and manufacturing interests and to the united commerce oftthe country. We commend this view of the ease to the thoughtful consideration of Mr G. V. SMIrH and his colleagues, and as that gentleman has already publicly expressed his sympathy with the objects sought to be obtained by the Melbourne shipowners, there is fair reason to hope that if he deals with the subject in Par liament in the same courteous and pains taking spirit in which he appears to have listened to the arguments and representa. tions urged by the deputation, the action taken will result in a success only com mensurate with the importance of the concession to the shipping interests of Victoria and the neighbouring colonies. It is currently reported in Rosedale, that the application for a Road Board district has been granted-the area to extend to the sea coast-between the Avon and Alberton Shires. Mr Rosales has determined to stand again for the representation of Stringer's Creek in the Mining Board. air * 'Ghee is announced to address the electors of the east ward at Lord's Market Hotel this evening. The good folks of Stratford contemplate organising a series of horse races, to come off on the N?'ntin course on St.Patrick'aDay,and a meeaing to arrange the preliminaries is to take place at the Shakspeare Hotel on Wed nesday next. In another column will be found full par. ticulare of the lamentable accident-as elicited at the inquest-by which Mrs Smith, of St. Leonards, lost her life, and her daughter, Mrsn Johnson, suffered a fracture of her leg with other injuries, and, indeed, narrowly escaped the fate of her parent. The occurrence created &a; profound sensation not 1 only in Sale, but in the surrounding agri. cultural districts, where the unfortunate nladies were well known. The funeral of Mrs. Smith took place on Thursday, when ' her remnine were followed to the grave by a very large cortlge. The whole of the prin cipal business places in tohe town were partially closed throughout the day, as ao mark of respect to the deceased, A man named Fulford, whilst crossing the intersection of York and Macalisterstreets at a late hour last night, was run over and knocked down by a reckless equestrian, and had his side much injured by the hoofs of the horse. The Sale Turf Club have at length decided to fix the days for the autumn gathering, to which end, a meeting of the members will be held on Saturday. Our telegram last night apprised us of the total wreck of the steamship Formusa, on Point Napean, Port Phillip Heads. The vessel has gone to pieces, but the crew are saved. Elsewhere will be found a list of subscrip tions in aid of the testimonial to the widow of the late Mr. John Steele. The total amount at present in the hands of the treasurer, is £100 15s Gd, but there are several small sums still outstanding, which the secretary requests may be transmitted as early as possible. Mrs. Steele desires to express her sense of the great kindness and liberality shown to her by the collectors and subscribers to the testimonial in her favor, and to return her sincere thanks for this substantial manifestation of their sympathy. The only matters requiring the attention of the Bench at the, Sale Police Court yesterday were a case of drunkenness in which's a tman named Daffy-who had the termerity to enter the court during the sitting of the preceding day in a state of intoxication and commit sundry vagaries-was ordered to pay a fine of 10s or take the customary alternative; f and one fraud action judgment in which was reserved. The repeatedly apjourned case of W. J. Allister v. Boon-in which defendant was called to defend a fraud summons for the non.payment of a sum of money for which judgment had been obtained by the com F plainant, and by his attorney, raised the 1 objection that the proceedings were informal, inasmuch as a higher court had ruled that a second fraud summons in one case was unwarrantable, when the defendant had been t examined on the first summonus- appears to 1 require no small amount of consideration on the part of the magistrates. Indeed it would seem that from the ambiguity of the act " in that case made and provided," the Sale Bench are loth to give a decision upon a the issue put forth. The period of the last adjournment having expired, this ease was called on for adjudication at the Sale Police Court yesterday, when Mr. Foster, P. 3i., who presided, made a further remand. The man named Robert Gilmore, who was t arrested -at the Cherry Tree Flat station, n near Woodside, brought up before the Palmerston Bench of Magistrates, charged e with stealing a horse from the Cross over turn off, near Shady Creek, remanded to Sale, to the 2nd February, duly brought up t on that day and further remanded for the production of evidence, was aguin placed in e the dock on Thursday, when testimony was adduced in substantiation of the c'arge. As there was a further information against the accused for the larceny of a saddle and o bridle, the Bench again remanded him for e the production a material witness for the prosecution. A few weeks since, we stated that a Sunday school was being organized in con e uknction with St Mark's ChurCh, Rosedale. P We are now glad to say that the most 7 sanguine expectations of those interested in the movement, have been more than realised, the number of children attending having steadily increased, the last attend ance numbering 84 children, although several on the roll were absent. Considering the size of the township, this would appear conclusive proof that the parents and friends of the children attending, are earnest in their endeavors to support the school. An l addition to the numbers of teachers would be s beneficial, as the staff is at present but B limited. Some confusion arose at an early stage of the proceedings of the Sale Borough Council , on Thursday evening. The Town Clerk having read the minutes, called attention to the fact that Mr Ritchie, who was ruled not to be a member after the disposition of councillors in consequence of the formation of wards, had participated in the business of the previous meeting, and had seconded a motion, and stated that he had some doubt as to inserting his name, and requested instructions in the matter. The majority of the Council seemed to think that as Mr Ritchie had acted in the capacity of a councillor when seconding the motion, the fact should be duly recorded in the minutes, and that Mr Ritchie should abide the consequences, whilst Mr Macarthur ex. pressed a belief that the Mayor had acted wrongly in allowing Mr Ritchie to sit if he was not a conncillor. The Mayor, however, disclaimed all liability for the actions of Mr Ritchie, and the Clerk was eventually instructed to record Mr Ritchie as the seconder. So the matter ended. The late opportune rains have greatly cheered the graziers and farmers about the Rosedale district, particularly those who suffered by the late extensive bush fires. Where but a few weeks since the earth was black from burnt grass and leaves, there is now a luxuriant growth of herbage in many places fully four inches in height, giving quite an appearance of epringtide to the pastures. The good effect is also apparent in the appearance of the cattle, who are already shewling signs of improvement in their condition Another boon has been the partial filling up of several water holes, which had succumbed to the drought of the early part of the season. It would appear that the facilities afforded for bathing in the Thomson at the site known as the Sandbank, near Pearson's Bridge, are so great that the popularity of the original bathing sheds-notwithstanding the amount of money that has been expended upon them -is upon the wane. The Sandbank certainly is more conveniently situated for the majority of the burgesses, and (thanks to the exertions of the Rev. MIr Brown) a stage, seats, &e.;, have been erected, which are a great boon to the numerous frequenters of the place. At the Council meeting on Thaneday even. ing Mr Macarthur moved for the appropria. tion of a sum not exceeding LI0 towards pro-. viding accomraoclation for bathers there; but as the question of " illegality" as to voting of the money was raised, and the dangerous nature of the spot to those who had not acquired the art of swimming was urged, the motion was negatived. It will be seen that Mr. James Pendlery. of Edwards' Beef, is a candidate for the Gippaland Mining Board at the ensuing i election. The first temperance soiree and concert in connection with the Band of Hope, Maffra. is announced to take place on Wednesday the 10th inst. The quarterly return of births and deaths by the registrar at Sale, Mr. Quinan, is as follows:-October: births 14, deaths 6; November : births 7, deaths 4; December : births 20, deaths 1. A communication from the Public Works Department has been reen received by the secretary to the Gippaland Mining Board, informing the chairman that the memorial presented by him in favor, of a sum of money being placed on the estimates to obtain a permanent entrance to the lakes, will receive due attention. s The following mdt was dropped into our letter.box :-A new idea from Roas-shire, I dedicated to the Sale Borough CounciL 1" Mend your streets with mud, and keep a dung heap in your yards to preserve the S health of your households ! !" A meeting of the newly appointed trustees of the Sale Cemetery was held on Wednesday; t present, Messrs H. C. Staveley (in the chair). SN. Guthridge, G. Ross, W. T. Dawson and d C. 1R. Sibbald. It was moved by Mr Sibbald, t seconded by Mr Guthridge and agreed to, that fr Staveley be requested to act as treasurer to the trustees. It was arranged that Mr Staveley should call another meet ing of the trustees as early as possible, to h receive his and Mr Sibbald's report as to the accounts, &c;, of the cemetery. W. H. Foster, Esq., P.M., adjudicated at the Stratford Police Court on Wednesday. The case of Barton v. Rawlings, in which plaintiff sought to recover a sum of money for stripping bark, was dismissed without prejudice, on the ground that plaintiff failed I. to prove delivery of the quantity of bark stated. Constable Feeley brought a little half-caste girl before the court as a " neglected child." The Constable de- posed that Mrs Samuel Swan, of Stratford, had given the girl into his custody under the "Neglected and Criminal Childrens Statute;" that he knew Mr and Mrs Swan had taken charge of the child since her birth, but that the girl had, during the last half year, refused to be longer under the control of Mrs Swan, and had wandered about places of public resort, and had no place of settled abode except that of Mrs Swan, from which she had wandered. Mrs Swan de- posed that she had taken charge of the child since her birth, but that latterly the child had refused to obey her, and had left her home, wandering about the township until a very late hour at night. She (Mrs Swan) felt that she was no longer in a posi- tion to take charge of the child. The police magistrate adjourned the consideration of the case for fourteen days, and promised that in the meantime he would communicate with the Rev. Mr Hagenauer, the aboriginal protector and ascertain if he would un- dertake the education of the child at the mission station. Mrs Swan has, since the girl's birth, at her own expense, supported and educated the child. The little one in court was dressed in remarkably neat and clean clothes. At the Sale Police Court on Tuesday, H. 9a C. Staveley, Esq, and Dr. Arbuckle pre. d siding, John Roberta, charged by Constable n O'Callaghan with being drunk and disorderly was cautioned and discharged. Robert 1\. Gilmore was brought up in custody of Con. h stable Smallman, of Tarraviile, on a charge g of horse stealing. He was remanded till r Thursday to allow of the attendance of the s prosecutor, who lives at Shady Creek. The n case of Harper v Rothwell, illegally setting fire to grass, was struck out, neither party e appearing. The Alberton Shire Council have called a public meeting for the 2nd March, to con. sider the advisability of comstructing a cheap il line of railway between Welshpool and k Sale. This is certainly about the twentieth o time that our worthy friends of South Gipps. land have raised this ghost of the Port if Albert and Sale railway. They might just a as sensibly expend their surplus energies in a an attempt to organise a company to raise 1 the wind without any regard to the com. mercial capabilities of their district, or a company which is to give everybody every. f thing without submitting them to the vulgar necessity of working for a living. Our readers will doubtless remember that the Gippaland Mining Board, at their last sitting, passed several new bye.laws, which were forwarded to the Attorney-General for his approval. Some of these ~ive been returned for further amendment, on the plea of illegality. Bye-law 36, referring to liens has not been sanctioned, albeit it is simply a copy of a law in force in theo Peclhworth district. It appears a strange caprice on the part of the law officers of the crown, that what is deemed law in one district should not be held good for another. Bye-law 3S, referring to registrar's fees, is also a copy of a BeechwJrthl bye-law ; nevertheless the Gippaland Mining Board are informed that it is beyond the power of the Board, and that it is the province of the Governor. in-Council only to legislate on the subject. This bye-law is, in fact, nothing more than afac simile of bye-law 43, of the Beechworth Board, which was duly pussed. Amont dangerous practice is prevalent in Rosedale, and which, sooner or lsttr, will result in some serious accident if not lossn of life. The practice we allude to, is that of suffering calves to wander about the streets of the township with large pieces of wonod attached to them by means of along rope, the effect likely to be produced through a spirited horse, with a timid rider, meeting one of these sliding blocks of wood cros. sing his path may be easily imagined, the provoeaticn, however, given to a shying horse is not the only danger, Many of these wandering calves get fast to some root or log by the incubus they drag after thlem, getting jammed in it, and this brings them into as unsatisfactory a condition for the public generally as is that of their confreres, who are tethered out on the pathways with rope sufficient to let them get well into the centre of the roadway, and become a source of danger to both horsemen and vehicles. A few days since one of the perambulating progeny of the milky mothers was observed I securely fastened by the piece of rail he was c trailing after him, becoming fast in the root of a tree not far from the church, and along. aide the Melbourne oad, across which stretched taut was the rope, the uifo:tfao t animal exerting all its artength im pullin backwards to get free. This might a, easily have happened in the evening as wse as the morning, and the first horseman coming along might have received his quietus without warning. It is quite time s~e. thing was done to abate this nuisance. Local industries appear to thrive at Rose- dale. Mr Cannick, of the Rosedale tannery shipped last week, per Maid of J uLaw several tons of leather, with a view to try the English market, and has sent down this week two tons more for shipment per first homeward vessel Such enterprise is worthy of commendation, and had we but better means of exporting our produce, there is little reason to doubt that mud carital at present lying unproductive iu North Gippaland would find profitable ,p. portunities for its investment, benefitt.n both capitalist and artisan. In the December Court of Petty Seasion at Rosedale, a case was heard- Colgate v. Ross-in which the plaintiff sought to recover from defendant certain sums of money due to men employed on a contract at Merriman's Creek bridge, on the Rosedale and Port road, which men had been engaged by Mr Colgate on defendant's behalf. The defen- dant, who was remarkably voluble in Court alleged that be was personally responsible to the men for the amount of their wages; that they had worked hard and faithfully, and were well deserving of their pay; and that he was then and there ready and willing to pay, but not through Mr Colgate, as he disclaimed him as an agent in the matter. The case was consequently dismissed, and as defendant represented that he was at considerable loss of time and expense in attending, two pounds costs against plaintiff were awarded to him by the Bench. No sooner, however, was the case over, than Mr. Ross disappeared, and the two men in question, R. Williams and George Ulrich, were unable to obtain payment of their money ; subsequently they both obtained summonses for the last court against Mr. Ross, but the police were unable to serve them personally, as he was not to be found at home. In the absence of the con- stables, to attest to the service of the sum- mons, nothing could be done, beyond grant- ing the issue of fresh summonses to the com- plainants, with of course as much prospect as before of their being served personally on the defendant. It certainly appears an easy way to evade payment, by first enga- ging men through an agent-then repudia- e ting the agent-in favor of personal respon- sibility to the men who had worked both hard and faithfully, and then as a climax, to be non inventus. The contract surveyor's work in the vicinity of Rosedale appears to be progress- ng rapidly. All the selections under the 42nd clause applied for on Flinn's Creek have been marked off, and Mr Liddiard is com- mencing with those allotments which have been pegged out on Blind Joe's Creek, as that immediately after the commission sits a large addition to the population of the dis- trict may be anticipated, which will be another step in the opening up of the multitudinous resources of North Gipps- land. 1 most daring theft was committed on Thursday night at the farm of Mr Thomus Coto, on the Maffra road. Some lelloi " stole two valuable tarpaulins-the one from e a dray at the rear of the dwelling house, tl f other from off a stack of hay a few yards distant-and some portions of harness. The loser offers a reward of L2, in another column, for information sufficient to convict I the thief ; and it is to be hoped the efforts of the police to discover him will be successr SfoL It will be seen by the last half-yearly re. port of the Gippsland Steam Navigation Company, which we publish this morning in I another column, that the affairs of the comu pany are scarcely so satisfactory as could be wished. The meeting of the shareholders was not numerously attended, but it is evident there were quite enough of the right men there to make a very critical examine tion of the affairs of the company. It wu contended that the balance sheet was not t satisfactory, and some at least of the share s holders had no faith in the future promisec of success and fair dividends held out by the management. A proposal for winding np the present company and reorganrising it cn a more substantial basis only escaied adp. tion by a timely motion for adjourrnenttr Friday week. In thie meantimr e the pr posal will doubtless be earnestly conridertd by the sharchohlrs; antid, if it should result in the recstablishing of a company whid might, if mannaged on more liberal sr.d business.like principles, become very prodL able to the pIrroprietors ani an imrnrrechell to the prosperity of Gippsland at lsrg. Captain lMasterton and others who are of hii opinion will have rendered our people 1 service which they will net be slow to appreciate. It is to bie hoped that the queO tion of freight charges in farmers' produce to Melbourne, especially from Clydloebank sn/ IBairnsdale. wil!l not escaipe consideration ot the hands of thie directors. We pihall lIok with some interest for the account of the proceedings at thie adjourrnedi meeting. The first meeting in connection with tbs electior of a member for the representation of the east ward in the Borough Council .ts hIelrt on Tuesday everning, when Mr WI'Ghe~, one of the candidates, addressed the electors at MIr Royle's pIremises on thie Sale plains; Mr Carter occupied the chair. The atten' dance was rather mneagre. Mr .I'Ghee, who wans greEted with appilause, and was astten tively listened to thlrorughout his ahlress, spoke at some length, attriluting his late defeat to his absence from the district, rec pudiating thie statement which lhad gainOl currency that he retired fromr thie Counil only after having involved it in lobt, atir. matising it as a ru.r, on the part of.tr' scrupulours antagonists, and nihwriog tlt thie debit balrrce was solelv occasrionelby thenon-paymenrt of the Governmenrt grant of £725. Thie cr.ndidiate next advlrted to various matters of local interercst. I[ C.l favourably disposedrl towardnl thie er rtio. Ol substantial but in, xpensive !,ril;' onver , inug Creoo, aIt I caglcnrt , cnscivig it tiole work of utility, re also to the estllielhmitent of a market on a moderate rscale at the co?t' miencemnent, but deplored the fact thit * much money ihad been iunIprODLuCti?'r expendedl on the abattoirs and hoIolntsi gardens, andl pointed out that he I haJ delvouredl to prevent such a prersst?r tlay, especially in the latter case, since he ays held the ornamental works sub vient to the useful In conclusion, the aker gave a resume of his previous career the Council, asserting that he had ever el conscientiously, and, as he considered, the general good of the electors, and he ured those present that if he were re ned for the east ward he would endeavor participate in their local legislation as sistently as he had hitherto done, which considered was all the ratepayers could ect of him. No questions were put to candidate, and, immediately upon the elusiou of his address, the customary e of confidence was moved by Mr tchell, seconded by Mr Hull, and carried _animously. eferring to the matter of the proposed oval of the Latrobe bar, the following is py of the memorial sent by the Borough Suncil, supplementary to the action already en by the Mining Board : "To the Ioni. the Chief Secretary. 9tºhe memorial of the mnayor and councillors 'f the borough of Sale most respectfully That the trade of the borough of Sale, t surrounding country, and Gippsland generally, is most injuriously affected by the sand.bar at the entrance of the Latrobe River into Lake Wellington, by which the filities for water carriage for eighty miles a rendrendered comparatively unavailable. :' That the importance of having the bar poved hicas beeni repeatedly urged on the Government, and always admitted. ' That the Governlment dii on a previous ogeasiun apportion a suns of money for the parpose, and authorised a local committee to Taged the same, but that, through the fa?ure of the contractor, the money so voted lapset to the general revenue before the worlks couldl be completed. *That the necessity for the work has graly increased within the past few years, from the rapid development of our mining ead agricultural interests, as also from the fact that there are now several vessels ex. elasively engaged in the inland and coasting trade. " That the importance of removing the LatrobLe ar is not contingent on the Lakes' entrance to the sea being open or otherwise ; a,when thie Lakes' cntranceis closed,the La. trobe River then becomes a portion of the highway of the district, goods being carried to the Latrobe from Port Albert and re shipped for the upper country, and vice. "itI view of the importance of the work, theCBorough Couneil respectfully beg that the sumi of two thousand pounds (L2,000) slay be placed on the Estimates for 1869, for the accomplishment of the object herein specified. "S?iged for and on behalf of the Council of the borough of Sale. "P. PLArr, Mayor. "Council Chambers. Sale, "3rd Feb., 1869." The certainty of the disease small-pox, having gained a footing in Victoria, is now placed beyond question. The following paragraph, from a Melbournt paper, would appear to show that there are grounds for fearing that the epidemic is likely to spread : -There are reasons for supposing that small poeris more prevalent in Melbourne than is Sbelieved. We are informed that two cases ot.(a very serious nature-the disease having taken a confluent form-have occurred in West Melbourne. The patients are children, and the matter is kept quiet because their parents dread being interfered with. All the clhildren at the Sunbury Industrial Schools have been vaccinated, and the super intendeut intends issuing an order directing all the officers of the institution to be vac cinated also. Those who refuse to comply will have to leave. In order still further to guard against the disease, all children now committed to the schools will first be sent on board one of the hulks in the bay, there to be vaccinated, and undergo a period of pro batiou. 