A CONSPIRACY IN. NEW ZEALAND. . It appears, that our friends, the New Zea land Colonists, are fond of sensation and excitement. That life which is a chill ?routine of duty and business has no charms for. them. Tkey must. have change and novelty. The Maories give them a good deal of the latter, indeed more than they have any relish for at times ; but, even that diversion is now getting worn oufc, and they evidently have been on the seai-ch foi something' new, Whether they have been attracted by foe unhealthy excite ment, social dissension, and religious aver sion which Mr. Piu-kes' Ghost Story gavt rise to, we know not ;; but this at least we have knowledge of, they have contrived to g^t up a conspiracy.-; ? Truth' compells us to state that it is no way copiecFaffcer or imi tated from- the famous plpt 'unearthed by oar great statesman, \, on. ; 'the. contrary it is thoroughly original, indeed, as a theatrical manager would say 'it has never before been produced in these colonies.' There is nevertheless one' common ' ' element in these two notable conspiracies, Feniauism, that dreadful ogre, enters freely into their composition. With the nature of Mr. Pakes' piot, our readers by this tivne ought be thoroughly acquainted, so we shall say nothing further about it nov. but confine our attention to the desperate ''and treason able combination to which. New Zealand has given birth. Let. our first step be to immortalize .the loyal hero,, who not only revealed the atrocious conspiracy, but actually grappled with it, single-handed. Future generations are therefore to keep in veneration the name of Mr. Civil Com missioner Mackay, who hails .from Sliort land. ?''- Statues, before now, have been eroefed in honor of men who have not done the State as much service as Mr. Mackay, and we trust that this gentle man's watch ful loyalty will prove sufficient to rescue' his memory from oblivion. Without further circumlocution we pro ceed to give an outline of this terrible con spiracy. On the West coast of New Zea land there is a district called Ohinemuri, peopled!' by Maories who are suspected of not being very friendly to the Colonial Government. It is said that they are deeply ' infected witli tke Hau-hau fanati cism the chief end of which, as we know, is the expulsion of all Europeans from the island, akd the- establishinenfc of Va 'purely' Maori kingdom: . Ajn iixipression^g^.aoroj^d that the. . district, was. gplo^pr^dWn&iand; ; as a matter pf.cQ.urse diggers r'afched Jii-to prospect !the vcfotintry^in s&u;*k- of ;-$e fire-' fiious metal At th^gunct^e'ilae horroiW *f the story begin to make their appear ftcce, TLe swyoritjr.Qf fcfc© gold-seekers were Irish, and consequently, according to official ideas, not too strong in their allegi-^ ance to the British Crown. They are a hard-working, honest, generous, high-! spirited race, are these diggers; they earn their money with excessive toil and yet think lightly of it, the claims ot religion are never put before them without meeting a response out of all proportion to their humble means ; they never turn their back on their poor comrades, 01 pass suffering unheeded ; but then they are rather rough, not over polite to meddlesome functionaries, and are most republican in their notions about ranks, titles, and nobility. With these attributes, it would be hard for them, under present circumstances, to escape sus picion, more especially those who have the misfortune to be Irish. Well, , the Celtic diggers got into. Oliinemuri, saw indications of the presence of. gold, and then, according to Civil Commissioner Mackay, commenced to form the treasonable design, of securing the country and its hidden treasures for themselves. To effect this wicked purpose they proceeded according to notions diame trically opposed to those in obedience to which the British take possession, of other people's territories. For instance they did, not, according to the loyal accounts which have reached us, intend to dispossess the Maories and exterminate them afterwards, nor did they design using violence of any kind. Mr. Mackay informs' the public that these Irish diggers commenced to make treasonable overUires to the Hau-haus. With diabolic cunning they insinuated to the Maories that they came not of the same race as the rest of the diggers, that they were hostile to the English Government, as a proof of which they asserted that the Queen's son had been shot by one of their nation, and that they were quite willing to support them, the Hau-haus, against the colonial troops. In this way they en deavoured to strike up an alliance offensive and defensive the tei ms of which were to be as follows ; the Maories were to allow the Irish diggers free access to all parts of the country, give them full liberty to mine for gold whei'ever indications of it presented themselves, and to rigidly prevent any other gold-seekers from penetrating into the district; in return the Celts were not to interfere with the Hau haus, to make no seizure of any portion of the land, and to assist them in their battles against the colonial troops. In brief, there was to be a Hiberno- Maori power established with . as little delay as possible throughout New Zealand. These 'ugh treasonable negociations were progres sing, the Maories showed every disposition to accept the terms proposed, the fate of Ohinemuri trembled in the balance when, fortunately for the British Empire, Mr. Civil Commissioner Mackay appeared upon the stage. He came, he saw, and, we are extremely happy to state, he conquered also. He was a veritable 'deus ex machina' sent to put all things to right and restore the honor of the British flag. Hau-hauism vanished and treason slunk away, abashed from his presence. He set to -work energetically, for hesitation might have been fatal. He attended Maori councils, had long private interviews with influential chiefs, spent a whole evening in confidential discourse with two distin guished Hau-hau ladies, whom he got into any amount of trouble by an injudicious present of a whip, and in a general way he devoted himself to the maintenance of order and the frustration of the evil designs of those who had been tampering with the Maories. The zealous official managed to pick up a great deal of useful information, and then he proceeded to act. His very first act was to order all the diggers out of tl^e country. This no doubt was rather an extreme step, but then Mr. Mackay is a wise man, an able diplomatist, especially among the ladies, and he judged it expedient. The miners grumbled, and seeme,d rebelliously inclined, but all to no purpose, they had to leave the golden pros pects i of Ohinemuri behind them. Two refractory individuals declared emphatically they would not, return to Shortland, and packing up their swags struck out at once for the^Hau-hau' country. This ^vas open d.e'ianjce^a1 thing, not to be suffered, and so the Cogiinisioner sent an armed party to bring jthem backj 'but'un.l'uckily they die! not gStAiippivfche track dfthfefugitiveS) and they were cooip^lled to return without them. The remainder were more amenable to orders, and they were sent away by ship loads, -The latest intelligence though is to the effect that there are armed' bands 6i; diggers in the hills, who flatly declare they will not quit the country in obedience to Mi . Mackay's command, but will resort to force to maintain their ground if he at tempts to remove them. Probably the Commissioner whose loyal energy has been able to overcome so mairy difficulties will find a way of dealing with those trouble some and obstinate fellows. We notice that this gentleman has been taking a leaf out of Mr. Parke's conspiracy book ; he says that he is in possession of astound ing information, but he will not publish it until he has obtained sufficient evidence to. convict the guilty parties We venture to predict that Mr. Mackay's, like Mr. Parkes's conspiracy will end ' in a bottle of smoke' and only leave behind it a strong odour of imposition and credulity. Of course public report enlarged considerably upon the Commissioner's story, it was re vised and improved by loyal alarmists to suit the taste of certain classes of the populace. Rumours were circulated that a treasonable organization had been dis covered and that astounding revelations were expected to ensue. Our readers will readily guess what sort of an organization was implied. Ubiquitous Fenianism was very naturally credited with it, and no man could be found hardy enough to con tradict this absurd rumour. For the life of us we cannot imagine why the English people in all quarters of the globe should be smitten with this nonsensical and extra vagant Fenian panic. In any place where there is even a sprinkling of Irishmen sus picions are excited, and precautions taken as though the men meditated the destruc tion of all around them. When will the British people return to their senses, and open their minds to the fact that our countrymen, thankful for escaping mis government at home, are only anxious to setcle down in peace and har mony with their fellow- colonists of every race 1 Visions of Fenian Head Centres plotting murder and outrage with painted and tatooed Maoi'i chiefs dis turb, we do not doubt, the slumbers of many a nervous New Zealander. Will reflection never come? Will the absur dity, the baselessness of such scares ever present themselves to the minds of those people who claim pre eminence over all others in the world for intelligence, manli ness and cool judgment 1 As for this New Zealand affair it is so intensely' ludicrous that the person who can speak of it other wise than with joke and laughter must be either a very prejudiced man or else a very great fool. As titles and decorations are now placed within the reach of colo nists, it may be that Commissioner Mackay ;hbpes to see his distinguished services in repressing the Fenian Conspiracy, rewarded by a handle to his name or a bauble for his breast. 