OUR SYDNEY LETTER. What shall I write about, tell me, pray? What are the stirring events of the day? What is the topic men talk of most ? Och ! troth, then, my darlin', 'tis Parkes's ghost ! There, my dear Mr. Editor, you see I've actu ally blossomed into verse over this "momentous question. One would think I had been engaged to write for that magnificent (!) paper Colonial Society (which, by the way, is far too bright to lost), but the truth is, I am " seeing the old year out and the new year in" amongst a few friends, so you must excuse me if I am in rather exube rant spirits this blessed " Hog- menay nicht," as our Scotch friends call it, if I have been rightly informed. And now, before I go any further, I must wish you and your readers a happy new year, and many more of them to follow. I hope this new season will bring us all the good luck which the dying year has not. I hope we shall have "peace and plenty" smiling throughout the land in 1869, instead of the forms of adverse for tune, in the shape of floods and droughts that have characterised too many of the years that are gone. I hope we shall have full harvests, and fields of golden grain enough to make the heart of every jolly farmer leap within his manly breast. I hope we shall see the last of oidium tuckerii, the Cumberland disease, pleuro-pneu monia, ad valorem duties, newspaper tax, and all the evils we now groan under, ere the next par cel of three hundred and sixty-five days is packed away on the shelves where old Father Time keeps his worn-out clothes. I hope we shall all be good boys then, where so many are bad boys now. I hope— in fact, I hope for a great many more than I or you shall ever get ; but still, there's no harm in hoping, so I shall recall none of my New Year's wishes, but " hope on, hope ever." The Opposition are preparing all their forces for the coming fray but rumour, that lady with the thousand tongues, says that Mr. Parkes will play his " little game" more cautiously in 1869 than he has done in 1868. Unless he does so, if he will take an outsider's warning, he will find himself " on the wrong side of the hedge" with a vengeance. His popularity has been ter ribly on the wand during the past few months, and the crowning defeat of the vote of want of confidence has added another weight to the scale of his reverses. Poor Parkes, I pity him, for after all I believe he means well ; but, in the world political, my friends, meaning well does not go so far as doing well, so you and I, if we mix in politics, must do as politicians do, and kick the man whose evil genius has already knocked him down into the gutter of unpopu larity. Not that Parkes, once down, is down for ever ; he'll be up on his feet before the Min istry can cry "Jack Robertson"— a cry, by the way, which is rather common in these days, par ticularly at the theatres, where it is "nightly received with tumultuous applause. There was one little thing I forgot to mention in my last, and the omission of which I must hasten to repair in " these presents. " I allude to Dr. Lang's very proper and honourable sugges tion, that the country should reward the eminent services rendered to it by Mr. Scott, of Brisbane Water, the gentleman to whom we owe the in troduction of the sugar-cane into the colony. There is no doubt on my mind, that year by year the industry of sugar-growing, still almost in its infancy, will expand until, at no very far distant epoch, it will reach a point when we shall say to one another, " All honour to the man who first gave us this boon." If these are to be our feelings then, why should they not be our feel ings how, when we can clearly foresee the im mense advantages to accrue to, us and our pos terity, by the fostering, of this industry in our midst. I, for one, maintain that Mr. Scott has earned our lasting thanks already, but, I say, with Dr. Lang, give him a tangible proof of our gratitude, and give it at once. Surely if we are not too poor to pay away hundreds for ministerial cab-hire, picnics, and special trains, we can af ford a cool thousand or so, as a mark of approval of the conduct of a man who has done the land he lives in more permanent benefit than any of the legislators, to whom we cheerfully give from fifteen hundred to two thousand pounds per annum. This week has been nothing but one constant round of amusements. High and low, nobs and snobs, swells and cads, have all had, and many are still having their spree, and it will be a " square week" before the echoes of our holiday mirth die out. To-night (10.30 p.m.), the streets are all ablaze with light from the shopwindows, and the tradesmen are evidently doing a very fair trade. To-morrow, if the weather only holds good, we shall see the wharves, the waters, and the glades crowded with groups of merry- makers, we shall scent the air redolent with the rankness of cheap cigars, and hear the brassy blast of fifth- rate bands on board the passing boats. Happy they, who, neither tied to Sydney by the cares of business, or the pains of sickness, can run up by train into the interior, and spend their time amongst the rural beauties in which the ex ministry are supposed to delight. Alas ! for me the glare and heat of time. A holiday, as you well know, is no holiday for an unfortunate re- porter. Still, though tied down here, I can "laugh with those who laugh," and bid them laugh their fill. At the Prince of Wales, the Pantomime con tinues to draw good houses, despite the engage- ment of such an actress as Miss Charlotte Raleigh to kill the first piece. Of all the " lumps of af fectation," without a single sparkle of talent, commend me to the young lady in question. — Pheugh ! I saw her last night, and the recollec tion disgusts me. At the Victoria, under the able management of Miss Rosa Cooper and Mr. Lionel Harding, some good Christmas pieces are being played, and meet with the unqualified ap proval of large audiences. Miss Cooper (who, though suffering acute pain, manages to act as though without a single ache.) Mr. Harding and Mr. Andrews, those prince of jesters, are nightly called before the curtin, and have thoroughly established their new regime as one of popularity. Sydney, Dec. 31. 