LA 1 KAb S 0, BBAIN-WAVES.-A THEORY. [PROM THE BPECTATOH.] Sir,— A collection of authenticated ghoBfc stories,, relating to contemporary persons and events would not only be curious and interesting, bnt might servo to throw a light on one of the darkest fields et science, a field, indeed, hardly yet claimed by science. The mere collection raiaht brine out features Buercrestive of a law. If to such a collection were added so many of the ' manifestations ' of mesmerists, spiri tualists, electro-biologists, and clairvoyants as have a clear residuum of fact (and after a sweeping deduction of professional con trii-mtious), the indication of a common notion of force through thorn all might probably be come still more obvious. Suoh statements as the ! following, ooming as they do within the acopo. of a tingle person's observation, may, doubtless, bo tuken to Btand for very many similar ouea. In giving them as sample nar ratives, I do so with two objects ; firstly, to couimonoo in your pages, if you are willing to open them for if, a veraoious and authenticated catalogue of such experiences ; and seoondly, to venture ou a crude hypothesis by way of ex plan ition, which, of course, will bo taken merely for what it is worth, but whioh has op peared plausible to some. It may, perhaps, at anyi rate serve as a temporary thread whereon to collect illustrative or contradictory instances. Mr Robert Browning, of whose keen study of tho subject his poem of 'Mr Sludge, the Medium,' would bo alone sufficient proof, tells mo that when he was in Florence, some years since, an L.aliiiu nobleman (a Count Gimiaai, of Il-ivcnna), visitipg at Floronce, waB brought to hia house, without previous introduction, by ! an intimate friend. Tho Count pro fts$ed to have great mesmeric or clair voyant faculties, and declared, iu reply to Mr Browning's avowed scepticism, that he would undertake to conviqeo him somehow or other of his powerB. He then asked Mr Browning whether ho had anything about him then and there which ho could band to him, und which whs in any wny a relio or momento. This, Mr Browning thought, was perhapo be c'uuie he habitually wore no sort of trinket or ornament, not even a watch guard, end might, therefore, turn out to bo a safe challenge. But it to happened that by a curious accident he wta theu wearing under his coat-sletves some gold wriat-etuda to his shirt, which be hud quite recently taken into use, iu tho ab sence (by mistake of a seamstress) of bis ordi nary wriwt-buttons. He had never before worn thorn in Florence or elsewhere, and had found them in some old drawer where thoy had Ja;u forgottt n for years. One of these gold studs ho' took out and handed to the Count, who held it in his hand awhile, looking earnestly in Mr Browning'd, face and then said, as if much im pressed, ' C'e qualche cosa che mi grida nell orecchio, ' Ucoisione, uccisione ! ' ' (' There is something here whioh cries out iu my ear, ' Murder, murder !*' ?? And truly ' (says Mr Browning,) ' those very studs wero tuken from tho dead body of a great-nncle of mine, who was violently killed on his estate iu St. Kitt's, nearly 80 years ago. Those, with a gold watoh and other personal objecis of valuo, were produced in a court of justice as pro vf that robbery had not been the purposo of tho slaughter whioh was effeotod by hia own slaves. They wore then transmitted to my grandfuthor, who bod his initials engraved on thorn, and wore them all his life. They wore taken out of the night-gown in which he died, and given to me, not my father. I may add, that I tried to get Count Ginnasi to use his clairvoyance on this termination of owner ship also ; and that he nearly hit upon some thing like tho fact, mentioning a bed in a room ; but he failed in attempting to deaoribe the room— situation pi tie bed with joof eot to win* I!., i ' ' ? .,. .j ...... |;.'..i, ? .i,!ii,»i.in..l.iiiiwiiiM«i»w«mnirp ? b | ^ 'f do ws And door. :. ' T£o occilrrenpe of my groat I ! nncle'k murder was kabwu only '^o myself of all | j men in Florenoo,' aa certainly was also my pos || session of 'the: stadia.' , ' '' il! ' |: Mr Wbolner, the' soulptori tells me the f ol- I ? lowing story o? two young men— one of them a I; peraonal friend of his Qwij^'nowliviDg. These I- two n?en lived for very long as great friends, I ; but ultimately quarrelled , shortly before the de li partureof one of ^theni' to New Zealand. The | ? emigrant had been absent for many years, and i his friend at home (Mr ' Woolneir'a informant) , \ i never haying kept up ,6'orr'espbndence with him, li had naturaUy' almost1 lost tae.'habit thinking | ] about him or his affAirs'.:1 One day, however, I as he sat in his xboms in a street near Oxford ] \ street, the thought of his friend came suddenly j ! ? npon him,: accompanied by the mest restless 1; and. indefinable diBcomfort; He could by no I ; means account for it, but finding^ the feeling I grow ihore and more oppressive, tried to throw 1; it off by a change of occupaiiion. ' Still the disi oomfort grew, till it amounted' 'to' a sort of strange horror. He thought he must be sickening for a bad illness, and and at length, being unable to do' 'anything1 else, went out of doors and walked np and down the busiest streets, hoping' by the sight and sound of multi tudes' of men ancf ordinary thinga to dissipate ' his strange and mysterious misery. Not, now ever, till he had wandered to and fro in the most wretched state of feeling for nearly two hours, utterly unable to shake off an intolerable sort of vague cbnsbipusnes? of his friend, did the impression leave him and his usual frame of ; mind return. So', greatly was he .struck and puzzled by all this, thathe wrote down precisely ' the date of the day and' hour of the occurrence, : fully expecting to have news, of or from his old friend. And surely, 'when the next mail, or the next but, one arrived, ''there came the horrible hews that at jthbt very day and hour (al lowance ',beibg; made' for longitude) ' his friend ; had been made prisoner by the natives of New Zealand, and put to a slow , death with the moBt frightful tortun s. , f , Of 'this same kind, though happily different [ in result, is a story of his own experience, which Mr Tennyion, the iPoet Laureate, tells ' me, viz., that some years ago he was induced to try (successfully) the curative effect of' i meem-irism by passes of the hands upon a : patient, whe became so sensitive' as to be aware on one occasion of liis approach by railway two hours btfore he reached the ' home, and when hid ooming was entirely unannounced and unpre meditated. On another occasion, the same patient positively asserted to a third person that Mr Tennyson had been there the day before, when Mr Tennyson himself was equally positive to the contrary,— till he afterwards remembered that he had coine as far as the \- grounria of the hbuae, and then changed his nd and turned baok. ? : So' far for authenticated sample narratives, to which, as I have said, many more m-iy pro bably be added with due care. , To Gome now to my crude bypo'thesis of a brain-wave as ; explanatory .of them and of, kindred stories. Let it be granted 'that whensoever any action takes place in the ; brain, a chemical '. change of its substance takes place also; (r, in other wbrdsi ail atomic movement occurs ; ; for all chemical change in ' ' volves — perhaps consists in— a change in the : relative positions of the. constituent particles of the substance changed. [An electric mani-! ? festation is the likeliest outcome of any such : chemical change, whatever other manifestations may also occur] Let it be also granted that there, iB, diffuseel throughout all known space, and permeating the interspaces of all bodies, solid, fluid, or gaseous, an uaivereal impalpable, elastic '.'Ether,1' or material medium of sur passing! and inconceivable -tenuity. [The un dulations of this imponderable ether, if not of substances submerged in,it, may probably prove to be light, maghetitm,' heat, &c;] But if these two assumptions be granted, and the present condition of discovery seems to warrant them, should it not follow that no brain action can take place without oreating a wave or undula tion (whether electric or otherwise) in the ether ; for the movement of any solid particle sub merged in any such medium mu«t create a wave? If no, we should have as one result of brain aotion an undulation or wave in the cir cumambient, all-embraoing ether, — we should have, what I will ( call brain-waves proceed ing from every brain when in action. Each acting, thinking brain then would become a centre of undulation transmitted from it in all directions through spaoe. Suoh undula tions would vary in character and intensity in accordance with the varying nature and force of brain actions, eg , the thoughts of love or hate, of life or deatb, of murder or rescue, of consent or refusal, would each have its corres ponding tone or intensity of brain action, and consequently of brain wave (just as each paB sion has ita corresponding tone of voice). Why might not bnoh undulations, when meeting with, and falling upon, duly sensitive substances, as if, upon the sensitised paper of the photo grapher, produce impressions, dim portraits of thoughts, as uudulatiobs of light - produce por traits of objects ? The Bound wave passes on through myriads of bodies, and among a mil lion makes but one thing shake, or sound to it; a sympathy of structure makes' it sensitive, and it alone. A voice or tone may pass un noticed by ten, thousand ears, but strike and vibrate one into a madness of recollection. In . the same way the brain-wave of Damon pas sing through space, producing no perceptible effect, meet's somewhere with the sensitised and sympathetic brain of Fytbias, falls upon it, and thrills it with a familiar movement. The brain of Pythias is affected as by a tone, a perfume, a color, whioh he has been used to associate with hiB friend,; he knows not how or why, but Damon comes into his thoughts, and the things c »ncerning him by association live again. If the last brain waves of life be frequently intensest — convahive in their energy, as the firefly's dying flash is its brightest, and as oftentimes the 'lightening before death ' would seem to show — we may perhaps seem to see hotv it is that apparitions at the hour of death are far more numerous and clear than any other ghost stories. * ' Suoh oblique methods of communicating botwean brain and brain (if such there be) would prob ably bat rarely take effect. The influences would be too minute and subtle to tell upon any brain already preo.,-.cnpied by aotion of its own, or on any bat brains of extreme, perhaps morbid susceptibility. Bat if, indeed, there be radiating from living brains any such streams ♦The experience of Admiral Beaufort when drown ing (ojn9rmed by other similar accounts) points to aa extreme and marvellously intense action of the brain just boforo doatu Some years since a ghost club oxisted at Cambridge which sif tod all the ghost stories it coHld,flRd,'&nd-;,oqnoindfld. JhaJiithpseiDnlxwharo-tho., test of searching inquiry which concerned apparitions ftt tljo hoarpf death, of vibratory movements (as Burely there must be),* these may well have an' effect, even without speeoh, and be, perhaps, the modus operandi of 'the little flash— the mystic hint,' of the poet, —of that dark and strange sphere of half-experiences which the world has never been without. There surely are brains so vusoeptible, and so ready to move to the slightest sympathetic touch, that ' Thought Ieap3 out to wed with Thought, Ere Thought could wed itself with speech.' Suoh exceptionally sensitive and susceptible brains — open to the minutest influences — would be the ghost-seers, the ' mediums ' of all ages and countries. The wizards and magicians — true or false — the mesmerists and biologisers would be the men who have discovered that their brains can and do (sometimes even with out speeoh) predispose and compel the brains of these sensitive ones, so as to fill them with them with emotions and impressions more or less at will. . It will but be a vague, dim way at the best, of communicating thought, or the sense of 'hnman presence, and proportionally so as the receiving brain is less and less highly sensi tive. Yet, though it can never take the place of rudest articulation, it may have its own plaoe aud office other than and beyoud speech. It may convey sympathies of feeling beyond all words to tell, — groaninga of the spirit whioh cannot be uttered, visions of influences and impressions not elsehow communicable, may carry one's living human presence to another by a more subtle and excellent way of sympathy. ' Stir to star vibrates light ; may soul to soul Strike thro' a finer element of he own ? So, from afar, touch at once ?' t , The application of such a theory to such narratives as I have given above is obvious. \ In Mr Browning's case, his brain, full of the murder thought, and overflowing with' its cor respondent brainwave, floods the sensitive brain of the Count, who feels it directly. His attempt to read the second transfer of owner ship is almost as illustrative as his closer suc cess with the first. The death-bed thought and, its correspondent brain-wave were suffi ciently strong and striking in Mr Browning's mind to have a character of their own ; the' rest of the complicated picture was too minute and ordinary, did not burn itself into or out of hiB brain with enough distinctness. The pro minent notes of the music were alone caught by the listener. In Mr Woolner's case, — the death convul sion of the emigrant's brain, aud the corres pondent brain-wave flooded spaoe with the intensity and swiftness of a flash of actual light or magnetism, and wheresoever it happened to find the sympathetic substance, the substance accustomed to vibrate ta it, and not too vio lently preoooupied with other aotion to be in sensible to suoh fine impressions, shook it with the terrible vague subtle force of association deaoribed. The intervening space and matter need be no more an obstacle than the 3000 miles of Atlantic wire are to the galvanic cur rent, or the countless diBtauces of its travel to the light from Sirius. A similar explanation holds good for Mr Tennyson's story, in whioh the leas distances seems somehow less staggering at first sight. : In such a manner, too, the answers given by the so-called ' spirit-rapping' (when not im-' posture) seem explicable. These are made by the spelling-out of words letter by letter, the questioner alone knowing the reply, and the letter whioh would be right to help it. The character cf his thought, and consequent brain wave, changes from denial to consent, when, letter nfcer letter being pointed to in vain, the right letter is reached at last. That change of thought-state is reflected in a change of brain aotion and wave-movement, whioh the sensitive medium feels, and at once acts upon. Many ghost and dream stories seem to yield also to some such mode of interpretation, and much might be added in illustration and ex pansion of it, as touching1 rumors, presenti ments, ponios, revivals, epidemic-manias, and so forth ; but I have said enough to put the sug gestion before better minds, whether for qor reotioa or disproof. — I am, Sir, &c;, J. T. K. The following authenticated case appeared in subsequent numbers of the same journal : — 'Sib, — The reluctance of your correspon dents to authenticate with real names the stories they have sent you in illustration of J. T. K.'s brain-wave theory induces me to submit the following narrative. I have heard my father tell the story so often, that there can be no reason why I should not tell it again in print. Whether the condition you lay down, that the real shall also be a well- known name is satisfied in his cose it is for you to judge. But to philanthropists in general, and prison reformers in particular, John Clay, of Preaton, is, I think, a familiar name. On a Sunday afternoon, about thirty years ago (the preoise date I cannot reoali) my mother and my eldest sister, then about eight years old, were s'tting together in the dining room at home. No one else was in the house, except a younger ohild, his nutse, and another servant ; all the rest of the family were absent at a neighboring church, and my father was at the goal. He was due at home in about half an hour, it then being nearly four o'clock. The afternoon was very wet, but very still, the rain falling in torrents, but with un even, steady downpour. While sitting thus my mother heard footsteps approach, and presently some one opened and passed through the yard door. (This yard door faced on to the road ; it was then a country road, and the nearest house was full 500 yards instant ; and any one going to the front door would have to pass this yard door, the dining- room windows, another win dow, and then turn round the corner of the house through a gate in the garden.) She was a good deal startled, more especially because this door, aooording to domestic regulations, ought to have been looked. She roused herself to listen with all her might, and heard dis tinctly — all the more distinctly as the bouse was so quiet — the person who bad opened the yard door enter the bouse by the back door, traverse a pansoge in the basement stoiy, open the door at the foot of tho buck stairs, mount the back stairs, and enter tho front hall. But ♦ No doubt atomic movements, cauaing waves in space, mnst start from other parts of the body as well as from the brain, an1, indeed, fro a the fluctua tions of all material bodies (whence Hitchcock's in gonious fancy of the ' Universal Telograph'). But the question here in simply limited to how brains are are affected by the movements of other brainB Just as the question of how orin porjdulum will make other pendulums swing with it is * fair mechanical inquiry by itself, though, doubtless, other questions would re main ai to how tho movomont of the pendulum would affect all othor material bodies, aa well as pendulums in the sarao room with it. Aylmer s Field. , K % i^ieeid hardly say. that.I alonejam responsible ,f or I_ Bueh an attempt at explanation of fae:e nirratlveB, and not their authors. by this time she was completely reassured, for she had recognised my father's footatep. Ho put his umbrella into the' stand with a rattling noise, took off his top-coat and shook it, and then came through the inner ball into the dining-room. Tho hall door and dining-room door were both ajar, so she easily heard all this. He went up to tbe fire, and reetiog his elbow on the mantlepiece and one foot on the fender, stood there for a few moments drying himself. At length she said, ' You must be very wet ; had you not bettor go and change your olothes at once ? — ' Yes,' he replied, ' I think I had better do so ;' aud so he turned, left the room, and went up stairs to his dres3ing- rocm. As he did not come down again for more than half an hour, my mother followed him, to see what was the cause of his delay. To her astonish ment, she found bis room empty, and no sign of his having been there. She searched through all the rooms on the same landing, hat could not find him, and at length came down stairs again puzzled and frightened ; but trying to calm herself with the supposition that, althoughs he had not noticed his departure, he must have left the house again, for some pur pose or other. Bat while she sat there, still flurried and uneasy, she heard again the s*m9 footsteps approaching, the same entrance by the back door, the same opening of tho yard door, the same tra versing of the passage downstairs, and mounting by the back stairs into the hall, the same puttiog down of the umbrella and shaking of the coat, and then my father came into the room, walked up to the fire, and placed hiB elbow on the mantelpiece and foot on the fender, just as he had done before. 'Why, where have you been?' exclaimed my mother, as soon aa she could speak, after the first gasp of amazement. 'Been?' said he, turning round and noticing for the first time her excitement and distress, ' I have been at the gaol as usual.' — ' Oh !' you know, ' that's not what I mean, I mean, where have you been sinoe you came in by the back door, just as you have done jast now, rather more tban half-an-hour since ?' — ' I don't understand you at all ; I have come straight from the gaol, and never been in the house since I left this morn ing.' — ' Oh ! it's too bad, playing jokes like this to frighten me, when you know I am not well.' (My mother was in delicate health at the time.) And then, in answer to his araized questions, she poured out the story I have told you. I believe the inoidenfc happened exactly as I have narrated. I have heai J my father tell the story repeatedly, and he war singularly truth ful and accurate. My mother's account, too, tallied preoisely with his. My sister .cannot now, I think, distinguish between what she re collects and what she has so of cen heard related. But my f ither at the time questioned her as to what she had seen and heard, and her account was that ' I saw mamma get up sud denly and go into papa's dressing-room, and then she went into all the rooms up stairs as if she was looking for something, and then sho came down aud looked as if something was the matter ; but she wouldn't answer me when I asked her what it was.' When my mother to'd her story, my father instantly recollected that as he left the gaol the thought occurred to him, when he saw how heavy the rain was, that if he found the yard door unlocked he would go in that way — a thing whioh he very seldom did — to avoid going round the corner to the front door ; and the thought having once occurred, he mentally rehearsed the circumstances of his entrance — doing in the spirit precisely what he afterwards did in the body. The distance from the gaol to our home at 'East Cliff' was rather more than two miles, and as this corresponds with my mother's ' mt.YiAr mnrA than liiilf an Vmtii- .' Mia nnnnln sion is obvious that while the imago of the yard door, back stairs, &c;, was present in his brain, his imago was simultaneously present in my mother's brain. The incident therefore is as pretty and complete an instance of a ' brain wave ' as ' J. T. E.' can wish. — I am, Sir, &C;, W. L. CliAY. Kainhill Vicarage, February 9. Sib, — Ag it is by the accumulation of evi dence that the theory of ' brain waves' must be established, I offer for your consideration the following detail of an incident in the early life of my husband's father, wbioh I think sup ports the sympathetic theory. He, Richard Jago, was the son of the Rector of Wendron, in Cornwall, and was so determined on adopt ing a sailor's life, that he twioe ran away from the surgeon in the village to whom his father had apprenticed him, and entered before tho mast. Finding it vain fca contend against so strong a bias, the looal interest of Admiral Bos oowen was sought, and ' Master Richie' ob tained a midshipman's berth, and went to aea at once. Among the events of his first voyage was the capture of a small vessel, and young Jago was sent homewards in command of the prize. When his watch expired at night, he asked his ttuocessor not to allow any one to pace the deck over his head, as he was exceed ingly tired and wished for undisturbed Bleep. This was promised ; - but he was Boon awakened by a steady footatep. He called somewhat angrily up the cabin stairs to. ask wby his desire had been disregarded. He was assured that no one had been pacing the deok, and he slept again, again to be roused to enquiry, and with the same reply to his reproaohes. On the third recur rence of the mental disturbance, he exclaimed, ?? If it were possible, I should think that it was my fathers footsteps which I have heard.' He made an entry iu his log-book of the day and hour- of the occurrence; and when he reaohed home he learned that at that time his father lay dying, and his latest thoughts were filled with his anxiety for hiB boy at sea. That boy lived till the age of 84, and frequently related the incident to his family, and I think I have related it verbatim, as I heard it from my husband, whe entirely believed that the spirit of the dying father had held communion with his absent ohild. — I am, Sir, &o.;, Eleanor P. Jaoio. Trejago, Hammersmith, Feb. 5, 1869. 