IPSWIrIt PARLIAMENTARY CLASS. Those fond philosophers lat msagnify Our human nature Cnvclscd Iut littlu i i h ili e sworld-- they e Illo Ilui Trle ierce exation of cumttuaity. To the Editor of the Quoeensland Ties. SR.,--" Go where you will, it's, ]hare you Ecen the ghost ?" This was Iheo burden of a young man's song who passed me lo-day, and I was reminded of the crowds of people who were fascinated by this absurd illusion. Such conceptions fail to draw a smile from our utilitarianism. Even spinning and wearvig is below the dignity of Ipswich, because there is a doubt as to its being remunerative. The idea of an Ipswicl cotton factory lives only in the breast of a Sparrow, and the railway to hBrisbane is a matter ofindil'ercence to all but MIurphy. Even those little political dialogues weekly appearing in your columns are in teresting only to the nice young man for West Moreton. The town is yawning for want of excitement ; busit ness is dull, polities are dormant, and lacking, as we do, the material as well as the keen appreciation for soeial and domestic scandal, we can't, like such towns as Rlockhampton, fall back on that as a dernier ressorl. We have not, like the great city of Brisbane, the advantage derired from "immigrants aid societies," "quarterly Municipal banquets," ard the Alexandra Theatre; but, oh! blessed thought! we have-yes, we lhae a Parliamentary Claus. This class is conducted on the same principles as all other British Parliaments : " May " is its guiding star, and personal abuse its fixed policy. Like all other Parliaments, it has.a Governmenl and an Oppo sition, consequent on which fact, it has now reached that happy consummation commonly called a "dead lock." On Thureday last the Speaker, as Governor, at the instigation 'of his responsible advisers, dissolved Ihe House. Tile Opposition now disputes the Speaker's power to dissolve, hence a petition to the Mayor on the.aubject. Considering the courso adopted in the formation of this class, which may be seen on refer. ence to its " HIansard," there can be no doubt of the Speaker's right, as Governor, to dissolve. The Government are evidently masters of the position, and will doubtless be able to carry out their policy, inasmuch as they are supported by the in telligencee of the new class now in psocess of formation. This crisis in thle history of our Ipswich Parliament creates considerable excitement amongst those con nected with it ; groups of our sucking politicians may at all 'times be seen near the School of Arts. The humble follower of thie great " Royalty and Loyalty" Michie struts about the town with the assumed dignity of an M.P.; for, like Richard of old, ie is himself again. The poet laureate is awfully down on his luck; so also are Guy Fawkes, the plotter, and tile hen. member who objected to be called a boy. They are afraid that they who last week were the heroes of the coup d'etat will next week be loft out in the cold. The general opinion among the authorities is that the Government must be reconstructed. The Premier has an unmanageable team, and he appears to be too careless about the fate of his Government, or too ihumane to use the whip. Perhaps, however, he will quickly cut the traces of one or two of the skittish -horses and let them run among the wolves. It is rumibired that the burly cashier and the disciple of Cugene Rimmel will have to retire. Coming events cast their shadows before them, but those shadows are tot at all times correctly interpreted-any way, next Th'ursday'will perhaps show. SINIKE. Ipswiel, November 22, 1869. SWe can liardly suppose that such letters as tho forogoing catn be of any interest to the gdneral public, and are inclined to think that they ought to be charged for as advertisements.-ED.] 