THEATRE ROYAL. HERR. BANDMANN IN "THE CORSICAN BROTHERS." As one of a series of parts in which most leading actors now-a-days are expected to appear, the twin roles of the brothers Dei Franchi customarily presents itself in due succession. It is needless to say that the play occupies but a subordinate position as a member of the great dramatic family, and that it belongs to the increasingly large class of sensation pieces, which there is no denying commend themselves to the taste of probably a large majority of playgoers. There is but little scope for really effective acting in such a part, but the task of the actor is not there fore, of necessity rendered easier, for there requires to be exhibited a certain melo- dramatic power of a peculiar kind. The ordinary melodramatic manner would be entirely out of place, for though the play is not poetic, the principal part, in order to possess all the impressive ness necessary to make it quite accept- able to an audience, should be characterised by perfect refinement for the brothers- the advocate in Paris and the chieftain in Corsica-are both understood to be educated gentlemen of the present century, and the supernatural elements have dexterously to be blended with the conventional. As to the theory-derived, it is said, from well-authenticated facts, upon which the play is founded there will, no doubt, be many opinions. The whole question of sympathies abounds with the most curious and perplexing surprises, and the history of psychology in its broader manifestations is full of instances which suggest all sorts of conjectures. The poetic drama, as we know, has in it much of the Supernatural, and some of the most effective situations have been obtained by the employment of this element. But the tolerance accorded to whatever is coloured with the true tincture of poetry is not always extended to the same objects when presented in a conventional form and with familiar characteristics, The ghost of a ruined abbey is necessarily accepted as possible, but the ghost of a drawing-room is less likely to remain unquestioned, The secret of the success of " The Corsican Brothers" consists in the play being based upon a particular theory, and assuming the theory to be valid, all the circumstances arising out of it are consistent in themselves. There is no doubt that the theory of fraternal sympathy which suggested "The Corsican Brothers,'' might well enough serve for a purely poetic drama but the fact that it has been used with complete success in making interesting a drama which, though romantic, is not poetic, is at least flattering to the ability of the adapters of Dumas' story, and the recognition of their skill is in some degree shown by the continued popularity of the play, which, notwithstanding considerable rivalry during the 19 years it has been on the English stage, still maintains its popularity. In this city it has enjoyed a very steady amount of success, and its occasional production has furnished the opportunity for very striking spectacular display. The con- current production of the piece at the Royal and at the now historical "lion Pot " is among the memories of old theatre-goers. It is always a safe piece to reproduce after any interval, and the full house of Wednesday night, therefore, might readily have been calculated upon. The picturesqueness which was so manifest in Herr Bandmann's performance of Narcisse supplies him with very exact means of efficiently representing the brothers Dei Franchi. This suggested itself as being its especially distinguish- ing quality, but the part was never the. less altogether removed from the conventional excess of melodramatic presentations. It was neither stirred nor extravagant. Herr Bandmann made the brothers move and speak like reasonable, though of course highly imaginative, human beings. The thorough belief of Fabien in the mysterious connexion between himself and his brother was so perfectly expressed that the super- natural colouring of the situations seemed entirely probable. He did not, however, make of Fabien a mere gloomy enthusiast, but imparted enough of geniality to relieve it from anything like stilled dulness. The individuality of the brothers, too, was well preserved by him, for though a strong resemblance is necessary to convey the idea of close relationship, the different circumstances in which they are placed render points of difference imperative. He gave notable emphasis to the manifestations of tenderness exhibited by Louis towards Madame de L'Esparro. Indeed, nothing could be more genuinely touching than the start of delight he showed at the discovery that the lady had been entrapped into visiting Chateau Ronaud's house, and the indignant triumph with which he led her away was equally well denoted. The final scene was managed with a careful attention to its sensational interest, without any degree of lugubriousness. Herr Band mann's Brothers Dei Franchi, therefore, may be taken as evidence of the extent of his repertory. The cast is not distinguished by any novelty beyond the allotment of the principal cha- racter. Mr. Steele played Chateau Renaud, with only a limited measure of its characteristic quality. The MCartolli of Mr. Leathes was marked by that attention to the parties Jars of costume which he has on previous occasions shown. The requirements of scenery were reasonably, but not specially well attended to, the forest of Fontainebleau being, however, on Mr. Hennings' best manner. The drama was followed by the burlesque of "The Lady of Lyons," in which Mrs.: Evans achieved an undoubted success in the exhibition of that playful piquant humour with which she is so abundantly endowed The Pauline of Mr Rogers is a rare piece of: extravagance, and Mr. Harwood's Widow Melnotte is among the conspicuous example: of his burlesque ability. The audience ap- pearcd thoroughly to enjoy the fun of this one of the broadest of the Byronic travesties 