PROCESSION OP THE ARCHBISHOP AND BISHOPS OF AUSTRALIA ON THE OCCASION OF THE SECOND PROVINOlAiijviljbTJNCIL. HELD AT ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL, MELBOURNE, APBIL, 1869.— bee paob 110. . . T^W OPENING OF THE SYNOD OF ; CATHOLIC BISHOPS. One of the most imposing -ceremonies in conneoijioji wf.-jh. the. Catholic 'Church 'that has over been witnessed i£ I^elbonrne, or prpbab]^ in any of the Australian colonies, topic place on 18tEult., in St. P.atriok'g Cathedral. The opening of the Provincial Counoil of the Aus; tralian Catholic Hierarchy was celebrated with muoh solemnity , and magnificence, of religions ceremonial. As it is generally about once in a generation that snoh an event takes plaoe,' peculiar interest attaohed to it,' and members of other roligioua denominations , as Well- as those of* the Catholic Church looked forward with pleasure, to being present at the proceedings. The present synod has been convoked ' by his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney, Primate of Australia, to whom alone it belongs to summon such assemblages in these colonies. The questions to be dealt with by the synod daring its session will embrace mixed marriages, education, church discipline, and similar matters appertaining to ecclesias tical government. The conn oil will consist of two sessions, the first of which was inaugurated on Sunday, and the second opening on the 22nd inst., with solemn requiem high: mass and office for the repose of the souls of the bishops and clergy who have died since the last synod was held. The council will sit privately in the Bishop's Palace, East Melbourne,, every day during the present week ; and will bring its deliberations to a close on Sunday next by a pnblio ceremonial similar to that which took plaoe on Sunday. Probably the result of the' conference will be a joint pastoral from the prelateB assembled to the clergy and laity of the Australian dioceses. Having thus explained briefly the nature of the assemblage and its peculiar functions, we prooeed to de scribe the ceremonies which were performed on Sunday by way of inauguration, and to im plore the Divine blessing on its deliberations. Admission to the cathedral was by ticket, the ohuroh being divided into three portions for the reception of' persons according to the price of the ticket procured. The entire nave con tain ed the ? first' seats, the eastern aisle the'seoond, and the western aisle the third. The ceremonies of the day were announced to commence at ten a.m., but from as early as eight o'clock the precinots of the ohuroh and its immediate vicinity was crowded by persons awaiting the opening of the doors. About half past nine o'clock admission was accorded, and the crush then experienced was something un- . pleasant to many. The benches immediately in -front of the' high altar and in' the vicinity of the pulpit were quickly oc cupied, and in less than half an hour sitting accommodation was quite .out of the question for those who came in, although as ample provision as was practicable had been made for seating the congregation. The mem bers of St. Francis Benefit Society, wearing the blue sash of the order, acted as stewards, and procured seats for ladies when it was pos sible to do so. A temporary platform rising in tiers had been erected at the south end of the cathedral' for the members of the choir, who numbered about sixty vocal and instrumental performers, inoluding a band, the whole being . under the able leadership of Mr G. R. G-. Pringle. Soon after;, ten o'clock the bishops and clergy having vested in the private chapel of the Bishop of Melbourne attaohed to the episcopal residence, a procession moved from the chapel referred to in the following order: — Tharifer with Thurible, cross-bearer supported by an acolyte on either side, about twenty youths in surplices and red cassocks, clergy from the various dioceses, seven suffragan bishops attired in cope and. mitre, and the Archbishop of Sydney, attended by his chaplains, and followed by two youths bearing his train. The procession having moved through the grounds attaohed to the bishop's residence, entered the cathedral by the prin cipal door, and. moved up the centre of the nave to within the ? chancel, where the bishops and olergy took up seats prepared for them.- Immediately on the proces sion entering the church, the choir burst forth its sacred music with an effect which was exceedingly fine. Each bishop had his own chaplain in attendance on him within the sanctuary. Grand pontifical high mass of the Holy Ghost was then commenced, the Archbishop of Sydney officia ting as celebrant, tho Rev. G. V. Barry as deacon, and the Rev. J. F. Gorbett as sub deacon. The Very Rev. Dr. Sheehy, of Sydney, aoted as assistant priest, Arbhdeaoon Rigney and Dean Moore as deacons at the throne, and the Bey. Messrs Corletti and O' Sullivan as masters of ceremonies. Mass having concluded, the procession reformed in the order as before, and passed down the nave of the church and round the exterior, singing the hymn ' Aye Moris stella,' and the Psalms, ' Exul tate . Deoj' ' Fundamenta ejus,' 'Qaam dilectn,' ' Eoce quam bonum,' 'Exundi . nos ,. Domine,' . ?«! Exurgat Djeus.^ Haying -returned to the chancel, and concluded the chanting of the! P/Balmi'l' the ~&rch-; bishop offered tip prayer'. After ihe aipg. .ing ?= of, Borno other ps'alma and typmu lini the : offering np ef farther prayers. £ho decrees' to be observed during tho jjynoj/ were read. All the bishop? then fepeejJng around the altar, recited aloud tho pr^fessjon of failli of Pius IV., and each prelate in his turn solemnly nworo to profess tpat faith till death, and as far as in him lay to preserve it inviolable amongst tboao over wbotnlao was placed in pastoral charge. Tho indibtipn or proclamation of tho second session jjf we' synod was then raado by the Archbi shop's secretary, and after Dr. Poldlng had im ported the benediction the oocToaiastica Jfljfjt'' ipQ church.' iri procession 'as' they £aot enterod it, and f ho prpcoocjings efoiBJl at ap'out ha{f-na$ one Q.?plock'. In $% fiyaning, npntjfipal yesperi ssis 'sung, all the bishops and olergy again assembling. The Very Rev. Dr. BackhauB, of Sandhurst, pre sided at the organ. At the conclu sion of vespers, the Bishop of Adelaido ascended the pulpit and preaohed a well -digested and eloquent sermon from St. John, 10th chapter, 16th verse, ' And other sheep I (have that are not of this fold ; these also I must gather together, and there shall be one fold and .ope shepherd.' The cathedral was as full in the evening as in the forenoon, the passages being completely blocked up with persons unable to obtain seats. Benediction oonoluded the services of the day, and the opening of the council was completed. 