THE POOR SCHOLAR. By William Caulkton. ( Continued. J It would bo utterly irapossiblo to detail "tho afiliotion which our poor scholar sufiorod in this wretched shod, for tho space of a fort night, notwithstanding' tho efforts of those kind-hearted .people to vendor his situation" comfortable. Tho littlo wigwam thoy had constructed near liim, was never, oven for a moment, during his wholo illness, without two or three porsons roady to attend him-. In the evoniug their numbers increasod ; a firo was always kept burning, over which a littlo pot for making whey or gruel was suspended. At night thoy amused "each otlierwith auecdotesand laughter, and occasionally with songs, when certain that their patient was not asleop. Thoir exertions to steal' milk for him were performed with uncommon glee, and related among themselves with groat humour. These thefts would havo boon unnecessary, had not the famine which then prevailed through" the provinco been so excessive. The crowds . that swarmed about the houses of wealthy farmers, supplicating a morsel to keep body and soul together, resembled nothing which our English readors over had an opportunity of seeing. Ragged, omnciatod creatures, totterod about with an expression of wildnoss and voracity in their gaunt features ; fathers and mothers reeled under the burthen of their beloved children, tho latter either sick, or litorally oxpiring for want of food ; and the widow, in many in stances, was compelled to lay down her head to die, with tho wail, the fceblo wail, of hor withered orphans mingling with her last moans ! Iu such a state of things it was difficult to procure a sufficient quantity of milk to allay tho unnatural thirst even of ono indi vidual, when parched by tho scorching heat of a fever. Notwithstanding this, his wants were for tho most part anticipated, so far as their moans would allow them ; his shed was kept waterproof ; and either shovol or pitch fork always ready to be extended to him, by way of substitution for the right baud of fellowship. Whon lie called for anything, tho usual observation was, "Husht! the crathur's callin' ; I must take tho shovol an' see what ho wants." 5 Thoro woro times, it is true, when tho mirth of tho poor fellows was very low, for hunger was generally among tliemsolvcs ; thero woro times when their own littlo shed prcsontcd a touching and melancholy spectacle — porhaps wo ought also to add, a noblo ono ; for, to contemplate a number of men, con sidered rude and semi-barbarous, dovoting thomselvcs, in the midst of privations tho most cutting and oppressive, to tho care aud preservation of a strange lad, merely becauso thoy knew him to be without friouds and protection, is to witness a display of virtue truly magnanimous. Tho food on which some of tho persons woro occasionally com pelled to live, was blood boiled up with a littlo oatmeal ; for whon a soason of famine occurs in Ireland, the peoplo usually bleed tho cows and bullocks to prcsorvo themselves from actual starvation. It is truly a sight of ap palling misery to bohold feeble women gliding .across tho country, carrying their cans and pitchers, actually trampling- upon fertility and fatness, and collooted in tho corner of some grazier's farm, waitiug, gaunt and ravenous as Gouls, for their portion of blood. During thoso molaneholy periods of want, every tiling in tho shape of an esculent disappears. The misorablo creatures will pick up chickonweed nettles, sorrell, bugloss, preshagh, and sea weed, which they will boil aud eat with the voracity of persons writhing uudor the united agonies of hunger and death ! Yot, singulai to say, tho vory country thus groaning undei such a terrible sweep of famine is actually pouring from all hor ports a profusion of food day after day; flinging- it from her fertile bosom with the wr.uicu excess of a prodiga oppressed by abundance. Despite, howovor, of all that tho pooi scholar's nurse-guard suffered, ho was attendee with a fidelity of caro-nnd sympathy whicl no calamity could shako. Nor was this care fruitless ; aftor tho l'ovcr had passed through its usual stages, ho began to recovor. In fact, it has been observed very truly that scarcely any person has been known to dio under cir cumstances similar to thoso of the poor scholar. These sheds, tho erection of which is not uufrequont in case of fover, havo tho advantage of pure freo air, by which tho patient is cooled and refreshed. Be the cause of it what it may, tho fact has been established, and we feel satisfaction iu being ablo to adduce our humble hero as an additional proof of the many recoveries which tako place in situations apparantly so unfavourable to human life. But how is it possible to detail what M'Evoy suffered during this fortnight of intense agony ? Not those who can command tho luxuries of lifo — not ihoso who can reach .its comforts — nor those who can supply them selves with its bare nocessaries — neither tho cotter who struggles to support his wifo and helpless children — tho mendicant who bogs from door to door — nor even tho felon in his cell — can iinagiuo what ho felt in the solitary misery of his fovorish bod, Hard is tho heart that cannot fed his sorrows, when stretched beside tho common way, without a human faco to look on, ho called upon tho mother, whoso brain, had sho knowu his situation, would havo been riven — wlioso allectionato heart would havo boon broken by the knowledge of his aflliction. It was a situation which after wards appoarod to him dark and terrible. The pencil of tho painter could not depict it, nor tho pen of tho poet describe it, except like a dim vision, which neither tho heart nor the imagination aro ablo to give to tho world as a talo steoped iu tho sympathies excited by reality. His wholo heart and soul, as ho afterwards acknowledged, wore, during his trying illness, at home. Tho voicos of his parents, of bis sisters, and of his brothers, were always in his ears ; their countenances surrounded his cold and lonely shed ; their hands touched him ; thoir eyes looked upon him in sorrow- — and their tears bedewed him. Even thoro, tho light of his mother's lovo, though sho herself was distant, shone upon his sorrowful conch ; and ho has doclared, that in no past moment of affection did his soul over burn with a senso of its presence so strongly as it did in tho lieart-droams of his sovcrest illness. But God is lovo, " and tomperoth the wind to the shorn lamb." Much of all his sufferings would havo been alloviatcd, were it not that his two best friends iu tho parish, Thndy and tho curate, had boon both prostrated by tho fovor at tho samo timo with himself. There was con sequently no person of respectability in tho neighbourhood cognisant of his situation. Ho was loft to tho humbler class of tho poasantry, and honourably did they, with all their errors and ignorances, discharge thoso duties which greater wealth and greater knowledge would, probably, havo left unperformed. On the morning of tho last day ho evor intendod to spend in the shed, at cloven o'clock, ho heard tho sounds of horsos' feet passing along tho road. Tho circuinstanco was ono quito familiar 'to him; but thoso horsoracn, whoover thoy might be, stopped, 'and imme diately after, two respcctablo looking men, dressed in black, approached him. His forlorn state and frightfully-wasted appoar- anco startled them, andtheyouugorofllie twe asked, in a tone of voico which went directly to his heart, how it was that thoy found liiir in a situation so desolate. Tho kind interest implied by the words and, probably, a sense of his utterly dostitutc state, affected him strongly, and ho burst into tears. Tho strangors looked at each other then at liim ; and if looks could express syrn pathy, theirs expressed it. " lily good boy," said tho first, " how is i that wo find you in a situation so deplorable and wretched as this ? Who are you, oi why is it that you havo not a friendly roof tx shelter you ?" "1'ru a poor scholar," roplied jemmy, "tin son of lionost but reduced parents ; I oamo fa this part of the country with tho intention o preparing myself for Maynooth, and, if i might plaso God, with tho hope of being abl to riso them out of their distress." The strangors looked moro earnestly at th boy ; sickness had touched his fine iutellectua featuros into a purity of expression almos otboreal. His fair skin appeared near transparent, and tho light of truth and candou lit up his couutenauco with a lustre yvhic aflliction could not dim. Tho other strangor approached him mor nearly, stopped for a moment, aud felt hi pulse. i " How long have you beon in this country ?" ho inquired. "Nearly threo years." "You havo been ill of tho fever which is so. prevalent ; but how did you como to bo left to tho chance of perishing upon the highway ?" " Why, sir, tho peoplo woro afeard to let mo into their houses in consequenco of the faver. I got ill in school, sir, but no boy would venture to bring mo homo, and tho master turnod me out, to die, I believe. May God forgive him !" . " Who was your master, my child ?" " The groat Mr. — : — , sir. If Mr. O'Brien, tho curate of tho parish, hadn't been ill him self at tho samo time, or if Mr. O'Rorke's son, Thady, hadn't beon laid on his back, too, sir, I wouldn't suffer what I did." " Has the curate beon kind to yon ?" " Sir, only for him and tho big boys I couldn't stay in the school, on account of tho master's cruelty, particularly sinco my money was out." " You are hotter now — aro you not said tho other gentleman.- "Thank God, sir! — oh, thanks bo to tho Almighty, I am. I expect to be ablo to lave this placo to-day or to-morrow." "And where do you intend to go whon you recover ?" Tho boy himself had not thought of this, and tho question came on him so unexpectedly, that ho could only reply — " Indoed, sir, I don't know." " Had you," inquired tho second stranger, "testimonials from your parish priest ?" t " I had, sir : thoy aro in tho hands of Mr. O'Brien. I also had a character from my fathor's landlord." i " But how," askod tho other, " havo you existed hero during your illnoss ? Have you \- boon long sick ? " "Indeed I can't toll you, sir, for I don'i \- know how tho tituo passed at all ; bntlknow, , sir, that thoro were always two or throe > pooplo attendiu' me. They sent mo whatovei thoy thought I wanted, upon a shovel or a pitchfork, across tho ditch, because thoy wore afraid .to como near mo." During tho early part of tho dialogue, twe i or threo old hats, or caubeons, might have been scon moving steadily over from tho wigwam to tho ditch, which ran besido tho shed occupied by M'Evoy. Hero they re mained stationary, for thoso who woro them wcro now within hearing of tho conversation, and roady to give their convalescent patient a good word, if nocessary. " How were yon supplied with drink and medicine ? " asked the younger of tho two. " As I've just told you, sir," replied Jemmy ; " the neighbours here let mo want for nothing that they had. They kept me in moro whey than I could use ; and they got me medicine, too, some way or other. But indeed, sir, dur ing a great, part of tho timo I was- ill, I can't say how they attended mo ; I wasn't sonsiblo, sir, of what was goin' on about me." One of thoso who lay behind the ditch now arose, and after a fow horns aud scratchings of tho head, ventured to join in tho conversa tion. . " Pray have you, my man," said the elder of the two, " been acquainted with the circum stances of this boy's illness ?" " Is it tho poor scholar, my lord ? Oh thin bodad it's myself that has that. Tho poor crathur was in a terrible way all out, so ho was. He caught tho faver in the school beyant, ono day, an' was turned out by tho nager o' tho world that ho was larnin' from." " Aro you one of tho persons who attended him ! " " Och, och, tho crathur ! what could unsig- nified peoplo like us do for liim, barr.-n' a thriflo ? Any how, my lord, it's the meracle o' the world that ho was over ablo to ever it at all. Why, sir, good luck to tho ono of him but suffered as much, wid the help o' God, as 'ud overcome fifty men ! " " How did you provido him with drink at such a distance from any human habitation i ' " Throth, hard enough wo found it, sir, to do that same ; but sure, wbcthor or not, my lord, wo couldn't be sich nagcrs as to let him dio all out, for want o' somothin' to moiston his throath wid." " I hope," inquired tho other, " yon had nothing to do in tho milk-stoaling wliioh has produced such an outcry iu this immodiato neighbourhood ? " "Milk-stalin"! Oh, bedad, sir, thoro novor was tho lilcos known' aforo in tho counthry. The Lord forgive them that did it I Bo gorra, sir, tho wickedness o' tho people's mighty im proving if one ud' tako warniu' by it, glory bo to God ! " "Many of the farmers' cows havo beon milked at night, Connor — perfectly drained. Even rny own cows have not escapod ; and wo who havo suffered aro determined, if possible, to ascertain thoso who - havo committed tho thoft. I, for my part, havo gono even beyond my ability in relieving tho wants of tho poor, during this period of sickness and famiuo ; I therefore dosorved this the less." " By the powdhors, your honour, if any gin- tleman desarvod to havo his cows unmilked, it's yoursolf. But, as I said this minute, there's no end to the wickedness o' tho people, so thero's not, although tho Catocliiz is againsl thoin ; for, says it, ' there is but ono Faith, one Church, an' ono Baptism.' Now, sir, isn't ii quaro that people, wid such words in tho book afoi-e thorn, wont bo guided by it ? I suppose they thought it only a while sin, sir, to take i tho milk, the thieves o' tho world." "Maybe, you honour," said another, "thai i it was only to keep tho life in somo poor sick r crathur that wanted it moro nor you or the i farmers, that they did it. Thoro's.somo o' the same farmers desarvo worse, for they're keep in' up tho prices o' their male an' praties upor j tho poor, an' did so that they inigb i make monoy by our outhor distitution." "That is no justification for theft," obsorvee ! the graver of tho two. "Does any on< among you suspect thoso who committed it ii t this instanco ? If you do, I command you, a: 3 your bishop, to mention them." r " How, for instanco," added tho other, " were 3 you ablo to supply this sick boy with who; during- his illness ?" "Oh, thin, gintlemon," ropliod Connor, dexterously parring tho question, " but it's a mighty iinpi-ovin' thing to see our own bishop — God sparo his lordship to us ! — an' the Protestant minister o' tho parish joiniu' togethor to reliovo an' give good advice to tho poor ! Bodad, it's settin' a fino example, so it is? to the quality, if they'd tako pattern by it." "Reply," said tho bishop, 'rather stornly, " to tho questions wo have asked you." " Tho questions, your lordship ? It's proud an' happy we'd bo to do what you want ; but tho sarra man among us can do it, barriu' wo'd say what wo ought not to say. That's the truth, ray lord ; an' surely 'tisn't your gracious i-evereuco that 'ud want us to go boyaut that ?" " Certainly not, replied the bishop. I warn you against both falsehood and fraud ; two chargos which might frequently bo brought against you in your intercourse with tho genti-y of tho counti-y, whom you seldom scruple to decoivo and misload, by gliding into a character, whon speaking to thorn, that is often tho roverso of your real one ; whilst, at tho samo timo, you aro both honest and sincere to persons of your own class. Put away this practice, for it is both sinful and discreditable." "God bless your lordship! an' many thanks to your gracious x-evoreuce for advisin' us ! Well we know that it's tho blessed thing to folly your words." " Bring over that naked starvcd-looking man, who is stirring tho fire under that pot," said tho rector." "Ho looks lileo fainino itself.'1 " Paddy Dunn ! will yon como ovor hero to his honour, Paddy ! He's goin' to give you somethin'," said Connor, adding of his own accord tho last clauso cjf-tlio message. Tho tattered creatu'ri/ approached him with a gleam of oxpeetatioik in his eyes that ap peared like insanity. j " God bless--your honour for your goodness !" exclaimed Paddy. " It's mo that 's in it, sir ! — Paddy Dunn, -sir,. sure onough ; but, indeed, I'm tho next thing to my own ghost, sir, now, God help me !" " What, and for whom, aro you cooking ?" " Jist tho smallest dhrop in lifo, sir, o' gruel, to koep tho sowl in that lonoly crathur, sir, tho poor scholar." " Pray, how long is it sinco you havo eaten anything yoursolf?" Tho tears burst from tho eyes of tho miserable creature as ho x-opliod — ; "Before God in glory, your honour, an' in , tho prosenco of liis lordship hero, I only got i about what 'ud mako betther nor half a male widin tho lust day, sir. 'Twas a wceshy l grain o' male that I got from a ft-iond ; an' i as Ned Connor hero tould mo that this crathur had notion' to mako tho gruol for him. why I > shared it wid him, bokase ho couldn't ovon \ . The peasantry always address n Roman Catholic 13ishop as " My Lord." beg it, sir, if ho wanted it, an' him not ablo to walk yit." Tho worthy pastor's eyes glistened with a moisture that did him honour. Without a word of observation ho slipped a crown into tho hand of Dunn, who looked at it as if ho had been paralysed. " Oh, thin," said ho, fervently, " may every hair on your honour's head become a mould- candle to light you into glory ! Tho world's goodness is in your heart, sir ; and may all tho blessin's of Heaven rain down upon you au' yours !" Tho two gentleman then gave assistance to tho poor scholar, whom tho bishop addressed in kind and encouraging languago : — " Come to mo, my good boy," ho added, " and if, on further enquiry, I find that your conduct has been sucli as I believe it to have been, you may rest assured, provided also you continue worthy of my good opinion, that I shall be a friend and a protector to you. Call on me when you get well, and I will speak to you at greater length." " Well," observed Connoi-, whon thoy woro gono, " the divil's own hard puzzle tho bishop had mo in about stalin' tho milk. It wint agin tho grain wid mo to toll him the lie, so I had to invint a bit o' truth to keep my con science clear ; for snro thero was not a man among us that coidd toll him, barriu' wo said what wo oughtn't to say. Doosn't all tho world know that a man oughtn't to condhu himself 1 That' was thrulh, any way ; but divil a scruplo I'd havo in bammin' tho other — not but that he's ono o' tho best of his sort. Paddy Dunn, quit lookin' at that crown, but get tho shovel an' givo the boy his dhrink — he's wantin' it." The agitation of spirits produced by Jemmy's cheering interview with tho bishop was, for two or threo days afterwards, somewhat prejudicial to his convalescence. In loss than a week, however, he was comfortably settled with Mr. O'Rorke's family, whoso kindness proved to him quito as warm as ho liad ex pected. Whon he had remained with them a few days, ho rosolvod to recomtnonco his studies -under his tyrant mastor. Ho certainly knew that his future attendance at tho school would bo penal to him, but lie had always looked forward to tho accomplishment of his hopes as a task of difficulty and distross. The severity to be expected from tho mastor could not, he thought, bo greater than that which he had already suffered ; ho, therefore, decided, il possible, to comploto his education under him. The school, when Jommy appeared in it, had beon for moro than an hoar assembled, but the thinness of tho attendance not only provod the woful prevalence of sickuoss aud distress in tho parish, but sharpened the pedagogue's vinegar aspect into an expression of countenance singularly peevish and gloomy Whon tho lad onterod, a murmur of pleasure and welcome ran through tho scholars, and joy beamed forth from every countenance bul that of his teacher. When tho latter noticed this, his irritability rose abovo restraint, and ho exclaimed — " Silouco ! and apply to business, or I sbal causo somo of you to denude immcdiataly. Nc school evor can prosper in which that hirudo called a poor scholar, is permitted toleration I thought, sarrah, I told you to nidifieato and hatch your wild project undhor somo othei wing than mino." " I only entrato you," replied our poor hero "to sull'or ino to join tho class I left wbilo . was sick, for about anotbor year. I'll bo vorj quiet and humble, and, as far as I can, will dc everything you wish me." " Ah ! you are a crawling reptile," repliet tho savage, "and, iu my opinion, nothing bu a cliato and impostor. I think you have im posed yourself upon Mr. O'Brion for what yoi are not ; that is, tho son of an honest man. havo no doubt but many of your nearest rola tions died after having seen thoir own funerals Your mother, you runngato, wasn't you father's wife; I'll be bail." ( To he continued J 