TO T3 s1 ITOII.OP THE KIAMA INDEPENDENET. Sin-lly letter of the Gth instant, written for the puri0osn of '?lillig. attention to, and thurubytprovuathng, if poslsible, an outlay of public lntouy for needless works, was intended o bue applicable in regard to stones cousollda. ting, on loose unonllned sand, ol?ly. But it is evidenlt from Ai'. John Tiylor's' lot. tor tIh reply to me tlht' ho is desirous of estah lishllg hliself as an undisputed authority on road.making. in ,gonueal, The systum, as stated by hli to13 haveo bon adopted byAInon. (min is unquestlnaobly corritot udcor some oiroomstnceos; 'lut Mr,'Taylor should also boar in mlind that, to ensure consollt datlo in thqso igstnncos artfleinl moanll were used, whton nl3ttiril fabilitius were not sultablo for ::idp prdtoCetblo to prevent th1e escape of sand tlhrough the0 nation of wind and wato'; or pressure by weight. , .Thoso unecessary re~ quirnomonts are by no means0 available.on thle road in questionu wiithout .ai enormious outlay, quite 3c3lnon0iei0Ur?ite w?tit the1 reoqui'or3mlts of the case, The l aod road Ik ontirely co0n. pnsoed of, sand,. and only 0 about twenty foot widoe, with pr eondicular, sldu..drains nearly three foot in depthll o onoli side. It Is nloe subl3jedt io' floods, Mr, Tlvior's reforonco to pvluers: and tliolr' system froii thie Romans d1ownivards! ist deoldedly out of place, pave; montheing only single o layors of flags or round ::tones0;, consequo1tlyy(to 0use hIl owVn words), " tlicro en( beo no hflilty to oon00olidntlob," It is unfuitinate that his pragmautiofl'usilo did not nppobar oi weeok enrlier, to have onligh. tuneud the Shillharbour orpororlon, and thdroby ,have ire'vented al. extra outlny for the 'clay bottom, which I so5 from your vop'irt Is' to bl placed tipon the antid for the purposa reolving thuballast, UntldrstandingI that Mr. Joln 'Ilaylor, Is ongliruohrin.chiof to tlhoKtlma0 municipality, I will, Sir, wivtlh your' perins3alon, and duo defdronoo tb that gontlo. 30nn' hs 0hlior0r"0abilittos' Just :tintim thnt, althongh my case' may hle one of" milstlken identity ' it is still amore cortain (onhappllly for the Inturest.of the Koama ratopayers) that tlitu aphi't of ?hlnoadnl, or any other gunies, hasi n0vor yet hd1n a1pparont3 in any of the at. tb0mptiedor 0fiis3hud works; In' their nmlnloipa. lity,--L.rornin, Sir,'yours, as herotofore, . : 'I'tl GCHOST OF IAOADAM., .,,bShollhnI0bor, May 22, 