IM ii*' 1 . ???1 ''' THE C ARM ELITE ? N UN AT CRACOW. I Tho 'Univors' of the 5th instant- gives sorno information roooived by it .from a corre spondent who, when an inhabitant of Cracow, had been acquainted with- the unfortunate nun whoso case bus boon turned -to. such bad nc ? -p ni. TV count hy Mio 'enemies or uunsnuui^. appears that she belongs 'to, an liononrablo family, and had recei vedvi(a exeol I en t educa tion. ' Under the impression tbat sho was called to a religious lil'o. sho first intended to outer tho Convent of the Visitation. After several trials, howevor, sho was thought to bo mistaken as to her vocation. Her piety was fervent, tiiid, in many respects, she showod great tnorit ; but sho was so excessively scrupulous that tlie Sistors feared she would loso her souses.' At a later date she offered herself to the Car.nolites, and, by this time, her attacks of scruples had probably become less froquent or more under control, for she was received into their convent. Her montial infirmities, however, -eventually roturned, and grow worse and worso,- until scrupulosity ended in absolute madness. There was ^ no othor cause whatever for her becoming deranged, and there is not a syllable of' truth in tlitf filth j stories invented 911 this occasion by liberal journalists, who are incapablo oven of respecting the ehasto reputation of a poor mad nun. When a daughter unhappily loses her sonses, her family is filled with a natural repugnance to sond hor away from homo to a madhouse. Tbo good Carmelite Sistors of Cracow obeyed tho , human feoling, and under the just and kind idea that their in rfano sister would fare better in their hunds than under the care of a mad doctor, they kept her in tho convent. It was. a heavy cross to them, but Carmelites only live to carry tho cross. Had they, on tho other hand, sont her away from them, thoy. would inevitably havo been accused of want ol sisterly charity. It is assorted that she was ill-treated, and the nuns aro accnsod of end less atrocity towards her. But is thore any foundation for these most unlikely stories? What man of sonso will believe them on tho strength of newspaper paragraphs, picked up 110 ono knows where ? These writers first stated that the poor mad woman had lived twenty- one \\-ears in a hole so small and so filthy' that a strong man would not 'have existed twenty-0110 daya in it. They have since been compelled to acknowledge that the ' filthy holo' is, in fact, a cloan and well aired room, and, in a word, so unobjectionable a chamber, that the anthoritios allowed her to remain in it during the thirty-six hours which elapsed between thoir first visit and her removal. The satno journalists have also admitted that a close examination of the poor nun's body has no traces of tho torture sho was at first said to havo suffered for twenty one years. But theso odious calumnies wero invented for the purposo of exciting the people to a riot, and, hy the li6lp of the Polish Jews, they' wero snccossful. The Austrian Government is indebted to these worthies for having supplied the longex pected pretext for attacking the religious bodies. It has boon immediately laid hold of-; and on tho 29th of July, Dr. Giskra, the Ministor of the Interior, wroto to the chief of tho Administration of Lemborg, to on qui re whether any motive could bo suggested for delaying the withdrawal of the yearly allow ance of 1800 florins which had previously been granted for tho convent, and also whether either tho Bishop of Cracow (Mgr. Galecbi) or tho administrator thought it desirable that tho existence of tho convent itself should bo prolonged. Tho reason given in this letter 13 simply tho excitement caused by tho Carmo lite affair, together with the ' revolting facts' of the case : — and this, without any enquiry iuto the truth of the story, and with, out any opportunity of dofenco being allowed to tho sisters. It appears to tho ' Univers,' in conclusion, that thero is not tho shadow of a proof against the Carmelite Sisters of Cracow, and that they have beon made the victims of an abominable combination, with I tho complicity, if not under tho direct inspi ration, of tho Austrian Ministry. Bkitisu asd Yankee Crews. — The Sydney correspondent of tho ' Wagga Wngga Adver tisor' ia responsible for tho following : — There have been somo fights between men of the ] Kearsargo and sailors belonging to the ships in tho harbour. Soon aftor tho Amoricnii ship eamo into port thero was a grand scrim mage on the Circular Quay. Tho facts nro as follows : — A large boat containing six and a coxswain was pulling in to the Circular Quay from tho Koareargo, and on the way they swept past a boat from H.M.S. Rosario, man ned by two men and a coxswain. Tho coxswain of 'tho Koarsarge boat began to jeer tho Rosarios at thoy passed tho latter craft. ' Come on, you lubbers,' roared this gallant Yankee ? ' this is the way wo lick tho Bri tishers! We can whip 'em at pulling, and wo can whip 'om at fighting — by snakes!' Tho Rosarios couldn't stand this cliaff. They gavo way and ran thoir boat into that of the Kearsargo, and tho coxswain gavejthe boastful Amoriean a gentle tap over tho scull with his boathook : having dono which the Rosarios pulled ashore and landed. Loud and strange wero tho cursos of tho seven Yankoo sailors', who implored the English tars to ' only wait till wo got nslioro ! We'll tear yonr liver out —we'll sond you into hospital — we'll smash you into small pieces,' &c; , -fcc. Tho three Rosarios waited for tho infuriated sovon. When tho latter landed, tho crowd assembled to see fair play, and offorod to fight tho Yankees threo to soven at a timo. They did it, and in about three minutes hammered the bounce out, of the lot, Tho othor night a mob of these sailors began singing 'The star-spangled banner' in the streets. A group' of merchant soamen at onoe struck 'up 'The fight between tho Chesapoako and Shannon.' A sorimmago ensued, nnd after somo hard blows, was stopped by the' police. A Yankee sailor a night or two ngo began to express his contempt for Queen Victoria, and hatred of Britishers. Ho vowed that he was a Fenian, and made other equally objection ablo romarks. A young fellow who was passing by Stopped his jaw by knocking him down. - A set-to was tho result, and in about five minntos the would-bo Fenian had soveral seta of illumination lighted up itvhis eyos, nnd such a fooling of uncertainty imparted to his 'knowledgo box,' that -he. didn't, know' what ship ho belonged to. They aro a nico lot, Tho following is from an article in the Pall Mall Gazette, under the title of the Literary Body-snatchor, commenting rather severely on tho 'smart writing' of a certain section of the London press ' The report of the i n rmii* v\ito the death of the wrotohed family poisoned-- in Stnitliiielcl a few days sinco ib i most dismal reading. Nothing that we^haye road for many a day is more . touching in itsolf, \ or moro suggestive oftho bittoy affliction 1111- | der which thousands of our fol low- creating aro doomed to labour for ovor, than is tho letter of tho murderer printed in the news papers of this morning. No matter whethor he was right or wrong in attributing ta an other tho causo of his misery and provocation ofhis crimes — sottingthat question altogether aside — it is a very miserable, a very shocking lettor, and one that will do 119 good to reflect npon. But its significance is not likely to be increased by treatment in sensational news papers, for which it as alroady served as a welcome text. The result .of .that sort of treatment is, indeed, only to make, ono, sorry and ashamed a second time. Such revelations as this ' Smith'field tragedy', are, shocking ; but they are scarcely less shocking than the way in which they are immediately seized upon by sentimental liners as a means of earn ing an honest crust. To theso gentlemen a colliery explosion, a shipwreck, a death from starvation, a Smithfiold tragedy, is. ' a chanco for nn article ;' and there are certain professors of the art ,'of- loader- writing who train them selves to woop and rave over such disasters as a regular line of 'business. It is their way of earning a living—just as ..robbing graves was once a means of existence with an equally honourable order of men. The modern re surrectionists, tljg body-snatchers of our own refined timos, are not permitted to soizo and sell the dead — and, perhaps, would not like to do so ; but they havo no ho3itation about making 'subjects' of the drowned, starved, and murdered, in another sonso. Thoy crj over the ' body, and soil they* tears., They indite sobbing paragraphs, wrought to the proper hysterical pitch by somo appropriate stimulant, and go daily with tho goods to . any editor who will pay thorn for the job. When no dead body 'offers' fair occasion for work, these gentlemen will weep over the poor man's marigold in the poor man's gar don pot ; or wail ovor a consumptive prosti tute ; fall to any subject, in short, which will tfirn 011 the tap of thoir tears, or make occasion for tho use of pathetic indignation, tho fountain of which is. hot, with sugar. To our own minds no profession can be more, odious or 'contemptible than that of tho liter ary resurrection-man. The beggar who foams at tho mouth with soap when he simulates a fit is not more of nn impostor; and the half pence he wriggles out of people's pockets .as ho wallow's 011 the ground aro not moro dis grncefully earned than the wages of this sort of sensational writing ' The Anglo-Australian in the 'European Mail' says The expression of dissatisfaction that reaches us from Australia, in respect to tho charge in the estimates for the presents made by the Duke of Edinburgh to tho colonists is re-echoed hero. Considering the much larger proportion the value of tho gifts to his' Royal Highness bore to that of those I10 distributed, it would seem that his notion of gratitude somewhat agrees with the definition given of it by La Rochefoucauld— ' A lively antici pation of favours to come.' The English press has with one voico endorsed the view of tho colonists in the matter, and regards the affair as a monstrous violation, of good taste and hospitality by whomsoever tfio real blame may be borne. Tho subject was made , a topic of discussion in the House of Commons, but of course tho Government had a cutand dry explanation at hand. They assorted that the Prince's tour in Australia was of an official character, and shuffled out of tho dilemma as well as they could. Tho public is not at all satisfiod with tho explanation. It is also ex ceedingly chagrined that the Prince did not eagerly embrnco tho opportunity of the solieled interview with tho New Zealand chiefs, and so help as far as he could to bring about a better feeling among the natives. It takes so littlo to make ' an amiable prince,' that it ia surely worth whilo to earn the character. j ' As Troonk as Pjos.'— The ' Manning River r News ' : rolate3 tho following amusing circumstances : — A correspondent writes that a few days ago, having, a quantity of honey- . beer on hand which was becoming rather tart, he emptied it into a pig-trough. The inhabitants of the sty, boguilod as many a two-legged animal has boon, by tho pleasant flavour of tho boverage, partook of it freely, and soon a spocfaclo was presented which could not excelled in any taproom of the district. Tho pigs becamo ' gloriously drunk,' and placed the fact beyond all controvosy by exhibiting the usual concomitants of inebriety in all their various fashions. Some were jolly, and if they did not laugh and sing, they came as near to it as pigs ever do under suoh circumstances. With others tho drunkenness was of tho pugnacious sort, and they bunged up each other's eyes aftor the most approved fashion. Ono poor old sow,- who made the most of; tho present opportunity, lost her balance completely, und actually reeled over and wont to sleep whilst a fierce battle was boing fought over hor fallen form. The. owner was astonishod at all this — he had never heard of a' drunken pig before — but if ho had ever beon present at a wine ci'uslnng, and had witnossod, as we hare often done, the drunlconoss of pigs which are fed upon fermented, grapes aftor as much of the juico as possible has been extracted, his surprise would have been greatly moderated. , A Masonic Lodge for Women.— The movo inqnt for woman's rights has Bpvoad to Italy. Not long- since n young and boautiful woman appeared before the Roman Senate, and an nounced herself to bo the last descondent of the ICmporors of tho East, living unknown with hor fatlior in the valley in Piodmont; and: producing documents, she demanded an in-, vestigation of hor pretensions. Tho Sonate, complied with her request, nad finally rocog nisod bor as the Princess Lascaris-Paloologus, ordering hor name tolie thus inoribed in the Book of Gold ' at tho capitol. Tho Princess siiiipequontly wont to Floronco, whero she ims now taken a boldor step and fouudod a, masonic lodgo for women. In 756;libel suits now pending against American editors, tho aggregate, damages to' character are estimated at 47,500,000 dols. A Nuptial Bath.— Tho ' Froinbenblaco| of Vienna publishes the following as a warning to young husbands : — ' How often does, .the ploasure so keenly dosired, so long wished for, turn out to bo illusory whon it is realised ? Few in this world but have experienced how true is the reflection ! and quite recently 'a now married oouplo.in Vienna have received tho first and not very agreeable experience of tho truth. Scarcoly had thoy left the church when the happy pair departed in a carriage to onjoy thoir 'moon and houuy for two,' in that delicious country between Praguo ami Dresden, justly called tho Switzerland of Saxony. Arrived at Schatidau, whoro thoy purposed making, thoir first halt, thoy loarned to thoir dismay that a morning excursion train had flooded the placo with visitors, and that ovory room was occupied in ovory inch of tho placo. Thoy had therefore the ploasing prospect of passing tho wedding night in tho fields, wheu a benevolent hotel-keeper, pity ing their blank looks of dismay, conceived a bright idoa ..of .'putting a mattress in tlio only bath the, inn Dossesscd. nnd thus turninsr the bathroom into a temporary 'nuptial: chamber. As a poet would say, Mbrplious had Already closed every eyelid in thp hotel, when, at tho witching hour of midnight, when ghosts delight- to take their diversion abroad, cries of distress were hoard issuing from the bath room. ' What can be- the matter ?' said the other guosts.' ' Good heavens, what tragedy, is being enacted ?' Lights flow from window to window, one old lady: — there is always' some norvousjtfomalo of the kind in . ,0 very dwelling-house— scroamed 'fire,'! and still moro dreadful .things, at the top of her voice, - while throe blooming damsels, who acted as chamber-maids, rushed : ill very scanty attire to tho mysterious chamber. What was the matter? Well, this:— The young brido, wishing to ring the bell for a maid,- had caught, hold of what sho supposed to be the boll-rope, and pulled it smartly. Unhappily for her and hor spouse, it was the cord of the shower bath above their heads, and forthwith down plumped such a deluge of, cold water as, would throw a damper upon the most devoted of honeymooning couples. Her husband in his dismay caught frantically at another cord on his side of their extemporised couch, but tho only response was au equally liberal deluge of water, this time nearlyrboiling hot. Th'ej unhappy pair then, screatped in unison ; and, tho bride, in the excitement of tho. moment, uttered sentiments anything but. complimentary to. her fond spouse. - When the servants came,' they were just in time to rescue the unlucky pair . from drowning, tor the room was already half- full of water, and tho wife was perched liko a monkey on her .husband's back : uttering lamentable crie3, while hor good man was fumbling in the dark trying £-- fiud tho door. , Let us hope that the subsequent wedded' life of this unfortunate couple may be happier than its commencement. ' Don't Let it Ha'pfen Again.' — A learned professor iu a London college was accustomed to demand of students an excuso whenever they were dilatory at recitation. To the excuse given lie invariably added, 'Very well, but don't let it happen again.' Oup morning a married student, happening to be behind time, was interrogated as to tho causo. Slightly ombarrassod, ho replied, ' The truth is, sir, I had an addition to my.fumily this morning, and it was not convenient to bo bore soonor.' 'Very well,' leplied tho profeBsoi\ in his quick, nervous manner, ' very well, but don't lot it happen again !' M. Doitay — An English journal contains the fol l»iwins», which will tie of interest to many in Aus tralia who, like iiiii-s.-Ivi-s, remember the wonderful performances of thin unhappy artist : — Last week (writeB the Puiisi correRpondent'ot tlio Court Jour nal) the Empress pa!d a visit to the Aisle St Anne, ami while , making the tour of the .asylum her Majesty became transfixod by the flood --f harmony ; which seemed to einanute from oue of the private upiutmei.tB. It was from tho violoncello of nur po -r D ? , whom you remember Boarcely half a I dozen years ago as tbo great musical lion of Lon don and Paris, prnelaimeil a* tho greatest pheno menon of the ape, the favourite of the queens, the protege of em uernrs! Hero, then, does ho hide., his poor distracted head; anil here is he wearing out tho' s.ul remainder of his 'daya I Her Majesty, !j who 'had heard much of his wondrous talent,' -)e-!j manded permission to hear hitn p'ay. The director of tho establishment willio»ly consented, ns for some. little time past the musician had been tran quil enough. Ho. was accordingly , ushered into the august prqsenco, and to outward seeming betrayed no symptoms of insanity. The high rank of the visitor was of course kept concealed, and nothing appeared moro natural than thut a lady, a great lover of music, having heard his violoncello while walking In the gnrden, should wish to hear the performer execute some of those pieces which had once created such a sensation. I He without hesitation consented, and began to play one of his most renowned composi tions. Tlio passionate sounds— more powerful evon than in his days of popularity— aeem'eil to stir the listeners to tho utmost depths of the bouI. In a few moments the Empress was moved to tears, nnd the whole assembly was overcome with emotion. ' Whoever would think this man a lunatic?' whispered her Majesty in the ear of the director, who placed his fingers on his lips to enjoin: silence,' for at that very moment .the musician laying aside his instrument, proceeded tp take off his boot, and having flung 'it out. of 'ih«- open window, proceeded with his performance with even more- tasto and feeling than before. The director, nil the : while motioned ' to the assembly to koop quiet ; and. not to move. Pre sently another pause, nnd the other boot followed in the same direction. This; time the renewal of tho music was so touching that it had booome painful. A third pause ensued, and as the performer proceedod to unbutton his waistcoat, tlie director, who know from experience what tho suc ceeding pauses were sure to end in, quietly opened the door, bidding the illustrious visitor, and her suite to follow him . out, without noise or excite ment. Well was it for. the imperial purty that, this was accomplished, for the violoncello was heard for some timo longer with intervening pauses, and then loud shrieks and blasphomous curses succeeded to tho music, and these were followed by the most heartrending expressions of despair 1 In this consists tho insanity of tho pntlent. This pcouliar form of the disease attacked him while in Australia, whithor he had gone with two other musioians for tho purposo of giving concerts. He was seized suddenly, without previous warning, ?with a fit of madness whilo playing with hie com panions ono of Mozart's trios, and, to tlieuttercon-l sternation of the audionce, begnn to divest himself of his boots, which ho flung into the pit, nor oeased until he hod divested himself of every artielo of clothing. Never since that day was ho ablo to play with any attention/or before any group of listen ers, without being' soized with tho same iusane de«ire. 1 Every medical man in Europe has boen consulted -upon this singular manifestation of dis ordered bruin, but'no' euro has beeu found, and poor D ? in the very prime of lite and zenith ofhis j talent, lingnrson a wretolusd lunatic in a charitable'! asylum. ' ' I 