READINGS IN ROMANISM. No. 5. " But refuse profane and old wives' fables." Sr. Paul. . BY J. S. St. Paul, in his second letter to the Co rinthians, says : — "For we walk by faith and not by sight." This was true of him self, and it is true of every really spiritu ally minded man ; but it is not in accord ance with the experience and practice of men in general. There is a craving in human nature, especially in matters of religion for " sight," — for something pal pable to the senses, something which nei ther requiresthe presence or the exercise rvf -fcTiA ViifyViAi Bfiwors nP -fTm rriinrl n.nrl anything which meet this requirement is sure to take with the many. "Whatever 'we may think of the origin or tendency of the ceremonies of the Church of Rome, we arc compelled to admit that a great deal of " worldly wisdom " has been dis played in their selection, for they chime in xnost admirably, with the cravings of human nature; they appeal to, and in some measure, excite and gratify the ig norant, the sensual, the stupid, and the unthinking, who like their prototypes, at Ephesus, never look below the surface, but atithe bidding of the craftsmen, roar out with might and main, " Great is Diana of tho Epliesians, whom all Asia and the world worshippeth." Whatever may be the worth of many of these cere monies in a religious point of view, no doubt they have a commercial value, and i 110 doubt, this consideration had its influ ence in their selection at first, and in their perpetuation to this day ; for if they are not profitable to godliness, they are con ducive to wealth : an argument which has ; always had its due weight at Rome. We purpose toj'give in our readings to-- i day a few selections from the Baptismal service of the Romish Church, as found in .The Golden Manual, published with the approval of Cardinal Wiseman. Our readers can compare the ceremony with what is said (of tho various baptisms per formed by the Apostles) in the New Tes tament, and can form their own opinions, as whether tlie loud and perpetual claim of this Church to-be regarded as apostolical, — as alone apostolical, has any foundation,, or whether the whole mass of evidence does not lead to an opposite conclusion. Nothing is said in the New Testament about " blessed salt," — (blessed) " spittle,' ' — " sign of the cross," — " lighted ctuidles," or the " exorcism," as directed to he per formed in these ceremonies,— for there is not the most distant resemblance between this " creature- of salt " from which the " accursed one" is professedly driven, and the person, or infant from whom the " un clean spirit " is expelled, and over whom the " accursed devil is commanded to acknoiu- ledge Ms sentence, and the demoniacs of the Evangelists. None whatever. Where then did Rome obtain theso cere monies? Where did she obtain her. lighted candles, her images, her arguments for image worship, her incense, her altars, &c;?. Where? hut from Paganism. See Homilies of the Church of England, third part of Sermon against the Peril of Idolatry. I will say nothing at present about the pro- 1 fanity of mixing up the most sacred names and things in ceremonies which, to say the least of them, are supremely ridicu lous, but ask the reader to judge for liim sclf. Then the Priest blesses the salt, which, after it has been Once blessed, may serve for the same purpose on other occasions. The Benediction of the Salt. I exorcise tlicc, crcaturo of salt, in the name of God tho Father f almighty, and in tho charity of our Lord Jesus f Christ, and in the power of tho Holy f Ghost. I exorcise thee by the living God t, by the true God f, by tho Holy God f, by God f who hath created tlieo for tho preservation of mankind, and hath appointed tlicc to be consc- . crated by his servnnts for tho people coming unto tho faith, that, in the namo of the holy trinity, thou mayest be made a snlutiu-y sacrament to drive away tho onemy. Wherefore, wo beseech thee, O Lord our God, that sanctifying f thou mayost sanctify this creature of salt, and blessing + thou mayest bless it, that it may become unto nil who re ceive it a perfect medicine, abiding in their hearts, in the nameof the same our Lord Jesus Christ, who shall como to judgo tlio living and tho dead, and tho world by fire. R. Amen. Then he .puts a small quantity of the blessed salt into the mouth of tlie person to be baptized, saying-. N., receive the salt of wisdom ; let it be to thee a propitiation unto life everlasting. R. Amen. Priest. Pcaco bo with tlice. R. Avid with thy spirit. Let us pray. 0 God of our fathers, O God, tlio Author of all truth, wo humbly beseech tlieo, graciously vouch safe to look upon this thy servant, N., and tasting this first nutrimont of salt, suffer him no longor to hunger for want of boing filled with heavenly meat, so that he may bo ul ways fervent in spirit, rejoicing in hope, always serving, thy Name. Bring him, 0 Lord, we beseech thee, to the lnvor of tlio new regeneration, that, with thy faithful,' he may deserve to attain unto tlie everlasting re wards of thy promises. Through Christ our Lord. R. Amcu. 1 exorcise tlice, unclean spirit, in tho name of the Father f, and of tho Son +, and of tho Holy + Ghost, that thou go out and depart from this ser vant of God, N. For He commands thoe, accursed one, who walked 011 foot upon the sea, and stretch ed out his right hand to Peter when sinking. Therefore, accursed devil, acknowledge thy sentence, and givo honour to tlio living and true God j give honour to Jesus Christ his Son, and to the Holy Ghost ; and depart from- this servant of God N., because God and our Lord Jesus Christ hatli vouchsafed to call him to his holy grace -and benediction, and to the font of baptism. Here he makes the sign of the Cross, with his thumb on the forehead of the person to be baptised, saying: And this sign of tho holy cross + which wc make upon his forehead, do thou, accursed devil, novcr: dure to violate. 'Through the samo Christ our Lord. . R. Auien. And then, before he reaches the Baptistery, ho sgys , I exorcise tlicc, every unclean spirit, in tho namo of God tho Father f almighty, and' in tho namo of Jesus Christ his son f, our Lord and Judge, and in the power of tho Holy + Ghost, that tliou do- part i'ro 111 this crcaturo of God, N., .which our Lord hath vouchsafed to call unto his holy torn plo, that it may be made tho temple of tho living' God, and that tlie Holy Ghost may dwell therein. By the saino Christ our Lord, who shall como to judge the living and tho dead, and tho world by fire. R. Amen. Then the Priest, wetting his right thumb with spittle from his mouth, and touching therewith, in the formofa cross, the right ear of the person to be- baptised, and afterwards the left, says : Ephphctha f, that is to say f, Be opened : And, touching his nostrils, adds : For a savour of sweetness. Lastly, in a louder voice, he adds these words : But thou, Satan, fly +, behold tho God, groat and mighty, draweth near; tho God who taketh awuy tho proy from tho strong one. Wherever the + is placed, the Priest must muko the sign of the Cross. 