THE LAND ACT AND THE D. D.s. ( To the Editor of the Express.) 1 aiB, — Mr. Lambs evil genius suggested to that honorable and singular gentleman last week, in one of bis unlucid intervals, to ask the Secretary for Lands the following search ing question : — ' What number of selections have been made under the Homestead sections of the Crown Laods Alienation Act of 1868 in East Moreton, West Moreton, Darling Downs, Wide Bay, Port Curtis, and Kennedy, speci fying the amount of acreage of such selec tions ?' To which Mr. Taylor thus replied — ' East Moreton, 195 selections, being 4172 acres of agricultural and 11,521 of pastoral land. Total, 15,693 ' West Moreton, 230 selections, being 5846 agricultural, and 13,498 pastoral. Total, 19,334. ' Darling Downs, fifty-two selections, being 1816 agricultural and 2316 pastoral. Total, 4132! ' Wide Bay, 43 selections, 717 acres agri cultural and 2002 pastoral. Total, 2719.' We omit Port Curtis and Kennedy. Now let our readers take in the following facts: — There are nearly two millione of acres in tbe Warwick district. No other country on the Darling Downs can be compared with it. Most admirably is it adapted for homesteads, as it is, relatively speaking, lightly timbered, consequently little preliminary expense is laid upon tbe selector. We bave taken great pains to ascertain the astounding facts we are about to disclose; our readers may therefore rely ou their ac curacy. There are only eight homesteads in the Warwick district I These consist of one huodred and fifty-six acres agricultural and five hundred and forty eight pastoral ! I When we consider the vast numbers who bave crowded hither from other colonies in the vain quest of country on the Darling Downs, especially in the Warwick district; when we consider the flagitious division of magnificent runs (for instance, Canning Downs ! and South Toolburra) in direct violation of the law; when we consider the open spolia tion of the public by dummierB; when we consider that the House was counted ont when a good and faithful member waB lately calling attention to the monstrous abuses; finally, when we consider that Mr. Lamb was tbe responsible proposer of the bill which has wrought these evils, and assumes credit for tbe same, we feel ourselves compelled to give infinite credit to our Warwick brethren for the possession of a certain virtue with which the name of Job is commonly associated. What can they tbink of Mr. Taylor? He must know that he is responsible not only for present and late measures but for the perpetu ation of his predecessor's deeds of impolicy and wrong; and yet he ie trifling with the claims of many men io withholding from for feiture numerous dummied selections on the Condamine which long Bince were declared and proclaimed by hie predecessor to be for feited. We do not forget that Mr. Taylor while in seeming opposition, during a former regime, was fond of playing the game called ' fast and loose ;' he boonced and worried tbe Ministry on puny and trivial matters, while he was found on trials of strength to be entirely their most obedient humble servant. The time of trifling is now over; Mr. Taylor 1b a Responsible Minister, snd- if he does not speedily retrace bis steps it requires no ghost 1 to tell us that his career will be as brief and inglorious as that of the sapient Lamb, who fell— 'Like Lucifer, never to rise again,' AfiTI-EuKBUa. 