PARKES'S EXAMINATION, The following clever squib from Sydney Punch refers to Mr. Parkes's examination before the select committee of the New South Wales Assembly, now inquiring into that gentleman's allegations of the existenec of a Fenian conspiracy. Of this committcc Mr. Maclcay is chairman:— " ME. PUNCH saw in yesterday's Herald a statement of the cWdciice already given before Mr. Maclcay's committee. The Herald's report is, as usual, quite erroneous. ME. PUNCH'S stenographers have furnished him with the following examination of Parkes himself:— " By the Chairman: What is your name ? —Witness: Henry Parkes. " Do you producc everything in your possession concerning the Fenian conspiracy ?— I do. I produce a turnip scooped out, a short pipe, a white sheet, and a file of the Kiama Pilot. ".You were Colonial Secretary at the time of the occurrence at Clontarfp—I was. " What did you do on hearing of the Prince's attempted assassination ?—I at once bought and read eagerly the Castle of Otranto, various works on dcmoiwlogy, the Night Side of Nature, and several elaborate treatises on ghosts. I then enrolled myself as an honorary member of the detective police force; and asked one of the equerries whether the Prince, who was thou supposed to be dying, had expressed a desire to see me. " Did you learn that H. E. H. had, in his delirium, mentioned your name; and, if so, iu what way ?—I did. I ascertained that in a moment of insanity. H. 1{. H. had remarked to an attendant ' Why the devil didn't the ellow shoot Parkes '!' " What did you do next ?—I visited the prisoner, taking with me the reporting staff of a daily paper, and directed my messenger to sec that none of my colleagues camc into my public office during my absencc. "Did anything happen on your way to gaol ?—Yes. The hansom cab driver, whom I had engaged to drive me to Darlinghurst, and to whom I gave eighteen pence, made use of an expression which left no doubt on my mind that he was a member of a damnable Fenian- organisation. "What was his expression?—On leaving his cab at the gate-s of Darlinghurst, and placing the eighteen pence in his hand, he remarked in a low, grumbling tone, ' This 'ere 's nice fay for transformin a cove's 'ansnm into a prison wan.' I took his number on the spot, and had his hansom watched by four detectives. " Having seen O'Farrell. what did you do next?—I again called to see the Prince. I had heard that he had been inquiring whether I hgd friends in New Zealand; and on ascertaining that I kiiew some people there, H.B.H. promptly announced liis intention to return to England direct. "Why did you make the assertion contained in your Kiama speech?—For the purpose of awakening a general public interest in questions of spiritualism, and producing harmony of opinion and action among discordant sections ot the people. " Is it true that you offered a confidential appointment in the public Treasury to Myers, alias Miller, alias Hallam?—I decline to answer any questions- tending to compromise the reputations of distinguished men.. " Is it tho fact that you contemplated getting rid of jEagar, and putting Bsm- dirt in placc of the former distinguished person?—I had never fully resolved, to carry out that idea. "Did. you intimate, to anyone, that a powerful administration' in the present state of public feeling, could be formed by yourself, Benedict, Myers, Professor Mac, and the Ghost, with Windeyer as both Crown law officers ?—I decline to answer that question. " Why did yOu not communicate to your colleagues any of the intelligence you had received about the existence of a Fenian conspiracy ?—I had not sufficient confidence in their < discretion. I suspected Martin to be Irish patriot disguised as a Native loyalist, while Eagar I looked upon as excessively doubtful, and Wihon I regarded as an adventurer, who, if Fenig * command a working majoritjrj might become a " Headmoment. a,: V THROWING LIGHT CPA^EVIB Direps0*Jlmong the patents recently granted I'n FikWfe, we read of a strong coffer *• a flammes rouges.'" The peculiarity of this coffer seems to be that if fradulently opened it will kindle a Bengal light brilliant enough to assemble a multitude, who will firmly believe that a house is on fire. A COMPREHENSIVE TITLE. — The celebrated Berlin surgeon Langenbeck is thus designated officially: •'Gebeim- Ober-Medicinal Rath General-arzt JProteesor Dr. Yon Langenbeck."— Medical Times and Gazette. ANAMEEICANMAEBIAOE.—JuliusCaeSarThompson was married at St. Louis to Sidle. Antoinette ltutger. The bridegroom was a handsome mulatto, worth 200,000 dols. and upwards, and thu bride, a plain-looking ditto, but richly gilded likewise. The flunkey parsons decked the church. As for magnates of the laDd, and for such as those who by education, intelligence, and social position could command such attention, carpets were spread, and six clergymen with eighteen satellites, tied the dusky knot. The man was a barber, and gave his wife 15,000 dols. to buy her trousseau with. The bride has already refused white men, unci possesses ascrapbook containing several thousand letters received from white young men anxious to marry the rich child of Ethiou. GAMBLING IN NEW YOEK.—There is in New York an association for the prevention of gam. bling. The society employs detectives to visit the gambling saloons aud procure evidence tor the suppression of these establishments. It ia the business of these agents also to ascertain tho names and occupations of those who frequent the gambling rooms, and a list of the persona thus detected is sent periodically to the subscribers to the society, that they may know who are the persons wasting their money, or perhaps the money of their employers, in gambling. Manylarge houses of business subscribe. In the month of August the society's agents detected among the gambleru 08 clerks of mercantile houses, and in the previous six months reported 623 cases. It is stated that there are iu New York and Brooklyn 1017 policy and lottety offices, and 163 faro banks, aud that their nett annual gains are not less than 3C,OiJO,OQO dols. THE DUBLIN LADIES—The John JSull says:— "The Dublin ladies well deserve the compliment that was prettily paid thtm by an Oxford pro. fessor in the English Churchman—'The ladylike appearance of the women, the quiet style of their dress, their beautiful complexion, and, what surpasses all, their charming heaven bora purity, gave a grace to all that heartiness for which the Irish are deservedly celebrated. Whether it be that our English manners and habits have still further improved, I know Dot but though this is not my first or second visit ta Ireland. I never felt so impressed with the purity of manners and appearauce of the daughters of Erin as on this occasion." UNITED STATES LEGISLATOBS.—The legislator of the- Southern States are not likely to add much to the dignity of these assemblies, A coloured State Senator of Louisiana, it is said, took up the post of barber on boaid a Mississippi steamboat during the Legislature recess, and twa Representatives for the same period held thu useful but not very dignified places of cabin-boya. In Alabamu, at the hotels of Montgomery, tbe State Capital, the negro members of the Legi*. lature ptoved useful as waiters, spending part of their time in oleauing the " rebels'" plates, and the other portions iu legislating for their better behaviour. What an example for the Britixh House of Commons-, where the members only dirty boots and plates, instead of cleaning them, and in consuming food instead of cooking it. — Anglo-American Times. • lticnNEss OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE.—The construction of the English language must appear most formidable to a foreigner. One of them, looking at a picture of a number of vessels, said, " Si e what a tlock of ships!" He was told that a Hock of ships was called a fleet, and that a fleet of sheep was called a flock. And it was added for bis guidance in mastering the intricacies of our language, that " a flock of girls is called a bevy, that a bevy of wolves is called a paok, and a pack of theives is called a gang, and a gang of angels is called- a host, a host of porpoises ia called a shoal, a shoal of buffalo is called a herd, and a herd of childien is called a tioop, and a troop of partridges is called a covey, and a covey of beauties is called a galaxy, and a galaxy of ruffians is called a horde, aud a horde of rubbish is called a heap, and a heap of *>xenis .called a drove, and a drove of blackguardsis called a mob, and a mob of whales is called a school, and a school of worshippers is called a congregation, and a congregation of cngim- ors is called a crfrps, aud a corps of robbers is called a band, and a band of locusts is called a swarm,-and i» swarm of people is wiled a crowd, aud a crowd of gentlefolks is callcd cMs, »ud the elite oMiw city'V thicvw and weals m <»Ued rough*. 