THE BIBLE LN THE SCHOOLS. To tbe Editor of the Inquirer and Commercial News. Sib, — As various letters have appeared of late in the newspapers concerning the unsatisfactory system of Education pursued in tbis colony, and reference has been made therein to the absence of the Catholic children from the Government schools, I hope you will allow me to enlighten the public on tins import ant subject through your valuable paper. You may remember that in tbe year 1847 an attempt was made to establish 'Colonial Free Schools,' avowedly on tbe principle of the National Schools in Ireland, for children ot all religious deno minations, without preference or distinction. Bat unhappily some opinions were expressed in tbe newB papers, which 6howed that the Catholics could not safely avail themselves of the advantages of the colonial free schools, and the Colonial Government saw the necessity and the justice of allowing a pro portionate part of the public rands to support the Catholic schools, which support was continued up to the end of the year-4856. About this time an endea vour was made to modify the system of education then ''urine, seemingly with a view to facilitate, or rather to oblige the attendance of tbe Catholic children to the Government schools; the sums annually granted to the Catholic schools were stopped, and tbe Head of the Catholic Church was invited to .~— ^ ? ' ? ^^^^^^^^^~ buildings had been erected at a great cost, religious communities and lay schoolmasters had been engaged and devoted to that great object ; and it was intended t-y the Government all at once to shut up these schools, and consequently to do away with the valu able services of the good Sisters of Mercy and of St. Joseph, at least as far as their teaching was concerned, and to send their numerous pupils to the Government schools. How could any consrieatious Catholic, much less a Bishop, accede to such a strange proposal ? In the beginning of the year 1858, with the arrival of the new Judge, Mr. MaeFarland, new efforts were made. This gentleman, at the desire of tbe Board of Educ tion, entered into a correspondence with Dr. Serra, the Bishop Administrator of the Catholic Church, in order to eome to a good understanding on the subject of education. The latter consented to join the Board of Education on the condition of tbe continuation of the Catholic schools, of placing them under tbe inspection'of the Board, and of receiving an annual sain from the public funds for their support; all seemed settled in a manner satisfactory to both parties, when, on a sudden Governor Kennedy inter fered, and disclaimed having given any directions to that deaired effect, and all correspondence on that subject was at an end. Although the Government continued to refuse giving any assistance in support of the Catholic schools, these have been kept up at a great sacrifice. Because the education of youth is a great duty which God and society imposed on all, not only on tbe temporal rulers, but also on the parents, as well as on the ministers of religion, all should be united together in this all-important affair of eombiuing j religion with secular instruction ; tie latter, without the former, could not make good Christians, nor good members of society. The principal reason why the members of the Catholic Church cannot be satisfied with a mere secular education, nor with any one into which the religious element is only partially admitted, is because the one thing necessary to every man, vis., the consecution of the end for which he has been created, should be inculcated and made practicable in every pursuit, even in every action of his life ; all other avocations should be made subservient to that great end, otherwise in the state of corrupt nature man is powerfully led by his senses towards material objects; these are the main spring of his actions, and keep the invisible future life, with its happiness and misery, out of his mind. la order to counteract this natural tendency, the Holy Ghost teaches us that ' The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.' — Prov. L 7; and when God gave his law to bis people, He said to them : ' Lay up these my words in your hearts and minds, and hang them for a sign on your hands, and place them between your eyes. TeaCB your children that they meditate on them, when thou sittest in thy house, and when thou walkest on the way, and when thou liestjdown and risest np. Thou shalt write them upon the posts and the doors of thy house.' — Deat. xi. 18. Accord ing to this Divine law, religion is to form the basis of all education : the subjects taught, the teacher and his faith, the rale of the day-school, all are to com bine to that great object, as religion should regulate the whole life of man. If we lose sight of this great principle, generation after generation will grow worse, more material, more demoralized. This is the reason why the Catholic Church makes so many efforts to have schools conducted according to that great principle ; and she will never acquiesce in a system of education of which religion is not the basis. All other schools will be unsuccessful here and every where. Tbe reports of the National schools in Ireland are far from being satisfactory ; and although the promoters of each schemes avowed that those schools would be conducted in no sectarian spirit, nevertheless subsequent facts have proved that they were intended to undermine the faith of the Catholic youth. Even in this colony, although a provision was made that *' the proceedings ot each day are to commence with general instruction from the Scripture Lesson Books, no children are required to attend without then? parents' sanction,' nevertheless tbe local Boards and schoolmasters, principally in the country districts, very frequently depart from that role, and have compelled the Catholic children not only to be present at, and read the Scripture Lessons, but also to join in the Protestant prayers and in sing ing church hymns. In tins respect the Catholic schools in this colony have been conducted in a more liberal spirit; for during tbe time for teaching the Cate chism, which generally is before tho close of the day school, tbe Protestant children are not requested to be present thereat, and they are permitted either to go home or to remain apart from the Catholics. With regard to to the reading of the Bible, I may be allowed to dissipate an error which seems common amongst Procestaats. The Catholic Church has never forbidden to her members the reading of ar-£ approved translation of the Bible ; she only fort#ds the spurious and mutilated translations of it, made by private individuals without her sanction. In 'the Sacred Books there are some passages which St. Peter says are hard to be understood ; and all the approved translations are accompanied- with annota tions from the Holy Fathers, explanatory of any obscure passage. In conclusion, since the present system of educa tion in the colonial schools has been tried for many years, and has proved r- failure in attracting the attention of the Catb^flc children, and it gives no satisfaction to the Protestant community, it is time that the Government shonld put an end to such anomaly, by adopting the wise suggestions of their high authority, Dr. Hale, the Protestant Bishop of Perth. We had an annual grant from Public Funds in aid of the Catholic schools from 1840 to 1857, during whic&i; period the colonial revenue was very small; we were entitled to it ; the Colonial Govern ment was in justice bound to give that support, because the Catholic community have proportionally contributed to tbe colonial revenue. And if the Government could, with a small revenue at their disposal, aet thus fairly, could they not with greater reason; grant a proportionate sum in aid of the Catholic schools, now that the Colonial Treasury is in a far \nore prosperous state; and thereby satisfy tbe claims of both the Catholics and the Protestants, leav'jig to both denominations the faculty of teaching their members according to their respective religions principles? This is the system which has worked well in the other colonies, and this is the system well working in England, where the Government gives support to tbe Catholic schools; and there is no reason why a similar support should be refused in this British colony. I am, &&, MARTIN GRIVER, Administrator of the Catholic Church. Perth, 4th Jan., 1869. 