"WANTED, A MARRIED COUPLE, WITHOUT ENCUMBRANCE." S. G. MEE. OR, as it should, and is intended to be — "without incumbrances." Or (as sometimes — in order to qualify the expression, one would think) —" Wanted, a married couple, without children." .... Actuated by a sort of Ti- | carious instinct, the present writer, for sometime j past, has been engaged in a " civflizade" against j the above (to his thinking) impious style of advertising. Until lately he deemed it a vice indigenous to the Australian colonies; but it seems that the custom (like many other per nicious customs) has been transplanted from the old country ; as will appear from the following short article from Cassell's Magazine: — " There is classical warrant for the advertis ing brutality of describing wives and children U3 ' incumbrances.' Bacon terms them ' host ages to fortune,' and advises the student not to hamper himself with them. Boccaccio, in his ' Vita di Dante,' referring to the marriage of Dante with Gemma, the daughter of Manetto de' Donati, censures him rather sharply, and enters into a lesgthy dissertation upon the mis fortunes and serious disturbances which a wife and children (Dante had seven) bring upon the studions man. • Let philosophers,' he adds, ' leave marriage to the unembarrassed rich, to I noblemen, and working men, and let them de* light themselves with philosophy, which is a much better wife than anj other.'" From the foregoing it will be observed that Boccaccio would not (as our Malthusian- hearted advertisers would) proscribe "working men" from getting married, and, as a general sequence, having " incumbrances ;" bat only (inasmuch as, in his individual opinion, they hamper them) literary men and philosophers. But is matri mony a hindrance to such? And are those " blue-eyed banditti" (night " incumbrances") really any drawbacks to the pursuits of the literary man ? On the contrary, is it not to them (next to their mothers) that the world owes many of the holiest and happiest pages and poems that have ever been panned ? " Come to me, O ye children! And whisper in my ear What the birds and the winds are singing In your sunny atmosphere. ! For what are all our contrivings, ' And the wisdom of oar books, ! When compared with your caresses, { And the gladness of your looks ? i Ye are better than all the ballads | That ever were sung or said; For ye are living poems, And all the rest are dead." Dear indeed are those "pledges" to the home and heart of the poor bereaved American poet —the vital lig'»t, and joy, and glamour of his (rut for them) altogether desolate dwelling. .[Then, despite a few unhappy exceptions, how many of our greatest authors have enjoyed that (next to "God's love") snpremest bliss — " the love of wedded souls!'' It is singular that the above quctation (from Aurora Leigh) should have spontaneously trickled from my pcn—seemingly, as if to prove the above fact. Where, sir cc Paradise closed on our first parents, were ever two couples "in love more dearly joined," than the twain who, almost simul taneously, were alike bereaved—Henry Wads worth Longfellow and Robert Browning ? On the subject of children, well may Ibe excused (seeing that I have an " incumbrance" of my own named after her) in quoting, from the " Last Poems" of Elizabeth Barrett Browning, the fol lowing—entitled " Only a Curl:"— " Friends of faces unknown, and a land Unvisited over the sea, Who tell me how lonely you stand. With a single gold curl in the hand Ileld up to be looked at by me,— While you ask me to ponder and say What a father and mother can do With4 the bright feUow locks put away Out of reach—beyond kiss—in the clay, Wheie the violets press nearer than you : Shall I speak like a poet, or run Into weak women's tears for relief ? Oh, children ! I never lost one ; Yet my arm's round my own little son, And love knows the secret of grief. And I feel what it must be and is, When God draws a new angel so Through the house of a man up to His, j What a murmur of music you miss, And a rapture of light you forego." The above will doubtless appeal to many a mother's heart who (it may be) yearns towards one little mound over the sea ; besides convinc ing the reader that in nowise did the gifted authoress regard the offspring—even of the poorest—as "incumbrances." Or why that piercing maternal epic of hers, which, with the assistance of their Sh&ftesbury;, was the means of rescuing so many thousands of children from the utter thraldom of the factories ? To speak of those as incumbrances whom, despite whatever a Malthus or a Mill may say, * even poor men will cling to and regard at God gifts, is surely sacrilegious. We hope to see this rank conventionality soon fall into desuetude. It is sad, in a country inviting immigration, that, to be childless, is the sine qua non of em ployment of married couples. When observing such advertisements, the retort to Scrooge of the " Ghost of Christmas Present" always recurs to 1 my mind : —" Oh God !to hear the insect on the leaf pronouncing on the too much life among his hungry brothers in the dust!" Let such advertisements, in future, be re garded as analogous in atrocity to those ending with—"No Irish need apply." Would such people have the world 'run out ? Or do they disbelieve the command—" Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth ?" Surely in a territory of 678,000 square miles there is room for a few married couples, with any number of " sound, healthy children of the God of heaven." 