ENGLAND WILL NEVER FIGHT. The New York Times says : — ? A most mischievous cry, re-echoed in this country umong the demagogues foi a number of years, is that ' England will never fight.' What ever we may do to her, or however abuse her, she is too much absorbed in trading, and has too many ' dangerous classes' at home ever to fight. Under the ancientj regime here of Southern Democrats, the policy always was to drive England to the wall, aud to come as near insult and menace as was possible. Even in the civil war, her abstinence irom any onensive movement was attributed more to her greed for gain and a kind of mercantile timidity, than to her sense of justice. Her foreign policy in Europe for some years has been of the most peaceful, not to suy timid, nature j her people have seemed too many here, and on the con tinent to have somewhat lost the manly and warlike vigour they once had. A large majority iu this country devoutly believe now that nothing could force Great Britain to blows. Look at her commerce, they say — open to privateers on every sea j her manu factures — destroyed through a want of customers by a war ; her agriculture — insuf- ficient to feed herself; her dangerous classes boiling with socialistic and revolutionary elements ; her Fenians— -ready to revolt and separate Ireland4froui England, and Canada open to invasion — all this will ulways bind her over to keep the peace. ' She dares not fight 1' Sir. Wendell Phillips, iu proposing to the American Government to revolutionise Cuba, says that if England dares to interfere, we ' will laud an army iu Dublin, and cover the sea with Alabainas !' Even Mr. Sumner must have felt something of this contempt for England, when he ventured to propose that she should make an humble apology for the declaration of belligerency, and pay a bill of costs, which may be reckoned anywhere from 500,000,000 dollars to 2,000,000,000 dollars 2srow, nothing could be a greater mistake than such a sentiment about England. She is indeed the great trading nation of the world, and the oue that has most to lose by war. She has the caution of an old veteran who knows what hard blows mean. But pluck is a tradition with every Englishman personally, and a national quality. Much as England love money and commerce and peace, she would see every trading packet burned, her manufactures swept iuto the sea, and her rich fields made as Georgia was behind Sherman, rather than submit to a national indignity, or give up what she con siders her just rights. Theie is no doubt of this to anyone who knows the English people. She has the same old fire which lias blazed out .so many battle-fields, and which burned so recently in the veins of her offspring*!, who sacrificed the lives and wealth of a whole generation rather than suffer a wrong to triumph ftud the nation be overthrown. Not a ghost of a party would be found on the side of peace in Great Britain if the nation once believed itself insulted and about to be forced to bear indignity. The Liberals and peacemeu would then be on the side of war. The ' dan gerous classes' would vanish, as did our New York rowdies during our struggle; the Fi'iiians would be of no more account than are our disaffected Indians now ; debt and expense would be forgotten, and the stored wealth and capital of centuries would be poured out for the work of destruction. Nor would the old mother laud be a contemptible antagonist. Thirty mil lions of compact people would be burning for war from an enormuus power. The British navy is a tremendous implement ; aud the ex periment of landing troops on the coast of Ireland, with a fleet of a thousand hostile vessels watching the ocean, we can imagine, would bo somewhat hazardous. Modern warfare is a contest of purses, aud is such a struggle the little island would stand equal, at least, with any competitor. The truth is that England is not essentially different from America in a readiness to take offence, and in sensitiveness to insult, and she will fight quite as readily, and with us much persistence, as her warlike offspring.' 