LATINO TUB CORNER STONE OF ST. JAMES1 CHURCH. Oue readers have already been made aware of the proposed ceremonial which has been arranged for this day in. connection with the new Church of 8t James. | After many delays and various difficulties, now happily surmounted, the members of the Church of England, in ToowoombaJand the Committee, may be congratulated upon arriving at the first, and that not the least important, stage in their endeavours to secure a building, worthy of the object to which it will be dedicated, namely— the worship of God. We trust that the weather will be propitious, and that many will take advantage of the occasion to testify by their presence their attachment to the church of their fathers ; and, further, to give that facing a substantial form in their liberal contribu tions to the building fund. Another motive for a Luge attendance may be found in the fact that this day happens to be the birthday of his Excellency the Governor— -and it becomes, therefore, our duty, as good colonists, to receive him on this occasion with every mark of loyalty and respect. The Church will be cruciform, consisting of a chancel with apsidal termination, a nave, and two transepts, with vestry on the north side, prepara tion being made for an organ chamber on the south, which the funds at the disposal of the committee do not admit at present of being erected. The total length of the Church from cast to west will be 79 feet b inches, and across the two transepts 63 feet 6' inches. Accommodation will be afforded by this space for 470 sittings, exclusive of those in the chancel, but the present contract does not in clude the fittings. The walls will be of brick, with stone dressing and quoins to the doors and win dows ; open timbered porches will lead to the west and south doors, and the roof will be of open tim bered work, stained and varnished, surmounted by an open timbered lantern and spire for the bell. Due provision is made for lighting and -«ntilation in the side walls and roof —the latter be *i high pitch. The style adopted is that kne- — _ jSarly English, with special adaptation to the r&.Hjjilents of the climate. *-»' The inscription on the face of the corner sune is as follows : — ' In the name of the Blessed and Un divided Trinity, the Corner Stone of this Church was laid, May 1st, 1869, by His Excellency Samuel Wensley Blackall, Governor of Queensland, in dedication of the Church to St. James. E. W. Tufkell, Lord Bishop of the Diocese.' The hour fixed for the ceremonial is 2 p.m., a little before which time the Governor and Bishop, escorted by the (Jlergy, Chuchwardens, and others, will leave the Royal Hotel for the site of the church. The children of the Sunday School having previously walked in procession through the town to the spot, will have taken up their position near the stone. On his arrival, the Governor will be presented with an address by the Clergy and Churchwardens, te which he will give a reply. At its conclusion the choir and children will sing two verses of the 100th l'salm. After which, all things being ready, the Bishop will commence the special service. At the conclusion of the 84th Psalm, a document Betting forth the proceedings of the day will be duly signed by the Governor, Bishop, and others present, and pla cd with other papers in a glass bottle deposited in a cavity of the etone prepared to receive it. Then the lime being prepared aud spread on the stone by the Governor, the stone will be lowered by three successive falls of twelve inches till it reaches its dual bed. When placed in its proper position, the Governor, assisted by the architect, will test it with the level and plumb rule, aud giving the stone three successive knocks with the inaul, will pronounce the etouo to bu level, upright, and truly laid, adding — 'In the fait Ii of Jesus Christ we place this Corner Stone, in the Name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost.' Amen. The Bishop will then read the concluding portion of the service, aud a plate will be placed on tho stone, and those present be invited to place their offerings therein, during which time the choir will sing tue hymn selected for the occasion — 'Christ is made the sure foundation.' The Bishop will than pronounce the Beucdiction, and dismiss tho assemblage. Before concluding, we would remind our readers that no offering, however small, will be lightly es teemed, and on occasions like the present additional Interest has frequently been imparted to the proceed ings by the children joining their parents in placing their offerings on the stone, aud bo testifying their equal interest in tho ceremonial of the day. 