~" VICTORI.A. ffeeontínne our extracts from our Melbourne VA Starks for political armis . Wtor months, observing the Wo pro beeffí¡.fortwore»íons¡ first, because there is P!läoÄn'»ybfea,led neutral work "Tin and secondly, because a formal re tol"'ari"ñ'of party strife, even for a short time, I "We Tour system to somewhat regain a Loane The neutral business consists of iS nervous Melbourne investors, and thus "Al hope to see a new golden era. Legisla rf«qK in regard to the forfeiture of Miahuag accidents, and mining leases, and *5?Z requisite changes are made there To be danger of serious inconvenience "j IM The railway question has also to be decided. The select committee has JU in favour of less costly lines than Opened by the late Ministry, and the k1 operation will have to be fairly argued T Then there is the re-organisation of the OUR. 2, . inherit. part Rnarrli. iy»ydep»rtrnent, and an honest and search SA the working of the Lands do Of all of which may be called neutral Crs, which should be dealt with apart from JA party waria... What isM'Culloeh riorwetoM'Cnlloch, if we cannot got this Lkdoooi Whether he is in or out, Pony vox «*!wlJofafew ardent partisans and news 38, which basked in the warmth of his 5rertisements,buttotbe country at large the írtloaejlion is, how can certain work, long de 3d and now sorely required, be done ?" Mr McKenna has made a good commence eatable official career," remarks the Kyneton Garden. He is manifesting a sincere desire hours the department over which he has been SM to preside of the odious reputation which ^buinednnder the administration of his pro LaBor Members of Parliament who have been able to grow rich under the says LB of ' proper representations' will find their mations gone, and will be obliged to betake L to some honest means of earning a lively time The disposal of the public estate is no star to be made a matter of political jobbery ; Zelector will no longer be at the mercy of He MI of Parliamentary touters who have hitherto blocked up every avenue to the Lands Mr and the rich harvest in fees and commis Am will so longer be enjoyed." a Throughout the Maryborough district, the aa are reported to be in excellent condition, No shooting up vigorously, giving promise i t bountiful harvest. The wheat, oats, and the crops in the Lauucr-fielcl district look nurbUr well. Particularly is this the case till the oats, says the Chronicle, which promise ' more abundant harvest than we remember to have known for three years. In the Woodend ml Pyalong districts, also, are the same pro "sang results accorded to the farmer. For late crops, such as potatoes and chicory, the second is well prepared, and it is pretty certain Sit annually large quantities of these roots will be grown this season in the Lancefield district. Yesterday's Creswick Advertiser says : J Turner, just returned from a trip to Eagle area, states that the crops between that place in Glengower will not average more than five labels to the acre. Most of them are in bloom, ml so stunted in growth BE to be barely worth adieriDg. The Etmld of the 10th instant reports OF stars of the Melbourne Hunt Steeplechases. fire names of the winning horses having already appeared in our cable messages : From the threatening manner in which the swing broke, it was feared that the sport at his Unit Club meeting would be entirely marred, kilt noon the day cleared up, and it was fair during the afternoon, with occasional light were only. The attendance, at the races suffered ranch, of course, from the unpropitious father, but, its effect was somewhat counteracted by the general understanding that the races could not be put off again, and must be run at all hazards. The first race was run in the pre- end of a comparatively meagre assemblage, but as the afternoon wore on, the attendance two than doubled, and the race for the tubers' Gift was witnessed by about 5000 persons. The grand stand was crowded at DKtt as much as usual, his Excellency the Cumnor and family being present. The rain had made the that somewhat heavy, but the mob were all well contested, and the jumping over the formidable log and close, forces was very plucky. Much disappointment was caused by the scratching of Babbler for all events, in KXMHiaenco, we believe, of injuries received at Cillimt. The only horse scratched in the Plan Jicap Hurdle Race was Jolly Tar, but there are. five non-starters for the Hunt Club Cup - Biblcr, Shamrock, Certainly, Curryoug, and Vathek. Eight went for this event, and, after an exciting race, it was won by the Bard (carry is IQit only), with Stover (16ft 121h.) second. Freetrader (12st 8th) came in a bad third. There are about half-a-dozen falls in the course of the race, but none of the riders received any serious injury. A meeting of the stewards was held at half-past twelve, to consider upon Sham- rock's qualification for the Hunt Club, and he is disqualified. The third race was the Mum- bil' Gift, for which a start was effected about half-past two, Wollaton (carrying 10st 10lb), meat first, with Curry on g (lOst 10 lb), second, and Western (11st 10lb), third. The Mount Alexander Mail, writing on the Million of payment of members, asserts that the flatteRy of opinion that used to exist among liepewps most interested in the subject, Diately, the members who are to be paid, is poring by degrees beautifully less, and there is cor scarcely, once Mr. Higinbotham set the tropic, politician of any importance, or of Moe, who is not converted over to the doctrine tU Ilia laborer in Parliament is so as to as worthy of his time as anybody else. If the Macpherson Ministry does nothing else, society will owe it a its of gratitude should it succeed in laying the ghost of the proposal that has haunted the Assembly with the persistence of a spectre, from its Parliamentary infancy. Either let the new Ministry quicken the idea into vitality and life, if let it put the carcase of it quietly under ffP"ud into the limbo of projects benevolent in Cairns, but which the selfish loss of mankind ballot allow to die exactly in the same phelan H"í#ioft¡bt as their authors. the Saturday half-holiday and early closing wrcMent is again exciting attention in Mel- tons, ship Herald of the 19th October reports u under: A meeting under the auspices of the Early CUing Association, took place at the Princess Theatre last evening, with a view of tubing stops to establish Saturday as a half-holiday for those employed in retail shops. The chair was occupied by the Mayor, and among the gentlemen on the platform were the Hons. J. O'Shanassy, George Higinbotham, J. A. Macpherson, T. H'fo«, F. Longmore, W. V. Smith, and W. WriíOB. A report was read thanking those who was promoted the early closing cause by avoid cantata shopping, and advocating a weekly half holiday for retail traders. The Hon. George Higinbotham came forward amid great applause. He said that although doubt existed as to the expediency of a general half-holiday, ho cou shewed that the experiments made in granting of both at home and in this country, had proved that it can not only beneficial to those who started The boon, but also to the interests of du business in which they were employed. The retailers wished for the same privilege as that enjoyed by the banks, civil service, and were women, and solicited the co-opot atkin of the public to procure it. He asserted that more as Mt would not secure this, but that there must active co-operation, which lay in the plain nie, "Abstain from shopping after twelve." JJ. Higinbotham hoped that when the Early WOUUK Association obtained the boon for- them else they would think of others who were on sale to combine as they did, and moved the fol Iwtog resolution is That the nature of the employment of persons engaged in retail business permits presents especial claims to a reasonable opportunity being afforded for mental culture in healthful recreation, which will be most jfMtoally met by a weekly half-holiday on ?««Naya,» which was unanimously carried. we following resolutions proposed respec "only by the Rev. Isaac Moore, the Hon. John O Shanassy, and the Rev. G. O. Vance wore "mtdunanimously:-I. "That this meeting, "J°P>ifing the beneficial operation of the Satur .»faslf-hojiday in many departments of in the?' ^»»Hy reeoiniii'onds its extended adop Î10«4*»*»retailtradorsof this city." 2. "That, 'J "J18 Sephton of this meeting, the requirements «wepubliowdthointcroBts of traders would Georgina, met by the retail markets being held Friday night instead of on Saturday as at rest 44 balls pledges its support to an, appeal to the City Council with that view." 3. " That this meeting, viewing the advantages to workmen as well as to shopkeepers which attend the early payment of wages, urges upon those employers who still pay upon Saturday to substitute an earlier day in the week." The meeting concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman, proposed by Mr. O'shannassy. The Herald of the 15th inst. reports that by private letter we learn that affectionate inquiries are being made after a gentleman, known for some time in Sydney. The gentleman in question managed to obtain some £900 worth of goods from a merchant in Sydney, and shortly after, goods and purchaser were both wanting. It was suspected that Melbourne was made the city of refuge by the defaulter. If so, however, he doubted the safety provided, and, in all probability, took his departure by a recent steamer to Auckland. The estate of Mr. Hugh Glass has at last been placed in assignment. Owing to the pressure of creditors, and the conflicting interests that are connected with the estate, it was deemed necessary either to resort to the Insolvency Court, or to make an assignment., The two trustees are gentlemen in whom every confidence is felt, and should the estate not work well for all parties, it will be from no fault of those in whose hands it is placed. 