THE PATRIARCH OF CONSTANTINOPLE AND THE POPE. f Translated, in the Guardian from the Easlern'Slar.J Extracted from the Official Account oj tnc 7 rntntnwellitim. — At-the-discussionmt-tlio- Polrlaroli-'s-Palaco. concerning the invitation to tlio Council to bo held in Romo on Thursday in last week (Oot. 3rd), two priosts of tho company of Mousignor Uaiinnltl / fit ft IftriVnV rtf 1>1A ImlStlflfiS tltC l'l'PO of Romo at Constantinople, camo to tho Pro- tosynoellium and requested an audience with tho Most Holy Patriarch, on tlio part of Dom Tostns, as agont of „M. Brunoni, - now absont at. Rome. Tho time oppoiutcd for tho intor- view was" between 9and KYou" Saturday, October 5th. . - About 10 o'olook on Saturday Dom Tcslns ar rived, accompanied by three otlior priests, ono of wlmm nnokn Qreok a little : all. howevor, spoko Frcnoh. After interchange 'of salutations at tho Protosynoellium, they were conducted by "the Protosynoellus to his Holinoss. Having entered the presonoo of His Holinoss and kissed his hands, they took their seats at tlio kindly invitation of the Patriarch, who ombraced thom. While liis Holiness was ptoccoding with the customary expressions of kindness tboy all rose, and Dom Testas took from his bosom a letter, tiod with gold cord, and in - a purple covor, and haudod it.to-tbe Patriarch, while the Qyicst next to him said in Groek, " In the absenoo of Brunoni wo oamo to invite -your-Holinesa to- tlio-(Ecuraencial Council to be held at Rome in the noxt year, on tho 8th .December, _nnd_theroforo-wA-call — on_youto. aooept. this present written summons." His Holiness, having indioated by a motion of the hand that the gold-fastened epistle which Dom Testas brought should he laid on tho desk, and that they should be seated, ad dressed them in an earnest tono indioativo of paternal love and kindness. " If tho daily papers of Romo, and others deriving information from them, bad not published the letter of summons of his Holiness to the, as ye call it, (Ecumenical Counoil at Rome, and consequently, if we had not known the objoot and oontonts of the letter, and tho principles (platform or standpoint) of liis Holiness, wo would thank fully have reoeived the letter sent from the Patriarch of Old Rome, expeoting tbenoe to obtain some information. Since, however, the letter of summons already published in the newspapers 'lias revealed the prinoiples of his Holiness— principles utterly abhorrent from those of tho Orthodox Eastern Churoh — on this dcoount at once sorrowfully and straight forwardly we tell yonr Holiness that we oannot receive either such a summons or such a docu- _mont_from.hisHolinoBB,assumingashadiie6 thB same principles as havo always beon assumed by Rome — principles antagonistic to the spirit of the Gospels and to the teaching of (lie UhVUUinuuui vwuuvtia uuu »uv «wy Fathers. His Holiness having taken the sarno step also in. 1848, summoned the Orthodox Eastern Chn'rch to make answer, by an ency clical letter, showing distinctly and oloarly the opposition of tlio principles of Romo to tho traditional and Apostolic ones— tho answer to which not only did not pleoso, but gave offence to his Holiness ; and that liis Holiness was really offended the counter reply from him clearly showed, and since his Holiness evi dently will in nowise deviate from his own position, neither (by Divino grace) do wo mean to deviate from ours. Wherefore we do not wish to oocasion to him fresh offence to no purposo, nor can we endure to reopen old .wounds nud stir . up_ ogain extinct hatreds by questions and disputings of words whieh end, for tbe most part, in broaches, nnd ill-will —whereas rather each of us need at this time, if over, of evangelical and common love and sympathy, on account of the many and various dangers nnd trials which surround tho Oburcb of Christ. Nor, again, is any. mutual under standing or disonssion in Council possible -nnless-there exiat- firat-theooramon'basis-oftho- same prinoiples acknowledged by both. And further, onr opinion is that the most successful and least irritating -method of solving such questions is tbe historical method. Sinco it is manifest that there wbs a Churoh in existence ten centuries back whioh held the same doc trines in the Ease es in the West, in tbe Old asin-the-New.Romo, -lot-us each reour to-that- and see whioh of us has added aught, which has diminished nnght therefrom; nnd let ell that may have been added be struck off, if any there be, and whatever it be ; and lot ail that has been diminished therefrom be re- addod, if any thera be, and whatever it be r and then we shall all unawares find ourselves united in the same symbol of Catholic Orthodoxy from which Rome, in the letter centuries' having Btrayed, takes pleasure in widening the breach by ever-new doctrines and institutions at variance with holy tradition." First Priest, Dom Testas. — Wlmt opinion discordant with tradition docs yonr Holiness intend? The Patriaroh. — To omit details, wo cannot (so long as the Churoh of the Saviour is on -tho earth) admit— 1. That tliero is in the Universal Church of Christ any bishop, supreme ruler, and head other than tbe Lord. 2; That thero is any patriarch infallible and unerring, speaking ex cathedra, and above (Eoumencial Councils, in which latter is infallibility when they are in-accordanco with Scripture and Apostolic tradition. 3. That tho Apostles wero unequal (in contempt of tbo Holy Ghost, who enlightonod thorn all equally) ; or 4, that this or that Patriarch orPopo had pre-eminence of seat, not by human and eynodioal arrange ment, but (as yo assort) by Divine right ; and other similar points. / The Second Priest. — It is not proposed that Rome should change her principles. The Third Priest. — Since the Council of Florenoe having examined such points united tho two Churches, but still some individuals wore left out of' that union, thoso it is whom tho Holy Father invites to the approaching (Ecumencial Council, - that thoso also may bo perfectly unlfed. Tho Patriarch, — None but an uneducated, man (and your Holiness belongs not certainly . to this class) can by possibility be ignorant how mnny things have been spokon and written against tho Council of Floronce. And, disputes having arisen immediately after tho last Session of that compulsory dssombly, the. forced union diod in its swaddling clothes. An assemblage collected on -political grounds, on grounds purely of wordly interest, and. which endod in decision imposed for a time on some' fow of onr Church by dint of starvation and overy kind of violence end threat by him who was then Pope — BUch an assembly is not even worthy of tho sacred name of Council. Aocording-to an (Eoumonial Council -(Ecutno- njoal Church and true Catholicity is, and. is defined to' bo, that holy and undofilod body in .which (independently of Its material extent) tbo sum of tho puro touching of tho Apostlos is held, and tlio faith of tlio whole Church on oarth, as it was ostablisliod and thoroughly tried for tlio first oiglit oonturios aftor tho foundation of tho Church, during whioh porlod tho fathors, botli of the East and Wost, and tlio seven and only CEcumonical ond most holy and inspired Councils spoak -ono and tho samo heavenly utteranco of tho Gospel Lot thoso Oounoils, nnd thoso reverend fathers, whoso writings aro familiar to . all, .bo, tho safo. and unerring guido of o vcry Chr istian aud..bisliop of tho Wost who honestly longs and seeks for -Gdipol truth. They aro tho highest touolistono of Christian- truth. Thoy aro the safe patli on whioh wo oan meet with tho holy kiss of unity ot aooirino. nun ovory uuv whv side of 'that' "path will bo regarded by us as -incapable of-forming-the-oehtro-around whioh to gather the members of tho orthodox Catholic Churoh. Bat if haply any of tho Western bishops havo doubts regarding any of their doctrines, and wish to meet, let them meet and discuss thom overy day if. thoy piooso.. , Wo have no such doubts rogarding the traditional and unalterable dootrinos of. religion ; and, moreovor, roverond Fathers, it boing a ques tion of an (Eoumenlcal Council, it surely does not esoapo your memory that tho (Eonmeniqal Councils were oonvened in other fashion than as his " Holiness has convened this. If bis Holiness tho Pope of Rome had .respect to Apostolic equality nnd brotherhood, it woro fitting that (as an equal among equals in point of dignity, but first by oanonioal right' in rank of liis' boo), ho should havo dirooted a separate lottor to each of the Patriarchs and Synods of tho East, not in oncyolioal and diotatorial form to impose it as though he were lord and master of all, bat as a brother to brothren equal to honour and station, to ask , them if, how, whore, and under what conditions they would ngree to tho assembling of a Holy Counoil. This being so, either do ye, too, roour to history and the General Counoils in order that on historical grounds may be restored the much longed for true and Christian unity, or wo will again content oursolves with continued prayers and supplications for tho peaoo of tho whole world, tlio seourity of tho Churches of God, and the union of all.Cbristen- dom; but, under such circumstances, we assure you with sorrow, that we aonsider the conven ing of the Counoil vain and fruitless, and also this document whioh ;e have brought. ' Fourth .Priest.— Is prayer alono, then, able to restore unity ? If a man js sick, even "whilowe"expeot the" healing to oome from God, and for this end offer .earnest prayors and. sup plications, yet we negjoot not to provide for him phyaioi&ns; and remedies. \- The' Patriarch.— Speaking of healing in comparison with spiritual things, only tbo Omniscient faundorand perfeoterof his own Church, Christ tho Lord, knows of a cortainty whp it ia that is sick— how grievous the Bick- noss is — what is tho form of the disease, and what the corresponding remedy. Wherefore wo again repeat there is great need of prayer, fervent and unceasing prayer, to our Lord, who is lovo itself, that He will inspire all with love to Gad and all that leads to salvation. Having thus spoken, his Holiness ordered tho Prot03yncellas (who had sat next him and interpreted his words in Frenoh) to take the documont from the desk and give it baok to tbo iigent of the MonBignor Brunoni who had "delivered"!! ; and so rising-up they gave the duo reverence, nnd having rcoeivod a kind fare well from his Holiness, they loft the room and departed, accompanied as far as the stairs by the Protosyncolius. . Intended Abdication of Napoleon III. —A French journal gives currency to the fol- lowing rumour, as_.oon_taining_a.flort of.a pro-- gramme of tho Emperor's intentions : — " Weary of work, or rather comprehending that it is no light matter to have the crown entrusted to him by universal suffrage, the Emperor will consecrate tbe latter years of his life towards securing the reign of tho Prinoo Imperial. To attain this objeot he has decided upon.abdi- cation noxt year, after tho general -elections — lhat is, should the members contain a majority devoted to bis dynasty. . By abdicating in favour of his son be would - tnko care to aot as regent, and continue to govern de facto, but unshackted by the external pomp of sovereigoty. ' .Thus would the danger of an abrupt transition be avoided, and tbo future of the dynasty perhaps bo scoured." A Novel Hunt. — A novol bunt was got up at the River Forth (says the Cornwall Chronicle). Mr. Jones gave an unbroken mule, commonly called a "Jerusalem pony," to be run for on "horscbaok, whoever oonld oatob him to becomo tho owner — tbe .mule, to have 200 yards start. -At 3 o'olook on Saturday the mule was led to the Forth Heads, and a capital start effeoted; over a dozen riders in fully jockey oosturae went o.fter him ; and aftor a throe hours', hard run through the bush, over fences, &o.;, the mule' wsb caught by Mr. John Williams, of Hamilton. Several of the hunters got awkward spills ; but, saving a few o'ontdsions and one horse getting staked, noaocident occurred. Ijimoetalitt of tiie SooL.— We should, consider this, that if tbo soul is immortal, if requires onr care, not ODly for the prosont time, whioh wo call life, but for all timo; and the danger would appear to be dreadful, if one should uegleot it. For if death were a deliver ance from everything, it would bo a great gain for the wicked, when they die, to bo delivered at the same time from the body and from their vioes, together with tho soul ; but know, since it appears to be immortal, it can havo no othor reiugo iroiTi uyiibj nur buitjiyi usi ing ob good and wise as possible. iopb ujr ueouui- — Plato. Some yoars ago two dootors of tho Stato of Massachusetts met on the highway; one of thom, with somewhat rnbieund face riding in a rickotty old ono horse chaiBe, and the other in a handsome oarriege, newly paintod and varnished in a very good stylo. ('Doctor," said the first, I lrave a more extensive and lucrative practice than you, and yot I can't afford'to ride in any tiling bettor than this old affair, while you havo, I see, a nico catriago, newly painted. Will you explain to me how this can bo so ?" — " Ob,- certainly," replied tho other; " that's easily done. It dosen't cost liitlf as muoh to paint my oarriago as it doos to paint your face I" v . Wlmt is the difference botween a drummer hoy aod a pound of meat? One weighB a pound, and tho other pounds away. A LITERAL TranblationT' means that pocimarly-indmorout look \yIi|c1 i put on by mon who novor pay wlion ,|u„' ! for monoy, and is possibly a corruption of „ shell out. 