??/ MISCBLlJA.N-EOyS.; ih -'? -?? A, man living, ata village noar'Mobile, tried -.,- .-...? to- frighten Bomefgirls by rvvrappirigia' whitei' ': cl()th arfeundhisbod^ and porsonatingaghost-.' ' All ran butoae, wiiopiillod oiita roy6lver, and ? ; fired six balls into the head and, 'body. '/At » .'?.-.. the first shot the ghost full, but she continued firing. She then went homo and related, the circumstance, und 'patties .returning .to., tho , spot found lifo completely extinct, .'too, balls ,' having pcrforatud.tho forohead, .and'thoollioc ;. ,;? fodr.tuo region of thoheiu't., . . ' . ' ; : , (TnB.TRijKOUAi'H ik GiiiNA.-^-Americari 'entori '??.?:?? pi'iso is soon to conati'uet a tologrftph -lirife'iri ?'? ?'? China, improvitig.tiho advautago of the grant ' ? ? recently obtained from the- Qhineso Govern- ?;?-.- i ment through Mr. Bnrlingh'auio. Th'6 .'com- ;' pany is inoorporatoil under the laws :of - the Stato'of New York, with a- capital .. of , 5,000,000- dols. :,Tho Now York. Shipping- ' . List says ??':— 'Vl'liia line will tonch| the groat cities of Canton, Macao, Hong Kong, Svvatow, . Amow, Wau Chu, Ningpo, flongtchoau, 'anrij': Shanghai, whoso aggregate annual, forejgn '??- commorco is computed at 000,000,000 dels, with a domestic ?trado that cannot be 'even, approximately . estimated. -Each . of .thesti ? cities has a largo residont foroigu mercantile- ?' population, who would at once employ- tho ~ telegraph, while the acute Chinese 'trador.v ' - would most likely do tho same to sustain, themselves, thus rendering next to certain tho . immediate success of the undertaking', Tho foreign commorco of .China .amounts ' to 1.600.000.000 dols. a vear. and : is concen trated at 'the ports named. Vast as- this may appoar, there is no reason to doubt that- ' - . it will greatly o'xpand, through the vivifying influence of steam and tlief telegraph, which; : as in more ciyilisod countries, 'aro destined to go hand in hand. The completion of tho. outerprise, at which wo have thus, briefly ..' glanced, is promised within a year, when, it ? is understood, the line will bo extended to Pclcin.'. . .'? . :-:: '????????:. A strange and horrible Boi'ios of crimes is ' reported from Switzerland. A young woman, acting pi'ofossionally as a nursoj is accuaed 61' having- poisonod from time to time hinfl .patients who had beou committed to her caro. What renders the matter more remarkable is that there seems to bo a total absence of motivo for the . crimos. In no case has she, ; l'obbo'd hor victims, nor ha3 she inhoritod pro perty from any of thbm. Moreover, she is said to bo of a respectable family, and to be possossod of sothe independent moans. Sb£ is about' 85 years of ago, and spent sometime in a tritining1 school' for 'nurses at Lausanne. She was for some time afterwards sojourning at Vevoy, in an 'establishment presided over '- by an eminent occulist, to whom she had onco complainud that one of her eyos was posverless._ He was unable to discovor any cause -of this partial biiuduess, and at length satisfied himself by an experiment that she had beon docoiving him. -Some persons con-' l^urposo of obtaining possession of bolladohna and atropia, two poisons, which arc employed for tho oyO3. On settling at Geneva as a nurse sho speadily acquirod the repiitutibu of possessing a- good deal of medical skill. She was most atteutivo to the sick over whoso couches she watched, and treated thorn wUh much tenderness. She was called to an es tablishment for sick and infirm persons, und it was not long' before tho mistross of tho house and her daughter died of , a disorder to which the physicians wero unable to give a 'name. A French artist rosid iag at Geneva next called her in, but though he was speedily seized wil.h norvouf agitation, he fortunately weuried of her ob trusive attentions, and dismissed her. He recovered soon after bur loavinghiin. In the next house into which sho waa called two per sons soon died, and a third, having taken a cup of tca'fi'oin her, the nurso remarked to a servant, ' That lady 'has the saniecomphiiiit as your mistress had ; sl\o will dio.' This lady wasspnodily seized with an illness which her medical attendant declared to be the result being interrogated respecting the drink burst into tears and douied all knowledge of it. ? Although she was not yet suspected, sho thought proper to disBappear for a timo and went,- it is said, to the Cantondo Vaud. Some time afterwards, however, the artist above alluded to, who had his -suspicion's at first, mot hor ou a public road and discovered lici* dwelliug. IIo also found that 'silts ' had re cently committed a fresh crime, and lie' had : her arrested. The prisoner has been tried and son te need to 20 years' hard labour. ? The Melbourno ' Loador.' says :— The banks have boon so spoiled of late years by the' ability to declare large dividends that they cannot quietly settle down to the contempla tion of moderate profits. They have appa rently resolved to adopt the Quaker's maxim , —with a slight alteration— ' Make money, safoly if you can ;. but, make 'money.'.,' Either they cannot, make money fast enongh. to satisfy themselves, or havo become involved : by making injudicious advances, and aro ready to incur great danger in the hone pf being1 ttblo to iivort a Btnaller loss. Two or 'throe of the banks want to go into tho mortgage lending and pawubroking Iine3 of. business, while another, tho Colonial, is ambitions of doing business as -brokers and commission agents. They benevolently offer to advance money tb squatters on. wool without taking tho , precaution of having a- merchant's 'liamb.dn the bills of exchange, thinking thei'oby, wo , . presume, to add tho merchant's to their own , * bunking profit. Of bourse if they take the V risk thoy should have tho profit, but is it right .that a bank should take such a risk i* ? If thoy wore trading on their. ovVn capital, - they mig'ht make ducks and drakes of it, but; -,i% us tlioy are dealing with' othor peoplo's funds ? thoy are clearly wrong in taking any iriorb than the ordinary banking risks. Thos6 financial acrobats are risking other folk's necks, and thoy must not bo allowed to do it-. Tho Parliamonli will hi-vnto spare, time i-S ,?- ? look tb it ; tind it is exceedingly probable ' that on inquiry it will' bo foand that instead of 'offering further facilities to the banks, it ???? will, bo advisable to oiirtail some of those ?-' already enjoyed by them. There is a ppssi- .' bilityj ho^yevei', that the polonial Bank, will-, | be arrested in its courso by tho romoiistrauced , of ' the siadrehblders; One of the diredtbr.sj - Mr.'M'Baitij hasprotested against thd Bohomdi ' ? adopted, arid his retirement from the1 directory -? ? will raiiie the whole questioui ? .'?::.-. ; .:'.:- 