ENOLISEH 81.tPPtIG I00 TIIHE POT OHPF BISBLE. ItRamsey, ship, 809 tons, Weeks, cleared for London. Flying Cloud, ship, 1186 tons, Owen, loading for London. Thorso, barque, 490 tons, Lowe, from London, dis charging. Mary E. Ray, barque, 460 tons, Laker, from London, diseharging. Prooymatia, barque, 868 tons, Jarvis, from London, discharging. Aberdeen, barque, 374 tons, Law, from Liverpool, discharging. Margsret Falconer, barque, 651 tons, Scott, from London, discharging. Cyruas, barque, 319 tons, Jones, from Liverpool, discharging. The seizure of the schooner Daphne in the South Sea Island waters by H.3M.S Rosario a few weeks ago, for having on board a large number of Islanders supposed to have been kidisapped, hais created a good deal of interest in all thle colonies. Thie seized vessel was taken to Sydney, and the oticers and supercargo sre to be tried for man-stealing. The real facts of the ease are not yet known. The Vangoanul Chronicle makes the following re marks on the subject of" efoori heads" :-" Thus wrote Colonel Whitmore to thle Defence Minister, after ho had paid £50 for the Ihead of Nikora, over which he said Nikora's wife wept bitterly. It now appears that Nikora, so far from being killed, was not even wounded, and that according to latest adviges, he is actively engaged as To Kooti's fighting general. Rangialho is also in the land of the living, and without wound or scratch aelively engaged against us. Te Kooti's wounds also turn ont a myth, and instead of "every man of note being killed," tite £50 paid for a head said to be that of Nikora hIas been paid for a head foisted upon Colonel Whitmore as that of thie fighting chief, which is still fired upon hIis shoulders. Tthus much for "heads," but itill we indulge thie hope thlat the three brought in by Kemp and his men are those of the chiefs mentioned, and that unlike thlose of Nikora and Rasiugiaho, tOheir ghosts will notagain arise to laugh at our beards, and defiantly whirl thle toma hlawk in the faces of the afrighted settlers. As a general rule something like an inquest should be held upon heads for which a prioe is offered, thalnt no spu rious articles may be pawned off upon the Colonial Treasury chest at £50 a piece, whlile they are intrinsically worth no more titan tihe powder and ball expended upon them. We believe it has been shown tIhst considerably over a ton weightofammunition has been expended for every Manorishotduringthe last six or seven years. The cost per head at thlat rate is very considerable, and before we pay from £50 to £1000 for Iheads we should adopt measures to ascertain that the article paid for is genuine and not spurious. In fact there is considerable danger of a trade in tite sale to Government of spurious heads springing up." A LAuGE FAxr.'--The Kfasning News states that a Mr. James Eggins of Jones Island hlas aecepted the Soripture mandate " increase and multiply and roe plenish thie earthll." Last Sunday hlie was presented with his tenty-JFirstf c/dld-a circumstance snfliciently remarkable to be noted. Sixteen of Mr. Eenin's chil dren are still living, and six of them regularly attend thie Croki public school, wlhle a seventh is eassistant teacher itl a similar institution on OxlCey Island. 