News and Notes [BY A SYDNEY MAN ] Tuesday, April 27. I HAVE read somewhere of an American editor who, having got into difficulties, had to announce that in future his newspaper would only be published semi- occasionally. On a simi- lar plan of arrangement, it would appear, a cer tain publication called The Ohost —presumed to be the organ of Mr. Martin, Mr. Parkes, and Mr. Piddington, but not nearly so remarkable for brilliancy as for spite—comes out in Sydney, at uncertain times, and without premonition, like all ghosts I suppose. By the way, while referring to this publication, which no doubt most of your readers have seen, but which some have not, I would call attention to the novelty, in these colonies, of the cartoons, which, are etched after the style of those in the London Tomahawk. The butt of the caricaturist seems to be Mr. William Macleay, who, in last number, in the character of Caliban, is conducting Hart and Dignam, to the piping of Ariel, to the spot where Robert son, as Ariel, is announcing their coming to Mr. Cowper, who appears as Prospero. The infer ence is obvious; but after Mr. Cowper'b late pnblio declaration, it seems scarcely probable that he will again eater political life. To come back, however, to the point of departure, I was about to say that my communications are as much semi-occasional as the issues of the American journal, or the appearances of The Ohost. I am sorry enough for this, but it cannot be helped, and so here we go again into the business before us. When I was in Brisbane last, and gazed with consternation and awe upon that tremendous ■word which the Usher of the Black Rod car ried—not an ordinary " cheese-toaster," but a cut and thrust glaive apparently—l little thought that it would ever be used against that amiable and peaceful citizen, our mutual friend, Dr. Hobbs. The account of his arrest by the formidable functionary alluded to; his apparent terror of the black hole at first, and his subse quent recantation of apology and defiance of the Usher, have all been published and commented upon here ; and I think that the three scenes —"The Denouncement," by Mr. Douglas; "The Arrest," by Black Rod; and "The De fiance, by Dr. Hobbs, after the manner of Ajax defying the lightning, withSirMauriceO'Connell, of course, as JupiterTonans, would form excellent subjects for historical pictures to adorn the walls of your Legislative Council. But the business ont of which all thishubbuboo arose was the most extraordinary part of the whole affair. That a gentleman of Sir Maurice O'Connell's experience—a connexion, if I mistake not, of the great Irish Liberal—should seek to limit in any way the power by which the representa tive of the Sovereign, acting under the advice of Ministers responsible to Parliament, might be enabled to save the country from the domina tion of a hateful oligarchy, was indeed sur prising. The proposal was a grand mistake, and lam very glad that it was rejected. I hold, for my yurt, that the nomination of a House of legislators for life, taken of itaelf, is an utter abomination, un justifiable by anything but a reference to the feudal ages ; but, accompanied by the power of checking tyranny by the appointment of ad ditional members, under responsible advice, it may be made a most useful institution, and it is here gradually winning for itself respect and confidence. As to all the talk about the "swamping" that took place here at the in stance of Mr. Robertson, in the year 1861, gentlemen who make bo much of that do not fairly consider, or do not fairly put, the whole facts of the case. I know all about it, for I was in the secret of the political movements of the time, and was in the Council Chamber when what has been called " the disruption of the oligarchy" took place. And rare fun it was to see the queer muster of new " Lords" entering the Chamber to be sworn, and poor old Sir W. Burton hurrying out of the Presidential chair, while Captain Towns shouted, with voice as Btentorian as if he were dispatching a boat's crew in search of a whale, " Follow your leader." I own it would have been no joke but for the peculiar circumstances of the case. The fact is that the Legislative Council was in articulo mortis, and expired a few days after, as it would have done also if the new members had been sworn in. This fact made all the more repre hensible the obstinate resistance of a few old Tories to what was known to be the desire of nine-tenths of the people in the colony; and of course they had to yield after all. lam no Republican, but for that very reason £ should like to see liberality and moderation exercised by every " Upper House" under British insti tutions ; for any man must be as blind as a mole not to Bee the signs of the times, and that one false step of a serious character would imperil the existence of even the British House of Lords. Most of its members Bee this them selves, and many of the best of them, instead of standing up for obsolete claims, are doing their best to make themselves acceptable to the people, lest the storm should come in their day. Sir Robert Mackenzie and his family left Syd ney last Saturday afternoon, in the Rangatira, far Melbourne, en route to England. The scene was a striking, and in some respects a touching one; for although Sir Robert never shone as a politician, his personal worth en deared him to all who knew him, and for my part I had known him for about five-and twenty years. A very large number of the friends of the family assembled on the poop of the steamer, and when the time came for casting loose, there was a regular scramble for last fare wells, which were affecting as regarded some of the ladies. As the steamer moved off she was greeted with three hearty cheers, and the friends all remained on the wharf while the vessel swung up the harbor, and, slowly coming round, steamed away down the stream. During the whole of this time the waving of hats and handkerchiefs was incessant, and kept up most vigorously by the ladies, who leant over the ship's side until the Rangatira passed out of sight. We have news by telegram to-day of her safe arrival at Melbourne. The Great Britain sails for Liverpool on Tuesday, May 4. You will see from the papers that the wretch Te Kooti has been at his murdering work again, having attacked a pah defended by friendly natives, whom he induced to surrender under promise of quarter, and then slaughtered. Three Europeans, with their children, were also murdered. I am very much inclined to think that when the news of all these butcheries reaches England there will be a reaction in public opinion, and a strong advocacy of the sending of Indian troops to the rescue. It is horrible to think of the valuable lives that are being lost. In connection with this, I have lately seen a photograph portrait of the unfortunate Major Yon Tempsky, who was shot from ambush and afterwards mutilated, some time -ago, by the kindred fiend Titokowaru, and it is impossible for anyone to look upon the countenance of that man without being fully convinced that he was, as repre sented, a hero. A friend of mine, who has himself been a soldier and a valiant officer, knew Yon Tempsky in Mexico, and is always most enthusiastic about him. "With his sword in his hand," he says, "he never knew what fear was." What a pity and a shame it is that such men should fall in a miserable and ignominious conflict like that with the New Zealand cannibals. The last telegram from Melbourne with New Zealand news says that the Duke of Edinburgh was at Wellington, and was to proceed "to Melbourne " on the 18th April. This is of course a mistake, and most likely Nelson is meant. I cannot, however, avoid mentioning a strange rumor that meets one on all sides, to the effect that the Prince is really coming back here be fore proceeding on his voyage. I can find no foundation whatever for the rumor, and do not believe a bit of it; but mention it because it is so general. We have got a new " Mare," as His Worship of Paddington not long ago called himself; but time alone can show whether we have benefitted by the bargain. I almost begin to think that "Mares" are obsolete. Mr. Charles Moore having resigned and gone home, Mr. Renny hat been elected ia bis place. There were several candidates, but none of very notable superiority. The news of the Carpentaria gold-fields is exciting some attention here, but there is a great want of accurate information, and the Brisbane papers are eagerly searched for further particulars. 