Town Talk and Table Chat. Somnambulism Extraordihary.— We beard of a remarkable case of somnam bulism which occurred the other day, when a young man under its influence walked from Evandale to Campbell Town, in broad daylight, and was quite aston ished to find himself in the latter place on returning to his senses the day follow ing. The Banks.— The Banks will remain open t-day as usnal, in consequence of the closing of the English Mail at 6 p.m. this evening. They will, however, be closed on Monday. Fluke in Sheep.— We luve received from Messrs. Walcb Brothers and Bir chall, a pamphlet entitled 'Fluke in Sheep.' What it is. Why it is, and How to get rid of it. The pamphlet con sists of three letters on the subject, which appeared in the 'Mercury,' in January and February, 1868. HomeSeeia.ls.-W6 have received from Messrs. Hudson and Hopwood, a copy of a London publication entitled the 'Penny Illustrated Paper,' which is truly a literary marvel, both with regard to its price and contents. The engravings are admirably executed and very profuse. Recorder's Court. — The Recorder's Court will open on Wednesday next, the 31st inst., at 10 a.m. The session will be but a short one, as there are only four prisoners awaiting trial. Yesterday being Good Friday was ob served as a close holiday, and services were performed in tho various churches and chapels. Those who were inclined for out- door amusements had delightful weather in their favor, aud were able to gratify their various tastes iu the health affording pursuits of fishing, boating, &c.; Me. Cansdell's Seat.— We under stand upon what we consider good authority, that Mr. Cansdell's resignation may be expected by the next mail from Sydney. It is time, therefore, for the electors of the capital to be looking out for a good candidate to follow up the vic tory of Monday last.— Tasmanian Times, Return of Messes. Melvyn, Linly Noehan, akd Bent.— It will be seen by advertisement tbat these favourite artists have returned from their provincial tour, after having been successful iu attracting crowded houses to witness their pleasing entertainments. They announce their readiness to meet their pupils next week. Pigeon Shootiso Match.— A shooting match took place yesterday at tbe Sir William Wallace Inn, Franklin Village The results will be given iu our nex issue. A Cool Customeb. — A fellow in the garb of a person of some pecuniary mentis niif Or linen QAfi'/inc *t*m«nJ l.i« *._ be in vulgar parlance a '? snob,' called in at the City Restaurant a few days ago, and, with a patronising air, ordered sup per, and selected ham and eggs from the bill of fare. Bestowing a high meed of praise on the quality of the viands, he desired that a second supply of eggs might be brought, which he likewise die patched. His keen appetite not yet being appeased, and Ma fastidious taste requir ing further gratification, a third relay was ordered, but doubtless thinking the expense the most unpleasant part of the affair, the worthy made off, without even deicuing to thank the waiter for his polite attentions. Seriously, did not the fellow deserve a kick ? Death or a Vbteban,— On the 20th instant, there died at the Clarendon Hotel, Sandy Bay, Francis Harris, Esq , R.N., at the age of 71 years. Referring to the death of Mr Harris, the Mercury of Mon day eays:— 'The deceased entered the British Navy at a very early age as a boy before the mast, He was on board the frigate Shannon at the time of her cele brated engagement with the United 6tates frigate Chesapeake, and for his share in that action was promoted. At the time of the long peace, Mr Harris, with many others, left the Navy, and for some years past has been in the employ of the Im peria[ Government or this colony. Mr Harris was much respected by all who knew him, anJ had received several testi monials in appreciation of tbe performance or bis duties in the various situation! he has filled. Specimens ol t. e class of old saltg of which he was a good example, are now getting very rare.' Horse Stung to Death by Bees.— A singular and fatal ni*ni/1anf t/\ « h^~n» !?„„!_ \- s? ? -— ?» — '?'-?Mm*w v\i a, u\Jl DC \j\JUn. place at Mr Butler's farm, at Redesdale Victoria, recently. From tho Kyneton Observer we gather that a man in thfi employ of Mr Pool had occasion to tie his horse up to Mr Butler's fence, and while there the poor brute was attacked by a swarm of bees. The insects fastened upon the tortured animal and literally stung him to death, for he died within a few hours in dreadful agony. In rollin/j about on the ground, in fruitless attempts to get nd of bis tormentors, he utterly ruined a new saddle. We are sorry to say that his owner is a poor man, and can ill afford the loss. The Way they do it in Viotoria Selections under the Forty- second Clause —A selection of lands under the 42nd clause took place at the Board of Land and Works Ofhce. The allotments to be selected were most of them in tbe parishes of Nillumbik, Nunawading, Wandin Yal loctlcnng, aud parishes unnamed on tue won. home sixty or seventy selectors were present, most of them farmers gardeners, and settlers. Nearly all h&i; their applications granted; none were allowed to select more than one allot ment. Areas applied for varied from ten to eighty acres. Some of the applications were granted subject to conditions of alterations for roads, &c.; A Man-of-W»r Aground.— One of the apparently most attentive auditors at the Supreme Court yesterday, for a consider able time, was a sturdy-looking seaman of tbe Galatea He made his way into the seat next the jury box, and, leaning over the front, listened witb a grave face to all that was going on ; glancing now and then towards the Bench as if to assure himself that their Honors were also as attentive as they ought to be. Whether honent Jack quite understood tbe nature of this array of bombazine and horsehair before him it is difficult to say, but he looked just as if tbe argument or a dull new trial motion was a thing as familiar to his ears as the boasswain'a whistle- As Mr. Butler waxed more and more eloquent on the interesting question of 'alienation,' Jack grew, 3 possible, still more attentive. Mr. Pilcher followed on the same side, and Jack was still an apparently highly interested listener. But— alas for the honor of her Majesty's Navy, Supreme Court '.—all of a sudden there was a most awful crash just such a noise as might be supposed to result from tbe fall of one of the Galatea's guns into her lower hold. Jack had fallen to the floor without a moment's warning. The eloquence of the Bar in the discussion of this 'lively' question— coming pro bably after a heavy dose of beer or grog —had been too much for him* The officers ?f the Court were aghast, and one of them rushed eagerly towards the scene of tbe catastrophe. The Chief Justice hinted quietly tnat it would be better to leave tbo fallen warrior where he was, without disturbing him ; but the quiet hint was apparently unheared by the anxious officer whu managed to get Jack upon his legs again, aud to whisper the expediency of gaining an offing with all convenient speed lest he should find himself expose to the fire of a battery which had hitherto been masked. The advice was not unheeded, although there was nothing like a sur render of nautical self-confidence in the mode of acting upon it, for ere he suffered himself to be led to the door, Jack set his cap firmly upon his head and glanced with a half-contemptuous, half-pitying look at both Bench and Bar. He retired, however, without saying a word ; quiet was immediately restored, and Mr. Pilcher went on with his argument.— S. M. Herald, March 20, A Pack of Cabds Explained by a Soldier.— A regiment of soldiers being quartered at a market Town in Yorkshire were all at churcb oue Sunday, and when they pulled out their Prayer-books one of them pulled out a pack of cards and spread them before him, which was ob served by the whole congregation, The sergeant bid him put them into his pocket, but he would not; so after church was over they took him before the mayor, who asked him the reason for doing such a thing in church, when he told his worship that the regiment had been on the march for six weeks, and that he had only 6d per day to find him meat, drink, and washing, and that he could not spare any of it to buy himself a Prayer-book, but that he had a pack of cards given, him, which he made use of when I look at the ace it makes me remember that there is but one God ; the two reminds me of Father and Son ; the three reminds me of Father, Sou, and Holy Ghost; the four of the four Evangelists— Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John ; the five of the five virgins which trimmed their lamps (there were ten, but five were foolish and watched not) ; when I look at the six it makes me remember that God made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day rested ; the eight reminds me of the eight persons that were saved in the ark when the world was drowned, which was Noah, his wife, his sons and their wives i the nine reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed, for (said he) but one returned back and glorified God : the 10 reminds me of the 10 com mandments.' Then he took the knave and laid it aside, and took the queen This (says he) puts me in mind of the yueen of Sheba, who came from the uttermost parts of the world to hear of the wisdom of Solomon the king , the king puts me in mind of the God of I.' 'u» ''orge, wnom 1 serve. Then he took the knave. ' This (says he) put me in mind of our sergeant who brought me before your worship, for I think he is the biggest knave in the company Now (says he) when I reckon them up by dots they make 365, by which 1 know there are 365 days iu the year ? when I reckon them up by numbers there are just 62, by which I know there are just 52 weeks iu a year ; and when 1 put them up by four in a parcel there are 13 parcels, by which I kuow there are 13 months a year. So your worship sees that a pack of cards serves me for Bible, Frayer-book, and almanack ;' upon which the mayor gave him a crown, ordered his servant to giv« him a good dinner, and told him he was the cleverest fellow he ever saw in his life, and so discharged nim. Specimen or Wheat.-A bundle of wheat containing 58 stems and as many ears, the produce, it was said, of a single gram has been shown at Daylesford. Ihe steams were 4jft. long, and the ears rTu'-i « sPeclmen w«s grown by Mr Robert Rowe, of Comoora, who has nearlv a quarter of aa acre of the same kind o{ wheat. It seems almost incredible that so many stems should spring from one root but there was no deception in the matter. —Argus. 