N£3WSOF THE WEEK. Thp' following is the form of oath that is taken and subscribed by new members of Parliaiment before entering upon : their ' legis lative! functions :— 'I — ; — ; ? — do sincerely promise and swear that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to Her'Majesiy Queen Vic toria, &s; lawful Sovereign of the United Kingdom of Great Britain, and Ireland, and of this Pro vince of South Australia, dependent on and belonging to the said United Kingdom ; and that I wi'l defend her to the utmost of my power: against all traitorous conspiracies and attempts whatever which shall be made against her person, Crown, and dignity ; and that I will do my utmost endeavor to disclose and make known to Her Majesty, her heirs, and Successors, all treasons and traitorous con spiracies and attempts which I shall know to be against Tier or any of them ; and all this I do swear without any equivocation, mental evasioB, or secret reservation, and renouncing all pardons and dispensations from any person or persons whatever to the contrary. So help me, Gtod;'' . The general half-yearly ijaeeting of the New Cornwall Mining Company was held at White's Masonic Hall, on Friday, July 30 There were. 20 shareholders present, and Mr. W. G. Luxmoore occupied the chair. The Chairman- said in -justification of the recom mendation of the Directors for a call of 5s. per share,*payable in two instalments of 2s., 61. each, it had been decided to appoint a fresh captain, and they had decided upon Mr. Thos. Prisk, a gentleman of great experience, and who had been engaged by Mr. A. Hallett for the English Company. He stated that he (Mr. Prisk) had visited the mine, and had gone over the works, and furnished a report iu which he spoke most favorably of the pros pects of the mine ; arid the Chairman expressed a hope that although the share holders had been paying a considerable amount of money upon tlw mine that it would, as he believed, now turn out to be reproductive. Mr. J. M. Solomon, in moving the adoption of the report, called attention to an item of £808 standing as a balance upon two unpaid calls ;on shares, and remarked that in looking through the acoounts, he had found the names of several large shareholders who, when they considered that the prospect of the mine were not as they would wish them to be, had quietly forfeited their shares. He strongly deprecated such a course : being allowed, as it had been ruled bsfore the Local Court that unless such a share holder was duly served with a notice of for feiture, he might, if he thought fit, step in again when thingB appeared more prosperous. Mr. T. Haldane seconded the resolution, which1 was carried.- Considerable discussion then took « place upon the question ^ forfeited shares, and - - ? ; Sir. S/Raphael moved, and tiie Hon. E. Solo- 1 mon seconded ' That it be an instruction to the Directors to take immediate steps to legalise all forfeitures which have been made.' Carried. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting. : . - : ' ' ?.:?'?? On Friday afternoon, after tb,e rising of the House of Assembly, a deputation waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works in one of the Committee-reoms to present a memorial, praying for the opening up of the Main Eastern* road. - The deputation consisted of the Hon. John Baker, and Messrs. Townaend, M.P., and , Plavford. M.P. Mr. Townsend read the me-: ,r- - morial, which represented that a piece of road,' 'T about three miles in length, required to bo : made, 'without which the road could not be ' t used for through traffic. He. pointed out -how _ -. ..- very inconvenient and expensive it was for the ' ' people of' Lobethal to have to go eight miles ' further round to .get to; Adelaide than they , ? -. would have to travel if this Eastern-road were opened right through. The other members of ^ the deputation urged the same point and other : : considerations also. It was stated that the cost of TnaiHrig the gap passable would not be great, and that all the expensive, work' had been got over in those parts of theroad, which -had al ready been made. The Commissipner said tha memorialists and the members of the depute- ?'-- tion had made out a good case, but he was very:- . . ,} apprehensive that the state of affairs would. not. _ permit of any grants being made for roads except : : what was handed to the Road Boards, unlesBin1 -. .. * very special cases. He hoped, however,Lthat such arrangements would be made during the session ' ' as would enable Vie Road Board to construct r '? about 50 or 60 miles of additional road. He. would, therefore, send the memorial on to the ' Central Road Board for a report on this parti cular : work,, which he thought one deserving notice, and would recommend that early atten- ' .tion: be given to it. He could not, however,' ;?'='. promise that- any special grant should be put on -?. the Estimates for this or any other particular road, because if it were done for this road there were several other cases equally pressing which. . would have to be attended to also. The mem bers of the deputation said there was no other road in the colony, in a similar position to this.': : . The : Eastern-road had always been on the sche- : dulei and had been constructed for a distance at each end, -but was closed to through traffic, because of this small gap of steep and sideling - toad. The Commissioner of Public . Works thought the piece of road between Noarlunga' and Aldinga was precisely analagous ; but, how- : ever, he would forward the memorial presented ? by the deputation to the Road Board, as he ? thought something ought to be done for this road. He also intimated that . there- was an , : amount of £8,000 voted for roads which was yet unappropriated, and he thought this amount would be available for such roads as this one. In the course of a very few days the public will know the terms on which the Great Northern or Port Augusta line of railway is to be constructed. The gentlemen connected with a Cojppany in London, who lately arrived in the colony, have examined the country, and Mr. Wallace, the Company's agent, will shortly -submit a proposal to the consideration 'of the: Government. It seems that there are certain natural difficulties that were not sufficiently al lowed for. in the original estimates ; however the excess will be accounted for, and is not likely to be great. What is of more importance, is the amount of guarantee. We understand that.: Mr. Wallace considers a five per cent, guarantee insufficient to ensure the raising of the requisite capital. We have been supplied with the fol lowing extracts from, letters dated July 22 and 25, received in Adelaide on the 28th instant^ from Mr. Presgrave : — That of the 22nd states ' that there is a very large ontcrop of what there is no question of being the continuation of the. Prince Alfred lode running into the Egmont, Section 3495, four chains west of eastern boun dary, of and in the Mattawarrangala, Section 316J.' That of the 25fch states that ' there is a fine lode going into the Egmont, through the Mattawarrangala south boundary, 'half-way through Section 3160, another of the Matta warrangala property. I believe the Egmont. is a splendid property. One of my chainmen, a miner, has been to-day to look at Roger claim (3480) ; he traced it (meaning, as we suppose, a lode), through. Egmont. With regard to the lode I have just spoken of, running out of the Mattawarrangala, he calls it the most likely piece of country he has seen here.' . On. Wednesday evening, an entertain ment was given at Mr. Unwin's schoolroom. WalkervQle, the proceeds of which are to be ex- : pended in purchasing prizes for the children of - the school. The chair was occupied by Mr. W. C. Belt. The room was tastefully decorated with evergreens, and considering the unfavor able weather, there was a good attendance. The programme was divided into two parts, each being opened with a pianoforte duet ; the first by Mrs. and Master Belt, and the second by Mrs. Unwin and Master Belt. Mrs. Unwin. and Mr. Hughes acted, very efficiently as pianists during the evening. Mr. Hughes sang several songs, and in one of them, ' Not for Josepn,' was encored; ne also witn jhxs. Packard sung the 'A. B. C.'duet This was liked very much and had to be repeated ; in fact, it with a song by Mr. Kelly, 'The Irish Weddirigi' were the geriis ^of the evening. The Iatter: song was encored, as was also ' Finni- ; gan's Wake' by the same gentleman, which was sung in character. A lady amateur very touchingly gave * ' Little NelL' . The same lady, with Mrs. Packard, gave a duet, 'List to the Convent Bells,'. which was much admired. Mr. Farndell and another Kr. Hughes, who sung several times; were encored, the former in ' The Charming Young ''Widow'' arid the latter in ' The moon behind the hilL' Mr. Taylor sang a couple of songs, and Mr. Unwin gave '111 throw myself- away,' and on its being rede manded, substituted 'Good Old Jeff.' The proceedings were varied by Messrs. James Bath and Mr. H. S. Anthony giving readings, which were listened to with great attention and plea sure. The programme was brought to a close shortly after half-past 10 o'clock by the National Anthem being sung, and votes ef thanks passed to the performers and the Chairman.' On Thursday afternoon, July 29, the ordinary general half-yearly meeting of the shareholders in the Wheal Hughes Mining Company was held at White's Arbitration Room, King William- street. Present — Dr. :-: Phillips .{in file chair), and about' 30 gentlemen. The Directors' report and balance-sheet, with statement of liabilities and assets, were taken as rea i and adopted. The report stated that there waa a balance in favor of the Company of £1,301 14s. 3d. : that during the last two months the ore had fallen off in quantity and produce,, so that the prospects of the mine were not quite so flattering as at the last half-yearly meeting, yet the* Directors believed that a steady perseverance in legitimate -work would soon improve their position ; and that two Directors would have to be elected in place of Mr. P. MichelL who had resigned, and Mr. H. J; ? Andrews, who retired by lot. A report received that day from the Captain of the Mine dated July2r, was,readandwas considered satisfactory. Mr. Blackham, previous to the Directors being appointed, said he had consulted the Solicitor of the Company j and he was of opinion that : they would have to appoint three Directors, in consequence of their inability to consider the resignation of Mr. Michell as a retirement by-'-' lot, and it .being' appointed by the articles of association that two Directors should annually retire. The Directors present consequently balloted, and the lot fell to Mr. Neales to re tire.. The following gentlemen were then ap- - pointed Directors : — Messrs. H. J. Andrews, - EL 0. Gleeson, and Wm. Main. The Auditors, Messrs. W. S. Whitington and W. T. -Cooper, were re-elected at the same remuneration as had been given them the previous year. Mr. N. Blyth, M.P., according to instructions he had received, moved that 75 shares belonging, to Mr. Rosen thai, which had been forfeited, should be re stored on. payment of the calls and fines; but the Chairman ruled it could not be brought forward, as their forfeiture had been made ab solute at a previous meeting. A vote of thanks to the retiring Directors closed the proceed ings. Steros^^esdiiig. settlerar ar?3 about |to anB&eMpemkbnts;^witTi^e cultivations* th« .sugarcane ohihe Mnmunbidgee. .. '-'Mri'^S.tifootnagel has been appoinlifed iPft&elsor; d£-5«man aM Freact at; tJi«TftinQa -fipte^op&e.; = ' :/ ; ?' w;y , ?.^;';;* .^'i/^ ^.'W* iave TOcelved reliable information %bat 14 tons of cemeat from Jghoddard'e «£aim, \- oathe-Barossa Diggings, iunreaostieencraBh^d, i andjiddedovereOozs. of -gold, r -: J- :. Messrs/ Wallace & MorrelL the agenta for.tiiePortAD^t»B^wy^Qompany,havere iuiiied frotf' taeir ififlpecfion- -jf the proposed lme3l)ut wearemiiaWe to^tate at present the ii^^;oft^ir,pp6rtoiijthe^Bubjecfc. _. ,' ?;;We; Tmderstand -fchat six: -tenders for fenSdiag 4he SauW Home, Port Adelaide, wre receiredj^thy prices Tanging bom £5,917 4tf^6(^-Vv^^£Keeati.ve;Gotiunittee intend to f«o&]MeM4he -3*neral tfommittee to accept Me. 7. Bejnoias's tender, at £6,350. - ' - ' ? '? ' ??=? We TmdejBtaJidaiBurvey party on Mon day commenced .tbe surrey of? a route for a toM»j»Say from the Northern ft»4«raQrxio:itiie Sxr^aMnxzay,: : -&\- . ire ? ;may.. asaram%,tha- 4s agnpngrt the objects ..contemolated- -;y/|iie,Gp.. vemment during the present^esraon. ,, -,-q ^.=.r : On Monday evening; a TiuHo^'T^fck had been yarded in one of the town' slaughter garis..'madeTit8 escape, 'and in i£s irisrtljciajeet. tfinough the streefe, mshe3.;aiid'knbdkoi down seVfer^ jersonsj some of ?whonitfrer^' slightly brtdBed. fit managed to evade rapture/ and mi&e-;^ way but of town. '\ ' '/.. ; :\\_^'[ '^:X-Jl *,; We mentioned the other 'day thai 4he dredging inabnide-3iad brought up a portion of coral from the inner bar. This, we believe, is the fi^cbralthatiiaB!l»eeii-foundin'!ihe colony. A^iampleotitTb&y; be iseea^t our office. : - ^a&e; 7|3fi«5reteuy 0f the Chamber jot Manofacjbnres, .who furnished us with the recent xeportrof theJCommittee meeting, requests us to state that Mr. Simpson did not offer to sub scribe -£100 towards a fund, but to be one ,of »; somber to subscribe £100, -a £200 to such. a; fond, the interest of which might be granted in bonuBjSs for near products 5n articles of industry.. W» published the report just as it was sent to us,^id now make the correction at the .request of tiheSecretary. '....': :.?'_'../.; .- ;' ?.?- ? , . '; - Sbnstev time ' ago . the Meat Preserving Company requested tenders for i building to be ^ected att^he3?ort, And the result^ was the re-' -jeipt ; of ^variou/s : offers .varying from £1,493 to ^2,393. The lowest tepdsr was not, however, accepted, but rihat second on the list wasUp proved, the preference being ttaacconnted for. ' T&eAcifiiig; Chief Justice drew atten-: tiofitoanimportantmatter3niiheSupreme€ouct ad ^Tuesday, : namely, to. the eehiblishBieiit -of * ? fond for indemnifying the Sheriff of .the pro vince against loss?. m-diBchar^^g the duties of biBAffice; !? -His 'Honor. antkq**tes that before long the matter will-be-m&dv; the subject of legislation. .;? ???'?. a:-, r.-r ??.?'.' ^^&.r^≺,Tini^bjeiy of Run&leTsfcreet;, T^ho JBas«ei3&ed; with J«i 'attack of jjarjdy sis 4jn ijiuEpday, . Jtily 22, died oil Saturday ^morning. .' !ffie^funerai . took place J on Stmday,^ jaod was^ laqgely ^attended. . r Great sympathy; is ' felt for ' the family iiLtheirvery sudden bereavenient.JUi.. Kx&er; Jbai for many years. carried on the b|Ltchering business in Adelaide, and was weU^ l^^laniigenerally ziespeclei ,'.; '-d... '.'.', ?Mr. -Pi Rdymond, aa old and respected resident of Salisbury for many years,, met' with : an ak«ideritson^tur&y; morning, by falling off ii foot-bridgeifeading from one pit of his garden into ?' the others «s '- lie was carrying Borne' vegetables ^to MS^hoaBe. The fall rafust have; be^n some 1? feet, and Mr. OBaymond .came in contact mthTa large root protruomg from7 the bed of tb.«f*sregK Or.'P!sher^wju promptly^ in -attendance, and found that the thigh bone! Uad. been b'rofeen. The Bufferer was it once coirreyedtfn a-door to. his residence, about 100 yatdsfr6m'Che%ridge. '?'- Greal;'«ympathy is f elt for |fc. Baymond, who m a man «f advanced years. - No internal injuries were sustained. r \i cSi^e are glad toilearn that the iquestion ot^iieertenMonwf the'jetiy «t Victor -Harbor' is not yet altogether cast aside ' in' despair, for weibelieve that it will be brought ijefore ^thW Satlxament early^in'the 'ensuing session r in the forhrwf »inemoiial; beating the signatures & nei^y^≪^e principal residentB of thB;Soulh,; Tbehnembiaal'urgeb Ithe very ^reat' necessity' winch ezistsfor the eKpenditure of rthe ^SipjOOO Totesl?foraHie^uTpbse,&'oraer. to Increase ihe fa«atftieB*'T shipping at tiie; rporfc '? Itere ri&e;^ afa»idy3*'3.go6d;-mMnber^of agnatures 'to-the1 mBnaorixl,ca6d wehope that $ iV may have -fhe' effocfeiHiichciB intended.— Southern Argvte^f Caledpnia,; wno^^has, visited -these colonies, j draws a. jsJtrDdng, ;«»ntrasjb, between the renergy^ enferpfise^:3nd process that iave msujked^iie' cai?eeE.of ihe«e tprpvinces,. rwith; ithe sleepinees and stagnancy jQf tjie ^Erench dependency, and urfesj npbn jbiis JFeBowT^bnists ihe fact ihat, white 4^P' average 'yearly yield of sugir in Bourbon u^Q,W0 tons, ..JTew Caledonia con tains ^anareanqf land fit for fiiegiwwth c»f the, su^rrca^e, thr^ it^es as large, as.^hai of; ?^9ie anniversary services in connection wi«if%h*s i&m;&t;&H; ; Methodist Gbiapel P&& Part, wereiield oh Sunday, ^Tuly 25.J fflie; ser-; vic«Jn the morning was conducted tiy^Mr.' J. 3 Phaups, the Rev. a^.H. 'Williams' preaching in: the aftembbn, iana Bfr. W. G. Clponibig in Ihe eveping. :: 'The attendance on each occanon was large, and good collections 'were made. ; On Monday ther^ were tea and public meotingSj botK'iif which' were -numerously attpide^, '^Qie; publicmieetmgwasunder the presidency of the Xev^a. H. Williams, and was addressed by' the ' Bewi^ ©.'Wright. Mefers. jTrPbiBSpsj 0. Pinhegar, 3T. Budd, and others, and closed with the -usual Vetes of thanks. - The jproceeds if the whole '»f 'the services in connection mth the ?nmversary were, we rbeEeye, safifijtotbiyly ': ; ;' On ^Sunday and Monday, J-aly 25 and 26, the anniversary eervices of the Brempton Wealfeyan Church took -place. -Ohr Sunday morningtheEevV J. G. Millard preached trpm James Ist^iap., 25th Terse ; Bev.W. li Binics preached in'ihe afternoon'- Som DameTj 12th: chap. ,* 13th verse ; and in the evening the 3Bev.' G.W. Patchell preached from 1st ^Joha, 3rd diap-5 2nd verse. On Monday the public meet-: ing Was held, presided-ovef Isy Mr. Hack, in the absence of Son. J.-'Goltbni The speakew were the Eev. Messrs. Millaxd, Stoyel ^Bible ChriBUan), Harris (Congregational), and Mr. Gillingham, who delivered excellent -speeches. - xne proceeas or ine anniversary are about pw. Votes of thanks haying been- passed to the; ladifes and Ohainnan, the meeting closed with the ^pxology and benediction. . - : : Seveial complaints hare reached us of the manner in which some of the graves in the West-terrace Cemetery have been desecrated. Onecasein particular has been spoken of , as follows :-rA person wishing «to show respect to the memory of a. departed frie&^if»lanted :-pome violets on'the grave and hadii &&&?:,?&& sub stantially fenced round. Wiei 33faj-ng a'visit shortly afterwards, pur informaat was niuch shocked to find t that some person ;had' most, wantonly destroyed all the floral ?adornings by uprooting the plants. Such conduct cannot be too. highly censured, and if the guilty person could be traced, he would no doubt rbe severely dealt with. An act like this is an outrage upon common decency. , - ., y. ? . : - More specimens of quarfe ? with gold showing in it have teen brought froni the Nil Despetandum, and are to be seen at Sir. Moss's establishment- The lumps of quartz are. large,'' and -very similar in color and general appearance to those recently brought from the Sugar toaf Hyllr'' ' ? .'???'. ? * \ A meeting of the Caledonian -5k-ld Jfining Company was held at the Hotel Sh^ope, on Monday, July 26, at which there was a good attendance of -shareholders. Mr. F. J.Sarider son -was voted *o -Uife chair. Tie articles of - association were read vand adopted. A report fromUGaptain Soghes was received, which was conddered-very; favorable, The following g«n , tleo*san(ware^«lected' Directors:— ^Meesrs. A, Hail, ^.P», W» -W-wlham. B. Amsberg, F» J, Sanderspn, and L. ,,£hibois. , A voteofthankf to the Chairman closed the meeting. - - ' ? -;?;'? 'J'T* - iT; ;???? :. ? ? . ', ?? . . . ' .. ' ? ^Aji jextiaordinary general meeting oi the shareholders «f th«: Wheal Ooglin Mining Company was held at the office of the Companj on Thursday, Ji3ie 122nd inst., to corisiler th« quesMod of 'vtindi^g up the Company. There were 'shareholders -present representing a largt number of shares. Mr. Coglin's latest propo sition was -discussed, when it was determined it wasof such a nature that it conld not be enter tained with any advantage, and efferedL no . in ducement to the Company to continue carrying on operations. It was then Tesolved unani mously that the Company be wound up volun tarily, and Mr. W: S. , Whitdngton and the Chairman pf the /Company were . appointed liquidators. ', ' ' , . ' ^Oi i !tuM3ay aiternbon, ' JTjily 27, a meeting of the shareholders in the Beatrice Qdart* Seef ^Company was held at White's Arbitration Boom, King William-street. There weref about ; 17 .'gentlemen present, and Md Thos.-Breakall pcbupied:the chair. The memo ^rapduni, andArtioles .of rassociation were readj and, with the alterations made, were agreed to, prepaTatory to bringing' the 'Company under th^^Acttof 1864. 'The following gentlemen were appointed ^he ^rst Directors of the Company t ?^-Messrs. Thos. Breakall, W- Safcer, Jas. HiU, C. Sabine, and L. Glyde; and Messrs. G. A. Anderson and T. £. Ebsworth were appointed lASditors.'-'-- ; '? ' ?? L ; ? . ?.;??;;? : ^Oii-HQii'day eyening, July 26, Dooneffs Pan^echn'atheca was exhibited at the Council Chamber, Gepp's Cross. There was 'a laige attendance, and, as an instance of the appreci ation +he exhibition met with, we. may mention that iMr. Dooner- was requested to .pay the dis tricjt'a.visit at^some future datfr. On Tuesday; evening,' July 27, the. Pantechnatheca was sue-' cessfully e^ubited^at the Cominercial Academy,; Eng Willianl-Btreet. There was a very good attendance. - - :: | Ar: Very- pleasant gathering took place on Moteday evening at the Prince Alfred Hotel, ^ the object, being to take a farewell of an oM hand (Mr. D. Bell), in the employ of Messrs., Edelsten '.Jk ..Cp., who. is about entering into, busihess in the country. A capital dinner was provided by Host Aldridge, and after the xequiremwits- -of the -inner man were duly. attended to, the- Chairman, Mr. S. C. Pearson (of Edelsten. & Ca), in very neat speeches, proposed the toasts of -k Her Majesty the Queen,' and 'Her representative here, Sir Si FergusBon,' and made Bpecial allusion to tbe qualifications and sound principles held by him. Mr. O.B. Mitchell, in a capital speech, proposed.' '** The Health and future prosperity: of ttteir guest, Mr. Bell,' which gentleman very feelingly replied.- Drank with enthusiasm. The- following toasts were also given. . in. quick succession by the undermentioned gentlemen, vis., 'The'Employes51 by Mr. T. Jic&li;'*tThet«te*inn'-by Mr. J. L. Healey, and 'Oar Abwnt Fnende' l-y Mr; A. Smart, illAof iwhich'vfereTeplied to in neat and iapprb 3riafe?*peecltes. We may add that amongst' the invited jguesfe were Messrs. M. SSigs-' trough and John.Ballantyne, members of the -ld firaa of 3Cc Arthur, Kingsborongh, & Co., who, 7in very eulogistic terms, spoke of the ^odbnsiness printfeiples and high character of ok /-BeTL During ihe' evening1 there were teyeraJ eongs and recitations ^Iven Tby gentle-; inea,; tte National l&nlhemi; being eiing by the compaiiy, which' brought a very pleasant: and interesting gathering v to a close. —Comm&ni-; CCtted. ''; ??- ' ;'? ' ?' -.- / . f ;? ? ; ..???;'';?; ? \ On, SPuesiiay anfmng enthusiasm en KJhange reoeived a, somewhat ludicrous check.-; Ainot of brokers, fipeculators, and others in terested in mines, Were engaged: in earnest con versation .^bout recent discoveries,^ and ex amining ,differ«nt geological specimens -that were: supposed .to - be metal of one Jdnd or another, when an old colonist, ex-Benator, and Well-known,maniOf business, thought ie would praate- a- diyersion in the scene,' andj taking -u't -of -Ms' waistcoat . , podtet* a piece1' of netallis substance, 'gave - it to a brother sraelite to submit —for 'the inspection of the ^groiip of mining authorities as some thing ^ust found. ' . - -Immediately a dozen mag- ? nuying 'glttnses ' were in requisition, and ail' eyes were bent upon the new discovery. On* declared'it to be bismuth,' another -considered it waa silver witfc a strong' alloy' of somethihg not so'tvaluable, and^thvrs formed varibu? con-; elusions^ till'idne, -acdng on 'the!^»rih'ciple-' that ''the Jpawf- of -rthe' pudding ''is5 fit th^' eating,^ commenteea to bite 'the substance, and another, first wiping it, eabjeefced It to the same %rea1% ment. :?At this point the owner coming upV asieed,;with -well-assumed simplicity, what had happened, attd was sfaowii the specimen; **-$&?-' ^aadiiev^I got that out T myself?' *f Where^P wafa theT query. - - *i It fell out of -my *oJDth:, after being there *o*120'm6n*hsr' ^T3gU\P %£:claimed -ftfl. testers, and«'ro^r of laughter broke up .the Sopnf erence. . i The^matcji^Jje^ween the Adelaide and Military Football, Clubs, played on Saturday iaftef noon, July ^ on the North Park Lands, idrew. together several nundreds of .^jeoplef the delightful , weajther, no doiJbt,' also having, 'a ^reat ' attractive influence. The iespec;ive isldes were,under the .captaincy of Messrs. 'Mat-' icohni and Olphert, and .the understanding was *hat' ihe match shonld be nlaved without regard jo -the ordinary rules, -as the, military, aiot hiving had much practice, , considered them eelyes -at a disadvantage otherraBe. ...The ball iwas' Started at 3 o'clock, and the game' at. once ^became most exciting. The. civilians, whilst showing ponderable skill in.;theis play, had tp bbntehd* with' isome Very rough matiling from their opponents, who. throughout indul^ged. in tripping, hblqUng, Aci, and at', times it would appear to, be .^aore ofra wreswng match, fir. whflst the ball- was Jlh full .play in on& portion of ^fche T&eid;, 'there' Would be severair.cbupiies Struggling ..for the mastery until one of them -wias qbligea' to succumb. Alttougn such 'vio-r; ieift 'means Iwere resorted to by the military, and whicii musjt h'^re been.' most trjing'to the tempers of ' the, civilians, it , was'; pleasing id obserre that -the'match was conducted, on the whplej with good feeling. I'our goals .were gained by^ th^ civilians, '? two. of ..-which were' made'by Sparks^ theJ .third by W.. Samsoa, an* ,thB ; foutth' 'by;;A- ^Qropks. .-The »(p'ay^ wogy' pi'.'/ ilaicOiiii.^la^ ':-' 'iSpawfs ^'Was' „ ihuch admired,- Messrs. J. Hart, 'W. Samson^ Sanders, ; «iidt-ne'Jor Wo *ttiers also aeserving. holice.' The military band was in attendance, and played' several selections of music. . . . - . :.'.' ' - The 'lovers-bf , y^lbcipedesL , will be glad to learn that ,th^£jw3l portly -be^-machine of a new description submitted to public.favor. It is a unicycle, differing-altogether 'from 'the one recently patented, whigh was meant to carry One man/inside,' inasmuch as it is intended to carry two men outside,' at the rate bf something like 16 mile's an' hour oh a moderately level bush track or macadamised road. It consists of a single wb eel, seven feet in diameter, with a seatand windh attached to the centre on each side of the whe,eL - The weight of the whole concern will not be more .than 60 lbs. to 70 lbs. To turn .the wheel once in ??something' less than * second is' considered. ' moderately easy . work, and jas ;every: turn advances 21 feet,,, this .will jget over a mile in a trifle less than' four minutes, or 15 to 16 miles an hour.' ' The Invention js jaot- new, but is copied ffom'an English, patent token out some 15 years ago, which.'.probably Kke a- good many inventions, ' was thrown «,side ap premature. With' the machine' ks-then constructed, which weighed aearlyW-)9)'s;,lt is stated bi-th.eTedr Bcok of -Facts ?tihaj;':**tw6 persons can travel at the rate of 16 ?miles' an hour, and that- so little are the legs called Into play-r flie body being kept at ease, and supported by padded cushions — that the fatigutf of working the carriage 16 miles is not ?m great as that of walking four miles.' The ' mode of guidjhg .the. wheel is the same as a ?person fekating. The drivers lean to the side re 'cfoirjed,' ioid i3iis -brings ' the wheel round in the same w*y: as * boy turns a hoop. To balance, twopersons of different weight?, the seat of the lighter party is moved further from the centre. The idea bears ^ singular resemblarics to that . Hluitrated by Mr. Dyer's single-line railway. Amisetiagbi the Hunt . Uiub was neid at the 'fiaobe Hotel on Saturday evening, July 24,1 to reconsider the arrangementsjfor 'the Club taoes to jcome oH in. October. There were 21 members present, and Mr. W. K. Sinuns, M.P.^ occupied -the, chair. . It was proposed by Mr. W:D. PisTier, seconded oy Ifr; B. Blackmore, and carried, f 'That handicapping ; be done away with at the forthcoming races.' : Mr. E; M. Bagot proposed, and 'Mr^ W. Bladder seconded, 'That the first race be three instead of four miles.' Mr. Blackmore proposed, as an amendment, and Mr... J. S. Turner seconded, ' That the first Trace1 be four miles, as agreed at first meetings' The atnendment was lost, and the resolution carried. ? Mr. Bagot proposed and Mr. W. Bladder seconded, 'That the : second rape be one' and a-half mile' race, in stead of two miles as proposed.'' '. Mr.; Turner proposed, as an amendment, and !Htr. Ward seconded,' ^'-THat the distance1 be two:miles.w . The amendment was carried. - Mr. Turner pro posed^ as a further amendment, and Mr. Low ? seconded, ' That the weights be Ladies' Purse , weights, but that allowance be made sis, to size of horses, and that the standard height be 14^ ' hands, and that 6 lbs. per inch be allowed 'for i all iorses under that height.? Carried. Mr. ; Goblin proposed, and Mr. G.; S. Price fieoOnded, 'That all horses. to be qualified to start in the. two-mile ^at race shall jump a three and. a-half 'feet hurdle to the satisfaction bf the 'Stewards' 'previous to starting in the race ; if after- three' I trials; the horses r refuse, to be disqualified;'^ ; Carried. - . Proposed 'by Mr. .Bagot, .seconded ? by [Mr. Maloney, arid :camed, 'That the third race be a two-mile race j and the conditions the same as for the first race.' Mr.- Bagot suggested, and the proposal was adopted, that the nomina tions take place on the Thursday beforcihe 15th August. „ ?; . ? . ; , i Wijbh respect to the paragraph which ?appeared in our (Kapunda Herald) last as to a lost child, we may mention that Mr. and Mrs.-: Campbell,,- the. parents of. the missing child, jcalled at our office on Monday, and informed us . ?that our account, though substantially correct, {was in error as to the man and woman calling at their place of work; They never saw the man or woman ; but /this, man and. woman called ? iat a shepherd's hut at Pewsuy Yale seeking for jwork sonie time after* their', child was lost, and left a child of. about the same age, promising to call for it thenext day, but did not do so. ;At the time the child was lost information was igiven to the police and neighbors, and a general Search was made through all the district,- so' that had the child strayed away and died some remains would probably have' been found. The ?place where they were residing would be nearly 300 miles from Pewsey Yale. Mrs. Campbell lias shown Us the written statement of the ' person who gave the information which led Ik* her supposing' this ' child to be hers:.— 'At the request o¥ Ma Campbell, I hereby write down a statement of circumstances as' they came under my notice respecting a male ' bhild left at Pewsey Vale nine, or ten years ago; which child Mrs. Campbell has every reason to believe is a, child she lost whilst residing; in the Murray Scrub, about 16 miles from Kooringa, and' supposed from circumRtanceBto have been stolen. About the time mentioned- above, say in 1858 or 1859 (I cannot; recollect the exact date), a man and woman came to Pewsey 'V'ale^ seeking employment as shepherd and-hntkeeper, and had with 'them a very fine-grewn child of about three years old, Btating it was their own! : Not obtaining employment at Pewsey Tale; they left the child in charge of one of the work- : men's wives until they, went to, Tarawatta, dis- ,- tant about .12 milesi -, They, never retiu-nei and , , the child was left on .the man's- fiahds, who' afterwards transferred him ttrthe care of Mr.'' Lndrews, at Wiltiamstown, in whose 'charge ' -the boy isa remained ever since*, . The person , in whose charge the bey was left was, Moses. Bennett,; now residing at Mount Pleasant.^ WM. GeoL TeOTTEB.'; Mrsi Campbell fas we -mentioned last week) . went ; down, to Williams-' town to see the child, but was not allowed' to. do so, and consequently -Sir. and Mrs. Campbell have placed; the matter in the hands of a mem- ? .ber.ort'he legal prof ession. ' ' '. ' .' r' ; The Jffijryboroii^K C^roa?,{cfe«tafees 'that' .an accident' happened to the' Carandinis, at* a place 22 miles from ^ ^ry^orpugn. The coach ' ufas going at the rate;bf about; 10 miles kn hour on a smooth road; when it came in contact with - a tree.. -2^«s Bqsina Cararidini; who was riding; outside for the benefit of the fresh air, was; thro wn' among , the' horses, : but mar vellously ;^caped wit^;- only a few bi^eiB. . Mibs Fanny' Catandini was thrown forward against one of 't|ie bars that support the roof of the. coach, and iid J&r; cheet badly «ut.:r .-. ,-.::!? ' ':' ' Mr.; ipieorge Pannell has just received \ from ? ?Englatid a - parcel ' containing sey;eial' . varieties of: the most 'approved ^sorts of whfeat, ' oats, and barley for experimental ; purpose^ : They have aU, arrived in -first-class ^condition, i: ;aJa^ althpug'h some of .them, do nojJTbear;fayor- ?. ?able coibparison with, our Moimt Gambler grovm . cereals, itfis Mr: ?Pann'eTlV'inTfcerition:;to give them all a-'f air trial, toeeeiwliat effect a chtege ; of climate -may .have .oh them. The yarietieS are :— Wheat-~--3iant wheat. . (raised on Londoh , sewage); Ked InLmmas, 'Roug^C^affi, Sherriffs Bearded, iand Fenlon's wheat.' 'Oats— Pptatoe, Winter, :Whit-e and: Black Tairtar. ' Barley Qulden Drop^-^ Boi-der -Wateh. ?:-? '?:- ?-??; _ Diphtheria appeiars to be fatally pre-; valentin Ballarat and Geelong just now. A very, distressing case occurred recently in Bal lar.it. Three children in the family ^)f Mr. ft. ,Warne, a resident near the Eastern Oval, jiot- ' withstanding the best medical advice procur able, succumbed to the . attack within the. short r space of 4jwb i weeks. ' ' ' - ' '??'-' ' ?-' '?'???- ? ^ We (Bunyiji) were' ^ibyni i)ie, other day at Mr.- Dumeld's offioe a specimen of wheat .soldbyhim to a. Sydney merchant' as long ago as 1861, wMek has been stored in a siloe ever since. .The wheat is as -fresh aud- ^good_-:and_vfree;from.: weevil jaow as it was: when shipped frpni South . Asistialia, . grovinjg t-eybnd jL doufit' tiiat'ihere fe no injury to apprehend from keeping 'wheat if '. it is only properly-'stofed.' -' ' '*. ' '.'? ?'??'? : ? ; The Biinj/ip says':— ** As an 'evidence; of the faittiof the general public iiithe district' .as to '*he~ ultimate j)rbsperity'*of Baroasa,- a new Company is in course mf organization for^ the establishment of fresh orushiner imachinerv, Already nearly 500 shares have been taken up. by .people in 'and arbundTCrawler .and bn,'this'r diggings:'' The shares are: '30s. ones, ihd l,t)Op is ^te'W%lie maximum number.' ' ' -?-'? -- . ' . ~Jl The Southern ., Argy? .sp.ea]ang-ol*the -yeai*er'atiout'8iiratthalibyii ; iays i-?* ;The nights liave'/beenf'intensely coldj ;^rid -t^e 5 frosts so severe 'that in the mornings the ground has- ap peared, -as:, it.ifchere had. been \\.'a good: fallv 'of; snow during the ;preceding;: night ; and at Ihe Tailway; station,, on Thursday^uiopi ing'two 'trucks had to- be 'cleared -of ''the frost 'by 'ia- broom before loading: with goods.. Icej hasalso,- of course, beien plentiful, buckets arid tabs of water, having a good boating on . them of; about an eighth of an inch thick, and in some in stances nmch thicker.' , ..??-.?- ,.': . The folioiring statement from a New.. Zealand paper .proves how much the . success of gold mining- 'in quartz or . any stuff that 'needs crushing, depends upon the mode of operation, the efficiency of the machinery, and the skill of those working it \ — ' We have been informed ' ihat the (Commander of one of the vessels trad- , ing out, of this port, on the occasion of a recent trip |o 'San P.ranciscp, took with-hun' a small jiarcel of quartz taken without prejudice from a quantity-whichhad beba tested at the- Thames by seme of the machinery there, and found to; yield nil, or ; very litfcle more. He had the sample crushed at SauFrancisco, and treated by, the dry process, -when it produced ..gold, at the rate cf 35 ounces to the ton ! . So much for the' comparative value of the two modes of extract ing the metaL There can be very little doubt but that by the imperfect system of crushing, and the faulty, plans in operation . for bringing the whole mass into contact with the quick silver, a startling percentage of gold is carried put into the ' tailings. ' In the Californian ope ration, per contra, the stone is ground to an im palpable .-powder, and proper ..means being adopted to bring the whole of the material into contact with the .mercury by literally shaking the mass up into a kind of dough, it is impossible for airy particles of gold to escape.' ' x The Bendigo Independent has the fol lowing : — ' On Thursday morning, at 2 o'clock, some, persons residing in Barnard-Btreet Sand hurst, were called up by a little girl who said thatlermother had been confined, and was dying. : On haBteningrto,the ,plape : close, by,-, a one- ropmed house, eight feet, by ten feet, a poor woman iiist' -confined was . fouiid lying, on a ?bundie«ijf rags,- there' being 'neither caudle tior food of any kind in the place. As ^obh as a light was procured, a deplorable state of things met the neighboring {woman's eyes. t There were six children huddled together with, the mother on one bed. In answer to 'enquiries, the poor woman said she had been day af ter'day expect ing a remittance from her husband at Ballarat, as she did not wish to be a burden on charity; 3Ehe necessary midwifery having been per formed, some gruel was taken in, when the children all mads a rush- for it — $hey were starving. The habitually reserved manner of the mother did hot lead the neighbors ftr sup pose she was in want, hence their noninter ference.' .':????? ' Surely the inhabitants of Wallarod,' writes the local press, '?'? mil not complain of dulness for .some time to come. . Last '?? week we had no less ; than four live members of Parlia ineiit-^-liesBrs. Olyde, Carr, teyjris, and Hill— Visiting Tis, independently of i5uT resident mem ber, Miv Bower.' Day after day people were busily enquiring of 'each 'other what was -going to happen. People with almost unlimited cre dulity concluded that, the eclipse; of the moon was in some' way connected with their, visit. Others thought .that the' caucus was going to . hold a preliminary Parliapient, and had selected the Peninsula as a site in which to practice its 'prentice, hand. Others of a more stoical, sceptical, or practical turn of mind,- refused to see anything more extraordinary in this : meeting than in that of ^hree magpies or three crows on a xoad. Tliese Matter -urged, and certainly there is some sense in their reasoning, that members of Parliament are, as a rule, harmless sort of people when not on duty, who neither go about scattering benisons nor be stowing malisons. L^ke' policemen, it is said, they are nothing when out of uniform. As ?the session is just approaching; we shall be able to test these various theories, to an extent. If the senators were going about doing good, mak ing themselves acquainted with the wants of the district, storing up knowledge to enable them to so perform their' senatorial duties as to legislate for their country's good, we shall doubtless reap, in due time, if we fail not. ' The following extraordinary ghost story is from a rece.it number of the Burrxtn gong Argw, New South Wales:— 'Jn these enlightened times it seems almost an absurdity to talk about ghosts miking _ their appearance, but the following, statement of what hate be ?fslllea - three respectable men 'residing near 'Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by bur. readers as being no ho ix. The three men referred .to- aa-e splitting : posts and -rails for fencing at a place about four miles from Young, near the Three-mile and the old' puffer Bush. The first time they saw anything unusual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when they were much startled by seeing in the bush near their ;hut' a white object the. size of a pat, but of no particular form. This'ex^raprr dinary-looldng object suddenly before their eyes sprung up into a white spectre about feight'Jeet ligh. They called out; to it, but could* get ho - reply,, struck ijt.with a stick, and it sounded hollow, it also chased two of them one way, and one another. On another occasion they' retired to bed at the usual hour on a calrc still night, went to sleep, slept for ispmp time; and, upon One waking up during the night', he was much surprised -to. find 'that; the. whole of the roof of the hut had been removed. - On looking out they: saw, the spectre, but no one else was, about, and they are all quite sure that neither on this or the former occasion was it either a man or a woman. -Its suddenly rising before their sByes.from aiuere nothing to a heightofi eight feet quite dumbfounded them. Another-, night they were much surprised at seeing a strange, unearthly -looking amtnal somewhat re sembling a dog, with a long chain attached to it.- Thb animal came right in front of the hut, and commenced grinning at them, but made no noise,''' either; by. barking or otherwise,- save the. 'occasional lattlingof h'* chain. . - As the animal ' woiild; hiit'gp-away, one of the men (who' was a good shot) loaded 'a gun and fired the contents . 'direbt atthefbru'te,' but the shot took no '-effect ;upon it. ThB dog, .or whatever it was, remained ,for: -some considerable; time. ;. On -another night the .dog seemed to -have, returned,. f«r. ?they heard the ^rattling of a chain ..'and. -a -noise like what a dog woiild' inake. 'when licking a plate. TJpon'lpoInhg outside, : they saw that a plate which had been left there was in potion, .?bu.t they, could not feed what caused it to he so, although they «ould, while , lp6'kiiig,disUnctlyhearihe.8ame noise described 'above. 'They watched ,it 'for some 'time,' the': ?plate being kept in motion, and the noise being distinctly heard as if the plate was being licked ;by soine animal.:. On ^Sunday- Iastcthese. menr came. into Ypupg, and upon one of the -n return-, 'ingiu the evening hefouTidtiat the door of the 'hut had been -pulled' down,' 'and its . contents ? Drought outside and left there. Two but of ;the ±hree men; aw well* known to TiB,'andwe ? feel confident that what we have stated may be .relied upon as the truth. .-A shepherd ..told 'these men that some time ago two. men who were splitting there ' quarrelled, and one 'killed the other with an axe, and afterwards fell a tree oa him, and that it was nothing extraordi nary for the murdered man's ghost to make its abpea^ance. The^men will most likely be in tpwn tb:-night whfen we snail' hear further par liicularsi' which we' shall not fail to give in our nbxt issue!'. ?????. ? . ?.'?'?. :-'.?--' ? '. The Government have adopted new audit regulations, which will. come into force atonce..': - :.; .?.:.? ., 'j ;_?:?.:. ,..?: - We iinderstand that Mri Wilton Hack nas been appointed-teacher 'of - drawing -in the aiewrWesieyan 'College ut Kent Town; - .'?? The ' Goveijnmentr laVe 'remitted iiie penalties 'inflicted 'on; Messrs; 5t!obiti,''fe/* iteSles i siuier for violations of CuBtomB'regulaiJibns. ; At'an adjourned niceting of the City ;Cpuncil -hiVd. Ion- Wednesday af ternoon, July ''28/the City- Central- Market rigulAtions were -read.and adopted, and the Council adjourned : .till Mpnday,' the 9th prox.' ; ;. ' ; ' *'-It is Tinderst60d,?' states the Wallaroo :2yiaes, 'ihat- the Mbonta Company has cufra lode of of? on its property, supposed torbera continuation of Bowers'^ which; appears to -run : directly. into the claim 6L the Hainley Com pany.'. ?'??- ' '[ ''- '' ' ,'.- .,' ''_ '.?.' ? ' We i unders^nd Mr. Holthoiise, Clerk 'in the Ypliuj'teer Offiee, Has-.been. transferred to the Audit Office for temporary employment, ?to assist' in bripgirig up certain arrears in the -accownts; 'Mr; aolthouse will be succeeded by 7a mijitary ctei k wearing uniform. ? : We are. requested to^call attention jbo the advertisement bf the Balhannah Mining Company, warning persons against trespassing on, or stealing bismuth ore from, the sections of the'Cpmpan j,- - Skmples of ore -from this pro perty hVve been taken from the Exchaoge, and ,he Directors are very properly determined, if possible, to [put a stop to such practices. In a letter to the Riverine ? Sercddt authenticated. by ihe writer's signature, occurs the ' following*, passage :— ' I have had : some years' 'experience on the mines of this 'country, iCaliforni*, and South America, and I have no hesitation in saying that the vast plains round about Echuca are pregnant with rich leads : of gold, richer probably than any that have liitherco' been discovered in Victoria.' . The Government, in their- efforts at economy, recently determined.that the stables at the I'olice Barracks' should not be lit with gas, but%ithkerosine, and accordingly a large lkmp- was sent down ' for the purpose. The Ikinp was carefully hung, and during the fii'st evening b?iroed very well, but on entering the stables on the following morning it . was dis covered ithai the lamp; had 'burst, or by some -means fallen, and that .rthe :kero3ine had been burning ^Spon the ground 'within an inch or two of the stiawisoinposingthe bed of one of the hordes. Had- the 'straw caught fire the conse quences, might litva j:een. most alarming, for not o'nly 'would 'the whole of the barracks have jeeh on imminent danger, but ;also the Desti tute Asylum , as well as. a powder magazine in rather - unpleasant ? prdiomity. Practising economy at such a risk scarcely, seems judicious. However, we understand, the stables are 'again lighted with the Company's gas. On Tuesday evening, July 27th, there was a very large audience at ihe entertainment in aid of the building fund of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, at the Town HalL Port Adelaide. The Bight Bev. Bishop Sheil presided; and the Rev. T, E. T. Woods deli vered a lecture on 'Sir Thomas More, 'which, being treated by the rev. -gentleman in an in teresting manner, elicited much applause. The Port Artillery Band enlivened the proceedings by playing several airs. The drawing for the prizes of the Art-Union Lottery took place during the evening, when about 300' prizes were awarded. Those gentlemen banded for the pur pose of enjoying the old English pastime of hunting have now an .opportunity of abolish ing the terrific pace after a tame dingo, for on boarding the|Pekina on Thursday morning the jolly old chief tofficer; Mr. ' Shuie, assured us there were two^'real bull terrier foxes' on board. On overhauling the specimens, it ap peared a gentleman named Bean, returning from a visit to England, brought on board a pair of cubs, which hive most wonderfully im proved during the voyage, and are an excellent prospect for those enterprising Nimrods who grace the hunting field. : On Tuesday night a case of sticking-up occurred in Morphett-street. A Miss Bridle had been spending the evening with some Mends in Waymbuth-street, and was returning 'home, when a man with his hat puiledover his eyes (by way of disguise) rushed, but upon her from the side- of Mr. J;. Mellor's premises, rudely caught hold ef her, and in agruff voice, demanded her money, at the same time .threaten ing to take her life if she did not comply, or made any noise. Having no money about her she asked that she might be allowed to go away I unmolested. The person detained her, and said | he could not takeher. answer, but moat .see- for himself. He threw his arm round her face in such a manner as to prevent her crying out for 'assistance, and pulled her down whilst he pro iceeded to search her pockets. Finding that there was no money to be got, he told her she might go, and again cautioned her in very strong language against raising an alarm. The poor girl hastened home as fast as she could, and was. ;sp overcome with the treatment to which she had been subjected, that on arriving there she [almost fainted, audit was some time before her ifriends could compose her. i The West Coast TimesTmB the following instance of canine sagacity :— ' Mr. J. Iropas started from Koss on a certain, morning with a packhorse load; he arrived at, his destination, rthe head of the.Mikonui, and on V-^ return, was [overtaken by a snowstorm, which caused him to stray from the track, arid after wandering about for jgome time through an -extremely rough country, vainly endeavoring to regain it, he sat iown with the unpleasant feeling that he would haye to pass the. night in that, inhospitable region. His gloomy reflections .were disturbed by.hearing his dog howl. He called him, but te refused to come. On his proceeding to the ^pot the dog moved onward, still keeping up his ?previous howL At this unusual conduct of the dog his curiosity was . excited, and he imme iiately followed his trail, and after doing so for - ibout eight hours, had. the satisfaction, of finding himself upon a well-beaten track, and he reached home, completely exhausted, about I o'clock on ? the following morning, leaving bhe horse about, four miles in the bush tho roughly knocked up.' He says, that had it not been for his faithful companion, Jhe doubts very much whether he would have been able to find bis way back.' :?' : | -The news from 'the Darling by this week's mail is to the effect that that river is falling fast. . . ' . -T .,. ' , ! W© 'understand a special meeting of the 'Caucus,' or, more euphoniously, ^'the Con stitutional Party,' was held on Wednesday evening, to talk over Parliamentary matters. The gentlemen who assembled, for this laudable purpose are determined to keep their own coun sel^ and^crueUy refuse, to admit the press i» tiieir confidence, so we are unable to report to our, readers what was done. It is rumored, nevertheless, that after weighing Mr. Strang ways and his colleagues in the balances, -they lirere not found, so far.' wanting as to encourage t ae notion of a^wantPf confidence motion which li aa' been talked about; - The Caucus men, we' 1 ear, . though, professing ,nn c- very, enthusiastic love for the present ilinis try, dread the advent ojf thoBe w,ho would rbe likely to succeed them, apd choose rather' to.; 'bear the ills they, have,' &c; ? ;- ; ? ©tiring ;the recess '6? Parliament fh'c Legislative Chambers have been re-paiuted and renovated, . and now present quite a new and pretty appearance. ; The': Legislative Council Chamber has been. painted with a. salmon or flesh color, and in the Assembly Chamber the former light green paint witt which the walls were covereiiUhas beeri superseded by a neutral tint, which improves the appearance of the hall vpry much. The rribs or jjanfeisof 'the ceiling are colored with darker paint, which consider ably enhances the. effect. We may here mention that during the absence of Mr- S.~ P. Creagh; on leave, Mr.'-TJ Ward will officiate in the As sembly as Assistant Clerk and Sergeantat Arins. ????'. r .?: ? ?? ?? -. ] One of our early colonists and wealthy farmers, residing went of Adelaide, has been selected by some, clever rogue as the victim of certain financial operations, of which we may learn more anpru The gentleman thus made fijeeiwith figures' ag the acceptor of certain bills of exchanee. his name havine. of course, been forged. One acceptance is for £36. The most curious circumstance' is that the gentleman honored with this - special- preference ? never accepted a bill of exchange; in his life J : We hear that Mr. W; 3'. Morris, who for -the past:twelv.e- months . ?has filled the situation of .Assistant Storekeeper in the Rail way department; lias tendered his resignation to th'e 'Engineerrin- Chief. The GrpvernmeDt ' wpl::ios'e''a ^Very energetic and . trustworthy, servant in- 'Mr. Morris. We understand that: *4e office iras been filled.- . : j ??'. ?- '?' ' '?-=. ??? |' The'bldest man in the world'' has just died ibi Poland. . H« wasnained Semen, and lived in Ppdolia, on the estate of the Princess Cretwer tikska. ? Heiecouated the events of 1767, when 'he was' a soldier. Hff had just entered his 139th \- year. ' . . Le piecte says that at 8ft .his hair was quite white, and afterwards became of a brown ^ |On the -Seitse: -of Pain.— The sense of pain in the moutli guards the throat ; in the stomach it jaffords -a warning against improper food ; and, in fact, every part of the body is susceptible of pain, 'wherever that sense is necessary to in dicate 'disease or injury ;,r but the Jheart, the 'brain, 'andrthe lungs, 'although the most vital organs, are protected from injury by the sensi bi ifcy of the exterior parts -of rthe body, a high sense of pain in them is unnecessary,: and they .'ara- almost insensible to it.'' The heart beats Si] iwards of 4,0t)0 ^imes in an hour ; and if the jwin^from a diseased1 heait were very «cute, .it wi »uld indeed be sad for the sufferer ; but the ?pt in from a disease of that organ is; seldom more than an uneasy;. sensation, and this 'more especially .after violent exertion,, being a check to unriepessary: 'action, and so far usefuL Sadden dealli of ten occurs from disease of the heart; not . from the heart being suddenly diseased., but from the disease causing very little' piio,. and being therefore unknown. The brain, although the' source of sensation, is itself insen sible to pain ; in surgical operations portions of the brain 'have ;' been removed without the patient exhibiting any sign of pain. The lungs are highly susceptible of impurities in the air ; and thus we are guarded against the inhalation ofjinjurious gases;, their sensibility during in flammation indicates the danger, and compels the necessary care ; but they are almost insen sible to pain from mutilation or decay ; in such cases the sense would be useless, and an afflic tion. The lungs have bee a cut without causing pain, and during their decay in consumption the pain 'is very 'little; — By a Pht/sician, 