"SPIRIT PHOTOGRAPHS." — American Artisan. FOR some little time past a New York City photographer has driven an active business in the production of what he terms "spirit photo- <*> graphs," in which faintly outlined figures— said to be those of departed relatives and friends —are Men attendant upon the picture* of liring Bitter*. This proceeding baring at last been brought to the notice of the authorities in the form of a charge of false pretenses, many curious items have been elicited, both as to the credulity of human nature and the numerous ways in which photography may be adopted to the carry ing ont of an imposition of the character indi cated. Of these latter the following were men tioned as fully practicable, by a witness :— • 1. A glass with an image on it of the desired spirit form may be plaoed in the plate-holder, in front of the sensitive plate, so that the image on the glass will be impressed* upon the sensitive plate, together with that of the sitter. The size and distinctness of the spirit form will vary ac cording to the distance between the two plates. 2\. A figure clothed in white can be introduced for a moment behind the sitter, and then be with drawn before the sitting is orer, leaving a shadowy image on the plate. This v known as " Sir David Brewster's ghost." 3\. A microscopic picture of the spirit form can be inserted in the camera-box alongside of the lens, and by a small magnifying lens its image can be thrown on the sensitive plate with that of the sitter. 4\. A glass with the " spirit image" can be placed behind the sensitive plate after the sitting is completed, and by a feeble light the image can be impressed with that of the sitter. 5\. Ihe nitrate-of-silver bath may have a glass side and the image be impressed by a secret light, while apparently the glass plate i« only being coated with the sensitive film. 6\. The " spirit form " can be printed first on the negative, and then the figure of the living sitter added by a second printing, or it can be printed on the paper and the sitter's portrait printed over it. x 7\. A sensitive plate can be prepared by what is known as the " dry process," the " spirit form " impressed on it, and then at a subsequent I time, the portrait of the living sitter can be taken on this same plate so that the two will be developed together. This result the witness had several times obtained by accident, having Tised one of these dry sensitive plates for a land scape, and forgotten to develop it, and then used it again, and found the two intermingled. 