THE POPERr OP 'RITUALISM j OR, : romanism in the church op england (By John Search .) No. XII. Our. last article contained a list of Guilds, Brotherhoods, Confraternities, &o.;, for the purposo of showing that the Roman ism of the Church of England is not con fined to her Canons, Liturgy, Rubrics, Homilies, Articles, or to the writing of lier Bishops, College Professors, and Priests, but -to be found in active opera tion in almost every town and county of England, — found, '( seeking by various associations and means, to Romanize the British people; that the various accessions from the Church of England to Rome, are the results of well-planned, deliberate effort, and that although all this has been going on for years, that Church professing as. she does to be the " very bulwark of Protestantism," has yet never, as a Church, taken one single step for the purpose of ending those unseemly and wicked attempts at prosclytisni. The quotations we give in this paper, are intended to show how near to Rome men may approach, and yet remain minis ters of that professed bulwark of Protest antism, the Church of England ; — to what extent an English Church may be transformed into a Romish Chapel, and yet all concerned in the transformation remain in full possession of the.authority and emoluments of this professedly Pro testant establishment. That we have not mis-stated the inten tions of the Ritualists, the following will be sufficient to prove. The first is from The Life of Dr. D. Wilson, Bishop of Calcutta; the second is from one of Bishop & Brine's charges — Beginning with tradition, they go on to justi fication by infused righteousness, the authority of the fathers, the Cutholic Church the inter preter of Scripture, salvation by the sacraments not by faith, tho snerifieo of the Eucharist, absolution, sin after baptism almost irremissablo, apostolic succession and episcopacy of the essence of tho cliureh, prayer for tho dead and invocation of saints, tho use of tho crucifix, extremo unction, celibacy of the clergy, tho infallibility of General Councils, the power of the koys, the indopendance of tho Church upon the State. Bishop O'Brine, after speaking of the doings of the Tractnrians as " ruischevious fopperies " says But ours are no ordinary times. We live in times when the design of nnprolestantiziny the National Church has been openly avowed, as the great aim of the most active party in the Church; and when, even in a quarter where the designs of tho party are most cautiously spoken of, tho Church of Borne is represented, not only as possessing much that is Catholic in -common with ourselves, but not a little also of wliieh the Reformation has divested us, and which it is confessed, there is a longing to re-appropriate." These words were uttered seven-and- twenty years ago, and still this unpro- testantizing is allowed to go on, nay to be pushed more vigorously forward than at any former period. Surely the Church of England; must herself be responsible for this. That the reader may be: able to form some opinion of the terrible extent of tliis Romanising, we shall next quote from a book which may be regarded as an authority by Ritualists : — " The Directorium , . Anglicanum being a manual of : directions, for tho right cclebran j ot'" "the Holy Communion, for."?-S|V:;.saying of Matins and Evensong;' " afid for the performance of other 'rites. and ceremonies of the church, accoifiiagfio \the ancient use of the Ohurc7i(Fpfiariidl<fi ith plan of chancel and -or- naments of the chib|gaa.b':itho minis ters thereof at all times of their minis trations, (as) shall be retained, and be in use as were in the Church of England, by authority of Parliament, in the second year of the reign of King Edward the. Sixth." Second edition. Edited by the Rev. Frederick George Lee, 3):C:L.7 y.s.A., Lon. and Scot.,; Chaplain to the Right. Hon. the Earl of . Morton, etc., etc. London : Thomas Bosworth, 215, Regent Street, 1865." This is the entire title to a remarkable book, splen didly, got up, beautifully illustrated, con taining about 400 pages and published at 25s. A third edition has Tecently been published, price 14s. We will first of all give a brief selec tion from the acoount this book givesTof the ornaments of the okurch, described as lawful. ornaments. Saorarium or Sanctuary ', (should contain)! An . altar with a'supor altar. An altar cross or cru cifix Two altar candlesticks. Two standard candlesticks. Candlesticks for additional steps or ledges. behind the altar on great feasts.. Slower vases, Antipendia of five "(sacred " can onical church colours. A super-fontal which may always bo red. The corporal— enclosed in the burse, or corporal case. A paten. A clialicc. One silk chalico veil and pall, Ac. Chancel.— Symb >ls of our Blessed Lord's Passion, &c.;, a rood screen, with crosses and lights, <fec. For Nave. —'Tables of Commnndmcnts. (Noto. — There is no authority for placing them east of the chanecl. If, however, tho table of commandments is sot up cast of the cliahccl, it should bo distempered in scrolls upon the walls, thus making no construction necessary for thorn, and allowing them to bear a part in the decoration and colouring of tho building. ( ! 1) They should bo as small as possible in size and quite undemonstrative.) The Royal Arms of England, which should he p'accd in nil uuconspicuous place, and of small dimen sions. Funeral palls of various colours. A processional cross for the dead. Paintings and images of our Lord, our Lady, tho angels, saints, <fcc. (At page 7(5 of tho Kalemlar quoted in our last, thero is a symbol of the Holy Trinity, given wc suppose as a model to copy.) The Sacristy, otherwise the Vestry, (among otlior things should contain) A portable altar. Altar hoad-cuttcrs. Altar head-irons. Altar canister. .-Processional candlesticks. Torches. Processional crosses and staves. Flags. Ban ners and other decorations. Churchyard crosses placed on the north side of churchyard, &c.; Vestments and Insignia of an Archbishop or Bishop (Fucharistic) . Buskins. Snndnls. Ainicc. Alb. Girdle. Subcingulum, olh -rwiso sash or succinctorium. The pectoral cross. Tho stole, worn pendant, not crossed. Tho tunic. Tho dalmatic. The gloves. The ring and guard. The maniple (after the confteor, according to the Roman rite). Tho chasuble. Tho mitre (of throe sorts : prctiosn, uurifrigiate, simplex ! !) Thp crosier (Archbishop), or Pastoral stnff (Bishop), the rocket. Tho grenial The enppa magna. Tho cope. Tho surplice. Tho pall (Arch bishop). Tho chimcrc. The cassock. In the vestment department, from which the above aro given, we have counted fifty- five difierent articles, of which the book contains a full and particular ac count, including material, colour, quality, size, cut, make, appearance, and in fact, the whole minutia of the matter. Surely this cannot be the " modest apparel'' of " the bride, the Lamb's wife," but must be the gear of " the Mother of Harlots." But the reader is desired to restrain his indignation as we have not yet reached the climax. The following will be found on page 245-6 under " various benedictions." Form of blessing the holy water. The Fxorcism of the Salt. — I cxorciso tliec, creature of salt, by the living God, t hy the true God, f hy the holy God, t by tho God Who hy tho Prophet Eiiseus, commanded thee t to be cast into the water that the barrenness of the water might be healed, that thou mightest bo salt exorcised for the spiritual health of believers, and be to all who take thee health of soul and body, that all delusion and wickedness, or crafty deceit of the devil, and every unclean spirit, may flee and depart from the plnce in which thou art sprinkled, abjured by Him, Who will judge the quick and the dead and the world by fire. Jt. Amen. Benediction of the Salt.— Almighty and Ever lasting God, we implore Thy great mercy, that Thou wouldcst deign of Thy loving kindness to bless f and sanctify f this creaturo of salt which Tliou has given for the use of the human rqco, .that it may be to all who take it health of mind and body, that whatever is touched' el- sprinkled hy it may bo freed from all unclean-, ness and may he defeiidcd from all attacks' of; ghostly wickedness, through our LoubJjisus- Christ. B. Amen. c".;:U Fxorcism of Water. — I exorcise thee,-- crca't'ur6; of water, in the Name of God thii!PATHEK AL mighty, and in the Name of Jesus-Christ-His Sox our Loud, and in tho virtue of -the' Holy Ghost, to become water". "exorcised to chase away all power of the enemy, aii'd to he able to uproot and overthrow the ..enemy himself ahd his apostate angels -, by ' tho virtue of the ; same Lord Jesus Christ' Who will come to judge the quick and dead and the world by fire. 22. Anion. Benediction of the IPa/ei-.— Gon, Who for the salvation of the human race, hast hidden even Thy greatest Sacraments.j|ithe substance of water mercifully hear our.. supplications,: and pour upon this eloment, prepared by divers; purifications', the virtue of Thy' Bless fing, that Thy creature obeying Thee in -Thy.' mysteries, may hy divine grace be ' effectual; for casting out-devils and for driving '.aW&yvHiseascs.-; that whatever in tho houses or places of the faithful this water has sprinkled, may he cleansed from all uncleanncss, and no freed' from bale, that there the breath of pestilence, and the de stroying blast shall not abide ; -that' all snares of the enemy who lies in' waif -may ho dis persed, and that whatsoever idoos despite to -tile safety and quietness of-Thy servants may flee by the sprinkling: of thisiwfeterV that health 'may- Bo Sought by' thq in vocation of. Thy Holy Name, .arid may bo'ilefcri"dcdrff onif al I assaults, through our Lord Jesus .Christ. 12. Amen. Then shall the Consecrator cast the salt into the water, and shall say, — This mixture of salt and water together is done in the Name of the Father,' and of the Sox, and of the Holy Ghost. 22; Amen. Then shall follow the Benediction of Salt and i - . Water toaether in this wise, . — : V. - The Lord ho with you. It. And with thy spirit. Let us pray. .O Almighty God, tho Author of victorious' power, King of all kings, magnificent con queror, Who crushost the strength of adverse ride, Who overcomest the bondage of -the enemy, Who vanquishest all hostile wicked ness ; suppliant and trembling we beseech and implore Tlieo, O Loud, mercifully to accept this creature of salt and water, and of Thy loving kindness to illuminate and sanctiffy it with the dew of Thy blessing, that whorevcr it shall ho sprinkled, hy the Invocation of Th? Holy Name, all malice of the unclean spiri may bo driven away, and the ' terror of. tho Venomous serpent he chased far hcnco, and that the presence of tho Holy Spirit- may he vouchsafed to us in every place when we ask Him of Thy tender mercy, through our Lord Jesus Christ Thy Sox, Who livcth nud rcignoth with Thee in the unity- of tho same Spirit, one God world without end. 12. Amen. The following will be" found on page 267-8 : — The gospel being finished, the blessing of the flowers and branches follows, hy a Priest (rested in amice, alb, girdle, red stole, maniple, and cope. Tho stole is violet according to the Roman use), vested in a red silk cope, upon tho third step of tho'altar, and turning towards the enst, the palms and flowers having been previously placed upon tho altar for the clergy but for tho congregation upon the altar-step on its south side. - I exorcise thee, creaturo of flowers and brauclies ; in tlm Name of God the Father Almighty, and in tho Name of Jesus Christ His Son our Lord, and in the power of tho Holy GnosT ; henceforth thou wholo might' of tho adversary, thou whole army of Satan, and wholo power of the enemy, tlioa wholo inrodo of evil spirits, be rooted up and pulled out from the creatures of flowers and branches ; that thou pursue not with thy wills tho footsteps of tlioso hastening to attain unto the grace of God. Through Him "Who shall come to judge the quick and tho dead, and the world by fire. R. Amen. Again : — And vouchsafe to hlf ess and hal+low these flowers and branches of palm and other trees ; that whosoever shall carry anything hcnco in obcdienco to Thy power, may be sanctified with Thy heavenly blessing, and he found meet to obtain tho remission of sins and tlio l-ownrd of Eternal life. Through Thee, Jesus Christ our Saviour, who livcth and reignctli with tho Father and the Holy Ghost, God for ever and ever. 22. Anion. This is either very sublime or very ridiculous ; the reader may say which. It is however, a fair specimen of Ritualism as it now exists in the Church of England. We could fill the Standard for weeks to come with passages strong as any we have yet given, but we think every im partial reader will be satisfied. There is one thing it may be well to put in as clear a light as we can, that is, the extent to which this has proceeded, or, in other words, the real strength of Ritualism in the Church of England ; lest some church man, who has more zeal than knowledge, should conclude that the number who adopt, as far as circumstances will allow, the Directorium as their guide, are few and far between. The Oxford and Cambridge Re- view for January, 1848, has the fol lowing; — Already confession is practiced to a consider able extent in oiu- Church. It now prevails m a great lumber of our parishes. A vast body of tho clergy aro impressed with a sense of its importance ; ninny, probably, are convinced of its necessity. It is not often urged in sermons, but it is recommended privately to tho most religious of the pal ishiojiors, and it is- accepted by them- in numerous instances thankfully. Conybeare in his Essays Ecclesias tical and Social, published in 1855, tells us that thero are 18,000 clergy of the Church of England and classifies them as follows : — Normal type f"Evancelieal"J ... 3,300 Exaggerated type (" Recordite") 2,500 Stagnant type (" Low and Slow' 'J 700 Normal type (" Anglican"; ... 3,500 Exaggerated type (" Tractarian") 1,000 Stagnant type (" High and Dry"; 2,500 Normal type, (subdivided into " Theo- retrical and anti- theoretical"; 2,800 Exag'tcd type (concealed inlldcls; 20 I Stagnant type ... ... TOO And about 1000 peasant clergy in tho mountain . -districts, who must bo classed apart-. Tho twonty-eight Bishops and Archbishops of En gland aro divided in a somewhat different ratio, -viz : — thirteen belong to tho differont shades of High Church, ten to tho Broad Church; and —five to tlio Evangelicals. Since' this calculation was made the Ritulis.ts.have greatly increased, and the Evangelicals, have greately decreased. The' following . is from The Electic Review tor October, 1866;. Ouc thing jve acoept as certain; the Tractarian or Ritualistic party, in thoChurch of England, is hoyond all comparison tlio most powerful religious party in these realms ; what wo call Evangelical Low Churchism has now dwindled down to almost noz-cxistant insignificance ; this has been abundantly shown at tho Church con gresses ; and when death shall remove, which wo pray may ho long hence, that' eminently use ful ancl admirable orator, Dr. McNeil, unless some miriclo bo wrought in its favour. Low Churchism may be considered as consigned to tho vault. Its bad temper, narrowness, and, perhaps, with the singlo exception of Mr. Birks, its ignorance has made it a deplorable failure in its mission to English society, &o.; The following isjwhat the Directorium itself says __ Now, however, the work of (reform and re storation in the question of external worship is going on with; remarkable success;' Enquiry \- generates further enquiry, and the result of en quiry. has been to enlist a large number of learned and earnest men in the good: work; so fiiat even in the most neglected: dioceses and parishes of England some approximation, to . greater decency—some outward and visible improvement is taking place. I Now Wo tbink the reader has the s'ub- jpot sufficiently before him. Wc must there fore for the present leave him to his ojvn > - reflections. In our next wo shall com mence to sum up the points already stated, and try to ascertain to what conclusions they.lead,_ ; 