Ml, LTLLEY'S SURPLUS REVEtS'lDi. 3 k any ndtlilionnl . cool's were required iu the North as to the necessity for Separation, they havo been amply provided by the late debate on Local Self-government. Convinced, like everyone else, that the present attitude which the .North and South havo assumed towards each other cannot endure without bringing legislation to a dead-lock, the Ministry have devised _ a pltui which has the peculiar merit of landing the question into a re-duet io ad ah- surditm, and driving all reasonable people to the only practicable alternative — Separation. Wo have already referred to tho obnoxious clause ot tho Bill, which we reproduce, lest it may have faded from tho recollection of our readers, namely,— -"From tho consolidated re venue fund of Queensland, actually received cluriug the preceding year, there shall be de ducted the costs, charges, and expenses inci dent to the collection, management, and re ceipt thereof; also, the annual interest of tho public debt of Queensland, at tho time of the nnssing ot the bill ; also, all the oilier costs, charges, and expenses of the Oo\ emu/Cut ami Parliament of Queensland, and all suelt other sums as the Parliament of Queensland shall, from tiino to time, deem it necessary and pro per to deduct, for national purposes. The balance of the actutil receipts of tho colony, after such deduction, shall be divided over the total population of the colony as ascertained at the last preceding census, and the propor tion ol the whole per head of its population, allocated to every established district under the bill. J'Yom the sum so allocated shall ho deducted the annual interest upon tho public debt ol the district, contracted under the pro visions ol the bill, nnd the balance, after de ducting any sums payable to Queensland, for Advances or other charges, shall be puid to the treasurer of tho district, for tho purposes ol the Local Government." AYc can scarcely comprehended how so crude ami silly a plan as that propounded by the Pitiamcu could have emanated train (lie merest sucking poli tician. It certainly hns no parallel in colonial politics, and resembles nothing so much as Pitt's celebrated " Sinking Fund." 'that great Statesman, wise almost in everything else savo this extraordinary hallucination, being induced by a knot of'scheming I'man- ciors to beltevo that a small sum of money annually set apart, would by means of inter est and compound interest, soon accumulate a fund sufficient to extinguish tho National Debt, succeeded on tho strength of such re presentations, in inducing tho British nation to borrow vast sums of money. It never oc curred either to him or them, that the Fund upon which all their hopes were based, could only come into existence after all the annual wants ol the nation were satisfied, and that il even such a html was formed, it was liable to be appropriated for current expenses on the very first emergency. Experience soon taught them that nations wcro very much of the mind of tho sagncious Irishman, who de- clined to muddlo away his income in tho pay- ! menfc of his debts, and when after Borao 20 years, tho political economists demonstrated tho futility and unsoundness of such a scheme, it was discovered that no such fund had over existed except in Pitt's spoouhes and tho people's credulity. -Such would as suredly be tho Into of the annual rovenue- wltich Mr. Lit, r, tor so kindly proposes _ to hand over to., us. It is only to accrue after tho demands of tho goneral government aro satisfied ; and does ho real I v imagine thut wo have formed so low an idea of tho ingenuity, not to say cupidity of our Southern rulers, as to suppose that they would admit tho ex istence ol' such a surplus? Tltcy havo tho majority, in fact, command tho House, niul what more easy than by a simple voto to dcclaro G-yiupio Bonds, and a net work of Darling Downs Bailwnys, legiti mate charges on the general government — and this it is evident I hoy will do — etso why the apulicntiou lor the fresh loan which is admitted to bo for tlieso vory pu- poses. What hope would there bo of retrenchment whilo oven tho ghost of a surplus was within reach of tho harpies who swarm in our great metropolis? llow many excuses might not bo from year to year devised to account for the non payinont of money to tho expectant Provincial Governments? Acknowledgments might be made of Debts to bo paid iu bettor times, paynblo on convenience, or on tho ad vent of tho Greek Kalonds, for wo may roly upon it tho North would never get a shilling IVoin such a source. But even if tho plan wcro workable, it is far too roundabout to be either useful or politic. Wo all know how natural it is for corporations to split into cliques, and what amouut of wastefulness mid corruption in money mutters they aro capable of unless restrained by an active pub lic opinion periodically stimulated by the visits of tho taxgathercr. What then mitrhfc bo ex pected of a body which received its income in a lump sum from the public treasury, and could spend it without the dread of being constantly brought to book by watchful and inquisitive ratepayers. Money got iu this way invariably becomes a eoutrc, around which all kinds of jobbers cluster, niul wo have only to recall to our minds the way in which the proceeds of our numerous loans havo been squandered, as an illustration of the system that would soon spring up in pelly" Provincial Governments. Tito whole thing is absurd, and as wo have remarked, tends to make clearer and more distinct tho only in tiled v for our grievances. Tho re jection of Mr. Lu.t.ev's Bill, which wo regard as inevitable, will forco our lead ing politicians to look tho question of Separation fairly in t'te lace, and unite the North as one man in demanding it. When this is tho ease, all minor obstructions, such as Settlement of Accounts, Adjustment of Debt, and arrangement of boundaries, will vanish into thin air. Tltcy aro only chimeras to those who shrink from di. cussing thoin, and we shall take an early opportunity of shewing that when tackled with a will, they arc capable of easy solution. 