CORRESPONDENCE, f ':' r: . diggings at the cape of good hope. TO THE EDITOR OF THE Mi A. MAIL, Sib,— i forward herewith copies of letters re ceived from Mauritius and Natal. Believing the perusal thereof would be interesting to the bulk ot your readers and have a spocial interest for those in :this locality where tbo writer was generally known, I have been induced to forward them for publication. — Respectfully yours, J. A. JAMES Mauritius, Nov, 22, 1868. \- Dear Brother,— Terra firma once again after a .passage of 45 days from Melbourne — cost of passage per Nightingale, £12 to Mauritius ; we have another " fiver " to fork out to reach Natal from here. Our party, six in number, is made up of one German, Swede, Scotchman, Irishman, and two English; of course, we are all strangers. i don't think one had seen the other previous to coming on board, but we have determined to try our luck together (good .luck be it, say 1). After reaching this port we stayed on board for a couple of days, till the skipper gave us a hint that he preferred our room to our company. i think he said the quioker we got ashore the better he'd like it. We considered .that sufficiently pointed, and so cleared out, and . hired a room amongst the s!x until we could make a start. The news hero of the goldfield is not bad, ..at the same time.it is not very glowing. There is evidently some truth in the reports we heard in Victoria. So far as i can learn here Natal is not a .bad place for a working man, independent of tbe goldfields. A word or two concerning Mauritius : I don't know what other people, writers included, may say about it ; in fact i don't care. i shall just give you my own notions. i could sum it up in a very few words by sayjng as i have sometimes .heard you speak of places/-that is, call it the a more definite description. Tobegin, it is one of the most unhealthy places under the sun, as many as 300 per day have been oarried off during these last two months, and during tho last season sixty thousand were taken away by the fever. i thought Victoria could boast of a mixed population, but nothing compared to this place. It would take a sheet of foolscap to enumerate the different races. My first impression on landing was that i had been accidentally dropped in Constantinople. There is such a number of Turks and Arabs,; there are also thousands of Malabar Indians, Hindoos, negroes, and blacks from all quarters of the globe. - Nearly all the shops are kept by Chinamen. The only white faces i saw (or nearly so) were a few English officials, about tho most upstart pups i ever had the ill luck to fall across. If they had roughed it as "you and i have done, i guess and calculate, as brother Jonathan says, it would take some of the starch out of them. The women appear to carry the whole of their wealth about with them, in the form of jewellery. i remember being very muoh : amused at Du Cbaillie's description of an African .prinoess, who wore a nectie and nothing more. Many of the Mauritius ladies appear to wear jewellery, and nothing more. It would cause no small commotion in Collins Street if a few of them .were to put in an appearance there some fine after- . noon abuut three or four o'clock. "Pat" calls them " haythens " and " nagurs," but as nearly every- one here speaks French he is not likely to offend anyone. . . . . , , , Living is moderately cheap, i shall write you immediately we reach Natal. We Btart in a day or two. I don't care how soon. Natal, Dec. 16, 1868. I arrived here on the 12th inst. : i told you in /my last that Mauritius was dreadfully unhealthy. ."Three of our party were laid up with the fever, I fortunately escaped. We were detained a few days in consequence, but it matters but little I am sorry to say, for to our great disgust we found that nearly all the reports that we had heard regarding the goldfields were d---d " lies: The so-called diggings have been worked by 14 men for twelve ; months, during which time they have only knocked; out some 3oz of gold — distance certainly lends enchantment to the view — for few here appear to know anything about the diggings) . One large: merchant of this place has evidently been the cause of circulating so many false reports. He showed us some. quartz from which he said he could get; 60oz to the ton, which i am sure -would not go a pennyweight. i think the fellow must be cracked, for he allowed us to try a prospect of them, and; after pounding and washing a dishful of the most likely looking stone, we failed to discover the ghost of a speck, nor could we find a single colour, on any of tho lot he had. If ever a fellow deserved lynching he certainly does, and i should not mind making one to do it. Most people are of the opinion - that the two specimens that were sent home came first from Australia ; at any rate, nothing like has ever been found here before or since. i had some conversation with a German banker, who told me "that an English prospecting party, formed on the 'strength of the aforesaid specimens, was expected to arrive in the course of a few days, so i have decided on waitiog their arrival, Tho diggings are no end of a distance up-country. Quite a Burke and Wills affair. No provisions the last 400 miles. No chance of swagging it here. It will cost about £40 per man for the purchase of waggon, bullocks, provisions, etc, consequently we have thought it advisable to hold on a week till the prospectors make their appearance, and then try and join with them, In for a penny in for a pound, we are come so far , and are bent on seeing a little of the country, but whatever you do stay where you are till you hear from me again. Do all you can to prevent Viotorians coming over. You could not get anyone to leave Natal for the diggings if you paid them. I bear there are some old Otago diggers here, but i have not been able to drop in with them. Again I say stay where you are. You remember Mount Hope rush (or Mount Hoax, as it was called). There is a good deal of ditto about this affair, something, riot quite the pure merino. By the way, I tried to get a job at my trade to pass time, but it wouldn't wash. The Kaffirs work for next to no- thing, 12s per month and two feeds of sweet potatoes a day; and as for living being so very cheap, you can live as cheaply in Victoria as here. Fruit is about the only cheap thing i have seen as yet— 3d for 30 peaches, and the same amount for 10 melons. . . . . . i will write as soon as ever I can get a chance of doing so. i wish i was back in Guildford again ;—catch me coming on a wild goose chase again, that's a;ll - Yours, etc , HARRY WAY. 