TOPICSOFTHEWEEK. Attention is now beginning to be fixed on tbe elections rendered necessary by the Minis terial changes. Friday and Saturday next are the days of nomination for the various , constituencies affected, and the polling, where there is a contest, will take place in the course of the,following week, «o that in a . fortnight from this evening the whole of the results willbe known. The Chief Secretary . has issned his manifesto, which is brief, but to . the purpose. Ihe Ministry intend to submit i no fresh legislation during the present session, but to call upon Parliament to deal only , with the measures now before it which oannot, "conastentiy with the best in terests of the country, be postponed nntil next session." The election addresses of other Ministers have appeared, and are to the same effect as that of Mr. Macpherson. The thick-and-thin adherents of the late Ad ministrationhave been loud in their threats of opposition, but as yet their antagonism appears to have resulted only in " sound and fory." Action has pretty well exhausted itself m one astounding feat—viz., the trans lation of Mr. Rolfe, the enfant gate of the M'Cullochites, from the Central Province to Crowlanda. Against Mr. Byrne it is consi dered Mr. Rolfe may stand a chance; against Mr. Walsh, in the Central Province, it was' admitted by the chairman of bis own meeting he stood none. Poor Mr. Rolfe is really be coming an object deserving of com m iaseration. He is the Jonah of his party. He is made Commissioner of Customs for a mordent, and sinks the Ministry. He pats np for the Central Province, and befoie he is well no minated it is discovered that he has not the ghost of a chance of being retained. Half protesting against the movement, he is carried off to Crowlands, and advised to bit out at Mr. Byrne, much in the same way that a little boy, cautiously shaping at a big one, fa told by the considerate bystanders to go in and win. Like the Douglas who earned the cognomen of "Tineman," it seems only ne cessary for Mr. Rolfe to take part in an action to insure lopD&rtajd;^i^robable that his Crowlandr^^^mtion teiij another to the listof yU'tT One advantage derivable from a,Change of Ministry stcffi be highly appreciated by all honest raspt*' Soferp^f^the.^eg^f&ients; of thestate arekadljin ftabfcofljcSt; and now they will get it. TEtsW" ftfd'dark places in them, where it'is shrewdly suspected that cor rupt things are generated. With new men in office—men possessed of scant sympathy with their predecessors, opposed to them in Par liament and before the country—there is every prospect of these dark places, if such exist, being promptly illuminated. A fear of something of this kifid would seem to be in operation tin certain minds,' causing them to be active in ^stirring np the consti tuencies to get rid of the new men as speedily as 1 possible. Honest men may rejoice,, but the hankers and parasites are in despair. To these it is of the last im- I portance that an agitation shortld be got np j against the usurpers. This accounts for the I vigour with which the drum political is being beaten in all directions. There is no public j reason why the new Administration should | not bave'afaiir trial from the country. It is formed for tbe most part of the men who for j years have upbeld Mr. M'Culloch, and who ! still ding to the opinions they have helped ; him to embody in action. But they are not . wedded to the abases which .may have grown I up around^the past. Administration. That is where the political shoe pinches. All Sorts of sriuglittle schemes for personal advancement have been nnexpectedlyoverthrown. Countless " jfrbper repfesentetiQns" have hectomesud denly valueless. This is an unendurable grievance, and what wonder that those who suffer under it should desire by any metpis to he freed from it? There is much bustle and commotion, therefore, among the tribes of hangers-on, and every Minister, we. are told, is to be made to run the gauntlet of a con tested election; Mr.M'Culloch, we can well believe, would willingly, as a Conquered premier, who basfor years been loyally sup ported, leave his auccaBsors a fair field where )ut Hun keidom will not have It so, 'and the ateCbiqf Secretary Is forced Into the metie, 0 assist in the obfuscation of the country. -Ve do not .think the oonstitueindes will >e greatly misled by these very shallow irtifioCs. ' ■i ' T^ie Uh^ffiiy bliinder Cotntbittod by Jdr. i » Mt.\RoUe in; preference to one of the' re- • ognised .representatives of the people SbfsJ mdoobtedly caused a division in the party ' calling itself "LoyaL LiberaL" Some, of itouire, ps was to be expected, dihgto the MXMllisch banner, and rtifuse to pay allegiance to any other. Another, and if we mistake not, a largersection, however, be- j lieve that theirparty cry bias signified some thing more thanmereM'Cnllochatiy.'aiid re solve to be intelligent in preference ito being clannish. A new Liberal association is there fore: beipg formed, consisting of all .the old opponents of the Constitutional party who desire to figh t f or a rational object., The motto of thb division is announced as " Measures, fi?-! ^6iV" T*>ey are unwavering.,, in their adherence to progressive rather than conservative -legislation, but they , decline to bow down to Mr. M'Cnlloch, and still more to abase themselves before' his ox, ^Jdhing that may call itself his. This is, at least, manly. Loyal Libe ralism would be reduced to extremities if it had come to mean the perpetual exaltation of Messrs. G. P. and G. V. Smith. There must be more than that in it or it could not have existed so long and fonght so welL Whatever may be its signification, it would scarcely escape contempt if it suffered itself to sink into the mere personal following of a cluster of mediocrities. Victoria still enjoys the proud satisfaction of being ruled by a Mac. This will prevent * MRUiteriaI revolution which has been effected from being too startling to be borne with equanimity. It is true M'Culloch has departed, but Macpherson reigns in his stead. There is comfort in that fact, and so far, at least, Mr. Byrne must be congratulated on the success of his negotiations. What sort of a Premier Mr. Macpherson will make remains to be seen. At present he enjoys A good negative repntation, which is something.' ■ The same may be said of the Attorney-General of the Administration. Mr. Macdonnellcanlay. claim to the distinction of being the only member of the Ministry who him ever before been called to Her Majesty's councils. His occupancy of office was not prolonged on the last occasion, but it was long enough to show that he possessed in an eminent degree the suaviler in modo. In thb respect he will form a good set-off to Mr. M'Kean, who, has been made Minister of Lands. , Thb would be one of the least digestible appointments of the lot, were it not that those who know Mr. M'Kean best accredit him with the possession of a certain rugged honesty which cannot be better located than at the head of the Land depart ment. His manners have not the repose which characterises the Vere de Veres but honesty in thb office will in the future, as it bps done in the past cover a multitude of sms. The Customs department has been con fided, it must be admitted, to good hands. Mr. Cohen has earned a reputable position, both .in the commercial and political world, and so long as he continues a member of the ®d»net will hardly have an opportunity of, exhibiting his most conspicuous * fault 1 cbangeableness. The remaining members of the Ministry must be left to develop their, powers, which np to thb date have been somewhat latent The Minister of Minw> Mr. John Thomas Smith, has been Mayor of Melbourne so often as to have become well! acquainted with official routine. His sphere of usefulness b now enlarged, and so, also, may be his capacity. Mr. Beeves and Mr J Longmore have their spurs to win.' So has Mr.. Byrne. To find the last-named gentle man in the position of Victorian Chancellor of the Exchequer b, doubtless, startling at first, but we mnst avoid premature con demnation. Mr. Byrne may be a .perfect financier, thongh he be no Cicero. There are somesubjects the journalist would fain avoid, were it consistent with his duty as a commenter on public events to do so. They are unsavoury topics, either because of their moral impurity or physical nastiness. Among those which are objectionable for the latter cause, none is more repulsive than the one which, the health officer ofMelbourae has for the thonsandth time reported upon re cently to -the City Council. Mr..GfoUejitone tells us facts which we all know to beet vital importance to our physical well-beipg, and yet regarding which we continue criminally lethargic and neglectful He reminds us that there are some ten thousand ,open cess pools to this city, the filthy from which are perpetually being breathed and rebreathed by ourselves and our children, poisoning the blood, producing disease, and accelerating death. If we are to prevent an epidemic from breaking out in the metropolis, and penetrating possibly into every comer of the colony, it b necessary that these hot-beds, pf pollution should be permanently closed, and some better and more rational sanatoiy system adopted. At such a moment, ,the. admirable proposal put forward some time pgo by Mr, Joseph Dyer, tb? agent iOf Messrs. Greville and Co., intobcity, could scarcely escape further attention, and we ate glad'tp eee that it has, again been brought prominently under the notice of the public. -Mr, Dyer's scheme is a ample one, hnd appears open to few objections, instead of placing on the earth the closets connected with dwellings,, so that the exhalations given, put by them may pollute. the ; surrounding atmosphere, ; he would have them on a level with the top most floor, pud pt the rear , of the houses. Having accomplished this radical change to commenoe with, he would make the pan or receiver pf the closet ah air-tight tube, eorne seven or eight inches in. diameter, and as long as the distance of the closet from the ground allowed. This tobe might terminate at a convenient freight for a night-cart to be brought underneath it, when. hy the removal pfihe stopper at the bare, tito whplf^ of the contents could: be deporited in .to instant in the taak of the cart and flonueyei -Away..; fey this ma* eimpto^PKoppM, .m rtr of jap dty wo£dd «>n»in unj^^matod. and. the whcdeTof dlur^ vito^ manure, instead of hAng neariv tin watted as Is now the ctse, would be preserved-and distributed by nut and otherwise; over the country. The ! merit of this project can hardly be over estimated, ana if the authorities will not move in the matter, a public company ought to adopt if; and secure legislative assistance in carrying it into effect. The committee of the Legislative Assembly of .New South Wales appointed to inquire into the operation of the " Polynesian Labourers? Act, 1868," have made a progress report. They state that they have inquired into the truth of six allegations respecting the employment of Polynesians in QnAfm^. landThat they ate obtained from their island homes by violence or fraud; that they are treated with injustice by their employers, and regarded with aversion by European labourers; that, being savages, they are likely to injure our colonists; that, being Christians, they are likely to be contaminated by intercourse with our colonists; that thair return to their homes at the end of their periods of service is not likely to be fulfilled according to agreement ; that their employ ment is opposed to the interests of European labourers. They state that they have "Hp diligent inquiries on these matters wherever there seemed a possibility of obtaining trust, worthy information, and that they are con vinced that these allegations have not been proved by the evidence placed before them. They recommend, however, +hat & Government agent should be sent, at the expense of the vessel, with every vessel licensed for the service, and that in terpreters should be appointed, both to explain to the men their contracts and duties, and to receive and make known their complaints. They also recommend that Polynesians shall be declared . to be com petent witnesses, and that care shall be faAtw that they are made aware of their obligation to speak the troth. The committee farth»r declare that all employers of Polynesians concur in believing their labour to be highly satisfactory and valuable, and state **»«*«• opinion that, while all proper care should be taken of three men, no unnecessary obstacle should-be thrown in the way of their intro duction. . The Queensland Assembly has hitherto been a very quiet place, and has escaped "those animating little discussions which have troubled the minds of the Speakers in most of the other Australian colonies. On the last day of the session, however, it lost sight of its usual dignified composure, and got up, on short notice, and with, as it seems, very Htfle provocation, a very neat tittle scene. The Government was anxious to close the session, and with that object to get the Appropriation Bill through all it% stages. Two members only opposed the bill, on the ground that other matters remained for discussion. The majority, however, was too great, and the bill was duly passed. Mr. Walsh, one of the opposing two, and an habitual thorn in the Ministerial flesh, remarked on the following day, among other severe tilings, that, in the opinion of a large majority of the House, a par ticular question was to be barked that session. On the motion of tbe Premier the words were taken down, and it was resolved that Mr. Walsh should be censured from the cbair. Mr. Walsh refused to retract or to apologise. It was moved that he was in contempt, «ml should "be ordered into the custody • off the sergeant-at-arma. The sergeant at-arms there upon, to tbe infinite amusement of all sides of tbe House, who seemed to regard the whole proceeding as a capital joke, proceeded to execute the order. Mr. Walsh was at first immovable, but after " what appeared to be a great deal of coaxing" went into the gallery. Neither tbe Speaker nor the Government; however, were at all clear as to what tbey ought to do with their prisoner, and subse quently he was brought up in custody; but the Speaker held that he was not in custody, but had merely been removed from tha House, and so he was allowed to resume his seat, and again asked for an apology. He again refused, and was censured by the Speaker. He observed that he was greatly flattered by the Speaker's remarks, and used other terms by no means indicative of con trition. Ultimately, a count-oat terminated somewhat ingloriously the difficulty. We hope that the whole-affair will be a warning to oar usually sensible and- sedate friends in Bris bane not to make political mountains out of mole-hills. " The Parliament of Queensland has passed a bill of which the object is to induce persons to embark capital in tbe establishment of manufactories of woollen and cotton goods. Mr. Douglas, the representative of the Ministry, in moving in the Council the second reading of this bill—which was passed through all its stages without opposition or even com ment—explained that the justification of this bill hud several kindred measures was, that "it was.desirable to havea riumber'of par suits established in the colony." It would have been more to the pnrposeif Mr. Douglas had shown that it was possible that'his bill coulci effect' the object that he desired. A variety of industries .in any country is cer tainly desirable, and may in doe time be ex pected, just as it is desirable that a boy not yet in bis teens shonld be six feet high, and as such an event may in the natural bourse of things sotae day be accomplished. But, as the boy, by taking fever sb much thought can not add one cubit to his stature, sp the growth of the body politic cannot be accelerated by any encouraging act that the wit of man has ever framed. In this particular case the proof is as conclusive as that of any proposition in Euclid. Wedonotsupposeth&tourQneens; land friends will pay much regard to it, bat it is true nevertheless. Industry is limited by capital, and so neither woollen nor any otherkind of manufactures can be established without either displacing existing capital or introdudng new capital. The latter course isbiot evhn contetapuited. The result, i" fote, timet be the creation of a new had at thh expense of some or alt of the aid . _ Industries. Whatever iSgainedfrft the w66llen manufacture is withdrawn from something dee. Nor is this alL The form, whatever it may have been, in which the capital was originally applied was more profitable than the manufacture of wool, for if it were other wise it wonld not have been so employed. Consequently, the effectof this bill, if it should suceeed, must be that Queensland will pay a large sum for the withdrawal of capital from a more profitableintoa less profitable channel, and that the number of industries in the country will certainly not be greater, hut may be less, than it was at the date of the passing of the act The best thing that can happen, and it is probably what will actually take place, is that the act should become a dead letter. Woollen and cotton factories will come in good time, without any help from Parliament In the South Australian Land Act, passed at the end of last year, it was enacted that that part of it which related to agricultural areas should not come into operation until nine months after the commencement of the act The appointed time having expired, the areas were a short time since duly opened for selec tion. Although ample notice of this event had been given, the public evinced no anxiety to accept land upon the terms proposed to them. These terms were a fixed price accord ing to the district 20 per cent on deposit and the balance in five years. The upset price—that is, the estimated value of the best sections—may be reduced after a month, but not sooner. We certainly cannot congratu late our neighbours on the success of their first attempt There was only one area in which land was taken up and of that amount so taken about five-sixths went to one large squatting firm. In this case the outside price was £3 per acre, and the quantity of land selected was 1,226 acres. We do not wonder at the failure of such an experiment Land must be rich indeed to be worth £3 an acre for farming purposes in South Australia, and prudent men of small means would naturally hesitate before they incurred the responai bibilityof paying in five years several hundred pounds for farms where there were no means of ready aocess to a market When the prices are reduced, however; some settle ment may perhaps be effected. It is said that a large number of families are located on the borders of the south-eastern area, and that when the price falls they will send in their applications. The friends of the small birds will be pleased to hear that their usefulness as destroyers of insects is thoroughly recognised by the Saxon Government The Pall Mall <Gazelle records a carious scene witnessed* lately on the market-place at Dresden. A -body of police sud^nly made their ap pearance, and, without any previous warn ing, . seized all the cages containing ringing birds exposed for sale and released their in mates. A decree has also been issued for bidding, under penalty of a fine, the . killing ■or trapping of these useful songsters, and containing especially severe regulations with regard to birdnesting. In France, " notwith standing all the efforts of Government, the slaughter still continues. At a rook-shooting party recently in the Bois de Boulogne, no less than 5,000 of these useful birds were ■destroyed, though at the very time the trees were swarming with caterpillars. 