ANOTHER AUSTRALIAN GHOST. •countries ofthe oldwerldmre to enjojr |l thdhopoly of ghosts. The fąssńres «s they have -«stab- 'oiroi£ ffiaV neighbourhood. ^Dl^s'Stt'p^eSefB^eB^timM itaeems men wadingxiear i¥onngis autten|ic, /anieli ^^three^mep .^efeirea itótere splitting posts' Md fa4ls'for£fBnring,'4at s place about foar ail**fits¥««<,<»«ti»TiuM4iule withe \- t' I o'd J)«ffgcJtiush.., Jhe. first time they saw anything unusual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, 'when they were much startled by- seeing in the bush.-~uear-their hut, -a white object about the eize of a cat, but of no particular form. This extraordinary-looking object suddenly before their eyes sprang up into a white spectre about eight feet high. They called out to it, but'could get no. reply, struck it with a 6tick, aud it sounded hollow. It also chased twe »f them one way.and one another. On another occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour on a calm, 6till night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and upon one waking up during the. night, he was much surprised to find that the whole of the roof of the hut had been removed. On looking out they saw the spectre bat BO one else' was about, and they are all quite sure that neither on this nor the former occasion was it either a man or woman. Its suddenly rising before their eyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite dumbfoundered them. Another night they were mnch surprised at seeing a strange, unearthlylooking animal somewhat resembling a dog, with a long chain attached to it. Tins animal came right in front of the hut, and commenced grinning at them, but made no noise, either by barking or otherwisą save the occasional rattling of the chain. As the animal would not go away, one of them (who was a good shot), loaded a gun, and fired the contents direct at the brute, but the shot took no ofiect upon it. The dog, or whatever it was, remained for some considerable time. On another night the dog seemed to have returned, for they heard the rattling of a chain, and a noise like what a dog would make when licking a plate. Upon looking outside, they saw that a plate which had been left there was in motion, but they could not see what caused it to be so, although they could, while looking, distinctly hear the same noise described above- They watched it for some time, the plate being kept in motion, and the noise bang distinctly heard as if the plate was being licked by some animal. On Sunday last these three men came into Young, and upon one of them returning in the evening he found that the door of the hut had been pulled down, and its'contents brought outside and left there. Two out ot the three men are well known to us, and we feel confident that what we have stated may be relied upon as the truth. A shepherd told these men that some time ago two men who were splitting there quarrelled, and one killed tbeother with an axe,and afterwards felled a tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordinary for the murdered man's gbostto make its appearance." 