PARLIAMENTARlY 1NOTES. T'lhe Logislative CouIcil was occlpiod dlr ing tho grator part of' a long sitting oi 'lTuesday with tho consid:'eration in coin mnittco of clnhso 7 of the Local (o'vernOc'm nt Act Aoudtlinenlt 3il, providing that oxisl. ing shires and road districts shall be origi iall aires. ?? r. O'Shannasy mioved theo ununuld inent of which ho had given notice strildking out a largo portion of the clausea, and provid ing that ono or mouro road dlitricts might unite if they had au annual income derivable Irotn rates not oless than £1,500, b:nted upotn n rate of nlot lhss than is. in thet JL orsn the: not annual value of raleable property. 'Thte nlmtndttimtttllt \\\twas carritedl by a InljoitiVf ftone, ; in spito of a threat by .11 . 31'tC'ae to with- v draw the bill if it we're ahloptedtl. l.'ogireo.s e was soon afterwards reported, Mr. M'Crae h intimating that he shoulh consult his col leagues itas to the desirability of proceeding with tei mesture al'te' so material an antmeed- c meat had been adopted. r Some little progress was made with the .Laid Dill on 'J'uesdat v night. ('lanlse LS, providing Ithat the area to be taken uplt sho ul I not be more thl i 640 Ol acres, and that thi an nlual renlt should be 2s. poer are, wiis ai'r'eedt to, and also the first three sections of the 1ithll clause. Theso provided that the licensee should have no power to assign his licence, and also for the ercetionl of a substtaltin fenco and the cultivation of one acre in tenll during the first two yearsr. ''Iehoro were engthenoued discussions over these conditions, but no alteration of n, inlportance was made in the proposittous of the Government. It is prottyv vitlent that, if possible, the Govoenmelnt are determi;uedl that there shall be no investigation into the charges which have rccentlyf been broughtl against hlo. meem berJ in counnexion with tihe proceedings of the Lands deplartm;ent. On Tuesday nighlt Mr. Langton moved that tie orders of tihe daty should be postponed uuntil after Ile hadt proposed the resolution standing in his tuane for an inquiry into the case of Nil;ls v. M'Neill, and the charges atrising olt of the t same against Mlr. Stutt, Ml.L.A. in Thurs- I day, the Attorney-General said that pro ceedings should be at once initiated in the critialti courlt againstl some of the persons conntected wilst this matter, but the late de-' cisio of' tilhe Sulpt'emie Coulrt with regard to I statutory declarations haits rendered this coutrse im possile. But altfihough stuch but is case, the I Gove,"nment on Tulesday opposed iian inquiry, conotlendng that the whole alltirt' should be1 postponed unl a ni e a ae it lits been passed, I Duld te pi,.ocedtlle o.iintdlly pro ),losed )'re - dered possible. The Chief' Secreta'y' west even' fl'uthee tIhan this, attl contendted ),that the denial of the act-oLaiiols bye )ho. men bers inte'ested o?gltl' to be deemed sufllicient by the House. 'l'tis dlooei;uo. itoIeve',", wsas rather too strong li'r bn ImetblI l. , ilod il though aissisted by \lessmr . lite I b, il. ,1 ' ol lin, astid Cohen whoii deset'ieu the ) piO?losi l, oIlie Gover'Inmet only succeeded in diflf:teitig M?h'. Ltligtili's motion, and I'tur the presenlt evadig the inquiry, by a i.tjortity of'one. Such It victory is even imore daimag4ig than a defeat, aiul the elongated visages tof iat"nistcrs showed that thile had securerOd sonnLtthig which t hecy .liL tl i L "w.ul kno[ w « ~" t l tL i ,I. witll. A.. Itsll? l II lOll illJOi'lii t ou05 iti5 lla5,s oral iu m i bers of' ithe I))pplLosiiot were absent. The utnie, of Messrs, A\spinall, Basle , lBoiurke, lumlie'..y, Kiitto, anid \\\Whitemilai do tiota ip tipear in uliue division i ist. Very little business was done ill the Legis Itive Council ont \euesday al'fterlnoon. TIhe fitIrher colisiderlation of thie Ilocil GLovern etIt iAct Am?n\\.lll menlli t 3i1i ill culuiiittee swas postponied for ii \seek, iMr. 41'Clrao stat ig that t he overUitll consIidiered the aiinndnlliiut on clauitise 7, adopted thie pre'iotus day, ellfected such ta itterial ca'i aige in a lead ing principle of' the bill that it would be ne ccssarly to relnmodel it alltogethler. 'Thi Scab Act Aiitendienti Bill was reliad ai first time, and the second reading was Ilxed for 'li'Testldy, to lwhicih tie louse ats its rising adjourlned. The greater portion of the 19th clauso of the Land Laws Amoeinldment Bill, whlich soet forth the conditions ullutil wlhilch the seelctors nlay occupy land under the cot, was oen \Vednesday night agreed to ill coinltlittee. No amlelidmount of ilnportalnco oen the clatuse as it appears in the bill was eoflected. The wor'ds "reside ott" were, onl the motion of Mr. Casey, altered to " occupy," but as, upon the recommittal of the interpretation clauso, the committee will halve to determino wlhat the word " occupy" shall lcllen, the question tls to whether residence upon an allotment selected shall be reutlered cotipul sory ronemains still to be determinued. It was resolved thait the instalmnets of 2s. per acre per annum for the land should be paid halft yearly in advaunce, iustead of yearly, andl at telpts wore made to reduce the value of' tite illprove'enlettso be mtadl during tihe tIhree years' currouency of the licence from 20s. per nacre to 10s., lanid also to rtedluco total price of I inud, including rout, to £1 per alee, but both t endetav'ours wereo Unsuccesftlul. "'Ioguery," siays the Bahartal .L'rccn;ms I illail, " hlas loug beeni an evident talcnt,andlt Iit require'os sono slhll)inlg niow-a-dllays L iti Svouet anything g ew in tile wayi of' 'a little swiudleo.' A no petty dodlge, however, bus comeno to our inowledgo. An old bliiid man hais for some tine beenu in the habit of tatking up his dtlily position at the junction of tLie M4tin-rioad and liBidige-srecet,. Oi Slaturll'ay ii'tttrliooln a woillilau Cnmo uIp to hiilm, tlld \- enterll illlto a sllorti conversaltio'i ex'pressive I of her sym?'itiitfi' for his itioI','titics. '1 \- wishi to isoist; yiout, inl peoor fell)'w,' sid tllshe, 1' fitit Illfio oinlv ti I ,lo n ibof til, ie it?ld cliii tlot tili?iid to gi5'' o Iintlfi, being pot'o ili'eif. IIte yo'uii a ai8 illifh g ceiinigo ?' I)f'ecoiis'e Ithe \- t ifuf iti it f (it b ( .llatihiii' beggi,'s to iti 4 oftl i is itioiit siefi ro ii'eeieit Itl tL oef it ts), itiid of coirso lie bliinudtc the bob feir t io two. t, bob bit. .It thle I coo liugtiai, go i f' \rTiCor L ugo's sitrot snetLenceud t'wriingis-tbe wosOuaiii sl;thereod Two bvstamlers remarked some thIlug penuliar in tihe style of the pnr'tInltl.d I -hnsgiver, they hade tile uriosity to.si te tid fllow for ait peep at the coin he had Ib1inl, 'when, as oiur readers nimust ahlreadv have expected, he produced a halfpennn,. They kindly tipped him a shilling a piece ts it sua for his wounded feelings,anid snt ilff in pur. ,suit of the petticoalted swtindler, but did not catch her. inad they turned into the niareist rum shop, they probably would havu found her ' treating resolution.' " One of those sad occurrences which hap pen so easily through accident," w'ites the Pleasant Cnreek Newus, " took place list \vt ki on Mr. WValker's fii'n at, Kionna. MIr. \\\Walker has for some time haid a man in his empoloyment who filled a trust\ n ortiy posi tiou upon his firmn, and who during the ltt harvest had one of his neyes rundered signt!tless inl consequence of nn injury sustained by I li pupil in being struck with much forcee by ia grain of whveat when superintending the ope rations of tihe threshing mnchino. On Wed nesday Inst, iMr'. \\\ale:tr visited the flrIn anud requesteld tie innu's assistaince when doing something with one of the calves. 'iThe brutio was lying upon the gronund, and some 0 mn were assisting to hold it, whnci the o\verse'er knelt down to grasp the aunilntual's hid les. In stooping over it, it kicked outl :nnlti strlc!it the man's e'ye with the sharp pilntl ~I i?s hoof completely breaking it;. amn c'using it to run fromn the socketr. The poor fIllow would scarcely be madte to underlstand the ter'riblo nature'o of the misfortune which had blidhien him, as he was thus renldered blinl fin' lilt. Anll oyo-witness states that whenll lie lise andl staggered in his blindness towtarlds the hiunse, annld walked against the divi liinng hnt'e, there, Iwas not a mntn present who did notl shedl tears. The patient is now in the Ararant IHospital, and, in point of health, is progress ing nfavourably." A neat little volhune has just been issued from thiheWesleynn ho Ik depot, leonsdale street. It cn,t. tains a few of the tsernnons preached by the lte ttev.. '\Villiam 11ill, together with a sketch of his life anml character, by the Rev.. E.I. \'satkin. The Imbook will no doubt be highly vained, n it only b1y the personnl friends of the late rev'. gentleman, but by members of the Wesleyan connexion gnerually. The benighted counitries of tlne old wortl are not to be suflnered to enjoy a monopoly of ghosts. The lnurrnanron' y Anlirus a'ssures us theiy aven established one of their ovn in that neighbourhood. It says :-" i nn these enlightened times it eems alm ost an ab suirdity to talk about ghosts ualkinig their anlpear:uce, but the foll)owing statelmenit of itl,oh near louung, is nuthelutice, nnd ntllly bI relied u1ponn by ounr readers as being nio oax. iThe three mn et referred to tiare splitting posts and ra'ils fur futeing, t 11a place about four miles fronl Young, near the Three mile and the old Du1ni'er lush. 'lThe first timeo they snw aniythini g unusual was onno noonlightu night, about three weeks iago, when they were much startled by seeing in the bush, near their hut, a white object about the size of a cut, but ofn n patieul' form'n. This extrnor dinin'y looking object suddenly befiore there eyes s~pri'ang up into It white spectre aboult eight feet high. They called out to it but could get no reply, struck it witih a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also lhased two of tietn onl e way, 1ld onUe anllother. O)In IInotheri occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour oin a calni, still night, went to sleep, su pt for some timne, and upon waking up during the night, wcrenmuch surprised to tied tlihat the whole of the rooft' of' the but had tbeen re moved. On looking out they snaw thi' spectre, but no ono elseo wals about, annd theiy are till quite sure that neither on this or the former occasion was it either it amlti,' or woman. Its suddenly rising bel'ore there ey, s from a mire nothinng to it height of eight f1tir quite dumb founded them. Another night tihy were much surprised at seeing ia st.rangei, uteairthly looking animal somewhtt re'semtbling aI dog, with tlong chain ittached to it. This unimall cameno right in 'rout ol' the but, and co'nnnnenti(Cd grinning tnt theIm, but madIiieno noise, eLtiter iby barkling l' or oIherwise, sate Iite oCcnsilnni rat tling ou his uhainu. As th aninmal would not go away, ono of the miten (twho wia a gn sshot) loaded ia gunI, land firedl the t' ie:ts direct nat the brute, but the shot toIu't I. 1iltest upon it. The dog, orn' hatever ni ,.s, renmained for somi considuernable tunlle. lit nuother night the dog o nct.,stemd to h:ave re turuuted, for they hearnd tne rtatlliug ohf i chain nlid at noise Illu \in hat ia dog wouldt mnkte wIheni licking a plate. Upon lotking outside, they saw thait ia plute whl hnlad beein lelt there tians in motieon, bult cnouldl nolt see whalt CalUIednl it to be so, although they couldn, w\hile lok Sing, distinctly lhear the stune noise described nbove. Thu'ey watched it for sole time, the inplato being Inept ill motion, and the noise be ing distincttly heard ins if the plato was being licaed by siomne uinianal. On Sunday lunst these mIen caneO into ounig,nd unpoln o11o Iof thleU r'etOurning in the evenling hU lIoufnd tlatl; tihe door of thie iut had beniIn pulled d nlotrn, nnd its conutclnts brought otsiitlu lllt left tihere. Two unit ni' the tlntu nUenn were wull lknowtn to usnd wn e i.el etOnlinlent lithat whnlt we htveur stted iiny tne i'lied liln11 iin the n inth. A. shepherdIiIL til thete men thatii tintl nl'nten'wtnnlds f'll In tiet 111i Iil. tint ,i'n , ntns, nolthinllg 'xtlIntodllintrY 1i1' I i:' hunt .ittt it nntii's ghutna to Inillloe its pL?ll'rliltlnue.'" 