THE DUTY ON CORN. , [From the Globe.'] A Mr. Lowe, like a political juggler, has attempt to call up a goblin that should scare the world from criticism, and wishes us to believe in it as " The Ghost of Protection." Alas ! like Baal of old, the Spirit refuses to listen: No awful shadow presents itself, and Protection rests quietly in her grave. With a smile at the wizard's failure, we are disposed to take genuine exception to no part of this ingenious and startling Budget more than to the abolition of the shilling duty upon corn. We think that a tax in itself inconsiderable, but which nevertheless brings a large yearly sum into the national exchequer, and which is so slight a burden that people are hardly aware of its existence, is not sufficiently condemned by a mere declaration that it savours of Protection. Yet this is practically the sum of Mr. Lowe's objections, and he denounces the duty in the name of Political Economy. Now Political Economy is a goddess that not seldom misleads her votaries. Her principles, like those of geometry, can only be adopted in practice with considerable modification and allowance. To attempt to apply them in their pure simplicity would be as absurd as to imagine that a pulley could be worked without friction, or that lines of length without breadth had a real existence in the material world. If we had reached that Utopian state of things to which some speculative enthusiasts look forward, in which man will be so far advanced in self-control, and so practised in the exercise of the novel virtues, as to be enabled to dispense altogether with- the blessing of government and the incidental blessing of taxation-then, indeed, customs would be all necessary, duties might be once for all abolished, the excisemen would be unknown in the land, and incomes might arise above the magic limit of £100 and yet escape the visitation of the tax gatherer. to such an age political economy might work unhampered and secure. But, things being as they are, Governments must live, and for that end revenues must be raised. The only question is-and here Political Economy may fitly put in her word-how can the requisite amount be obtained with the greatest possible fairness and the least injury to the pockets of the people ? Bearing this in mind let us examine Mr. Lowe's proposal. We cannot help suspecting that its great charm for him is the logical precision with which it seems to follow from certain assumed premises. Granted that protection is in all cases utterly indefensible, we seem constrained to admit that it is wise and just to tear away the last rag of protective policy. Granted that corn and a variety of similar commodities are the only articles at present liable to this most obnoxious form of tax, and that these, or, some of them, form a large element in the consumption of the very lowest and most wretched classes, then', indeed, the argument appears to gather overwhelming strength, and the impulse commit the offending shilling becomes almost irresistible. To the sternly logical mind of Mr. Lowe it has proved so. But we would venture to suggest to him that there are reasons which might have led him to a different conclusion. Indeed, we are by no means sure that he is himself quite satisfied that this " happy delivery" is really so wise a step as he professes to think it. He is a man too clear-sighted not to be aware of his own weak' points, and he lacks the power of disguising them effectually either from himself or from others. He has not that power of self- delusion or that capacity for confused thought and ambiguous expression which are such invaluable aids to a statesman without faith. Hence, if he is conscious of a doubtful or untenable position, the consciousness leaks out in the troubled and un- easy manner of his discourse. For example, he has an instinct that his proposal for taking the income-tax in gross, instead of by three instalments, is likely to prove unpalatable to people of small means ; and feeling this he shifts away from the subject with a somewhat alumny peasantry about " the immense vexation to the poor to be desired for shillings and sixpences as is to be due and for florins and half-crowns were at all loss aggravating. Just in the Rain way, when he comes to defend the remission of this comfortable sum of £900,000, he finds himself forced to descend to violent and " heedless" rhetoric. He talks of " raising nearly a million sterling from the very poorest of your people." Really to hear this language 0.110 might suppose that a loaf flower on tered a rich man's table that all classes of society, from, liability down to the hither side of pauperism, dispensed not only with. Mayurra Group," but with every sort of meal and flour, and that a, tax laid upon a necessary of life fall exclusively upon those who find it difficult to live at all. A little earlier in his speech Mr. Lowe was describing the duty as a poll-tax a tax, that is to which every broadcaster in the country contributed. What, then, is the meaning of the tax being raised " from the very poorest of your paper ?" It is by no means certain that the tax really does make foreign cairn ooma dearer to our markets by the full amount of the penalty imposed, though doubtless it raises the price of indigenous cereals to some small extent what extent, without the aid of those statistics of which Mr. Lowe speaks so disparagingly, it is impossible to ascertain. But it may be questioned whether the removal of the duty would lower the price of corn by one shilling The quarter, Suppose and wo as well as Mr Lowe have a right to make suppositions that the lowest price at which corn is sold in England is 50s. the quarter. Suppose, also, that there is a large quantity of foreign grain which could be supplied for 49s. 0,1 if the duty were taken off a bit like duty raises to 50s. 6d, and fat that IV'lco }t in unable to compete with British growths. Suppose now the tax removed, the foreign corn flows at once into the English markets at 49s. 6d, and boats the native produce of the lowest mice out of the fielding., it ultimately compels the abandonment of the tillage of the least fertile portions of our arable land. But the price has not fallen to the full extent of the duty removed. We get our corn sixpence, but not a shilling, cheaper than before. But imagine, again, the permission to have its utmost effect. The quarter may be had for a shilling less than formerly. Does any one suppose that the benefit of the change will reach the consumer in any very appreciable form 1 It is possible, though perhaps hardly probable, that our leaves may be slightly improved in quality, just as by the remission of duties on cabs we may get a slightly better veil acre, though playing the same price. But if we consider the present state of trade and commercial morality, we can have little doubt that the bakers will do their utmost to direct the profits of the change exclusively into their own pockets, and neither in the quality or the quantity of their bread will the class which Mr. Lowe is specially set on benefiting, and in whose material welfare states- men and philanthropists of every school should be equally interested, be better off than before. Mr. Lowe forgets that in the great measure devised and passed by Sir R. Peel the shilling duty on corn was not retained merely as a source of revenue, still less as a means of checking the importation of the staple food of the people. It had other advantages, of which Mr. Lowe would deprive the country. It helped us to statistics, the value of which to the merchant as well as to the Minister of State can hardly be overestimated. Besides, it facilitated transactions, by providing to seller and buyer a standard of measurement by which each could without suspicion or reserve consent to be bound. It is open to discussion whether-, for statistical uses a small excise duty on home- grown oom would not be a politic measure for we find it impossible now to gain anything like even a proximate view of the actual produce of the soil. It is not our present purpose, however, to argue the value of agricultural statistics but simply to prove that in proposing the abolition of the shilling duty, the Chancellor of the Exchequer will accomplish much less good than he expects at the price of inconveniences which he has evidently made no attempt to appraise 