HOW I SPENT -CHRISTMAS YEARS ?'?; - ? ago. . In tbo year 1862. Mr Belaud, who had great inflnence with the Governor, succeeded in obtaining a leasa of run for pasinrnl pill-puses on the banks of the Ynhonp; That grand river had only been explored uVioiit two years before that' time, and there were but two other stations upon it. I joined Jlr. Beiasco, as a partner, and we stocked the run ?with sheep nnd cattle. After we had been on tho station about two years, Mr. Bslasco brought his wife and an only daughter to reside with us. About this time my brother Charles joined us. He was then twenty-three years of age. : , The river, as most of yon know, is one of the fineBt in Australia. It was about three hundred yards in width where our homestead was erected. The banks rose for a consider able distance by an easy slope, then suddenly for about forty yards. Above this rise a beautiful plateau was formed, at the back of which there was a dense scrub or jungle, through which it was difficult to pass without cutting your way. The white cedar, the wild chesnut, the lime, and numerous trees and shrnbs of equally picturesque form and luxuriant foliage were abundant in that scrub. Wild flowers, fruits and yams were to be found anywhere within it, and curious thorny vines bound the whole together into an entangled mass. Tho boundary of the scrub was as well defined as if it had been planted by tho hand of man. Between this scruVand the edge of the plateau was our dwelling-house, looking east, and towards the river. Our house was spacious. Timber was plentiful, and labour cheap, eo there was no reason why wo should not have a good house. ? All the rooms were lined inside with planed cedar boards varnished, and therefore very much resembled the cabin of a ship. Tho main body of the house was appropriated to the use of Mr Belasco and his wife and daughter ; while ii wing, built expressly for ? that pnrpose, was set apart for Charles and myself. Tho woolshed, yards, and men's luts were scattered about a few hundred yards lower down the river. One hut — that of .' George.the Itangor,' as he was called, the Btockman — was on the. opposite side of the river. Nothing could prevail upon George to reside upon our side of the river. When it was first mentioned that we intended erecting the station buildings on the west side, George shook his head, and eventually openly remonstrated against such folly, as he called it. ' Tell yo what 'tis maister,'. said George to Mr. Belasco, ' 1 hope you won't be offended ; but I know these black chaps better nor yon. As sure as your namo's Mr. Belasco, they'll come down some night on the lot of us and spear us like so many bandicoots.' ? ' Nonsense 1' said Mr. Belasco, 'these tinfortnnate savages will not interfere -with \w unless we molest.them ; mid, as I have treated .them with all kin'dness hitherto I have nothing to fear.' . 'If yon knowed 'em as well I do,' said George, ' you wouldn't think them such nice fellows, I cau tell ye.' ? However, as the natives had been hitherto on the most frinndly term3, and kept us supplied' with fish, eggs, and other things ?within their roach, we drauled no molestation from them, and thought George's apprehen sions illfoundedj and hightenerl, perhapR, by the fact that four years before the time I am. narrating, he narrowly escaped losing his life by a spear from one of ii tribe nn the Tnbbo. Our resi-leiice-wns,J:bei'tf-iro, built as I have ?described, and Gimse allowed to have his' hut on the east side.. Whenever ho visited the 'house,1 as our residence was called, he crossed the river about half a mile below tli3 station at the Rucks, or paddled across the river in a baric canoe which ho always kept jnoored along tho reeds. Although we dreaded no attack from tho natives, still-, as' a; precautionary measure, there, was a good supply ' of muskets and ammunition kept in readiness for use. .George despised the 'Brown Bess,' and had expended a whole year's earnings in the purchase of a very fine rifle, with which he could- shoot a crow at an immense distance. This rifle was reloaded and cleaned- about every third day, and the priming looked to night and morning, precautions which caused some merriment on the station at the expense of ' George the Rangei.' Everything progressed favourably. The sheep and cattle had proved lucrative, and had increasod amazingly ; on the morning of the 25th December, 1835, everyone on the Weeyabba station seemed as happy as it was possible for humnu beings to bo under such circumstances. Early in the morning Mr. Belasco assembled tho men, and read prayers ' . as was 'his custom on Sundays and holidays. After that the men enjoyed themselves in various' ways. They had foot races, quoits, skittles, anil other game?, .-till the sun sunk behiud tho west, 'Bob the , Grinder.' was ?vi:./.v' -.*;-....? .?-.. '; 'then ' failed' into 'requisition.' 'He' was thus nicKiitimed from the energetic manner in which h_o_performed. Tho woolshed was illuminated and'tho pleasures of tho evening commenced.'** While the men wers thus enjoying them selves in the. woeMied, another scone wns being enacted in the 'house.' The two miid servants,..the.storekeeper's wife,. the wife of a man on the station, the storekeeper and over seer were prossed into the service fora conntry dance, the only dance which could be attempt ed under the circumstances. Mrs. Belasco presided at a little square piano, and Charles led off with Miss Bala'sco,' or Hetty, as we called her, her name' being Henrietta? The night was warm, as' all ChriBtrniu nights are in Australia, you know, and Hetty and Ch'nrles went on to ths verandah, and sat upon a rustic beach to enjoy the fresh air after the dunce. ' How different/ said Hetty, '?' Christmas is in this queer country, Charles, frnnCwhnt it was at home. ..One can hardly realise Christmas without frost and snow, closed doors, a large Sre, holly nnd nil that. But still, oven here:, people can be happy once a year, and forget all their cares. I love Christmas beyond all other times because all people are happy.'.'-'1 . ?',.'' As she said this she looked up into Charles' face. He could. ..not see them, but he well knew the pair of bine eyes that were appeal ing 'to him. Her hand lay upon bur white muslin dress. ' It was a little hand so small and white ; so soft' and exquisitely, tapered. It is no wonder that Charle3 took it in his a3 he said : — ' And why, Hetty, should people not be happy at ail tirae3 as well as at particular seasons?' ' I did not say that people are not happy at other times, Charles, but that they seem ?Jicre happy at Christmas. They seem to forget all petty animosities, and give up their hearts to kindness and good will.' ' Yonr large experience of the world, thon sage philosopher,' said Charles, pressing her hand gently, ' has taught you to be thankful for any appearance of charity or kindness, where all is so selfish and hypocritical.' ' Yon aie a wicked, cynical creature,' said Hetty, pouting, and slightly, very slightly, withdrawing her hand. 'No, I am not,' said Charlos tenderly. ? I know there are those in the world who can seek the welfare of others rather than tlieir own ; who can- love with such love as the angels feel — pure and unmixed with anything tinged by selfishness ; love that would prompt the sacrifice of a thousand lives, if there were so many to lose, rather than do one act that would tend to briry unhappiness to the being who had aroused the passion. I tell you, Hetty ;' and his hand trembled violently as it pressed the lovely girl's, and they rose from the bench, ' There is such love in this world, bad as it is, and I have long wished to tell you that such love, Hetty I cherish toward* you !' ' Charles !' ? Hetty !' Her lovely head was on his breast, her golden tresses falling over his arm, and tho heavy tears dropped one by one, bursting from a heart overflowing with joy — joy such as is felt only by the pnre and innocent. ' Charles ! ? What is that !' said Hetty, clinging to him in terror. It was a sound such as cannot be described. Had all the inhabitants of pandemonium broke loose and uttered a concerted shriek, it could not have been more terrible. A shadow, as thut of p. ghost, darted past Charles and Hetty. It was George the Ranger hastening towards the liver. The lights in the woolshed had been extinguished, and all was still at death. Charles and Hetty entered the huiise, and in a few minutes every soul on the station, except Georgp, was in the house, looking inquiringly into the faces of each other. Another yell rent the air, and George the Ranger entered, rifle in hand. ?'? ' They've come at last, maister,' said George, ' I told you they would.1 j It was evident that a whpla tribe of blacks with hostile intentions,' had- taken possession1 of the scrub at the fcac]c.Qf-fthe houSe.' , George ? turned suddenly Tound, fixed his eyes upon 'Tommy,' e blackfellow, who was in the habit of residing on the station. This blaekfellow looke'dfrom under his shaggy eyebrows for an instant, and sprang towards the door. I ? ' No you don't, if I know it.' said George, putting out his foot and tripping tho fellow up. 1 Look alive/ Georgo called out, ' bring mo some rope.' -'?What is the meaning of this !' asked Mr. Belasco. ' Wlmt has he done V ' What has he done, Mr. Belasco,' muttered George. .' Why it is this fellow as has laid them on. He has not told them that every thing good would bo on the station to-night, and that there was going to bo a corroberce — oh, not ho, bless his innocent heart. Just bo still, my boy, a little while I harness you up,' continued he, addressing the blackfullow. Having secured his hands and feet, Georgo thrust tho blackfellow into a small room, and locked tho door; ' Now,' said George, ' there ia nn danger of this fellow running off. to tell the darkies what wo are at ; my advice^ is to. get all the ftnns, and ammunition from' the storo room, and let n3 get out of this' placo as soon as possible.' ' Bring tho guns and ammunition by all means,' said Mr Belasco ; but as to leaving the house it were nonsense. -There -are some hundreds of them, I dare say ; but, with such a band of resolute fellows as we have here, we could keep a thousand of these unarmed savages at bay. Why a hundred civilized and well;armi|d men, would scarcely venture tii enter this house,- George ; and what can these poor savages do with their wooden sticks?' 'They can smoke uvout like a 'possum, Mr Bliisco,' said' George, looking with pity at his master, ' and then'«pear or tomahawk us, as they would kangaroo rats.' ; ' Do ! do ! -Henry !' eniplored Mrs. Belasco of her husba,nd ; . ' do whatever Georgo says. He knows better than us what ia right.' Another yell broke' upon the stillness of the uight, and a shower of spears; boomerangs and sticks battered [against the sides of the house. A small window was open, a spear came through it, and broko several ornaments on a side table. . - ? ' Close all the doors and windows, and put put all tho lights but one,' said George ; ' put that in the corner yonder, arid you, William, and Mr Harris load these giui3 as we hand them. to you.' . , ?'???'? j George commenced to bore holes in all doors and window-shtttteis, and place some one with a musket iu charge of each, with : directions to /'fire low.' Mr3.' Belasco and Hetty retired trembling to tho opposite side of the room. 1 Georgu assumed tho command without a single question. His coolness, his courage, his knowledge of the savages we had to con tend with, his having foretold that they would attack us exactly as they were now doing, all combined to make us look to him. for directions *in'SQ trying a situation. V\ '(Take my advice, maister,' said Gebrge turning to Mr Belasco, ' lefus leave this house while wo oan. If they light the grass between us arid the river, we will not be able to get away, as there will be such a jolly flare up yon will-bo able to see. a -mile up and down the river.' _: -_'.-. -.' £- I1 was abont to interfere, for I at once.saw the' force of George's advice, when a volley of spear* came pattering against the house, fol lowc d by a fiendish yell of defiitnco. 'Fire!' said Gaorge,, scarcely above a whisper.. . .„. ' ; Tiiii muskets were'insfcvntaiieonsly di.:clmrct ed, but with vthnt effect we could nnt tail. Hetty'ssreaiii'ed at the report, aiitl Cliarles ran, alarmed to her. . All ' was still for 5t few seconds ; nnd then the savages made the*veiy earth tremble with a shout such as we had not heard bofore'. . . . 'That has peppered them' said George; 'load as quick as you cau;' and he picked up the loaded musket placed- beside him. 'It ? miist be remarked that be did not touch.'his, lown rifle, which stood besido'liim, ready loaded 'and.primed and which he reserved'for special workr1 A bright light now came streaming through. the loop-holes, and upon looking out, to our horror, th« grass between us and the scrub was lighted in thirty or forty places. 'Don't lose a minute,' cried George, ' Away with you nil. Go down to the edge of the loiig glass just under the hang of the hill, out of. the. light, till you come to~the-scrnb, gii through the scrub and cross the river at the rocks and up to my hut; They won't go there because they think ' Debil debil sit down.' And turning to me ho said in an undertone : ? . ? . '?Let maister Charles stay with me, or he'll spoil everything foolin along a young missus.' Then in a louder tone he continued, 'Go quietly, one after tho other, and maister Charles and me will have some fun with these chaps till you are out of harms way. We'll then cross the rivfer. They'll light the grass on the flut in a minute.' George paused, he grasped his rifle, a light was passing, rapidly towards the river; he rniscd. the.piece.to his shoulder, -took steady aim ; tho 'powder flashed in the pan ; there was a sharp report — a shriek ! An unfortu nate wretch had perished while at his work of destruction. ' Away !' was all I heard. Tho lighted brand had fallen among dry grass which im mediately ignited. We hastened out, des cended the hill and proceeded as rapidly as possible according to the directions of George. Mr Belasco took charge of his wife'; I of Hetty. T«ice I ? missed Hetty, and twice I found her. Poor little thing, she was in a terrible state of excitement; but her anxiety was more for Charles whom we had left be hind than for herself. A third time I missed her when near the river, and presently seeing a white dress, I was determined not' to lose her again. I caught the burden in -my arms and carried it over the river. ' Where is Hetty ?' asked Mrs. Belusco. ' Ii carried her over' I whispered. We passed over, joined the party and proceeded towards George's but. All this had been done very rapidly, and everybody was in a state of great excitement. We had nit proceeded far when we met Charles and Gjorge coming to meet us. ? Just before they left the house, Tommy, the ?blRckfellow, had untied the ropes with.,which be-jwas bound, and escaped through tho'wiu dow. ' .- 'Where is Hetty!' asked Charles in an aiixjous voice. ' Hers said I, ' I carried her across the river.' _^'No, please jar. It's me. Mary, as you. carnea^'siiuTThe servant maid. s^ 'My child I Oh my child, where is she!1 cried Mrs. Belasco in despair. ; It was but too evident/ 1 had carried over the maid servant by mistake. S':e was about the name height as Hetty and wore a white dross. Charles, Mr. Belasco, I, and one or two others ran task to the scrub and com menced a fruitless search for 'Hetty. ? After h iviug searched in all directions for fully half all hour, we returned to George's lint. A short consultation ensued. It waS ultimately, nriaugeil that tho main body of us should: search 'lower dm»n the river than the Books on the same side that I had missed Hetty ; and as Georgo ass -red us there would be no danger of the presence of the blacks after daylight, he advised that wo should -fire off a gun occa sionally aa a signal for tho poor girl. George left us to search tho othor side of the river. I shall never forget tho dreadful anxiety of that morning. We knew that if tho poor girl foil into tho power of tho horrid savages, she would bo cruelly murdered, or barbarously draggoj along with them in their retreat. Our ' anxiety became heightened by our fears, and I felt the, .most bitter paugs, as _I accused myself of— LixTing-tjpcn tUor^anso, howeye£ innocently, of the sad misfortune.' ' Tho^dsyi light came streaming' over tho eastern .hills',! tho sun rose like a huge globe of fire. Wa searched gullies and ravines, we pierced' under rocks and examined bushes. Not ii trace could wo see, I saw Charles stop sudr denly and turn very pale. | 'Whatis them;tt3r1' Iaskedi . ? ? ? Thero is tho tr.i ;k of a blackfellow,' he said, ' going towards the river.' i There it was. There was no mistaking it. Tt was quite fresh, the dust from tho edges of the print had not been disturbed. There were no tlthersj nor was thero any sign of Hetty's footprint. We followed tho track for some .diutanco, but soon, lost all the. trace of it in tho grass. Tho sun was now high above the hills, and the birds were chirping and fluttering about as happily' as if there was no misery in the world. We reached a bend of the river where the water was broad and deep. On the opposite side wa3 an enormous pile of blasting rock, several hundred feet high, called the Bluff. It rose perpendicularly irom somo shelving rock at tho water's edge, aud raa up in columns as if it were the handiwork of a mason. ? ? ' Thank God I' exclaimed Mr Bolasco. We turned our eyes in the. direction of the top qf tho Bluff, and there was Hetty sho saw us, hdr hmids were extended .towards' us, 'and she was. evidently speaking biit'we could uot hear what'she Said. . / ! ' Our joy was unbounded. ~We made signs for her not to approach the edge 'of the Bluff. Charles darted past me like an arrow in the direction of a- place where the river might easily be forded. We prepared to follow him, when we were terrified by the appearance of Tommy,' the escaped blackfelluw, not a hundred yards from Hetty and running towards her at the top of hid speed. I noticed Mr Belasco turn ghastly pale. 'He is rnnning,' said I, ' to save her from falling over the Bluff.' . . . Whatever hopes my remarks might have raised, they were instantly dispelled. The wretch seized tho poor child by tho hands, as she had thorn uplifted and clasped together iii anrimp]oring nttitiide. The black dragged' her violently ;. she fell on her knees, and he seemed to be working himself into a fury by his'violent' manner.. A new tomahawk had been given him the day before as a Christmas .present ; he drew it from a girdle around his .waist and lifted it in his right hand. ' Merciful God, spare, oh spare my child I' exclaimed Mr Belasco in agony. He retled and fell. The strong man had fainted by my side. Charles could not : by any possibility run a fonrth of. the distance between him and . Hetty before the poor girl would be no more.' No gun which wo had would carry half the distance. ' ? ! Hetty seemed to have fainted. ' Her head ifelltback, and her beautiful hair fell about in fwildhdisorder. The black grasped both her [hands in his left one, and hold her from' ? falling as a giant would havo held a' lambv' Tho bright edge of the tomahawk glittered as he held it above his head to strike ; a sicken ing feeling came over me. Tho tomahawk fell — he threw up his arms — there was a sharp report of a gun, and the giant form of the black fell over the cliff. It struck, a piece of projecting rock and rebounded against another, and bounded and rebounded against another, and bounded nnd rebounded till it reached the bottom, where it lay, a bruised, bleeding, shapeless mass. Mr. Belasco opened his eyes. 'She is saved!' I said, 'Hetty! she is safe ; well ; happy !' I scarcely knew what I said in my joy. ? 'Happy,'. said Mr. Belasco, with a sad smile, ' yes, happy in heaven.' ' No, no !' I said, ' some one has shot Tommy. Look there,' and I poiirtacl to the dead body on the opposite side. ': By this time George had made his appear ance bosido Hetty. Ho was dancing about in the most frantic manner ; throwing his hat into the air, and performing all kinds of wonderfu} feats to make us understand that all was well. Mr. Belasco turned to me and said, ' Lot us give thanks to Almighty God, for tliis miraculous restoration of my dear child.' We knelt down, and he uttered a thanks giving. We crossed tho river and were soon together. The explanatioj was easy. Poor Hetty had crossed thcriver when she missed me, but having crossed, it in her oxcitement, she' had wandered she knew not whither. George had found her tracks soon after daylight, and was carefully and patiently running them down when he suddenly beteld her in the hands of the savage black. He knew that if the black saw him, he would sink the tomahawk in the helpless girl's' head. Hetty's ' fainting gave George a better opportunity ; he took steady aim ; fired over Hetty who wos between him and the black, with what good effect we alt know. It wa3 truly marvellous that be cbnld have effected snch a shot at tho distance, and few others could have done so. The rest is' easily told. * Mrs. Belnsco and Hetty were removed to. a move civilised neighbeurhood. The station was rebuilt oa .the opposite side of the river. We had to replace our goods and store? as everything wns burnt. Charles and Hetty were married bofore the next Christmas. The beautiful town of Meraldry stands now were our station was, nnd the Court-house is exactly where George's hut stood. ? That was how I spent Christmas thirtj three years ago. ' ' 