ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. LISMORB MAN.—Waterford was called by the ancient Irish Cuan -na Grioth, signifying the Harbour of the Sun ; and afterwards, Gleann-na-n-Gleodh, or the Valley of Lamentation—from a great battle fought there between the Irish and the Danes, in the tenth century. It was also called Port Lairge, signifying the Port of the Thigh, from the ltiver Suir and • Harbour resembling that part of the human body. HIBERNIAN.—You are quite in error. British injustice towards Ireland commenced long before the reign of Henry VIII., and the outbreak of Protestantism. About 1364,for example, the Statute of Kilkenny was passed, which prohibited, under penalty of hightreason, the families of Anglo- Norman or English descent, settled in Ireland, to form any alliances or intermarriages with the native Irish. It also prohibited the Anglo- Irish from adopting Irish surnames, the Irish language, dress, manners, or customs; and made it penal to appoint any of the native Irish to ecclesiastical livings, bishops' sees, abbotships over monasteries, or any other preferments. TOM.—It was Mr. Justice Keogh who made the blundering jury-charge you refer to. Mr. Clarke, Q.C., who was one of the barristers employed in the case, told his Lordship that " the cavalry charge at Balaclava was nothing to it." P. O'C., Sale.—The religious orders of men established in the City of Dublin are—the Jesuits, Dominicans, Franciscans, Capu. chins, Augustinians, Diacalced Carmelites, Calced Carmelites, Passionists, Marists, Oblates of Mary Immaculate, Vincentians, the Christiao Brothers, and the Congregation of the Holy Ghost. KILMAXLOCK.—Under the penal laws Kidnapping Catholic children was a favourite occupation with the proselytisers. In 1716, it was enacted, " that the parsons and churchwardens in every parish should, together with a justice of the peace, bind any chiid found begging, or any other child with consent of the parent, to a Protestant master, until his age of twenty-one, or to a Protestant tradesman, until his age of twenty-four years." It is added that if the child complained of ill-treatment, and that such complaint wag found just, then the child should be " transferred to another Protestant master;" and should the child quit bis Protestant master, and seek safety in flight, any person, even the parent, harbouring such a child, incurred a penalty of £40, to be jpaid to the Protestant master. SricuttiM.—If your communication were couched in somewhat more moderate language, we might be disposed to give it insertion. INQUIRER.—Yes. It was on the occasion of the general illumination in Dublin, in honour of the marriage of the Prince of Wales. Some handsome designs in gas were prepared for illumination in front of the Catholic University, but the students cut the pipes. This was soon after a fruitless agitation had taken place in favour of a charter for the Unisity. DECLINED.—" Athletic Piety," " A Reclaimed Old Hat," " B.F.C." 