ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. DOGS— CLERICAL AND CANINE. To the Editor of The Ovens and Murray Advcrtizer. Sir, — For the better understanding cf what follows, let it he premised thatT am au humble descendant of the canine race ; humble, I mean, as regards duty and obligation to my master and friends, but noble indeed hi' parentage, being a genuine descendant of the royal " Toby," without the slightest taint of the — bar sinister — to mar the purity of my escut cheon. Like my illustrious progenitors I am a well-behaved dog, following not the courses of many degenerate speci mens of my race, who prowl in dark places, and oftimes startle the hinder parts of the unwary human. I am a dis creet and observant dog, following my master — who, let me tell you (but this is under the rose, you know), is very fond of hearing himself speak — unto all places of public resort, whether church, chapel, or market, conducting myself, as I have already assured you, with all due gravity aud decorum. A new pastor having been installed in St. John's Episcopalian Church, Corowa, and my master having heard him described as a " regular fizzer," resolved to profit, if possible, by his ministrations. With this intent he entered the precincts of the sacred build ing on Sunday last, and I, as a matter of course, innocently enough, and thinking it no sacrilege, followed in his wake, having uot the fear of " Booth " before my eyes. I squatted down demurely and decently, and seamled the reverend gentle man with a critical eye. Everything went on smoothly until, the end of the lessons, vvhen, judge of my astonishment on finding myself selected as a text for tho edification of the church-goers of I Corowa. I was denounced from the chancel iu the most flowery language and elegant diction as a " beastly cur," and ' 110 rational being." I was — poor me ! — taunted " with not having paid for a sitting," and that, having dared to enter the sacred building. "I should have taken my place in the free seats." The elo quence of the reverend gentleman was then let loose upon the congregation, whom he assured in the most emphatic terms (hat jf I, or any of my race, should dare to look upon bis face again; he wonld sit down until the intruder was expelled, or the whole congregation ; retired en masse. My royal blood boiled at being so hardly used, and I longed to "speak my. mind.". Thinking, however, I might not be understood, and wishing to avoid the dire calamity threatened, I controlled my rising choler, pricked my ears, cocked my royal tail in token of defiance, and stalked right royally to the door. Never haying been bullied so roundly before, I . determined to hear the reverend gentle man discourse from the outside,: in order to glean, if possible, how my presence bad disturbed his bile. I waited, and am thankful. I can now acconntfor the. " milk in the cocoa-nut." Never did the ghost of the murdered Banquo stalk more palpably before the vision of Macbeth than did the reason of the reverend gentleman's conduct towards me appear before he had concluded. I will let you into the secret.- I am of a- dissenting turn, and cannot wholly subscribe to all the Articles of the Church of England. The reverend gentleman is an out- and- out upholder of the tenets of his church; and will . not extend one grain of sym pathy, or hold out the right hand of fellowship, to any but the strict sup porters of his own church. He ^delibe rately informed his congregation, some of whom are Presbyterians, that if they cannot conform to all the forms of the Church of England, even in the minutest particular, they had better stop away .from church altogether. This I call not Christian charity, the great, virtue that should distinguish a Christian minister, but dogmatic enthusiasm. Let me assure the reverend gentleman/in conclusion, if my presence actually disturbed his gastrie juice, he might, at least, have required my absence in less forcible terms ; and let me also remind him that I have, and doubtless he has, known persons bearing the appellation of Christian, who more, truly deserved the appellations beastly, cur" and " irrational beings " than poor? TOBY. < . Corowa, 12th April. 