LECTURE ON HUGH MILLER. On Tuesday evening, the Rov. James Ben vio, of West Maitland, delivered the second part of his very interesting lecturo on Hugh Miller, in the Huntor- atreet Presbyterian Church, tho subject being ' Hugh Miller— hit) liti'.i'ury career, and death.' Thoro was a good attendance. The chair was occupied by the llcv. William Bain, and the proceedings were opnneu uovoiionnny Dy tne Xiov. J. Ooutts, M.A. The following ia a synopsis of the lncturc : — At tho age of thirty-two, in tho year 1 834, Hugh Miller laid down tho mallet and chisel, and took possession of a banker's desk. His past life had been well spent ; his days were given to laborious toil, and his evenings in reading and study. In addition to his studies in geology, and in general literature, he indulged in collecting tales and legends belonging to the neighbourhood, and committed them to writing. A volume, entitled ' Scenes and Legends of tho North of Scotland,' was published shortly after ho entered tho bank ; it was written while hu handled the mallet. Legends are not to be des pised ; they woro tho books and tho moral teachers of ancient days ; they often taught tho stern truth, that men reap even in this life what they sow ; they taught men to be kind and true, and just to each other — teaching much needed in a lawless, age, when tho arm of justice had moro difficulty in reaching tho transgressor than in the present day. Hugh Miller had too deep a knowledge of human nature, and too philosophic a mind to despise those relics of a bygone age ;, they were to him tho moral fossils of a bygone ago. In them we learn how a kind action brings its unexpected reward in after years ; how tho tongiio of slander meets its proper retributions ; how dishonesty and penuriousness and in miser able poverty and disgrace ; how sufferiug virtue, patience, and humble faith, triumph ; how foul1 crime finds its avenger rising from tho tomb to haunt tho guilty, and compels conscience to turn tho sweet stroam of life into bitter waters ; and in them we see, also, that a rough and rugged naturo has often a large share of " tho milk of human kindness.' One word of advice : Do not read them alone at midnight, for tho proba bility is that every breath of wind, every sha dow on the wall. and every sound of insect wing will bring to your presence several unwelcome visitors, and. you will find yourself in tho posi tion of the Highland postman, who, when soli cited by a ghost clad in tartan, and six feet high, replied, ' I hae neither faith nor courage to speak to tho like o' you.' After having been two years in tho bank, Mr. Miller married the lady who had been in the habit of consulting him as a dictionary of reference bound in mole skin. He was now bound in vellum, and, no doubt, appeared a very handsome volume, and a most excellent gift-book for a lady. Tho question is sometimes discussed, whether the married or the bachelor life is most favourable for success in science and literature ? Tho ba chelor can make a fair appearance on tho scroll of fame. Boyle, Newton, Locke, Leibnitz, Bayle, Hobbs, Hume, Gibbon, and Adam Smith, belonged to tho bachelor race ; but it does not follow that they would have been less eminent had they been married. As to Hugh Miller, tho probability is that his marriage helped to concentrate the energies of his mind— gave him something like a fixed purpose in life, and thereby led him to tho position which he afterwards obtained in tho world of science and 'letters'. As a rule, men rise in the world after they get married; As bachelors, they are very much in the position of kites, which boys at tempt to raise in tho air without having suffi cient weight attached to them. There are many bachelors in tho world, who would get out of tho bogs if they had only a due balance of weight laid upon them. Hugh Miller continued his literary and scientific studies. His summer evenings were spent among tho rocks and fields j his Saturday afternoons were devoted to geolo gical rambles at a distance ; and sometimes he found himself, at two o'clock in tho morning, sailing his boat along the rock-girt portion of tho coast in search of fossils and other objects of interest^'and at ton o'clock, tho public found him at his desk in tho bank. When bankers' clerks, or. any other clerks, got up at two o'clock in tho morning to prosecute particular studios, sooner or later their voice shall have a share in the settlemont of tho questions of the day ; but when young men are found at that' early hour, they are usually otherwise engsgpd — perhaps returning from a 'fool's paradise,' singing, or trying to sing, ' We won't go home till morn ing,' and declaring that they have a couple of moons to light them home. Not one of them will ever be a Hugh Miller, or anything like him. In tho year 1830 (ho was then thirty seven years of age) a new work and a new life were waiting for him. One position in life is tho appointed preparation for another. He loved the church of his native land, and he had stfiudied its history. His famous ' Lottor to Lord. Brougham' was his first contribution to tho controversy then raging ; it drew upon him the eyes of men high in Church amd State. A demand existed for a high class newspaper, which could reproaent tho principles of the church in opposition to tho decisions of the courts of law.. Those interested had searched in vain for an editor able fur tho task. As soon as tlio MS of tho 'letter' found its way into tho hands of tho eminent leaders in tho contro versy, they said, " There is the man we want.' In ignorance of the opinion then forming, Hugh penned another paper on tho question. ?' This decided the question as to his ability for the proposed editorship, No ordinary man could occupy tho position. Tho Scotch brain was then hard at work on tho question, and only a brain of tho first calibre could outer tho lists as a guid ing mind. It was soon felt that a master mind spoke in tho Witness. Far and near tho paper was read, both by friend and foe, and by many who were more onlookers. Tho friend felt the strength, and tho foe tho steel. Like Minerva (the symbol at once of power and wisdom), who sprung, armed, from tho head of Jupitor, so Hugh Miller leaped at once into the scene, armed for tho conflict. During sixteen years he sat in tho editor's chair, and faithfully acted up to tho motto he adopted from grand old Knox — ''I am in tho place where I am com manded of conscience to speak tho truth, and the truth I speak, impugn it whose list.' After he died, the Witness struggled on ; an able mind was at tho helm ; but Hugh Miller no longer lived in its columns, and at last it succumbed, and went tho way of all earthly glory — a power ful testimony to tho ability of tho man who first sat in its editorial chair. During tho first yoar of his editorship, he published tho ' Old Red Sandstone.' This drew upon him tho eyes of tho geological world. He was no mere dabbler in tho science— no mere book maker — but an original worker in an un trodden field. It was tho fruit of his mason days, and his banking days, extending over a period of twelve years. Tho masters of the science pronounced tho work one of the most re markable which had been published. Buckland declared that he would give his left hand to pos sess tho author's power of description. Hence forth tho true character of tho old sandstone became a settled question. His next- geological work was 'The Footprints of tho Creator,' in which we have remarkably interesting descrip tions of tho mechanism of a creature called tho ' asterolopis.' This work is a geological answer to tho theories propounded in a book called the 'Vestiges of Creation.' In a subsequent edi tion of this work, the unknown author takes lengthened notice of tho ' Footprints,' and evi dently regards tho trenchant blows of tho stone mason the most weighty of all his opponents. Notwithstanding his strictures, tho position assunied by Mr. Miller remains untouched. His third geological work was 'Tho Testimony of tho Rocks.' This appears to be tho most popu lar of his works ; it is now in tho thirty-sixth thousand. It is, perhaps, tho most valuable volume of the whole series, so far as tho general public are concerned. It differs from his other works in this, that it lays hold of the facts of the whole scale of geology, and binds them together. It then goes back to tho ascertained beginning of organised life on tho globe, shows its first forms, and gradually ascends through the worst scale of terrestrial being, until tho day when moral, intellectual, and responsible life made its appearance in man, the image of God. Tho his tory of life and death in the bygone epochs looks more like a romance than an authentic narra tive ; but in the rock lies tho unimpeachable evidence. Races of creatures for a time ap peared on earth, performed tho work given them in the scale of being. and then perished for ever, leaving their remains in the sands of time to tell of their existence. There is a unity in revela tion — creation, providence, and inspiration, from a revelation of tho same Being. Tho perception of this unity is obtained by following tho purely inductive method of Bacon. Tho facts of geo logy, studied simply as facts, are in wonderful harmony with tho statements of Scripture This conclusion is reached by following tho only rational and truly philosophic mothod of inquiry. ' Tho Testimony of tho Rocks' is not only a masterly geological argument, but a noble illus tration of tho power of the 'Baconian philosophy, and a proof that that philosophy has its basis in common sense — that philosophy teaches men to read and interpret nature in a rational method. In his early days, Hugh Miller drank deep at this fountain ; he carried a copy of one of Bacon's works in his pocket, and hence tho rational and philosophic tone which pervades all his works, more especially the work here men tioned. All his works are highly suggestive. He makes tho question in hand touch so many points of contact in other departments of human knowledge, that tho reader obtains many hints, and finds many suggestive thoughts rising in his mind on other questions. For example : The fact that one epoch of creation is symbolic of another, and is tho anticipation of that other, suggests what appears to be analogous in human aflairs. The coated and mailed creatures which existed implies that there was a work of death and destruction for them to accomplish previous to the higher order of creation whioh followed. Europe is at present a coated and mailed crea ture. The soldier is now a more terrible instru ment of death and destruction than in formor days. Why this now creation ? Has he a ter rible work of death before him ? Must , Europe pass through a deluge of blood and a furnace heated ten times, as tho precursors of a fairer and brighter day ? And shall men of tho future preserve our wonderfully perfect instruments of death in their museums, to show what a race of refined savages lived in Europe during tho latter half of tho nineteenth century.' Hugh Miller was a man of heart as well as head. The intel lect was not sandstone ; it was not chalk ; but hard granite ; yet, on tho hard rock lay tho soft mould of tender feeling. A touch of nature — one of those touches which strike tho chords of the human breast— is ofton thrown in among tho hard reasonings, which makes tho whole subject more than ever human. Hugh Miller's works number twelve volumes ; several are posthumous. After sixteen years' constant and energetic mental work, tho noble man began to find that 'all flesh is grass, and tho glory thereof as tho flower of tho field.' The mind itself began to protest against constant labour. Men of a high order of mind were sometimes subject to hallucinations. Tasso, tho poet ; Pascal ; Spinello, tho painter ; Barry, the painter ; Rousseau, Sir Isaac Newton, Smollet, Hobbes, and many others, had their periods of hallucination. Hugh Miller must be added to the number. Visions of men prowling about his premises haunted him day and night ; but it was chiefly at night that those visions haunted him. To a medical gentleman he confessed — 'I was impressed with tho idea that my museum was attacked by robbers, and that 1 had got up, put on my clothes, and gone out with a loaded pistol to shoot them. Immediately after that I became unconscious. When I awoke in tho morning, I was trembling all over, and quite confused in my brain.' At another time, he had tho con viction of ' being abroad in tho night wind, and dragged through places, as if by some invisible power. I felt as if I had been ridden by a witch for forty miles.' On the day previous to his death, he was found in a paroxysm of agony, during which he buried his head in tho cushions of tho sofa ; but tho vision flitted by, and left him in perfect health. During tho night, how ever, the 'horrible trance, more powerful than ever, must have returned,' and in that terrible trance tho confused spirit fled to rest and peace in tho morning. ' When the horror of that great darkness came down upon that noble spi rit, and some hideous, shapeless phantom over powered it, and took from it even the capacity to distinguish the right from the wrong, humi lity, and faith, and affection still kept their hold, amid the ruins of the intellect, that ten der heart still remaining unbroken.' Many thousands of his fellow- countrymen appeared on the day of his funeral, to bear testimony to the affliction and esteem which they cherished towards him while living, and their regard for him as one of tho mighty dead. Many travelled from various parts of England and Scotland, to attend his funoral. After dust had been given to dust, and tho uncovered mass of spec tators began to retire, a working man, in work ing clothes, stepped towards the grave, and, with moistened eyes, gently strewed a, handful of laurel leaves upon the grave,. .At the close of the lecture, a cordial vote, of thanks was passed to the lecturer/ who tendered .his acknowledgments, ' 