JOHN BULL AND PAIR PLAY. ' | (lo the Editor of the Freeman's Journal.) I Sir, — The. administration 01 .English rule is so I blood-stained — so repugnant, not merely to the spirit of Christianity, but the commonest prin ciples of even heathen ethics, that I find it irksome to complete the task I have proposed to ; myself. However, with a stoical endurance, I may possibly accomplish, it. Further allusion ; to O'Moore and O'Neil's rebellion, with which my previous communication was chiefly taken up, may be dismissed by simply stating that it ; was an insurrection concocted and. instigated by i Protestants, for personal aggrandisement, aval ^ inaugurated on the part of English and Scotch Hf Protestaats by the massacre of the inhabitants HI of Magee Island, without distinction of ago or, H sex ; that, in a conflict long and protracted,' HI where the Protestants were actuated alone ' by,' S bigotry and cupidity, and the Catholics f ongb t ' if not merely for their religion, but their vory Iff existence, fearful atrocities should have be6n 111 perpetrated on both sides was inevitable. But S how little reliance can be placed on certain state if| menta, which would specially incriminate Ca'ttio Ifl lies in the charge of cruelty, may be inferred Ifi from the following specimen of their rationality: ; |J It was deposed that the ghosts of the Prot--s- j&S;[ tants drowned by the rebels at Portadovvn |!-| Bridge were 3een for a long time moving, ii.' 1^1 various shapes, upon the river ; and Dr. M-ix tM well, Bishop of Kilmore (one of the 'most I'M credible, perhaps, of the deponents), enters into WM grave particulars in his depositions, describing fj/M the ghosts as' 'sometimes having been seen, l^M day and night, walking upon the river, some \- «4 times brandishing their naked swords ; soim- ' t -' times singing psalms ; and at' other times shriek - ing in a most hideous and fearful manner.' I ' Protestant bishops can, it 'appears,' even: riv,'ii. ' Catholic ones in their deglutition of the marvel | ' lous. How little dependance can be placed hi 1 the one-sided testimeny of a triumphant ^'psir'lSyV l, backed by the English press; may be deduced from what is occarring before bur eyeBiJo ih'e' Maori war. When soldiers are cut off in an i V v ambuscade (a perfectly legitimate stratagem of war), the colonial press represents them as having been either murdered or massacred, and are most careful to recapitulate any atrocities that may have been committed by the enemy. When, on the other hand, atrocities are com mitted by the troops, they preserve a profound silence ; and the poor Maori, having no news paper for the vindication of his character or proceedings, is presented to the world in a most invidious light, as an irreclaimable and relentless savage. And yet short of actual burning of prisoners (which 1 strongly suspect to be a pure invention for political purposes), there is no atrocity committed by the Maories that has not been paralleled, if not absolutely initiated by Rritish troops. If the settlers complain of their houses being burned and their crops destroyed, they should remember that they, through the soldiery, were the first to set the example in that mode of warfare. They have no right to complain for being retaliated on in kind. Up to a certain period of the war, the Maories, as a rule, neither molested women nor children. Can we be surprised at their abandoning that humane policy when British soldiers bayonet their women. As for the mutilation of the dead, that honor is shared by the Maories with the Europeans. The lion must become his own painter ere justice will be done to him— a rule which applies not merely to the Maori, but to India, Ireland, Poland, and every other oppressed or struggling nationality. The Maori and Indian, destitute of national press, must submit to many slanderous and calumnious imputations, without the power of reply. Ireland has a national press ; and, therefore, England's constant endea vour is either to muzzle or tie down that press that she may work her will on Ireland, without being incommoded by the comments or remon strances of other nations. This is rather a long digression ; but its scope is to prove how little dependence is to be placed in ihe one-sided statements of the triumphant Protestant party, avowedly dishonest and aggressive, and whose only means of self- vindication is the blackening of the character of the aggriaved Catholic. Now pass to Cromwell's career in Ireland, which, a? I have treated at some length in a previous letter, it is not necessary that I should repeat but merely confine myself to a few illustrative facts. The Catholics who had been persecuted and massacred under the royal government as rebels* were still more vigorously persecuted and massacred under the Parliamentary Government as loyalists, till at length there was little more left of them, than was sufficient to populate the comparatively desolate region of Connaught. Thither they were now driven by Cromwell, under the menace of a proclamation that ' all of them who after a specified time, should be found in any other part of the kingdom, man woman or child, might be killed by anybody who saw and not them,' while their estates, amounting to nine-tenths of the landed property of the country, were divided among his officers, and soldiers, and among those adventurers who had advanced money for the war. A survey of all Ireland being made for this purpose, the best land was rated at four shillings an acre, and some at a penny ; and the soldiers drew lots in what part of the kingdom their portion should be assigned them. ' ? No man, ' says Carte 'had so great shares as they who had been instru ments to murder the King. What lands they vveie pleased to call 'unprofitable,' which were thrown in gratis, they returned as such, let tliem be never so good, and profitable.' 'Lord Antrim's estate,' says the same author, ' con sisting of. 107,611 acres, was allotted to Sir J. Olutworthy (afterwards Lord Massareen) and a few others, in consideration of their adventures and pay, which did not in all exceed the sum of £.700.: . . ?;?'..? v' .Among other enactments against Catholics at this period, the price of £5, was set on the Head of a Roman Catholic Priest— being exactly the same sum offered by the same legislators for the head of a wolf. ? '? ? ; The soldiers of Cromwell were told by their leader that the Irish were to be treated as the Canaahites were by Joshua, 'who take all the snorts of the cities, and the cattle for a prey un to themselves, and smote every man with the sword, until they had destroyed them, neither left they any to breathe.' Cromwell's account of the surrender of Dro £»heda (when being admitted on promise of quar ter,' he slaughtered during a period of five days not./only'the jgarrison, but priests and women and [children, j is a precious' sample of that. per- version of religion, which finds such favour with '' ' ?? i '?mj.: iiiirpli -,ii r - i TO i I Orange ' societies or (not -tq offend ears polite) Protestant Pphtical Associatioiifl.,. V' I,.(w.isl-)'n ?' that all' honest hearts may give the glory of j this to God alone, to whom indeed the praise of ' this mercy belongs.' It is well known that this perfidious murderer in his dying moments, had great misgivings (as well he might) as to his being in a state of grace. We may very well conceive that the conscience of this bold bad man could not be quieted in hi3 dying hour, but conjured up the spectres of the slaughtered vic tims of Drogheda, whose blood even as Abel's cried to Heaven for vengeance. Pass we now to the reign of Charles II. The Catholics as we have seen were the last in the three kingdoms to lay down the royr-1 banner after suffering all but extermination in its defence, and how was their devotion re warded at the Restoration. In order to furnish a pretext for conforming Cromwell's robberies, it was easily and unblushingly declared, that the : royalist Catholics were . rebels, and that havicg been conquered by his Majesty's Protestant sub jects (meaning Cromwell, Ireton, etc., the men that brought his father to the block,) ..their estates and possessions became vested, in the Crown. On this monstrous and insulting false hood, the act of settlement was founded, 'by which,' says Lord Clare ' seven millions eight hundred thousand acres of land were set out to tb,e motley crew of English adventurers, civil and military', nearly to the total exclusion of the whole of the inhabitants of the island.' It was among the authors of this memorable act of spoliation,., that the. idea of excluding Ca tholics from' .the-' House of Commons fiist origi nated. Catholics having to be despoiled their concurrence was hardly to be expected, and though the House was of Cromwell's own pick ing, being almost entirely composed of those soldiers and adventurers who were to become by this measure the proprietors of three fourths of Ireland, yet. unwilling that Catholics should have even a share in the debates, they endea voured, to exclude them altogether from the House, by rendering the Oath of Supremacy an indispensable qualification for a ssat in it. The attempt was successfully resisted as an invasion of the prerogative, and the few Catholics who were members of it, had the melancholy privi lege of witnessing the formal transfer of so large a portion of the country to men 'who,' as Swift says, 'gained by rebellion what they and their fellow- countrymen lost by their loyalty.' When the memorials of the Catholics in justifi cation of their claims were discussed before the English Council, the Commissioners from the Irish Parliament, who attended upon this occa sion, however they differed, says Lord Claren don upon their private interests, all agreed in their implacable malice to the Irish, ' insomuch that they concurred in their desire, that they might gain nothing by the King's return, but be kept with the same rigour and incapacity to do hurt, which they were then under. And though eradication was too foul a word to be uttered m the hearing of a Christian Prince, yet it was little less or better that they proposed in other words, and hoped to attain. ' ; There is one peculiarity connected with this reign which is worthy of note — the Euglish ministry tried to get up a rebellion in Ireland but failed. ?' . When that quintessence of bigotry and absurdity the Popish Plot, (whose madness has infected England's policy ever since,) was at its highest, it was thought a reflection on the authenticity of the conspiracy, that Ireland did not corroborate it by her experience. In addi tion to the ordinary provocations of Benal Laws, menaces of extermination, etc, erstaaissaries were despatched throughout the country in search of informers arid witness, and the example of the pen sioned Oates held out to tempt villanies of every creed and class into the same path of prosperity. But 'all would not do. The Duke of Ormond also, who was Lord Lieutenant, by preventing through his influence the passing of the Test Act, and the Bill for the expulsion of Catholic Peers from Parliament, effectually preserved the peace, alleging that he was opposed to those measures 'in conscience as well as in prudence, because he know no reason why opinion should take away a man's birthright.' The only victim that the Protestant agitators could lay their hands on, was the Roman Catho lie primate of Ireland, Pluriket, 'A wise and sober man,' says Burnet, 'fondof living quietly, and in subjection to the Government, without engaging in intrigues of state.*' This made no. difference to his persecutors. He was hurried to Eiiglaud, and. condemned, and executed at, Tyburn, -.on the accusation of suborned wit nesses,;' who,' according to. the same, Burnet ' hearing that England, ; w.asi ihen, disposed to hearken to good swearer's,' thquglit' themselves well quali fiedi for the employment?',1 : ' ' ' . ! . .-.. ujil f.r-.AN IRISH PR'OtoTl-i'NT V.(rA ' ..,[,'- i ^^A-tfD.EKST-.AN QfiANGEMAN'/ ??? ' J' ©ATHpLic'EDUCA^roN. — Owiii&tb; tHe\desjikic: , Hion oWh'e'rbom'in Vffictf^W^ffiMee^'fiave' lixdd theirdmWetkfg^ the;niBx& monthly meeting. will be held en 'Thursday evening, the. 14th instant, in St. Mary's Seminary. 