ANCIENT SWISS VINES, Mr.-- 'David Thomson (see p. 209), after oJSering some remarks on a letter of mine, Bays, ' I am entirely at a loss to understand why b vine confined to one rod of say 20 feet in length, and so managed that it developes and matures in health a certain amount of foliage and young wood, should not have roots in proportion to its branches quite as well as if it had three rods.' This is not difficult to explain. A vine has 20 feet of rafter for its hepd, and is yearly cat back to that limit, whilst the roots have the range of a well-made border, and when that border is exhausted they often take possession of the kitchen garden in front of the range of vineries. In such cases root and branch are not evenly balanced, and more water or crude sap is pumped up than the small amount of leaves exposed to the sun's raja can digest, the consequence of which is bad f rait and early decay of the vines. All my experionoo convinces me that limited stems and oaves , and unlimited roots, are the causes of most of the diseases that affect not only vines, but also other fruit trees. There are, doubt-. leas, many vineries treated on the one or two rafter system that have 'done their duty ' for many years, but this is only a proof that the vine is like the costermongor'B donkey, an animal which will stand a large amount of bad usage before it gives .in. Most gardeners are proud of their well- trained peaoh, pear, and plum trees, and I would ask, what harm has the vine done that it should be yearly converted into a broom handle ? Mr Thomson says that some ' ancient author 'has informed him that there are vineyards on the Continent' 500 years old, managed as we manage raspberries? Where are they to be seen ? If there is one vineyard in existence how in full bearing that was planted 68 years before Joan of Aro drove the English army out of Orleans, it is worth going some distance to see. I. have, examined many thousand acres, and I am unable now to tell your' readers where one vineyard (managed on the broom -handle system) is to be seen in full vigor over 40 years of age. Many ' give up the ghost ' at an earlier age, all through being yearly cut down like raspberries. Mr Thomson says that the length of days that has been ' placed to the credit of the extension system has not yet been so clearly proven, but that it might probably leave some doubt in the minda of the judges of the court whether the criminal was guilty or not guilty. To my mind no doubt exists on the subject, and it would be interesting to know how many vineries in England are now in full vigor, and 50 years old. In the early part of last year I gave your readers a short description of a fine old vine that grows on the top of an old wall on the south slope of Mount Saleve. There are two more within five miles of this place that are 'weel worth gaen a mile to see.' One is in the village of Sacconex, and the other in that of Bardonex. The united circumference of these ; three fine old vines is exactly 10 feet 8 inches. : The Bardonex vine covers some old pear trees, and at a foot from the ground the stem i measures 4 feet 6 inches in circumference. The proprietor^ M. Jean du Bois, is delighted : to show visitors this fine old monarch, which yearly produces grapes to refresh him in hot WAftt.ViAr. -ftYifJ a.-cr\aaa nf nrnnrl vpd roinA fn tiromvi him when ' chill November's stormy blasts lay fields arid forests bare.' He is a very kind man, in his 84th year, and one of the very few, remaining actors that took a part in the terrible drama that was acted 53 years ago on the plains of Waterloo. Since then he. has lived quietly on the property of his forefathers. This fine 'hale green tree,' the vine, has been of late years badly used by boys and goats climbing up the stem in quest of foliage and fruit; but notwithstanding, I saw it a month ago showing fine bunches. One branch hangs from the top of old pear trees in the shape of a U, and forms a swing for children. I am unable to give the exact age of this fine vine. M. du Bois's grandmother died 60 years ago at the age of 97 and it was an old vine when she was a child. ? I have every reason to think that it is about 300 years old, and perhaps 100 years more. The Sacconex vine formerly, covered a public tea garden, and now covers five plum trees, In winter the twisted stems look like huge black serpents among the plum branches. .The main stem is .upwards of an English foot in diameter, and grows in the centre of the hedge that divides the public road from the proprietor's garden. This vine has produced yearly for some generations over a Maconaise of wine (180 English quarts,) A sight of the vines in autumn, when the grapes are ripe, hanging over the turnpike roads, - forms a real treat, such as we never experience ia Britain — no, not even under the ' orchard house ' system'. — John A. Watson, Cavipagne' Lammermoor, Geneva, Stoitzerland. — Gar- deners' Chronicle. . -: ., ' It is now , tolerably certain that the vintage will be an early one. We have received from the vineyard of Mr Grosse, Strathfieldsaye, near Sandhurst, a basket of fine grapes of the pineau noir and Wane varieties. We are in formed, that ripe grapes of the same varieties were gathered in this vineyard ten days ago. The grain in the Glenlyon district is , all cut, and the thrashing machine has commenced work. With a few exceptions the yield is ex-: pected to turn out satisfactorily. Mr Campbell, of Lyon Bank, has a thirty acre paddock, which he believes will give close on thirty bushels to the acre. . Mr O'Neill, of the same place, has also a splendid crop,' one paddock of which he confidently anticipates will yield as muoh as, v forty bushels to the acre. ? ? ?? The people of Newstead are already making 'preparations for their annual agricultural show. A .meeting of the committee was held on Monday evening, to take the necessary pre paratory steps. There was no date - settled upon for holding the show, but it wbb generally understood that it would be held the third week in March. The funds having come to hand, the prizes due from- last year's show are now available. , ' i The benefit to be derived from a well- worked system of irrigation (says a local paper) can be seen to advantage by a visit to ,Mr J. H. Dar dell's vineyard, orohard, and ornamental grounds at Batesford. The property, so well known, is admirably situated in a bend of the river Mor rabool. The orohard, which adjoins the river, is on level ground, the vines and orangeries, being planted on a slight incline, at the foot of which is a large iagdori. By means of a force pump and pipes water is forced up from the river into the lagoon, and from thenoe con veyed throughout the. grounds. The conse quence is, that while many of our vigneronsare complaining of the drought and the consequent scaroity and smollness of frnit, Mr Dardell's vines and trees revel in a moist soil and were never more heavily laden than they are this year. . , The reports of the results of the harvest are anything but satisfactory from many; of the agricultural districts. The returns at the Little River and about the Werribee and plains are said to be miserable in the extreme. It would appear that the farmers in these places will not' have a sixth of what they had last year. The correspondent of a local paper states that the continued drought is rendering that part of the country a desert. It is a sad Bight, he says, as one rides about to Bee dead horses, cows, calves, and sheep on all sides, and the few re maining cattle barely able to walk about. In the experience of the oldest settler on thoso plains nothing like . this drought has been known. On all hands squatters and farmers are busily engaged in sending their stock away to other places for pasture. About 20,000 have been sent away from the Werrlbeo Park Station, and we hetr that about 20,000 moro have been sold during the last few months from the samo place, 