THE SPIBITUALISTIO COMMISSION. {From the Examiner and London Review.) The appointment of a commission to inquire into the habits and customs which obtain in the other world is, even in these times, a novelty. So far as the results of the inquiry have been published, we do not learn very much that is new; but there are several curious points in the report which are certainly worthy of notice. Hitherto the anxious inquirer who would fain believe in spiritualism has ordinarily .met .with the stumbling-block about the clotlies which Bpirits wear. A ghost walking about in.a perpetual dress-coat provokes inquiries about the constitution and origin of the shadowy garment. However, one lady informed the sitting committee that she had seen a naked spirit. She failed to describe its appearance, although " the figure was defined." She remarked, nevertheless, that this rude ghost produced a noise like the rustling of Bilk, from which we are led to infer that a spirit which walks about clad in sound is not such a creature as a lady would care accurately to describe. * * * The committee, our readers may not be aware, was appointed by the Dialectical Society, a small body which has come into prominence once or twice of late. The first meeting of the committee was held lastweek ; and the statements made at the meeting are detailed in the Eastern Morning Post, whence we cull these few particulars. The first witnesB, we are given to understand, was a barrister, and therefore likely to be capable of valuing evidence. There was no vague hesitation about this gentleman's attitude; he at once plunged into an arrangement of spiritual phenomena, and proceeded to describe the various groups. He was strong on the subject of "levitations;" and evidenced the "levitation" of Mr. Home, when that ingenious person was carried out of one window in a house tind put in at another. This is a form of amusement which might have serious consequences. We know that spirits are imperfect beings. They sometimes meet with difficulties in spelling. They have been known to play out of tune; and they have produced pictures suggestive of colour- blindness. Now, it is just possible that they might over estimate their strength in engaging to " levitate" an ordinary stout medium, and be compelled to drop him midway into some back-garden. The barrister also referred to the " levitations " of inanimate objects, in which the spirits also delight. He had seen a piano in his house raised horizontally off tho ground, and kept there for two or three minutes. Other observers have also described their seeing a whole square of houses being whirled rapidly round, accompanied by a peculiar manifestation on the part of the lamp-posts, by which they seemed to be doubled in number. However, what invariably puzzles us about "levitations" is that the spirits should so gratuitously throw away their power upon useless experiment. Since lifting a ton or two is a matter of no moment to them, why should they not bo induced to give us a helping hand in the affairs of life ? We do not want our pianos suspended in the air, because they might come down suddenly and with disastrous results ; but we do want vehicles drawn, and stones carried, and scaffolding raised, and so forth. If, for example, the contractors for the building of the new lawcourts could engage Mr. Home to prevail upon a band of willing spirits to assist in that great undertaking, we should begin to forgive the spiritual world its sins in the way of bad "grammar, imperfect music, and blundering divination. This band of workmen would need no food, would waste no hours upon breakfast or dinner, would go without pay, and never grumble if compelled to work overtime—in short, they would be most invaluable servants, if they could only be persuaded to keep in good temper and play no pranks. Of course, the other workmen would have to remain at a respectful distance; because, if a cock happened to crow when a particular company of spirits were "levitating" a block "of granite, a catastrophe might occur. We commend this notion to Mr. Lowe; if he insists upon the embankment site he will need all the cheapening aid he can get. Some other phenomena mentioned by the barrister are sufficiently singular; and two ladies volunteered testimony as to his fidelity of description. The barrister (and the ladies, too, we presume) " witnessed the elongation and shortening of Mr. Homo's person many times." This does not seem to us a spiritual manifestation ; but no matter. "At Mr. S. 0. Hall's, about three months ago, Mr.- Home and Miss Bertolacci were simultaneously elongated." It must be comforting, when one finds oneself being slowly drawn out, like a telescope, to know that if the spirits forget to reverse the process one will have a companion in that exalted and unfortunate state. Giants exhibit best in pairs. The barrister then mentioned instances of persons having, uninjured, taken liberties with fire. A metal bell, heated to redness, was placed in a lady's hand without causing pain. Lord Adare held in his palm a live coal. Mr. Home put his head into flames, and the flames ran through his hair, without his receiving any injury. In the days of the miracle-plays, Mr. Home would have been invaluable in the character of Shadrach, Meshech, or Abednego; the remaining two figures could have been represented by dummies previously placed inside the oven. " The Hon. Mrs. H " now took up the wondrous tale, and described the events of a certain Sunday evening at her house.' She and her companions were seated in a room " which would have been dark but for the moonlight." First, there came a rap at the window; then a figure appeared; and, finally, figures came trooping in by dozens. The first effect of this spiritual visitation was that the atmosphere grew wonderfully cold, which is a suggestion that the spirits had not come from below. The spirits did little beyond glare with bright eyes. However, one of the company made a witty remark, and all the spirits laughed with joy. This is a gratifying discovery. If our future fate is to be condemned ignominiously to play accordions and scroll names on paper for the benefit of a number of elderly ladies, one feels glad that there is also a prospect of our retaining the capacity for laughter. With bright eyes wo shall still be able to read our favourite humourists, and with vocal organs we shall still be able to express our delight. But it was the same lady who declared that the spirits went about even less clad than the young ladies of a transformation scene; and this prospect is somewhat calculated to damp our anticipations. " Schreckliches Gesicht! " cries Faust, the first time he sees a ghost; and if it is permitted to spirits that they may wander everywhere, including into my lady's chamber, it is to be hoped that the property master will henceforth not allow them to go out without their togas and kilts. " 1, The fatal fallacy involved in the demand for separate schools lurks" in the quiet assumption that children are to be taught in common schools all they are to know—in other words, that education is found in the schoolhouse alone. But, though every boy (and we think every girl also) should be taught a trade, we do not assume to teach trades in common schools, and a parent might as reasonably object to a public school that it fails to make boys good carpenters or blacksmiths as that it fails to make them good Baptists or Catholics. A good trade may be more essential to a youth than a knowledge of arithmetic; yet our common schools teach the latter, not the former, and so of the art of reading on the one hand, and the Nicene Creed on the other. " 2. Our case is made far stronger by the fact that ample and efficient provision is made outside of our common schools for religious instruction. Not merely churches of every faith, but Sunday-schools wherein every child is welcomed and gratuitously taught, are found in great abundance in every part of our city and suburbs, where the demand for separate schools is most formidable. The state sets apart one day in each week, and that the Lord's Day of most Christians, for physical rest and religious culture, and constrains even those who are not Christians to render it an outward and formal deference. The intermission of productive labour, the closing of tho grogshops and beer 'saloons, the quiet, decorum, and order generally maintained, peculiarly adapt this day to the inculcation of religious truth ; and it is very generally improved. No child who really desires religious instruction can fail to obtain here such as he prefers, unless forbidden by his parents. The Sundayschool, though of modern date and nonclerical Protestant origin, has been adopted by the Boman Catholics as a part of their regular machinery of inculcation and training ; and they are pushing it with an energy and success which proves them apt scholars, and nowise averse to novelty when a point is to be made by it. If any child in New Tork lacks religious instruction, the fault is its parents' or its own. " We hold, therefore, that it is unnecessary and unwise to disperse or re- distribute our common school pupils iu accordance with the dogmatic or ecclesiastical leanings of their parents respectively; that the inconvenience and cost of so doing would immensely overbalance its benefits. We should need far mora schools ; yet our children would have to travel much further to reach one of the preferrod theological stripe than at present. Wo do not decide that soundness of faith is of little consequence. Far from it. We only insist that provision is already mado for theological instruction apart from our common schools, and that there is no need of making such provision within them. The Eoman Catholic and the Protestant coincide with respect to spelling and grammar ; the Trinitarian and tho Unitarian are in perfect accord as to mathematics, at least in their application to all mundane affairs. Then why not allow them to read and cipher from the same text-books on weok-days, and learn theology in their respective churches and Sunday-schools on tho Lord's Day? This seems to ua the dictate of economy, convenience, and good sense. "3. At present the reading of a brief extract from the Christiap scriptures is a part of the daily routine in our schools; the Catholic version being used where Catholics predominate. Hebrews and other non- Christians might plausibly object to this as unfair, yet we have never heard of their doing so; and tho late Archbishop Hughes vehemently protested that he had been falsely accused of objecting to the bible in schools. If the bible is made" a Protestant Shibboleth, tho true way for Catholics to defeat this is to disclaim any unwillingness on their part to have it read; and this they generally do. We presume no single child was ever converted from the Catholic to any Protestant faith, or vice versa, by the use made of the bible in our schools." The Tribune appealed to men of intelli gent liberal minds of every creed to stand by the common school system, and not allow it to be pulled to pieces, averring that if human experience was not a blind guide, a people could not be generally and adequately instructed in schools directed and managed by numerous diverse sacerdotal corporations. 