IMPERIAL FRANCE. I fell in the Daily News, June 12 ' I ONE of the most interesting features of the present elections is the new tendency of the youth of the upper classes in France. Six years ago (in 1863) many illusions and many traditional ideas were still in force, and the mode of life that a man or a man's family) foresaw in the immediate future was a very different one to what it is now. Let us take a young man of eighteen or nineteen, and one of twenty-four, six years ago. Suppose he belongs to the family of a country gentleman with limited fortune, but some standing in his department. If he is eighteen or nineteen, he is thinking for his future of one of three things only ; either of going into the army, or of getting named by some special favour (but indirectly so, in order to escape the obligations of gratitude) in the ranks of the Conseil d'Etat ; or (and this is the far most numerous class of doing nothing at all, and getting by some influence or some lucky chance, a rich wife, chosen from the low-born rich, who have sprung up under the Empire. Six years ago these were the three " modes of life " looked forward to by men under twenty and by their families. Of political life there was no notion-that was tacitly left to those who were used to it," above all, to the dwellers in towns, and to writers, professors, &c.; So far the men under twenty ; but the men just under the legal age of twenty-five were, if anything, still more without ambition, or desire for public activity. If already married, they were looking forward at the utmost to some improvement in agriculture as a means of occupying their years beneficially, and if not yet married, they were planning (with their female relatives) how they should soonest attain to that excellent consummation. If in the army, they were losing their time in provincial garrisons, and waiting for the moment (which must infallibly come) of national glory, destined to prove that for well-born gentlemen the military career was the only career left in France. All this is altered now; and for those who know France and the various sections of her society well there has been no greater change at any period of her history. This change has come very suddenly, but it is most important, for it has come with the absolute certainty that war is impossible. Even a year ago this was a subject for discussion. Would or could anything bring about a war ? Might, as in the past, some " hazard" all at once set fire to the powder that was lying about everywhere ? There was no reasonable cause for a war, but still would it not suddenly break out? and, once plunged into, why, of course, France would show herself the military nation she had always been, and the entire country would associate itself passionately with the fortunes of the army. It is this which is destroyed-all this. He " hazard " can possibly set fire to the powder that impious hands have, it is true, strewn about. War will not suddenly " break out," because no one will dare to help in such a work and if it did, France would not show herself enthusiastic at all but just the reverse, and the " entire country would array itself resolutely against whoSoever tried to force or entrap it into a war, and no power, unless gratuitously, senselessly attacked from without, would be strong enough now to make France go to war. The military effervescence of other days is gone, and this race of men who are beginning to think out democratic problems, and to coalesce in what they believe to be common interests, will resist absolutely any attempt to convert them into chair a connors. " War, as a " way out, is now forbidden Napoleon III., and he knows it. It is a worn out remedy, and no longer applies. The time is gone by for it. But this, while it hems, the Emperor and his Government into a much narrower circle than has ever been the lease before, precisely enlarges the sphere of activity of the young men of the upper classes. It will ere long be ridiculous to make a soldier of a Fils de famille, and this forces him to regard politics as a field for competition. The consequence is that the men over five-and- twenty here this time thrown themselves into, the electoral contest with real ardour, and that the lads under twenty follow what is going on all but passionately. This is an utterly novel state of things in France, and was certainly not to be foreseen, even two years ago. But there it is now, and it brings with it a mental condition which those who are trying to govern France must reckon with. Even women grow political now, and the merits of the various candidates (even the extreme ends) are discussed with a shade more of tolerance and fairness than one could ever have supposed possible. A curious point to observe in all this is the position of the clergy. The priest in France unless he belong to the very superior portion of the body ecclesiastical mostly military minded. War is a thing he takes in easily ; it enters into those ways of government which his mind thoroughly understands, and of all methods of preventing a man from too much or too deep thinking, none seems simpler or more generally successful than to devote him to drill and glory. This . sudden change in the French temper perplexes the mass of the clergy sorely, and assuredly the Revolution of 1848, toppling over thrones as it did, frightened the clerical mind far less from its propriety than do the strange theories which are propounded now on all sides about universal peace, education, the settlement of the relationships between capital of and labour, and the unrestricted exchange between all nations, of whatsoever each can produce most naturally, and at the smallest cost. These are the questions that trouble and perplex the priest in every country and these are beginning to attract the attention of the youthful minds which timid patents have consigned to his care. What is to be done? It is a very complicated case, and it was so much wiser to make soldiers of these boys,, and let them take their chance on European battle-fields. But there comes a corollary to all this, of which, as yet, people have not begun to think. War I repeat, as a " way out" is no longer to be, adverted to. It is an impossibility, which is an immense gain, but, as matters stand at present, a negative gain. TÇhere will be no war. Of that thinking men here are now perfectly certain but if the war-ghost is to go -haunting-France^andfEurope-löng after the" actual demise of war itself, only half the goods achieved. When will be first pronounced the great word " disarmament," and who will utter it? It is the next step-who will take it?' Probably for some years France would go on wast- ing money on useless armaments. Prussia would say that she dared not be the first to dis- arm. There are certain economical considera- tions which may settle the question in another quarter. Who knows whether Austria, long so sorely tried may not be the first to speak the I word of which every other country feels the necessity ? 