THE CAPE GOLD FIELDS. The following letter, which appeared ih this morning's Mount Alexander Mail from a miner who left Castlemaine for the new Eldorado, should be a warning to other men who are thinking of leaving Victoria on similar wild goose chases .' — ' Natal, December 16, 1868. I arrived hero on the 12th inst. t told you ia my last that Mauritius was dreadfully unhealthy. Three of our party were laid up with the fever. I fortunately escaped. We were detained a lew daya in conse quence, but it matters but little, I am sorry to say, for to our great disgust we tound that nearly all tbe reports we had heard regarding the gold-fields were d— d lies. The so-called diggings have been worked by 14 men for twelve months, during which time they have only knocked out some 3oz of gold — distance certainly lends enchant ment to the view — for few heie appear to know anything about the diggings. One large merchant of this place has evidently been the cause ol circulating so many false reports, He showed us some quarts from which he said he could get 60oz to the ton, which I am sure would not go a penoy weight. [ think the fellow must be cracked, for he allowed us to try a prospect of them, and after pounding and washing a dishful of the moat likely looking elone, we failed to discover the ghost ot a speck, nor could we find a single colour on any of tbe lot he had. It ever a fellow deserved lynching he oertainly does, and I shold not mind making one to do it. Most people are oi the opinion that the two specimens that were sent home came first from Australia ; at any rate, nothing like them has ever been found here before or since. I had some conversation with a German banker, who told me that an Englidli prospecting party, formed on tne strength of the aforesaid specimens, was expected to arrive in the course of a few days, so I have decided on waiting their arrival. The diggings are do end of a distance up country. Quite a Burke and Wills affair. No provisions the last 400 miles. No chance of swaggiog it here. It will cost £40 per mm for the purchase of waggon, bullocks, pro visions, etc., consequently we have thought it advisable to hold on a week till tbe prospectors make their appearance, and then try and join with them. In for a penny in for a pound ; we are come so lar and are bent on seeing a little of the country, but whatever you do stay where you are till you hear from me again. Do all you can to prevent Victorians coming over You conld not get anyone to leave Natal for the diggings if you paid them. I hear there are some old Otago diggers here, but I have not been able to drop in with tbem. Again I nay stay where you are. You remember Mount Hope rush or Mount Hoax, as it was calle 1. There is a good deal of ditto about this affair, something not quite the pure merino. By the way, I tried to get a job at my trade to pass time, but it wouldn't wash. The Kaffirs work for next to nothing, 12e per month, and two feeds oi sweet potatoes a day; and aa for living being so very cheap, you can five as cheaply in Victoria as here. Fruit is about the only cheap thinji I have seen as yet— 3d for thirty peaches, and the same amount for ten melons. ... I will write as soon as ever I can get a chance of doing so. I wish I was back in Guildford again ; catch me coming on a wild gojse chase again, that's all. — Yours, etc., Haeby Way. 