A SNIPE EAID TO BOGGY PLAT. "I think wo might smash a braco or two of snips at Boggy Flat what do yon say to a trip there on Saturday next t" said my friend s., as wo sat by our oamp- flro disgusted and tired, having waded nearly tho wl.olo day through swamps in search of long-rills with- out having seen the ghost of ono. I expressed gravo doubts as to tho possibility of thoro hoing any to smash in that locality ; and as I had no particular desire to go thirty miles, perchance, only to bo sold again, I at Urst declined. It was, indeed, no joke to have como twenty- flvo miles, and wado for six or seven hours through I cold swamps, somotlmes up to ono's waist, without being rewarded with a single point, and now to be asked to visit a swamp thirty miles from Bathurst so carly in tho season os tho 14th August, was moro thou could bo oxpected from tho most ardent sportsman, and I could not help humming for my friend's edification-" Oh, dear, no 1 not for Joe," d-o. Old "Blazes," my friçntfs pot pointer, seemed to bo in much tho samo iranio of mind atftnyself, for on our return to the camp, " Drod," our retrlovor, thinking, no doubt (that Is, If dogs cun think,-and, really, I sometimes think they can) as ho had not an opportunity of displaying his olfactory powers in finding dead snlpo, ho might, now tho tolls of tho day were ovor, indulge in a game of canine lenp-fros .with "Blazes." Scarcely, howover, had,!" Drcd" (commenced his ' facetiousness, when, to his astonishment, " Blazes" wont quietly for his throat, and If he didn't glvo " Dred" a Jolly good licking, I never saw a dog got one. Having administered what he thought a fair dose, " Blazes" throw himsolf under a largo tree and grumbled himself to sleep. But to return to the subjeot. Mr S. had evidently set his heart upon going to Boggy Flat, and as he intended leaving shortly for Sydney, and wished If possible to obtain a good day's snipe-shooting before going, I, after repeated solicitations to chance it, gave way, and before wo were In tho arms of Morpheus that night, it was arranged to the Boggy Flat wo should go the following Saturday. ... " ... Now, bo it known, for tho. information of all ray sporting UFCllirOll Willi Hilly MUfc.iHipi«:»» lu nuui» niivio JJ"Bb/ * JO, ÜUMI it is situated about thirty miles south-east of Bathurst, and ls the principal water-shed of tho Macquarie I.Ivor, there callod the Fish Hiver, or|Bpggy I'lat. Daylight on Saturday found us on our way for tile aforesaid swamp, and as wo had a good nag and a light buggy, wc got over the road (a very bad ono) nt a fair paco. « e howover, paid a visit to ono or two smnll swamps on our way- with- out success. This, of course, delayed us : considerably, and It was not until two o'clock, p.m., that wa reached the summit of tho .hill which ovorlooks Boggy Flat. Hastily releasing our nag from tito buggy, and giving him something to amuse himself within tho shape of corn und oats, we proceeded to concoal some sandwiches nnd a drop of tho " Duke's" best jamaica about our persons. Whilst thus engaged wo had also timo to feast our eyes upon the scene before us. Oh ! what a glorious sight for a sportsman I A . Bwamp three milos In length, and in some places nearly a milo in width, to the oyo at a dlstanco as lcvol as' a bllllard-tablo, nnd quito as grceu, but ns you neared . It you might seo tho limpid ¡ water sparkling in tho sun, and tho long green rushes and grass bonding to the light cool breeze as If to conceal still moro tho gamo they secreted. Hundreds of ducks of all kinds could we seo i swimming and larking about apparently as hsppy as ducks could <bo. Lucky for yo, Oh, Ducks 1 that lt was tho closo season, or that Saturday would, have been long remembered by nome of yo. " AVhnt n sight!" exclaimed Mr S., as wo stood gazing ' on the spectacle uoforo us: "If," he continued, "thcro is ' n spot in this world whore I should think Snipey would imagino ho could livu in completo happiness and suck salina waters to lils heart's content, without fear of molestation, I should say lt would be here. It ls, Indeed, a solitary looking spot, and I don't supposo a allot liad been tired over that swamp for months, gamo of all kinds being exceedingly tame, tho ducks, I observed, wore especially confiding : but this, perhaps, arose from tho fact tliut they were brooding. Uuns in hand, accompanied by our dogs, wo proceeded to tho edge of the swamp _" Blazes " anxlosly walting for orders, ho was evidently longing to wet his feet. Hie on Blazes I but that old experienced file gazed Into our faces for a moment or two as if ho wore saying, "Is this another swindleÍ or nm I to bo rewarded for.my labours f" and then plunged In, And here, door BELL, permit mo to devinto from this «pun out yarn, for a moment or two excuse tho word yarn ; for, although perhaps not olegant, it ls very expressive, and permit mo to make a few romnrks regarding snlpo shooting without dogs. Borne undeniably good authors In tho mother country, of vast oxporloneo In nil matters relating to the gun and dog. think and ailinn that tho sportsman requires no dog for hunting when snlpo shooting. Excellent writers, too, on tho . same subfect In your contemporary tho Auntmlaalan aro (with ono or two exceptions) of tho samo opinion. Hover having shot In great snipe countries, such ns Great Britain, India, Germany, or ovon In victoria, I can form no Idea as to »ho kind of cover f[rowing In tho swamps or fons In those countries. I have lind, lowover, great oxporloneo in this kimi of shooting In N.5. W., and havo come to the conclusion that In this colony in seasons during which wo have had n fair supply of rain, dogs aro required for snlpo ; ard certainly in tho swampi about which I havo boen writing, In any season, a sportsman would Hud a well- broken careful dog of tho greatest possible assistance, for Ibero aro ninny pi't spots whore man could not tread without ru n li I ll g n groat chanco of being swallowed up. Besides, lu many swamps In tho "Western district, in summer months, «hero tho cover ls thick, I havo known snipe almost ss illlllcult to get up ns quail. Of this however, I nm quito sure, viz., with .ri good dog in Boggy Flat your bug would bo much larger and tho walking infinitely loss than without ono. Hut I must return to Blazes, whom I loft In tho swamp. Wo walked along tho edge of tho water anxiously watching lits movements, and wo nllowcd him to rango Just as he pleased. The old fellow was dreadfully bothered, for what with tba scent of ducks, apur-wing plover, and land-rail (and with tho latter tho placo was swarming), ho sotnotlmea scarcely knew what to do-ovory hundred yards or so a hraco of black ducks would get up with a whirr or Hap, and loin their com- rades some distance further on. I should Imagino, on that after- noon, we might havu shot, had wo felt inclined, at least a dozen couple, wo had too much respect, however, for tho gama law, to Injure them ; besides as they were breeding, one could form no idea of ibo host of murders wo might be committing, In ahootlng even a brace. I must admit, once or twice I did fool severely tempted to astonish a brace or two-for occasionally they wore so contlding, nay impudent, and would sometimos attack Blazes, who wuuld atop and look back at us ns much as to say, why on earth don't you shoot thom ? Flocks of Spur-wing Plover, too, with that peculiar and hideous rorl-rcrl nolso of theirs would dart at tho dogs, aa if threatening Instant death, if thoy continued to paddie through their pastures in such a rcokloss and unlawful manner. Blazes didn t tako much notice af thom, having had considerable amount of snipo hunting In bis day, ho appeared to I havo soma vague idea what was required ot him. At.last ho carno to a point, and although ordered to flush, ho positively refused to ' move. No, there he stood, Uko a fixture, and as rigid as If stuffed. To find out what was apparently under his nose, and which he seemed to regard with such importance, wo had to send in tho retrievers, " (Jilt" and " JJred," who soon joined him, and then ensued such an exciting chase, and it was not until they returned each with a trophy In tho shane of a young black duck, that wo know what all tho wild careering meant. The mother ot the clutch (for doubtless thoro wero more) was in such a state of mind, and tried all soils of queer dodges to attract our attention. Quacking os loudly os sho could, sho would sham lamoncss, then sho would pretond to bo wounded, and went through various other ruses, too numerous to mention. To caso tho old lady's feelings wo liberated her dear little ducklings, and continued our search for snipe. Matters began to wear a serious aspect, not a snipe as yet. It did certainly look uncommonly like another swindle.gi was about to remark to Mr S that I thought tho season waa not sufficiently advanced for snipe; whoo Blazes again pointed, with difficulty we reached him, "hio on ;" and a moment after up got a brace of the much looked for long billa, with their usual cry of rick rick or skimp skimp; bang bang, and the pair were grassed. Scarcely had wo placed fresh car- tridges into our brccch-loadora, when Gift, who had not down charged flushed half a dozen. Wo both had double shots, but only succeeded in grassing one bird each. Shortly after, a brace terrified with the cannonading that was going on, got up Uko streaked lightning out of a gooseberry bush-mirabtlc dictu, altno' they rose at about 25 yards, we only modo them go up the swamp, as if all the domons in tho Infernal regions were at their tails. That's pretty tall shooting said Mr S, as be oyed the birds going like demons. Yes, I replied, nice to,,como 30 mlle» tn »hoot at snipe however wo musí be cooler. Tho dogs having retrlovod-the »kau, wo again proceeded ; and had not gone far when Blazes again halted. This timo a braco and a half honoured us with their presence, all of which wo doubled up in grand style : tho double shot tallinn to my friends lot, who killed both hls.birds splendidly. Wo now kept in the centre of the swamp, at tho risk ot suddenly disappearing Into some unknown country, for the ground was awfully treacherous. In splto of this however, we shot away raeirlly tho remainder of tho afternoon, making tho surrounding hills echo again with the boora of our guns. Tho birds were not at all wild and although not being very thick, yet there were quite sufficient for us to enjoy ourselves amazingly. Want of timo preven- ted our Beaching tho swamp as we had Intended, and I wound up the afternoon's performances, by a lucky right and loft. Mr S. hero drow my atteutlon to the fact, that the sun had ceased to glide down tho wcstorn sky, a fact of great importance to us, as tho nearest Pub was a couplo of miles off, and wo had to find our way (minus a road) through rather a thick scrub, no oasy task in a buggy. Upon harnessing our nag and concealing some more of the animating fluid about our persons, we proceeded to count our birds, and found that 13 brace had died suddenly, for which we fired35shots, not abad bag of snipe for two and a half hours shooting on the 14th August, 1800 i of course nothing Uko tho bags our Victorian friends sometimes succeed In obtaining, but Mouin very much whether oven they ever bag more In the time, so early in the season. With somo difficulty we reached mino host M'Brides (the aforesaid pub) and weren't tve peckish. Had you soon the ham and chicken disappearing Sell, you would have certainly thought a famine was about to set in, and that we were enjoying our last meal for at least six months. However, unlike tho brook, we could not go on for ever, and ovontually wo had to cry a go, but not until we had demolished overy thing .we could uso the knife and fork upon. Eating having takou away ono's appetite (as Paddy would say) wo smoked tho pipes of sobriety and contemplation, and then retired to rest, well contented with tho afternoon's sport, . Our hearts being big with triumph At tho wonders wo bad dono. Since tho above raid, I have been out on scvoral occasions, and have nearly always obtalnoU good bags. Snipe being more plenti- ful this season in our district, then they have boon for years. ._ rUTEIt TUE HERIitIT._ 