AMONG THE SPIRITUALISTS CBE THE PERIPATETIC I'lULObOI'UER.) The attention which the phenomena of "spiritualism" has recently excited has induced me to put upon paper an account of what happened to me at a series of spirit seatKes" at which I attended, and to set down, clearly and distinctly, the impressions that were made upon my mind by the phenomena I witnessed. In the beginning, let me state that I am an "unbeliever," but that I attended the meetings of the spiritualists ml a simple desire to see what was to be seen, hear what was to be heard, and arrive at an independent conclusion regarding the probability or possibility of such phenomena being caused by the direct agency of the souls of dead people. I apprehend that in reviewing phenomena of this extraordinary nature phenomena which are devoutly believed by some million of people to be heaven-sent, and strenuously declared by others to be blasphemous im witnesses man must be guided in his conclusions entirely by the evidence of his own senses, summed up by such an intellect as nature has vouchsafed to him, and to those many worthy persons who believe in the spiritual explanation of the matter I beg to convey my assurance that, in differing from them, I only vindicate my right to that independence of opinion which they themselves possess. About a month ago I was introduced, by the kindness of a friend, into a circle of professed spiritualists, who, having achieved curious and startling results among themselves, were desirous of spreading that faith in which they themselves believed. It was about 9 o'clock in the evening. The room was half dark, and some 12 or 13 persons to are assembled, four of whom were ladies. The iticrctlulousclrmpnt prevailed. Soveralgeutle men present Riiiegered in bye-corners, and, grouped in twos and threes, forecast a ridiculous termination to the seance. The believers were few in number, and with one exception appeared rather to shrink from argument, taking refuge in the "' Well, I believe I can say no more." Some conversation of that desultory and hesitating kind natural under such circumstances took place :-" Have you ever seen a spirit?" "No, but I have felt one repeatedly." "Have you had communications with Lord Bacon ?" " No, but the spirit of Voltaire has often inspired me' I asked a professed medium if I was a good subject for spiritual influence. He shut his eyes, pressed the eyeball with his finger, and wrinkling his forehead, replied, "No, not in the least." Another person equally sceptical was, however, pronounced to be an admirable medium. I asked the gentleman how he perceived the difference between us, and he said, "Insk my spirits a mental cases tion, and they give me an answer by shocks ; two shocks for no, and three for yes." This medium was slight, pale, dreamy, and I should say, highly nervous. He had the pale coloured, high arched eyebrow, and pointed chin of the visionary. I was informed afterwards that he possessed the clairvoyant power, and could give descriptions of strangers by touching locks of their hair, He turned himself about until he experienced a shock (in the brain which informed him that he was in direct magnetic line with the person whose hair he held, and by asking mental questions of his spirit he could ascertain all about him." I did not test his powers. A circle was formed around a table by this medium-the table having been previously examined by some of the company who were suspicious of hidden machinery and having seated ourselves with our little fingers touch- ing those of our neighbours, we waited for Manifestations. The aspect of matters at this stage was to me somewhat ludicrous. There was no light, save that of a moderator lamp, at what I suppose sportsmen would call half-cock, and a few thin rays of moonlight sinking through the wind-blown blinds. The night was gusty and wild, the windows rattled, the spiritists breathed hard, and from the incredulous . spectators on sofas and chairs came now and then a stilled fitter. I thought of Lamb's party in a parlour, and could with difficulty restrain a desire to laugh. For three-quarters of an hour we sat there, and at last my left-hand neighbour commenced to twitch his fingers and to shudder violently throughout his whole frame. The effect produced was similar to my eyes to the spasmodic rigidity of a galvanised body. By and bye I began to experience slight muscular pains in my left hand, and felt that if I abandoned myself to the influence of the (now deep silence, semi-darkness, and con- tagious nervous sympathy, I could easily induce similar motions. A very slight exercise of self-control, however, again recalled the consciousness of the ludicrous. In a few minutes the spasmodic gentleman grow worse, and I was obliged to change places with him, in order to bring my right hand to bear on his aim. strive my utmost, I could not hold him. He would open his eyes widely, shake his head violently, and strike out, in an epileptic manner, in all directions. This was a manifestation of physical force, but seeing that the poor gentleman's hand was cut, and that his fits became more alarming, a removal from the circle was suggested, and he withdrew to a chair, upon which he had several gratifying accessions of limb-rigidity. Finding that the table round which we take seated did not respond as was expected, the principal medium requested the sceptics to retire, and the circle, to use his expression, "sat for writing manifestations." These were soon obtained. Several gentlemen were seized with horizontal shakings of the aims and rapid vertical movements of the "lists. Having been supplied with pencils and huge sheets of cartridge paper, they commenced to write madly. The pencils traversed the paper with furious eagerness, and communications from spirit-world in letters three inches long were soon obtained. These were for the most sort of a somewhat commonplace nature, being revelations to the effect that " God is truth," " God is love," and so on. I narrowly watched the hands of the mediums, and could see nothing supernatural in their movements. Indeed, I have since attempted the same thing myself, and have found that I can write intelligible sentences just as quickly and far more legibly than the mediums, so that the much-vaunted rapidity of the act of writing, as a proof of its supernatural origin, falls to the ground. By the courtesy of the host, I was permitted to take away one of these communications-the last and most important. Here it is "The minds of the circle are not in a condition for you to communicate freely on subjects of importance, but we see among you several who would be benefited by any news agent manifestations more than by physical ones. The manifestations most suited to fun bailable) is something that will demonstrate at intelligence apart from the wind of the circle. For that purpose it were better that you should have commenced in your usual manner ; your sitting in conjunction with in not in Wnpntny with you has so un settled your condition that we cannot write on those subjects which would be evidence to them. You had better arrange another meet in, and see that all conditions are favourable W e could then write appropriately or answer any questions which may arise." Upon this the writing ceased, who arranged a meeting for that day week, and a lad; medium was moved to play the piano. The Performance has been already noticed by the press, and has been stated to be something uncommon. It did not seem so to me. Then was a good deal of rumbling in the bass and tinkling in the treble, and some affecting Pauses where one least expected them. Soon Persons present were much delighted ; to myself, I have heard music played from must works in the natural way that I preferred The room was dark all this time, as th flints did not like to make the medium play by candlelight. There was no imposture, however, as far as the playing went, and the lady's hands were quite cold, the temperature of the room being high. She also had mild fits at intervals, After this We conversed in an objectless argumentative manner and looked over books of spirit-writing. I approached these with reverence, and left them with disappoint- ment. Stale scraps of morality, fag-end of texts, and ill-suited platitudes, formed the staple of the ghostly counsel given to man. Some few sentences were worth preserving, but the majority of the matter seemed to me like nothing so much as the maundering piety of those wandering bush preachers who pour forth their unceasing stream of adjoetived re- duplication from the big stump near the Pound on a Sunday summer's evening. A communication from Cromwell was characteristic, being terse and a little rude. I have, however, read observations put into that great man's month by Sir Walter Scott which are even more characteristic still. At the next seance-convened by spirit direction-it was suggested that the mediums should "sit," and that the sceptics should remain outside. This being done, and the lights turned out, a great deal of writing took place, and ultimately the principal medium said that the spirits had informed him that they were ready to reply to any pertinent questions." A gentleman present put a somewhat metaphysical query about the origin of thought, which was answered in a remarkably vague manner. I asked of the spirits if any of my dead relatives were present, and, if so, how many? The spirits replied, with some exhibition of breeding, "We cannot answer questions relative to the spirits on the plane of the writer. Such questions should be asked in a circle appropriate, and will doubtless meet with due response." The medium kindly informed me that the spirit with whom he was then in communication, being of a highly intellectual and exalted order, could not be expected to know anything about the ordinary run of ghosts, among whom my relatives would doubtless be found. Thus snubbed, I withdrew my observation, remarking that I only came in order to seek for truth, and that I asked for a proof best suited to my capacity. The apology was accepted, and I was advised to take a card-table in company with two other gentlemen, and try to summon my relatives with that. We sat round for some time, but, notwithstanding that the medium advised me of two spirits, a male and a female, behind my chair, no manifestation took place. The lists were now extinguished, and the lady medium played as before. The melody was harmonious, but tuneless. Each chord was in accord, but there appeared no sequence of notes. During this time, finding that our card-table did not move, I pressed it with my fingers, and caused it to tip. The other persons unconsciously following the motion, I found that a sensible rocking manifestation took place, which continued until the lamps were re-let. This day happened to be the one on which the sealed sentence deposited by the Humbug proprietors in the Union Bank had been opened, and some discussion arose regarding the attempt and the failure of the spirits to read it. Several professed spiritualists were in the room, and admitted that clairvoyance was part of the spirit programme, a fact which some gentlemen have been at some pains to deny. I was informed by a gentleman of undoubted respectability of position that he had been an unbeliever like myself, but that he had had convincing proofs of the theory of ghostly visitation. He had seen the lady medium present floating about the room. He had known her to write Hebrew and Greek sentences, she being unacquainted with either language. She had also written communications from his dead father in his father's handwriting, and containing information which his father could have alone possessed. To this sort of argument one can say nothing. The only explanatory theories are those which directly affect the honesty of one person or the capacity of the other, and are therefore not to be broached. One can only say, "Let such things happen to me and I will believe," which means absolutely-for belief is merely a physical condition-let my mind get into the same state as yours, and we shall agree. I saw nothing in the manifestations that seemed to me indicative of spirit influence ; other people did ; therefore they believe, and I do not. Certainly their assumption of explanation is argumentatively better than mine, for the assumption of a supernatural cause explains and reconciles everything. The notion that a locomotive is a supernatural being is more satisfying to the mind of a blackfellow than the most detailed account of pistons, boilers, and steam could be, but Tim Doolan, the free selector, who lives close by, would laugh the poor blackfellow to scorn, though he could not explain how the engine moved for the life of him. It seems to me, speaking as one of the people, and without any affectation of philosophical argument, that the spiritualists have got hold of some strange effect or series of effects, which, being unable to explain at first sight, they have attributed to a supernatural cause. Unfortunately, the history of man's progress has shown that scientific truths concerning the natural world have not been obtained by seek- ing for the natures of things, and extracting them from phenomena by rejecting the cases in which they were not but by ascertaining the laws of the phenomena, and then by special efforts of the highest intellects, grass, ing ideas by which these laws might be interpreted and expressed in more general terms. The vast results of modern science have been obtained, not by seeking and finding the essences of things, but by exploring the laws of phenomena and the causes of those laws. First, as regards the phenomena of spiritualism. I have witnessed nothing extraordinary but admit there is strong evidence of extraordinary things having been witnessed. I do not see how any man who pro- fesses to believe in miracles which occurred thousands of years ago, and which, being utterly contrary to the known operations of nature, are unsupported by any direct evidence, can refuse to believe in the marvels of spiritualism attested by thousands of signatures, and for which hundreds of living eye-witnesses are ready to vouch. That Mr. Home should float in the air is not more curious than that iron should swim in the water. Yet worthy men who believe the latter story refuse to believe the former, even though 50 living persons are at hand to vouch for its truth and the same supernatural explanation is adopted in both cases. Unfortunately, the evidence of these eye with cases though one- half of it would hang a criminal in any court of law in the kingdom cannot be accepted as final, or even valuable, in a case of this kind. For, take the 50, and put them where they shall see Heller the conjuror bring a child out of a hat, or perform clairvoyant feats of the most astound- ing kind, and they will scout the idea of supernatural interference. Yet the theory of supernatural interference is the only one they can give which will completely account for the Hellorist phenomena, as it is the only one which will completely account for spiritualist phenomena. The only difference is, that the conjuror avows that his tricks are produced by material means, and the medium asserts that his tricks are produced by spiritual means. I will venture to say that had Heller appeared here as a professed spiritualist, and given his clairvoyant exhibition as a proof of spiritualism, he would have convinced a vast number of unprejudiced eye-witnesses of the truth of his doctrines. As for the American millions who cling to this straw as their only hope in the terrible sea' of materialism, I do not see that their faith can help ours. The capacity for belief that a man possesses is the result of a certain condition of his nervous centres and formation of his body, modified and acted upon by the circumstances and accidents of his life. The predominance of a cerebral organ or a group of cerebral organs in an individual may impel him, in spite of circumstances, but Clio majority of people are without such pre- ponderance, and take such opinions as may be given them. If 99 men out of 100 accept spiritualism, the hundredth, unless he have special cerebral development, will accept also'. Moreover, the subjective worth of the testimony of self-consciousness is not much. Descartes says that the " test of a true belief is that which the mind can distinctly con. ceive, but returnsMaudsloy, what can be more distinctly conceived than the delusions of a madman?" The man who believes a thing on the evidence of his own consciousness has all sufficient reason of belief for himself, but none at all for other people. It is impossible to convince such a one of error, because he appeals to a witness whose evidence can be taken by no one but himself, and whose veracity, therefore, cannot be tested. Positive science dom and that the figures on the thermometer, and not the sub- jective feelings of heat or cold, shall be recognised as the true test of an individual's temperature. I do not see, therefore, how the multitude of books, papers, and attestations can be accepted as proofs. Experience can be the only guide to a conclusion upon cases which me out of the common, as experience is the originator of all conclusions. The formation of an idea is an organic evolution in the appropriate nervous centres-a development which is gradually completed in consequence of successive experiences of a like kind. An innate idea or an innate belief is an ab Miidity. Thought is simply a product of the uU'iitional nervous centres. Under certain conditions of body a man will believe anything. As to the rappings, ravings, and M'olunt contortions which are called spirit manifestations," I look upon them as the results of disturbance of the nervous centres, and I believe that the mapping, writing, and epileptic medium way be placed in Morel's celebrated third group. The manifestations which I have seen appeared to me to point to the madhouse as the goal of all mediums who are not impostors. That the animal magnetic force can be expended in spasmodic writing, rapping, and playing, I can readily understand, and that force would appear to be best got out of a human creature by contact with its species. The "circle" is as old as Egypt. Witches, wizards, and prophetesses all joined hands in order to become ecstatic, and the modern medium was the ancient Pythoness, It is possible that modern science may succeed in utilising this vital force in some way, in stead of allowing it to waste itself on tables and chairs. But to attribute the jerk ings, scribbling?, and epileptic convulsions of a number of nervously-con- stituted people to the agency of spirits seems to me as silly as to put down the ravings of an hysterical lunatic in the Yarra Bend to the promptings of a familiar. Spirits do revisit earth, but they come clothed in flesh and blood, America is full of the spirits of her dead great ones, it is true. The spirits of the Puritans fought at Bunker's hill, and the intelligences of the first Republicans rose up again at the Potomac. Bacon, Locke, Shakspeare, Milton are among us now their influence, their genius, their spirit, will always be present with us. Each moment our spirit circle widens, for each moment a word is spoken by one man to another. If you would raise the ghost of Marlowe, subscribe to a mechanics' institute, and having once raised bird, he will be with you till you die. Through how many mediums, think you, how the spirit of Homer sung, or the intelligence of Titian painted? You want no tables, or circles, or rappings to communicate with your dead ancestors. Fifty years ago the father of that imbecile yonder died at a drinking bout. Do you not see his spirit returned to earth again ? Two hundred years ago Sir Marmaduke Moneyless diced, bank, and fought at the court of the Merry Monarch. If you have any eyes you can see his spirit scowling from under the. black brows of Jack Moneyless, of the Buffs, as he walks down Pall Mall the day after the Derby. Go and get down Tristram Shandy, and talk to the spirit of Sterne and if you would desire an interview with your dead mother, to think what it was that prompted you to give that shilling to the blind beggar yesterday. _ Q. 