MORPETH AND HINTON REGATTA. The irresistible attractions of a regatta, and a bright, clear, sunshiny morning, caused a large number of persons from both the Mait- lands, Morpeth, Hinton, Miller's Forest, and the whole adjoining neighbourhood, to assemble on the river bank in the neighbourhood of Morpeth, to witness the aquatic spectacle got up for their delectation yesterday (Boxing Day) The splendid steamship Morpeth, having been placed at the service of the committee as a flag ship, was moored in the middle of the river, nearly opposite the mill, and, of course, was the centre of attraction, since from her paddle boxes an uninterrupted view could be obtained either way of the greater part of tho course. An additional advan tage was felt on board, in the fact that a nice cooling breeze was blowing, while on shore the heat of the sun was very intense. The arrangements made by the committee for the comfort of the visitors, being ably seconded by the efforts of Captain Budd, were very complete, while the sports were carried on with a considerable amount of vigor. Several of the races had not filled up at the appointed time, but the period for entering was extended by the committee, so that by their exertions a very good day's sport was provided. The shore, par- ticularly in the neighbourhood of the mill, and the Old Company's Wharf, was thronged with spectators, and a great deal of interest ap- peared to be manifested in most of the races There were also a good sprinkling of boats upon the river, and the beautiful breeze blowing all day allowed those who preferred to use their canvas in place of their oars to skim along right merrily The sports commenced soon after the adver- tised time, with the First Race. - For Youths, eighteen years and under pulling a pair of sculls in dingies not exceediog fourteen feet on keel John Fagen (Imp) blue and white ................ 1 Stephen Stanbrldge (Ghost) white .............. 2 This event it was evident from the start would not cause much excitemen.t Fagan pulled away in front of his competitor, and kept his lead all round the course, coming in an easy winner Second Race -For all bona fide Amateurs, who have never won an advertised prize, pulling a pair of sculls in watermen's skiffs, or boats classed as such Arthur Tillott (Postboy) red and blue ?___._ 1 James Ford (Galatea) bine and white sash - " "" 2 John Fagan (Alerte), blue and white. - _ " »3 A tolerably good start was effected, but before the men had pulled very far an attempt was made by Fagan to take Tillott's water. The attempt was repeated, and several fouls occurred. Those who witnessed the occurrence declared the fault of the fouling to have rested entirely with Fagan, but it was said that Tillott struck his op- ponent with the oar, and caused him to drop behind. In returning from Hinton Tillott was well in advance, and James Ford second, while Fagan was out of the race. The same order was main tained round the boat off Queen's Wharf and so home, Tillott, pulling easy, coming in a hundred yards in advance of Ford. A protest was entered in this race by Fagan against Tillott, for a wilful foul. Third Race -Fishermen's Race T Hall's crew-(Flirt) _ " 1 Taylor's crew (Shamrock)-, 2 H Hall's crew (Rose of Morpeth) .... ........ 3 The third boat was evidently entered merely for the purpose of filling the race, for its crew gave up the contest very soon. T Hall's crew went away soon after the start with a fine lead, which they maintained throughout, winning with the greatest ease Fourth Race-For All Comers, pulling two pair of skulls, in light watermen' s skiffs, with coxswain Richard Hickey and John Dennett (Postboy), green; cox swain Richard Hughes_"."_"".. " 1 R. and J. Campbell (Galatea), white, coxswain, George Campbell _-_...._~. 2 This was an exceedingly well contested race, and it was evident that both crews did their best to win. The Postboy was weighted with 100 lbs, and the Galatea with 15 lb.s The start was as fair as possibly could be, and it was difficult at first to say which boat had the advantage. As they passed the bend of the river it appeared from the flagship that the Postboy had slightly the advantage, and as the boats returned this idea was confirmed, for the Postboy on passing the flagship had a clear lead of three or four lengths, while the Brothers Campbell were doing all they could to retrieve the fortunes of the day. The superior weight and strength of Hickey and Dennett, however, told at every stroke, and their steady style of pulling brought them in victors by about four lengths-the Campbells pulling most gamely to the end. Fagan and Sheppard, who entered in this race for the sake of filling it, started, but drew out. Fifth Race-For all settlers above Raymond Terrace, in bona fide settlers' boats, pulling a pair of oars with coxswein W Junor and J Junor (Gentle Annie) blue and whlte coxswain - .. 1 David Clarke and George Cook (Thlstle) white cox swain W Mc Pherson. " _." ".. "_2 In this race the Junors had it all their own way from the first, being evidently well trained, while their opponents were as palpably out of practice, and although they pulled most man fully they had no chance whatever in the race. Sixth Race -For All Comers, to be handicapped, pulling a pair of oars in watermen's skiffs, or boats classed as such, with coxswain R.and .J Campbell (Galatea) white coxswain. George Campbell » « » 1 R. Hickey and J D;ennett (Postboy) green coxswein Richard Hughes « .. -2 The Postboy was weighted with 100 lbs and tbe Galatea carried only a feather, consequently the exertions of Hickey and Dennett in the previous race told seriously upon their efforts in the present event, and the Campbells, who pulled well, were victorious despite the strenuous endeavours of Hickey and Dennett, who were evidently overweighted throughout the race. The seventh race (for amateurs) fell through The Eighth Race was a honestly- contested event This was a race for Four oared Boats belonging to the Companies and the Dredge, with coxswain Morpeth blue .......... ...... .. .. .......... 1 Paterson -- _"-.... 2 The boats were started well, and for some distance it was difficult to see who would have the advantage. Before this race started a con siderable number of persons on the flag-ship embarked on board the drogher Anna Maria, for the purpose of accompanying the race. It was then seen that the Morpeth boat had the best of the race, and although the Paterson pulled well, the Morpeth men kept the lead they had obtained, and came in some lengths in advance. This race was well contested, and was only won by the supe rior stamina of the victorious crew. Ninth Race -Canoe race, for canoes propelled by hand paddles, not exceeding two feet in length There were three started in this race, and the result was as under - Fepperdine, (Sweep of the Swamp), green-_«-. « 1 Brookes.(Duck) red. .. .......... 2 Duggan, (Slim Jim), white- 3 The first boat (or canoe) came in a long dis- tance ahead. Duggan gave in a protest against Brookes, which will have to be considered by the committee. An attempt was next made to get up a gig and dingy race, but it did not succeed. A tub race was extemporised, which was cleverly won by Duggan, beating Maher, who came to grief, and had to swim ashore.-The next race was a goose hunt. The bird was let loose from the flagship, and some half-dozen young sters jumped in after her. A most exciting chase took place, and after great exertion Charles Rogers, of West Maitland (otherwise known as " Ginger") suc- ceded in securing the prize. The shades of eve were now falling fast, and the company began to make their way to the shore, and thence homewards. A little after two o'clock a very substantial and satisfactory luncheon, prepared by the steward of the Morpeth, Mr. West, was pro- vided, tc which every justice was done by the guests. Jr. G.Vindin occupied the chair. After the more solid portion of the repast had been dispensed with, the Chairman called upon the company present to join him in drinking the health of her Majesty the Queen.-The toast was responded to with all the enthusiasm ap- propriate to such an occasion. The Chairman then proposed "Lady Bel- more and the Ladies of the Colony." The toast was duly honoured The Chairmai. then proposed " The Patrons and Committee ot the Morpeth Regatta." This toast was honoured in the accustomed form. Mr. T. McMahon returned thanks on behalf of the committee. Mr. Nicholl then proposed " The Visitors." Mr. Bremner responded in appropriate terms. ] Mr. Nicholl next proposed " The health of the Directors of the H, R. N. S. N. Company," / who bad so kindly lent the line steamer Morpeth. I as a flagship upon that occasion. Mr. Vindin returned thanks on behalf of the directors of the company. The health of Captain Budd was then given, with musical honors, and Captain Budd made a characteristic response. The " Press" and the " Chairman" were then duly honored, after which the company retired ' to seek the companionship of the fair sex upon the dock. During the whole of the day the band of the West Maitland Volunteers, led by Mr. Henry Prince, were performing the choicest selec- tions from their repertoire, and in spite of the intense heat, the lovers of dancing were " tripping it on the light fantastic toe." During the excursion of the Anna Maria, at the time of the eighth race, a rather severe thunderstorm set in, which caused a few of the ladies to take advantage of the opportunity of being set ashore and seeking shelter; the remainder of them, however, braved the storm, and " chased the hours with flying feet " until the band were compelled to leave in order to fulfil an engage- ment at the Olympic Theatre, West Maitland. Upon the whole we have to congratulate the Regatta Committee upon the success which. attended their efforts. They offered good prizes, and if the races did not fill it was not their fault They certainly did all they could, and a very fair day's sport was provided. Mr. Joseph Nicholl acted as starter ; Mr. Al- derman Jones was the umpire ; the referee was Mr. James Junor ; Messrs. M. Murphy, F. Nott, and J. Junor acted as handicappers. Mr. W. Bellamy was treasurer, and Mr. R. Boag and T. McMahon, secretaries. It is in- tended, we hear, to make the Morpeth and Hin- ton Regatta an annual affair, and if we may judge by the first attempt we should be inclined to predict for the enterprise an unqualified success. 