UNDER THE VERANDAH. I would really like to say something about politics, bat what is there left to say ? There is no longer either party or policy. The mil lenium of Mr Higinbotham's amce damnees has eoine at last. The lion of the Opposition has lain down with the lamb of the Ministerial benches. The hostile factions which couldn't ^ possibly mix at Mr Vale's Ballarat tea-party *? hob-nobbed quite pleasantly the other evening -1 at tho Trades Hall, Lygon-Btreet. The loving. *' nesa of the Attorney-Q- eneral and Mr Fellowa on that occasion was a thing touching to wit- „ ness. The harmony of sentiment was quite ? up to the Peachum and Lockit standard. But * the fusion ot Burtt and Langton beat even '?? that. I have doubts about the accuraoy of the - story of thoir being observed (at a much later hour) engaged in the agreeable pastime of ?- seeing each other home, beguiling the way with touching protestations of a hitherto re pressed affection. Lot me say for Mr Fellows that his presence at that meeting did credit to ~j his tact and good temper, and that his playful reminder of the fact of his having been heartily ; hooted in Collins street by a procession of ' working men (an episode of which I wa3 an - accidental witness) showed that he had the sense to construe it as it was meant — a rebuke for the political action he was then taking, » The object of the Trades Hall meeting was ex- ;: cellent. Let us hope that the movement won't ?:; prove to be of the spasmodic and ephemeral kind. ?; it nas ior a long time been a mystery how the manager of a mine could live comfortably, bring up a family virtuously, wear broadcloth — perhaps lieep a horse or two — on the lavish salary of fifty pounds sterling per annuio. ?'- The intense devotion of boards of directors, ~ even where no fees are paid, has been another ?'. puzzle to suspicious natures. The elucidation haa come, and I may say that it waa jaat'what I more than half suspected. The expla nation of how a manager can prosper on. a ' third of the wages paid to the workmen under '?':. him is, that the former is in continual receipt of a secret something playfully entitled ' kick.' The parliamentary equivalent of ' kick' is -.. ' the lubricator.' The slang term woultl be ' tip.' More kicks than halfpence has ac quired a new and pleasant meaning. No ra- * tional manager would complain of the quantity of kioks bestowed upon him. ?' Kick' iB re- '?'? turn commission. It is popularly supposed to come out of the pockets of the tradesmen who supply the mine. The manager who is in re- *? ceipt of ' kick' is not expected to scrutinise : the bills Bent in too closely. If tenponny nails are charged at twenty -ponce, he must attribute it to the fiscal policy of the Govern- } ment, and say nothing. 'Kick' effectually closes the most lynx-like eyes. They know something of ' kick' at the Ballarat Corner, J; and the thing itself has no end of pseudo nyms. One wronged direotor, who hadn't come in for his thirds often enough, com plained that he didn't get hia proper ' nara- i phernalial' 'Kiok,' in plain language, ia - plunder of the most unmistakable kind, and although it apparently comes out of the sup plying tradesman's pocket, its actual source is ; the shareholder himself. In these days wouldn't a larger definite salary be cheaper in ..; the long ran than low pay, and nrilimited ' kick ?' I have heard that boots and the chambermaid at old- fashioned popular hotels '?' aotually paid a bonus for the privilege of hold ing those appointments. ' No gratuities to ser vantB' has spoiled that little game. Presently '*; a bonus will be given for a legal managership. J' There is a form of ' kick' whioh I earnestly commend to the notice of plundered share holders, and that is the ' kick'-out of awin- ; dling managers and directors. Why is Melbourne without political clubs ? Why do its clabs lack all distinotiveness except : in the price of the subscription ? Why haven't we — even longo intcrvallo — a Carltom or a Reform ? There is certainly a political flavor :' in ono of the existing social combinations ; but this, when boiled down, proves to Toe no « ethereal essonce, but a greasy residuum, having ; for its basis the material interests of the pas toral settlers. PoliticB in that palatial home : smell of wool-yolk. They are the politics of * extended leases, of low assessments, of ante free- aelection. Politics, pure and Bimple, ; have no place in the minds of tho members beyond the limits of the pastoral. In another club, translate sheep into soft goods and yon - have the same sort of politics. The politica are ahoddy politics. The members c'on't like customs duties, just as tho squatters hate the agricultural settlers. Beyond the politica of self-interest there isn't the ghost of political sentiment at all. And for tho yonngeBt o5 the clubs little more can bo said. It is true that with a liberality of fceb'ng which astonnda none more than the members themselves, the committee has admitted several persona of notoriously Loyal Liberal viowe. In fact, there , is danger of the institution through the cor rupting influence of evil communication falling very much into that deluded condition which may be regarded as an early symptom of complete mental failure. Bnt still tho infan tine clnb isn't a political clab, and the latter, I think, is a felt want. In Jthe good old times when peuplo dis covered they had a real grievanco, they remedied it in about fonr-and-twenty ho no?. They used to call a meeting, make a f ow violent speeohos, appoint a committee, and vure the wrong. I remember an enthusiajjtio and largely attended meeting which owed itn origin to a horse being embedded in mud on the Queen'o wharf. Wo have, however, Jearnt to bend our nocks to tho yoke. We ax? b|t bo Btody as of yoro. Wo growl and submit. We close oar offended nostrils at tho great Elizabeth-street stink, but the gutter and the garbage still flow i sully to the anoient river. We snarl at tha hacks' BmeltiDg houses, and tamely, meanly, slavishly submit to being half Btifled with fumea oJ meroury, of arsenio, and other agrcoablo mineral poiaons. Why, in the , good old times.- the citizens would have taken such prompt, F.trong, resolute meaaures, that instead, of the hypocritical humbugbetween'the health-officer 'a\\-d the banks, gold smelting jn the city would have bees entirely prohibited as it ought te be. There is no earthly rea son why the loanks shouldn't carry- on this part of the traJe at a distanca from population. Ten years' b ence, when, the wheel goes round, . there will b- - a stir, and the fumo-begettera will be ignomirdoualy expelled. 'f. We hava. reached the top . at Iaat. There is not much ckance of getting beyond the dia mond-mines. The very name inakea one's mouth wat er. The Sindbad business waa only a mild foi ,'eoasfc of what we are all coming to. Goloonda will lose some of its traditional lustre before the crescent fame of Ciidgegong. There seems really no limit to the 'natural re sources of tb-j little island in which we lire. Pearls o a the west, diamonds in the east, and gold everywhere The danger anticipated . is that diamonds will become so universal that their Taluo v ill be lowered, and that it really Won't be tha thing for the beautiful wives of rich men to/wear anything so common as dia mond neck? aces and emerald earrings. Is it ixue, or is it another of those wioked fictions (it which the Chief Engineer of Water Supply can afford to laugh, that it has been found iyaelful to shore up the outlet pipes of the MaT.msbury reservoir, in order to prevent: the con tplete collapse of that much vaunted piece o£ engineering work ? If the pipes have given Way under the weight of the superincumbent puddle on\y, what would have been the. ...ijesnlt bad there been water in the dam ? I have not the shadow of doubt that Henchmen Smith, Adams an a iJUCKtmrn (civu engineers au ot them) wiil be quite ready to prove that tha collapse «f tha tube was precisely what the Chief Engineer of Water Supply was all along aiming at, and that the result is almost for tunate thing for the country. We ha.yo some ground for a little ? bitternosB ' Of spiri'j Under the Verandah. H B.H. has gone in heavily for shares in the Long Drive Co., in New Zealand, and never, bought a Bingle mining interest in Victoria. iWfiy^did'. he not. try a few Long Tunnels? We chrls tened /companies enough alter him and his ship without the slightest apparent.effeot ? We. had great ihopes when, the lata Major went rabbit shooti?ag at Geolong, that he would put the Prince into a ^ood thing or t-vo in quartz H.R.H. was, however, rather a shy bird ; and, perhaps, he hadn't th'jn felt so sure about1 that ? three thousand guineas remittance from the old folks at home. Probably, however, the new investment -will show in the next year's uche dule of presents made by the.. Prince, in New, Zealand to his most worthy self. .Princes ; play— people pay. : It is really too bad. Why won't people let Hamlut alone ? Why should hia little inno oencies provoke the sneer and gibe of weakly witliugs? Surely it might- be psrmitted the royal Richard to thus atldreas his tru^ and loving lieges of Tasmania withont a suggestion of mental aberration ? Here is his missive flashed to tho brave, the bold, the beautiful, Who have lately been exoiting so much interest amongst their Melbourne creditors :-.—'? Metro politan multitudes maintain -; and have detained Montgomery. My missionary thou. 1 my mes sage thus recite ;tmto Tasmania's bravery, and matchless beaaty.' Surely the allurenienii of alliterativo ability must bo answerable for this admirable apostrophe ! There is a combina tion of two all-pervading instincts. ; The inflation .vhioh prompted an admittedly clever stage player to describe his reception of a brother actor thus, 'I gave him audience,' and that keen Barnum like icsiinot which penned the poatsoript to hia letter to that ill used Castlemaine manager, ' Nota-ben'e : — , liook well after the v bill-stickers.' I; think that the juxtaposition of these two sentences gives an exact clue to the real charaoter of Hountflumtnery. What wonder that anj infec iion-stricken Tasmanian should thus respond — ?? Tasmania's tearful tuft-hunters in torture tearful await thine advent. A treaq of thine ambrosial locks transmit ua. Green gum trees greet thee. Go to, thou great oae. Gammon!' Perils of earthquakes, perils of fires', perils Of MaorieB, perils of bar- harbors, perils of perpetual rains, perils of pertinacious washer women—who would liva in New Zealand that could possibly aohieve existence, any where else upon the face of the habitable globe*?, ??'?: : ': Amongst the things not generally known (but Wanted to be) are the policy of the honorable member for Ballarat West in keeping so singu larly quiet after tha late stormy episode in his career ; the names of the parties who sold and bought Government debentures at 106 when they were worth 112 in market ; the address of any amiable bullion-dealer who will sell a sovereign for nineteen shillings; the mistress of a household who will acknowledge the ex istence of good domestic servants and has no avowed grievance thereunent ; the precise mental and moral state of those welf-meaning persons wbo discover the devil in a church anthem, and who incontinently bolt before the musical advent of the Prince of Darkness. .Z3GLES. The Governor of Kansas, in hi» last message, thus dodges the suffrage question : — 'All poli tical restrictions based upon color or sex cannot last much longer than they are desired, and cannot be removed much sooner, than they ghould be.' 