MELBOURNE MEMS. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] October 9, 1860. The yoke of the old ministry baB been broken at last, and the followers of Macpberson havo achieved a triumph. "With the exception ofj Byrne and Reeves the country lias returned all tho new candidates-Cohen without oppo sition. It was rather hard upon poor Byrno,, who was tho rat who gnawod away tho sup ports of McCullochistn, that ho should bo crushed in tho fall thereof; but tho publio opinion is generally against him, as ho is con sidered a noodlo. Public opinion and my own coincide in this instanco. Tho Loyal Liberal party aro in a condition of intonsa disgust. They do not like tho Maopherson team, andmako no bonos about showing their disliko. The A<jt newspaper is ospocially bittor, and takes occasion to abuse tho Argus every morning. I am afraid that tho question at prosent, howevor, is not " measures," but "men," and that tho electors votofor.McCul-, loch or Macphorson as their tastoa may lead Yhom, utterly ignoring all "policy." This was very apparcut at Collingwood, tho most democratic of our constituencies,' ivhoro Roevos, who as a general rulo is a fairly liked man, was beaten by Vale. Valo ia the gen tleman who opposed Jonos at Ballarat whon tho latter was on his trial for corruption, and was then dofeated. Tho popular feeling was, I ithiuk, in favour' of Reeves, unlit nomo idiotic supporter suggested that tlia " back of the anobocracy" must bo broken, upon which tho mob voted in a body for Vale. Thus the now Ministry will bo Macpherson (Chief), Macdonald, McKcan (Lands), McClel lan (the honeateat politician of them all), John j Thomas Smith (Mines-ho will possibly change offices with McClellan), Rolfe (the causa belli), Vale, and Cohen (Treasurer). An ugly team, to keep in order, and 0110 which I think cannot stay in long. The next thing will be a McCulloch Ministry composed of better men. I think that, putting all party feeling out of the question, McCulloch is, without doubt, the best man to govern the country. Duffy is able and brilliant, but his unfortunate reputation for liberalism without loyalty operates against him. I understand that he would have been in this Ministry if it could have been managed. Fellowes is honest, but heavy, and O'Shannassy (in my opinion, the most able man of them all) has . been rendered obnoxious to the mass of the people by reason of his alliance with the Roman Catholic party. Ireland-and among . tho mass of Anstraliaus an Irishman is only another term for a Roman Catholic-is at a discount. Mr. McCulloch, all his faults admitted has shown ability and temperance, and though hampered by wrong-headed col leagues and injudicious friends, has done more real good for Victoria than any man we have had yet. The real fact of the matter is, I really believe, that this colony will become a Democracy beforo long, and that the people support McCulloch becauso he has shown tho strongest democratic tendencies. The fun of the election fair has principally consisted in the fact of Ministers "stumping it" round about the country. Mr. Grant, Mr. G. P. Smith aud another have done so, and the result was amusing. It was a sort of bear- leading business. The candidate would get up and speak. A sort of "walk up and see the live lion " arrangement. Poor Grant got terribly chaffed, however, and at some places they refused to hear him at all. What Artemus Ward used to call the " lecture fake " is still going on. Religion being still the theme. The latest method in Religious madness is Spiritualism. A Mr Naylor holds stances at which spirits appear and turn tables, etc. There are spiritualistic discussions in the papers, aud some consider able nonsense has been talked in consequence. Mr. Naylor said that a sum was lodged in the Union Bank to be given to anyone who could disprove the spirit business on rational grounds, and a Mr. Turner, who is the cham pion of common sense in the quarrel, Jwrots to the manager of tbo Bank to ask if this statement was correct, and the reply was " No funds for such a purposo." Naylor has shut up ever since. At the theatres, Bandmann's Hamlet is still the theme, and draws good houses. He has introduced a good deal of new business which I don't like. Notably, the restoration of Fortinbras, who is a mistake. What is popularly called the " closet scene " is good. He makes the Ghost comc through the pic- I turo of the King to which he addresses the ! outburst of rage ending in "a lciug o£ shreds and patches !-and at tho apparition fulls at full length on tho floor in deadly terror. This novel "sensation" took the liouso by storm. His reading of the part is remarkable for the prominence given to Hamlet's terror at the Ghost (who, by the way, is usually located by most Hamlets as though he was a very terrible fellow when ho appeared, but when he had gone was but as the airdrawn dagger of Macbeth. Bandmann shows all through the play a rare consistency of terror. He treats the spirit of his father with pror found reverence, is absolutely impressed with the reality of the apparition, whether devil or angel, and is always iu terror lest it should appear again. He seems to me to make tho celebrated soliloquy anent the " spirit I have seen " arise out of the words "Now I am alone,"-i.e. "it is now that my haunting terror will take visible shape," admirably. , He is an intelligent, but not a great actor. There is no genius about his performance. Montgomery, with all his faults, certainly had genius, and I prefer his rendering of the character better. m. 