ADELAIDE. MONDAY. To the general surprise, the Gulnare arrived yesterday from the Northern Territory, having made her return passage in thirty days. The news she brings is very favourable. The captain of the Gulnare thoroughly confirms the favourable report respecting the harbour of Port Denison, and states that the entrance is over two miles broad, and that a line-of-battle ship could, without any inconvenience, beat up in any wind to the spot selected for the chief township. The party at the settlement are reported to be all in good health, and to be working amicably together. One-half of the projected surveying has been done. Three townships have been laid out, and 43,000 acres of land have been surveyed in suitable sized sections. Mr. Goyder is confident that he will be able to come-. plete his task by October next, and he purposes to send back a portion of his surveying staff by the next trip of the Gulnare. , A Malay prow had been wrecked at Escape Cliffs, and out of a complement of forty-three hands, only two have been ultimately saved. These are passengers in the Gulnare, no less than twelve of the miserable survivors of the wreck having been murdered by the natives. A telegram has been received here announcing the death of the Rev. Dean Farrell, at Malvern, on the 20th April last. By his death, the colonial chaplaincy in this colony has become virtually extinct. The visit of his Excellency the Governor to the results. He has been everywhere received in the most enthusiastic manner 3 and, when last heard of, was a guest with Mr. Riddick, of Yallum Park. The weather continues very fine, with fresh N. E, winds prevailing. The corn, market is firm, and wheat is quoted at 5s. Old. Generally, the news by the mail is considered to be favourable, Iheltangatira sails on Thursday next. Tim PriNCE OF "WALES OPERA HOUSE "Hamlet" was performed last evening, and for the first time Mr. Talbot played the Prince of Denmark before a Sydney audience. Every great actor who has visited this city has essayed the part, each displaying a different conception of this most difficult character, and each has had his admirers. The great bulk of," these delineations may be characteristic of the old school of acting; the modern school has also been represented. Mr. Talbot's " Hamlet" POSSESSES more of the character of the former, but is original in HE leading features, and in this respect, as well M in all weathers, it is superior to any part he has pourtrayed Mrs. His acting at the opening was careful, but without say marked excellencies. The other acts were re- plete with merit, and the applause by which he FOR encouraged was of the most flattering description, no made a great impression in the scene with " Ophelia," hence to a nunnery," and his advice to the players was ".""ílSÍPicce of elocution. Another fine effort was" in the CIOEJ, scene with the Queen, which was as finished a reformer: of good acting as could be wished for Mr i0'"fartâtes are capable of great expression, and he told them to the best advantage. The audience testified Dear appreciation in no unmistakable manner, by the prolonged cheers which, at the close of of every act, recalled him Wore the curtain. "Polonius" has been rarely played here a effectively as it was last night by Mr.. Welsh, no divested the character of nil buffoonery, such . feme actors score a necessary adjunct to give effect. Miss Cooper, us the Queen, dUpkyed artistic knowledge of the text. The " Laertes" of Mr-, Billett was also meritorious, and " Horatio " found era excellent representative in Sir. Douglas, whose maiden. ewes gives promise of his taking a high position in the Professor. The "Ghost" could not have been more actively rendered than it was by Mr. Hoskins, and the Lim- T' showed a thorough knowledge of the case iiitiesofcochmem'.croi the company, and was complete "in every respect. . 