CHINA. (From the Overland Mail.) The following notes on tbe missionary disturbances ia fizechuen, last spring, will be read with interest now that our Hankow correspondent's tracnlent letter has re awakened interest in that province : — ' The prefectaral city of Yu-Yang and the dietrict city of Pang-shwuy are In the extreme S.E. corner of Szechuen, closely bordering upon Hoo-nan and £ wei-chow provinces. These are ths placeB at which, sit the commencement of the present year, a number of Christian (Roman Catholic) converts were murdered, their pastor Pere Rigaud being killed at the same time. With this single exception, there is no reason fo believe that any other foreign priest has been killed in Szechuen during the present year. At Kwei-chow-too, last April, it wae stated that the number of native Christians massacred was 63, and that a still larger num ber of friendly Pagans had been killed — that the Viceroy had sent a number of soldiers te the scene ; that the insti gators of the murders had fled, and that the family of one pf them had been exterminated. Pere Sabatier, of Foo (chow), the nearest city to Feng-shwuy, which is on the river Hu-Tow, which falls into the Yang-teze at Foo, had been sent to the spot to report to the bishop. The Taotai of Chung-king wae ordered by the Viceroy of Szechnen to proceed to Yu-Yang, from which city he passed through Chung-king at the end of April on hie way to Ching-To, to report to the Viceroy there. The Bishop of - Sinito, {whose ordinary residence is Chung-King, left that city abont the eame time to visit the Viceroy, alee to plaoe thia facts before him. Further massacres te the extent of about fifty persons had subsequently taken place; and the Christian converts being treated by the authorities as rebels, had entrenched themselves in a fortified camp, round a building about two miles from Yu-yang, behind which were three large caverns in whiclf the women and children were placed. The difficulties in this district appear to have arisen from jealousy of the Christian converts on the part of their neighbours, as the former have Jreen to a certain extent privileged from exactions on the part of the mandarins, owing to the dielike of these officials to come into collision with the priests, who have been in the habit of tahingup any case in whioh their converts had been unjustly treated by the magistrates. The feeling ' had become eo strong upon this subject, that - 'whilst with some it excited a desperate hatred of the favourite neophytes, others were induced to become professed converts, to Christianity for the sake of the supposed materiel advantages to be obtained, and no lees than ten thousand persons ore reported to have ^enrolled themselves as Christians during the test few ?months in the neighbourhood. The massacre at You-yang occurred on the 2nd January. It took place in a house where the Christians had met for public worship. ? It is said that representation had been previously made to the authorities of the danger in which tho Christians wore of ;attack from their Pagan neighbours ; that these had asserted their fears were groundless; that the converts had . ?thereupon armed themselves for self-preservation ; that the mandarine informed the priests, of whom there were two at lYon-yang, that in consequence of this action they shonld ' 710 longer afford them any protection ; that to prevent any such excese being justified on their part, the Christians abandoned their defences; and that the massacre took plaoe ' the following day ; the younger of the two priests with dif ficulty escaping with hie life. I In connection with varions remarks lately made as to the. - progress of the works for lighting the approaches to Shanghai, we are glad to be enabled to state tnat one work, (he Gatelaf light; is progressing satisfactorily. The stone- . Work is nearly finished, eo that the lantern can shortly be ' ' {proceeded with. Tho whole of the lightkeeper'e dwellings pre also in a forward state, and the lantern itself is now on the island. ? ? ;?/ ; It is reported that Ting-jih-cheng, the sometime Taotai of Shanghai, whoso recent and sudden elevation to. the governorship of Kiang-su excited general comment and , ' Surprise, has been removed from office, and that his oondnot fs to be made the subject of investigation by a Special Com tauseioner from Pehing. Native rumour says that he has been twice accused at Peking, the flret -time on thirteen counts, by a censor in the capital, and more reoently by a jocal official of subordinate rank, on sixteen counts. No official information of his removal from office has yet {reached Soo-cbow, and the report may turn out unfounded; . . but circumstantial evidence in favour of the report is not wanting. Ying, formerly Taotai of Shanghai, recently promoted to the Acting Treasurer-ship of Kiangsoo, has just been relieved ofhie pro-tempore appointment, by the arrival of a duly nominated and gazetted official.. - Ying had accordingly, taken bis departure and was about to spend Borne months on leave orabsence, when lie was suddenly 1 recalled and requested to resume his post jof Acting Trea surer, the Treasurer proper being required to relieve the Governor Ting of his offlciaTresponsibilitiea. ' Instances of local injuetioe, neglect of rites, collusion, and undue conoee eion to foreigners are said to figure among the items of , indictment. We give the report for what it may be worth ^b' it has reached us. Mr. Gibson, late H. M. Vice-Conaul at Taiwan, died at Amoy on the 28th July. Hie 'death is greatly attributable to the treatment he received from the Foreign Office, after doing hie duty in the most admirable maimer, and saving extensive warlike operations. A 'vote of sympathy and approval has been placed im record by the Hongkong Chamber of Commerce. I The Himalaya.— A New Zealand journal has a tele gram from Wellington in whioh it is stated that the naval . authorities here are severely censured by the Admiralty for sending away the Himalaya from New Zealand with out the troops, oontfary to General Chute's orders. The deepatoheB eent home by the Governor threw the whole responsibility in connection with these proceedings on the Commodore. \ Spiritualism. — Tho Manchester Examiner ends its account of a ghost in a hotel in the oity es follows :— « Meanwhile the house ie nightly crowded by hundreds of visitors, who, excited, by curiosity, thirst ef knowledge, or other , desire, have been exorbitant t in their demand for spirits, to the no email profit of the landlord.' 