MISCELLANEOUS. . In the casu. of Benjamin Higgs, a jirivaf.o meeting was he! J in the Bank- fttptcy Court on August 21, when it was resolved to contiuue the allowance of £5 \- per week to his family. It is thought iiseTB will be a good estate. . The Duke of Edinburgh is to "visit Ceylon,; and a sum of £24,000 has been voted "for his reception." . : ' ' A locomotive ran, on August 23th, for the first time on tho r.ewly laid down line of railway.ion the Thames .Embankment.. \- Andrew Jenkins -intends to cross rthe. Niagara on .; a yelocipedo over, a tight :rope. Andrew's ;obituary is in prepara- tidn... . Mr , .Mark Firth has been , elected, .Master. Cutler of. Sheffield for the /third .time.in shccessipn. . , . ; Sir. .William Mantle, -it_is. stated,, has received the appointment of stipendary 'magistrate for. the ...Manchester . .division, rendered wacant ,l)y the .death ;of;.Mr; L. Traffbrd. , . .. , The money sent to the. Chancellor . of the Exchequer for conscience sake in the financial year ending March,. 1869, amounted to £-4,124. . In the preceding year the amount Avas £4,688.. .. ...... \- The sum of £1,200, the funds of the "Deptford spec," forfeited in consequence of tlie illegality of. the lottery, has been distributed among the' Deptford "charities; ' A;Contemporary has been requested to state tliat Lord Stanley of Alderley was "married in 18.62 to Senorita F. .San Roman, daughter of the late Senor Don Santiago Federico San Roman, of Seville. It was reported that the' Lord Justice Clerk of Scotland (Right Hon. George Patton) died on August 2oth, whilst , shooting grouse op the Glenalmond hills, but it "turns out" that it was the hon. gentleman's brother who: met his death thus suddenly. . The Great Northern. Railway. Com pany have agreed to give: the amount formerly paid for church rates to institu tions for religions instruction, and to a benevolent (permauenl) fund which it was now proposed to raise for tho officers; Tlie qnarterly meeting of. the United Grand Lodge of Freemasons was held on Sept.-l at Freemasons' Hall, wheu, on the motion of the chairman, the rank of Past Grand Master was conferred npon His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. An intimation has been received from the PriucB and Princess of Wales that their Royal Highnesses intend paying .a visit to Chester about October 12, to bo present at the bpeniug of ihe new Town Hall. ' I trow, hot. — " Should you like to he caught giving a : crossing-sweepei a shil ling, and asking him for elevenpence halfpenny change ?" We needly hardly say that the answer is implied in the heading, and that our old friend Punch suggested both it and tlie query. The honor of knighthood is about to be conferred on Dr James Alderson, Pre sident of the "Royal College of Physi cians, also on Mr Cooke, in recognition of his valuable services in the introduc tion of the practical working of the Elec tric Telegraph. Some four weeks siuco, the . dead body of an unknown man wa's found on the beach at New Brighton, and before it was buried a photograph was taken and cir culated by the police. On thb 13th of August, a person called at the police- office, Hanley. Staffordshire, to give in formation that Elijah Sutton, of that town, had not beeu heard of since he went away, a month ago, for the benefit of his health. -The sergeant in charge, remembering the carte, produced it, and the person depicted thereon was at once identified as tho missing man. The demand for the reform of the land laws has been made tho basis of an association. Mr John Stuart Mill is tho chairman ; the provisional committee in cludes several prominent members of the Liberal party in and out of Parliament. Tho primary objects of the association are to promote the free transfer of land, to restrict within the narrowest limits the power of tying it up, to preserve the rights of the pnblic over commons, and to enable the tillers of the soil to obtain an interest in "it. Th b London Irishman says that official information has hem received by the friends of Martin Hanley Carey, Fenian convict at Millbank, that owing to liis mental condition he is to btf at once transferred to Mountjoy Prison, Dublin, with a A-iew to his release. Tho eqtiino hero " Balaclava," and the charger which was ridden by Colonel Jenyns at the renowned charge of the Light Brigade, has been shipped on board the steamer Corinthian, for Mont real, en route for England. The animals are retained by the ofiicers of tlie regi ment in consequence of their illustrious antecedents. :A Mr" Ed. Lacy Garbeft " has come to the conclusion that Sodom and Go morrah were destroyed by a rain of falling stars, charged with sodium and magne sium, the two elements most abounding in the Dead Sea region, or what is now commonly known to astromers a3 the " November shower," which observers have- found by spectrum ' analysis to be strongly charged with these matters. It may now bo. said that the" Cock Lane Ghost " is iu the way to be fairiy laid. At all events, tt\o. south side of tho lane— which lay behind the recently demolished inn of tho Saracen's Head on Snow Hill, whence Mr Squeers and Nicholas Nickleby started per coach for Yorkshire— has been palled down within the last few days, and the name of "Cock Lane" will, we suppose, pass away. : - ; '; / A warrant lias been issued against Dr Twells, Bishop of Orange Free State, charged with committing an undescir-- bable offence. The bishop wis absent on a visitation tour to the Transvaal, rind his" friends asked the public to suspend their judgment until- the case had been heard. His chaplain, who has been closely asso ciated with his daily life for years, speaks with the utmost confidence of the bishop's perfect innocence. It is gratifj'ing to learn that-all -the money squandered- on the Derby Day is not utterly lost. ' It has becomo- the custom of sporting men en route to the Downs to toss money to the children at Sutton Schools. Last Derby Day the money thus given amounted to £37; and on tho 2nd September the children; "to tho nnmber of 850, were taken to the Crystal Palace, and treated to a 'dav's enjoymentout out" of these Derby offer- , ings. / At the. Trades Congress at Birming ham, i oil August 25, the discussion turned, upon the kind of legislation: deemed necessary in reference to trades', unions. , Protection for : thor funds of these organisations was . insisted -on, and the importance of repealing the combi nation laws was also pointed out. Trades .unionists/ it was urged/ claimed the Tight to persuade their fellow-men to join them, :and if riotvor assault followed? the present law was sufiicient to deal with these offences. - . : The ship-Hertha, -while on her. voyage to lnkia, was lying-to in a gale of wind at. night off tho Cape, when a violent shock was felt under the bottom ; a second blow almost immediately followed/ and then a third against the rudder, lhp last shock - broke" tho tiller and some "of the rudder pintles, and entirely disabled ,the rudder.' After repairing" damagesfhe ship went ou to Singapore leriky/:.'and 6n docking.'it1 has; been/found :.that sbo must bave.beea struck by a sword-fish ; !a cpnr siderable 'piece of tho bone still remained .in:the plarik. .. / ' ' , " ./ Miss " Louiria' Rivers, : daughter of ' the - .late Sir Henry Rivers, was charged before -the Wihcfiester magistrate ou Ah'gusk 25, with 'knocking down a: little girl named Harriet' Barfpot". " This; being . the; ' third1 time Miss Rivers has been charged with a" 'similar offence, she'wris remanded iniord:ef ; that- inqiiiry might' be/made' as to. the state' of her iriindi A ihedicalgen- tlemrin ' havings certified to' hef " being insane/ the; magistrate's mride an order for her removal to Brislingtbrf Hoiisb Lunatic Asylum, near Bristbl. ' A terrible story, reported ; from Agon, and attested both by a doctbr.and by the" Directeur des Pompss Funehres/ " shows that fears of . premature burial . in France are not unfounded ill consequence of the law commanding interment within twenty-' four hours after death. A young lady of Agen died aboiit a year ago, .and' was buried iu the cemetery of Sainto Foi. A few days since her mother .also expired, having before her. death expressek a. wish to repose in the same coffin with her daughter. A large cofliu Avas accordingly constructed to contain the two corpses, and tlie young .lady was exhumed. It was then -discovered that the. winding- sheet had been torn open, and the right hand, which was disengaged from its folds, was deeply marked with bites. On tho lid of the coffin were some inarks made with tho crucifix which lay on her breast, and the whole circumstances of tho caso left no doubt that the unfortu- nato yonng lady had been a victim to the horrors of prematura burial. Intense excitement prevails in tho neighbourhood, and an official enquiry is to bo made on the subject. At the present day the political jour nalism of "Berlin ' is represented by nine large well-printed newspapers, published daily or in soriio cases twice a day, with supplements of varying size. Then there are two law j'ournals, partly political also, two humorous journals published weekly, the Kladderadatsch and tho Wespen, and about two hundred papers besidos, of all sorts arid descriptions, for special de partments of social or professional in terest, as art, science, fashion, &c.; The following notice, says an Ameri can paper, was found- posted on a large box wbicli passed over the Pacific Rail road a short time since " Baggago smashers arc requested to handle this box Avith care, as it contains nitro glycerine, Greek fire, gun cotton, and two live gorillas:" The box was not broken. Mr George Peatody, who is still at the White Sulphur Springs in Virginia, although yet feeblo, has slightly im proved in. health. His latest donation has been 60,000 dols. to Washington College, Virginia, of which General Robert E. Leo is president, to found an additional professorship. He and Gene ral Leo havo become close companions at White Sulphur. Beforo a j ury at New Orleans, a woman who was on her trial adopted a liue of defence which must, have given infinite gratification to the married gentlemen present. She was accusoil of having thrown from lier; window "a potful of boiling water ' on . the head of a person passing underneath. Sho limited her defence to tho1 reiterated assertion tliat she poured the boiling water out of the window because she thought the person passing below was 'Only her' husband.' The Senlinella Brcsciana lately spoke vaguely of the flight of a priest with a young girl of good family; but without furnishing any particulars. The Gazetta di Milano supplies tho deficiency, and states that tho ecclesiastic is named Pagliari, cure of Verolaiinova. He was intimate with" the family of the young Adele Bodignola, aged 17 ; about a fort night back she left lier homo for Brescia, where she joined her seducer, and pro ceeded with liim to Switzerland. . ExtraordinaryEditorial Labours.— American journalism has sustained a great loss in the sudden death of Henry Jervis Raymond, editor of the New York Times, and at oue time Governor" of the State of New York. Over- work killed him, at the age of 49. The Tribune - mentions a re markable insta'ricc.of his power of labour, which occurred oil the death of Daniel Webster. The intelligence reached Now York on a Saturday afternoon/ Mr Ray mond wrote ' an adiriirable biography, which appeared in Monday's paper, cover ing 26 columns of the Times, arid in ad dition, he wrote three /columns of edito rial on tlie' same subject. ;Of this extra ordinary biography Mr Raymond wrote 16 columns' without stoppiug a moment for rest. As a feat of editorial labour, we doubt its ever having bee" equalled. " There was nothing,'.' tho' Tribune adds, " in tbo whole range of 'riewspajier -ivork that lie could not do well,: arid,, (what is of; equal importance) with unhesitating, promptness. He was, never too sick to, work, wlieiri work had to- bo done; and always able and willing to do nny amount of labour that tlie exigency might require. Others may have, evinced a rarer, faculty, which some might term genius; but Mr Raymond embodied talents that , have rarely been surpassed."- - SnEEP, Farming in New. Zealand. — Tho following is from the Field 'M happened,: last Friday .'revelling to be. reading your most nseful and entertaining journal, dated July- 10, and met - with- a- qfiory on.the subject- of sheep -farming in New; Zealand,-! jsigned r -f J.M.' Being .much- interested in -that-.colbriy/I took "P your. next issue to - see ifr there was a leply , and accordingly -. found - one from 'Mr Sydney- Murray, acknowledging that he, had never. .been, in New: Zealand;- but - at . i: the ; same : - .time . giving- very good advicoi to : an: intending emigant to imy part of the colonial . world/ i had just laid -down- the papers,- Avhen theipost-- man delivered a letter from my sou, who went out in the yoar 1866 ; and should you think an extract, therefrom, and a few remarks of my own, likely to be of service-to J.M. and others, -you - will kindly lay. it before your readers as soon ?as -convenient. The extract is dated May, .1S.69, Vharehama, . _ . Wellington if Since my last letter, the colonial troops /Jtttve been steadily improving ; they have scattered the Maoris on the West Coast/ but those on the East Coast are" again 'on the! move. They have just tilled 'some of the friendly natives arid' two' of, the settlers. : Affairs in New Zealarid db not look a 'bit "brighter, than. whenrI /last 'wrote/-' . There is no demand Tor 'stbck' of: iiriy kind/' There ' were "a ' few /'days ago. 2Q9Q sheep. _sold-for..4d/ia/'hSff/f,thj' having "been '.put iio'ona to bid/for thbin'.j, 1 The/ average price/for sheep is 6. a head/ /and for fat cattle about £7 a head. 'Wdol'/RfiS'/.iiiso' fallen/ lower,: //so /that tbbifb': are ;a 'good :many; stations in/the/riiairket/' .The Duke of Edinburgh is now visiting this countrj, arid is being received / very ;weil: .""'Near where the, fighting is ; going bri, two: Mao- ries followed two, boys' to kill them", one being fiftben J years ' of age, arid ; the other nine ; the eldest, toill/his brother to get behind ,a..bush and fire/ at/. the/Mabrie when he - came close,' wich jhe'did/'and liliedjhim ; when "the other/ ran. in a different: direction,, and caihe to a river, wbicli stopped, him the "other '.Maorie rrin after/ him/, arid met. 'the /same. fate, when the boy. went;. up to' him and .'took his gun 'from "him! , I' do' not know Avhbther .yoii are "aware that" tbo Panama 'line is/stopped, as it did not pity, so that the letters to this country now go by the old way." / My son went out at the age of eighteen some "knowledge of country life, 'tiipugh with a first-class 'school; education)1 under rather favorable' circuiristancesj having been accpmpariied from Soutliairiptbn, via Pariariia, by his first-cousin, a young 'clergyman, return ing with his wife to, New Zealand, the land of bis birth/ my brother-in-law having gorio out many years rigo as a missionary, now. a dignitary in the Church at Waikato/"' Ho settled, two of his sons 011 a large run" near Castle Point, Wellington/ who gladly took charge of my son on his arriyai, and. eventually put him in charge of an out-statipn some fourteen , or fifteen miles distant, stocked with 2,000 sheep, payiug him. a certain salary. Arid now as. to the advisability, under existing circumstances, of sending a youngster to New Zealand ' to try his luck.' For my part I should say, Don't. Mr Murray looks upon the sum of £3,000 with rather contempt ; all I say /is, that hundreds of emigrants and settlers . have commenced life with a third of that sum, and been successful. I am, /however/ rather thankful that my sou has not invested 3,000 perice as yet in /stock ori his own account. My firm opinion is, that until Now Zealand is better pro vided with roads, ordinary, and rail, and becomes a more, corn-growing country than she is, there are other ' far more eligible parts of tho world to invest £3,0.00 iu. Your coluiris are: full of interesting and valuable accounts from. South America and Canada, to . which I would direct J.M.'s attention; and trust I have not trespassed too much 011 your space.- — T.M.S." 