THE POPERY OF RITUALISM 7' or, ROMANISM IN THECUURCH OF ENGLAND (By John Search .) Nn: VTTT In our last . we called attention to the "lawful ornaments" of the Church of England, and gavo the law as foun ded in the rubrics and canons relatr rag to this subject. We also quoted from known and respectable writers, all of whom are members and warm advocates of that church, for the purpose of allowing our readers to see tho way in which the iu- brics and .canons are understood by per sons within tho church itself. Our sub ject to-day relates to Altars, &c.;, &c.; It has often been asserted, and that by per sons not remarkable either for pene tration or research, that the word " altar" never occurs in the Book of Common Prayer. Not to insist upon the fact, that, this word occurs in the first edition of tho Prayer-book, as published , by Edward VI., in a passage quoted in our last article ; but admitting that the name is absent, we may ask what of the thing itself ? It must be remembered that the English Church has a priesthood, who, at their ordination, professedly receive the Holy Ghost, and therewith, power to for give and to retain sin. It has a sacrifice, and it must also have an altar, in order to be complete. A priest and a sacrifice, without an altar, are things unknown, for in all times, and under all circumstances' the one has been found to he indispensa ble to the other; so that, where the one has existed, the other has been found also. We shall see if the Church of England is an exception, or if tho Communion, or Holy Table, does not stand in the place, answer the purpose, and is in reality aii altar in everything hut in name ? No doubt, altars were in some instances re moved from churches at the Refoimation, and a table substituted. This was tho case for a time, but the good work was cut short. Hence, in other places the altar remained, and, in some instances, remains to this day. The following is one of the Rubrics as it stands in King Edward tho VI, t first edition of the Prayer-book : — " Then shall tho minister take so much Bread and Wine, as shall suffice for the persons ap pointed to receive the holy Communion, laying the bread upon the corporas (a cloth used at the communion table), or else in the putin, or in somo other comely thing prepared for that purpose. And putting the wine into the Chalice, or else into some fair convenient cup, prepared for that use (if the chalice will not serve) putting thereinto a little pure and clean water. And setting both the bread and wine upon the Altar." Here is another Rubric " In the meantime, while th& clerks do sing the Offertory, so many as are disposed, shall offer to the poor man's box every one according to his ability and charitable mind. A ad at the offering days appointed every man and woman shall pay to the curate the due aud accustomed offering." This Rubric was altered in the second edition, published in 1552, and in that by Elizabeth in 1559, to the following : — "Then shall the Church- wardens, or some other by them appointed, gather the devotions of the people, and put them into the poor man's box," &c.; There is no thing said in the two last named books of " tho minister taking so much bread," &c.; The following are from the Prayer-book, as revised in 1661, by authority of Charles' II , and as it remains to this day "Whilst these sentences are in reading, the Deacons, Church-wardens, or other fit persons appointed for that purpose, shall receive the alms for the poor, and., other devotions of the people, in a decent basin, to bo provided by the parish for that purpose ; and reverently bring it to. the Priest, who shall humbly present, and place it upon the holy table.'' We would call special attention to the last close of this Rubric, and would ask what idea this was intended to oonvejr ? Here wo (lfaye. 'Priest,; Offering, and. Alter, orwc .bare a .'piece of pompous unmeaning ceremony, Very unbecoming in . the public jworshipof Him who has said, in reference .tp sncH 'inattars, " When thou. doest thine aims, do not sound a trumpet, before thee, as the hypocrites do in tbe synagogues and. in' the streets." It may be well to give a short passage .from tbe prayer- which follows this presentation of alms on the holy 'table. It will show how fully the idea'of Priest Offering and Altar entered into the mind of the framers of Che rubric, Ac. , It is here—" We humbly beseech thee, most mercifully to accept our alma and, oblations, and to receive these our prayers which we offer to thy Divine Majesty." &c.; AH this is but an addi tional evidence of what we have stated already, viz., that every . additional revi sion of the Prayer-book has brought it into sbloser conformity to its Popish original. Yhen the reader has carefully studied its Various editions as we have done, be will Iiave : ceased to doubt on this ; subject; There is another rubric it may be as well Vojgiveu; it is found at the beginning of the Communion Service. It is as follows " Tbe table, at the communion time, having a fair white linen cloth upon it, shall, stand in the body of the church, or in the chancel, where Morning and Evening Prayers are appointed to be said. And the priest standing at the north side of the table, shall sav the Lord's Prayer, with the collects following, the people kneeling." " The people kneeling," was Added by authority of Charles II. The reader may also consult the 82nd Canon. In an Edition of the Book of Common Prayer, published in 1773, we find a book .between the Articles, and the WAole Book of, Psalms in metre, with this title, — A Companion to the Alt Alt, shewing the necessity of a Sacramental Preparation, fc., <fec., with the following note affixed : — " This book is bound up with the Com mon-Prayers of several sorts, printed by the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and are to be had as above." The following is from the opinion of Sir R. Pliillimore, delivered in connec tion .with the Hestoration of the Round Church case. It and other important matters will he found in the Ecclesiolo- gist, vol. IV., page 249, &c.; . He says — . I. .1 That the opponents of the grant of the Faculty have failed to show the existence of vmy positive law prohibiting the erection of a Stone Table in the Chancel of a Church ; Whereas the burthen of such proof lay upon them, , ' 2. That the meaning of the word " Table" is not of necessity "to be derived from the sense in which it might have been used in' tlui In junctions of Bishop Ridley.; but that the Church of England has used the words " Table" arid " Altar" as synonymous terms both before and since the Reformation, as is manifest from the writings of. the Divines of that and of a later period, as well , as from itliei Coronation Service, tlie Church Building Acts, and, other authorities, 1 8. That the material of which the Holy Table must he made is nowhere prescribed by any, binding authority; while the language of the Canons "f 1003 and of, the Rubric is that it 'mai/, not that it must, be movable! ' 4; 'That the reason fur moving thcHoly Table from the Chancel to the body of the Church lias, ceased with the. removal of. certain structures yvhich obstructed the,' view and access of the parishioners ;.ind that thc.custqm of moving it has fallen into desuetude for more than two eeriturics.'| : - ' : - ' 5, That, looking to' the history of the , times when:,, the Altars .were. V plucked, down,'' the conflict of authorities after the 'Reformation. as. to' the legality of, Stone Tables, the fact' that 011 thevarious revisions of the Liturgy, especially at the Restoration, no enactment of a more, "positive character, witherespeqt to, them .was introduced, 'though it was a subject much; pressed by the Puritans, and to. the , fact. that many immovable Stone Altars have been1 ercc-' ted since the Reformation underthe sanction of the Crown, and the highest authorities' "of the. Church ; looking to all these facts,- I am of opinion that the Court of Ely. came to'a right decision in the matter, namely, ; that the material and the structure: of- tlie Holy Table was a question left, and intended .to,,bq i left,, by the Ecclesiastical laws of -these, realms, to the discretion of the local Ordinary, iiiid. that such discretion was rightly exercised' in ac-' cepting tho gift of the Stone Table which; had; been made to the Church of., the .Hply Sepul-; ohre'at Cambridge. . .'j 1. " The following is .from .thp.J.eaynqd' Joseph M f.de, a great qrpairientj.jo .the. Cliurch of England.:. . He ijsays' in,, his/ tract jon " The name,. Altar. top .Tha'si- Astekion, anciently , gipen tothenJToly. Table''; — 'i.Now,( by warrant,- of, those,'; testimonies, , I tbirik I may. safely conclude, that the, use of the riiiirie Altar (for' aright "that any hitherto, hath showed to the contrary) is rio less ancierit; inj Christianity than that ofthe Holy .Table, or 'Tabic g£ the;Lord; .,(And.that .both have been mrqibiscuou'sly used, from the Apostolic times. Nor is -it ariyiarfiil it should he so; for these -names aro'- of ah equivalent notioii, and signify ' onti and .tlie safne thing, v For what is'iari' Altar hut of, .those kind - ,of tliingq, . wc jcall "Wliat yeriK.9 else can" wc refer it to? The diff erence is that an Altar notes not a common, but an holy table, a table for an holy feast, ! such as I have heretofore showed a sacrifice to bo, epuluni ex ohlatis, or a 'feast of an oblation : made unto God. In his discourses concerning the holi ness of churches, he says ; — This is enough for the end I intended, which was to shew how tho Eucharist is the sacra ment of our address unto God, and therein of a different nature to baptism, which is not so, hut the rite only of our new birth, whereby we became the sons of God, and are admitted to be members of his Church, not tho Sacrament whereby we exorcise the functions of this new life, in worshipping, invocating. au d glorify ing our Father, through Jesus Christ. These premises considered, the answer to your de mand (why in the posture of our adoration of the Divine Majesty, more respect should he had to the Altar or Holy Table, than either to the Font or Pulpit) is plain and easy, namely, because adoration is an act of address, and of tender of honor unto God, and therefore most fitly to be performed at or toward the place of our address which is the Altar, whereat anciently as tho Sacrament of Eucharist, so tlie whole devo tions of the Church were performed and pre sented to the Divine Majesty, &c.;, &c.; Professor Blunt, in a passage given in our last, appears to be of opinion that both Altar and Lights are legal, although in some cases tlicy may have become ob solete. Wheatley tells us that — Bishop Ridley endeavoured to compromise this matter (the dispute about altnvs) , and therefore in St. Paul's Cathedral, Buffered tho table to Btnnd in tho place of tho old altar. (Speaking of the breaking-down of Altnvs in the time of Elizabeth, ho says) This happened for the generality only in private churches, they not being meddled with in any of the Queen's palanes, and in but very few of . the Cathedrals. And as soon as the Queen was sensible of what had happened in other places, she put out an injunction to restrain the fury of tho people, declaring it to bo no matter of great moment whether there were nltnrs or tables, so thnt the Sacrament was duly and revevoutly administered, &c.; We will here give a passage from Hierologus ; or, the Church Tourists, by Rev. J. M. Neale. The following will he found in the Preface : — They may he taught the Real Presence of their Saviour in that ordinance : but how are they to believe it when they see the Altar itself and its furniture such as no man would presume to set before an earthly, superior ; when month after month they behold the miserable deal table, (loaded, except on Sunday, with hassocks,) the rayyed linen cloth, the haltered pewter vessels, and the black bottle ? How is it possible to contradict words by deeds, if this bo not doing so ? We do nob assert, that the re- introduction of copes will give, a man faith or penitence, or put him into that frame of mind in which he may be a meet receiver of tho Holy Eucharist ; but we do assert tliat it will teach him that those who order its use, and those who. minister in it, consider that Mystery as something opart from — and higher tl'ian — the other offices of their Church. Wo do not say that a' golden chalice and paten will of themselves lead any one to realise the awfulncss of 'verily and indeed tak ing and receiving' the Body and Blood of his Saviour; but it will at -least .teach him; that those who have provided . them' consider That Bread and Thnt Wine as worthy of all reverence. We do not imagine that, alter candlesticks ' tan, by themselves, lend a mnntokcep liis eycs fixed 011 Him That is tho Light of the (Gentiles, j/and the Glory of Isi nel ; but they will at least set before liim tho Altar as d iridst' sKcred's'potjpa spot not: only, as the rest of the Hiurcli, to! bo kept from profanation,- but to be looked ion: as even nioro holy than;. the .other.-, portions, of God's Temple. We clo riot think that the rood-, screen, by itself, will make any" man; feel the essentiality of an Apostolical Succession, or the benefit of Priestly. Absolution ; but it. will; at least practically, teach him the.ctifforeiicebctween the clergy and the , laity, 1 when, , lie: sce3 the different position of tbe two classses in church. We next give a quotation' from Our New Vicar, by 'Her. J; . S. B. Moiisell , LL.D., Rural Dean,' and Vicar of Egliam. Itis as'followd":— 1 111 ' ' ' ''' V;.' But there irrio reality' 'which they can offer, which 'the Church ''of- 'England- does not'-' offer- and; >give- . She -ioffers -andi gives ithat , which. Christ, offered and gavo;whonIIp,-!v;qs,oii earth." She offers ,to. God the Body and Blood of Christ,. lis' Christ Hhuself offered it. fch'e . night, before; his crucifixion : "This is My/Body"' — " Tliis is' My Blood.";: She gives to tlie faithftfl,' as-'' fhiir'- lood; tlint which- .has been ;so; offered :> ".Take, eat "—-',' Drink ye all of it."; She, does not then;' hs'suriie'td offer up a sacrifice freshly' made) but elin rlnriu " fi4Ps> » /-/it/2 mi'Dorin/ " ' //1 TflV Sacrifice which Christ has Price for'all riihde, and. pleads its efficacy and: fullness. .Heract'is; itlie highest, the, Church on earth can celebrate,; whop lier Priesthood) the slindow. of the great ; Higli- Priest, plead on' earth, what He is plead-, irig in heaven— the blood of thc'Atoncriicnt.- 1,J 1 'Hero is rio sacrificing priest!,' offering up each time: .a fresh sacrifice— as if that iwcre : to 1 bo - again ; and again (lone.byuRian, which has been;. : on co for all ,done by, .Chrisj;. But still here ,is a , priest, 'iri. the truest sense of the term, present; , ing to' arid pleading witli''G'o(l ' that 'Sacrifice which is eternal ;- which his o'wri eyes never siriv/ ' but whifcli fuitbidisccrns "p which his own ih'arids-.- nevcr handled, -hut, which the: ;tqrn Hands, -7- that ohco offered it from the Gros, outetretched. in' their sacrificial pleading,— arcnpw 'offering; before the MojeBty above. ' ; ! 5 Turning toward tGod; ! at; vtlio'. if; altar;" -he' pleads the Great Sacrifice. Turning toward the; people, at tlie. " Holy/Table,". I10 offers to .,thpm the Suppor of ' tlie Lord; - ; : 1 ' " Priest " aricl i " altar. " 1 speak- of - his' 1 God- ward office; ".riiinistcr " (audi 1 "iLord's-Table " refer to his man-ward ministrations. With two exceptions he is spoken of throughout the 'Office invariably as a 'bpriest "—and those two are, whon he confesses' the sins of- the people, or delivers the' Communion- at tho Lord's Table.- Then he is called " the" -minister " in eaoh prece ding rubric. But : when : he consecrates, when he offers alms, oblations, prayers at. the " altar," then ho is always spoken of as " the priest." - In addition . to the above, we, have marked for, quotation, several passages in the following -works, Zurich Letters; Directorium Anglicanum yBliint's Souse-, hold Theology ; Bennett's Letter, to Dr. Pasey ; Chambers' ( Recorder of Salisbury) Letter on Altar Lights, dec. But as we have already taxed the patience of our readers to a very considerable extent, prudence com pels us to forbear. We must therefore ask them to consider the facts stated, and to form their own conclusions. We have said very little about lights,, as they are of less importance. Besides, if altars are legal — if they, are, as be believe, absolutely necessary to the completion of the system, we canmt see but lights must he so also. Is tlie Bible alone tlie religion of the Church of England? This will be our next subject, which we hope to he able to treat in a calm, impartial, and compre hensive m'anner, if not in the next issue of our Standard in the next but one. 