For the. ploinggrretig to the grow are indebted to.a small work byW. H. Marsh, pub lished at Colombo. "The work 'ha been placed at our disPdfal by'the'Asolimatisation Society, to whicb' it waPs preeetod b opeof the editor of the Colombo OberP?` on ' visit to Queensland. By way t e p.vet ,'taeia are reminded that the coffe plant, Malthogh tender in the hands of many who try it herrs sgrvce '?k?'al d frbiits freely with others. At the Botanical Gardel 'thB tree has long been grown abobi tw sithtth ago tpe plants'ore literally loaded with berrid?e? Mr; Warner, of Xangaroo Point, has gohsteaad?nllflinto the eultivation for many years, md haet ]lid hi?prtbinot 'of tree.; on several p ldaiios 3:EM?.lr: Whehae exhibited"the berries, and they have always been commended as of very fine quality. Mr. Hedkiei sdo.hsssome.tfineofeepe.aite, mud;¶ie belieV6] kitif'eidlinjA' in stock at all timea. 'o-hsj&b015eibh;'jlers, fr'isndou f of ours have got plg?i.fbms B-ibaitse 'or 'cuitivbtlon at the Pine untain, Roekhampton, Upper Mary, Port Mackay, and other plaewb a:ld in nmany, instances they are growing satisftorily. The present is a good time gleds them out, 'and we believe that those who aeadisposed to do so will gain much practical infor mat?i a1atalg s?bjoined itemarks of Mr. Marsh: The aeilbst adlapted to the cultivation of the coffee tree is ,the .??looae gravellyor stony," and the Sehoolte,. .but?the tree sustains life, and yields fruit, though not to a great extent, in other soils. The rich black mould is -peuliarly favourable to the c l and will produce it, like other fruit trees, in etieon in- seasonable climate; but I have seen fields established on rich soils throw out'an immense foliage; always app?dring greeriand beautiful, and yetproduoming no fruit. ' An insteice ofthlislid is to be found in a high field' ii bt. David's, called Windsor. 'iA'.'elayey 'sl barbburs damp in wet weather, whilst itbecess dry and sterile at the oppo site change, andtbisi iegtation in the tree. It is not unfrequently mired' with '· stratum of marl, to whihO eadonas thes:robote of is tree arrive, decay en sues, the drat indication of which is to be'observed in. thbeitliewaes of the leaves, which soon become Ihrivelled, till at length all drop off, nature yields, and life becomes totally.extinct. In my experience I have seen lg satOihmof toffee die off afterthis manner, wijtbgg.yaw.ppaent.p.desibility of accounting for it, bit on dlgiaj down to the loweF roots, the marly st)gs lb I hasve epokdn is to be found. A p waswseorted4o byan experienced planter to re stabl?eh, a-feld which : 'sd"'tdius" died anwy. ';He ptsau. e!dm l qautity` of whitslime to be thrown into the ble (which sls ,alee'dug very large) in te-4dlg.nee e ebyoung_ p ant,'5ogether with a 'q hat 'oiL' The tree grew,' ind bore fo?rua asci sgsi? btatagaih became the victim of thesma .L-rthwoldherefore appet, i tlir tto'he warmth of the lime had been??bbrbed'by the chilling damp ness oftes ly stratm, and'.that the latter lldbf,? is power to co mmlcante its deadly bsllo'tlhest of the tree. In virgiln pQdp r.the saeel'qpreparation of felt. mgjeian- A 'it;gpe' wood, the coffee plant ijas pttleoihe'the' followsng manner :-The land.is lined off??to rwsw of from~ to. feetlsquare, s the. rich.l n?'adti the'Bsoil' ea d the prospeots of climate may pgass ie iueertedinhthefiweti itn?la we B t tpbo spot assigned for theireception of the plant, and the._pep-s ,epgaged in putting in, the yaonpsupkers follow on. with a delve, and as the psQ'Lirnibove i'aole is made about eighteen inbhee deep, into wjshitlste pant isisserted, andt'the earth' piled gen?s aibout'it, leivig'from sir to eight inches expepabovehfe theey r?op..ao tbeoeartb.. rermerly it ,'?ta'in a "),pA floe umeaeries 'feesm the .seed, whnce a.g enpplyo?younag plants 'could be' obtalin'lls yiog out of thnew felds; .but these have sll?? .inlo die, from iths quantity of young: tremasthl'h.h'atsl- be found grsingg:;wild'on,.thrown e tihea f f u'eultiatt d fields.by the birds and cats. -Theaquauntityffiawhieh isannuallyloetto'properties: 'byaundr~c iaiiOhs pareless reaping, birds, rate, \- 'f i rm'-ttheiimvi ,nurseries.under the trees,'ind these furnish plants ;ut on.allwell managed.proper. tie%'tbt'ateither jiuteenese eheuld beleradicated, as they teotn4u h'to imnoierivsh'e.stoiland.to robthe Strieil thnt elimtnt ill is essentially necessary to its preservation aid'loigegity.'. . , The so pee .drawn, trim d of their roots, and -cut a o"f'eteo', rood stout:stumps are ges tfliy "etd? t as they 'egetate with greater streng?t. Plantations werp formerly estblisbed from the'sed th firs? t instance; but .,- have, not known within the lt fifteen yeasi anoh. a fouran to have l~u'i t&mary; to plant corDn,pe?, and proi sions th bagh.all yupng,8elds, till trees were sabbhhlhye'aoil ld ; but thegreat alteration which 'ha taaken peaein plantation economy since the eman oit?etli?t?is been such s to abolish thib practice. ' I do not think that either corn or peas do any:injiry to a young field ; but provisionsdeoidelytend-to exhaust the il and skeep baoki rtyhtog plante Ybui'bltr di'repiure immense care, in conseqtense of the ranknes of. the weeds which spring up in all new?rlhl' Ittihrefore' becomes necessary to clean them at least,four. times .per annum ; and at each oleaninotidi e iisite to supply all the plants which ba?t?' ot.lo aken,. in order to ensure.a perfect and reguplar? ?l ' i'dsiaell eye ie the fret syplptom of . hieg, n e?Wt? ttr'teast. ?bs?boiecsion;uthea n bud, a couple of leave, sbda'joinfitdpia leaves follow in tihe course of nature's operations. " . , Thq yonng tree pootone I lateral branches at eaeh?Slnt%' h ia'followin regular asucession'till the tree arrives at the height of four feet six inches.. Itis at thi.esiodsde hbnseieniie oafrt'c all?ed intel 'action;h by tleitoppisefb It , ie wbl iied' i ts edrwd dby. rut ting off the?.?e inches with a knife, so as to form a 'trsete::floar-tetlt!*hid'?pe.tlon 'heas' a' winderful effettm regeWtonrt'tlle'blarcbes id.their tlri begin to throewot bad?' wh"th' in tihe 'become tie limbs terei4sls?dh1eltleb".nnd'in, the'cnun of eighteen moseithilsertohlll 'have arrived at 'its full 'bearniqg point, fosmsngaspeeacls of amazing beauty and order, and Se?tf'sg beie?l*able pea- green hue. Itiate-ar l virg land adapted to. the growth of the coffee trp have become so distant from the 3w?rbs,t4rials have been made on plantations to establish fields on thrown up lands and old negro Muh snuccess has attended the latter attempt, but the Yiids-domot?rgow to within one-half the size of those planted on new soils. Lands situate contiguous to theasorkisaight be established in coffe by the aid of manuaedsowever poor the soil may be, but immense eare,eaiduttentiod; ill be required to effect it.' Tres, after being topped, throw up suckers from eac?hjiat lbut!mors epecially at the head. These mast be removed at each cleaning, as they grow rank, and rob the tree of its bnpport. Tbhe wood of a coffee tree.itct'egree'nish coslotir, and rathei soft when oung but as it ripens it assumes a 'brownish and hardy appearance. In topping young fields .this ap peasenoe must be strictly attended to,'and the trees should ctpAglpped dill the wood has ripened at the ettig ri?mt. hare known' young fields almodt ruined fbeingtcopped too early, before the wood had suft?e ened,,- As young trees commence being plantea as they generally bear heavilj 'et the time of top'ingJt t~nds to reason that unless the mother stem a?en tly ripe to bear the weight of the lirmnches loaded with truotl.the unripe portion will wear aways,?aas thea the tree and (uit will be de The mof difdlualtand yet highly important portion Of pladsiatioi management, consiste in the due at tention .Jieh is required to keep the fields regularly and pvirly prtieed. This is a subject upon which plant~ib n-e seldom found to egree-cacts one has his own peculiar system of pruing ; some recommend heavry cuttings, otheias ight pmroing, and not a few no pluning at all. Amid asuch a jargon of opposite pirons, ie ssat 'adopt the motto in eedio tutiimuins. In my opinion, one of thecmany evils which has been inflicted an this country hoeas resulted from the injudiciolis'and indisereet mode of management which wo pursued upon plantetions.' Whilst large tracts of woodland weBeat commined, little or no attention was paid to".Wjisig in culivation of old cstablisled felds; these were allowed to ruen into waste, to give placetoethbiarge returns which were anticipated from a new and rich soil. Indeed I may safely say on this point that tbo usual indication of Jamaica characler- I saties was palpably evident-namely, to live few one's self, and'iS t ino think of posterity. Acting uneder thiu spirit, plantations were run over, and con siderel worn out in the course of a few years, whilst with "prbper deree of care and precaution, they might rnave ritanned their names, nud kept up their crope:for a series of years. Thie pruning Fystcm then adopted tended much to accelerate the ruin of proprie. :'1' la|bour was abundant, it was oas tomr"-"-tc smmsence pruning at an early soasos, before theermop as taesn off, and the destruction of a few tierbai of pisui'e at the fag end of the crop was copniderad eafb 'sonsequaeneo. By dint of heavy and severe cuttings, the trees were forced to the utmost of which nature was susceptible into copious vegetation. This exuberance of young wood the tree could not sustain to perfection, and the major portion wea therefore consigned, in turn, to the fate of being torn away by the openers to perish, to secure some venti lation for the tree. Thus was that undone which ihature had been forced to perform. These heartless bleedings were repeated year after year till nature was exhausted, and the tree would yield up the ghost. This system of management came under my own obtervation, which has induced me to allude so point idly to it, more so as it was set up as the neplusulref of plantership by those who had numbered their eighteen and twenty years experience in plantation management. When fields have been neglected for years, it be. comes absolutely necessary to resort to serere pruning to re- organlse the tree; for it stands to reason that constant vegetation irregularly kept up must choke the trees and prevent ventilation; while the decaying and useless branches would still spring, and draw sustenance from the good and regular; and as the tree continues to bear yearly, however little, it must become one mass of vegetation and irregularity. Such being the case, it is impossible that the bearing wood can attain perfection, but be the rather stinted in its growth, and become useless and unprofitable. There can be no specific rules laid down for the guidance of the uninitiated in the art of pruning. General roles might be spoken of, but they are so liable to be interfered with in their application, by constant changes in the climate and the seasons, as to render their intent unavailable. In my opinion, the beat mode of management is discernible mi him who takes advantage of the appearance of nature by an application of his skill, when that is required to assist the tree in nature's operations. The tree, as I have before observed, throws out lateral branches in the first stage of its growth. These are called primaries, and should they be cut off, or broken from the stem by accident, their place can never be supplied .by a growth of the same kind. Suckers and "gormandisers," of which I shall here. after speak, take their place. The collaterals which strike out in a lateral direction from the primaries, subsequently become the legitimate victim of the pruning knife after their bearing. But it often hap. pens that as nature promisciounly supplies this vege. tation, a larger crop of collaterals might be generated, and draw more aliment from the tree than it is able to support and bring the fruit to perfection, so it becomes necessary to resort to science, and to select that portion of the wood which is healthy, strong, and regular, and take out the puny, irregular, sand super fluous. 