jjlE NOVELIST. I -^TeSEWHE W-AB EIGHT.* I jjy 4.NTH0N* TflOLLOPB. Cha*tbb XVII. COMES TO NtTNOOMBE PUTNtst. A known to them all as they «p0°" wered in the hall that Mr. Glas jefflaiBeo/"" Un, Stanbury came cock in d informed them that he had <,ut t°! Konoombe Putney for the last fire bee" at IN he ha(J Mked for Mrs. Travel-, kour«'an „ed> jt bpoame evident, aB the J* "^evening went on, that. Mrs, Stan afff" °' f 0 few minutes been thrown into a tol?i tste of amazement, thinking that ^ o'Lel" had appeared. The Btrange *®.# ° however, having obtained admit «entle 'lai„ed who be was, saying that; 4aD°\ very detirone of seeing Mrs. Trevelyan, A Miss Rowley. It may be presumed iTs dimmer of light aid make its way into ?8tanbury's mind on'the subject} but up fL moment at which the three travellers •a .he had been in doubt on the subject. ^nvefl, saen , ... , wanM uk<l *r Glasoock bad declared that he would take lk and in the oourse of the afternoon had ** ' j high approval of Mrs. Crocket's i-it Whan Mr*, firnnkefcl _8kill. When Mrs. Crooket heard that thai entertained the Bon of a lord, she was, " loud in her praise of the manper in hich be had eaten two mutton obops and Lied for a third. He had thought it no dis to imply himself to the second half of an ^ pie/and had professed himself to be.an 2est admirer of Devonshire cream. «Jt's them counter-skippers as turns up their little noses at the victuals as is set before tteffl," ea'd Mrs. Crocket, Xfter hie dinner Mr. Glascock had returned to the Clock-house, and had been sitting there toisn hour with Mrs. Stanbury, not much to delight or to his, when the carriage was driven up to the door, u jje ;6 to go back to LisBbro' to-night," said 3In.Stenbury in a whisper. k Qf course you must see him before he m«?" eaid Mrs* Trevelyan to her sister. Ibeie had, as was natural, been very much gaid between the two sisters about Mr. Glas gow. Nora had abstained from asserting in gaj decided way that she disliked the man, aod had always absolutely refused to allow Hugh Stanbury's name to be mixed up with <g» question. 'Whatever might be her own thoughts about Hugh Stanbury she had kept them even fromher sister. When her sister fed Jfcfdtod Mf- Glas <^'&ecau6B; ofHiSgH," She had shown herself to be indignant, and had since that said one or two fine things asto hisrcapacityto refuse a brilliant offer simply because the man who aude it was indifferent to her. ' Mrs. Travel ythbtd learhed frbtri hef that her snitor had deolired bis Intention to persevere j and here wis poseveranoe with p vengeance i "Of ooone you must eee him,—at once," said Mrs. Hweljao. Hon for a few seconds had remained alent, and then had run up to her room. Her aster followed her instantly. - .. • What is the . meaning of it allP" said (wills to her mother. . ' * I suppose he is in love with Miss Rowley," <iid Mrs. Stanbury. '..fJtojstoisltieiPJ*. a ... : ^hen Mrs, Stanbury tpld all that she kne w. 1 43k bid seen from his card that he was < as Honourable Mr. Glascock. ■ She bad |toBected from what he had said that he was , *abli friend of the two ladies. Her conviction strong in Mr. Giasobbk's jfavour,—think *i(.«ishe exproesedheroelf, that everything J va right and proper,-—but she would hardly ' «phhi why she thought »0. ■ , J "Ids jrisli ghat they had never borne,'"said , ^^Jwho.oould npt rid herself pf pn idea there must be danger In having todowith ^maeu who hid men running after them. ! ^^ebbrsliVU see My*," eaid Nora to her -PS-" f.Ihave not refused tb see him. Why %<*•7 . ' ;; . i i?lh|ve pot scolded.yon, Noraj but I do to think, how immensely Important1 Important" grower iT^mJc,hQWt gopdH^.^H \- 'bong mjj|t he his attachment, wnen he hers4fU* yon in this way." ; ^^ kiipw jrpn Jikp haye.itolp ;*Ato.xAnd toJytMoyui^tomam»aflri|l 3f^ijfiu0h a positfonl » And'th« Hftah <to p9SX«.m^^iA. §kf,xm,-4b#jk bolMil ,3km.: «* loVrhtn «-vh wmvoM S,M '•.aiilt >youfi^itagsdnst St«?>V|» »u;l .! in w-fWlrar KiAW' iw iSfmiTT",' '•Ueiv ^«v« movk 388 said Nora, " and then I'll come down. Tell him that I'm coming *' Mrs. Trevelyan stooped over her, kissed her, and (hen Mt, hep. . % •• Nora, ae soon as v . she was alone, stood upright in the middle off the room and held her hand up to heif fotehead. She had been t far from' thinking, when she was considering the matter easily among the hillocks, that the necessity for en absolute deoision would cpme upon her so instantaneously. She had told herself only this morning that it would'be wise io accept the mab, if he should everask a pecond time,;—and he had cpme,already. ;He had been waiting .for her in the Tillage while she had' 'been thinking whether he would1 evfer 1 como across her path again. She thought it would hare been easier for her now, to have gone down with a " yes" in her mouth, if her sister had not pressed her bo hard to say that "yes." The very pressure from her sister seemed to imply that suoh pressure ought to be resisted. Why should there have been pressure, unless there were reasons against her marrying him P And yet, if she chose to take him, who would have a right to complain of her P Hugh Stan bury had never'spoken to her a word that would justify her ih eVen supposing that he would con sider himself to be ill-uped. All others of her friends would certainly rejoice, would applaud her, pat,her on the back, cover her with careBseB, and tell her that she had been bora under a happy star; And she did like the man. Nay; she thought she loved him. She withdrew her bands .from her brow, assured herself that her lot in life waB cast, and with hurrying Sngen attempted, to smooth her hair and to arrange her ribbons before the glass. She would go to the encounter boldly and accept him honestly. It was her duty to do so. Whet might she not do for brothers and sisters as the wife of Lord Peterborough of Monk hams P She saw that that arrangement before the glass could be of no servioe, and she stepped quickly to the door. If he did not like her as she was, he need not ask her. Her mind was made up, and ehe, would do it. But as she went down the ateirs to the room in which she knew that he was waiting for her, there came orer her a cold feeling of self- accuBation,— almost of disgrace. " I do not care,'* ehe said. " I know that I'm right." She opened: the door quickly, that there might be >no farther doubt, and found that ehe was alone with him. "MieB Bowley," he eaid, "I am afraid you wDl think that I am persecuting you." "I have no right to think that," she answered. " 111 tell you why I have come. My deer father, ,wh6 has always been my beet friend, is very ill. He is at Naples, end I must go to him. He is very old,youkno w,—orer eighty j and will never live to come back to Bngjiand. Prom what I hear, I think it probable that I may remain with him till everything is over." " I did not knpir that he was so old as | that." * . ; " They eey that he can hardly live above a month or two. He will never eee my wife,— if I can have a wife; hut I should like to tell him, if it were possible,—that,—that——" " I understand you, Mr. Glascock." " I told you that I should come to you again, and as I may possibly linger at Naples all the winter, I could not go without seeing you. Miss Bowley,. may I hope that you can love me?" I...., . She did not . answer him a word, botatood looking away front him with her hands olaSped together. Had be'asked her whether she Would be bis wife, it is possible that the answer which she had prepared . would have been spoken. But he bad put the question io an other form. Bid she love him P If she could only bring herself 'to bey that the oould - love him, the iM{|htbe Bedy 6f Modkh&ms; before the next summer h.ad come round. , "Nora,',' be saici,"do you think,that you can love me P" ■ I - - ' ■ « No," ehe said, and there was something almost of fierceness in the tohe ofher 'ydron as she answered him,,! «« And must that he your final answer to ,meP" *-' i •*> ■: ■ •••• u >•1 " Mr.<Jlasoock, what can I say P» she re plied. "I will tell you the honest tenth—I wBl tell you everything. I'tamp hifo tfiis topm determined to, aooeptyou- But you are,to good, and kinds iMd jo upright, that I een not tell ybu a fslMbeod. I do not love you., I ought nbt to tele what you ofibr toe. If I««» infbuW he' l^ahto'ton ,arj}' Hob, and notheeMto jppM..tome9Df \ toll pCdmi but l do." .^entoheiBimg •aiid htd bto feoeiilbbtobtof the tolls ott qf the light. , . " I Her lover &»d labt hnovrlng hbsf to • ^ ^ A«, m now aaidi to; hito.it impossible .Jhto he should press.her further; ItsvasalmostOm ttfcslbletbatlrt sh6Wlfl lwhihto.^6 Jo. Wheb he«t isnpdherp»to fp&TM; i jsh.to,write .Mhe,nwaj<*,f(Hftot*« m Y If jo," heatid^^f ooutoe l ltoTe potbii* -toiio"pel* '"t! «A- n.-j. *•!.•«« ; 4 Bhejfee •Bbblngrahttltohia'Wbk ta»w* bUf mtemSSsBM lostwbat hsdseemsd to»her to he jo good; anq. •fall' oftoiooweinthatjheiiadjounheoessarily ■v tittd'hU "Ibhght tditomto yoju ^tjltodjfo&ftHtih;»';» so *>.?' " ; ■ OHJodma lo waurio* 1 . She thanked him for this by a motion of her head and hand, not by wordi;—and then he was gone. How be managed to bid adien to Mra. Stanbuiy and her sister, or whether he saw them aa he,left the honae, ahe never knew. In her corner of the sofa, weeping in the dairk, partly prohd and partly repentant, ahe re mained 4ill heriister came to her. "Emily," ahe aud, jumping up,- "say nothing abont it; not a word... It is of wo: use. The thing ii done and over, and let it altogether be for gotten," " It is done and over, certainly," said Mrs. Trevelyan., /. . "Exactly j—apd..I Buppose a girl may do what /he likes, with herself in that way. If I chopse to ,dec)^e to ,takeif anything that is pleasant, and nice,, and comfortable, nobody baa a tight to scold me. And I won't be scolded." " But, my child, wh.o. iB scolding you ?" You. mean to scold me. But it is of no use. The man .has gone, and there is an end ^°fhing that you can Bay or I can think will bring him back again. I don't want anybody to tell me tliat it would be better tp be Lady Peterborough, with everything that the world has to give, than to live here with out a soul to speak to, and to have to go back to those horrible islands next year. You can't think that I am very comfortable." "But what did you say to him, Nora P" " What did I say to himP What could I say to him P Why didn't he ask me to be bis wife without saying anything about love ? He asked me if I loved him. Of course I don't love him. I would have said I did, but it stuck in my throat. Iam willing enough, I believe, to sell myself to the devil, but I don't know how to do it. Never mind. It's done, and now I'll go to bed." She did go to bed, and Mrs. Trevelyan ex plained to the two ladies as much as was necessary of what had occurred, When Mrs. Stanbuiy came to understand that the gentle man who had been closeted with her would, probably, in a few months be a lord himself that he was a rich man, a member of Parliament, and one of those who are decidedly bom with gold epoons in their months, and un derstoOdalso that N ora Eo wley had refused him she/was loetin amazement. Mr. Glascock was about forty, yearn of age, and appeared to Nora. Be wley, who was nearly, twenty years his junior, to be almost an old man. But to Mrs. Stanbuiy, who was over sixty, Mr.' Glascock seemed to be quite in the flower of hie age. The bald place at the top of his head simply showed that he had paeaed his boyhood,end the grey hairsatthe back of his whUkers were ho more than outward Bigns of manly discretion. She could not understand -why any girl should refuse such an offer, unless the man were himself bad in morals, or in temper.- $ut Mrs. Trevelyan had told her, while Nora and Mr. Glascock were closeted together, that he was believed by them all to te good and gentle. Nevertheless she felt a considerable increase of respeot for a young lady who. had refused the eldest son «f a lord. Priacilla, when ehe heard ' what had occurred, expressed to her mother a moderated approval. According to her views a girl would much more often be right to refuse an offer of marriage thau to accept it, let him who made the offer be who he might. And the fact of the man having been sent away with a refusal some what softened Priecilla's anger at his coming there at all. "I suppose he is a goose," said she to her mother," and I hope there won't be amy more of the kind running after them while they are with us." Nora, when ehe was alone, wept till her heart was almost broken. It Was done, aod the man was gone, and the thing was over. She had quite sufficient knowledge of the world to Realise perfectly the diffirflhoe be tween tuoh a position as that which had been offered to her, and the position whioh in all probability she would now be called upon to All; She bad bad her chanoe, and Fortune 'bad placed great things at her'disposal. It must bo said of her also that the great things which fortune had offered to her were treasures very valuable in her eyes. Whether it be right and wise to oovet or to despise wealth and rank, there was no doubt but that she coveted tbem. She bad been instructed to believe in them, and she did believe in them., In some mysterious manner of which she herself knew nothing,- taught by some, preoeptor the nobility of vrhost lessons she had not recog nised though she had aocepted them, she had learned oUier things also,-—to revere truth end ttovfc and to be ambitious as regarded herself of:oanforringthegift of her. wholfs heartupetietfmo ontwhom she oouldwor skipasa hero. She had spoken the simple ^jriwben j$*.l# ^^. ...h^^jster tyieit Jus; bad hm« to the devil, but that- ishe. <hscd failed., in heir fash attempt to execute the contract. -But now, aisbelajr webpingon her bed, tearing herself withremorte, ^t«fth|to herself in the moat vividpgloipi, .fit jp.ai. .she |isd! throprn awajf, '< telling hartelf ©f all that she might have done and all the' Qiight have been, had she nqt allowed the insane folly of a moment to get the better, of her, she received little or no ooui fort from flue mppption tb|t ehe, had .been true to her'better instincts. 8he had told the rpah thatebehad refuted him because abe loved Hugh. Btanburyi-r- at least, as (vr as ehe could remember whet had paned, aha had ^o tofd! himi And how mean it wai'ofheV to. pdldW' herself to be actuated by an lotahe pajuton, tpr a mem' who bad never spoken to ,hw ofJoye, and h<m siUy of heir afterwards |o oonfesi itl Of what service could such a passion be to ber life# Even were it returned, she could not marry suoh a one as Hugh Stanbury. She knew enough of herself to be quite sure that were he to ask her to do so to morrow, she would refuse him. Better go and be soorebed, and bored to death,' and buried at the Mandarins, than attempt to regulate a poor household, which, as soon as ehe made one of its number, would be on the sure road to ruin! For a moment there came upon her, not a thought, hardly an idea,—something of a waking dream that she would write to Mr. Glascook and withdraw all that she had said. Were she to do so ho would probably despise j ber, and tell her that he despised' her;—but there might be a chance. It was possible that such a declaration would bring him back to berand did it not bring him hack to her she would only be where she was, a poor .lost, sh i p wrecked creature, who had flung herself upon the rocke and thrown away her only chanoe of a prosperous voyage across the ocean of lifej her only chance, for she was not like other girls, who at 'any rate remain on the ecene of action, and may refit their spars and still win their way. For there were to be no more seasons in London, no more living in Curzon-street, no renewed power of entering the ball-room and crowded staircases in which high-born wealthy lovers can be conquered. A great prospect had been given to ber, and she had flung it aside! That letter of retractation was, however, quite out of the question. The reader must not suppose that Bhe had ever thought that she could write it. She thought of nothing but of coming misery and remorse. In her wretchedness shs fancied that she had absolutely disclosed to the man who lowed her the name of him whom ahe had been mad enough to say that she loved. But what did it matter P Let it be as it might, she was destroyed. The next morning she came down to break fast pale as a ghost; and they who saw her knew at once that she had done that which had made her a wretched, woman. 