TURF GOSSIP. BY PLAYBOY. Abridged from the Australasian. What is to win the Cup 1 that's the idea which is bothering tho brains of a great many at present. All those who have a soul above buttonH, eat, drink, and sleep upon the thought of it. Every pound that can be spared is now put on tho Cnp. In all parts of the country, sober, hard-working men aro putting their savings by to visit Melbourne to see the Cup, Momma is pestered by Jemima, June, and Annie, for all want to go and sec the great race. In fact, tlio Cup is in everybody's mouth. Wherever you go you are met with ' Well, what do you think now f ' I wish you could tell mo what's going to win.' Sweeps at the Garrick'a Head, sweeps at Goyder'a, sweeps at all tho publics of sporting notoiiety, are nightly drawn, and everybody has got a winner. Hundreds got out of their beds before daylight to go to the training ground to try and fathom the mystery of the Cup. Castles in the air are built on the strength of pulling off Coker's last mixture 750 to 1, if you aro only lucky enough. The leviathan in doubles is rushed for his 100» to 1. The busy bees at the Corner gather honey every day, and when the Cup is over ib will be, ' Who would have thought it?' All the other races sink into uttor insignificance as compared to the great event. The anxiety about the tidal wave or the ilood was a mere drop in a bucket compared to that which exists over the southern hemisphere as to the result of this C.ip. Horses all the way from New Zealand, with enough of monev at their backs to buy half tho pahs in tho Maori country, are sent to wrest the coveted prize from us, and should Manuka put his nose in first, Captain John M'Lean has a special re tainer for the Alhambra to convey the 'shi- ners.' Then there are the plucky Tusmanians, with their ever ' try and try again Strop,' and several others all in the fray, and should Mr. Field's star twinkle on this occasion, won't there be rejoicing iu tho tight little Island ? A bonfire will burn on the top of Mount Wellington, and tho salmon will leap for joy in the Derwent. South Australia puts her trust in a Lapdog. Old Japp's right hand has not yefc forgot its cunning, for the poodle is iu rare condition, and can move like a steanvengiue, but I am afraid the Adelaide people must ' wait a little longer.' All the strength of New South Wales w put forth to keep up her prestige. Thero is the lucky Mr. Tait, with Traverton, who could catch any uutnber of swallows when training at Rand wick, and whose former owner thought him such a good tiling as to place a. responsibility of £10,000 on his back, and to keep his repu tation intact until he sold him. There was Detective, too, but ho found his match in the ' Peeper,' who ' blow tho gall'' when ho detected the imposture. We have also Mr. Lee, with the flying Barbelle, and more ancient Fhcehe, the handsome Partisan, with all the bloodliko prettino9s of his grandsiro, and the leggy Misty Morn. The stitblo, after all, must put their trust in ' t' ouid meat*,' for if all stories be true, friend ' Pegasus' of Sydney Bell, won't have the pleasure of seeing his favourite ridden according to his orders ; ho may, howevor, have got a real 'log' at last to lament over. There is also the faint hearted Sir John amongst us, arrived by the City of Adelaide, last Tuesday. They say he is in tip-top form ; he once did a good thing at Homebush ; perhaps he may do it again ; his owner deserves all he can win. Although last, not loast, we have Mr. Winch and his great don Circassian, in the full blush of his Metropolitan honours, all the way from New castle. Will ho start at oven money against the field ] Its an awfu' responsibility ; for' racing is a very 'precarious' game. II in friends say ho can polish off Gloncoe at weight for age ; if he can, the Cup Is all over but shouting. Wo shall, porhaps, see on Satur day, but I givo Winch more credit than to think of such a thing. I have beon very busy touting lately, and although I use a doublo magnifying binocular, I have failed to discover tho lameness that was all over the town last week. Thero aro sofne clever peo ple in this world who are always finding out mares' nests, There was also a cat on board the boat at Syduey that caught a mouse under ono of his feet. Tho startling intelli gence did not come by telegraph this time. I could not shut my eyes tho other morning to tho really magnificent from Sheet Anchor displayed in travelling twice round ; he goes better every time I soo him. Tho only fear now is that his sanguine ownor may overdo the dose. Ho is a most astonishing littlo tiger j what a pity ho is not a trifle- bigger. There is another horse that has quite taken my fancy, and although ho is from tho debateable land on the other side of the border, wo may look upon him as ' one of ours' — I mean Australian. He puts me in mind of Day and Martin, only more evenly made, and more bloodlike. Tlio Polisher was not a bad sorb before ho got stilty, and I am inclined to look upon his stop- brother with considerable re spect. There are few horses who go so nimble or so ligktly, especially for a big one, as Strop, and if Haynea, or rather his ghost, don't get . ' .* him- into -a place, blame me ! Tho New Zoa landeis now ' do' the walking of a morning, and the galloping in the afternoon, but as'I am generally particularly busy ' doing' the block at the same time, I have not, until Monday last, seen thorn go. On Monday, they wont on the tan. Manuka did nob please me. Ho doe.s not go fust enough ; not but what lie can, but ho does not put his forelegs out far enough. Peeress is a bold, dashing goer, and Misfortune is nob a bad one of her kind. All Mr. Fisher's horses are performing strong work, and are going well. To see Charon and Antelope at it for three or four miles is quite exhiliratiug. Traverton can settle Poi son easy enough in their gallops, but few like his way of going. 'Detective shapes better than he did after his arrival, but he is u long way from being a great colt. Phetbu and Barbolle had a slow canter on the tan, on Monday, to suit tho latter, who would havo been much better at home. Partisan and Misty Morn are both going woll. The Monk has a good style of bounding over tho ground, but his condition is not quite up to the mark. Warrior is yet rather seedy looking ; thoy have not distressed him with any fast work, and he is improving every day ; he and littlo Blondin went a good gallop the beginning of last week. Carter is a real early bird with his two horses, but there is another early bird that chirrups aloft, which catches the worm as well as he. : Glon coo is in great buckle, and never thinks of stopping — I never saw him look better. Couur de-leon has much improved by galloping with him, but tho report of his being able to beat the old ' un, ' which was going tho rotmds a short bime back, must be taken cum, gra/no. None of Lang's string please mo except Norma ; 1 know her to be game and constant, but she is a mere handful. Melan choly Jaques, L. L., the Fair Ellen filly, and Bisniark have been doing good work. On Monday morning it was bad work, for, led by L. L., the three-year old, who was improving fast, and going like a house on fire, broke down and, I am sorry to say, has cooked his goose, for this meeting at all events. T have ab stained from giving a decided tip, as I don't think it comes within my province to do ho ; besides, I notice, if you do make a correct pick you get no thanks for it, but if you give a wrong one, woe betide you. However, I had a dream the other night, the purport of which I don't mini] telling. I dreamt bhat Sharon won bho Derby, Circassian bhe Cup, and Reindeer bhe Stceplechaso. 