INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. ? «p NEW SOUTH WALES. In all parts of New South Wales the horti culturists complain of the vast amount of mischief done by the flying foxes. The enor*. mous numbers in which they exist in some* districts will be understood from the following paragraph, which we clip from our Sydney files : — ' A haunt of these pests has been dis-i covered about two nliles the other side ofi Smithfield, near Parramatta. Thev are de^1 scribed as covering acreB of ground, hanging from the trees. A party of ten, with guna* went on to the ground on Saturday afternoon last, and continued without intermission to- blaze away for some hours, firing in volley at times, at other times singly, without ap parently diminishing the numbers. After the battue thousands were left dead on the ground.' Sydney papers of the 15th inst., received by the Dandenong, report the occurrence of floods in the Manning and Madeay rivers. Tha former had risen ten feet, and some damage had been done to crops growing upon very low lands. In the latter a rise of twelve feet haff taken place. The low landB were under water, and the crops thereon much damaged. Two days more of rain would have caused much damage and logs. As it is, many of the farmers will lose considerably. Sydney papers report that in an experi* ment lately made for testing the value of the cinnabar ore from the Cudgegong mines, 47 lb of quicksilver were obtained from 100 lb of ore. Previous trials have shown even a larger percentage yield. A ghost is reported to have been seen at a place called the Dundongs, on the Upper Bo gan River, by a mailman, who declares he saw a man without a head walk past him one nighfc lately. It is gravely stated by the paper in which the report appears, ' that other people have seen, or fancied they saw, something there.' This is an old story, and has, perhaps, been transferred from the Black Swamp, between Deniliquin and Hay, round which a headless « trooper has been Baid to have been hovering for many years past. Bushmen, like sailora, have their superstitions, and cling to them, pro bably, from having little better to think or tall? about. 