LOCAL AND GENERAL. THE OPENING OF THE YASS MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. Tuesday last, tho foast of St. Andrew, was right festively kept by tho inhabitants of the Yass district, who on that day celebrated the com pletion of thoso labours which have resulted in gracing tnoir town wicn a 110010 omitiing wnoso appearance it is to ho sincerely hoped is not an unfitting symbol of tho usefulness and beauty of the objects which tho institution was established to carry out. Tho day was observed as a gonoral holiday, aud there is no doubt but that tho nspoct of tho town would have boon far gayer than it was had it .not been for tho gloom thrown over all by the quite rocont death of ono who had been much rospocted by all who know her. As it was, however, the flag floating from tho portico of tho new building, and tho merry poals of St. Clomont's ' bolls, wore outward indications of tho pleasure folt by all at tho really great success which had sprung from a small mooting held twolvo yoars ago. Tho largo hall of the institute, a truly noblo chamber capable of oasily accommodating six or seven hundred porsons, had boon most tnstofully docoratod for tho occasion of tho inauguration, and in consoquonco presented a most festivo 'and charming appoaranco. Indoed tho artistic talent shown in the arrangomont of tho floral decoration was considerable, fern and cactus, lily and rose, bomg blondod in festoon and bouquet with ndmirablo relation to each other. Tho trussed roof was gay with flags, and in fact tho whole sceno was most animated. It is to tho labours of Dr. Young- son, Mr. It. M. Vaughn, Mr. T. Barber, Mr. T. Colls, Mr. Hart, and others, who commenced tho decorating of tho hall nt early dawn on Tuesday, that its pleasing appoaranco must be attributed. The ohildron of two of tho schools attended in largo numbers. Thoso of St. Clement's to tho numbor of about hinoty, and of tho Prosbytorian school to about sovonty, marchod to tho hall in procossion, two and two, attended by their tonchors. By two o'clock the hall was well filled. As far as wo can judgo from tho appoaranco wo should say that there wore over three hnndrod porsons presont, all ovidontly looking in tho highost spirits and contemplating tho fact of the completed building with intense satisfaction. A fow minutes after two o'clock tho Prosident (Sir. Allman) tho Vico-President (Dr. Campbell), and the mombors of committoo, viz : — Ven. Archdoacon Lillingston, Rev. J. Gibson, and Stossrs. T. Barber, R. IV. Poarson, J. Carter, J. Cottroll, G. Lawson, J. P. Ritchie, J. Grovonor, T. Colls, C. C. Finch, and J. J. Brown, mountod tho dais which had boon orectod at the end of the hall, and tho proceedings immediately com menced. The Prosident (Sir. Allman), on rising, was greeted with loud and continuous choors. Ho said — Before I address you, on what wo may call the business part of our proceedings, I may well pauso to congratulate the membors of our institute, and indeed -evoryono else who hoars me, on the vory successful and satisfactory result of tho long andunwoaricd labours of the building committee, as shown in the magnificent hall in which we are assembled — a hall which, I be- liovo, is scarcely surpassod, if indeed it is equalled, by any othor ont of Sydney. When some years since a few of our townsmen, and others whoso removal by death from amongst us throws the only shade of sadness over our procoodings to-day, originated tho idea of a Mechanics' Instituto in Yass, ho would havo boen indeed a bold and hopeful man who could liavo anticipated such a result of that movement as we soo to-day, a result which should touch our loss hopeful townsmen that almost anything can bo accomplished in a good causo by energy and porsovorance, such as has boon shown by tho gentlemen who, through good report and evil report, have stoadily worked on through many difficulties to soo their labours thus crowned with tho snccoss such labours so well desorvod. (Loud applauso.) And although in virtue of my office as Prosident I am a member of tho . committee, and may thus bo supposod to bo singing my own praises in theso laudatory remarks, it; is really not so, for I can tuko no credit to myself in tho mattor beyond tho fact of having occasionally advised tho building commit- too in some of tho many legal difficulties they had to contond with, consequent upon their former contractor's inability to perform tho work which has been so ably and speedily complctod by tho presont contractor, Mr. Hardy — loud applnnso) — to whom I may bo pormitted thus publicly to tendor our best thanks. (Cheors.) And now let me say a fow words to you on tho objects sought to bo nttainod by our Instituto, viz., " tho diffusion of literary nnd scientific knowlodgo, by moans of a library of works of scionco and gonoral litoraturo, a reading-room for books and periodicals, and by promoting in every way possible tho intellectual improve ment of tho mombors of tho institute," with tho , proviso that no religious or controversial ques tions shall bo discussed in tho institnto, which is thus, wisoly I think, mndo a sort of noutral ground upon which all parties can moot without quarrolliug. (Cliocrs.) And this feature ol our rulos cannot, I think, bo too highly vnlued, or too much impressod iipon our members, foi when wo rofloct upon tho pornicions effects generally produced by tho discussion of sncl' matters, we may well congratulate ourselves that such discussions have boon forbiddon withir theso walls. Our library contains books oi Iovcry usoful kind, and I would strongly impress upon the younger mombors of the institute thai now is the time for thorn to avail thomsolvos o: tho benofits of reading nnd thinking, for ono is of little uso without the other. And ovory day which pas-os without an eudoavonr of somo sort to inform tho mind, if it bo only by half nn hour's reading, is an opportunity lost, which, in the hurry audexcitoment of their nfter life, may never return. I havo said that reading without think ing of what yon rend is not likely to produce much benefit to the reader ; and "hero I would point out one of the great advantages of our readiug-room, ns affording the perfect quiet which may not be attainable at home, particularly whore thero are many children nnd few rooms for them. Not that I would be understood to undervalue tho 1 blessings of homo nnd children, but that I boliove increased knowlodgo would make a mnn nppreciato his borne all tho more, and enable him to communicate his own acquirements to the mombors of his family. Tho physical comfort, too, all'ordod by our lofty, cool rooms (no small mattor in such summers as wo generally have), will render tho mind more impressible and more capablo of acquiring knowledgo than it could possibly bo in tho small, inconvenient rooms of most of tho cottages of Yass, I havo another word to say to my young friends, and that is, wlintevor you road, select, some ono particular subject of study, and endeavour to bring all your reading to boar On that particular . subject, wlintevor it may bo, for tho desultory rending of many books, although perhaps moro amusing and less irksomo than tho study of one subject, is something liko n boy endeavouring to loarn half-a-dozen trades nt tho samo tiino, and in tho end finding himsolf tho master of none. (Ap- Elanso.) I havo said thnt our library contains ooks of ovory usoful kind, tho study of which will necessarily iraprovo and enlurgo tho mind, but we havo anothor mode of imparting know lodgo which should not bo lost sight of ou such nn occasion as this ; I mean tho'lecturcs," which we may now reasonably expect to bo givon in connection with tho instituto, on scientific and othor subjects, and thoso lectures havo n twofold boncficial tendency — 1st, as directly instructing tho mind ; and secondly, as bringing ns moro frequently together, and thus, I hope, increasing our interest in each other. (Applauso.) Tho sad old saying "that one half of the world doos r.ot know how tho other half lives," is, I fear, as true in Yass ns in most othor places, and any thing which has a tendency to lessen this selfish ignoranco of each othor must produce good ofTocts. (Cheers.) As to the benofits to bo derived from studying tho great thoughts of thoso illustrious mon and women who liavo left us tho legacy of their minds, it is unnecessary to say more than that the study of the thoughts of minds greater than our own must not only incronso our own store of knowledge, but at tho samo timo onablo us to communicate — in how ever small a dogrco— that knowlodgo to others. And I beliovo that cvon tho most learned may sometimes loarn somothing from their less giftod brothers in that interchange of thought which it is tho object of onr instituto to foster amongst tho membors. (Applauso.) Each man's mind is so differently constituted that oieryono may loarn somothing from his neighbour, and at tho same timo loarn tho groat lesson that tho moro wo sympathise with, nnd endeavour to assist, each othor in tho battlo of lifo, tho moro likely wo aro — for tho timo at least — to forget our own sorrows and troubles, and thus realise moro fully Popo's beautiful prayer — " Teach mo to fool another's woo, To hide the faults I see ; That mercy I to othors show, That mere)' show to me." (Cheors.) And now I havo something to say on a mattor of much importance to the insti- f.lltn nil/1 vnf. if. ia n Cliliinnf T nllmln f-n with considerable regret — I moan tho smallnoss of tho numbers of our mombors. Tho bonofitto bo derived- from such membership, as I havo endeavoured to show, aro considoruble, and tho fees of admission, particularly for apprentices nnd boys under sixtoen yoars of ago, aro, 1 think, vory reasonable, viz., 10s. yonrly, and 3s. half yearly, whilst tho charges for adult mem bors aro £1 yearly, and 10s. half yearly, and 5s. quarterly — charges which, even in thoso hard times, cannot bo considered us too high, or likoly toprovontnny industrious-thinking man from bo- comingamoinbcr. I think, liowovor, that the causo of our having so fow subscribers lias boon, per haps, tho fact of tho instituto not having boon very prominently brought under tho notico of tho public for somo time past, and tho old library promises in Rossi-stroot wore certainly not such as to give a vory extensive or favourable idoa of tho instituto ; but now that we havo such an advortisomont of our success ns tho present building will bo, not only to tho inhabitants of Yass, but to ovory travollor who ontors | tho town — (Applanso) — I think wo may reasonably oxpoct that tho numbor of our mombors will soon bo much groator thnn it has boon, and that tho b..nofits to bo derived from such mombor ship will oach year bo moro felt and appreciated. And beliovo mo that any of us who can sometimes steal a quiet hour from tho oftoii hard routino of our daily life to onter, as wo hero may, into tho dream-land ofourpoots, thostirring fictions of our novelists, or pauso to wondor at and admire tho mighty offocts produced by stenm and machinery, as brought forth aud diroctod by such men as Watt and Stophenson, who, to their honour bo it snid, were working mechanics in ovory senso of tho term — or to' pondor over thoso historic pictnros of Macaulay, which bring tho past so vividly and yet so impartially boforo ns — or start with surprise at tho wondrous likonossos of oursolvos and our friondsas depicted by tho great moralist, Thackeray, in " Vanity Fair " — or laugh, and alas 1 sometimes weop, with our greatest, nnd I might add, saddest humourist, poor Hood — will roturn to our dutios certainly not "sadder" if not " wisor mon." (Loud applause.) And now, in conclusion, permit mo to say a fow words relative to mysoif and my offico of Presidont of this institution boforo I close my address, if indoed I may dignify with such a title tho few words I havo spoken to-day. I havo long felt that tho uncertain state of my health, and my consequent inability to take that active part in tho management of tho affairs of the institute which tho oflioo of Prosi dent ontnils on its holder, is a sufficient roason to induco mo — in tho intorost of tho in stituto — not to nllow mysoif to bo again nominat ed for tho offico of Prosident, but in thus rclin- guishing a position which, by tho great kindnoss and considoratoness of my friends, I have hold for so many yoars, I would not havo yon supposo that I am either insonsible of tho honour you havo conferred upon me, or ungrateful for tho kindly feeling which has induced you to overlook my many acts of omission in connection with my duties ns yonr Prosident. I havo now tho honour to declare tho " Yass Mechanics' Instituto " to bo duly opened, and to invito you to join mo in 1 giving three honrty cheers for hor Majesty the Quoon on this auspicious occasion. (Groat npplauso.) Tho whole of tho large audience then roso to their foot and gavo throe hoarty cheors. Cheors wcro also givon for tho Presidont, Yico-Prosi- dont, Committeo, nnd Mr. Hardy, tho contractor. Tho Prosident thon callod on tho honorary secretary (Mr. Lawson) to road lottors received from persons who had boon invited to attend the opening ceromonial. Mr. Lawson road tho following lottors : — " 179, Macquario-stroot North, i Novombor C, 18G9." "Sir, — I am oxtromoly sorry it will not bo in i my power to bo at Yass in timo to witnoss tho 1 oponing of tho Mochanics' Institnto. Having laid ; the stone of the samo, I wish it had boon possi- r bio for mo to accept tho kind invitation of tho , committoo. I hope ovory snccoss mny uttond tho institution. Will you bog tho treasurer to re- i coivo the onclosod cheque for £20, to assist in i defraying any expense connoctod with the opon- i ing of the building, &c.;, &c.-; — I urn, sir, yours i obediently, " E. S. O'Brien." f " Werrington, Penrith, Novombor 13th, 18C9. ! "Sir, — Somo days ago I received a lottor from fc you, communicating to mo tho unanimous in- f vitation of tho committoo of tho Yass Mechanics' Instituto to attond tho oponing of their now building on tho 30tli inst. I desire to c.vpross ray warm thanks for this invitation, which it is a matter of sincere regret to mo that I cannot accept. My many engagements would not permit of my absence from Sydney sufficiently long to enable mo to visit Yass at the timo lixecl for your ceremony. 1 have a lively recollection of inspecting the library of your institution when in Yass moro than throo j'ears ngo, and of being much gratified by the valuable character of tho books then got together. I trust that tho insti tution in its now building will enter upon a now courso of prosperity and usefulness, and that its real objects as a popular educational agency will j bo kept steadily in view for the lasting benofits of tho residents. — Yours, faithfully, " Henry Pahkes." "Sydney, 11th November, 1809. Sir, — Please to suy to tho committeo of tho Yass Mechanics' Institute that I am very thankful for their invitation for tho 30th instant, but that I four it will bo impossible for mo to bo present. — I am, yours, &c.;, "John Robertson'. "To George Lawson." "Talngandra, near Gundaroo, November, G, 18G9. "DoarSir, — I havo this morning received )'Our communication. Bo kind enough to assure the committoo of tho Yass Mechanics' Instituto that I am very doeply sensible of tho honour con ferred upon me by their polite invitntion. I am really very sorry it will not be in my power to accept it. My duties here will requiro all my attention to tho ond of tho year, and I cannot consistently neglect them. I am glad to think that you can got on very woll without tun, aud I sincerely hopo you will havo a very ploasnnt ovoning, and that only tho beginning" of a long courso of prosperity for your institute. Whon your lecture season begins you may dopond on my devoting ono ovoning to you, and bo assured that my inclination would bring me among you now, hut us duty keeps mo at homo, I must fore go what would bo a vory groat pleasure. I am fully sensible of tho compliment that has boen paid mo, aud hopo some day to bo nblo by word of mouth to toll you so. With renewed "thanks and best wishes, I remain, dear sir, yours faith fully, " A. J. Si.atteuik. "Mr. G. Lawson, acting secrotary, Mechanics' Institute, Yass." Mr. Lawson thon stated that Mr. Hamilton Ilumo had boon invited, but ill health prevented his nttendaneo ; and that Mr. Laidlaw would have boon invited had it not becomo known to tho committee that it would be impossible for him to roturn to Yass in timo. (Cheers.) Tho Prosident then requested tho lion, secre tary to road a statomont on behalf on tho com mitteo. Mr. G. Lawson road tho following : — Mr. Prosident, Ladies, and Gentlemen. — It is my province, .by appointment of tho committee, to lay boforo you a statement of tho actual position of tho institution, for which n local habitation worthy of its important objects has now boen formally openod, and I cannot forbear oxprossing my personal rogrot that this duty, now so feebly attempted by me, did not fall to tho lot of the late able and diligent secretary, Mr. Pcmbrooko. (Applauso.) Fortunately for, mo this building has boen tho object of so much public interest, that it is unnecessary to enter minutely into its history. It will sullico thnt I remind you that over sinco tho inception of that instituto, about twolvo years ago, tho ofi'orts of its successive committees havo boon uncoasingly directed to wards tho erection of a suitable building, and at length, after many delays and disappointments, mcnnnvnliln itnvJmY-ta (Vmn ovni'i' nvronsMm taking, especially whore the funds havo to bo largely supplemented from public and official sources, tho foundation stono of this building was laid in tho month of October last year by Mrs. O'Brien, a lady who has been a munificent intron, and is still an ardent woll-wishor to this imitation, and whoso absence on this auspicious day tho committeo deeply regret. (Loud and continued applauso.) Mr. Leader, tho original contractor having, as you aro aware, abandoned his contract, tho committoo arranged with Mr. Hardy to complote it. Tho result is before you ; and now that tho house is built, it must be furnished, and that in a stylo befitting tho houso and tho purposes to which it is devoted. (Ap plauso aud laughter.) Tho Temple of tho Muses, tho literary ccntro of this important district, must bo furnished with tho nppliancos, not of luxury, but of decency and comfort. Wo liavo, it is true, a library, but that is not onough. Wo want within thoso walls a collodion of natural objects to tench us physical science, a collection of works of art to teach us relinoment of tasto, and an organ to minister to thnt most entrancing of artistic delights, eolestial harmony. (Cheers and laughter.) But thero aro wants ovon moro grossing than theso, which must be supplied boforo this building can bo considered fit torecoivo tho votaries of literature and scionco ' wo yot hope to see thronging its hulls. . To supply thoso wants monoy is wanted. (Laughter.) Yes, monoy — (ronowodlaughtor) — without which commorco languishos, nnd soienco nnd litoraturo starve. (Applause.) Whilo gratefully acknow ledging tho liberality of tho public, and tho almost princely munificonco of individuals, tho committoo cannot coinpleto thoir work without a sum reaching to nearly £700. Wo havo now a building, such as any city in tho colony mny bo proud of, a building which for gonorations to como may, liko the Forum of Republican Rorao, bo tho gathering point whoro tho social, muni cipal, political, educational, and ovon the religious interests of tho district may bo disenssod and decidod, whoro amusement may disport, nnd philosophy pondor, and wliero, " secluded from tho maddening crowd's ignoble strifo," tho toil- worn mochanio mny renew and revivify his intclloctuul powors, unnllured by tho cnticemonts of frivolity and vieo. (Cheers.) Thcreforo, tho committee confidently trust that the fountain of liberality is not yet exhausted, and that they, or thoir successors in offico, will bo ennldod to add to tho building ovorything useful and ornamental that may bo -required. Tho committoo do not desiro to exaggerate tho difficulties tlioy havo oncouutored in bringing this building ovon to its present state. It is woll known that thoso difficulties havo boon groat, but thanks to a sympathising and gonorous public, thoy have not boon insuporablo, and tho committeo may bo pardoned if, when at tho closo of tho year (now near nt hand), they vacato their offico, it is with a fooling of prido that thoy hand over to thoir successors this goodly building, to be conserved in nil futuro timo for tho intolloctual improvo- inont of suecessivo gonorations. (Loud cheors.) As soon as circumstances permit, tho committoo propose to throw opon this largo hall for public purposes nt a moderate scnlo of charges, nnd thoy hopo that a much lurgor number of subscribers than heretofore will avail themselves of tho advantages of tho institute, and that tho your 1870 will bo tho first of a long courso of prosperity and usefulness. (Applauso.) I havo only now to express my rogrot that tho formalities of offico havo imposed on mo tho duty of addressing you. On this subject-, my friend tho Treasurer, who is a man of letters as well as a man of figures — (Laughter) — would havo much more clearly, accurately, and graphically explained our position and prospocts. (Applause.) Tho Vice-President (Dr. Cumpboll) was received with groat applauso. He snid ho considered it would bo superfluous to oiler any romarks as to tho olvjoct of tho mooting nl'tor tho talented and oxhaustivo addross which had just boon so admirably delivered by their respected President. But at tho samo timo ho folt that it would bo propor for him to offer his hoartiest con gratulations on the successful way in which tho labours of so many years, and tho expenditure of so much timo, thought, and trouble had boon brouglitto aconolusion ; infact, he folt that, taking into consideration his long connection with tho institute, ho would bo wanting in his duty if ho wore to neglect offering a fow obsoivations. (Applause.) First, he would congratulate tho inhabitants of Yass on tho completion of a building which was an ornament to their town, nnd thon he would thank tho generosity of thoso who by sympathy, ndvico, or nioro tangiblo assistance, hail helped to bring about that con clusion. (Choors.) At tho saigp timo ho wished to fully impress on tho public mind tho necessity of recollecting that, although very much had been done, yet thero was still moro to do, that tho building, noblo au one ns it is, was but a moans to an ond, that it was but an instrument to produce important moral and social results, tho advancement of social and mental worth, and that it would provo but a poor gain if its grout objoct was missed through being lost sight of. (Choors.) Thoso observations were thrown out with tho view of impressing thoso present that their present success ought to bo a roason why they should not despair of bringing about tho ultimate and moro dcsirublo end. Tho Govornmont of tho colony had some timo ago succeeded in carrying a most important measure through Parliament, a measuro fraught with tho highest interest, and ono which would provo of the greatest benefit, as ho believed, to the country. Ho referred to tho Public Schools Act. (Great cheering.) That Act, as far ns opportunity had boon given of studying it, was an ndmirablo Act ; but ndmirablo us it was, it only went', could only go, in fact, to a certain oxtent. It only took pupils to a certain limit, nnd was thon obliged to leavo thorn adrift- on tho wators of knowlodgo. .Something, all must admit, was needed to tako up tho student whoro the Education Act loft him, and ho contended that that somothing was tho Mechanics' Institute — (Choors) — that what was loft undono by tho Stato could bo donoby moans of such an instituto ns thoy now possessed. (Hoar, hoar, from tho Prosidont, and loud applauso.) It was a grand thing to think that impediments were no -longer thrown iiCho way of those who were running lifo's career hopefully towards success, that for poor us woll as for rich tho glorious hold was opon. (Applauso.) As a great mind had truly said, " we must educate our masters," and whon thoy had educated tho masses by currying out that idoa, and taught thorn to value mental knowlodgo, what might not be expected from tho people ? Ho folt that tho timo was getting short, that he had nothing more to obsorvo which would bo deemed worth listening to, j'ot ono thing ho would say to thoso who had t he good fortune to bo younger than himself, and that was, to beware of tho least neglect of 11113' opportunity all'ordod to them of increasing their knowlodgo. Ho spoke Lorn bittor exporionco. There was nothing in his wholo curcor, now a lengthened one, which gavo him so much pain ns tho sense that I10 had neglected so many, many opportunities of educating his mind. Ho conjured his young friends to so act as that thoy might oseapo tho futuro sorrow of being haunted by tho ghost of noglcotod opportunities, and entreated thorn to lot all thoir aspirations bo onward and upward, taking for thoir lifo's motto, Excelsior. (Groat applauso.) Archdeacon Lillingston (who was greeted with loud choors) said ho was vory glad to bo callod 011 to speak 011 that occasion, for though he had not mndo 0113' special preparation for addressing tho meeting, ho thought that lie could not oiler 0,113 remarks moro acceptable than his most hoart3' congratulations to tho members of tho instituto and the peoplo of Yass in gonoral on that great occasion. He considered that ho might woll call it a great occasion, groat ns far as tho (inst was concerned, groat in tho present, and great for tho future, llo would repeat, great as touching tho past, for tho building they wcro in was tho rosidt of great toil und great thought, nnd it was a groat fact for a small and groat obstacles. (Applauso.) And great also in tho present, seeing L-liitt they wcro a groat assembly iu a groat hall, and ho trustod that tho day of the opening would, to tho children then listening to him, remain in their memory as 0110 of tho groat and whito days of their uxistenco. (Cheers.) And groat for llio future. Tho building standing (as it might bo hoped) for many centuries, would perpetually present the sceno where gonorations of 3-011 ng 111011 had been trained mcutull) for the duties of existence, a sceno of tho mootiiigs, 011 common ground, of all sects and all creeds. (Applause.) Looking down the vista of tho futuro and contemplating the timo whon the bones of tho present generation would bo in their graves, it was pleasant to think of tho walls of the building in which thoy wore thon assembled as still standing, 1111 enduring proof to their children of the work they had wrought for thorn. (Cheers.) Ho repeated thero was great causo for congratula tion, und although soil-adulation was not always wise, 3'ot lie considered that, in exceptional instances, communities had tho undoubted right to houostiy congratulato themselves 011 such an occasion as tho present. It was a glorious occa sion. As 0110 oi' the most illustrious and talented mon of tho da3' had said, ho alluded to tho Chief Justice, thero was no building out of Svdtic)' to compare with tho Yass instituto ; and so he did consider it glorious that thoy could congratulato thomsolvos on having such a noblo building in poor little Yass. (Loud applauso.) Tho build ing ns it stood showed what thoy could do, proved that though thoy wore provincials, yot that thoy wore not all asleep, and was evidoneo that when tli03' wanted a thing, whon thoy had a settled purpose to do a thing, tho3' would accom plish it. (Cheers.) It .showed that lioithc.i languid indifference, nor coldness, nor private intorost, could hinder the mon of Ynss from going straight to their nims — (Applauso) — thoy wore determined fellows, and what thoy moko up thoir minds to do, thoy do, lot who will or what 11103' stand in thoir way. (Cheors.) Tho instituto might bo said to havohad several birthdays, but to-day it had arrived to tho pitch of manhood, that stage in lifo which 111 England was celebrated by salutos and oxen roastod whole. It had como to tho full time of maturity. It bad ceased to bo in tho swaddling clothes of trouble and difficulties and im- pocuniosity. There was 110 need to go hero nnd there for advice, or to bo continually told by this ono or tho other to do this or that. Tho instituto had omorgod from hobblcdehoyism, and had entored into tho possession of its patrimony. And ho would throw out the hint, that as coming of ago had somewhat moro to do than outing roast boof or lotting off rockots, had, in fact, duties to do, duties requiring more thougbtful- noss, moro activity', more earnestness, more intelligence and fuller notions of tho responsi bilities of the ngo, so was tho instituto entering on a career from which larger measures for tho advancement -of intolloctual improvement might bo fairly oxpected to ensue. IIo hoped that tho measure of tho fulfilment of thoso dutios would correspond to tho magnitude of their past labours. IIo could not oxpoct to- mnko any serviceable addition to tho valuablo remarks on solf-cducation which had boon mado by tho Presidont and the Vico-President, but ho bugged fully to endorso tliom. Soll'-oducatioii is tho only .education. It is possible to drill, to flog, to coax a boy, but it wus all to no good if ho would not learn. But as soon as tho child renlisos that mastors aro but fellow-workers with hiin in his own education, snccoss is cortuin. Education was lifo long and did not end with inastoring one's ABC, or with tho acquisition of half a dozen sciences, languages, or'ologics. IIo hoped that tho walls which tlion onclosod them would witnoss tho members of tho instituto endeavour ing earnestly to reap tho full bouofit from tho opportunities afforded to them of carrying on solf- oducation. Again, ho considered that besides soil-help they" should calculato the moans which thoy possessed ofholpingono anothor. Although thoy did not number omong them many doctors of philosophy, yot thoy might, ho thought-, afford ono auothor much assistance. IIo would throw down a chidlongo with ro- foronco to tho establishment in 1870 of somothing practical in connection with tho working of tho institnto. Ho thought that tho monthly delivery of a lecture could- bo secured, that twelve mon could bo found willing to devote time and trouble to the preparation of a lecture. They had a fino hall, nnd ho trusted that it would not be permitted to remain dumb, oxcepting at such times as a chance stranger camo to mako tliom laugh. Something moro than tho bricks and mortar wns the true valuo of tho building. If eleven others would como forward I10 would willingly and gladly volunteer to act ns lecturer in rotation wit h tliein at such times as a committoo should appoint. (Applause.) Ho felt certain his glovo would bo taken up, and it wns highly probable that their worthy President would not bo behind-hand in helping to carry out tho idoa, nor tho Vice-President, who was so eminently qualified to lecture on any subject whatever. And Lhorc wcro a body of gentlemen behind 1110 (tho committee), everyone of whom is woll. ablo- to instruct them and interest them in some subject or another. As country parsons wcro charged with being bumpkins, were accused of gutting mouldy, of growing rusty liko thoir turnips, lio felt that perhaps it would bo host for thom by a littlo intolloctual exei'ciso to brush off tho mental moss which grow so readily in the country. With reference to tho ndmirablo rcninrks'of tho Vice- President, and tho advice givon by him 11s from nn old man I10 would say that ho for 0110 was not going to reckon himself nn old man, that he did not bo- liovo in thnt line nt all. Ho would go in as a young man. Ho was going in as a lecturer not so much to teach ns to learn. Old men wore apt to say " do as wo sa3', but don't do as wo did." But ho, as ono of thoy oung follows, meant to show tho old 0110s that thoy meant to be true bo3's, earnest to work und do, that ho nnd tho young mon of Yass meant to prove that they wcro gnmo to read, gamo to locturo, gamo to do .any thing in fact that toiulod to tho real moral and social advancement of thomsolvos and all mon. (Loud cheors.) r Tho Roy. Mr. Gibson said I10 would most willingly accept the Archdeacon's challenge. He congratulated tho pooplo of tho district that their instituto had got such a noblo building, and hoped that tho advance from tho contracted reading room to the lofty hall might bo typical of their moral and social progress. lie bolioved in lots of oxygon, and thought that tho ditnonsion of tho hall amply socurod to mombors of tho | instituto tho inhaling of a healthy ntmospho re. Ho considered that tho bnildors had acted liko men and had shown an adventurous spirit worthy of imitation. Ho rejoiced to soo the old mon who wore present, vos, nqd his venerable friend too — Laughter — and ho wns glnd to seo the juveniles also. It might bo that in somo of the children that day present thero wns somo embryo, llomor, Milton, or Shakspero, somo littlo Stophenson or Watt. Thoy should bo proud cf thoir ascent, from tho littlo wretched room in. Rossi-street towards bettor things, and should- rejoice in contemplating the future. To tho- wishes expressed 113' tho Vico-Prosidont for an upward, onward course, ho would suggest tho addition of " heavenward." Tho a'111 of all true science, all progress, is heavenwards, and woo to that country and pooplo who in their scionco ignore the God of science, who worship -knowlodgo as infidels, writing up 011 the tomplos of thoir philo -ophy, liko thoso of Franco during tho revolution, that " thero is 110 God." (Applauso.) Thoy should consider what Me chanics' institutes had done for thoir fatherland, how tho intellectual progress fostered thereby had helped to riso so 1110113' from low and grovelling paths — from proscnco at such scones as the pnethudso Ibrcibl)' described iu the follow ing words : — " In yonder rooms tho law lins licensed, sit Lost in thick Indian fume, Tho bore, the lackey, and the groom, Smith, cobbler, joiner, I10 that -olios tlio shoars. And ho that kneeds tho dough; all loud uliko, All learned, and all drunk; Tho fiddle screams, and woops and wails its wasted harmony ; Dire is the frequent curse, and its twin sound, The cheek distending oath." (Choors.) Ho did trust that all that kind of thing was over now, that the motto of working men was moro generally " Excelsior," and that iiow-n-da\"s it was believed that woo was to them who live nuto themselves. Ho was truly re joiced to seo so many ladios present. Ho folt certain that the President would go homo quite refreshed bj' the perusal iu their looks of so much of tho poetry of nature. Ho felt vory proud at what hc.saw. In conclusion I10 would only say that I10 did most sincerely hope that tho full and blessed valuo of education would be brought to act upon that glorious supply of material which he saw nroiuid him in tho bright happy faces of tho children, in whom ho saw material for all to work- upon, for the doctor, tho lawyer, and tho schoolmaster, matorial to bo worked up as ho trustod to usofulnoss- and honour. (Applanso.) Mr. Gcorgo Donald, as a mombcr of tho first instituto over oponod in Scotland, at the inaugu ration of which, in 1822, ho when an apprentice had been present, bogged to congratulate tho district on their possession of such a noble structure as tho hall, lie hopod that tho ap prentices would not neglect tho opportunities nll'orded them by tho rules of tho instituto. lie concluded by expressing a wish that tho Yass Mechanics' Institute might prosper. The President then invited all tho children of Yass to a feast in tho hall 011 Saturday noxt, and said that he hoped all tho young idoas, without aii3' oxcoption, would respond 'to the invitation, as tho committee wcro most anxious that the oponing day of tho instituto should bo long re membered by t-hcni. Tho National Ant-hom having boen sung and cheors given for tho ladios, tho Presidont-, <fcc., a most delightful and plcusant gathering was brought to a closo. X THE CONCERT. ' J Ok tho evening of tho same day, noarly all Yass, besides a largo number of residents in the dis trict, crowded to tho hall which before eight o'clock was exceedingly woll filled ; at a later hour, indoed, there woro between four aud fivo hundred porsons present. Many gentlemen who had contomplutod occupying front seats wore compelled to retire, not before "a thin rod lino," but boforo a most charmingly .strong part3'-eolonred line of ladies, who patronisod tho entertainment by an unusually lnrgo mustor. Much rogrot was expressed at tho absonce of two names from tho fresh programino which tho concert committoo laid boon compelled to adopt, regret that a great quantity of practising and labour had boon thrown awa3', mingled with sorrow for the causo necessitating tho altera tion. A littlo after eight, Mr. Allman took tho chair, aud having expressed his regret at tho absenco of two of tho originally in tended performors, said that lio had 110 doubt, notwithstanding, but that tho many friends I10 saw boforo him would go homo very woll satisfied. (Applause.) Tho concert thon com menced. The programme actually ndoptod was as follows: — (I.) Overture — Tancredi, Mrs. Fitzgerald. Tins oxoeution was excossivoly firm and brilliant. It is to bo hopod that (1)3' obtain ing a full grand piano) tho Yass peoplo will havo opportunities of often applauding Mrs.Fit'zgorald, under circumstances moro fuvourablo to tho displn3' of her talonts. (2.) Song — Vasliti, Miss C. K. Hall. Miss Hall's singing callod forth loud plaudits. (3.) Song — The Bashful Man, Mr. F. R. Ilumo, jun. An encore boing de manded, Mr. Humo favoured tho audionco with tho Bushman's Song, which was woll received. (-1 .) Recitation from Shakspero' s play of Ilonry IV., Mr. Dense. Mr. Doaso, having introduced tho recitation with a low vory clover and ox- ccedivigl3' well- dolivorcd remarks, gavo a forcible dclinoation of Princo Hal's grief and tho molting of tho old king's wrath into yearning parental tondorness, and was loudly and most dosorvodly chocrod. (5 .) Song — The British Lion, Mr. Loathart. This song was well sung, and a- tho cloar full voice filled tho room it also fillod tho honrls of thoso present with n firm 1 belief of tho dnngor attending tho taking of undue liberties with the tnil of tho British Lioni Mr. Loathart, who was loudly onoorod, then sang (6) " Up a treo," which also provoked immonso applause, shown, wo are sorry to stato,. in too many instances by whistling, most agonising and shrill. (7.) Song — Sho wore, a wroath of roses, Mr. Mackintosh. Sung with much swoetuess nnd expression. (8.) Song — Babylon is fallen (nogro melody), Messrs. Rowon and Taylor. Tho oxtromo comicality of this song, onhancod by somo quaint hat and riflo action, was loudly applauded. On being vehemently encored, thoy repuatod tho last verso, with tho hat and riflo action oven moro ludicrous tlinti at first. (9.) Song.— Norma's Prayer, Airs. B. Mobos. Tho appearunca of this lady was tho signal _ for great chooring, nnd her beautiful execution (sho accompanied hersolf) and ronlly Bwoot, but strong and oducatod voico, gained for hor loud and long continued apphuiso. Boing encored sho sang (10), "Happy returns of tho day," in an equally charming man nor.' (11.) Duet — Tho Roving Minstrels. Messrs. Doaso and Rudd. Tho singing was vory good, as also was tho clover action of Mr. Dense, who always contrivod to heighten tho valuo of his fine voico by gosturo rogulatod by porfect good tasto. This concluded tho first portion of tho programme. Tho chairman, in stating that thero would bo an intorvalofsomofewminutos, roforrod to tho whist ling and oxprossed a hope that performers whoso names wero not on tho programme would in tho second part dosist from tho musical utteranco of thoir npplauso. . Part 2. (1.) Instrumental pioco — Lo Pnpillon. Airs. Fitzgornld and Air. Rudd. The execution was highly appreciated. (2.) Duet — Tho Echoes. Mossrs. Doaso and Rudd. (3.) Song — A placo in thy momory, doarost, Miss L. Hall. Tho song provoked cousidorablo ap- plauso. Miss Hall boing encorod gavo tho song — Kiss me mothor ore I die, in a vory charming way. (5.) Song— I've sought in othor smiles (original), Mr. Mackintosh. (6.) Song — Death of Nelson, Air Rudd. This fine song was given by Mr. Rudd with groat force and expression. (7.) Song — Mary, Quoen of my soul. Mrs. B. Moses, This song was charmingly givon and it olicitod loud cries of encore, to which Airs. Moses responded by giving in an equally delightful way tho (8th) song — I wait to hoar thy sweot good night. (9.) Piece — Tutto 6 sciolto, La Somnnmbala. Airs. Fitzgerald. Being loudly encored Mrs. Fitz gerald kindly favoured the audience with (10), Annio Laurio with variations. (11.) Song — New foundland Dog. Air. Loathart. This was so well sung that nothing would do but that Mr. Leathart should sing tho song, Tight little Island, which ho did gloriously and 'to every one's delight. (12.) Song — Alolly Garew. Air. Dease. This elicited immense applause. Re sponding to tho unanimous domand for an encoro, Mr. Dease gave tho song (13). Tho birth of St. Patrick, which was highly admired. (14.) Negro melody — Nervous cures. Messrs. Rowen and Taylor. This was vory cleverly actod mid Bung. The umbrella exercises, was given with great efl'oct. _ A general impression wo boliovo prevailed with tho youthful nudionco that Air. Taylor's limbs aro not sookotod like tboso of ordinary mortals, but simply tiod togothor with twino. B.oing oncored, Messrs. Rowen and Tay lor gavo a duet with bones and violin. Tho National Anthem and cheers for tho chairman and for many othors brought a very successful and merry mooting to a close. 