SECRET POISONING. (timer. DEfiKMnRn Ift.'l It is somewhat singular that the day after the publication of tho lotter in which our Paris correspondent described tho great poison ing case just tried at Marseilles, we had to publish tho account of another poisoning case, which happened in Lincolnshire, under circum stances oi a partmlly Bimilur character. Tho criminal in the latter instance was tho wife of a laboring man, aud seems to have lived on any but happy terms with her husband. Ho snspected and, indeed, openly accused her of iutidently — a charge which eho seems to have scarcely thought it worth her while to repel ; and it ie worthy of roranrk that if her avowed avoraion for her husbaud was at all connected with guilty preference for anothor man, the horrible crime to which it eventually lod may bo, perhapw, traced to that Bhocking disregard of tho commonest forms of decency which is still unfortunately prevalent among tho poorer classes of thiR conntry. The criminal, her husband, three children, and two men, lodgers, all occupied the same bedroom, and ono of these lodgers was nt first includod in the indictment of murder, though tho Grand Jury threw out the bill. However, thero was ample evidence to show that the criminal enter tained a vehement aversion far her hus band, whatever mny have beon its cause ; they had frequent quarrels, and she bad been heard to express n wish that ' ho might be brought homo dead.' One ovening, shortly after toa, which was prepared by the wife, but which ho appears to have taken by himself , the husband suddenly becamo bo seriously ill that he at once sent for a doctor. The case did not at first excite tho doctor's suspicions, but subsequently lie took the very proper precaution of carrying away with him mBterinls for scioutifio anulysis, and 'thie followed by a post mortem examination of the patient, who died iu about twelve honrs aftoi the first attack, led to the trial and conviction of the wife. She tried to escape by crimi nating one of her lodgers, and so far sue coedod that ho was at first indicted, but was subsequently released, Ihe grand jury consider ing her statements so inconsistent, and evon self-contradictory, an to tie altogether un worthy of belief. Wo havo hero recalled the »aliont points of tho wvidence, partly bocause, by a singular freak of .perversity, tho jury recommended tho prisoner to mercy. The evidence, however, waa completely con vincing. Tho judge told the jury that it ' had left no doubt on his mind aa to the prisoner's guilt,' aud refused to conaidor their recom mendation. This {con^uot on the part of the jadgo Bagge?ta almost inevitably a contrast between French and English procedure ns ex hibited respectively in theso recent poisoning cages. It is difficult to believe how, while oven tho ghost of tho theory that blood should bo taken for blood exists in France, such a monster of depravity as Joye tho Marseilles poisoner, should be allowed to escape death. The evidence oi his guilt was overwhelming, aud the guilt was such as it would not be easy to pa rallel iu all the annals of orime. Not only waB he himself a murderer by profession, and for tho lowest, most debased motives, but he ha bitually tempted others to commit murdor, many of them persons who, but for his sugges tion, might have remained innocent— silly, bu perstitious women, upon whose credulity he worked by means of his reputation as a sor cerer, persuading them that in obeying him they would only fulfil the decrees of destiny, and throwing bo supernatural an air over his machinations that in one or two instanced his dupes seem soarcely to have known whether they wero employing a charm or a poison. It socma in fact to have boon part of his system to mix np a practical plan of poison ing with some myotifying theory of sorcery, telling a client, for (inatunce, that if wearing a black riband and praying orer a nail taken at night from u dead mau'ucolfiu failed to work the required oharm, she was then to assiBfc destiny by administering to the patiout a white powder. The patient, we may remark, was usually a husband, for, as if professional murder and the craftiest seduction of innocent people into murder wero noc enough to make a ' perfect inonstar,' Joye gave the last finishing touch to completo tie triumph of monstrosity by systematically selecting the foulest kind of murder that his dupes could well com mit. This is thu man whom a French jury have contrived to find guilty with ' extenuating cir stances.' It may be presnmod that this ia a puroly formal phruse, really meaning nothing more than that they object to capital punishment under any circumstances whatsover. Bat still the very phrase is a proof that the theory, at least, of blood for blood still survives in France, and, surely, if thero ever was un occasion for putting it in practice, it was in tho case of Joye. He Beoma, indeed, to have expected sentence of death, and bo did many others, who in open court expressed by loud murmurs their disap proval of his escape. They may have been in fluenced not only by detestation ef the crime, but also by a very natural foaling that the com munity was n«t safe wtiio to dangerous a cri minal lived, and that all the terrors of justice shonld bo evoked to deter others from imitating his crime. His system of poisoning had baffled eome of the best doctors of Marseilles, In one case their suspicions were aroused, but this was,iuall probability, due to the careloBsness of hia client, a womnn who, while poisoning her hUBband, nearly poisoned herself uud her child. Bat in two cases ho is known to have uuc ceeded without exciting the slightest sus picion, and thero is no knowing in how many more he may may have had the samo success. His detection was purely accidental, being occasioned by the jealousy of an accomplice, not by hia own inability to cope with the doctors. Indeod, it was his system to have them called in immediately after th-n Stab ad ministration of poison, telling his clients, some times with surprising accuracy, what remedies the doctors would employ, aud how they wero to be foiled. Such a man might obviously go ou for years working wholesale slaughter with impnnity. Happily, people do not always do what they can, and secret poisoning is not, wo think, by any means one of the national weak ness. It is true that snch cases as the one wo havo been just discussing are far more fre quent than is desirable. But such cases differ materially from those in which as at Marcoilles, secret poisoning is reduced to a soienco and praetined day after day in cold blood, and with every contrivance of chymical skill. Indeed, tho Lincolnshire case can scarcely be called ouo of secret poisoning. The criminal put unou'h araonic, as the doctor said, to kill two men into a enp of Jtea or a cake, and her hus band died in a few hours. For any purposes of secrecy she might almost as well have shot him, or beaten his brains out with a bludgeon. There is, indeed, a certain claas of poisoning casea not altogether nnknown among us, in which no inconsiderable skill is shown in poisoning ; but these are the result of a monomania, and a criminal often escapes detection simply because there is discoverable or even conjectural mo tive to givo tbo clue to conviction. Warasn have been kno»n to poison every body who came within their roach — even a strange beggar w)t- asked for a drink of water ou a hot day. A conspicuous instance of this monomania occurred the other day at Ge neva., where a hospital liarie was in the habit of poisoning her pationtn for pure love of poison ing, pud did it with much irjgennity. But such scintiEc mnrder ns thiR ia of oonrsn too ex ceptional lo furnish any general ground* for un easiness, or make us fear that our criminal poisoner?, like Joye, are geltinji too much for our medical police. At the nine time, thp latter cannot bo too much on their pnard. Joye wonld have been brought to jnstice long hro if the doctors hnd dono their duty. Tho case broko down through their neglect. Oddly enough, this Lincolnshire caie was eqnnlly at tho mercy of tho doctor. If he had taken less vi!»orons and prompt measnres to secure the evidence moBt wanted because he feared, like the French doctors, to fasten unjust suspicion on tho wife, the jury wonld probably bav« ac qnitted her altogether. They would havo had bettor reason for doiusj so thnn for their recom mendation to mercy on the ground of circum stantial evidence. 