INTERCPLOMIAL. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (fboh odb own oobbesponoxstt.) ADELAIDE, -Apbil 6. soutn Aostmua isapproactiing a state of politicalecstasy, In which she will hardly know whether to be beet pleased with herself or with her neighbours. Her foreign relations are satisfactory, for out of oompliment to the new 'Governor she has abandoned her chronic fend :with the Colonial Office, and tier feelings-to ward the other oolonies are so amiable that' not even the miscarriage of the Customs Union Conference could ruffle them. Inter* i nal affairs are so determined to conduct them-1 selves quietly that Mr. Strangways, the Ish maelite of opposition, though he has scarcely been -six months in office, has already ex hausted his pugnacity. In his last engage ment with - the ex-colonel-commandant of Volunteers, he fought single-handed against a - select committee of -the Assembly/three fourths of the officers-in the force, a very con siderable portion of the public, and, if rumour be not all the greater a romancist, also two Governors, His victory was so signal (bat be Las been resting for a whole fortnight on jiis laurels. The object of his displeasure was put to flight after publicly boasting of the Vice-regal protection he possessed, and of the dilemma into which he had brought the Go vernment. Major Warburton, the late com missioner of police, is now at the head of the volunteer force vice Biggs, removed. Through the timely relenting of the Deue ex machina, the Ministry escaped that most vexatious of Ministerial calamities—a crisis in recess. Peace reigns in Victoria-square, and Cabinet meetings might be adjourned sine die without detriment to the public business. Sir James Fergusson has fitted himself ad mirably into the Vice-regal socket, and the clearest proof of his cool-headedness is the regularity with which ail the constitutional machinery revolves round him. He has been fortunate or skilful, whichever it may be, in finding the proper medium between the King Log and King Stork styles of administration. Without stepping out of his own sphere, or betraying any tendency to fussiness, he has contrived to inform the public of his private opinions on several important points. Though given simply as opinions, they will leaven the future policy of the Government, for on the subjects to which they refer, local politicians were previously so much at sea that they would have struck out for the first beacon they caught sight of. The one His Excellency has held out to them will be none the less acceptable for having the Vice-regal arms upon it. It is bright enough to let daylight into the very foundations of the Wakefield system. Sir James has said enough to enable old colonists to convict him of scepticism in that Magna Charta of 1836. In one of his provincial speeches, he warned the farmers that at the Treasury both ends were only being made to meet by subtracting several hundred thousand pounds a-year from the national capital. According to the Wakefield system, however, these several hundred thousand pounds, which in effect mean the proceeds of the land sales, are only converted into another form of national capital, namely, roads, railways, and public improvements. Had Sir James gone a step further, and questioned the economy of many parts of our public works expenditure, his warning would have been complete. Pos sibly, had he felt himself free to express all he thought, he would have reduced the issue to this point, which is the only practical one— We cannot refuse to sell the public lands, and what is to be done with the proceeds if theToad boards and the engineer-in-chief are no longer to share them? Lodged in the bank? We incurred ridicule and trouble enough through that kind of economy three years ago. The money must be spent, and Sir James ought to supplement his previous advice by enlightening us on the best way to spend it. The ghost of Wakefield has not been the only sufferer through these post- prandial criticisms. Sir James had initiated himself in local finance by studying the last budget speech, which was jocularly characterised at the time as budget-making made easy. After his first public performance, he was recom mended to study the audit returns if he wished to fathom the mysteries of the Trea sury. He did so, and, at the first opportunity, .confessed that they had staggered him. He bad waded through all the red tape in Downing-street, and seen behind all the scenes in the Circumlocution-office, but he had never known arithmetic gone mad till he was introduced to the auditor-general of South Australia. Sir James did not express his sensations quite so bluntly as this; but it is the meaning which the public could plainly read in them. And no one who had preceded him in the exploration of this financial labyrinth wondered at his amaze ment. The audit returns had all along been known to be utterly unintelligible outside the Audit-office, for they cut up the revenue and expenditure into five divisions, and then, by means of transfers from one to the| other, make a hotch-potch of the whole five. The muddle has been tolerated hitherto, on account of Sutherland's act, to the requirements of which it had been pro fessedly adapted; but the truth is, that it, dis torted the act, and now it has helped to bring it into disrepute. Whether the Sutherland charter should stand or fall, the Audit-office is to be reformed. The Government have re solved to appoint a commission to investigate the department, and organise a new system. Two private accountants are wanted, I be lieve, to assist the Treasurer in his Augean undertaking, but they are, apparently, hard to find. I presume you have heard of no Victorian yeoman giving up Grant's Act in disgust, and coming across here for a trial of the Stnaug ways land system. So far from attracting population, it has hardly escaped the fate of the prophets who have no honour in their own country. It has been close On: two months in operation, and the extent of settle ment affected under it is eleven hundred! odd . acres, while the'Umount of "relief" it has administered to the bond-fide agriculturist is under three thousand pounds, j Its friends have not even the satisfaction of blaining the'bad times for their disappoint meht, because land is selling freely uhder the old system.: At a sale where seven or eight thousand acres may he sold as before for cash/ only a few sections will be taken up under these credit clauses. It is a fact that ' during the past two mouths any man might have gobe ihto the auction-room, had a, sec tion knocked down to him, offered twenty 'percent, of the!purchase money in lieu of fouryearB'rental, and settled forthwith las a bondfide agriculturist; yet the farmers have not fallen in love at first sight with the Strangways specific for easy farming. But Mr. Strangways has a second string to his bow in the agricultural:ureas, which were forced ' upon hltn in much the same way as the 42nd clause was on Mr. Grant They jwere -originally adopted as an appendix to his own competition and credit doctrine; but they will now have to be made the mainstay- of the scheme. Thefirstof them, I believe, pre ready for opening as soon as the term of postponements fixed by the Legislature shall expire, namely, six months from the passing of the bilL If free selection within areas does not suit th& bond fide agriculturist, he must relapse with out further complaint into the bondage of the auction-room and pure Wakefieldism. Such an issue might greatly comfort the con servatives, but it would be fossilis&tion; for the colony. . 