School of Arts. On Monday evoning a dramatic and musical entertain mont, givon by thc Saturday Half-Holiday Association, took place in tho hall of tho aboro institute. Tho spacious building was woll filled with a fashionable and appreciative audience, who seemed to thoroughly onjoy tho various portions of tho programme provided for their delectation. An appropriate prologue, written especially for tho occasion by Mr H. Driver, and spoken by the author, oponed the evening's performance. Tho curtain then rose upon Oxenford s farco of " Retained for tho Defence," ono of tho many pieces marlo famous by. tho excellent acting of tho lato F, Robson. This was supported by tho employés of Victoria House, with tho oxoeption of the part of Pawkins, whioh was sustained by Mr Harry Driver, and the spirit in which ho playod it must have loft grave doubts on the minds of his audience whother tho " poor, persecuted, and trembling being " boforo them really was tho samo young gentle- man who, during the past four years, had so often caused tho hearts of his hearers to vibrato with his touching and refined elocution. Tho rest of tho characters wero well pourtrayed, moro especially that of Agatha by Miss Novello.- An agreeablo melango foliowod, in which Mrs. Cordner acted as accompanyist, and sevoral well-known amateur and professional artistes delighted their audi- tory with choice morceaus from tho most ' popular com- posers' repertoires. Tho performance concluded with tho burlesquo of Bluo Beard, as performod at Victoria Houso in September last ; tho dresses and appointments boicg kindly granted for tho occasion by Messrs Farmer, Paintor, and Pope. Tho ladies characters were admir- ably sustainod by Misses Oliver, Novello, and Taylor. The various marches, songs, and ooncorted pieces inci- dental to the piece wero well given, and tho neting of Messrs Fitzgerald, Charles Cooper, and Driver, left nothing to bo desired, moro particularly in the finalo where "Hiokoty Pioketty" and '"Little Jack Hornor' in tho hands, or rather legs and . mouth, of Mr Driver brought down tho houso in a most ' unmistakable manner, causing tho performers to reappear and bow their acknowledgments amidst tho well-earned applause of the company present. Tho National Anthem brought the entertainment to a conclusion shortly after eleven o'clock. ¡ - ! PEOPIES CONCBBT.-Tho Sons of Temperance gave their usual weekly concort, at tho Temperance Hall, last Saturdoyovening, which wasrèoeived with that gusto which has hitherto been the case at theso, pleasing, little re unions. They not only gb a long way towards prorao'io ing tho object for which the Society- is established, but also tend in a great measure to cultivato an intellectual taste for high class music A very enticing programmé was issued, which, comprising as it did tho namos of our most efficient local artists, could not have failed to attract a large and respectable audience. Tho Hon. J. B. Wilson occupied tho chair during tho evening. The conoort was opened with'a quartotto by Miss James, Mrs Jackson, and Messrs Fairfax and Jackson, which was rondored in a very artistic manner. Mr Fairfax is gifted with a really. fine bass voice-full, soft, and pliable, which ho has cultivated to great perfection. In tho scona " Tho Desert," and the song, " When Timo hath boroft Thoo" ho was very effec- tive. Miss Wiseman sang tho pretty little songs " Beauty Sloops" and "Do not minglo" vory sweotly, and tho hearty plaudits with whioh sho was grcotcd fully testified to. the high estimation in which this talented lady is held. Miss James sang tho soena " O mia Fionando," and " Won't you tell mo why, Robin," very creditably; but they wero by no moans her best renderings, for wo have often heard har to bottor advantage She was, however, moro offectivo in harmony. Mrs Jackson gave " Tho Drunkard's Ragged Woan"Jnnd "Angols over bright and fair" in a pleasing manner, and joined with Mr Jackson in tho duet " Bright Angels from Heaven," which/ although tho latter was slightly out of voice, was exceed- ing welt givon. Mrs Cooper sang "Jennyof tho Mill" in a mild and gentle manner-rather tao muoh so, for (hough this lady possesses a rory (soft and sweot-voico, yet tho diffidence with which she oppoared completely marred what would otherwise have been a vory efficient rendering. Mr G-. Russell created a great deal of mirth with tho curious antics ho out in singing "The Ghost," as also did Mr A, Cameron in bis recitation called "Tho Affinity." Civil SBBVIOE CONCEBÍ;.-A large and fashionable audioncö assembled at tho Masonio Hall on Wednesday, to witness tho porforwanoo of Barnett's cantata, " Tho Ancient Mariner," by tho mombors of tho Civil Service Musical Soeiu'ly. Tho admission at coneerts of this Society ii usually confinod to tho friends of subscribers, and others who may bo favored with invitations from tho Committee, but tho groat success which attonded tho first production of the cantata in tho carly part of tho present month induced tho members to repeat tho por formnneo publicly. Tho length of the prográmalo would encroach too much on our space for detailed notice, but wo desiro especially to montion tho very ciTectiro manner in whioh a young lady, with a (Ino soprano voioo, rendorod tho aria, "Tho fair broezo blow;" tho ario, " Oh ! sloop is a gentío thing," givon by a very sweat contralto voice, and the aoprano solo «nd chorus o ladies, " This seraph band." A ohorua, "Tho upper air burst into lifo," and tho finale-quartette and chorus, "What loud uproar," woro also grandly sung. Tho conoert, whioh may justly bo considered as moro than successful, terminated at half-past ten o'clock. 