THEATRE ROYAL. Mr lalbot appeared on Tuesday night as Hamlet before a good house, save in the boxes and dress circle—that seemingly chronic weak part of the house. 1 he weather again was wet, and the counter attrac tion of the Harmonic Society's repetition of ''Ernani," at the Alfred Hall, for the benefit of the Ladies' Benevolent Clothing Society, no doubt drew away some playgoers. Of Mr Talbot's Hamlet we may say at once that it was a most scholarly interpretation. ^ e cannot avoid the odiousness of caparisons, ami must say that we think the impersonation unequal ill itself, and not equal to the last Hamlet wo ' had here, that ot -Mr .Montgomery. It WI-ikI that actor's matchless naturalness, evenness, and elo cutionary polish. The weak points in Mr Talbot's renderingappeared to us to be the greatersoliloquies, and the unsatisfactory contrasts generally in Ins elocution. There were so many excellent touches of natural emotion and expression in the impersonation, that when the harsh and merely recitation- like deliveries of other passages came upon the ear, it was impossible not to wish, in rememberance of the better parts, that the actor were always as he was in those less stilted portions of the play. For they were all that the most fastidious auditor could desire in action and in emphasis, and discovered so great faculty for close and impressive copying of natural feeling and expression that the harder, more labored, sermonising-like readings were made the more prominently unpleasant. These were like the most conventional of the scholarly but intensely professional utterances of the English church clergyman, and it was made to be so plainly apparent that the actor made himself up for special efforts at those times, that at once all the charm which a mel lower and more natural expression conveys was lost. Mr Talbot's voice is strong and pleasant generally, though wanting in sweetness and flexibility as a rule, and thus the stiffness of manner which marred so many passages, soliloquies mainly, became intensi fied. But, as we have intimated, the impersonation was that of a scholar and a loving student, and tho play was rich in many beauties. The delivery of tho brief passage, " I shall not look upon his like again," was one. It disclosed a world of feeling, and was most aptly given after nature. In the apostrophe to the ghost, Sir Talbot omitted the words, " all trivial fond records," the only slip we noticed in what may be presumed to be the playing copy of the text in use. There was sometimes a close bordering on rant, without, perhaps, ail absolute descent to that over stepping of the modesty of nature, and the louder tho actor was tho more vehement was the applause, most of the acts closing with that time-honored appeal to tho house, and each act, save the fourth, ending with a general call of tho actor before the curtain. Tho scenes with Ophelia were admirably managed, and in that scene where Hamlet and Ophelia met by contri vance of tho King and Polonius, Mr Talbot, by a longer than usual halt and looking for the suspected listener, gave a more than usually impressive cue and interpretation to his subsequent dealing with Ophelia. So in the scene where he is left alone, after being summoned to tho interview with tho Queen, there was a telling Hash of silence where the actor sat down as if overcome by the weight of reminiscent and forecasting thought. These were most effective transitions, and gratefully con trasted with others, wherein Mr Talbot moved at once from easy, natural, and forcible dialogue, to stiff stagey soliliquies, in which the tone of voice and the actor's whole air assumed a totally different and almost repulsive expression. But whatever defects there may be in this gentleman's Hamlet, it is impos sible not to accord to it the praise due to a rendering of very high merit, replete with well-preserved dignity, and reflecting at all points the action and feeling, and emphasis of a gentleman and a well schooled student of histrionic art. The auditor is not impressed with novelties in the imper sonation, yet there is in it much that shows original thought, and a tragic force and grasp that place Mr Talbot among the greater actors of the time. His reception was extremely good all through, and was, %ve think, in general very well deserved. Wo can say nothing more emphatic in the way of approval than that we shall esteem it a pleasure and a privilege to see the impersonation repeated. Mr Milne was an excellent Polonius. The character was well suited to that gentleman, and was given with admirable point i'.nd discrimination all through. Mr Daniels was a very good Horatio, easy, apt in the text, and carefully balanced. Mr Lawrence was the Laertes, but suffered so much from hoarseness that his rendering was un avoidably deprived of much of its effect. The sword 'scene in the last act, between Hamlet and Laertes, was well worked out, and we should remark that Mr 'Talbot's management of the dying-scene was eminently natural. Mr Noble made a very fair King, and Mr M'Gowan a capital Gravedigger. Miss ltyder was a very "sweet Ophelia." The mad scene was specially good, and was one of the many effective bits iu the play that will be remembered by the audience. Mrs Holloway as the Queen was dignified and queenly, and the subordinate parts were, with very few exceptions, satisfactorily filled, though the young ladies in wait ing ought to be taught that it is not decorous to be grinning in serious places, and notably in bearing the " fair Ophelia's " body to the grave. This evening Mr Talbot will appear as Shylock in the " Merchant of Venice." 