SOME PHENOMEMA OF Ll&HT.; ^Scientific Review.) Light takes eight minutes to travel from tbe sun to the earth. When it reaches the earth its properties may be tested by experiment, and it is found that light may be made to turn wheels and to lift weights, for it~ pos sesses inseparable heating powers, and heat ing force can always be made to do wtirk. Light, therefore, is motion of «ome -kind, * or it could not impart motion to solids... At one time it was supposed that luminous bodies emitted particles with enormous velocity, which particles, impinging on the retitia' of the human eye, caused, the sensation of light. This view was held by Newton. The emis sion theory, however, has been proved to be untenable, and now no doubt remains that light is tbe wave motion of an almost infi nitely elastic fluid. Which fills all space from star to star, and is believed to bathe the.atoms of all solid, liquid, and gaseous bodies. This fluid is known as tbe "interstellar ethgr.'' j Waves of sunlight are Of different'lengths, all mixed together. But these waves may be separated from each ..otbejy and sprea^ out upon a white screen, with the shortest Waves at one end and the longest at the othejpfjfil the intermediate gradations being orderly arrang ed* between the two extremes. Iroiji this power of separating,measuringvand^xamin ing the waves, have resulted all the modern discoveries in spectrum -analysis, phosphores cence, aud florescence. A simple method of separating the waves, is to take a glass priBm and hold it horizontally where the. sunlight is streaming in through a window. The waves,"passing through the. prisr^. will..he Bent put of their cou^rse, antl some -of them ^iV be ihrbwp upon the wair at ihe other enid titthe Tobm.. The:rays thus thrown will be Coloured, with the red at one end and the blue atad violet at the other, with yellow aodgreen in between. Colour, in fact, is nothing but a phenomenon of wave-length, a short wave producing the sensation, of blue, a longer wave producing the idea of yellow, and F'"a still longer giving the sensation of red. There a¥tr a/vast number of invisible waves coming toUre from the sun, some of them too short and others too long to produce any sensation npon the retina or nerves of the human eye. In fact, the invisible waves of the sun are far hotter and do about nine times more towards warming the earth than those waves which ^SScite'the sensation of vision^ On examining the colours, or " spectrum," thrown upon the wall by the prism, it will be seen that the blue waves are most bent from thp .original direction of the sunbeam, aud the red rays; leaif bent from that direction^ In other wotdX red and- blue rays have dif ferent refran^ibilities*. At one time it was VeKgiedLthf* the refrangibility of any particu kiij.ray cg«d nnt be made to vary, but the discover/ of florescence has shown that ?ander^ertain conditions the refrangibility of Hghfcdoes vary. To show this, a good supply ©J fci-ue and violet light is necessary, such I0it consisting of short waves, and the ex periments are very beautiful. Choose a room where the sun shines in through the window, and then block out all the light, by means of a shutter or otherwise, taking care that iail cracks are stopped. Then cut a hole about six-inches square in the shut ter, and stop the hole with two or three thicknesses of rich deep blue or bluish- purple glass. A broad beam of deep blue or purple light frorp the sun will thus stream down into otherwise dark room. Then hold in the deep Bibs light a bottle or other article made _of Uranium glass. Ornamental bottles made of this glass, which is- sometimes called " canary " glass^ because of its light-yellow colour, are com monly on sale in chemists' shops. They are plentifully made to hold smelling-salts, and may cost from sixpence to three shillings each; The-blue light should be very deep and .not very brilliant. When the uranium gJ&ss; bottle is held in it, the bottle will appear to* glow with great beauty, with all the bril liancy of a- glow-wormr or as if white hot. Here, then, the short, dark-blue waves have fallen upon glass, and that glass has taken them upland lengthened them out into yel low, or much longer, waves. Instead of the uranium glass just mention ed, absolution of freshly-dissolved pure sul phate'of ipiinine may be held in the bine rays to" show flourescent phenomena, but the result is not quite so striking as with uranium glass. W hite rags, wetted and dripping w ith the solution, will shine like the moon "when held in the blue rays. Any rich blue glass will do for the window, about three thick nesses of the common cobalt blue glass of tlie shops being usually sufficient when sun light is used. Violet glass, not too red, gives still more beautiful effects, the richest of the whole being produced by monganese glass. Tii lecture experiments on fluorescence, the el<ectric,lamps are used, with disks of man - ganese glass, in front of the condensing len ses* . A very good ghost has been made, by clothing a man in a dress covered with beads ofuramum glass, with a mask on his face, covered with sulphate of quinine. When such a man is illuminated with scarcely visi ble violet rays of low brilliancy, he glows out like the full moon in a dark room, and has a hot appearance, as if newly arrived from an unpleasant place, the road to which isiip'aved with good intentions-at least,, so Hectare taught by those who profess to know the locality. flourescent bodies lengthen out the short invisible waves beyond the blue end of the spectrum, so as to render them visible; at leiaist,: this is the opinion of Professor Stokes, ?who has written one hundred quarto pages in,the " Philosophical Transactions " of the 3£oy$l. Society (1852), in order to demon strate it; but since then the still more curi ohs phenomena of phosphorescence have been studied by very able writers both at home and iabroad, and appear in many eases to be very intimately connected with those of fipurescence. 