THB MAGAZINES. | (ft»»! the Illustrated london Nsw).) \ Jin. Reade's story in the Cornhill continues to torn principally on the disputes of trades' »aions with the employers of labour. The author has evidently got the subject np' "thoroughly with an eye to business, which will sol prevent the accuracy of his representations from being contested by those whom they con- cern. In a literary point of view, which alone -concerns us, it must be pronounced a highly characteristic story ; unpleasant, that is to say, from its occasional coarseness, perpetual gro icsqueneSB, and that indescribably peculiar aomething which distinguishes Mr. Reade from ail other novelists, past, present, and to come ; hut, at the same time, a work of muscle and »new, full of most undeniable vitality. " On Relics Ecclesiastical" and "Angling" are pleasant papers of light reading, embodying a mass of entertaining, if not very recondite, infor jtaation on their respective subjects. A paper on modern Venetian glass contains a piece of information new to us, that the long-lost art of the old glassmakers has been so far revived tkat a perfect facsimile of any ancient work .an be produced at the Murano manufactory. Anyone who has seen the magnificent Slade collection of glass, in the British Museum, will appreciate the importance of this fact. It seems I that the famous Murano factory is mainly sup- ported by British capital, and fears are expressed lest the useful should supplant the ornamental in consequence. " Out of School in the Middle Ages " contains some very amusing illustrations cf the position of the scholar during the period. The most interesting part is derived from an essay hy Otto Jahn, based on the memories of a wandering student named Flatter at the end of the fifteenth century. An essay on Martial is ?ery agreeably written, although, perhaps, ?omewhat too favourable to the character of the \- poet, both as an author and a man. This is, however, but a natural reaction after the long aeglect of a writer who, whatever his failings, is certainly one of the most valuable of antiquity. The principal causes of this neglect have now, fcr English readers, been effectually removed by the admirable edition of Messrs. Faley and Stene, a notice of which forms the subject of the article. Two of the papers in Macmillan are some- what disappointing. " Physical Education " and " The Malayan Archipelago " are interest- ing subjects, but ' the essays connected with them prove to be written by friends of Mr. Maclaren, the gymnastic professor, and Mr. "Wallace, the zoological traveller, more intent .n eulogising than on examining the perform- ances of these really eminent persons. Pro- fessor Tyndall's " Odds and Ends of Alpine Life " might be seen, from its title, to be also of a superficial character ; 'but, although the in- cidents it narrates are mere episodes in his career as an Alpine explorer, the narrative itself is carefully drawn up and deeply interest- ing. The most important part relates to his successful ascent of the Matterhorn. It is ac- companied by a geological chart of this famous mountain. " Estelle Russell " is as attractive as ever. Incidents and characters are alike lively and piquant. In pourtray ing French manners the authoress has caught the full vivacity of the , lociety she depicts. " Two Views of the Con- vent Question," by different writers, are each worth a careful perusal. The second of the essayists seems to think that conventual estab- lishments might be useful could they but be entered and quitted at pleasure. Such a regu- lation is quite Utopian so long as monasteries have any peculiar interest in the continued resi- dence of their members ; andlvtien monks have bo money, we apprehend that monasteries will have few monks. The writer of a careful and able critique on " The Ring and the Book " treats Mr. Browning less favourably than most of his reviewers have done. He objects strongly to the plan of the poem, condemns large por- tions as feehle or superfluous, and declares that " there is a greater intellectual strain in it than could be found in the 'whole works of Byron, Shelley, Coleridge, Scott, Southey, Keats, and Wordsworth." Yet, so supreme is the fascina- tion of Mr. Browning's genius, that the reviewer writes himself into something like a mood of affectionate admiration before he has concluded. Fraser opens with a highly elaborate and important paper on the emigration from the rural districts into towns, and its causes. Im- proved methods of cultivation, tending to the economy of labour, and the extent to which arable and dairy farms have been supplanted hy pasture, are reckoned among the principal ©f these. The writer is strongly of opinion that much of the poor pasture land of the countrv mitrht be rendered arable, with ere at national advantage, if only the tenant possessed sufficient enterprise and capital for the task. The article is illustrated by several instructive charts showing the comparative conditions of the various English counties, as regards the use to which the soil is put and the number of persons it employs. Miss Cobb hardly brings adequate eruditions to her examination of Mr. Fergussons "Tree and Serpent Worship." > The mere statement of the distin languished architect's speculations, how- ever,'is enough to show their tendency to paradox and the caution with which they must lie entertained. We learn from a " prelection " on " Scottish Characteristics " that a Scotchman is fearfully and wonderfully made. " Whist and Whist-Players " abounds in good stories, and not less so in scientific precepts nothing ehort of appalling to the ordinary whist-player. The writer's science is beyond our criticism ; but we can assure him that he is wrong in sup- posing Chailes Lamb's saying, " If dirt were trumps, what hands you would hold," to have feeen addressed te Hazlitt. The victim was Martin Burney. An eloquent essay on Mendels- sohn takes veiy high ground, endeavouring to »how that his music represents and combines ih&highest; ideals of art, morality, and intellect. *' Jabe?. Oliphant " is very amusing, but too much of a caricature. Great interest will attach to Mr. J. S. Mill's reappearance as a writer. The Fortnightly Jtevitto contains an article by him on Endow- ments, in which he comes forth as their advo- cate in opposition to his old antagonist, Mr. Lowe. We think he has much the best of the argument. At all events, the polemic against '.? educational endowments might be suspended 1 until it is quite certain that the State will super- sede the necessity for them. It would have "been a great folly to reject Mr. Whitworth's gift in reliance on the liberality of Parliament. Interference with the disposition of private pro- perty is, moreover, a matter wholly beyond the competence of Government. Mr. Gon greve's vindication of Comte against Huxley is an amusing instance of philosophic sensitive- ness. All this fussy indignation because an anatomist has called a French philosopher dreary and verbose ! Professor Huxley's other offensive criticism has been already made in substance in our columns. Mr. Congreve's views, therefore, appear to us as mistaken as his temper is unfortunate. Mr. Ludlow has, we think formed a correct estimate of Ferdinand Lasselle, the German socialist. This brilliant adventurer united the characteristics of an Alcibiades, a Catiline, and a Mirabeau. He possessed the most splendid talents, without a grain of prin- ciple, and his profligacy ultimately proved his destruction. As a political leader he is a signal example of the affinity between extravagant de- mocracy and despotism. Mr. Lionel Tollemache discusses Sir Q. C. Lewis's opinion that there is no authentic instance of anyone's age ex- ceeding a hundred years. He leaves the con- troversy much as he'found it, and as it always will be left until some one is at the pains to per- sonally investigate some of the recorded instan- ces of longevity. We may say, however, that Sir G. C. Lewis's name does not carry much weight when found on the negative side of a controversy. Scepticism with him amounted to monomania. After these grave sub- jects it is a relief to turn to Mr. Ralston's very entertaining ' paper [on Russian popular stories. Those adduced tiy him are generally of a religious character. It is highly interesting to observe how' conventional ideas, transported to Russia, have become tinged by the peculiar character of the people. The Burns-like good humour and compassion of the Russian conception of the devil is especially noteworthy. Mr. Morris's "poem is pretty, but his lynes always remind us that narrative is his forte. ' " Doubles and Quits " is concluded in Black- wood, leaving behind it the pleasant savour of a most lively, humorous, and spirited story. The conclusion is fully equal to the rest. Bio- graphical paperB on Keble and Lord John Lawrence render lull justice to these equally celebrated but singularly different men. The writer of the former has not seen fit to quote the forcible but silly-and intemperate passage from Keble's correspondence, in which he expresses his disgust at the irreverence of the Scotch nation. Blackwood's course on American politics has been so perverse that the conciliatory writer on "The Incoming President " has much humble pie to eat, while at the same time he must pretend that he eateth it not. He accomplishes both tasks creditably. Some idea of the general fairness of the essay entitled V The Triumvirate " (denoting Messrs. Gladstone, Bright, and Lowe) may be derived from its allusion to " the few striking passages which Mr. Bright's speeches contain. With the exception of a biographical paper on Handel, by Mr. Haweis, the contents of the Conttmporary Review are of a theological cha- racter. Professor Bonamy Price reviews Mr. Ffoulkes's letter to Archbishop Manning, a pamphlet which suggests that some of the new converts are but a doubtful acquisition to the Church of Rome. The conversion of these gentlemen waB in itself a very bold exercise of the private judgment which that Church abhors, and implies habits of independent examination and decision which cannot all at once be laid aside, even at the bidding of a Pope. Mr. Wratislaw, a native Bohemian, favours us with an account of the vernacular writings of John Hus8, which have been recently brought to light after an entombment of four hundred years. Mr. Hunt's article on Tindal displays his usual industry and candour. Saint Paul's has several excellent papers, the first place among which is due to a masterl) review of the career" and character of Daniel O'connell. Another is a review of Lanfrey's life of the first Napoleon, the first book in which a Frenchman has candidly exhibited the national hero to his countrymen in the light in which he appears to other nations. " Imagina- tion as a National Characteristic," and " The National Debt before the Revolution," are interesting articles. "Phineas Finn" ap- proaches its completion. The hero's position is at present a peculiar one. He is tenderly beloved by four most charming ladies, and is at the same time one of the most miserable of man- kind. " A Life's Assize " is ably continued in the St. James's Magazine. "Hirell" is concluded with the same spirit and power as have charac- terised it throughout. Its place is occupied by a new story, "No Appeal," which is com- menced in the present number. Belgravia boasts one very striking contribution - the concluding part of Mrs. Cashel Hoey's ghost story, "The Brown Lady." " Told by a Table," an Oxford sketch, is highly amusing; and Mr. Justin M'Caithy's novel goes on well. " Ser- pents," " The Human Finger and Thumb," and " Noctambulism " are readable papers. There iß nothing noticeable in the Dublin univer- sity Magazine. " Christopher Kenrick" pursue s its pleasant course in the Gentleman's Magazine, and, without losing any of its humour, rises this month to something of a higher strain. The subject of Mr. Shirley Brooks's second story from the old dramatists is taken from Ben Jonson's "Alchymist." It need not be said that rare old Ben and Mr. Brooks have made up a very amusing story between them. The most interesting contribution to the number is " Abbotsford Notanda," a selection from the unpublished correspondence of Sir Walter Scott with his factor, William Laidlaw. Wa linne in lionv m Aro nf tVioco nunan willeri exhibits Scott's character in the most advan- tageous light. Nothing can be more delightful than the glimpses they afford of his kindness, charity, delicacy, and good sense. A letter written shortly before the great crash ,of his fortunes is interesting as an illustration of his sanguine manner of regarding his affairs to the very last. A writer on " The Wit and Wisdom of Bidpai," the Indian fabulist, remarks with surprise that "accomplished littérateurs, to whom I mentioned the subject, never heard of Bidpai." Let him try the experiment of aBking them about Pilpay. The Broadivay's pair of novels go on as usual. Both belong to that large class which has the air of having been produced by machinery. The most interesting paper in the number is one on " Locomotion in America," which is very graphically illustrated. Another paper on America, Mr. Newman Hall's account of his visit to Chicago, is chiefly remarkable for a sketch of th# son of President Lincoln. " Major Blake," in the Britannia, improves both in humour and condensation, although the imita- tion of Thackeray's " Fatal Boots " is still very apparent. " Brother Jonas" is one of Mr; Gilbert's most successful attempts. It is full of dry drollery, greatly enhanced by the writer's matter- of-fact imperturbability of style. The assailant of Oxford returns to the .charge, and certainly succeeds ?in establishing that at - least one vulgar person has been sent forth by the University. There is nothing very noticeable in Under the Crown, except the second part of Mr. Soden, Smith's paper on the " Vicissitudes of Art-Treasures." The con- tents of the . Court Suburb Magazine are good, and more varied than usual. >. j " Roland Yorke," Mrs. Wood's story in the ' Argosy, seems at least equal to " The Chan- ning«," of which it is a continuation. There are more bustle and vigour than have been ordinary v/ííh her of late. " Jerry's Gazette " is an excellent specimen of " Johnny Ludlow's" peculiar and original style. " An Incident in the Life of Lord ¿?yron" is preprinted from an old magazine. We should say it has been I printed once too often already, unless some I better evidence of its authenticity is forth- j coming than appears to be the case at present. Mr. Henry Kingsley, with true British pluck, continues to do duty for Victor Hugo in Onee a Weel. The scene at the dog fancier's is in his best manner. The miscellaneous contents of this periodical present their usual characteris- \ tics. Some verses, entitled " A Victim of Hymen," deserve especial notice for their ele- gance and humour. We have also to acknow- ledge Good Words, Good Words for the Young, . Aunt Judy's Magazine, the Month, the Monthly Packet, the Qttivtr, and Chainbcrs's Journal. The North British Jievieto puts forth a very . good number, the articles composing which are of lighter calibre and more general interest than usual. The most characteristic is a pro- found essay on '. Man's Chief End." The most interesting of the other articles is one on Tur qnenicf, the eminent Russian novelist, whose principal works are analysed at length, and illustrated by exlracts. Tuiquenief is evidently a very considerable writer, and we hope the English public may soon become acquainted1 with his merits through the medium of an adequate translation. 