THE CUSTOMS CONFERENCE. (From the Argus, July 10.) The adjourned quarterly meeting of too Chamber of Commerce convened, amongst other purposes, for the consideration of the report of the reoent Conferenoo of commercial delegates in Sydney, was held yesterday, at the Melbourne Exchange, There were^bout thirty mem bers of tbe Chamber in attendance. Tbe President (Mr. JameB Lorimcr) oocupied the chair. ; The Chairman, in opfining tbe proceedings, stated that the business before the meeting was to deal with the report of the Conference. Mr. George Martin begged to move the following resolu tion : — ' That this meeting, having considered the report of the recent Conference of commercial delegates in Sydney, and the resolutions arrived at by them ou tne subjeocs of;a Customs Union, rcduotion of telegraphic oharges, and tbe introduction of the system of Belling grain and fleur per cental of 100 lbB., adopts that report, and reoords its approval of those resolutions, as also of the action of the delegates who represented this Chamber at that Conference.'* He was not prepared to say that difficulties would not be found iu carrying out tbe details of this proposal, but he felt con vinced that advantage would follow to all the colonies from carrying into effect what had been recommended, aud be trusted that this Chamber would endorse what had been done, Mr. J, R. Bailey (of Paterson, Rey, Palmer and Co.) said he had great pleasure in seoonding the resolution, but more for the purpose of eliciting discussion than anything else, He had hoped that the course taken of adjourning the meeting on Tuesday would have had the effect of draw ing forth a more earnest expression of opinion on the part of tho general body of the Chamber as to the results of the recent Conference. It certainly seemed to him that this was a question of the most vital importanoe to the trading community of the whole of the colonies ; and, although the Chambers of the different colonies had succeeded bo far jin arriving at something like unanimity bb to the oourse 'of action that ought to be pursued, the labours ef the Confer ence would not ceme to anything unless the Chambers of the different colonies had sufficient influence with the various) Governments to induce them to take action. He therefore trusted that the members present would see fit to intimate to the committco the desirability of formally laying before the Government of this colony the resolutions of the Intercolonial Conference, and in endeavouring to interest them in the-objects it was desirable to obtain. He (Mr. Bailey) was afraid, from the general feeling of apathy which ruled amongst the com munity at the present time, that the Chamber would not advance very rapidly in the objeot it had in view ; but still the time might come when the Government would feel an intereBt, on behalf of the community, in bringing about a union of the Australian oolonies, if not for political purposes, at any rate for customs purposes. The object of securing a federal union of the whole of the Australian oolonies had long been before the public, and he should like to see the proposition carried out as early as possible. After this resolution had been discussed he should feel himself at liberty to move a resolution to the effect that the committee be instructed to bring the matter formally before the Government, and ask them to take action. He felt sure that it would be quite impossible for the Chunber to agitate the community, cr to take any effectual steps, without Becuring the co-operation of the Government. Mr. James Service, in supporting the resolution, did not think it was fair to complain of apathy on the part of the mercantile community. For his own part, he oould never fight unlesB he had something to fight against, and he thought tbat in this matter the Chamber were unanimous. The Chamber did its duty on a former occasion in passuig a resolution resolving that certain gentlemen should visit Sydney and discuss the matter there; and he thought (the Chamber ought to express very heartily and sincerely their appreciation of the manner in which those gentlemen had fulfilled their mission. For his own part, he had been very much gratified from reading from timo to time in the papers, and especially from the final report of the Confer ence, the manner in which those gentlemen had discharged their duties. But he must confess that it waa very difficult for him to get up any ' steam,' or enthusiasm, when there was no work to be done. If the committee could inform the members where the work was to be done, they would be most happy to respond to the call. But the members of the Chamber here Were not in the position in which they were placed at Sydney. They had not only not parties evenly balanced, as they were there, but they bad not even the ghost of an opposition. The Chamber, indeed, was as one in the matter. , Aud even in point of numbers, this was a respectable meeting of the Chamber, without taking into consideration that most of the membsrs regarded it, aB he did, as a merely formal meeting to con firm the report. He made these remarks in order that it might not go forth to the other colonies that there was a feeling of apathy hereon the subject. He was sure there was a very strong feeling here, and he was quite satisfied that 'this movement was not likely to come to an end without a very determined struggle en the part of ' the mercantile community here to carry into effiect the objects which had been proposed. The evils we had been subjected to,' and the disadvantages and ineonvenienoes we -had suffered, on account of the difficulties which had been ex perienced in connection with the intercolonial trade, especially since the recent changes in the tariff^ had been so many and so great, that he was quite sure that all present would feel a personal interest, as well as an in mmnlv na nnifa nf fhis Chamber, in thn xnatfpr nnir under discussion, and he mdst therefore protest against the statement of there being any such feeling as that of apathy on the put of tbe Chamber of Commerce. He had great pleasure in seconding the resolution. The resolution was then put and earned unanimously. Mr. Service then rose to move the following resolution : — ' That the committee of the Chamber be requested to take the necessary steps for giving practical effeot to the resolution of the late Conference, in reference to the intro duction cf the cental system ef selling grain and flour, by obtaining, if possible, the concurrence and co- operation of the millers, factors, and others engaged in the com trade ; and that it be a recommendation to them that the new system should come into operation on and from the 1st January next. Also that the Chambers of Commeroe in the neighbouring colonies be invited to adopt similar measures, with a view to a simultaneous commencement in the various colonies.' This was just one of those resolu tioas which no one could be expected to speak to. There was really nothing to argue and nothing to discuss. He did not suppose that a single voioe would be raised againBt this resolution. He was sure the whole Chamber 'were unanimous on the point. Mr. R. Murray Smith Beoonded the resolution. If the delegates had done nothing more than this they would have deserved the thanks of the Chamber. The Chairman remarked that the Conference were as unanimous as the Melbourne Chamber were upon this particular matter. It was found impossible to get np a discussion upon it. 'Mr. Charles Bright was not going to oppose the resolu tion; but he thought the Chamber should have decided first as to the steps to be taken in carrying out the more important resolutions of the Conference. After a little conversation, the resolution was agreed to. The Chairman said the Chamber would observe that one of the resolutions agreed to at the Conferenoo was as fol lows ' That, in the opinion of this conference, a consid erable reduction of the charge for telegraphic messages between the colonies would greatly facilitate the operations of business, extend trade, and lead to : an increase of that branch of the public revenue.' He might state that the Melbourne Chamber bad already oommunioated with the Government an tMn subject. In South Australia a reduc tion in the charges had already taken plaoe. An experi ment, in fact, had been made, and the committee had been advised by the Government here, that, as far as the present year was concerned, they could not make any change. They were, however, going to watch the progress of the experiment in South Australia, and if it proved successful, they would probably follow it out here. If the political conference took plaoe— and it would probably be held in Sydney next September — the question would be considered there with the view, he understood, of having a uniform rate for the different colonies. Bo far, therefore, as that portion of the report was concerned, it had been already dealt with as effectually as the Chamber oould hope to deal with it. Mr. Bailey moved the following resolution : — ' Tljat, in the opinion of this Chamber, it is desirable that the reso lutions of the Intercolonial Conference, and the matters oontainedin the report just adopted, be laid before the Government of this colony, with the request tbat action may be taken at the earliest opportune period.' He moved this resolution in order that a practical result might be ? given to the efforts of the Chamber. Unless the Govern ment could be interested, no practical results oould be obtained, The Chamber was not a body which oould agitate the community, however much tho views of the Chamber might be calculated to advance the interests of the publio. It was for the Government of the day to do bo ; and he thought that, as soon as the Government found leisure, they would be reedy to consider tbe subjeat, and ascertain from the Governments of the neighbouring colonies how far snch a scheme would meet with their approbation. Mr. Hubert J. Henty seconded the resolution. Mr. Charles Bright remarked that the members of the Chamber were all ss unanimous that anything like dis cussion would be out of plaoe. The only thing like oppo sition, he might observe, appeared in the report itself, as coming from a neighbouring colony ; and it might not be altogether out of place to say that the object to bo gained by a Customs Union was one that might be joined in even by those who, like the objectors in this instance, were not the advooates of free trade. The unanimity observed hero was easily accounted for, because all, even those who had protective leanings, oould join in bringing about a Customs Union. He trusted tbat this unanimity would have some weight with the gentlemen in Sydney, who appeared by this report to have raised some opposition to the object our delegates hod in view. The Chairman remarked that tho opposition whicb pro ceeded from two members of the Conference was not sup ported by the mercantile community of Sydney. The pro test they had made was also inconsistent with their former opinions, for they had previously agreed to the resolution recommending a commercial federation of all the Australian colonies. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. aa(l the proceedings terminated. 