That " protoplastic," theory ot Professor HuxU bothers me. I daresay he is right onoigh-at leas jun not able to confuto bim ; but isu't it nu aw thing to reflect upon that lite moins nothing at butoating and dri .king,-fceeping up, ia faot. \\. «Bomi-Jluid matter full of innumerable granules great minuteneiS," whioh tho Professor pronounces be the vital principle of If-, and designates "pru plasm." Plants, we« ds, trots, biid i, fishes, beasts, a meQ- all things that grow in fact-aro sustained protoplasm. Such is life-or rather suoh is pro plasm. Hereaf'or, wliou a man dios, wo sh no longer uso the figurative and i seioutiflo expression that ho gave up t ghost, but say boldly that he surrendered bis pro plasm, allowing the carbon, oxygen, hydrogen a nitrogen whioh had c.irupoeed it to form protoplas for some other body - perhaps a sea-seips-nt or bunyip, for this transmigration of tho elements is essential part of tl e Professor's tboory, tnd rein 1. doctrino resombl s that of tho late Profes Pythagoras, It seems, oleo, that when I cat potato, or an opp'o, I am only renewing my phot plasm at tho cost of that of something oleo, so that, reality, we are all of us daily practising a sort «anaibalism from which that of tho Now Zealaude differs only in degrea "It is a me matter of oonveniion " says Huxley, " whether v nail a given organism an animal or a plant." I sha «xpect some scient fia friond, who may havo been i the habit of addressing mo by the affectionate! familiar designation of " Old fellow" to s luto mo wit the query-^-" How are you, old plant ?" For I sit] peso I may bo allowed to consider myself a "give organism," though goodness knows what any of t may roaliy turn out to bc, in these scientific days. ] seems, too, that wo "hoi row tbe protoplasm of tb animal whoso flesh wo consume;" and hore wa cato a glimpse of the notion of barbarous tribe that eating a strong man would git strength, and consuming the eye of a keon sigh te one confer a Bimilar quality, and so forth But th most bothering part of this protoplastia theory is th {act whioh it seems to declaro that nobody whatove san be himself. He ia merely th* temporary possesso of a certain quant.ty of protoplasm, whereof porhap ¡he first man he meets in the streets may posies mother portion, eo that they might address each o the in tho lines from tho burlesque: Supposing I wero you ? Or Bupp'taing yon waro mo, Or suppu^lui. wo bath were somebody else, I wondiir who wo should bo ? I give it up for tho present, but shall c rtainly " rotur; te tho subject." I was sot a very big boy wh'n, as I remember, saw the newspaper*, or soino of thom, ia mourning for tho death of Lord Byron. That was in 1824. havo since, in common I suppose with most otho eivilised beings, Toad his works moro than once, am endeavoured to form an estimate of his oxtnordiuar; character; but at almost every point of an inquiry o this kind you ero baffled. Tho last mail fron England brings numerous notices of the dead poet dead now forty-fiva years-and they aro all aimed a what tho French call the "rehabilitation" or hil eharsoter. These notice* havo bcea brought for h lg samo volumes lately published by tho Couatcsi Guiccioli, Whose well known relation to Byron gave her the best possible opportunitio* of juging of hil faults and his good qualities, though if hor book hu been published forty years ago, when, to uso tho lan guage of a reviewer, " political, parsonic, and persona apito spat their hütetest and moat poieonous maliguitj upon the grave of tho dead genius," there ctn be nc question that tbe Coun'ess'a ovidenco would have been howled out of court. At this distança of time, how, ever, there is no reason why the facts or etatemanti presented should not be ca mly examined and j uri god A distinguished witter has said that: "Tho final judg meat of great mon and of great events is impossible tc the present-it is tho privilege of a futurt isnsmtion." Accoidingly nearly all tho mog-zines ol February last seem to ba guided by tho one wish, to rsview past judgments, and to do posthumous justice. In Belgravia there is a good article on this subject, but a great deal of its argument is apparently un- necessary. The writer points out that Lord B ron dying at thirty-six years of age, after producing the groat literary treasures which he has left behind, could neither havo been the monster of dissipation which his foes represented him to bo. nor tho mixture of ferocity, remorse, desperation, and lawlessness whioh ho has seemed desirous of representing himself to bo in his varions characters of the Giaour Conrad, L ira, Manfred, 4a, any moro than Shakcsporo ought to bo identified with his " Hamlet," on tho ono band, or his .'Maoboth" on the other, or Milton with his Sitan. ' But," adda tho writer, " neither Shaksporo, Byron, nor Milton could have drawn out auch characters had they boon capable of identifying thorasoives with their conceptions on occasion." That portion of tho review whioh will perhaps excito most attention ia tho part whioh relates to the separation of Byron from hm wife. It is probably as much owing to tho poet's own lovo of myetory and romance as to tho desire o' his foos to blocken his character, .hat all kinds of hideous theories have for years been propounded to account for a very common-place traneao ion. "Tuero is overy reason to believe," says the writer in Belgravia, " that thors was no other ground for tho separation than moro incompatibility of disposition. Lady Byron's conduot is oxplioiblo enough, but not excusable. She preferred to'havo tho airs of a victim of inconceivable things, for Bho could say nothing that would not turn to her discredit, she could mako no publio or privat« avowal that she could not tolotato Byron's ha' ifs, without making confession of her abJiidonment of her duties aa a wife, of inferiority, and of incapacity for srmpathy with qualities which some natures fear while they hate." After the lapse of nearly half a century, tho oudgols aro being taken up on behalf of tho dead poet in good earnest, " and thus the whirli- gig of time brings in his revenges." I always mako o point of hoing specially pleasant to my medical nttondant. I dofor to him, and pay attention to every word falling from so eminent tn authority. It is always a bad sign whon a mon trouts ' hm medical attendant with a want of roar ec ; and, as a raia, you will fiud it very bad policy. The doctor talks soma nonsenso, of courso, but you must wink at it Fanoy hoing on bad terms with your doctor, and thou haying to send for him when you havo a roturn .t that horrid gout, wilh its atonie, motnotatirt, or istrocodent forme, and hearing a lecturo promising you "nodosities" rind other ngrceablo features of tho monster dieooso. Woll, now, would j' uot bo muoh moro ohcering to hear Wm say "What! Brown, my boy, on your back again, ebfî You roncal, been making roo froo with tho 27 Port have you? Well, you will soon bo all right, and "-but what on oanh am I meandering into ? Thora is all tho diflvrenco botween my family doctor aud a Government dector: nil tho differenco in tho ?f arid. A Government dootor only takes offlco when no ouo oleo will tako him. Of courte, this daos not apply to all, but thoro is nolhing.like a broad asserliou, -it gives zojt to a ih'ng. What I wanted to call allon to really is the now modo of treating lunatics. I Hgypt it- was the custom to twa lunaties with profound rospect. I read tha tho treatment was to endeavour to mitiga't < ho disease by ogreeablo impressions convoyed througl tho seneca. Tho rourso puraued at D rlinghu'Bt i perhaps a cpy of thia-differing in ono importan respect-tho impressions being tho reveraa of agreeable When a man is mad ho is whaoked. It scorns tba two unfortunates wore examined by certain individual] callel medical authorities, and they concluded to tr; tho whacking remedy, when in Btcpa tho nofuheartct prinoipal gaoler, who wan's to try the Egyptian cure Of course it is no uae having medical nuthoritioi if you aro going to troat tho patients in youl own uneducated way. Mr, Principal G-iolei would not or did not administer thi prescription aa before. The dootor refused to put ur with thia breach of disciplino, and tho paolor wjf i o lldd over tho coale. A board was appointed, consist I ing of two of my esteemed friends of tne profession J delight to honour, end they all agreed that at loaet one of the unfortunates was rosily mad. Ii Scotland il is ho prtotice to includo lunatics and idiota togo th or Now eupposo the tables were turned at Darlinghurst and the lunática and idiota were accurately classified, which ought to ha^o the whacking, think you ? Some will say tho lunatic, I am nat going to tell you what I think, beoauso I respect tho profession. How crusty these Government paop'o aro when thoy aro bowled out ! I rea ly boliovo that tho hoads of department (of course I mean such gentlemen as the Colonial Secrotary. Sec 1 never hear of tho petty tyranny practised hy offlciah oicept through newspapers. Why oocs tho wrath of my friend Moees fall upon a gentloman who Bhitdds hirasolf under an "alleged ru'o with journalists." and only becaueo tho journalist tries ta prevent tho administration of a dose of cruolty to a miserablo mania) who, aa Mr. Read says, would certainly havo committed self-destruction if tho treatment had boen adoptod. It is much mero pleasant to read cf, and atilt mero te soe, the Kind treatment of Dr. Manning, who is not a bo'iever in tho whacking system. It Ecoms to me to havo beon a vory fortunate thing for tho credit of Victoria in particular, and tho Aug. traliaa colonies ia goneral-that tho lit lo affair be- tween Jonee and Alexander came to light, But for tho disclosures resulting from tho actions and cross actionB between those gent'emon, there was romo ranger that tho virus of corruption would have infected moat of th3 Legislative flock. Aa it «as, although thore Wis not quite a msjority of the Viotoria Amenably in favour of tho talen'.ed Jones, Ibero wai a largo sympa- thising minority, whose follow-feeling ho euccessfully appoaled to when ho declared that the head and front of bis oflcnding had this extent, no more- that be bad simply dono tho best ho could for hia own interests ! And, prov, what eho does a man go into Parliament for? If he does net look after his own interests who elso wi'l look after them ? Really I rogard Jones aa a martyr-ho has told the truth, and eo far he has acted honestly. Bat y au soo it is dangerous al way 3 te toll tho truth, and tho Parliament of Victoria won't stand it quietly. They are resolved to give no quarter to " Quarterman," and ecom determined to smash "Glass" imo ahivoreens. Thoy talk of finding these individuals " Uro thousand pounds," besides bat-ding them over to tao custody of tho Sorgeant-at-Arras, Tho uno is bad enough, but what will tho Sergoant do with them ? The latter part of tho punishment will, wo trust, bo remitted, or tho Sergeant will be tho greatest Bufferer. 