GENERAL NlftVS. , TIIE COUNT VOX ATTEMS. - A Batavian paper of November 29, states that an attempt Was made by the "Count Von Attorns,", whose real name is Kurt Sehmalz, to cseapo from the gaol at Sourabaya ; he was disguised in tlio clothing of his servant, and had got as far as the outer gato of the prison, when a Javanese watchman laid hold o£ him, aud with the assistance of tho military guard, brought him back to his place of confinement. It is also stated in another paper that tho Hamlet's Ghost was sold at public auction 011 December 4, for 2500 guilders, which is about £208. A HATTY MINISTRY.-Tho Empire1 a Bris bane telegram says :-At the banquet at the opening of the railway line to..Allow, yester day, Mr. Taylor, tho Minister for Lands, grossly insulted the Hon. Mr. Macalister, the Minister for Works, and the. Hon. Mr. Douglas, the Postmaater-General. calling the former a paltry attorney. TIIE: BORDER TKADE. -Last "Wednesday, in tho Victorian Assembly, in reply to a statement mado by Mr. lCerferd that the law had been infringed by Albury merchants, Mr. Vale said he should bo prepared to deal in tho most severe manner with any infrac tion of the bond with their Government, yet the Border Treaty if carried out in its literal sense would at once drive the South Rive rine trade to South Australia, whereas they had now the benefit of the Port trade, and did not lose more than about Is per case. He added that he feared tho information arose from local jealousies ratlier than a real desire to bring the infraction of tho law before tho Government. The Hon. Thomas Holt, of " The Warren," Cook's River, is about to erect a suitable monument to Captain Cook, close to tho spot whore ho first landed in Australia. The Ballamt Even in// Post of Wednesday states that a requisition to Mr. C. E. Jones, asking him to oifer himself for re-election in Ballarat West, was being numerously signed. Our contemporary adds, somewhat gratui tously, that Mr. Jones would deliver to the doctors a defence. of his conduct, which would "be of.such a liaturo as to silence his . enemies for ever." _ ' 'H.M.S. GALATEA.--We are informed that II.M.S. Galatea, after leaving this port, will proceed to Wellington and Auckland, and 1 liis Itoyal Highness proposes also to visit ? Lyttelton, Cliristchurch,-and Hokitika. Ar-. ? rangements have been' mado by the General Government of Now Zealand for an inspec tion by their royal visitor of tlio country in. the vicinity of the Waikato, Tauranga, and the lakes. It is probable that the Galatea ;will call at Norfolk Island ; but it is not cer tain whether he will visit Tahiti, where it is .said the inhabitants are looking forward with anxiety for his arrival. It is intended to visit Japan, and the vessel will probably I touch also at Petropaulovski and the Russian I settlements on the Amoor Biver, reaching | China about the mouth of September, and Calcutta in November, next. It is stated :that the Dnko will remain in India during the cool season, taking his departure thence in February or March, 1070. Ceylon and Mauritius will be visited on the homeward voyage, and the Galatea will pay another visit to tho Cape of Good Hope, probably reaching home in August, 1870. --Empire, A GOOD specimen of Australian mutton was exhibited in Bourke-street, yesterday. The carcase weighed 1561b, and was that of a sheep bred by Mr. W. Hoffman, at Essen don. It would bo interesting, in a pastoral sense, to know what area is required to sup port a iloclc of this description, as compared ' with the ordinary run of . sheep.--Argus, March 11. IN the Victorian Assembly a select com mittee has been appointed to make a search ing investigation into charges of bribery and corruption made against different members during the trial of the cause Alexander versus Jones. Several have circumstantially charged Mr. Butters with having bribed Jones and others to secure the passing of the Quieting Titles Bill last session. These charges were denied by Mr, Butters, but others are about to be made against him.-Empire. A twenty-four pound nugget has been found at Berlin. : ALEXANDER V. JONES.-The libel case of Alexander v. Jones, which occupied the Supreme Court'for three days last week, was concluded on Saturday night. Tho result, though probably very unsatisfactory to the parties most concerned, was nevertheless generally anticipated. The evidence given on both sides was voluminous and of a most conflicting character. Tho plaintiff and defendant contradicted each other point blank, and were each subjected to cross-ex aminations which, while giving some rather humiliating glimpses into their past history and general ideas of honour and probity, did not in any way weaken their several assertions as to the main point at issue between them. The plaintiff swore that he had paid £60 to the defendant, and for corroboration of his statement referred to certain circumstances, which tended to prove that the sum of money in question had been collected for the defen dant, and had been entrusted to tho plaintiff for delivery. Tho actual payment of the ] money to tho defendant was not sworn to by by any one except the plaintiff, whose state ment was met by an explicit denial on tho part of tho defendant. Tho hypothesis on which the defence was based was that the ' plaintiff, being entrusted with tho money, appropriated it to his own use. Tliero was not a tittle of direct or circumstantial evidence in proof of this. The jury retired. to consider tlieir verdict at ton minutes before six o'clock, aud were shut up until mid-niiglit, when they stated that there was no possi bility of their ever coming to an agreement, and were discharged. We understand that six of tho twelve were in favour of giving a verdict in favour of the plaintiff, and that six held opposite views. Of the latter, how over, one dectared his belief that the plaintiff had paid the defendant tho £60 in question, and could not therefore give a verdict adverse (to him so far as that fact went. The jury may, therefore, bo said to have boon-divided thus-for plaintiff, soven; for defendant,' live.-Argun. HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS.-Ab scesses, Erysipelas, Piles-Unvarying success, attends all who treat diseases according to the simple printed directions wrapped round each pot and box. Thoy nro invaluable to tho young aud timid, whoso baslifulness sometimes endangers life. A little attention, moderate perseverance, and trifling expense will enable tho most diffident to conduct any case to a happy issue, without oxposiug secret infirmities to anyone. The Ointment arrests tho spreading inflammation, restrains tho excited vessels, cools the '.over-heated skin, alleviates throbbing and smarting pains, and gives great ease. Tho samo directions also clearly point out when and how Holloway.s Pills ate'to bo taken, that their purifying and regulating powers may assist l>y adjusting and strengthening tho cOnstitiition. 