THE COUNTRY. A Local Jodhnal staU-3 that ft number of people in th8 Beadigo district have already adopted the recommendation of the Control Board of Health, by getting thamselves re vaccinated. A Daylesfoud paper ot yesterday says : — ' We somfttime siuca annonncod that Mr J. C. Kimer had recovered Irom tlie injuries received by him fivo weeks nijo whiio travelling from Castlemaino to Daylesford. Mr Rainer had, however, a relapse which confined him to bis room again, but he is now alinoat quite well, and able to attend to business.' The Ballarat Evening Paper of yesterday states that it has been informed on good authority that ft ilrnnk-n fellow made his ap pearance on tho Miucra' Eiceoourso at Sabas topol on Saturday afternoon while a cricket match was being played, and brandished a large knifo with which ho threatened to kill some one. He bo thoroughly intimidated the cricketers aud spectators tbat the greater portion of them took to their heels and ran away as fast as they could. No attempt seems to have been made to arrest the ruffianly in truder. The lut a oppoituno rains have greatly cheered thu gruzitrs and farmers about tbe Rosedale district, particularly those who suf fered by the late extensivo bush fires. Whero but a fuw weeks since tha earth was black from burnt grass and leaves, there is now a luxu riant growth of herbage, iu many places fully four inches iu height, giving quite an appear ance of springtide to the pastures. The good effect is uiso apparent iu the upueurance of the cattle, who aro already showing signs of im provement iu their condition. Another boon has beon thu partial filling up of several water holes, which had succumbed to tho drought of the early purt of the season. Mr. liiouYE has received ordera from Messrs Clarke aud Co. to close tbe share list for the Waterworks Compimy, which has boun accord ingly done. Altuough this enterprise has en countered a very lukewarm receptiou at tho seems that tho Melbourno shareholders uro de termined to carry it out. One thing very much iu f&vor; of the venture is the fact that, for domestic purposes, tho water near the township in Major's Creek is totally unfit for use, and tho town is now supplied with water actually brought from tho Goulburn river, which id in very great demand. Local industries appear to thrive at Rose dale. Mr Cansiok, of the KosediUo tannery, shipped last week, per Maid of Juduh, several tons of leather, with a view to try the Eng lish market, aud has sent down this week tno tons moro for shipment per jirst homeward vessel. Such enterprise is worthy of commen dation, and had we, observes a, local paper, but better means ol exporting our produce, there is little reason to doubt that much capi tal at present lying unproductive in North Gipps Land would find profitable opportunities for its investment, benefiting both capitalist and artisan. The Alherton Shire Council htrve called a publio meeting for the 2nd March, to consider tho advisability of constructing a cheap line of railway between Welshpool and Sale. This, says a Salo newspaper, is certainly about tho twentieth time that our worthy friends of South Gipps Land have raisod this ghost of the Port Alb^rUud Sale Bijitfiy, XllOj j£,igl,t jr,»l as sensibly expend thoir surplus energies in un at tempt to organise a company to raiso the wind without any regard to the commercial capabili ties of their district, or a company which is to give everybody everything without submitting ttiem to the vulgar necessity of working for a living. The Beaufort paper sayB : — ' The largest snake we havo heard of in tho colony was killed on Wednesday, on tho west side of tho Mount Cole ranges. It appears that two men, one on foot and tbe other mounted, v.ero going through the scrub, whou the pedestrian, who was some yards iu advance of uis companion, baw a monster snake coming (as ho thought) directly towards him. He ran buck, and the horseman, being armed with u gun, ut once shot the reptile dead. It was found to mea sure over fourteen feet in length, und is de scribed as being about the thickness of a man's thigh. Our informant (a perfectly reliable person) Bays the specimen wus of a land quite Btrange to him, itn color being of a shining silvery grey. The defunct suaku was taken to Avoca by some drajineu, und it is to be hoped it will be preserved for scientific examina tion.' A Most melancholy and fatal accident hap pened en Tuesday, 2nd February, in York street, Sale. About three o'clock on tho afternoon of that day, Mrs Smith, of St. Leonards, accompanied by hor daughter, Mra Jahnson, with an infant, wore returning home in a buggy. When passing Mr Jensen's tim ber yard tbe horse suddenly becuinu fractioua, and defying all attempts to restrain him, started off at a awift gallop, suddenly swerved from tho road, brougut the vehicla into eon tuct with a stump, and upset the conveyance, the occupants being precipitated violently out. Several persons who happened to be in the vicinity ruBhed to tbe scone, and perceiving the unfortunate ladies were much injured, promptly procured medical assistance. Mrs Smith was placed in a waggonette for the pur nnan nf Imittrr f.nntmvuil fn t)-n liAonitnl Knf olia expired ero she reached that institution. Mrs Johnson was found to have suffered very serious injuries, her leg having beon very badly fractured. Marvellous to relate, the in fant escaped entirely unscathed. Mrs Johnson was admitted into the hospital, where she is progressing satisfactorily. : ? The following paragraph appeared in a Ballarat puper of yeBterday : — ' On Friday evening the bur of tbe Brunswick Hotel, Sturt street, was the Bceno of a little horsewhipping affair, the facts of which as related to ns are as follows : — Some time ago, when Mr John Ran dall, the plaintiff iu Randall v. Hunt, heard in the County Court on Friday, was a lodger nt Hunt's Hotel, he addressed a letter to the landlord complaining ot the behavior of ono nf tbe waiters. The reault of this complaint, strengthened by others from Mr O. Randall, was that tho waiter was discharged, but a fow months hack was again taken into the service of Mr Hunt, who then gave the man tho letter received from Mr John Randall, and the waiter, it is alleged, satisfactorily explained tha clmrges contained therein. However, smarting un der the insult of his summary dismisHul, he resolved to have his revenge, and accordingly waited an opportunity to bo even with Mr Randall, whom he regarded as bis detractor. Accordingly on Friday evening be met tho MeasrB Randall in the Brunswick Hotel, and having produced the letter, demanded of the brothors, and especially Mr John Randall, an explanation of their conduct or substantiation of the charges made. The waiter was told that the Messrs Randall wished to have nothing to say to him ; aud finding at tho end of somo minutes that his purpoBe was not to bo gained, he rained his cano and gave Mr John Randall several blows, uud when Mr Charles Randall interfered ho repeated the treatment on him. Several personB were in the bar at the time, ami were tipplied to for help on behalf of the MesBra Randall, but this, we understand, thoy declined to afford. Since writing tho foregoing we havo heard that Mr C. Randall an) tho waiter, whose name we have not learned, met on Satarday night in Sturt-itreet, near tho Catholic Church, and that Mr Randall was then severely as saulted.' WiTn reference to tha forgery on Messrs Lan dale. for which a man of thu mimn of Tittlo was recently cominitird for trial by the City Bench, the Pastoral Times says : — ' Tho se cond man, who is nos, yet taken, iB called Fors ter, and thuy hud both recently left Peat ridge. Tho lutttr ia represented as an accom plished forger — a epk-ndid delineator of signa tures. Both men passed through Deniliquin on a trip overland to Hyduey, and in going through Deniliquin they lnuuaged to secure, at a store on the north gido, » cheque drawn by Landalo Brothers, which enabled the forgers to operate. As they were known to have been so ro cently discharged from Pentridge, they were suspected, and woro under tho surveillance of tho detectives— particularly of one of tho prin cipal officers, detective Johu Williams, whose affection for Tittle itnd Forster has been of the nost tender kind, always looking after tbe health of the erring mortals. As tho alleged forgers moved about from place to place their movements were known, until all of a sudden tho men were lost sight of ; eventually .Tittle was discovered ia Sydney, finely dressed, bnt rather 'loud.' He is provided for ; aud unless Forster haB left the country it is likely that he will join his late companion iu crime. Messri Landale, we ore glad to say, do not lose tho money; the fault 13 with thu Bank of Victoria, where more care should have been taken iu cashing for a stranger so largo a cheque as £1500.' 