ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE BUCKLAND, MAILS. lo the Editor of the Ovens and Murray' Advertiser. Sir, — In your last Saturday's issue, your local correspondent mentions a memorial- :from hero on the above sub ject.. - After making inquiries, I can learn nothing of this memorial ; but I may mention that, knowing tho feeliug here, I, directly on the change taking place, wrote to the Deputy Po3tmaster- General, who, with his well-kuown courtesy, im mediately promised to make inquiries, and likewise gave his reasons for the change. As we indulged in a good deal of grumbling, it is nothing but fair that the public should know Mr Turner's reasons for the alteration, which, from" a Melbourne point, is right enough. Mr Turner pointed out that by the new arrangement, letters leaving Melbourne on Saturday morning would reach the Buckland on Monday, in place of Tues day — one clear day gained. The weekly Melbourne papers arrive now, however, also ou Mouday, in place of Saturday, and this is thought a greater hardship here than waiting one day a week for letters. The authorities here have, how ever, already been communicated with by Mr Turner, and there is no doubt in a few days the old arrangement will again be resumed. — I remain, sir, yonrs re spectfully, WALDEMAR BANNOW. Buckland, June 30th. . Sucking Squatters in Queensland. — A writer in a London sporting con temporary, in au article on Queensland, gives a description, of which the sub joined is au extract, of an amusing class of " new chums" there : — " We were at once introduced to the drones, or sucking sqnatters, that are always to be found liangiug about such large stations, a number of useless young men from Eng land, who, with inouetarj' expectations, are the pride and glory of themselves for the fanltlessness of their costume in boots, belts, and breeches, whilst they are the sly laughing-stock of all real working bushmeu. Ono youug fellow with a beard and splendid moustache lay on the sofa iu boots, spurs, belt, pouch, bowie-knife, aud breeches, with. an elabo rate meerschaum pipe in his mouth, smoking strong uegrohead tobacco, to bis excessive inconvenience, but he wished to appear fond of it. His time was passed in shiftiug his quarters from the couch to his bedroom, in order to find a cool seat, for tbe weather was excessively warm. In his bedroom was a collection fit for any museum, and enough stuff to fit ont half a dozen exploring parties, iu the shape of guns, riile3, revolvers, pistols, canteens, spurs, saddles, bridles, packs, bolsters, saddle-bags, and valises, with leather suites, gaiters, shirts, socks, and trousers, collars by the gross, automaton or magic cooking apparatus, pots for boiling water with spirits, aud all the numerous useless paraphernalia of young men with ample means, who have never dono a hand's turn in their lives. So fond mamas and liberal fathers are in j the habit of starting their cherishod ! offspring to seek their fortunes at the | Antipodes, whore we aro all supposed to j bo destitute of everything except the pelt j nature has wrapped us in. All day our I friend tried to smoke, lighting and re- | lighting his pipe, which was evidently a ; great nuisance to him, but must be kept going, for fear people .should take him for a new chum— of which there could not be tho slightest doubt. When not drawing at his pipe he cursed the wretched country into which it had been bis mis fortune to be cast, or wrote highly imaginative letters to his mamma, detail ing the hardships he supposed he suffered in this miserable colony. Whilst in conversation, the overseer assured us, in speaking of the prospects of the new chums, that this one, during the twelvo months he had beeu at Yundilla, had never visited a single statiou, aud could not count the rams, let aloiio a flock of sheep, if it was to savo his lifo. But being in expectation of a capital in thou sands, all this was toloruted, aud a great deal more, taking into consideration ihat ho was a good-tempered fellow, and not a bad partner at whist. The son of a military officer, he could talk of tbe mess, play billiards, and possessed a fund of other useless accomplishments for a colonist — a style of education that never succeeds when men are left to their own resources; but such persons are always tolerated because of their capital, which sooner or later falls iuto some sharper man's pocket. But whilst this element so rarely succeeds, naval and seafaring men, more, in, the habit of understanding sand coming "in contact with the raw material "of human nature— dealing with men- initho rough— are generally as suc- cessfulJft8",the be- breechloaded, patent meerschaum" pipe; gentlemen ' make a mess of it." : Cuba. — A most brutal and ' cowardly assnsinatiohof a yon rig Cuban .lady, tbe daughter of Siguor Aldamo, who is of one of the best families in Cuba, is reported in the San .Francisco Bulletin. While the Cuban revolutionary song was sung in the theatre, the young lady appeared in one of the boxes .with the American flag across her breast, on which was in scribed "Long live the Republic of Cuba," and at the conclusion of the song the itlidieuce rose and cheered her. While all eyes were bent upon her, a Spaniard rose in the pit, levelled his revolver, and shot her, killing her in stantly. ' " Two. American gentlemen occupied the box adjoining Senorita Al- dama.' and one of them seeing the assassin pointing his revolver at her, also, drew his revolver and shot the Spaniard through .the head. . Instantly the wildest confusion arose, and the Spanish troops placed outside (it is said purposely to take ' advantage of any confusion i arising) rushed iu and commenced firing . npon the mass of unarmed men and women huddled- together in the pit, killing and wounding from 100 to 200 persons. The wildest excitement pre vailed in Havana the next day, and conflicts with the troops . had taken place. It was expected martial law wertild-be proclaimed. i Cattle Stealing. — It is a matter for ' i regret (says the Gippsland Times ) that j our stock-owners and farmers ' do not , show more energy in adopting some j means to protect themselves from the | depredatioas of the cattle- lifting vaga bonds at present carrying on their trade (for a veritable trado it seems to ba) in our very midst. Associations have been : formed, and are in oourseof forming, iu ; other districts of Victoria, and also in j New South Wales ; and it is strange that ' our otherwise active and enterprising residents should fail to get up a meeting I for the purpose of endeavoring to defend i themselves from this . spreading evil. If j a goodly number of our leading station owners and farmers were to form au J union, and use their best endeavors in j their respective localities, to ferret out ! tbe biding places of these ready handed ! rascals, they would soon fiud their ! exertions rewarded, " By these and simi- i lar means the bands of our people would be strengthened in their attempts to bring the guilty parties to light, and it would greatly facilitate theui in securing the necessary evidence and following up tho proper scent. The current season is the finest for stock we ( Pastoral Times J over remember in Riverina — the vast plains look like richly- grassed home paddocks, and many of them could be mown with advantage, so high is the grass. From all the great breeding and fattening stations in the north of New South Wales we hear of abundance of grass and water, affording some compensation for losses in the last dry season. The cry is now with pur chasers of pastoral property, for cattle stations, for which there is a very good j demand, but, as a rule, buyers are not j disposed to give high prices for them, , and sellers will not lower their terms. Spring Creek Gold-field. — It is stated that from the opening . of the Spring Creek gold-fields up to the pre sent time 26,826ozs. of gold have been purchased by the local bunks with cash amounting to nearly £120,000. This, it must be remembered, is independent of what has been sold at Sandhurst and Heathcote, and it is not at all so bad for a gold-field that was looked upon very suspiciously bofore the rain fell. A Special Grace. — " The Bishop of Mayence," says Goethe, " once delivered a sermon against drunkenness, and, after paiuting in tho strongest colors tho evils of over-indulgence, concluded as fol lows : — ' But the abuso of wine does not exclude its use, for it is written that wine rejoices the heart of man. Probably there is no one in my congregation who cannot drink four bottles of wine without feeling any disturbance of bis seuses ; but if any man at tbo seventh or eighth bottle so forgets himself as to abuso aud strike his wife and children, and treat his friends as enemies, let him look into liis conscience, and in future always stop at tbe sixth bottle. Yet if, after drink ing. eight, or even ten or twelve bottles, he can still take hi3 Christian neighbor j lovingly by the hand, and obey the | orders of his spiritual and temporal I superiors, let them thankfully drink bis j niodost (sic) draught. He must be I careful, ho-.vover, as to taking any more, for it is seldom that Providonco gives any j oue tho special grace to drink sixteen | bottles at a sitting, as it has enabled j mo, its unworthy servant, to do, withont j either neglectiug my duties or losing my temper.'-" A Race for a Life. — Pondicherry is oue of the few relics of that old French influence iu India which once struggled, on tolerably oqual terras, with our own. There is still a garrison there. Months ago e young corporal of French sepoys, Thouveniu byname, blew up a powder magazine. The penalty, not altogether unreasonable, would have been death, but there was no tribunal at Pondi cherry competent to pronounce such a sentence. The criminal, accordingly, had to be sent as far as the island i of Reunion to be there tried, con- I victed, and condemned. After a loDg ; voyage he arrived, and the courts of justice duly performed their functions. ' It seemed rather hard to bring a young man such a distance only to tell him j legally that ho must die, and there was i really an outburst of sympathy with him i when it becamo kuown that the law ' required him to be carried back and exo- j cuted where lii3 crime had been com- | mitted. Nevertheless he was taken on , board a war ship, the Somme, and commenced bi3 horrible voyage back. Tbe thing seemed so inhuman — the long : agony which he must have already endured seemed such ample atouement that the sentence was speedily commuted, and another vessel, the fastest in the port, snilod from Reunion with a reprieve, . hoping to -overtake the Somme. Since the chase across the Atlantic after . Mnller, there lias been no more exciting : ocean race. In both cases a man's life ; was the stake, but now it was mercy, 'not justice, that pursued. We have all read about the last hours of condemned cri minals, but here wns an agouy extending over months — a dreary sickening .journey to death — not in a cart or tumbril, through a few crowded streets, but over hundreds of louely miles at sea. Which vessel won ? At this particular climax one of the chapters comes sensation ally to an end, as is, the way in real life, even more than, in .novels. "Whether the ' Somme did. or. did . not reach Pondicherry . before the yessel despatched on an errand of mercy, is still unknown. True ; but. something else is also knoivn— to' ivit, that- . it . does hot really matter whicli of! tke.lwo ;won the race ! The teiegraph has. told Pon dicherry from P«?is that : ,Thouvenin's life is to be spared;';and as Pondicherry has happily been ; able to telegraphy in reply, ...that; neither vessel had arrived , the) poor . creature is,. safe. Safe ! That is a strong word to iise. What a strange coiiclrision to n strange tale it would he, and what an irony on human effort it would seem, if the Somme sank with all hands, and the captain of the pursuing vessel, arriving with the pardon, waited for . weeks and weeks, ODly to learn at last that the pardoned man had escaped from being .shot by. being drowned! The -thought. .is, perchance, fastaslic-; but fs it half so strange, half so startling, as the . actual incidents sug gesting it? Special Magistrates. — In the coarse of an article in tho Wallaroo Times on the Local Court system tho following sentences occur — "It is "a matter of notoriety in one district that the special magistrate, who at ono time had a small partnership in a large commercial firm, was appointed to his office on tho re commendation of the senior meinbor of that firm, because he was found to be too deficient in ability to be entrusted with tho management of business. There is another district iu the colony where a large amount of litigation is saved by tbe introduction of a system replete with injustice aud wrong. Both plaiutifl's aud defeudauts earwig the magistrate in " chambers," aud having learnt his opinion decide whether to pressor defend their suits. If a person threatened with an action finds that an opinion has been given adverse to his case, he pays rather thau throw money away by going into court. There are but few persons who could frequently attend oar local courts without arriving at the conclusion that the decisions given are often, besides being inconsistent with law, irreconcilable with common seuse. It is an open question whether the special magistrates, destitute as they are iu the majority of instances of legal lore or training, would not do well to ignore the law altogether, and attempt to take a common seuse view of tho case. The little smattering of law they unavoidably pick up only seems to coufuse them, thus illustrating the old and true proverb — " a little knowledge is a daugerous thing." The anomaly of a practical lawyer , arguing cases and raising points of law before special magistrates, who, he well knows, not having had a legal education, am utterly unable to follow him, deserves at once to be put an end to. It necessarily entails a great hardship upou pour suitors or defendants. Should the plaintiff employ a lawyer aud tbe defendant be unable to scrape up tho necessary guinea or two, he must be a poor lawyer indeed who could not so embarrass the defendant and bamboozle the unprofessional bencli with legal subtleties as to obtain a certain verdict. If - it be objected that pro fessional men of note would require larger salaries thau the miscellaneous collection - of special magistrates now sitting, to recompense them for. retiring from prac tice, the answer is ready to bo given. They should have their circuits, when fewer magistrates would be required; Either n Loudon police magistrate or an Euglish County Court judge would got through a month's civil and criminal business on the Peninsular with ease in three hours. And even if the expense should be something greater, the colony would gaiu incalculably in the quashing of nnmorous committals in which there is not the ghost of tho chance of a con viction being sustained, and iu tho cer tainty which would attend the adminis tration of justice in civil cases." Scarcity of Servants.— Steps are being taken to obtain the establishment of an immigration depot at Sale. Good domestic servants and farm labourers aro in constant demand in. North Gipps Land ; and it cortainly seems absurd tbat the town situate iu tho very centre of the population of the district should be without a local labour mart, necessi tating a journey on8 hundred miles to and from Palmevston iu quest of a servant, perhaps to find that they had all beeu " free selected" by tbe Southern residents almost immediately on arrival. This isgenerallythe case; and thus, uuder the existing arrangement, South Gipps Landenjoj's analmost exclusive monopoly ofthe immigrant laborers -male and female — notwithstanding that they are supposed to be sent down by the Government for the benefit of the whole district. The least that can be done is to allow U3 an equal chanco. An office aud ' a res ponsible officer appointed as agent would suffice for all our present requirements, as it is scarcely likely that more than two or three days would be required to dispose of say half a scoro laborers at a time. — Times. Results of Land Act, 1885. — In addressing tho Assembly, the Chief Secretary read the following statement, for the purpose of showing what had been the result of the Land Act of 1865, with regard to the production of cereals : — In 1865 we imported into this colony 19,568 tons of flour, of the value of £452,854 ; iu 1866 we imported 14,414 tons, of the value of £259.000, in round numbers ; iu 1867 we imported 3,201 tons, of the value of £43,078 ; in 1868 wo imported 2,044 tons, of the value of £42,196 ; and this year, during the first quarter, - we have imported 298 tons, of the value of £4,368. Thus, tho importatiou of grain has diminished, notwithstanding the increase in the population. ; for, since the year 1864, the population has in creased by 109,646 persons, or. about one-sixth. "With regard to the settlo- .ment returns— the returns of tbe poople settled upon tho lands.:— under; the 12th section, 5,000 people have settled upon the lauds, holding an average of 280 acres each; while, undor the 42ud clause, 12,S00 persons have taken up land, holding an average of thirty-eight acres each; and, as far us can be made out, these settlers have expended iu the way of improvements no less than £2,000,000. ..... How they Pay Editors in New Zea land.— It is well known, says the Wel lington Independent , " how few of the broadsheets of this colony enjoy, such a . pecuniary prosperity as to enable them '> to adequately remunerate superior literary ability; hence the tamo mediocrity so often betrayed by the columns of the New Zealand, press. But that there are instances to . the contrary, the following will servo to show. According to the Tuapeka Times, Mr Yogel has accepted the editor's chair of the Southern Cross at a salary of £1500 per annum. How ever liberal this may seem, it is by-.uo means an improvement in Mr VogePs pecuniary fortunes, for to our knowledge this gentleman received £900 a -year: as editor of the Otajo Daily Times .while in receipt of a contemporaneous' salary of - - £800 as Provincial Treasurer and .Secre tary."- Mr Yogel was formerly editor'of the Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser. 