READINGS IN ROMANISM. No. 9. " Deceiving, and being deceived."- — St. Paul. .. Bir J. S. . /, The readers of wanaqra have had5 pre sented to their notice: many .specimens of the idolatous teaching of the Eomish Church relative to the; Virgin Mary. Many of these specimens are audatious and revolting beyond description. They cannot be read by any right minded person, with other feelings, .than those of horror and indignation. Dr. Pusey, whose leanings towards Borne, have long been notorious, appears to have been staggered by the blasphemy of its teachings on this subject, and has there fore in his hook entitled Eirenicon, collected a number of offensive passages from the writings of Saints, Bishops. &c.; Dr.. Newman, who it will he re membered, was originaly a clergyman of tho Church of England at Oxford, and the author of several of the most notorious Tracts for the Times, and who so far profited by Dr. Pusey's teaching as to join the Church of Rome, has written a long letter ' to his old master, in which he disclaims against the views put forth in the extracts produced by Dr. Pusey; not however venturing to deny their correctness.' Our Beading is taken form this letter. If Dr.' New man's disclamer is worth anything, if he is not playing at tho little game of men tal reservation, then it must be suffi ciently evident, that in the conversion of such men as Newman, Ffoulkes, and others, what the Eomish Church lias ob tained, is not all clear gain, hut that she has received into her bosom an element winch may iu the Providence of God be destined- to produce some great revolu tion. Let us hope and pray that such may he the case. The following is Dr. Newman's disclaimer : — After sucli expluntions, and with siieli au thorities, to clear my .path, I put away froin me as you would -wish;, 'without . any , 'hesitation, as matters in whioh my; heart . and' reason liavo no part, (wlien taken in' lihoiv literal and absolute sense, as any Protcstant y-puld , naturally take them, and as tho .writers doubtless did mot uso them,) such sentences, and phrases, as these : — that tho mcrcv of Mary is. infinite;, that- God lias resigned; into her hands His. omnipotence ; that (unconditionally)! it is safer to scck her than her Son; thas; tho Blessed Virgin is suporior to God; that He is (simply) .Bubjoct, to, her com mand ; that our Lord is . now of tlio same dis position as his Fathcr to wards simiors, viz., a disposition to reject thorn, while Mury takes His place us an Advocato with Father and Sou: that the saints aro more ready to intercede with Jesus than Jesus with the Father; that Mary is ;tlie only rcfiigo'of -those; with' whom : God is angry; that Mary alone. can obtain a Protes tant's conversion ; tlmt> it would, have sufficed for the salvation olVmon if our Lord liad died, not tpjobey His Father, but to. defer to the decree of his mother ; tlmfc slio /rivals' our Lord in being God's daughter, . .not .by ; .'adoption, but by a .kind of: nature ; that Clirist fiilfillod tho office of Saviour by .imitating lier, virtues,; that as the Incarnate ; God bore .tlic' ; imago of His Father, .so Ho bore tho imago, of his Mother; that redemption dorived from Christ indeed its sufficiency, but. from Mary its beauty autl love liness ;. that as wo avo clothed with the, merits of Christ so we are clothed with tlio .merits of Mnry ; .that, as Ho is Priest in a like senso she is Priestess : that His Body and Blood; in the Eucharist are truly hers aud appertain to lier ; that as He is present and received " therein, so is slio present and rccoived , thorcin ; that Priests nre ministers as of Christ, so of Mary ; (hat elect souls arc born of God and Mary ; that tho Holy Ghost brings into, l'ruitfulncs ;his action by lier, producing, .in her and by her Jesus Christ in His membors ; that tho kingdom of God in our souls,' 'as our Lord speaks, is really the kingdom of Mary in tho soul — mid she and the Holy Ghost produco in tlio. soul extraordi nary things-— and when tho Holy. Ghost finds Mary ' in a sold, He flics there. Sentiments such us thefo I. no ver- knew. of. till I read your book, nor, as J think,, do tho vast majority of English Catholics know them. Tlicy seem to mo.fliko ..a dad . droam. .1 could not liavo conceived them to 1)6 said, I know not to -what, authority, to go to .for , them, to Scrip ture, or to tlio Fathers, or to- the decrees of Councils, or to -tlic consent ol schools, or to tho tradition of faitliful, or. to -the Holy:, See, or. to Kcason. Tlicy defy, all the tow theologici. There is nothing of fliom iu ilic Missal, iu the .Eoiiiaii Catechism, iu tlic Ivoiuan lluccolUi, in the iiiiitu- tion' of Christ, in Gotlicrs, Clinlloner, Milncr, or -Wiseman, as far as I am aware. They do but soaro . and confuse mo I should not be holier, moro spiritual, more sure of per- severonee, if I twisted my moral being into the! reception of them ; I should be guilty of fulsome frigid flattery towards tho most up right and noble of God's creatures, if I pro fessed them,— and of stupid flattery too; for ' it would bo like tho compliment of paiuting up a young and beautifvl princcess with the brow of a Plato and. the muscle of an Achilles. And I should expect licr to tell ono of her people ' in waiting to. turn mo off lier servico. without warning. Whether thus to feel bo thelscandalum parvuloram in my case,' or the scandalum Pharisceorum, I leave others to decide ; I will say plainly that - 1 had rather believe (which is impossible) that there is no God at all, than that Mary is greater than God. I will have nothing to do with State ments, which can only bo oxplainod, by being explained away. I do not, however, speak of these statomonts, as they arc found in their authors, for I know nothing of the originals, and cannot beliovc that they have meant what you say : but I take them ns they lie in your pages. Wero any of them tho sayings of Saints in ecstasy, I should know they had a good meaning ; still I should not repeat them mysolf; but I am looking at. them, not ns spoken by the tongues of English men and English women. And, as spoken by man to man, in England, in the nineteenth century, I consider them calculated to prejudice inquirers, to frighton the unlearned, to unsettlo con sciences, to provoko blasphemy, and to work the loss of souls. 