L INGERERS' HASTENED. A normon delivered on Lord's day morning, Jannuary 12th, 1808, by 0, I. . Svunatono, it thle Motrololitan Tabernaaolo, Newington. "And whltl he hilao e ir t, M roh e 1ll fl l hotd thnon hI. hlena, tlo ohe IIul I tU hl, l le, and thI lhi nd i hli . wi ti nu, l ra I tlreo rrlrh bearo orll iner:illltl e ht n nhi ll lll, y brr-y aht hint' r urh nIld get him twllhol Iho t.city'-tlOllrll xli, to. LEven as Lot lingored lu Sotlom, awakenill sinners are opt to terry un ltg l their Sil anId un belief. Some few are saddenlly bItrouht to Uhriat, and, like Saul of Tarsus, within a fuw hours oni joy complere gospel liberty; but nanny othere are aunwlse children, and tarry long in the place or danger, loitering where they ought to hIasten, andi wastiog time whlch theyehotldidlligenly redeeoom. It is angolic work to quicken lithose who linger. 'The angels who descended to earth iln tlhe distuist of wayfarers did not disdain to fi employed in sndc a graclous ofice; and, if you andi I would be like angell, we must do as they did, takeproaraetlnnt leg sinners by tile hand, and endeavor to compel them to esenpe, constraininogthem to floo from the * wrath to come. It is a sign of God's great nteroy to any sonl when it hoea an anxious frlend to quicaken it pace heavenward and Christward. So the text tells us, " The Lord being amerliful unto shim." Let no unconverted person think it at annoyance to he rebuked for his via, or to be fre quootly exhorted to lay hold on etarnel Ilfe. It le a great loving.kindness from the Father of mercies tobe hbeset by the pereververvg earuestness olf believing friends. Look upon it ll that light, O young titan, over whom a mother yearns anxiously I for, if God's Iongsulleritl ill bearlg with you should load you to repentrlnce, muth m nore should this kinlness in sending you a conlt passionato friend constrain you to yelhl your heart to himi. Bless God every day trr kind. hearted relatives, who labor to guide vyou to hell Lord Jesusi you cannot have a gre:ter blessing. I thought, thslll moring, that porhaps the Lord might make nlo to some ofyou the angel of mercy, by enabling ale to lead you out of the Sodonm of your sine, and to conduct ynou into a state of pre seat salvation. Oh, how I long for this with eagerness of desire I flppy shall I be if I may win your souls, and, while you will rejoice in t it mercy given, Ishall rejoice exceedingly in beling the iastrument of it by the power of the Spirit. First, Tshall address a Ito words, this morn. Ing, to God's messengers; and thetn, secondly, to those who linger. 1\. First, I have to speak to Gon's iraes?nonas 1 hope they are very numerous in this church. Every believer shouldl be an ambassador from heaven. "As my Father hath sent 'n'."ald the Well-beloved, "oven so I send )u..' You are seot, my brethren, to gather together the lost asheop of the house of Israel, and, lige your Master, to seek noll to siave that wlhich lis lost. I speak solemnly to you whoi have wept over Jernuslem, and who are proving your true love to souls by your exertions for thlen, and I reminld you, in the first place, that it is a glorious work io seek to savne men, and that for its sake eynu should he willing toputl op with the greatest possible incon veotiencer. 'heo angels never helitated when they were bidden to go to Sodom They descendoed without demur and went alout their work with. out delay. Although the report ol Sodom's detestable iniquity had goneup o heaven, and the Lord would hear no longer with that filthy city, yet, from the purity of heaoven, the angels did not hesitate to deseondl to behold the Infamy of Sodom ; where God seat them, they failed not ti go. Note how the chllpter ltfore os hegins. I ihave thought it might be applied to the Itoly laborers in the dark lanes, laid courts, and houses of lnfasmy in this city. " I o-e came two angels to Sodom at even " \Yihat P Angels ? Did angels come to Sodom P To Sodom, und yet angels? Ay, and rione the less angello tIecanen they came to Sodom, but all tile more so, becoause in unquestiontimg obedience to their ,3hster's high beheste they soughlt out the elect one t Iliahis iamily, to deliver him anl his from impending destruction. IIowever near to Christ you i lly he, however much your character may be like that of your Lord, you who are called to such service must never say, " I cannot talk to these people, they are so depravedl and debabsedl; I cannot canter that haunt of slit to tell t I Jesus I I aickenu at the thought t its assolatiols ure al together too revolting to miy feclilnust" hbt, because you are there wanted, men of God, yrn must there he found. 'T'o whoio se ild tlhe Sphyslcian go but to the sick,ard where can the dlis. ." tributor of the alms of mercy find such a fitting ,o.:- pere as anlong thosa whose spirlitunl destilu tion is extreme? lie ye angels of mercy each one of you, and God speed you in yllour orl. saving workl As ye I uvo:received Uhriat Jesus iuto your hearts, so imitate him in your lives. -Let the'woman that is a aioner reeoive of your k' kindness, forJesus looked .on her with mercy; lot tile nmao whois he orn most madl with wicked. ness be sought after, for Jesus heated demotiacs ; let:no type of sin, however terrible, be thought by.yeu "to be beneath your pity or beyond your labor, but oeek ye out those whoi have wanducryd farthest, and sllnlchfrom the fnam the firebrands which are already smokingi it. Note agaln- I-still speak to those wir are messengers of God to men's souls-when you gn to lost- souls, you must, ,as liese didt, tell them plaoinly, their conditon and their danger. " Up,' asid they, "tor God will destroy thts place." If you really !log to sove men's souls, you mset oell'o. great deal of disagleeable truth. The' preachingof the wrath of 'God his come to be sneered at nowadays, and oven good -people' are half ashamed oJ it I ,a maandling seeatinientality about love iad 'goodness has hushed, In ' great leaesure, plain, gospel expostalotloins qdl 'waraniegs. iBut, my brethren, if we expect souls to bie eaved, we musat declare uallinehlogly owith all if. lirtnate S-fidelity, the terrors of the, Lord. " Welli" said .the Scoteh lad when he ihad listened to the minister who told his congregation that there -l ss-no bell, or at any rate only a temporary punishment, "Well," said 'ho, "I need not emie atid' hear this-man any longer, for itfit he as he says,i its lil right, and religion is of no conto. ..quencc,.oaudif.ltbe not as he says, then I must -not boar-him. gait, becauselhe will deceive me " -?'.Therefore,', says the apostle, "knowina the terrors.of the Lord we persuade men." Let riot modern squeamishnaess prevent plain speaking con cerning. everlasting torment; Are we to ,e more gentlelthan the apostles? Shall woe tie r wiser' tian- the-inspired preachers of the word P 'Until ivefeel our minds overshadowed with the Sdread thought of the sinner's doom we are not in a. fit frame for preaching to 'tlthe uaconvortcd. :WVcshall, nevoer persuade mooi if we are afrahl to ,apgakof the judgment and thle cordemnation oi tile n?righteooas. None so infllitcly gracious as our SLord Jesus Christ, yet noireatober ever uttered more faithful words of tIlunder than Ihe did. . It -woashe-who spoke of the llace "where thlleir \--worm dotithnot and'their fire is not quenchedtl " It wastaie who esaid,' "'l'hsesalill go arway into -ovsrlasting punlsimoent." It was he who spopke .ther 'parable concernnta thalt man il hell swho lobngdd for a drop of water to cool lilt tongie. .'Veomust. he as plain as Christ wase, as down. xigit in honesty to tho soula of me1, or we mtay becalledi to acconout for our treachery at the list. If we flatter our fellows ieto fonld dreams aus to ! ith.llttleness of future Iuonlsient, they will I slarnally-detest us for so deluding them, and- in the world:of hoe they will invokeo- porpetUsl Lcuros~epopo s for trasiug proiheoeed nauaatla -ib/hings,Xand having withuheld front thatm Iho awful Stpruth.O(h) ,? '+L',.+. Wlien we have affectionateoly and plainly told Sthe clnnerthat 'Cthe wieis of his in will . ho death, and that woe will comne upoi hie brcane Onbo bilsunbellef-W must go farlier, snil must, :'i'lthe nainof our 'LorId lests, exhort tha gui/tl Jonolrs. escPe from taie deserved desli'tcetion. QhOoiirye. that threse ongolt, thlougha they tatder too'd that God bid elected Lot to be saved, did -: eptiomit'apinle exhortation or leave the wsrk io itself, as thlohl it were to he lione by pretde. tination -apart from inetrumentality..: .They riid, .Arlsoi take i thywife atnt. thy two damugiee bto Imprnsie eceh adnatoitloos In Viant foee alId eagerness of love glearns in iaCh lentrealy I "Escape for thy life t look not Iellind thee, nelther stay thou in ll the pilaint eaCpoltto the montI tain, test than be coanltmed." Every word is quick andl powerful, decisive and -to the point. Houlls want much earnost expostulation and of. feclltioat exhorttlain, to constrain them to sotape from their own ruin. Were they wire, Ihe hare tnformation of their danger would be enough, annt tlhe proal cot of a happy esaupi would be sullckntot I but tley, as they are utterly unowie, a sou 1oid I anow, for we wore once aou, is lllay are, they masnt hU uIrged, ter" allunded, not entreated to Inok t to the Crucilled lhat thlley lny tlo saved. \Ua shoultd novesl Il tre come to hti"st unless dtiviou coatlaint had been laid upon roa, neither aill tlhy ; that constraint nsully corles by 'ilnsrumeitality I let us seek to ho etuch tlutruuln,;e. II It hard atIt Cbeen for earnlest voices that spoke to on, and earnest eachllere that iekronelcd to us to coose to the cross, we had never a moe. Lot us therefore repay the deht'we owe to Ithe church of God, and seek as mnluh as lietlt Illn s to do unto others as God ill his mercy hath done unto us. I beseech you, my brethretn. be active to persoutd mtoU with all your powers of reaesoing and argument, salting the whole. with terrs of cealctiorlt. Do not let any doctrinal notions slallnd in the way of the freest srasuuding when you are dealing with the mnilds of men, for sound doctrine is perfectly reconclleable therewith. I recollect great coam plaint belni: made against a sermon of aline, "Coepel them to come in," In which I spoke with much tenderness for souls. That aermot was sslid to be Arminian and unasnond. Brethren, it is a small matter to me to be judged of men's judgment, for my Master out Ils seal on that mes sager I never preached a Ierrman by which so rrany soulse were won 'to God, as our OChurch nretilgs can tostify; and all over the world, whore tile sormon thas been scattered, sinners lave been saved through its Instrutmentality, and, therefore, if it ton'vile to exhort sinure, I purposeo to be viler still. I nm'as firm a believer in thie doctrines of grace as any mtna living, and a true Calvinist after the order of Jollhn Calvitn himself; Stut if it bhe thought an evil thing to bid the slunor lay hold on eternal life, I will be yet more evil In this respect, and heroin imitate my Lord and lhis apostles, who, though they thought that aalvation is of grace, nod grace alone, feared not to speak to men as ratlonal tlingls and roe sponsible ngdets, antd bid them "strlvo to enter in at tile strait gate," and "lahour not for the meat which perishtotl, but for that meat which ot,"': untoevorllnstigl tie." Ieloiod friendp, clrug to the great troth of alooting love and divinte sovereignty, but let not thrse blnd you in falters when, in tile power of the Holy Ghost, you be comae fisers of maen. Learn, still forther, from the case before us, where words soalica tint, as they frequently will tiot. !/oal must radopt other mo les of pressure. The angel tookl them by tile Ihtid. I have much faith dtiler God in close dealings wi'h men; personal entreaties, by the power of thie Iloly Spirit, do wonders. To grasp a man's hand while you speak with hi may he wise and helpful, lor sometiuees, if you can get.one by the hand and slhow yonr anxioty by pleading with him, God will bless ii. It is well to cast your words, as mena drop pebbles into a well, right down Into tho depth of the soul, qilatly, solemnly, when the man is alona. Often is such a nmeans ffeotual where the preucher with his sermon hias labored in vain.If you cannot win men by wolds, you must say to yourself, " what can I doP" And go to the Lord with thle same enquiry. By tile per tinacity of your enrnestness you must trouble them lntp thoulghtltness. Asby contloual coming the womann w, tritl tIh unjust Jadge, so do you by your continutl anrxiety and perseverance weary them li their siens till they will lain give you a little iheod in order, if possiblo, to tIe rid of you, if for nothing else. If you cannot reach Ihema because they will not read the Bible, vet you can thrust a good honk inr their way, whieb mea say to Ihelr what yiou cannot sly; you e.l write thenl a letter, short but earnest, and tell thetal how you feel ; you cat, conltinuo in prayer for rthemt you can stir up tile arm of God, and bieseechl the Most High to comne to the rescue. 'there have tbeen cares in which, when everything else hais failed, a tear, the tear of dirppointed love, has donea the work. I think it was lrr. iKnill who, one day, when dis trihltlill tracts nmoln?st the soldiers, was met it a man who cursed himn. and said to til fellow soldiers, " Make a riele round him, arid I will stop lais tract disioributig onno for all," and then he uttered sneh fearful oaths anod cullrps that Mr. Klill, who copld not escape, burst Inlo a flood ol tears. Years Alterwards, whel hoe was prench i^" in the streels, a grenadier came up, and said, p' Ir Knill, do you klnow me " "No, I tin not," said he, "I don't know that I ever saw you." " Do you recollect the soldier who,said, ' Make a riug round him sand stop lhis tract distihnlilt.' a d do yol recollect what you did lP' "No, I do not." ' "Why, you broke inta tears, and when I got hotne those lears melted my heart, for I saw you were so in earnest that I telt ashamed of my myssll, and now I preulh unvselt that asme Jeans whom I once despised." Oh that you might have such a strong love for perishing sinners that you will put up with their rebufft' nad rebukes, and say to tlitn, " Sirike mea 11 you will, but hear me; rid'Tile me, but etill I will plead with you; cast mea tnder your feet ra thoughr I were the off scouring of all things. hut at any rate, I will not let you perish. it it be nla my poswerto warn you of youer dranger." I thought, ns I read moy text, that it gave ts a striking example of doina all we can. Lot nud his wile, and the two daughtors-well, that was four-the angels haid only four hands, ao they did all that they coald-there was a hand for eachll. You notice thle text expressly says, tht.y took hold of the hi nd of Lot, antd the, hand of his wile, and the hand of his two daghlters. There were no more person., and no more helping Iinsll, so that there was just enough Instru meutality, but there was not a hand to spare. I wish thero" were in thls church no idle hlands, but that enoh believer hald bolh hands occupled in leAding sonrls to .Jens Christ Ido not know what more lobn do. tI wish I knew; iIf there uas any possibilityof getting at some of you, to bring you to Christ, "1 would lot leave a stone unturued. BIat I am afraid all our, i.embers cannot say ns mouch as that trutlfully. Some few con,nnd I rejoice thersen inost heartily. I am afrail some of you, lnthingh saved yourself, do but very little foIr ny Lord nund Mlaster, And while this great city is perishlng, and eus; of thousands are going down into the place where our prayers canlnot reach thiem, and where our tenrs, canu ,be of uo avaIl, you let them go as thourhb It were of oc'ionseqtuece; you utter no iamenlatlons, and make no etforts on their behalf. Loet 'tho text rebake vaou, my fellow-lahorern, and God give you grace to be more earnest il future. Observe, also, that as those angels soet us an example in using sil their power, so they also en couraco us to aeraevenrcre, for they ceased not to exhort till theyhaid brought Lot out of danger. "I0 murst never pause in our efforts for any man till be is either sanvel or the.fnoeral b ell has oltled.lorhim. Evena if the last hour.i eaome, and the object of your solicitude la mtretched upon the couch whlich is evildently meaut to be his death-hbed, still pursue his nsoul to the very brlik of hell. Up to thl very gaires of pordition lope shonld track the rehof. When once that iron gale is shut, it is all over wilth our efforts, rut, ,mesanwhile, olil theu we may enter. cain hopes for nay man. 'You andi I have read nowhere concerlrng snoh.anrd.uecha man that Gntl will have no mercy on hilm. \We have never acanoned the rolls of God's decree, and cannot act ipon whrat Is not revenled, Woe have rejoiced to learn that onr owU names are written In the Lmlmb's hook of lill,, and yet we were by'iatura as vile as any; then whoenball any that any are tou viloe for tire Lord .mnnay hiavte made the worst of men the objects of i'es lectihl, lore. 'oV know t!tt somo entered tile vinoyord at tire elventl toar, and why not these P It in a pitya trla it slould have coma to the last hoaur, but stlll,untll the sun goes down. the Mlaster of the vineyard calls laborers into hris service. . I pray you, hrolthren and sisters, finot iot it your holy.works Everynow and thn lolethargy creeps ovaer the Ch'ri~titl?i cllnrc, ad in digrbe of weariness etealts o?er our iown asoul, but' let is'ariso from soeh a antoe We may, "0 Lord, how long? Hlow Ion,. "" We think we shall see but little good result of our labor, and we are r eady to cast taway oar eniflldenco nod oense from persnverance Up, brethren, tipl ,The Devil,wetllas not I the pwore or dot knles rest not day , ior night ; tile templntilos ot tills alty never know a pause t-he dens of ildtny antld Io Ihall of vice ore alwhay enolsilnl their prey 1 the lion Is lurking every whe reI how then dara we tb idli P Oh, you that know the puwer ol tto.nlner Illfe and have tsted ,int ilh. Loid is erselotn, stilodi feet it what )ye have Ieceived, aind plTeea ontwrlda toenrdls more exalted holnoass. "ile yen neadfalt, unltovtler, llwoays ibinodting in tun work of the L?ail, for anmuath as ye know that your labor is not in vain iln the Lord." I will say tn more to the.e messengers of Grill except this, that we ounght to remember Itin wtee are the messengers of Gods mercy to the sons of men. l'he text tolls us. "'lhe Lordl bting mercriful unto llim," The anglals had not conme to Lot of themlselves I they were tieo imttodlimen t and outward display of Gaiol's mercy Chrlstllnt. i tlhe world should view themselves as mnauoedlnti ins of God's moroy to sinners, In, etrnm'nts of grace, servants of the Holy Spirit Nauw meroy in a nlmhle attribute. Jutnlco lingers a It l shod with lead, but the feet of mercy are wlinged. Mleroy delights to performt its olee. So salhould It be with us a delight to do good to men. God coan sae men without instru. monts, but ihe very seldom loes It. Ills usual rule Is to work by moties. Oh that the meroy ol God would work mightily by usl Lot us re imember, as we milngle with society, that God' hasoe committed to us the milnistry of rhcuncillleton. If antgels were sent upon this minisatry, surely they would he Incessantly active t they would fly with till their mighlt from place to place to do the Lord's will shall we weho are honored in this be less active than they P As much as Iletll in no lot us redeem tile thu becauso the days are evil I lot us he ilnstant ini season and oult of season, let us sow hecide all waters, and lot it he our earoent endeavor to nmake full proof of our anrvle, what. aver that service may he, that at last It may be sid,', "Well done, thou good slid faithful servant tiho hast been faithful over a lew thingsl, I will make thee ruler over many tlinlgs." 1 ennnot speak with you as I would, but I feel In my own ohear a most solom eurnesttlles to have all IIno members of ttit church engagot in soul, siving work. Beloved, we shall never robut tile ettacks of Popery, nor stop the adtance of Pusoylsm, nor an?swer the cavils of Infidelity, except iy the personal holiness and Indl. vidual conoecratlon of our chulrch memhers. In the days immediately before the Ilefnrmdtlon, and at thlo time of the Retalormatlon, God's gospel grow mightily and prevalled because the bdievers in the gospol were no lead among their nuo?thbors fr the hollnes of their lives i they were the mtut harmlessn, upright, and generous of men, so thnt when they were perse cuted, their rmlplo neighbors eaid to one anothur, "The priests lot thi latrivious antl debauched escape, but the good, and the hontest, and the holy, sare taken ltthe stake, or cast into prison." That was an argEo mett agnlltst Popery, of whlech man's minds per. ceived the power ; and, moreover, it was because every converted person sought to bring in others that the gospel spread. It was thu lit the first apostolic fervour. Every man was a nmllsdoary, every woman was all oralnollt, and so the kingdom in the power of the Holy Spirit could not but grow. I want you to conquer this city of London I t want you to sub due this United Kingdom. Ilabour in prayer to God thlnt thIs church may hbe the littlolhandful of corn, the fruit whereof shalll chake. lie Lebanon. Not this church alone, but all others too I but as I have spe. dilly to deal with you, I want you to be disatln oulahod for your seal antl porseroanco In til cause of Ohrist It seems to me that if you were what you should be, there is ino reason why tills dead mass cf London ilotuld not be made to heavo with the power of vital godllness. Little knots of you might form churches in the localitlae in which you are living I tllue would son incronease in nlomliorship, sand he now centres of usoefulnto. Some arecallod to omigrto I we have nlways considerable strolas guoing from us 1 some into thle country towns of Englnud, some to Australia and Noew Zentlnd, and others to the United Soates if we were ail full of holiness, how might we be like tire brands to set the world on a blsaz with the sacred fIlme'of love to Jesustour Lord I I tosl nlow leave my brethren to n ldruss m;solf to the lintgerlin ones of whom there is a goodly number now present, lingerirg at tile gates of Bodotm, unsaved and In danger of destruction. II. To Yoo. O LI?.voans, I NOW sReal, hoping to he the moans, by God's graco, of driving you out of this lingering. I slall honuo-- O you lhat are halting between two opinions-by naking you. lVherefore do you linget P Lit, I think. loitered bocause Ioe had much properly in and arountd the city. Probably his flocks and hIrrdi were all pastured in.tho well-watroed plain of SBinom. Do you hliger because you will lose your gains, eecause your trade, being an evil one, must be renounced, or baeanea, by lollowing inh n laws of ('lCrist, you will become a hlser in your trntsaetions ? lly friend, whitever you lo'o, lbso not your soul. " Skin for shkin; you, all that a man hlath, well ihe give for hi lifo," and the tlay will comoa when you willdook iupunyour gold and sliver, and all your ea tate, ite worthless in comparison with your soul. lIe not foolish, and let not flotling gainlu. so soon to dis. appear, cause you to throw away eteornal gain. Per. Imps Lnt's wife lingered out of natural affection, hI. note sltoe hul d,nnghtore, unlt prhaops scoe, who nwer dotcrauined not toeaove thio city. It oeos to Ine very likely that Lot had otheor daughters bashla the two who fled withll him, for wo"are told to tiro early part of the chapter that those daughters who were with him in lthe house wore not mnrriod, andt yet trh chaptr spoeke of sonis-nln-a", Though this Is not certain, yet it is taost probable that there were other dough. tore rnmrrlod to tile sons.lin- lwn; who mocked ; ear. tuIloly, tlloao montoned who oeaped were not nmrriod iat eto time,. Did tlt'o wife look berk because of these daughters whom shte could not bear to leave, or was she doting upon thlloo gay women who had often comen gosipig to her lhouse, and at whtto hotteo shen hadl bluou enlerlulncl with vienou coumplny ? My hearers, i Ihalt yoor asee ? You otd bctter loie all cartlty friends then lois tho best ul'frolnds I you titd better be ast tut if the cirele of lsoiety than be enast out of Iho circle of the glorifild spirits. Yon will finll no woman, Iowever enchalnting.mlnd no man tup ti eontail, however admirable, to be it all worth tbo losilng of your soul In order to tlia winnillig of their company and ttloir esteem. (ito'lr hobod, If It hbinds you to rinl. Out with tile knife, ind cut'off tlhotright nrln, ,r pluck oul that right eye, sooner than parish tn hell As to Lot's,daughters, I kno?r not why they lto. gored, hut, poradveaturo. there were some vary dear to themIn tilu city.' Some of you young peoplelion1y have companions who are ingodly, and vou are nfrali to come naway from Ihem, Perhaps the drend of their laugh torrifles you. Oh, bhut t wroe bettor to he luuglled at aod go to Ioaven, thun to be applauded end cast into the pit. You may hu laughed lto hull, but you cannot be laughed out of it agaln. You may cost away yninr anl to eapeo r tlleulo hubt by ti pns. sibllity shall ridicule ever give you back thi priceless troeasure you have. hlot, I do beseechl you, as men who would he wIns, nod as men wtio caun judge, eon sIlter what coth thorn lo lit tIc world then comu reroid. enione you /or the loss of the divino'favor, and for being cast away for over and for over from niall hope ond jiy. Wherefore do you linger ? If it he for lve of sinful compony, you linger l1ke mnadmen. Oh that vour madness may. be cured in time I '; Do you reply that you do not bnllevo in theo:dati. ger ? Then amu I iudond sorry for you. for the iatnger Is'none the less anre..,.When men dio, they do not dio lko dog ; thoy'llve ?h'oreafter; Thor Is a resor. rection und it Judgmontl .Thero is a dy apporilited in whichl Godtwtll"Uidgo the world by'tlie mate, Christ Jesus, who;twill dlt upon the groat whito throne to divide tho'natlon's,'as the shoep?ird divided the shlcop from the goates : 'Yotir doubting 'it will not muako your doom lose cetaln' or loss severe ihbeleve it. God has revealed it,:yoor coonelence outifies ;t the most obdurate 'unballever have, in tlto hour of death, as a general rule, given thoir uasout to it, and so, 1 doabt n ot, willyou. a ' Tremble po that forgot God, for Mhs own words are, "The wloliad hdill',bo cast into hell, with all the nations that forgot God.' Do r ouolinger beconno you doubt tuhe way of ea cepo ? Ihopoe it Is not heeuuse you di not underotand It''lt you harv'attendo Iuttls house or prayer, I am certain-that-yoo do unedertanud it,. as for in the leted of ttogaspel'eatrih bh'nderstlod, forI hIavepdti itot tile painest words ahundrod times, that" *Whosodver belloloath Io tbh Lord Jesus Christ, shalt be iaved t that is, wlloever trui'es in what Christ is, and whu Ohrist hsht! done;,' shall not 'perlsh, hut biie oveOrllstlOngL Ilf. ..Do you miatrustmat-this: .wn of i escepe ?,,t;Oh.ttthlt, yau 'would -bavo.faith It It,'fo'r ine'bi h buno tried it I 'houosauds'ow to earth, dnd tens of thousands in the skies, habos r'ie te 'Uuon.Obhlit'sl ine fitlloheir salvation, and they hae rejoiced in lifeo and in death In fliding that thore Wa no condowmn ohn tfL',tothem. Do not doubt it it l -er'oultb~olyhpe ' I'•:". Or Iperhaps. you think that you do tl ot neod It. Out II isn file lhstthoughtt however excollont you nay have been, ouio must be saved ori tlhe same fLot Ing ns tile very worst, for thai Book contains only one gospel I It doldares tltrt tlioro Is only one door to ' Veaven. Wo are told tyer and over ngaln;, that '"ither foundation eon no tlan lay thin ihat Isn tlt." Soul, t he l.orl Ji.ils to your only hnps " Ifr you d"' not accept hlim, thlre avalls you nothlng but a loetful iih kint for of 3Judgmoet, nod tf Iery Indilgnatlot. itjeect Chris.t ait iou reJect your solcl. only hopp I volt ntst youir elfaway. You wlillly ldestroly yliur elf wlhen ylon rejoect the gospel of God's dear Son,, It is iposnlbhl that tilh reason why you Ilnuer is that you p intlritge elalu favrurite sli, I shall not ,ttemtpt to guess at what it Is. Perhaps it Its a garrel but shslnttnl lust. You ctannot Indulge known sin, titd ypet enier hIaveno. Well olll, Otd ?ays to yon this morninutr , 'VNlit thou have thy lits and go toI hell, or wilt teou give themo up, aun trust In Clhrbt and be a ived P" That alternative Is put tofore you. M?py yon have grae to make the right choice, linut your sin mut hbe plven up, I am not here to Hatter you, lnd toll you that you can cheat ll business, or Inldulgo laelviousnoso, or livo in the negleot of the house of God, or he n drunkard,, and yet onter Iolo heaven. You cannot have eternal life, and yet londle these tlidog In your bosom, You cannot he perfect, but you moast hu willing to he sr, and anxious 'o be nso, No sin nurtured in the heart can be coam uatablo with salvation I you must wish to sweep them, all away, and in.lio Holy SBplrlt' strength you must dlu It, too, as God shall help you i or olso, If you cling to sin, you cling to destruction. Oil, but what tns can he so asweet as to he worth giving up the harps of angeol, and worth thoe endurance of "TIeo (laties whleh no abatoment know, Tholugh brlny toears for ever flow," Yut, perhaps, I have not touched :the right reason for your lingerlg. Y'ou, perhaps, aro suiject to an Idlonas of spirit, a natural lInction and lethargy. I iink Ili most cases tills Is the ro:t of the matter. You.aro not bestirred about soul affairs, you are too Idle to come to decision. But, airs, you muset come to it or die. Thils stupefying and dtuigglng your conselonce, and those excures and procruntlnations, will not tie i you r nest come to a decision ono way or tite other, sooner or lator, and why not now ? Why, men, you are actlve enough In buslness I Are you not pushing your trade. and moving heaven and earth, and rightly. enough. to pick tip a living for yourselvca and your aImilira P and are your s'lls of such small account eand esteom, that you can afford to play over them and trifle ? Oht, lrse, have you lost your wire P Hlas your resson gone out to crass, that you think your Immortal and etornal Illterests to no of no little vnlue that you can sleep over the mouth of hIll P Shake yourselros, I pray you, lest you le shaken by the rough hand of death, and Ilft up your eyes, as the Savioir said the rich man did, "in hell, belng in torment." Lilt up ,hone sluggard eyes now. If over you were in earnest ln your studies or about your husiness, be In earonest now, I Iroseoeh you, about your sonls. Prove that you are not fools, but that you have some wi tlund roason loft. I fear meo that In semb cases, though I kndw not of many In this place, I four meo that this whole matter is ilospieod. I often wouder over some of you I' you acknowledge tie trtl of tile i Bible, you arknowledego all that is rovnaled there. not yet you do not repent I I am astonhelod at you. .I can understand the man whto snys, "I do not believe it ;'. ilis remaining on converted, though a dreadful thing, ie, a consistent thing. There is this to be said ior him, he does hot absolutely make himself out to be a fool I but you, who say you behlive In the Bible, and own that there is a hell, and a heoll for you, you, who believe that tllere is salvation, and that tills may be had by trust. Ilg in Christ, and yet do not trust him, what shall I say to you, what shall I say of you o I will esy thles I would sooner you woultglveo up all pretenucothan' wavor and hil, end parley with truth to the qluaench iog of tilhe Spirit, andl the hlrdeutng of your con. sciences. I anm half Inclined to say with ternl Elijh, "If the Lord be God, follow him t hut if Baal, then follow him." If religion be a lito, do not pretend to Ibeliueve I sayso, and be honest, and take the eonse. qonces t but if It he true, act upon It. If there be a hell, fly from It I If there be a heaven, obtah it I if. there be a city. of relugo, reach It if there to n Christ, believe In him, If he be an imlpostor, come not 'here, but reject hin utterly i but if he be tie Saviour of sinners, bow down before him now, I resoeech you, lest this be the withering nccusation at the last, tit t you wore inlcon. esthreat even on your own adlmisslons, and that you went to hell, not simply as sinners, but as fools going willtigly to the gallows, knowing whhreo ihy were goir, iand yeat walking on as bullocks to toe sihmbtes, e.. Well, I have put the qtuestion, Wherofore do you linger ? but now I want to sany two or three words to you, and they shall he to this effect- IWhcrereuilh shall we hasten you ? These few considerations, hurriedly ollered, I hopl will inot he forgotten, Time is short. Young people dio not bttolieve il, but you who Ihive ronched thirty or forty know it. You know how the weeks spin round, how the years fly like wheels that whiz Itn their hot haste. You know this and feel it, and yet you lot theseo years run on and.on.. Why do you linger when lime flioes faster tha a thunderbolt uad lingers not P Moreover, lilb is unicertoiir. Some of you know this by painful experience; You have recently lost frlendr. lisle, tnd in wrollg bolth, they hive been mitioen down. Others of you have been accustomed to attend the dying-bhed, or you often see the hearso go by the windows i or yor are sick; and you cirly death in your bowels. Ih'erefore doyou lingcr P 1 fool as l I mutt stop awhile'und'weep over your insanity. 0 friends, if you knew wilet you wore to die, it would be but wise to lay hold on Uhrst,now I but, sinco you do not know ut what in thllis very house. you may become corpses, will you run the rslks of hill and eternnl wrath ? I pray you do not so for your own sakes, for it' is your hbuoines more thau: miue for .your own sakes be wise, and linger tno longer. If thils will not quicken you, let me toll you that if you were now to belteveias Christ you iould be no loser. Present salvation would he present Ilhapplness. .Trantlug in Christ at tIle moment would give you-I speaook from expellence-a joy which nothing In the world can rivaIl. Benilo ueitt, you are noro,it this moetmr;;it danger. Have you never read such toxits as these,;" Ielthnt Ielievoeth not is condemned already, because he hathl not beliveld in the namo of the only hogoitontSon of Ond.'' ' There is no. paocc, snith .my Gict t'd'the wicked." "God is ungry ?irtleh 'tle wcke every day. If he turn not,ho will what his laoreid a hte hth' boent Ilis bow, and mode it ready.'" t, Do not.th[ilkt I aspck these terrible'things becaune I likoto speauk them i no, but beoau'sa I would'havi you senvd. I cannot boar to think of your haindllosit'thdough you cat. I cannot bear to think that I should have looked into the faces of eome of you so many month., add even years, ?aid yet should have to appear a swift witeesas agsiuse yeo in the taybf ju'dgmenit.' Shll I not bhe compelled to say, "'Tiseeo people did knowttho gospel; nud'did In a measure feel its' power; but they salld,' Not now, not now ,when' I have a more coin-' vonoent aoasoun.I will send for the.'4'., ,'And it '?i 'so simple I tleis bui 'to 'bolloo and live,. to triust and, to be saved. "' Oh' that' nows.C?rinst'would' dsnk the weight i;f'li love into the icdlh. tha-you might once for all give up'yourself forihlm., ' : " , There ils one terrible roeflection which I cannot help mltrtioling, nusmely, ti'a "wiltl sort. qfyou t oup/i to Isben tamnn giscilLi thuii thdsma'na uof yaca~asre iodng alleffect.,' You osed to fool (hemo meuc more than you do new, Why, nwhoiyou filt eamei thte LSurreyrMusto Hall, or to the Tabernacle, if the proacher seemeod at all in oarnestyou wept.,. sometlmes pyoue.could not "eloepat light because oft tl'ualarm thrl'was caused you; betl'I mayi? :rinttnt'Ithe 'alirm- bell now, agaein hnd againn bofore lt.wll awnken yo;i .;'Ti yotu my veloes. hua lost Its sterlong note t you are u?ed to tiho sond ofmy entrea'tlca, Ohr hnl I toui 'irnehou'yon I Play I leoep I? tlu grave befdrbo I hecoin e moro machine t lull youlinto sal?uib'ir.' 1do strive to get vurloty In my mlinatry, beensaue tkpow ?ltat wltbiot It I cannot gpot your attnttln .pnd reach your Iearts. " Ab:i 'holuglltloil hesror, you hal behtier gosomewhero elsi: TThecuoyda'o bb a othenni of'soiniebod,'elee toetingj at your heart; but lerm.alrald I shall uot:;. If you dib' not repoent.under my mininry, go somewheroelse. Do not lose theo chanca ttat pdrhap there may bhe some body also who.will lie more piun and more orenoest with yoiu thau " am i but do u6t let It ho the sad case that you shall ste hero till you shall nod your ;solves unto destructlon, slpmberlng under the a?ind ofthaegospelen!L thoun i oikinvgisnto perditiun, hope. oaslty, asod without excuse. ' 'I-. ".Tl. i hli thti i.d retctio n shall nfirtuoei 'Wltl, a few shurtin'mooth,a or' seay withi na feow shortivuars at tile very outelde,r you vwill know o0o of two things -you wilt knIow hither the terrors of hull or. the gloroiesof heaven. Now, which btilll li be ? All tilei biulue'eeupon your helnovln. or nutboliteving In' the'?r'Lrd 'J'esu.' If thou bhliotros thynn'tieo'ehall be with'the white- robed throng, whoso litfuo is biss, whose existence is limortelity.lf, thou ballevest, all thosplondorsaof glosy shall be. thine wibh ChrIst in" whom ihord Icset truetod. -Brll'if thouu blInrest not, as truly as God'la Obd, and rthat Book I true--andi' if thou denyj God' and thiet Book, then I must'rdeal with'thee another time--if those thingebe not a fable theothou, erns thop child ol'. a godly ather, tnou hearar'at the Taberale, then must he bound up with onodalo of sinyort 10 be burnod, thou must. hoar the volee, "Depart, yo coured, Into ovristll tireo In ohell, I &repara; d or the d el hisnt rlal, ?n d n t ihat Ity, in ;ttat , o, do mo at leat th ona not o jntilco-noknowledge that I did warn you of it, that I did soek to stay youIf I could, even to laying violent hIland upon you, If uesliblo,;to turn you from your evil Ways. Tit oh. itorest not bq en I cl?onot oar it. I cannot lnean wIthout having said to you whbattod himself to, said **Turn ye, turn yo t why will yeo dia, O hluuse .a Israol " Loet thu "lokek fnrdVtko,his .vn0f, and the unrngllteo0maen n Ilae hottullts s annd Ict hilr roturil nto the Lorrd, and he will ihro mrorry upon him I and to our (ld, for lie .vill aubndanily pnalron. For mty thulrhts'are nor. y or ihuoghta, noltll, r ro your wayse ny ways, eeinh ;eo Lord. I'or se tio heavens aro htigeor thair the earth, so are my was hrighr then ryour ways, and my ilhughts than your thouglts," "Comeo nowrand let Iu renson Itrgetler. anlth tihe Lord a thougll your stir Ie as scarlet, tlhoy allil be as white as snow I thoughr thIey be rod like crimson, they shall be as wool," UoIue unto Chrlrt, nIll yo that labor and are hopvy. ItdenJand he will giveo you rost. "Theo pirit and the bride say, Core. And lot him that hearerth stay omes. And lot him that is ,n'hlrot come, And whosoeveor will, let him take tlo, water of lfll foeely." ' o ,Ju' oke. A God blos.'yon for'Josue' sake,: Amen; ' ' ' t 