A WICKED FRAUD. It is seldom pleasant to tell of one's self; but sometimes it is a sort of relief to a man to make a sad confession. I lectured in New York lately for the young gentlemen of the Clayon ion Society. During the afternoon of that i\n.v T Wfla tjiilcintf witli rmt* nf fclip. vnnnfr mnn just referred to, and he said he had an uncle who, from somo cause or other seemed to have grown perfectly bereft of all emotion. And with tears in his eyes this young m^faid, ' Oh, if I could only see him laugh onco Kioto % oh, if I could only see him weep !' I^was touched. I never could withstand distress. I said bring him to my lecture, I'll start him for you.' Oh, if you could but do it ! all our family would bless you for evermoro, for ho is very dear to us. Oh, my great benefactor can you make him laugh 1 — can you bring soothing tears to those parched orbs V I was profoundly moved, I said, ' my son, bring the old party round. I have got somo jokes in that lecture that will make him laugh if there is any laugh in him j and if they miss firo I have some others that will make him cry or kill him ono or the other.' Then tho young man blessed me, and wept on my neok and went after his uncle. He placed him in full view, in the second row of benches that night, and I began on him. I tried him with mild jokes, aud riddled him with good ones ; I fired old jokeB into him, and peppered him fore-and-aft with red-hot ones. I warmed up to my work, and assaulted him on the right and on the left, in front and behind ; I fumed and perspired, and charged and routed, till I was hoarse and sick, and frantic and furious j but I never marked him once. I never started a smile or a tear, never the ghost of a smile, and never a suspicion of moisture. I was astonished. I closed the lecture at last with ono despairing shriek — with one wild burst of humour, and hurled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him. I never pleased him. Then I sat down bewildered and exhausted. The President of the society came up and bathed my head with cold water, and said, ' What made you carry on so towards the last V I said, ' I was trying to make that confounded old fool in the second row laugh.' And he said, ' Well, you were wasting your timo, because he is deaf and dumb, and blind as a badger.' Now, was that any way for the old man's nephew to impose on a . stranger and an orphan like me t I simply ask you as a man and a brother, if that was any way for him to do. — ' Mark Twain.' Beet Sugar. — Are we about to have a supply of home-grown sugar? It seems so; for Mr. Duncan, an enterprising merchant of Mincing-lane, has laid out works and built a factory near the pleasant town of Lavenham, in Suffolk, for the manufacture of beot-root sugar. Sugar-growing is a profitable occupa tion in Belgium and the north of France ; and it remains to be . seen whether it can bo permanently profitable in this country. The farmers of Suffolk supplied Mr Duncan last year with 800 tons of Silesian beet ; and this; year they hope to increase the qnantity to 4000 tons, for which tho payment is to be ono pound a ton. The ' works,' when in full operation, use up sixty tons of beet a day, during the sugar-making season which commences at the end of September. This is an experiment in which the whole nation may bo said to be interested, for tho annual consumption of sugar in the United. Kingdom is nearly forty pounds a head, reckoning the entire population. If successful in Suffolk, it may bo expected to answer in other countries, for seeds liayo been Bown else where, by,way of experiment ; and it appears that the roots grown in England and Scotland contain more sugar than those grown in Holland. Thero is much more sugar inado in Europe (all from beetroot) than would com monly be imagined, tho quantity being 630,000 tons, as shewn by tho returns for the season 1807-08. Tho season begins October 1st and ends April 1st. Of this great quantity, France manufactured 220,000 tons ; Germany, 105,000 ; Russia, 97,600 ; Austria, 92,500 ; and Belgium, Poland, Sweden, and Holand. 55,000 tons. Wo observe, moreover, that endeavours are being made to introduce the manufacture into the United States, where the beet is unusually rich in sugar, and whero the cnat of imported sugar is eighty million dollars a year. — ' Chambers.' The ' Albury Banner ' says : — During the first quarter of thisyoar about 12,000 acres of land were taken up and settled in the single district of Albury, but in tho whole of South Australia, during the same period, only 5472 acres were taken up under the now system of deferred payments which has lately been introduced into that colony. And most of the selectors who como to this district do well, whatever may bo said of their condition in the older portions of tho colony. Journalism in New Zealand. — ' It ia well known,'' says tho ' Wellington Independent,' ' how few of tho broadsheets of this colony -enjoy sqeh a pecuniary prosperity as to enable them to adequately remunerate superior literary ability ; hence the tame mediocrity so often betrayed by the columns of the New Zealand press. ' But that there are instances to the contrary, the following will serve to show. According to the ' Taupcke Times,' Mr. Vogel has accepted the editor's chair of the ' Southern Cross' at a salary of £1500 per annum. However liberal this may seem, it is by no means an improvement in Mr. Vogel's pecuniary fortunes, for to our knowledge this gentleman received £900 a year- as editor of tho ' Otago Daily Times ' while in receipt of a contemporaneous salary of £800 as Provincial Treasurer and Secretary.' Mr. Vogel was formerly editor of the ' Mary borough and Dunolly Advertiser.' Small Runs. — A plea for the subdivision of squatting runs, and the creation of a class of graziera intermediate between the shepherd kings aud the farmers of 460 acres, is put forth by the ' Deniliquin phroniclo,' which observes : — ' To jump from immense areas for pastoral holdings down to the sufficient for a farm, may bo policy calculated to satisfy somo ; but those who are so easily rendered content appear certainly oblivious to those sounder principles by which genuine settlement may profitably and certainly bo assured. It is a courso (calculated to preserve atill the anta gonism of broadly marked classes among the community, and forbids that gradual approach of all by a graduation of means and a sympathy arising from associated pursuits, by which the whole of society would bo rendered more homogenous. There is a great gap at present, and we would like to see proximate legislation on tho land question calculated to bridge it.' Horses for tho Govemor-eeneral of India. — A handsome compliment has been paid to the stud owners of New South Wales by Earl Mayo, Governor-general of India, by selecting this market for a supply of carriage horses for his establishment. The order was entrusted to Mr Buchan Thomson, who has now at the stables, preparatory for shipment to. Calcutta per Forfarshire, six splendid bays, which can not fail to enhance the character of Australian horses in the Indian market. The stock selected are in splendid condition, very evenly matched in colour and size, with plenty of bone and breeding, being the produce of Potentate and Bottler from mares equally thoroughbred, the progeny of old Hector, Steeltrap, Gratis, and Waverjey. It is to be hoped that tho shipment will reach their destination in some thing like their present form ; if so, they will do credit to all concerned. Missionary Teaching. — A South Sea Islander who could read his Polynesian Bible, was em ployed as interpreter in a recent trial at Mel bourne. Before being sworn, he was catechised as to his opinions on the nature of an oath, and the following dialogue took place : — ' Have you any idea what will become of you when you' dio 1 — I don't know. Do you expect to go anywhere? — I expect to go to hell,' (Roars of laughter.) The man was imme diately sworn. 