THE HEAD CENTRE. A Lay of Fenianism. "lis now a month lias passed away — perhaps it may be more, Since, at eleven o'clock one night, a rap came to my door : I wondered whoe'er it might be who thus admittance pressed, When, save myself, my family had all retired to rest. Slowly the door I opened wide : by light the moon did give 1 plainly saw belore me stand a panting iugitive, Both wan and wornj; his clothes were torn, and tremblingly he cried, " For mercy's sake, compassion take, and let me with you hide !" " And who are you," I wondering said, " who thus a shelter crave ? Some wretch, I fear — crime-stained ; not here a refuge can you have." But he said "Sir, sir, don't pity spurn, but hide me for a span : No recreant I the law to fly — yet I'm a Fen-i-an ! " For Erin's good, shed blood I would — would you not do the same? But, believe me, I ne'er aided in O'Farrell's murderous game. Oh ! let me but a few hours hide — pray, don't your mercy slack, The hireling sparks of Henry P — k— s are close upon my track ? "To be thus young on gallows hung is rather hard — don't wince ; Oh ! why should I untimely die ? I never harmed the Prince ! Let me but in your kitchen hide— a few short hours to stay — And in the morn, ere day shall dawn, I shall be far away." Touched by his words, " Poor wretch, " I said, "your race seems nearly run : Unhappy traitor, see what wrong you to yourself have done ! Yet law I '11 break — brief shelter take ; amend ere 'tis too late ; If from this scrape you this time 'scape, beware O'Farrell's fate." All night I tossed and tumbled — not a wink of sleep I got, For thoughts of murderous horrors, treason-felony, and plot ; I much repented I 'd relented, and e'er admitted him — A Fenian, who (for aught I knew) might be a Centre grim. Before the dawn I clothes popped on, and down the stairs did glide ; The Fenian had gone away — the door was opened wide — Yes, gone away ; but, strange to say, of me he 'd made a scoff- Each thing of value he could take he 'd been and carried off ! ! My plate — sad fate ! — my spoons and forks, my desk, containing cash — Oh ! how I moaned and inly groaned that e'er I 'd been so rash ! And he left his old revolver, with a note stuck in the barrel — "Old cove, you're a brick, and I'm off slick:" signed " Ghost of H. 0' Farrell, " Where'er I go, I'm chaffed and teased — and haven't I led a life, Since this misfortune happened, from my unrelenting wife. If e'er again to Fenian man I slightest favor do, I hope the p'lice will on me call to hang as Fenian too. 