THE METROPOLIS. Adelaide, July 8. In-the ordinary course of things the Penin sula ought to have been deserted by this time. Last week it was to he northward ho with all the copper mines. " Mattawurrangala is the only true copper lode, and Lake is its pro moter," was to be the response of the pious brokers on 'Change. But the spirit of their dream has altered since the English Mail arrived. Copper is not worth raising now un less it can be brought oat in cakes ready smelted. The late telegrams say £78 a ton in the beginning of June, and there is some rumor of a private telegram which advises sales at £75 a ton. The share market has collapsed. On Tuesday several projected ventures were withdrawn, and those mpst recently floated have been cruelly baulked of their ex pected premiums. But there is one drop of comfort in the brokers cup of affliction. The Mining Journal contains a paragraph on the prospects of the copper trade which might have been specially seasoned for tbe AdelaltJe market; it suits the local palate so well. The Mining Journal, you already know, to be inveterately optimist; it has been predicting' an immediate recovery of the copper market every week for the past eighteen months. Shamed out of that by the inveterate perver sity of facts it has devised a new and safer mode of prophecy. The rise has been indefi nitely postponed, but it is to be something tremendous when it comes, and all who have the gift of scenting copper lodes are warned to prepare for it. Cornwall is worked out; Chili and Cuba are on their beam ends; new mines are wanted, and virgin lodes, if they can be got ready in time, will pay as no one has ever dreamed of their paying before. Be of good cheer,'then, Mattawurrangala ! No fear of the Court of Chancery for you, though your neighbor the Great Northern Copper Mining Company happens to have fallen among the Philistines. Of course you know Henry Louis Galbraith, of that ilk, quandum Sbeep Inspector in the South-East, discoverer of scab among the celebrated KambouiJIet rams at Wellington, instigator of two volumes of Parliamentary papers, which the Grown Lands Department might be thankful to burn if they could. Twelvemonths ago Henry Louis Galbraith was christened the irrepressible Galbraith, and he is still deserving of the title. The Chief Inspector could never come within arm's length of him. The Secretary, Blackmore, might as well have fired his paper pellets at the ironclad as at the head of Mr Galbraith. Finally, when he became unmanageable, it re quired a Select Committee and three succes sive Commissioners to put him down. It had to be done by instalments, one Commissioner suspending him, and another completing his removal. Even when he was off the 6taff I don't believe that the Crown Lands Office felt comforcable about biro. He or his ghost might turn up again to renew their persecu tion. They breathed a sigh of relief when they heard from Melbourne that there was a probability of his finding a new Inspectorship in Victoria." They started with horror wbeo they saw him back again in King William street. Tbey trembled at the rumor that be was in close confabulation with Mr Ingleby. They almost swooned at the announcement that he was to bring over Mr Michie from?: Melbourne to turn them inside out- or the 4>ther way, whichever might happen. But Judge Gwynne spared them. that dire calamity. Galbraith was an infliction, but Galbraith and Michie would have been worse than i ighuiiare. The cause calibre is to be con ducted extensively by local falegrt-Galbraith Ingleby, aud Andrews, on ODe oi#»fe^Hughes^ IlbgL * v yr - :v;'; r"~:i 0jj .'the 28th September, 1868, the vlhen Commissioner of C.'own Xands received a ljetter, the <sgkb^uc^i^ paragraph oft-which ' ya§P-u Being able of'my own present know* ledge to certify to t$i unfitness' of Sub Inspector Gaibraith for any responsible office under Government, I must respectfully urge his dismissal from tie position he now holds." The writer was Mr H. K. Hughes, recently elected member for the district of Victoria, and brother of Mr, G. C. Hughes, on whose run near Wellington, scab had been detected by Gaibraith, about twelve months before. There had been a prosecution in which Mr Hughes had a fine of fifty pounds inflicted upon him. There had been a Select Com- : mittee which ascertained that the scab had been of several months standing when dis covered, and that it ought to have been dis covered earlier by the Chief Inspector b!m- : self. There had been a great deal of news paper recrimination, in which Mr Hughes endeavored to exculpate himself and his RambouiHet lambs by insinuating that the scab bad come across the Victorian border through T Galbraitb's own district. There had been' a-., general election, at which Mr H. K. Hughes,' brother of the Wellington squatter, had been returned against Mr West, a friend of Gal- . braith's, for whom he was accused of electioneering. There had been a series of7 letters written to the Commissioner of Crown Lands by the member elect, urging, and almost demanding the dismissal of Inspector Gaibraith. There had been nothiug done, however, by the Commissioner, and as the; > opening of the session approached, Mr - Hughes thought it his duty to put the case- r pointedly: "As a representative of the dis » ' -trict (and a prospective unit in the, House'of; Assembly), it was his duty to call the Com missiouer's attention to this neglect of dnty the part of the Inspector." Mr Ingleby was very bold in his opening of the case, hardly touching on any of the legal points involved, of which there are many. He narrated the circumstances, read extracts - from the documents put in, and then informed the Jury, " subject to His Honors correction," that the paragraph set forth on^ifie declara tion was " as gross a libel as could-be uttered.'* He faintly anticipated the plea of the defence, that the communication was privileged, and attempted to answer it by a false analogy* If a person volunteered an opinion^of auother persons servant, the inference would be that it was done maliciously; but, if he had pre viously been asked for an opinion it would be privileged, however, libellous. Mr Ingleby altogether overlooked the essential peculiarity of the question that both parties had a quasi {rnblfechar&eter-Hughes; as a member of Parliament,and Gaibraith as a Government official. The defence had placed on the record a demurrer to this effect; thai "the letter ' was written by Mr Hughes in his character as a public officer without imputing wicked or corrupt motives." The true legal question is one of Parliamentary privilege subordinate to which there is the distinction between public and private service. Had a dozen or a . score of the South-Eastern squatters memo rialised the Commissioner for Galbraith's re moval on the same grounds as are alleged in Mr Hughes's letter, they would, on the ordi nary interpretation of libel, all have been' actionable. Had the press recommended his removal, it would have been actionable; but then it might have pleaded the privilege of public criticism. Out of Victoria square these * would be the aspects of the case most likely to be taken up by Counsel. Mr Stow or Mr Boucaut may notice them in their reply, but as far as concerns them the case is yet very ~ imperfectly before the Court. What do you thfnk of the latest vice-royal speech ? The railway theory which Sir James propounded at GawJer, on Saturday last, is regarded here as his best public deliverance. He bad a distinct manageable subject, and he stuck to it till he produced the impression lie evidently aimed at. In so explicitly stating ^ and even urging his approval ofauch under takings as the .Roseuworthy «nd Forresters Railway, he achieved a definite result. How ever much or however little of his argument may have been understood, the result was clear to all. In his opinion the Rosenworthy line, with 401b rails, and light locomotives, is a good investment for any thinly settled die- ~ trict at £5000 per mile. There is no use. in expecting 6 workable line to be made for much, less unless in very favorable country; ' and, it is needless to spend more, because lor running at moderate speeds, It is substantial -enough. If this is to be »he type of all'our future railways, the Legislature will have further to ,do than to decide which districts ought to refceive them first. On that ground there is certain to be some discussion-in the coming session, and among the projects likely to be advanced, the Clare and Wallaroo and the Murray lines should have a prominent place. A revival of Local agitation on both subjects ought be opportune. Your sugges tion that 9 guarantee ought to be offered would constitute a very reasonable claim on the part of either district.-; Itmight even lie asked Why -should we, not have a general guarantee act empowering theGovernmcpt to make surveys wherever tbey iBem to he re quired, and to negotiate ^th conapantes^fett i the construction of such lines. . 