THORSDA Y, OCTOBER 7, 18G9. The fetish-worshippers are everywhere fighting with, the energy of despair. Political fanaticism nerves its victims to make the same frantic efforts for the defence of a dogma or the propagation of a delusion that religious fanaticism does. The dogma may be shocking to reason, and the dolusioa gross and pal- pable to the sense of all but the fanatics themselves, yet both will not want for zealous propagandists and crazy martyrs among "Believers of incredible creeds Whose faith enshrines the monsters which it breeds." The frenzy which inspired the followers of the Veiled Prophet of Khorassan finds a counterpart in the blind devo- tion of the majority in certain consti- tuencies to that strange cultas called M^Culloohism. It is a belief which admits of no rational explanation, and is incapable of any rational defence. As often as the founders of this faith meet for the purpose of concerting fresh devices for strengthening their hold upon their dupes, they must break out into a roar of laughter, like the Eoman augurs. For it is impossible but that the glaring hypocrisy of the ?whole system of imposition should present itself to the minds of those who uphold and flourish by it, and it is almost as impossible that they should not despise the instruments they work by and the votaries they delude. To the inventors of the creed, and to the high priests who celebrate its mys- teries, it has an intelligible meaning and a distinctive value. It implies and secures place, pay, power, and patron- age. It places at the disposal of those who are admitted to the shrine enormous, means of corruption, in- timidation, and reward, They are the masters of an. estate comprising fifty millions of acres, and comprehending within its limits some of the richest deposits of mineral wealth in the world. So hing as they can command the votes of a docile and subservient majority in the Legislative Assembly they can make what alterations they think proper in the imposition and distribution of three millions of taxation. They can fill the public offices with their own creatures, subsidise hireling journals out of the general exchequer, and cover the country with a little army of political mer- cenaries, also salaried from the pockets of the people. M'Cullocliisin, therefore, to the pri- vileged few, who occupy the sacred adytum, is just as profitable as the - solemn deceptions formerly practised upon the people of Egypt by the priests who ministered in the temples of Isis and Osiris were to the priesthood of that country. But to the great mass of the, worshippers, M'Culochism, as it is called, is a fraud and an imposture, which nothing but fanaticism can account for,' and nothing but the spread of popular intelligence will destroy. In both > its legislative and administra- tive capacity, the first M'Culloch Ad- ministration was a failure, while the second has proved a nullity. So far as beneficial legislation is concerned, the last six years have been little better than a blank, They have been prolific of political and social discord. M'Cul lochism has succeeded in embroiling the two Houses of Parliament, in foment- ing class animosities, in impoverish- ing the civil servants, and in increas- ing the burden of taxation. It has introduced a new element into poli- tical life, that of the "old hats ;" and during its regime, we have witnessed the1 occurrence of more Parliamentary scandals than occurred during the pre- ceding 12 years of our history. It has promulgated the monstrous doctrine that every Ministerial member entering the'Assembly is bound to become the ab jeci servant and submissive tool of the Ministry of the day, that independence is a crime, and that Parliament, instead of being the master, ought to be the bondman of the Executive, the regis- trar of its decrees, and the expression of its will. This is M'Cullochism, This is the latest development of representative in- stitutions in a community which still professes to be British in name, although it} lias departed as widely as possible from British precedents and British practice. And this is the weak imitation, of French Imperialism which finds favour with one-third of the electors of Collingwood, and to uphold which they have just returned Mr. Vale to the Legislative Assembly. Since Caliban worshipped STEPHANO, there has not been a more grotesque spectacle presented to the eye than this. Mr. Vale, however, will be certain to undergo the fate of his predecessors, and whon Caliban begins to buffet Stephano, we may expect the latter to raise a piteous howl against the very men whom Le now exalts to the skies" as the staunchest devotees of Loyal Liberalism. The bitterness and frenzy of the opposition whiclt is everywhere being offered to the re-election of the now Ministers, have gone far to strengthen ' the conviction ivliich is gaining ground out of doors," that tho members of the late 'Administration dread the consequences of a searching inquiry into the management of three or four of the public departments. Enough has trans- pired with respect to the arcana of the Land Office and the railway workshops to justify the suspicions which have long been current respecting them, The prospect of a thorough overhaul of tho archives of the Land department and the Board of Mines, is something which inspires the utmost dismay in the ranks of the late Ministry. They are making, and will continue to make, superhuman efforts to resist it. Nothing is to be so much dreaded by them as an exposure of this kind. So long as they were in office, the ad- ministration of the Crown lands by a system of "proper representations" was a source of strength to them. It an abled them to reward their friends and to punish their enemies. The former had every motive for secresy, and the latter were ineffectual to protest. As to tho subordinatesof the department, they were gagged by the civil service regulations, and immediate dismissal would have fol- lowed any attempt to remonstrate against the iniquitous system which prevailed, But now that new Ministers have en- tered into Hie offices of Lands ano1 Mines and Bailways, thoir former occu pants do not affect to conceal theil alarm. An exposure of their maladmi- nistration must be prevented at al hazards, and the magnitude of tht danger they are in, may be estimated bj the recklessness of the measures thej resort to in the extremity of their des peration. Under ordinary circumstances it woulc be somewhat difficult for non-profes sional men to deal with the very re markable evidence elicited by the in- quiry into the condition and manage ment of the Victorian railway work- shops. Even as it is, and notwith- standing the care that has been taken to elucidate all the varied bearings of the case, it is almost impossible in sonn instances to come to a definite con elusion relative to a few of the alleget cases of misdemeanour and misconduct Sufficient has nevertheless been disclosei to demonstratemost incontrovertibly tha the munagementof the whole departmen is radically bad and inefficient. Howeve much the fact may be regretted, no pet son can read the evidence which ha been disclosed without—perhaps mos unwillingly—arriving at the conclusion that neither Mr. Houghton nor Mi CnitiSTY is the right man in the rígl; place, and that the manner in whic both resist every proposition for refori or improvement is almost incompreher sible. Nearly eveiy witness examined agree upon one point-that Mr. Houghton is altogether unfit for the position he holds Some who give evidence to this effec appear to be actuated by kindly feeling towards the general foreman, The acknowledge that he is a good man i his' own particular line-"a fitter" but they altogether deny that he i competent to manage such an establisl ment as the Williamstown workshops Mr, Christy himself, in defending hi subordinate, says, for example, that M; Houghton' is not a good smith] bu takes refuge in the assertion that a ma may be perfectly capable of directin how work should be done that he : not able to-do himself. No doubt th; is true of some men ; but the grávame of the charge against Mr. Houghtoï which charge is most fully substantiate«: is, that he does not belong to th: exceptional class. A man may not t a firstclass smith; but if he W£ acquainted with the very rudiments c tbei trade, he would never make hiinse] ridiculous by ordering articles made < cast-iron or cast-steel to be repairet The "Williamstown workshops hav since their first establishment, been su fering from the want of a practici manager-a man who perhaps migl not be a first-class workman in any pa ticular blanch, but who, having ti faculty of organisation-being able i control large numbers of men, to pr vent either waste of time or materia and having that intuitive perceptic which would enable him at once 1 distinguish the individual merits i the staff under lus control, wou] be enabled so to conduct himself ¡ to command respect, and so to manaj the, department as to insure that ef ciency and economy which the state h: a right to demand. It is painful evident that Mr, Houghton possess none of these qualities. He has n acquired the respect of the men, bu on the contrary, they appear to ha played on his ignorance, whilst at ti same time they complain of his want courtesy and of his overbearing I haviour. On this point the commissio in its report, remarks :-" It is not u " worthy of note that, whereas it w " made a matter of complaint agair " Mr. Houghton by one -witness th " he would take the opinion of t " workmen to cover his own ignoram " it. was alleged as a grievance by a " other that he would do nothing " the kind." The commission here appears to ha' mistaken the whole bearing of t evidence with regard to this matti So far from being contradictory, is most consistent, and the condu alleged is precisely what might be t pected from an incompetent man. one instance, it is deposed on 0£ that Mr. Houghton gave absurd structions to the smiths relative to t way in which they should do th work; that when these instructic were followed, absolute failure v the result; and that afterwards 1 smiths had to act to the best of th own knowledge. This is not < proved. On the other hand, it is s that Mr. Houghton, not being a to form an opinion for himself, woi ask one man what he thought of other's work. It is not to be presun that he did this publicly, and such ai ceeding is just precisely what might anticipated from an ill-informed maa-. obstinate at one time in order to conceal his defects, and at another anxious to obtain advice from his subordinates, before he ventured to give an opinion at all. The seeming contradiction in the evidence which the commission has thus alluded to, appears to be the strongest proof of its absolute truthful- ness and trustworthiness. The desire manifested throughout the whole of Mr. Hougiitok's evidence to say as little as possible is one of tho worst features of the case. With the more sorious errors which have charac- terised the management of the de- partment we do not charge him. For those his superiors are respon- sible. But he is answerable for all the want of discipline in the shops, for the waste of time, and, to a great extent at least, for the confusion^ of accounts, which renders it impossible to ascertain the cost of any particular piece of work. Mr. Houghton, and he alone, is to be charged with the instructions given to falsify the time and material accounts as was done, according to the evidence, with regard to the Samson engine unless indeed he can prove that he acted under the direction of his superior. If there had not been something radically wrong in the management of the shops, there would have been no necessity for a resort to such a disreputable subterfuge, and when the men wore cognisant of such proceedings, nothing else could be expected than that they should take advantage of such an un- pardonable condition of affairs. It is very evident that Mr. Houghton has been thrust into a position for which he is in no way fitted. He might make a very good " leading hand" or foreman over that branch of railway work for which he has been specially trained, but he possesses neither the tact nor the ability which is necessary for che overseer of such an establishment as the Williamstown shops. There seems to be a good deal of common sense in the suggestion made by nearly every practical witness examined, that there should be a " loading hand" or working foreman over every separate portion of the department. The additional remunera- tion" would be but a trifle, and would bear no comparison to the advantages which would accrue from such an arrange- ment. The men would work better, and the whole of the operations would be more carefully supervised than would be possible under the present arrange- ments. It may be argued on the part of Mr. Houghton that he had no power to make such an arrangement himself ; but it does not appear that he ever suggested it either to Mr. Christy or to the engi- neer-in-chief. On the contrary, from some unknown cause, he seems to object to the proposition. His objections, how- ever, should have but little weight against the evidence which has been taken. Mr. HouGHTON'sown testimony demonstrates that a great change is absolutely necessary, and the sooner that change is made the better, It was through a misunderstanding that wo announced in yesterday's issue that tbo real state of the poll at Colling- wood on Tuesday would bo announced by the returning officer at the Fitz- roy Court-houso at noon yesterday. The Electoral Act, which requires the returning officer to announco the nominations of candi- dates publicly, simply requires him to post tho result of the polling in somo conspicuous position, and advertise it in some newspaper circulating in the district. Mr. J". Mac- kenzie did not, thurefore, attend at the Court houso yesterday, but Jlr. Valedid, withsomeSO or CO of his adherents, and forthwith a public meeting was constituted, with Mr. Hackett, a prominent member of tho Collingwood M'Cullochite committee, ia tho chair. Tho figures of the voting having been read out, the successful candi- date proceeded to return thanks with his cus- tomary flow of language. Ho promised to forget all his opponents had stud against him, and then, at extraordinary length, dilated upon the effect which he was sure the M'Cul lochite victory in Collingwood would havo upon the other elections now pending. He repeated what he had said tho day before about the present Ministry having, in reality> accepted office from their old opponents, and about the necessity of members of Parlia- ment with no capacity for office being content with the position of private mem- bers, and further exhorted those members who might perchance look for office to pa- tiently await the legitimate action which might lead to their promotion. Returning to the circumstance of his election, he said the expression of opinion in his favour ia Col- linswood was the greatest ever known in that district, andaf ter blaming the mombersof both the local borough councils for tbo part they had taken against him, referred with particular unction to the action taken in his favour by Councillor Best, of the East Collingwood Council, who was the only supporter he bad in either body. Ho then re- turned his ardent thanks to tho M'Cul- lochite Committee, and said that though the electors might be called " bell-wethers, " they would, he was sure, continue to follow the old music, even when sung by different voices. As for being accused of stump oratory, he admitted that he was not to bo " ranked in tho same groove with Bright or Glad- stone," but promised to improve. In this strain ho continued for some ten minutes more, when Mr. Burtttook up the theme, and announced that if conspiracies like that of tho present Ministry were to he tolerated no Government could stand. Ho thon inveighed against the membors of the present Ministry in his usual incoherent way ; and when ho bad come to an end, which did not happen for some time, a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Powell and Mr. Hackett, oE the vic- torious committee. This was duly acknow- ledged, and the proceedings ended. It was very currently reported yesterday, that, in consequence of tho result of the late election, Mr. Everard bad resolved to resign. Mr. Everard had such an intention, and does .not .wish to represent any constituency1 of which Tie does not possess the confidence. Deferring, however, to the strongly expressed wishes of a number of friends, Mr. Everard has consented for a few days to withhold his resignation. It will be seen from tho telegrams published elsewhere, which havo reached us from a trustworthy source, that the statement pub-, lished in an evening paper in this city, with respect to Mr. M'Kean's meeting at Mary- borough, is a pure fabrication, and that, both in that town and at Carisbrook, Mr. M'Kcan carried everything before Mm, and that both Mr. Grant and the Opposition candidato were, figuratively speaking, no* where. A laTgo and influential meeting of the elec- tors of Essendon was hold on Tuesday night, at tho Lincolnshire Arms in that district to hear Mr.1 J. T, Smith, Mr. Thomas Napier, J.P., ia the chair. Mr. Smith entered at great length into the cause that brought him before his constituents. In answer to a question put by ' Mr.1 Robertson, Mr, ' Smith said that he -would advocate, as lie had always dono, the right of every paront to havo his child edu- cated as he thought fit ; and that ho favoured tho present system of assisted immigration, hut was opposed to a wholesale and undis corning introduction of emigrants. A vote of confidence in Mr. Smith was proposed by Mr. B. J. Cooke, and seconded by Mr. J. M 'Ñamara ; and an amendmont embodying a contrary opinion was also proposed, but tho original proposition was carried by a majority of three to ono. Mr. Smith thon proceeded to Flemington, and addressed a largo meet, 'ing of electors at the Prince Albort Hotel, Mr. Madden in tho chair, whore a vote of confidence, proposed by Mr. George Robin- son and seconded by Mr. J. Findlay, was ¡juried nem. con. with enthusiastic cheers. The inspector-general of public works at- tended at the offico of tho Board of Land and Works yestorday, for the purpose of opening tenders. In the absenoo of tho Minister, no tenders were accepted, but Mr. Wardell announced tho following as' tho lowest ¡-Repairs to Custom-house, J. Riley and Co., £589 ; sundry works at telegraph quarters, William-street, W. Ross, £01 ; works at Modialloc jetty, G. White, £548 17s. ; works at military store, Williamstown, A. Kennedy, £178 13s 6d. ; repairs to iron punt, &c;, John Gibson, £100 ; specimen cases for National Museum, J. F, Kinder, £221 ; .Tor tho supply of about 430 tons of cast-iron pipes for water supply, to bo deliveied in April or May, 1870, Oppenheimor and Co., £8 ¡per ton. A meeting of tho electors of tho Lancefield division of West Bourkowas hold at the Com .mercial Hotel on the evening of the 5th inst., »for tho purpose of hearing Mr. Swallow ex- pound his political views. Mr. James Darby, -J.P., was voted to tho chair, and introduced the candidate to tho meeting by some eulo- gistic remarks. Mr. Swallow was listened to potiontly until he finished. Mr. Little thon put soveral questions to the candidate, who appeared to have a considerable difficulty in answering them. A vote of confidence was proposed and seconded, after which Mr. Carlisle proposed an amendment affirming that Mr. John Thomas Smith had in no de- gree forfeited tho confidence of the electors by his voto on tho want of confidence motion in tho Assembly. The chairman submitted the amendment and resolution to the meet- ing, and declared his incapacity to decide which was carried, tho friends of Mr. Smith stoutly asserting the amendment was carried, A voto of thanks to the chairman terminated the dispute. "Collingwood, tiuo to its traditions," re »marks tho Bendigo Independent, "has shown its appreciation of political charlatanry and ,its obedience to the will of a fallon chief by returning Mr. Vale as its Parliamentary re- presentative. It was almost hoping against hope to expect that, at the eleventh hour, the pocket-borough of Victoria, whose blind i boast it is that its first election was the same as its last, would see the evil of its ways and mark its repentance by revolting against the slavish allegiance it has long owod to that i peculiar form of faith which is known as M'Cullochism, but oven by the most san- guine of the ' Loyal Liberals' it was no1 anticipated that Collingwood would con ihm its own shame by such an overwhelm ing majority. Those who expected bettei things of the electors of that districl scarcely dared to hope for a Constitution^ victory j but, at the worst, a defeat tha ?would save Collingwood from tho wholesah stigma that must now attach to it was lookec for. So far as the contest betwixt the nev and the old Ministry is concerned-for it ii nothing more nor lcs3 than that-the con dition of the two sides is as yet even!; balanced. The former haS secured JSast Mel tourne and the latter Collingwood. It re mains to be seen on whioh side will ultimate!; lie the victorious majority ; but while w admit that the fight is a hard one, we thin] 'hotter of the constituencies that have still t ' pronounce' than to suppose they will f ollov the pitiable examplo set them by Colling wood." " M'Cullochisra not being saved by faith, writes the Ballarat Star, " has fallon bad upon works. Failing to get people to heliov on a pi ¡oí i principles, compounded of s tarli staring bigotry and drivelling folly, it non ' in solemn accent and deep organ tone, ' pre claims its performances, and asks for trus in the future by appealing to the past. WeL we aro quite willing that the appeal shall b made, because our chief reason for holdin M'Cullochism to bo an utter failure is th patent fact that its works are its weaknes and its professions its strongth. Of course w shall bo at once told to look at the number c »ills which wero bernie the Assembly who the blow fell and broko M'Culloch's pride. W have, iu fact, heard a veiy great deal abov this matter of late. 'Look what they wei going to do,' the candidates say ¡ ' seo whi our labours were to be,' ex-Ministeis exclain But, let it be remarked, this is a peculiarity < that system which is called M'Cullochisn It is always, going to do wonders. Any or familiar with our political life has but to can his memory back ovor the last fow session and ho will see that there has always been ti same stato of affairs. ' There ia wondroi potency in your "if."' If it had not been fi a crisis, for corruption exposed, or corpora honour attacked-if something had not o currod which did occur, and always wou' occur under the system, legislation wo\i. have gone on to tho contentment of a Almost every session has been ended in hurry. There was no time to do wh wanted doing, and the present one is on exceptional because the delay has been caus< hy a total defeat, instead of by confusion : the ranks." In reply to a requisition signed by certa of the electors of Castlemaine, calling up< him to resign, Mr. Farrell has written lettor declining to do so, as the docume: was only signed by 1,000 persons, some whom aro not electors, while others are 1 political opponents, and thero aro 4,1 electors on the roll. Amongst tho charg which ho brings against the M'Ci loch Administration is the following : " The late Ministry succeeded inaccomplis ing what no other Ministry, Liberal or Co servativo, would havo been permittod to d Aided by the votes of the squatting mombei they havo been enabled to givo the pastoi runs of tho colony to the squatters fi another ton years at a price far bek their value ; whilst the agricultmal £ lector has to pay a higher price f the land than it is in many cases worth, a« beyond all proportion too great as compar with the rents paid by the pastoral tonan for their runs." Ho adds :--"I fool reliov that we have been enabled to throw off ti thraldom in which the Assembly has, in t interestsof aMinistry, boon for some time he by the subsidised portion of the press vilifyii every member who had the courage to gi -effect to his opinions on the one hand, and portion of some of the constituencies who ha yet to loam the alphabet of political trainin 'insisting on our slavishly following in ti wake of a Ministry, on tho other. I am m taken in the feeling by which the democrat electors of Castlemaine aro actuated if th will exact such degrading conditions fro their representatives. I hope they will hone forward, instead of throwing up their hats < behalf of any Ministry, second the offorts their "members to bring about good logisl lion for tho general interests. It is only ' following such a course that they can hope, have measures passed into law of which th approve, and that mombors will bo enabled act as representatives in Parliament shoa do, viz., to bring the Cabinet ' under tho he *>£ authority,' instead of their tacitly sa mittingto tho system which has obtainod f a time of endeavouring to render Parliame subsidiary to the Cabinet." The Technological Commission held a meet- ing yesterday afternoon, at the New Exhibi- tion-buildings - present, Rev. Dr. Bleasdale and Messrs. Blair and Thomas, M.L.A.'s.' Dr. Bleasdale was voted to the chair, in the ab- sence of the president. The chairman brought up drafts of two separate sets of questions, addressed severally to teachers of common schools and conductors of superior schools, and to masters and employers of labour throughout the colony, inquiring into the means at present in existence for imparting practical instruction in the various arts and sciences to pupils and apprentices; and also as to the best methods of establishing and promoting the same. The drafts, as read, were approved and adopted, and it was resolved that copies of them should be at once forwarded to the head teachers of all the principal public and private schools, and to all heads of extensive manufactories and workshops. The subject of lectures in connexion with the commission was also discussed, and it was stated that Dr. Bleas- dale would be prepared at an early date to deliver one on the nature and advantages of technological instruction. It was also mentioned that the want of the use of a sufficient portion of the Exhibition-buildings to carry out the scheme of the technological commission had been one of the principal causes of any apparent apathy on the part of the commission, and that the commission regretted any appearance of apathy on their part - for what many seemed to take for apathy was only prudence. In a speech delivered by Mr. Byrne at Pleasant Creek on Monday, he mentioned an illustration of the system of "proper repre- sentations" which had como under his notice at Elmhurst :-" A poor man had applied for 'land under the 42nd section of the act, and after the survoy had been completed and paid for, and tho-applieant had sold off his furni- ture and moved to the spot, ho was informed that the land had been taken up under the 12th section of the act, by Mr. Langley, a son-in-law of the neighbouring squatter. The consequence was that the poor man had been turned adrift, and had lost, not only the fee which he had paid to the surveyor, but the expense incurred by the sale of his effects, and his rom oval. This ho rogarded as a most severe hardship on the intending selector." From the Tarrengower Times we learn that Mr. Powell, who with his wife was so cruelly murdered by tho natives, whon on an expedi- tion in Abyssinia, was related to the hon. member for Maldon, Mr. Williams. Mr. Powell was, wo believe, a cousin of Mr. Wil- liams, and was always distinguished by his love of adventure. Orville and The Earl havo been scratched for the Melbourne Cup. The inhabitants of this city and its suburbs will leam with amazement and alarm that the Yan Yean Reservoir receives the entire drainage of the township of Whittlesea, a place containing about 700 inhabitants. This repulsive fact was brought out by Dr. Richard, son, in a papor read at a meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria last night, which will be found fully reported in another column. We observe that in the Legislative Council of New South Wales, on the 29th ult., the following resolution was unanimously agreed to:-"That this Council desires to oxpress and placo on record in its minutes its sense of the great loss the colony and the House have sustained in the death of the Hon. John Hubert Plunkett, who, through the ability, integrity, and independence he uniformly manifested in various high offices, during n period of nearly forty years, had won, in an eminent degree, the confidence of the people of this country." A high tribute to the moral worth, intellectual capacity, and social affec tions of the deceased gentleman was paid both by Mr. Owen, who proposed, and by Mr, Deas Thomson, who seconded the foregoinf resolution ; and Sir William Manning, Mr Docker, and Mr. Allen likewise spoke warmlj of the many amiable traits in the charactoi of'the late Mr, Plunkett, by which he hac endeared himself to all who knew him. We aro requested to stato that the Mel bourne Hunt Club Races are postponed te Saturday, tho ICth of October, owing to tin condition of tho course consequent upon tin late heavy íain. The members of the borough council o) Fitzroy last evening, after voting £50 toward! tho stall to bo held by the ladies of Fitzroy a the forthcoming bazaar in aid of the nev wing for tho Benevolent Asylum, busied them selves over a matter which struck them a¡ being very important, viz, whether a mo lion, after it had been moved and seconded and partially discussed, could be ruled out o order by the mayor. A motion was made fo obtaining counsel's opinion upon the point One councillor advanced a novel argumon against the ruling-that ho had heard ¡ similar question raised in the Legislativ Assembly, and the Speaker rule that after motion had been moved and seconded i became the property of the House ; therefore he concluded, that unless the point of orde was raised before the seconder roso the mc tion must bo put, whether in order or th contrary. It was decided that the connci should not go to tho expense of a counsel1 fee, nor write to the Spoaker on the subjeel as one councillor suggested, hut havo the im portant question decided by a committee A revision court of the electoral roll fo Gipps Ward was held yestorday, at tho Ten: perance-hall, Russell-street, before Aldorma Walker and Messrs. George Chaplin an Edward AVilson, the assessors of the ware Messrs. Brandt, Burn, and Stephen claime to be admitted to the roll. Mr. Brandt name was already on the roll. Mr. Burn claim was admitted. Mr. Stephen's clair was not allowed, as his rates were not paie Ten names were struck off tho roll for nor payment of rates, and four names of decease persons. A number of corrections were mad in the names and places of residence < electors. The Horticultmal Society of Victoria hoi their usual monthly meeting at the Mechanic Institute yesterday, Mr. Moule, vice-pres dent, in tho chair. Amongst the oorrespont enco sent out was a letter to the Royi Horticultural Society of England, asking fe a further donation of fruit scions for th colony. Tho Garden Committee's report wr read and adopted, which stated that the had decided to tence in the fruit portion t the' gardens from visitors ; also that stet had been taken to commence tronching ti now grounds. The committee woro en powered to take the necessary steps ft carrying out an exhibition on the 13th Ni vembor; and, after some other routiri business had been transacted, the follov ing now members wero reported :-Messr Wolchman, Broughton, Fincham, H. . Hart, *Dr. Cornell, and Usher. The fo lowing exhibits were sent in : - Mr. Col of Hawthorn, four varieties of seedling stau berries, fully ripe, raised by him, and name respectively black princess, tho leader, Cole early hardy, and Cole's early white ; M Brunuing, St. Kilda, three varieties of gladioli greatly admired, named Vandyke, Fra Angoli and Schiller ; Mr. Sims, of Brlgh ton, a larç collection of annuals, amongst which was new seetlling clianthus, named Victoria, also double-quilled daisy (white), and nemophil attomaria folia variegated leaf variety ; D; von Mueller showed two plants in flower, on belonging to the aloe family, from tho Caí of Good Hopo, and urceolina aurea ; M Ronalds, Richmond, three very beautift caladiums, named chantinti, wightii, an marmozatum. At the request of the Bishop of Melbourm thanksgiving services for tho present rai will be held in all the Anglican churches ti day. i At the service to be held at St. Phillip'i East Collingwood, this evening, a colloctio will bo made for the Benevolent Asylum. A meeting of the owners of property in Jol mont-street and Latrobo-parade, Jolimon was held last night at the Parade Hotel, for the puposo of taking steps for the forming and metalling of those streets, in accordance with an offer made by the City Council to bear one-half of the cost, The property holders in these streets had been communi- cated with, and all had signified their willing- ness to pay their proportion of the expendi- ture, which, according to an estimate fur- nished by the city surveyor, would amount to £013 15s. 4d. in the case of Jolimont-street, and £412 4s. for Latrobo-parade. It was .decided t draw up an undertaking and havo io taken round to the contributors for signa tuie, in order that there might be as little delay as possible in getting the work com- menced. A meeting of residents of St, Kilda was held last evening, at the Town-hall, for the purpose of considering the best method of assisting the committee of the Benevolent Asylum to enlarge the building by adding a new wing, which has become necessary in consequence of the numerous applications for admission which havo had to bo refused for want of room. Several ladies wore present, but the attendance was very small. Mr. J. Oldham, the mayor, was in the chair. A dis- cussion of a conversational character took place as to tho best steps to adopt, and it was ultimately decided to call a meeting of the ladies of St. Kilda for Thursday week, at 3 o'clock, at tho Town-hall, to consider whether it would be bettci to assist the asylum with a money donation, or for the ladies to furnish a stall foi the bazaar it is contemplated to hold in December next for tho purpose of raising funds to supplement the Government grant. It was estimated that, including the amount likely to be voted by the municipal council, upwards of £230 might be collected in St. Kilda. During the healing yesterday at the County Court of the case of Butters v. Pattison, which was an action brought to rccovei £15 on an IOU, the question of costs under tho new County Court Act evoked some slight discussion. The suit was undefended, and Mr. Spensley, who appeared for the plaintiff, having applied for costs, his Honoui awarded 25s. Mr. Spensley objected to the smallness of tho amount, and urged that under the new scalo bo was entitled to £3 14s. Gd. His Honour was of opinion that ho had a discretion in tho matter. The counsel however pointed out that, under the 36th and 38th sections of the act, his Honour's discio tion was limited to cases under £10, except in cases of work and labour and goods sold and delivered, nis Honour having consulted tho act, said that thero must have been an over- sight in arranging the scale, inasmuch as at present very exorbitant costs could be do' xaanded in undefended cases. Ho said that he would consider tho question, and then givo his decision. Subsequently, in tho case of Twogood v. M'Oregor, an action on a guaran- tee, in which a verdict was had for the defen- dant, Mr. Newton revived the discussion relativo to costs, nis Honour, having heard tho arguments uiged, granted the costs claimed, namely, £5 14s.' Cd., the same de- cision applying to the case in which Mr. Spensley appeared. Mehtner v. Abrahams was an action to recover £5, money lent. The defendant made a set-off of £0 for goods sold and delivered. The case occupied the Court for a considerable time. Thedefendant brought foi ward two young lads to prove the delivery of the goods in question, but their evidence being somewhat at variance, and the docu- mentary proofs not being of a very satisfac- tory character, his nonour gave a verdict for the plaintiff, with £14s. costs. "Tho weather," reports tho Government astronomer, "still remains in an unsettled state, and although comparatively little rain has been falling since Tuesday-the total amount since 3 p.m. amounting only to 0'2»in.-thero is every indication of more coming. The barometer has been rising from 20 39in. on Tuesday to 20-65in. this (Wednes- day) morning, but sinco has been again fall- ing ; and the same is reported from some of tho coast stations. The gale which has been blowing at Adelaide and Guichen Bay has subsided ; hut with a low and still falling barometer, more ugly weather is expected there. The height of tho tide, as indicated by the tide-gauge at Williamstown breakwatei at 3 p.m. to-day (Wednesday), was 4ft. 8in., which is lin. less than the mean spring- tide, It is also reported nom Williamstown thal three shocks of an earthquake wero felt then this (Wednesday) morning at about "8.45 accompanied by a heavy rumbling sound Theio has been no shock felt at tho Observa tory, nor any indications of such." In the City Police Court yesterday, tw< miserable half-clad children, aged eight andl years, were charged with stealing a quantit: of cartridges, to the value of £i, from Mt Aarons, in Little Bourke-street. From th ev idenco given in this case, it appears tha the two boys, in company with two other about the same ago, broke a hole through ¡ brick wall, and stole the cartridges from ai outhouse, where they were kept for safety Having got possession of them, they did no attempt to sell them, but hid them in parcel about tho neighbourhood. Tho mother c the younger boy, whose name is Lane gave information to the police of her soi having some cartridges in his possession A cabinetmaker named Lawn said ho was th father of the other boy, and that in conse quence of his wife boing confined to her bei with rheumatism ho managed to get out o tho house at night. Mr. Call gave him severe reprimand on the manner he wa biinginghis son up, and ordered both parent to become responsible in the sum of £15 fo thoir better behaviour for tho future. Th two other boys have not yet boen caught. Two cases of accidental injury to children were admitted to the Melbourne Hospital yesterday. James Dowdle, aged 15, was scalded while carrying a kettle of hot water from the kitchen to the parlour of the Sydney Hotel, William- street ; and Henry Pratt, agei five years, living at Nunawading, had hi right foot cut by au axe, with which hi brother was chopping wood. On the night of the 2lst tilt, a mare valued at £200, near foaling, belonging t0 Mr. Thomas Watson, Campbellfield, Gisborne was maliciously and fatally injured, and Mr. Watson offers a reward of £300, to be paid to whoever may give such information as will lead to the conviction of the offender. A correspondent has complained to us that Luke Clarke, a seaman belonging to the ship Melpomene, now at the Sandndge railway pier, has been lying sick on hoard that vessel the captain not permitting him to be sent to the hospital. We have made a strict in- quiry into the case, and in justice to Captain Osborne, the master, publish tho followin particulars ¡-Clarke was taken ill about fiv weeks since, and remained so when the ves sel arrived in the bay from Liverpool, oi last Saturday week. Before the vessel hai cast anchor an hour, Dr. Curtis, of Sandridge was sent for to visit tho sick man, and h found him suffering from severo constipa tion. Ho applied the proper remedies and the man is now convalescent, not however, being able to leave bis berth fo more than a fow minutes each day. On av riving in port the captain wished to sond th poor fellow to the hospital, but Dr. Curti objected, not thinking that his patient wouli do so well thero as on board. Whether i berth in an open forecastle is the best plac for a sick man may bo open to question, but so far as our inquiry has gone, it seems clea that the authorities of the vessel are not t blame for Clarke's detention on board, am as the story has got abroad, it may be as wel to state so. A meeting of the ratepayers of Prahran convened by the mayor, in pursuanco of ¡ numerously signed requisition, was held las eTCning, in the local town-hal], for tho pui pose ¡of considering tho proposod' division o the borough into wards., Mr. jLacèy (mayor I prended. The attendance was not very large. Mr. James Scott moved the first re- solution, which was to the effect that the proposed division of the borough into wards could not bo justifiod on the ground of any unfair distribution of'tho borough funds, and could only tend to increase local jealousies, and was opposed to the best interests of the borough. Ho said thathe deemed the agitation of those dcsirous'of bringing about the altera- tion in their municipal system had coased for ever after tho failure which had attended a similar movement some years previously. He believed Mr. Crews and others wore at the bottom of it, and if such were the case, he was much disappointed at thoir conduct. Ho did notseowhatadvantago was likely to ariso from the proposed division, while the objections to it'were quite apparent, and were such as wore alluded to in the resolution submitted to the meeting. Mr. Turner seconded the propo- sition, and urged varieus reasons, moro parti- cularly on the ground that it would lead to a partial disfranchisement of the ratepayers, why the proposed division should not bo car- ried out. Mr. Vail supported the motion, which was carried. Mr. Nott moved the next resolution, ns follows:-"That a me- morial be prepared, and signed by the burgesses, addressed to the mayor and council, requesting them to take such steps as they should consider most desirable to prevent such pioposed division of the borough." Mr. E. B. Taylor, seconded, and Mr. Wright supported, the proposition, which was carried by a largo majority. Mr. Turner moved that a committee, consisting of Messrs. Scott, Nott, Vail, Taylor, and the mover, bo appointed to draw up the memorial to be signed by the ratepayers, and presented to tho council, protesting against tho divi- sion of the borough. The motion was seconded and passed. The chairman in- formed the meeting that he understood Mr. Crews, with whom ho had a conversation on the subject a few days prêt ionsly, was op- posed to the chango. The borough council was also adverse to it, and he believod all right-thinking ratepayers would agroo with them. Tho names of several îatepayers having been added to the committee, a vote of thanks was passed to the mayor, and the proceedings terminated, The Bellarine Shire Council, at their meet- ing yestorday, determined to make applica- tion to Government to place a sum of £1,000 on the Estimates, for the purpose of erecting a jetty at Drysdale. Tho council consider the district, which is a large agricultural one, ia lairly entitled to this advantage in common with other districts of less importance. A meeting of the Alliance Company, Ben- digo, was held at tho Beehive- chambers, Sandhurst, yesterday, in order to decide whether three of the directors wero justified in dismissing the mining manager. Mr. Sprigg occupied tho chair, and about 21,800 shares were represented. After a stormy dis- cussion, extending over, three hours, the action of the directors was confirmed. Messrs. M'Cutchcon, Fosdyke, and Bisset wore elected directors. Mr. Pringle, the legal manager, resigned, as he stated the action of the directors had stultified him. It waa agreed to give the mining manaqor a testi- monial. Just befoie the last scene of "Hamlet" at the Theatre Royal last night a panic on a small scale appeared to seize a portion of the audience, in consequence of an alarm of lire being raised by tho "gods." The only foundation for the sudden surprise seems to have been that some Chinamen had boen letting off crackers in Little Bourke-street, in celebrating a religious ceremony, and the smoke was seen coming from the upper part of the stage. The geneiality of the audienco drd not know what was the matter, but the noise of a rush in the gallery was quite enough to cause a number of persons in other parts of the house to make for the doors, and the exclamation that some one was foolish enough to make that the tidal wave was coming perhaps had tho offect of increasing their speed. However, it re- quired but a few seconds to show that the alarm was needless, though the house was some minutes in settling down to quietude again, and tho ghost had once moro to come from the grave with the assurance that thore was not the slightest cause for the agitation. Herr Bandmann also felt called upon to re- mark that this glorious country was not destined to go down yet for some thousands of years. The audienco cheered, and the piece proceeded without further interruption. Might wo venture to suggest to tho police the desirability of ícstraining Celestial en- thusiasm when it is calculated to work harm to other persons? Rumours relativo to the cause of tho alarm differing from that here assigned, wero in geneial circulation last night, which it would be well for the manage- ment of the theatre to inquire into, and clear up as soon as possible. The impression produced by Herr Band- mann last Satuidny night, at the Theatia Royal, in the character of Hamlet, has been in010 than sustained by his subse- quent performances. It is confessedly the woik, not of an actor who plays a part with that sort of mechanical attention to stage lequirements which a perfunctory com- pliance with traditional indications might suggest, but the artistically-oxpiessod result of a carefully matured and thoroughly digested Shaksporian study. Herr Band- mann, moreover, has shown how a conception totally dureront from any to which wo have been accustomed, may yot bo mado to repre- sent as absoluto a tiuth as others which aro enthely differently worked out. It will be lound, too, on seeing Herr Bandmann's «Hamlet more than once, that his variations from what we havo learnt to consider received methods, convey with them some good reason for tho variation-that is to say, that the variation has that ob. vious quality, As an instance of the conscientious manner in which Herr Baud, mahn attends to what might be regarded as non-essential details, it may be mentioned that the playoi-queen is habited on her first entrance in the second act as a boy, it being tbo rule in Shakspearo's time-as need hardly be remarked-for the woman-parts to bo sustained by young mon and boys. Miss E\ ans's Ophelia, of which briof mention was made the other day, is tho most ineffective representation of the character we have soon for some time. It presents all those faults of btaginess which have boon too conspicuous in " Blow for Blow" and " Narcisse," but with a greater degree of prominence. Miss Evans is confessedly intelligent, very painstaking, and oxtiemely attentive to the business of tho scene, but her intolerable posturing and in- expressive vocal inflections, moro than counterbalance her merit. Tho Horatio of Mr. Leathcs deserves mention for its quiet gentlemanly character. Mr. Leathos has tho fault of not seeming quite at his caso, birt his appearance is greatly in his favom, and he has the excollont quality of not acting in the routine fashion which nearly every actor who has played this part of Horatio in Molbourno has appeared to con- sider himself hound to act. Mr. Ireland is to bo strongly commonded for the excellont de- livery of the King's speech in tho third act, so praisoworthily restored. Mr. Ireland's fine voice serves him well in the rocital of this passage, and ho makes tho very best use of it. Mrs. W. Lawrance plays Osric prettily ; though, as wo havo said boforo, why a lady should almost invariably bo selected to play this part, is quite beyond explanation. Mrs, Lawrence's dress, however, is quite too fomi [ nine for tho part. Sho loóles more hke a hallet girl than a young courtier. I ThethanksgivingservicosatTrinityChurch, East Melbourne, will bo conducted this morn- ing by the .very reverend the dean, and this evening by the bishop of the diocese. . A meeting of,tho inhabitants of West Mel- bourne'has been1 convened,'to consider the propriety of closing the Immigrants' Hospital in Bourke-stroetwest. i The Prahran Readings wore well attended last evening, taking into consideration the unfavourable weather, and an excellent pro- gramme afforded evident satisfaction to an enthusiastic audience. (The consul for Portugal, Mr. Ricardo Cooper, requests us ,to mention that ho and the vice-consul for that kingdom» wero pro- sont at the meeting of consuls held to pre- sent an address to General Latham. iWe have been requested to mention that Mr. Andrew Cohn, and not Mr. Henry Cohn, is.tho defendant in the caso of the Melbourne and Hobson'» Bay United Raihvay Company v. Gokn. A meeting qf tho parishioners of Trinity,. East Melbourne was held on Monday cvon ing, the Rev. Dr. Tucker in the chair, when Messrs. Alex. Leslie and R. George Haig wero elected to represent the parish in tho Church Assembly. In consequence of to-day having been sot apart for a solemn thanksgiving, the St. Kilda popular entertainment has been postponed until Thursday next, when the price of ad- mission will be raised to 2s. Gd,, a first-rato concert provided, and tho proceeds handed over to the Bonevolent Asylum. A meeting of the friends of Mr. Richard Bowen, one of the candidates for the office of assessor for Bourke Ward, now vacant, was held last evening at the West Melbourno Literary Institute, Mr. Kuaggs in tho chair, when steps were taken to secure that gentle- man's election. A meeting was held last night at Buckley's Kilkenny Hotel, West Melbourne, with tho object of arranging plans for securing Mr. Henry Clarke's success in to-day's election for the office of assessor to Bourke Ward. Mr. Irvine, the late occupant of the position, and present candidate for tho higher dignity of councillor, being in the chair. Owing to the nail of the Mechanics' Insti- tuto being pre-engaged, tho members of tho Eclectic Association will hold their usual monthly meeting in the now library of the Royal Society's hall, corner of Stephen and Latiobe streets, at 8 o'clock this evening, when the adjourned debate on Mr. Turnor s paper on Spiritualism will bo continued. The usual monthly meeting of the Third Victoria Building Society was held last cvon ing, at their offices, 50 Littlo Collins-street east; Mr. G. W. Rusden in the chair. He announced the month's receipts to be £9,989. Seventy and a quarter shares were sold at nominal premiums, and 101 shares wero bal lotted. Tho second of a series of three lectures on "The Orbs of Heaven" wa3 delivered last night by Mr. J. Melvin, at the Melbourne Me- chanics' Institute. The lecturo was illustrated by no less than 41 dissolving views, giving rcpicsentations of the various planetary and stellar bodies, winding up with four beautiful representations of the seasons, which wore much admired by the audience. The attend- ance was very fair, and tho lecturer was listened to throughout with tho greatest at- tention. Tho third lecture of tho series will be delivered this evening. The monthly mooting of the committoo of tho Melbourne and Suburban City Mission was held in St. Enoch's class-room yesterday, Rev. A. M. Ramsay in the chair ; present with him, Revs. Beecher, Moir, Hamilton, and Edwards. A letter was icad from Mr. Cromack, tho newly-appointed missionary, agreeing to tho terms proposed by the committee. His sphore of labour lies in the southorn districts Prahran, St. Kilda, Emerald-hill. Letters wero lead from tho missionaries in answer to in- quiries respecting the number of their fami- lies, for the guidanco of tho treasurer in pay- ing salaries aftor the present month. Tho committee, after hearing a report on the subject, agreed to employ tho collector, in future, at a definite per ceutago. Mr. Beechor reported that tho proceeds of the tea-meeting in Hotham amounted to about £14. Arrange- ments were then entered into for the annual meeting on the ovening of Tuesday, 2nd November. _ 