ANNUAL SPEECH DAYS. WESLEY COLLEGE. Yesterday was for the boys of Wesley Col- lege that all-important day in the year which goes by the name of speech day; and St. George's-hall was tha place in which the cere monies proper to such an occasion were duly carried out. The body of the hall and the chief part of the gallery were occupied by an interested audience of ladies and gentlemen the former, of course, being the more nume- rous, or how would the scene have looked, and what pleasure would the occasion have been to the young gentlemen of the college who in such large numbers confronted the spectators from the stage, and made so many of those that were admiring them and the results of their industry feel almost envious of their distinc- tion ? His Excellency the Governor presided, and he was accompanied by Lady Manners Sutton, Miss Manners Sutton, Lieuteuant Rothwell (A.D.C.), and Mr. H. C. Manners Sutton (private secretary), all of whom, toge- ther with the Rev. James Waugh (president of the college), the Rev. J. Dare, the Rev. J. Bickford, Dr. Corrigan, and others, were seated upon a platform at the western side of the building. The opposite side was orna- mented with specimens of the handiwork of the pupils in the way of drawings in chalk and colours and ornamental writings. The proccedings of the day were commenced with the hymn, "Come, Gracious Spirit," and a short prayer, when the following programme of recitations, readings, and songs was carried out by the boys : PART 1. Recitations.-"The Young Orator," Osborne; " Universal Emancipation" (Curran), Johnston, ma, ; " The Ocean" (Byron), Chambers, mi. ; " Lenore" (E. A. Poe), Griffin. Part Song.-"Let us as Brothers." ' Recitation.-" Mary's Ghost" (Hood), Hull. Reading.-"Nathan's Reply to David," Moore, mi. Recitations.-"The Sea Captain's Story" (Bulwer Lytton), Atkins; "Rienzi to the Romans (Mitford), Beauchamp, ma. Part Song. -" April Song." "The Flying Frenchman."-Frenchman, Little; English Shopkeeper, Robortson; Policeman, Lyons; Mayor of the Borough, Shaw. Reading.-"Sydney Garton and the Poor Seamstress at the foot of the Guillotine (Dickens) Hart. ma. Recitation.-" Selection from a Speech on the Ame- rican War" (Chatham)/ Antrobus. The reading of the reports of the president and head-master took place at this stage, but it will be more convenient to introduce the second part of the programme before giving the reports : PAKT II. Part Song - " The Foot Traveller." The Quarrel Scene from "Douglas" (Home).-Nor- val, Hart, ma.; Glenalvon, Cooke; Lord Randolph, Sides. Recitations.-"The Battle of Ivry" (Macaulay), Flockhart, ma.; "Destruction of Sennacherib " (Byron), Hart, mi.; "I'll find a way, or make it" (Mackay), Robertson. PartSong.-"Music everywhere." Scene from ' ' Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme" (Moliere) -M. Jourdain, Whitney, ma ; Le Maitre d'Armes, Wright, max ; Le Maitre de Danse, Chambers, ma. ; Le Maitre de Musique, Welshman, ma. ; Le Maitre de Philosophie, Craig. Recitations.-" Driving Home the Cows " (Anon), Hill, mi ; " The Burial of Moses" (Alexander), Flock- hart, mi. Part Song.-" Christmas Carol." Scene from "The Blind Boggar of Bethnal Green." -Old Small, Atkins ; Young Small, Beauchamp, ma. ; Peter, Chambers. The programme was most creditably car- ried out. The recitations by Atkins and Beauchamp, ma., were exceedingly well done ; and the reading by Hart, ma., in the first part, could scarcely have been improved upon. In short, in the recitations and in the short scenes from plays that were introduced, the boys showed that they had been in the hands of an able trainer (Mr. T. P. Hill), and their efforts could not but have sug- gested to most of the listeners the regret that older people, whose business is much speaking, should so commonly let the world see that their education in this re- spect must have been much neglected, or that when they have learned what to say they should have altogether forgotten how to say it. In music, the display the boys made was not so striking, but it was nevertheless pleasing. The Rev. JAMES WAUGH, in reading a brief report as president of the college, spoke with satisfaction of the success that the school had met with, considering its comparative juvenility, and of the voluntary testimony which had been borne by parents and others to the character of its educational and general management. The committee had the greatest confidence in their learned and indefatigable head-master, and the staff of teachers by whom he was surrounded. Having borne witness to the industry and good conduct of the boys, the rev. gentleman referred to one disdvantage which the college laboured under in common with other schools-viz., the limited time usually allotted by parents for completing the grammar-school education of their sons. The evil might, perhaps, be diminished as society in the colony became more established but at present, considered from an educational point of view, it operated injuriously to a great extent. There were boys in the college who were not mere birds of passage, whom for successive years they hoped to be permitted to rear and train ; they would be followed by and bye by others, and thus the college would be able to furnish the University, and through it the higher walks of mercantile and professional life, with many an aspiring youth upon whom Wesley College and Victoria might look with honest pride. Thanks were tendered to Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Newton, and other friends for sums of money for the purchase of prizes, and a hope expressed that next year others might follow the example of these gentlemen. He (the, president) had suc- ceeded in forming a valuable library for the boarders, and they would have full use of it during next year. A fe w months ago the front of the building was finished in ac- cordance with the original plans of the architect. The committee have undertaken large additions to the college, at a cost of more than £2,000. By this extension a large dining-hall, a swimming bath, dormitories, classrooms, and other apartments would be added to the building. Those would be ready for occupation at the end of the Christmas holidays. Two vacancies for day scholars, which the original subscribers had the power of filling up without paying fees, had occurred, and would be filled up in January by election. The rev. gentleman finished by reminding His Excellency that he did them the honour of presiding at their first speech day, three years ago. Dr. CORRIGAN, as head-master, submitted a report upon educational operations during the year. The number of pupils in attend- ance during the year was 193, including 56 resident boarders. During the last session the number in attendance was 173, embracing 48 boarders, under which head were not in- cluded day pupils who dine at the college. The entire number in attendance for the past 12 months included pupils from the neighbouring colonies of New South Wales, South Australia, Western Australia, Tas- mania, and New Zealand, in fact, all the Australian colonies except Queensland were represented. Since the opening of the college the numbers had stood as follows :-At the close of (the first year) 1866, 80 pupils ; at the close of 1867,120 pupils ; at the close of 1868, 150 pupils ; during the last session this year, 173 pupils. During the first and second years a considerable majority of the pupils were under 12 years of ago, in the third year the numbers under and over 12 were nearly equal, while this year a large majority were over 12. Those who entered four years ago, at from nine to 10, were now advanced to the highest classes, and were amongst the best and most promising pupils. During this year three had obtained certificates from the board of examiners of the Civil Service, and 12 went up to the examination held on the 10th ult., the result of which had not yet been an- nounced. Three presented themselves for matriculation in the Melbourne University, and passed creditably. Six more would be prepared for matriculation in February next. The number was increasing from year to year. A former student has recently obtained second class honours and a University exhibition in his second year. Though the college had not time to compete for many of the higher Uni- versity distinctions, it asserted its claim to an honourable place amongst the sister institutions of Victoria, towards which they entertained the most cordial goodwill. It was even a source of gratification that while the numbers at Wesley College were in- creasing from quarter to quarter, the growth of the college had not, to any perceptible ex- tent, been made at the expense of the older pub- lic schools. The Draper scholarship had again induced spirited and close competition. Its object was to induce the youth who obtained it, and who would otherwise pass away from the school, to remain another year to prepare for the University. This year, as well as last, that object had been fully accom- plished. It would, however, greatly serve the interests of higher education if steps were taken to supplement the Draper scholarship by the endowment of, an exhi- bition to the University. In speaking of the attainments of the boys, and paying a high tribute to his assistants, Dr. Corrigan stated that recent searching examinations had in many cases shown proficiency of a high order. By far the most important aspect of a school was its moral tone-its influence on the formation of character-and in this re- spect, more than any other, had improvement been manifest. The second part of the entertainment by the boys having been given at the close of these reports, as already mentioned, His EXCELLENCY rose to address the audi- ence. He said,-Ladies and gentlemen, The recitations and other performances to which we have listened with so much grati- fication and pleasure have concluded the studies of the pupils and the labours of those who are entrusted with the management of this institution for the year 1869. It only remains for me to distribute the prizes to those whose industry and talents have enabled them to gain such rewards. But before I perform that pleasing duty I am anxious to avail myself of this opportunity of congratu- lating both the scholars and the masters of Wesley College-and I am sure you will authorise me to express your participation in those congratulations-on the very satisfac- tory reports which have been read to us this afternoon. (Cheers,) I congratulate the masters upon being able to present such satis- factory reports, and I congratulate the pupils upon having enabled the masters to do so ; for if their conduct had not been good, of course the reports would not have been satis- factory. Both the president and the head- master have been kind enough to remind you that I was present at the first anniversary meeting of Wesley College. I intended by my attendance on that occasion to mark the inte- rest which I felt in the success of that then nascent institution. I can assure you that that interest has not been diminished: and therefore it is that I have heard with very great satisfaction that from the first moment of the commencement of its operations this institution has been in- creasing in numbers, and that the conduct of the pupils has uniformly given satisfaction to the masters. I am not about to trouble you with any report upon those reports. It would be useless, and would cause unnecessary delay ; but there is one passage in the report of the head master, and it is only an inci- dental one, to which I wish to call your attention, and of which I wish to express my highest approval. I have observed with the greatest satisfaction that the head master while showing by his words as well as by his acts the deepest interest in the college of which he is the head-states distinctly that he and those who are connected with him entertain the most cordial good will to the sister insti- tutions. Now, ladies and gentlemen, I don't know whether you have, but probably you have, seen in the newspapers that it has been my pleasing duty to attend similar meetings of sister institutions within the last few days -(cheers)-and I think that a very deep in- terest in each one of these institutions is compatible with a deep interest in all. It is quite true that they must be regarded as competing with each other, and I hope they will continue to compete with each other, and thus promote excellence in all. But with that competition there ought to be no jealousy. Of course, the pupils of each must stand up for their own school. Remember that every pupil of Wesley College should stand up for the Wesley College, as the pupils of the Church of England Gram- mar-school for their school, and the pupils of the Scotch College for their college, in the same way as I, an Etonian, stand up for Eton, and my son, as a Har- rovian stands up for Harrow. Ladies and gentlemen, although there ought to be this attachment to the institution of which each is a member, and although these institu- tions ought to compete with each other, there ought still to be no jealousy between them; for in point of fact they are co-operating with each other ; their object is the same ; each of them is complete in itself; and each is part of a general system. That system is the system of a liberal edu- cation. The object which each and all of these institutions has in view is the promotion of that libeial education and of a high moral and gentlemanlike-I use the term in its best acceptation-feeling among the young people of this place. (Cheers.) In distributing the prizes, let me express to those pupils who have not been successful on this occasion my hope that they will continue to work, with the assurance that if they follow that advice they will be more successful here- after. (Cheers.) The distribution of the prizes then took place. We subjoin the prize-list : - SPECIAL PRIZES. Draper Scholarship, £25-Wright, max. By Mr. L. J. Sherrard, for the pupil passing the best University matriculation examination, £10-Hart, ma. By Mr. L. J. Sherrard, for prox. access in Draper Scholarship examination, books, value £5 5s.-Moss. By Mr. L. J. Sherrard, for highest per- centage of total marks obtainable in lower division of Upper School, books, value £5 5s. Johnston, ma., Moors, mi,, equal. By Mr. Thomas Newton, for highest marks obtained by pupils under 12 years of age, books, value £3 3s.-Blackie. President's prize for exemplary conduct in the house, awarded by the boarders- Fryer, mi. Head master's prize for best essay on " Patriotism," books, value £2 2s-Sides. By Mr. J. Clezy, B.A., for best poem on "The Crusades," books, value £2 2s. Atkins. By Mr. J. R. Needham, for the pupil showing most improvement in writing during the session, a handsome writing desk Smith, ma. Supplementary prize for marked pro- ficiency considering age-Welshman, ma. GENERAL PROFICIENCY, Class 6. - Hemmy. Class 5. - Stoddart. Class 4.-Monie. Class 3.-Smith, ma. Class 2.-Lawrance. Class 1.-Senior Division. Hobbs. Junior Division.-Vail. BIBLE. Class 4.-Third Division.-Wearne, ma. Second Division-Straw, ma. First Division. -Slaney. Class 3.-Senior Division.-Sayce, ma. Junior Division.-Antrobus. Class 2. Senior Division-Smith, ma. Junior Divi- sion.-Parker, Class 1.-Plaisted. CLASSICS. Class 7.-Atkins. Class 6.-Watts ; John- ston 2nd. Class 5.-Griffin, ma. ; Cook, mi, 2nd. Class 4.Monie ; Kingham, 2nd. Class 3.-Rogers; Smith, ma., 2nd. Class 2. Kent. Class 1.-Parker, Hobbs, 2nd. MATHEMATICS. Arithmetic. - Class 6. - Wright, max. : Rogers, 2nd. Class 5.-Evans ; Peirce, 2nd. Class 4.-Moors, mi. ; Oakley, ma., 2nd. Class 3.-Lewis, mi. ; Blackie, 2nd. Class 2. -Ducket; Beauchamp, mi., 2nd. Class 1. Second Division.-Baker. First Division. -Burrows. Geometry.-Class 4.-John- ston, ma. -Class 3.-Watts. Class 2. Whitney, ma.; Rolfe (equal). Class 1,-Booth. Algebra.-Class 2-Senior Division.-Wright, max. Junior Division.-Hemmy, Class 1 Senior Division.-Whitney, ma. Junior Di- vision,-Symons. NATURAL SCIENCE. Sides. Lecturer's Special Prize for Note Book.-Sides. ENGLISH. Grammar, Composition, and Dictation.- , Class 6.-Atkins. Class 5.-Wright, ma. ; Stoddart, 2nd. Class 4.-Rogers ; Rolfe, 2nd. Class 3.-Moors, mi.; Watsford, 2nd. Class 2.-Smith, ma.; Parker, 2nd. Class 1. Hobbs ; Burrows, 2nd. History.-Class 7. Atkins. Class 6.-Hemmy. Class 5.-Straw, ma.; Stoddart, 2nd. Class 4.-Farquhar ; Lyons, ma., 2nd. Class 3.-Robertson ; Her- vey, 2nd. Class 2.-Lawrance. Class 1 Senior Division.-Moors, mi. Geography. Class 5,-Hemmy ; Newman, 2nd. Class 4. Stoddart ; Rogers, 2nd ; Tulloch, ma., for map drawing. Class 3.-Chambers, max; Griffin, ma. Class 2.-Moors, ma.; Farquhar, 2nd. Class 1.-Whitney, mi. ; Hobbs, 2nd. Special Prize for best Essay, by pupils under 12.-Beauchamp, mi. ; Chambers, min., equal. Special Prize for best Essay, by pupils under 10.-Fraser, mi. ; Johnson, mi., equal. MODERN LANGUAGES. French.-Class 7-Whitney, ma. Class 6 Wright, ma. ; Shaw, ma. Class 5-Moors, mi. ; Monie, 2nd. Class 4-Harper, Cham- bers, max., 2nd. Class 3-Flockart, ma. Class 2-Goodall, Smith, ma., 2nd. Class 1 Senior Division-Parker, Hobbs. 2nd. Ju- nior Division-Ready, Brown, 2nd. German -Whitney, ma. PLAIN AND ORNAMENTAL WRITING AND BOOK- KEEPING. Class 6.-Wright, ma. ; Welshman, max., 2nd. Class 6.-Symons, Tulloch, ma., 2nd. Class .4.-Monie; Dalkin, mi., Farquhar, 2nd. Class 3.-Evans. Class 2.-Senior, Azzoppardi, equal. Class 1.-Senior Division -Hobbs. Junior Division-Brown ; Fryer, mi., 2nd. Supplementary Prize for Ornamental Writ- ing and Illuminating.-Symons. READING AND ELOCUTION. Class 3.-Atkins ; Beauchamp, ma,, 2nd. Class 2.-Flockhart, mi. ; Robertson, 2nd. Class 1. -Osborne. DRAWING AND PAINTING. Oil and Water-colour Painting.-Wearne, ma. Figure Drawing in Crayon.-Straw, ma Ornamental and Landscape, Drawing Chambers, max. ; Welshman, max. Pencil Drawing.-Hobbs. Drawing Master's Prize," for the pupil showing most improvemont during session. Sayce, ma. MUSIC. Instrumental.-Dalkin, mi. ; Straw, ma. Vocal.-Beauchamp, ma. GYMNASTICS. Class 3.-Monie ; Little, second. Class 2.-Tulloch, ma. Class 1.-Hemmy. Special Prize, by Mr. Metzger.-Wearne ma. The prizes won at the athletic games which came off last Saturday, were then pre- sented to the several winners by Miss Man- ners Sutton, it being explained by Dr. Corri- gan that these prizes had been subscribed for by the boys themselves. The recipients of the prizes wore as fol- low : Old collegians' race (silver cup), G. H. Daniel ; championship of college, Lupton, ma. ; maiden rate, 100 yards, Sides ; flat race, 440 yards, Symons ; flat race, 300 yards, Lup- ton, mi. ; throwing cricket ball, Sides ; run- ning long leap, Lewis, ma. ; vaulting with a pole, Lupton, ma. ; running high leap, Sides: flat race, 440 yards, Monie ; one mile flat race, Cleverdon ; hurdle race, 440 yards, Lup- ton, ma. ; consolation stakes, under 12, Senior ; consolation stakes, over 12, Fryer, ma. On the motion of the Rev. J. Bickford, seconded by Mr. J. Sherrard, a vote of thanks was given to His Excellency the Go- vernor ; and, on the motion of the Rev. J. Dare, seconded by Mr. Welshman, a similar compliment was paid to Miss Manners Sutton. The National Anthem having been sung, the boys gave three cheers each for the "Governor," "Lady Manners Sutton," "Miss Manners Sutton," "the head master," and " the president." The Benediction brought all to a close. SOUTH YARRA COLLEGE. Tho Bpeech day of tho above school was held last evening in the Prahran* Towh- hall. The Rev. G. Mackie presided, and opened tho proceedings with prayer. The Rev. R. K. EWING, the principal, ad- dressed the meeting. The success of the in- stitution, he stated, had been very great. Ho had opened tho school in January, 1867, with 35 scholars, but the attendance now amounted to 115. He was perfectly satisfied as to the character and excellence of the work tnat had been overtaken in the school duritisr, the past 12 months, and ho was not afraid to place., the general average of the scholarships of the establishment in comparison with that of any other school in Victoria. Tho college was too young for him to say much in refei euee to the success of the pupils in civil ser- vice or matriculation examinations ; but for tho two years that the school had existed, two out of turee had passed in examinations, in- cluding six and seven subjects. This ho thought was a very satisfactory average. He was happy to say that ho had been able to conduct the school without the agency of corporal punishment. There were many means of curbing tho unruly and stimulating tho indolent besides the ferule, and some of tbem had been adopted with great success. The accommodation of the schoolroom, and also that of the boarding quarters, had been increased during tho year, and ho could say with tho strictest justice that the institution equalled iu convenience uny other of tho same kind in the colony. The address was followed by recitations hy- the pupils, the following being the pro- gramme : Scene from "William Toll"-Messrs. Story and. Blacklock. Grcok Odo-W S. Greig. " Knights of tho Bound Table"-JIo33i-a. A. Nichols; G. Nichols, W. Ogilvy, E. Learmonth, and T. Thom- son. " Annlbcl Lee"-T. M'Kcchney. Scene from Moliere, "Bourgeois Gentilhomme" Messrs. W. Hebden, B. C. 1'attorson, G. Nichols, and A. Nlcholp. " Bachelor's Dream "-W. H. Gibson. Scene from " Torcnco " (Enrucchua) - Messrs. J. Donaldson, G. Greig, H. M'Leod, T. Ewing, and T. Thomson. ' " Tho "S oung Orator "-Master W. Thomson. " The Raven "-W. Hebden Will Scene from " Mouoy"-Messrs. W. Hebden, G. Nichols, A. Nichols, J. Donaldson, R. C Patter- son, E. Leirrnontli, J. Blacklock, T. Thomson, It. Dniacke, and T. Ewing. The various pieces were given in a highly effective manner, and Messrs. Ogilvy, Hebden, and Thomson deserve especial mention for the gieat merit they displayed. The acting of W. Ogilvy, in a scene from the Knights of the Round Table, was not only relatively, but absolutely, exceedingly clever. The recita- tions were followed by the presentation of a gold ring and a handsomely illuminated1 ad- dress to the Rev. R. K. Ewing. The gifts having been accepted and appropriately re- sponded to, the drawings of the pupils were handed lound the room for exhibition. The Rov. G. MACKIE said he had nevor ex- perienced so much pleasure in < attending a ceremony like the present as he had felt that night. The way in which the pupils had ac- quitted themi-elves was ample proof that they had been well and thoroughly trained. Ho had watched the college narrowly, and he be- lieved that the education given in it was most effective, and the íesults achieved had been very gi cat. Institutions like this weio of signal sei vice in preparing youths for higher education and for general business, and their number and efficiency augured well for tho future education of the colony. With regard to the genoial question of education, he thought that its regulation and quality should, be lett as much in the hands of the parents as possible, so long as they showed no desire to shirk their responsibility. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to distribute the prizes, of which the following is a list : HISTORY. Class 1-H. Hobday, first ; T. Cummings, second. Class 2-H. Hope, first; W. Ho- garth, second. Class 3-T. Ewing, first; J. Turner, second. Class 4-A. C. Nichols, first ; G. E. Nichols, second. GEOGRAPHY/. Class 1-T. Cummings, first ; W. Osborne, second. Class 2-E. G. Jones, fust; O. Pat terson, second. Class 3-J. Blacklock, first ; R. Qtiaiteiman, second. Class 4-E. Lear- month, fiist ; G. Nichols, second. SPELLING. ÍClassl-O. Patterson, first ; C. Greenfield,, second. Class 2-R. Osborne, lint; W. H. Gibson, second. Class 3-D. Wilson, T. Umphelb}', first ; J. Donaldson, second. Class 4-W. W. Hebden, R. C. Patterson, first ; A. C. Nicholls, second. LENNIE. Class 1-E. Gill, first ; W. Wright, second. Class 2-R. Learmonth, first ; C. Greenfield, second. Class 3-R. Quarterman, first ; A. Learmonth, second. MORELL. Class 1-J. Turner, first ; C. Ewing, second. Class 2-W. W; Hebden, first ; G. E. Nicholls, second. ARITHMETIC. Class 1- W. Hogarth, liist ; E. G. Jones, A. Learmonth, second. Class 2-Geo. Ni- chols, first ; J. Blacklock, second. ALGEBRA. CIa<-s 1-W. Saunders, first ; A. Lear- month, second. Class 2-MTCechney, Donald- son, first ; C. Ewing, second. Class 3-h. Learmonth, first ; A. C. Nichols, second, nu OLID. Class 1-T. Umphelby, first ; J. Turnor, second. Class 2-W. W. Hebden, first; G. Nichols, second. BOOKKEEPING. Class 1-W. Saunders, first ; W. Hogarth, second. Class 2-W. W. Hebden, first; J. Donaldson, second. TRENCH. Class 1.-E. Guinnesse, first ; F. Guinnesso, second. Class 2.-R. C. Ewing, first; T. MTCechney, second. Class 3.-R. Dickson, first ; H. M'Leod, second. Class 4.-\V. W. Hebden, first ; R. C. Patterson, second. LATIN. Class 2.-W. Osborno, first; R. Smith, second. Class 3.-A. Learmonth, first; J. Ellerman, second. Class 4.-R. Blackwell, first ; T. Thomson, second. Class 5 -W. Greig, first ;'G. Greig, second. Class G.-G. Nichols, first; T. M'Kechnoy, second. Class 7.-W. W. Hebden, that. GREEK. . Clafcs 1.-G. Greig, 1 ; W. Greig, 2. PAINTING. W. Roycraft. PAINTING AND DRAWING. T. M'Kechney. - TREE-HAND DRAWING. , R. C. Patterson. Second Division.-W. Beilby. Special prize, the gift of Mr. G, Nichols. Drawing-G. Nichols. WRITING. | R. Uniacke, T. T. Ewing. , ELOCUTION. r < W.W. Hebden. , ' __ Special Prizo,'tho gift of a Friend.-W. H. Gibson. . '-\r m Good Conduct.-Prize, the.gift of Mr. T. Alston. A. ,C Nichols. , , ,, , Special Prize.-W. Nation. CERTIFICATES Or HONOURABLE MENTION. H. Bates, R. Calder. John Ellerman. James Blacklock, Herbert Vak», Denham Wilson, William , Ogilvy, Walter Beilby, C. ,w. 'M'Leod, John -King, Reginald Lamb, Alor. Moffat, Edward Scott, L. M'Callum, R. V. Biucc, and E. Gill. JUNIORS. Spoiling.-Class 1-E. G. Merrifield, first; N. M'Luod. second. Class 2.-T. Tipping, first; A. Gibson, second. Lennie.-Class 1 -B, Chamberc, first ; J. Chambers, second. Class 2-F. Guinness, first ; T. Tipping, se- cond. Geography.-Class 1-II. Gair. first; Godfrey Buckley, second. Class 2-G. Roy craft first; R. Smith, second. ê History. Class 1-B. Chumbera, first ; II. Gibb3, second. Class 2--T. Parker, first ; W. Cornwall, so cond. Writing.-J. Cornyvall. Gymnastic?, -silver cup, Walter Beilby ; second prize, W. W. Hebden. The gifts to tho successful competitors in -the «cent athletic sports of tho college wero also presented by Mr. Mackie, tho folloyving being the prize- takers : ATHLETIC SPORTS. Mtfxtr's cup, R. C. Ewing ; Old Collegians' cup, Geo. Gair ; junior's cup, F. Guinnesse ; Indies' purse, A. Learmonth ; hurdle race, K. C. Patterson; vaulting yvith poles, E. Lear- month ; steeplechase, D. Wilson ; one milo race, W. Ogilvy ; one mile yvalking race, W. OguM'i -^ yaids flat race, Walter Beilby; high jump. T- Speary; throwing cricket ball, \\\\\ Koyoraft; Hat race, 150 yards, R. C. Ewing; 100yards ílatrace, T. Tipping; con- solation stakes, 440 yards, T. Ewing first, A. M'Donald second ; handicap flat race, 150 5 aids, under 14, R. Bruce. The presentation of a handsome inkstand baying bcon mado to Mr. J. F. Hunt, the mathematical and classical master, the pro- ceedings were brought to a close by a unani- mous y oto of thanks to tho chairman. THE SOUTH MELBOURNE GRAMMAR SCHOOL. The annual speech-day of the South Mel- bourne Grammar-school, Emerald-hill, was held yesterday in the Princess's Theatre, .pinch was filled with the relatives and friends of the pupils. The facings of the dress circle veie hung round with maps executed by the ¿oje, yvhich did much credit to their skill, and the efficiency of the mapping master, Mr, Bick. Tbc Hon. J. A. Macpherson, tho Chief Secretmy; presided, and distributed the greater portion of the prizes, but being called away Jjy his Parliamentary duties, the remainder vere presented by Mr. J. Whiteman, M.L.A. Mr. MACGREGOR, tho principal, road the seventh annual report of the school, from which tho following is extracted :-" In 1803 ne commenced with ono large classroom ; in 1809 yyo have four separate rooms, and the foundation-stone of a neyv grammar school lins been laid on one of the finest sites on Emerald- lull, fronting Albert-park, and with spacious grounds for football and cricket. The building now in course of erection is intended to serve as a boarding establishment, and to afford additional classroom accommo- dation. A11 tho rooms will be large, lofty, and v> ell-ventilated. In 1863 we opened yvith 28 scholars, in I860 yve have entered abovo 150, and hay e even had, yvhat is noticeable, to leject a large number this session. Wo droyv our supplies of pupils in the first instance from Erneiaid-hill; now yvo have scholars from Neyv Zealand, New South Waleä, and the utmost bounds of Victoria. Tho South Melbourne Grammar-school is thus an esta- blished fact. It is one of tho free institu- tions (hat aïe dotting the fair face of our adopted country, and giving promise of a bright future. It rests on merit alone. The rice and progress of tho school is as dis- tinctly marked in another direction. Our inst step yvas to have all our pupils well grounded in a sound practical English educa- tion, so as to fit them for commercial life. The results are of the most cheering descrip- tion, for, year by year, our older boys secure good situations in the best firms in tho city of Melbourne. Our next step yvas to establish a special cla^s for tho civil service examina lions ; and this, too, has been equally success- ful. Several of our pupils, having passed the necessaiy examinations, are now in the Go vcinnient employ, and are gradually rising in their lcspcctive departments. In 1867, our first scholar presented himself at tho Univer- sity matriculation examination, and passed the ordeal ; in 1868, another passed ; in I860, one passed in the February Term ; and two, at the recent examination in Novomber, passed in four subjects each. Next year they menu to go forward for higher distinctions. Availint; ourselves of tho lato chango in the regulations of the University, by which cer- tificates of merit are issued to students for pioficiency in any number of subjects less than six, yvo sent three forward for examina- tion, and two out of tho threo passed. Th- is undoubtedly an oxcellenfc provision, as many of our pupils, yvho do not intend to rnatiiculate, can secure certificates, yvhich will serve as passports to mercantile life, and afford a guarantee up to a certain point that their education is thorough. Let me add that the class for matriculation will be larger nöxt year than on any previous occasion. As was to be expected, the scholarship has fully ansyvered the object for which it was founded. The scholar of this year, C. Lambert, is noyv a matriculated student of the Melbourne Uni- versity, having passed in six subjects, namely, one in classics, two in mathematics, and tinco in English, yvith credit in Latin. At ihe examination for determining the scholar- ship for next year, no feyver than 10 candi- dates presented themselves. The successful tempe titor yvas W. Macfarlane, of Hotham. " Palmam qui menât feral." The second in cider of merit yvas C. Scott, also a promising young btudent. For several years our school Las occupied, perhaps, the first place in map- ping ; and to show that yve aro f ullj; abreast of the times, we have but to mention that the University of Melbourne has now intro- duced mapping as a part and parcel of tho exa- mination in geography. Butitmust bo borno in mind that, yvhilo the maps exhibited aro in- tended to train the eye as to shape and size, and to givo a correct ideaü of yvhab a map should be, there are rough outlines of the countries studied required at each examina- tion, and this latter class is of the utmost impoi tance in learning geography. Tho sybteni is therefore twofold. Believing that plij sical training ought to go hand in hand with mental culture, we have all along en couragi d out-door exercises, such as football and cricket. We have this year inaugurated oin athletic spoits, yvhich have been held in the South Melbourne Cricket-ground, kindly lent to us for tho occasion. Tho Old Scholars' Cup yvas manufactured expresUy for tho oc- lusión by Messrs. Walsh Brothers, of Collins stitct, in their usual chaste style. This yvas the meat event of the day. It was won by T. Morris, yvho fairly out-distanced all his eoniuetitois." Mr. MACPHERSON expressed the pleasure ho felt iu picsiding on so interesting an occa- sion, and said ho rejoiced to see that in all the principal towns of the colony this noble ihtt'iy butween first-class schools existed. Re coidially agreed with the portion of the n-poi-t vthioh said that this institution, with the Divine bWssing, would in the future occupy no inferior position among tho load- ing educational establishments of Victoria. On looking through the report he was glad to ¡¡te Hitit no desirable branch of education liad bci-n neglected, and that the physical rcquia-ments of the boys had also not been overlooked. It was peculiarly pleasing to lum to occupy the chair on such au occasion, as he lind himself beon educated as a boy in tliis city long before the building in which tbey were assembled was thought of. The prizes weic then presented, one not mentioned in the honour-list being given, amid considerable applause, to Wa Suey, a Chinaman, for gencial proficiency in the conimciciul classes. The following pupils received prizes : UNIVERSITY MATRICULATION. I'iist Division.--C. Lambert (passed), W. Macfailane. Certificates of Merit. - J. O'Brien (passed), H. Forster (passed). COMMERCIAL CLASS. L. Dyson. , CLASSICS. Creek-.-C. Scott. Latin. - Class 8-C. wunbert. Class 7-H. Forster. Class 0-W. Ueveidon. Class 5 - First Division-F. .Ikraford. Second Division - J. Web Mu and R. Cooper equal. Third Division r-J. Yuille. Class 4.-First Division-J. JiocliU-i-, Second Division-C. Roy. Third JMision-C. Beresford. ? Class 3-C. Boobier. Uni* 'J-A. Read. MATHEMATICS. Alcebra.-Class 8-C. Lambert. Class 7 J.. O'Brien. Class C-M. Murray. Class 5 f .nut Division-F. Beresford. Second Divi f Mon-J. Glaucy. | _, GEOMETRY. ClnvH 8-C. Lambert. Class 7-J. O'Brien. Uass G-sM. Murray. Class 5-First Division -J. Cooper. Second Division-J. Glancy. " ARITHMETIC. Unss 8-C. Lambert and W. Macfarlane «¡?jual. Class 7-J. O'Brien. Class G-M. ?Murrny. Class 5-First Division-J. Osborn. Second Division-J. Webster.-Third Divi S0".-J> Yuille. Class 4-First Division £. V) i/eman, G. Haythorpe (special). Second A>ivitioii_n. Scott. Third Division - A. empson. Class 3-C. Boobier. Class 2 J list Division-W. M. Macgregor, C. Kennet «pecirJ). Second Division-C. Withers. Class A-J. Swallow. nl BOOKKEEPING. Uftss 8-C. Lambert. Class 7-L. Dyson. Class G-N. Macleod. Class 5-First Division J. Osborn. Second Division-J. Webiter. ENGLISH HISTORY. Class 8-C. Lambert Class 7-T. Shelley. Class 0-M. Murray and N. M'Leod equal. Class 5-Fiist Division-F. Earl. Second Division-R. Cooper. Third Division-J. Yuille. Class 4-IUrst Division-S. Wise- man. Second . Division--W. Henry and C. Roy (equal). Third Division-W. Groves. Class 3- A. Cuthbert. ROWAN HISTORY. Class S-C. Lambert. Class 7-H. Forster. Class G-N. M'Leod. Class 5-First Division -F. Beresford. Second Division-R. Cooper. Third Division-J. Yuille. Class 4-First Division-J. nodder. Second Division-C. Roy. ENGLISH. Class S-C. Lambert. Class 7-J. O'Brien. Class 6-N. M'Cleod. Class 5-First Division -F. Beresford. Second Division-J. Web- ster. Third Division-W. Shelley. Class 4 Fiist Division-J. Hodder and S. Wiseman (equal). Second Division-W. Henry. Third Division-H. Groves. Class 3-W. Fairbridge. Class 2-First Division-W. M. Macgregor. Second Division-C. Withers. Class 1-J. Swallow. GEOGRAPHY. Class 8-W. Macfarlane and C. Lambert equal. Class 7-H. Forster. Class 0-N. M'Leod. Class 5-First Division-F. Eari. Second Division-R. Cooper. Third Division John Yuille. Class 4-First Division-F. Calnan. Second Division-W. Henry. Third Division-II. Groves. Class 3-W. Fair- bridge. Class 2-First Division-A. Read. Second Division-C. Withers. Class 1-J. S yv allow. yvniTiNO. Class 7-J. Warne. Class G-N. Macleod. Class 5-First Division-J. Osborn. Second Division-G Morgan. Third Division-W. Shelley. Class!-Fiist Division-S. Wiseman iindW. Donovan (equal). Second Division J. Mortimer. Thud Division-A. Simpson and A. Fyfe (equal). Class 3-A. Cuthbert. Class 2-First Division-W. M. Macgregor. Second Division-C. Withcis. Class 1-J. Swallow. READING. Class 4-Third Division-D. Smith: J. Johnson (spocial.) Class 3-T. Swailoyv. Class 2-First Division-W. M. Macgregor. Second Division-A. Clevordon. Class 1-J. Swailoyv. ELOCUTION. Upper Department-C. Scott and L. Dyson (equal), F. Earl. Middle Department-W Swallow ; H. Scott and F. Chivers (equal). Lower Department-D. Smith, T. Syvallow. i'RENOH. Class 7-T. Shelley. Class 6-M. Murray. Class 5-First Division-F. Beresford. Second Division-R. Cooper. Third Division-W. Swailoyv, W. Shelley. Class 4-First Divi- sion-S. Wiseman. Second Division -W. Finlay, J. Biooke. Third Division-A. Simp- son. Class 3-W. Fairbridge. Class 2-First Division-W. M. Macgregor. Second Divi- sion-F. Clcndinncn. DHAyVING. Class 8-W. Macfarlane. Class 7-T. Morris. Class U-M. Muirny. Class 5-First Division -J. Osborn. Second Division-C. Morgan. Third Division -li. Hughes. Class 4-First Division-F. Calnan. Second Division-J. Moitimer. Class 3-T. Syvallow. Class 2 A. Read. SINGING. Class 8-C. Scott. Class 7-T. Shelley. Class (>-W. Cleverdon. Class 5-First Divi- sion-F. Earl. Second Division-J. Taylor. Third Division-W. Shelley. Class 4-First Division-J. Hodder. Second Division-W. Finlay-Third Division- C. Beresford. Class 3 -C. Boobier. Class 2-W. M. Macgregor. MAPPING. Class 7-L. Dyson. Class G-N. Macleod and M. Murray (equal). Class 5-First Divi- sion-T. Harvey. Second Division-C. Mor- gan. Third Division-G. Treen. Class 4 I'irst Division-J. Simpson, F. Calnan, and W. Donovan (equal). Second Division-W. Clendinnen and W. Henry, (equal). Third Division-A. Fyfe. Class 3-A. Cuthbert. Class 3-F. Clendinnen. INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC. C. Scott. HOARDERS' SUNDAY BIBLE CLASS. First Division-J. Simpson. Second Divi- sion-W, M. Macgregor. ATHLETIC SPORTS. Throwing tho cricket bali, T. Morris; running long leap, W. Macfarlane ; flat race, handicap, 350 yards, T. Morris, T. Lambert; flat race, under 10,150 yards, C. Boobier, H. Scott ; old scholars' cup, winner, T. Morris ; running high leap, W. Macfarlane and H. Forster, equal ; flat race, handicap, under 12, 150 yaTds, D. Smith, W. Treen, W. Gay; huidle race, handicap, 200 yards, T. Morris, G. Handley ; handicap, under 14,150 yards, J. Webster, G. Treen, J. Taylor ; flat race, handicap, 440 yards, T. Morns, G. Handley ; Siamese race, 100 yards, Brothers Handley, Hughes and Treen ; mile race, H. Henry ; consolation stakes, prizes given by J. White- man, Esq., M.L.A., handicap, under 12, 200 yards, winner, R. Cooper: handicap, under 14, 200 yards, yviiiner, C. Thomas, For tho Univeisity matriculation examina- tion, Charles Lambert passed in history, geo- graphy, English, algebra, and Euclid, and v ith credit in Latin. Certificates of merit were awarded to J. O'Brien, yvho passed in arithmetic, and to H. Forster, yvho passed in physical geogiaphy. The programme of recitations by Mr. Hill's pupils, yvith which the proceedings termi- nated, yvas as follows : SIMULTANKOHS MîADlXd. "The Croation" (Blair).-Headera-Johnson, Smith, Brook, Scott, ml,; Finlay, Ohivors, Treen,Sliolloj-, mi.; Simson, Roy, Syvallow, ml ; Donovan. KKCITAT10N3. "Tho Heavens declaro the Glory of Clod" (Addison) -Treen. "Qlcütor'a Speech to tho Nobles" (Siiakspoaro) Shelley. *' Tim Witnesses" (Longfellow)-Chivera. HBAD1XO. " The Moral of tho Battle of Waterloo" (W. J. Fox) -Ear), Scott, ma. ; Dyson. W.CITATIONH. " Tho Queen's Lett«" (Uellamy)-Swailoyv, ml. " The Happiest Land (from the dorman)-Shelley, ml. " Casablanca" (Mrs. Hamans)- Cruickshank. Sceno from "Hamlet," (Shakspoare).-Hamlet, Dyton ; Bosoncrantz, Sliolloy, ina. ; Guililonstorn, Syvallow. Selection from "Lacrczla Borgia, piano-Scott, ma. . READIKG. "Nathan's Reply to Dal id"-Ohlvors. RI.OITA1IOKS. Selection from "William Toll " (Knowles)-Earl. " The Confederate Flog" (Anon.)-Soott. " Virginia " (Macaulay)-Dyson. , Fccne from "Macbeth" (Sliakipearo)_Macdui!, fcott, ma.; Malcolm, ll'Lood ; Uosuo, Earl. "Douglas's Accountot Himsolf "(Home) -Scott, mi. " Holiinlinden " (Uanipholl)-Swallow, ma. "Bob Saw)oi's Party."-Bob Sawyer, Clevordon, ira.; Ben Allon, Murray ; Pickwick, Swallow, nu, ; Xoddy, Earl ; Gunter, Dyson ; Jick Hopkins, Scott, ma.; Mrs. Kaddlo, Shelley, ma.; Mr. Itaddlo,M'Leod; Betsy, Pitt. The Hamlet of Dyson and the Macdui! of Scott weio very good. 