NEWS AND NOTES. The extraordinary course taken by Mr Gaunt, P.M., in committing Mr Davis for trial for stealing gold from the Queen, contrary to the opinion of the other magistrates on the bench at the time, seems likely to cause some trouble. Mr Frazer, M.L.A., has given notice that he will ask the Attorney-General on Tues day whether, in view of the facts, he_ will cause a nolle prosequi to be entered, and it is not improbable that the whole question as to mining on private pro perty will be raised. The Prince of Wales Company complains that the Crown in this case has taken an unusual and unexpected course, the more so, as the Bonshaw Company had commenced an action against the Prince of Wales Company in the Supreme Court. Mr Gaunt, there appears to be no doubt, exceeded his powers, as a police-magistrate is not authorised by law to overrule other magistrates who are adjudicat ing with him. In our advertising columns will be found the letters upon which the motion of Mr Frazer is based, and they leave 110 doubt that Mr Gaunt acted knowingly in opposition to the opinions ex pressed by the other magistrates, and show that the Attorney-General has sanctioned quite a novel and dangerous procedure. No explanation has been given, of the origin of the fire that occurred in Bridge street, shortly after one o'clock 011 Friday morning. The fire seems to have been iirst discovered by Mr Whitehouse, of the British Queen hotel, who with his wife had retired to rest at about half-past twelve o'clock. Mr White house before going to bed, had, as usual, inspected the whole of his premises, but when in bed he fancied that he smelt something burning, and knowing that a boy in his employ had in the evening been down in the cellar where there is a large quantity of stock and straw, he became considerably alarmed. Jumping out of bed, after giving directions to Mrs Whitehouse, he went down stairs and out into the way-right separa ting his hotel from Mrs Gait's premises, but could see no llaines, although smoke was issuing from the place. Sirs Whitehouse having dressed then came out, and she and some miners' that were passing 011 their way home at the time, commenced to knock at the door of Mrs Gait's shop, and at the house of Sir Hutchinson, bootmaker and importer, next door. While they were doing this, Mr Wbitehouse, who always keeps seventy feet of inch hose attached to his water tap, brought the hose through his gate opening into the way-right, and after breaking open a side win dow of Mrs Gait's shop with an axe, brought the water to bear on to the flames, which by this tiuie almost enveloped the inside of the shop. This he continued for fully ten minutes before the hose-reel arrived, for, as the flames were not seen from the outside until a con siderable time after the shop was on fire, the alarm bells, at the brigade stations had not been rung. The exertions of Mr AVliitehouse and some neighbors in assisting as well as possible to keep the ilatnes back until the arrival of the brigades, undoubtedly saved the back portion of Mrs Gait's place, used as a dwell ing house, from taking fire. When the hose reel from the station next to the Earl of Zetland hotel arrived, there were some few minutes lost in finding the plug which turned out to be immediately opposite Mr Hutchinson's shop. When the water was got 011, how ever, the fire was made short work of, and was got under before it had spread beyond the shop. Mr Hutchinson's family, after being aroused by the alarm from sleep, were accommodated at the house of Mr Ivey, ironfounder, and the inmates of Mrs Gait's house at Sir Wliitehouse's. None of the stock was got out of Sirs Gait's, but fearing that the fire would spread, Sir Hutchinson, with the assistance of Slessrs Bridget, Sweeney, ICaul and others, commenced to get some of his stock totheother side of Bridge street, while Sergt. Sl'Cullagli and some men under him prevented others from going into the shop, and kept guard over the stock that had been removed. Just as the brigades arrived Mr Whitehouse, who has two large tanks filled with water, got a number of buckets in readi ness in case the fire should spread to his or Sirs Gait's back premises, which are of wood. Happily, however, the fire did not spread sufficiently to necessitate the buckets being called into use. The- whole of the stock in Sirs Gait's shop was destroyed, but it was covered by insurance to the amount of £1000 in the office of the Alliance Insurance Company. The fur niture was also insured for £50, but being in the rear of the shop it was fortunately not damaged. Sir Hut chinson estimates the damage done to his shop and stock at about £110, and this was caused by the shutters of the shop being pulled down by some well meaning but indiscreet persons, who also smashed all the plate-glass of the shop window. Some of Sir Hutchinson's stock was .also damaged by water, and in the haste of removal. His stock was insured for £500 in the Australasian Insurance Company, and for £-350 in the Northern, while the shop was insured for £200 in the Australasian Com pany. The damage to the shop is estimated at about £30. From the appearance of Mrs Gait's shop the fire would appear to have originated about the middle part of it. Just before the inmates of Mrs Gait's house retired to bed, a little girl employed as a ser vant, went into the shop with a cancUe, in order to ook for some matches, and as she was the last person ;liere, it might have happened that a spark from her :andle fell upon some inflammable material and smouldered until the flames burst out, but this is merely supposition. In accordance with a resolution passed at the last meeting of the Ballarat Borough Council, the mayoi", ind Councillors Doane, Duncan, Chalmers, and Davey proceeded on a visit of inspection to the Botanical Gardens on Friday, the chief object being to decide whether Mr Longley, the curator of the gardens, who liad written to the council on the subject, should hi instructed to form an avenue of sycamore trees curving from the border of the Swamp close to the centre gate, to the gate of the south lodge passing the horse paddock. It was determined that this should be done, and the avenue be called after the mayor. It was also decided, on the motion of Councillor Duncan, seconded by Councillor Chalmers, that it would be advisable to widen the long walk at the western side of the gardens and form it into a car riage drive with a footpath on either side, and an out let into the main drive at each lodge, and. two other roads leading through • the gardens to the present car riage drive. It is also proposed to have seats erected under the gum trees on the footpath beside-the new drive. Those present then proceeded on a walk round the gardens and the nursery in which a largenumberof young trees are being raised. The fish-pond is not so well kept as it might be, but at this time of year Mr Longley has, no doubt, enough to do. The fish do not appear to be so numerous as formerly, and it is feared that many of them have been stolen. The native bears, for whose comfort a shed was erected round a tree a short time ago, have come to an untimely end. The aviary has been covered with canvas to protect the more delicate birds from the cold and rain, and all the fea thered inmates look well and comfortable. The mayor triumphantly proclaimed that the council for a long time had been trying, and had at last succeeded in obtaining, a cross between an English cock pheasant and a bantam hen, and after considerable poking by Mr Longley, the interesting hybrid was trotted out. The bird, which is now a little larger than a bantam, appears strong and healthy, and it is intended by the council that she (for the creature is of the softer sex) shall live in a state of connubial bliss with the pheasant. Everything in the garden now looks fresh and green, and some of the fine pines, which were in the summer time beginning to show the effects of the long drought, now look healthy and flourisliing. A short time back 1500 young trees were presented to the Eastern Borough Council. There is plenty of work to do iu the gardens at this season, and at Mr Longley's request he was empowered to employ four extra men to prune, and dig the borders, and also to employ another horse, as the one at present iu use has all its time taken up in the menial occupa tion of carting manure from the cattle yards. The gardener was also instructed to get some land near the horse paddock dug and sown with English grass. The mayor announced that wicked and inquisitive little boys were in the habit of pulling up the cutting3 of trees planted on the border of the Swamp, to set whether they had taken root, and Mr Longley mourn fully announced that the result of such a proceeding was, that the cuttings were nipped in the flower of their youth and beauty. To warn the boys against doiug this it was decided that notice boards should be put up. Mr Longley was directed by the mayor to report as to where street planting was most required in the town. Before proceeding to the gardens the members of the council called on Mr Duncan, nur seryman, of Wendouree parade, as that gentleman had written to the council offering to form a street garden about 100 yards in length, running past his place, if the council would erect a fence. It was decided that the work should be recommended at the next meet ing of the council. The Swamp now contains about the same quantity of water as it did a week ago, but as the bed is thoroughly saturated, the next heavy shower or two will now make a visible increase in the depth of water in the channels. A letter has been received by the secretary of the No. •1 Brunswick Lodge of Orangemen, at Geelong, from Mr William Clarke, of Buniuyong, accepting an invitation to be present at the anniversary dinner on the 12th July. This (says our correspondent) will, prove a great attraction, as, although many people in Geelong have iu their infancy ofter heard about bogies, they have not yet had an opportunity of seeing a real live " Bogus." Mr C. E. Jones ought to accom pany him, and then the sensation will be complete. The rich specimens taken from Edwards' Reef, in Gipps Laud, for working which a company is now being formed, were exhibited in Geelong ou Friday, their size and richness causing much astonishment. Mr Bull, of the firm of Bull and Sturrock, iron mongers, of Armstrong street, intends, wo hear, to leave shortly to go. to Queensland,' where he intends to commence business; and consequently some of his friends are about to eutertain him at a dinner shortly. The Rev. J. J. Halley is to address the "Working Men's Meeting this evening at the Alfred Hall. The Rev. H. Watson is announced to preach to morrow, morning and evening, at St. John's Church, Soldiers' Hill. We have received a letter complaining, in rather etrong language, that the workmen of the Golden Gate Company, Sago Ilill, have not been paid. We cannot publish the letter unless the writer sends his name and address. Court Little John, 3326, A.O.F. The half-yearly meeting for the election of officers was held at the court-room, British Queen hotel, on Tuesday evening, the 22nd instant, with the following result:—Br T. H. Gardner, C.R.; Br T.Williams, S.C.R.; BrW. Lugg, S.W.W.; Br T. Johnston, jun., J.W.W.; Br J. Bushby, S.B.; Br J. Bauness, J.B. A man named Charles Lewis was given in charge at the Eastern lock-up yesterday for illegally using a horse belonging to one Thomas Heathoru, on the 20th of June. It seems that the prisoner, who was lately a servant of Mr Heat-horn's, took the horse from the stable and rode it about without permission. At the half-yearly meeting of the Loyal Wendouree Lodge, G.U.O.O.F., the following officers were elected for the ensuing six months:—Br Clennell, N.F.; Br F. Y. Brown, KG.; Br W. Webb, V.G.; Br A. C. Whitford, assistant>secrctary; and Br Jackson, finan cial secretary. There was a good attendance of mem bers, and the lodge bids fair to become a prosperous one. During. the evening a proposition was made to establish an accidental fund in connection with the lodge, in addition to the regular sick fund, which met with general approval. It really seems to be a hard case that men who go to the expense of putting up substantial buildings in town should have the fruits of all their labor destroyed by mining operations, which are allowed to go on, and which, iu many cases, have not proved to be remunerative, without taking iuto consideration the damage they have caused. Yet this is just now the case in the Main street, between Humftray and Barkly streets, where, owing either to the settling down of old workings, or more probably to the operations of claims near at hand, the ground is sinking to an alarming extent, making the houses dangerous for occupation. We were informed that some very noticeable changes had occurred early on Friday morning, and on going to see about them, found some of the best buildings there cracked, with fissures run ning from the cellavs to the roofs. The first indications of the splitting-up of walls are to be found on the premises of Messrs I. Roft and Co., at the corner of Humtl'ray and Main streets, and owing, we think, to the sinking of the ground beneath the pathway in front of the house, the front portion seems as if it had been jerked in some measure from the hinder portion. One fissure runs from the cellar up to the top of the house at the side facing Humftray street, and another from the cellar upward on the sidewall looking towards Main street. The houses lying between the corner and Mr Porter's bootshop were more or less shaken, the Continental hotel, a wooden building, being twisted in all direc tions. Amougst those houses is one of stone and brick, iu which Mr Louis Hollander has a shop, and in both the shop and the rooms traces exist in all directions of cracks iu the walls. One large one out side, which can be seen for a considerable distance, traverses the wall at the rear from bottom to top. But looking at the front of Mr Porter's shop, it can be seen at 'a glance that one window and that portion of the foundation belonging to that side of the building has suddenly gone down over four inches. In the wrench which the windows got from the fall, one large pane of glass was smashed, and while the other panes were taken out for safety, a prop had to be fixed under the doorway. The pathway has suddenly gone down at that point, and for some distance further down the street the pathway is below the street level, the channel stones being in some places above the level of the kerbing. Mr Porter's shop was some time ago made as secure as possible by tire-rods, having been split in some places before; but now the rent can be traced clearly up the building; and in the back the stone which is across the top of the lower doorway is broken in two pieces. It is so dangerous to be in that house that the family have had to leave it, and go to some other place to live. Mr Jackson, butcher, has also had his floor sinking, and all about the place are marks of an insecure foundation. The street also, for some distance before the houses we have mentioned, appears to have gone. Some people assert that the damage is caused by old workings settling down; some say that the cause is the working of a small claim called the Little Don, which used to be named the Blue Jacket; while others hint that the Llanberris Company is driving out towards the Black Hill Reef, and that some of their drives are under the property affected. If it is the latter, it is a pity that operations should be allowed where so many good buildings have been erected. The subject of the expenses of lunatics charged against local bodies having been brought before the Government some time ago, the following notice ap pears in the last Police Gazette.to clerks of petty se$. dona and the police with reference to the case3 of £ lunatics:—" Crown Law Offices, Melbourne, 18th June, t 1869.—I am directed by the Minister of Justice to t inform you that it has been decided by the Supreme v Court that iu proceedings under the Lunacy Statute, C before any order is made under the 10th section c against the council of any city, town, borough, or ( shire, or against the board of any road district, for 1 payment of any expenses in or about the examination t of any supposed lunatic, the council or board must be { afforded an opportunity of being heard. You will {therefore, in every case in which you are aware that ^ a supposed lunatic, alleged to have been found within r the limits of the"city of Melbourne, town of Geelong, i or any borough, shire, or road district, is about to be ( brought before the bench, issue a notice to the coun- j cil or board, to be served in accordance with the acts relating to local government, calling on them to show '£ j cause why an order for such expenses should not be ( made against such council or board. This circular is to j I be filed for future reference. I have the honor to be, j | sir, your obedient servant—A. W. Chomxey, Secretary | to the Law Department." The following minute from j j the police department follows:—" When therefore the ^ police have in custody a lunatic prisoner whose case is ] to be brought'before any bench to be dealt with under the provisions of the Lunacy Statute, they are to give as early notice thereof as possible to the clerk of that bench, in order that he may be in a position to issue the required notice to the council or board." " A man named James Whittle was taken to the , hospital yesterday with a dislocated shoulder, received ' through falling from a cart at Carngham a week ago. ( The Ballarat Harmonic Society achieved much at s the Alfred Hall on Friday -evening. The hall was .< quite full, and it was evident from the beginning that i the audience was determined to be pleased. Miss ] Staff, of Melbourne, was the Elvira, and well did she ; sustain the arduous role. She is new to the operatic 1 stage; but has a thorough understanding of the busi- i ness expected of her. The band and chorus consisted i of one hundred performers, with Mr T. King as i leader, Mra King as pianist, and Mr A. T. Turner as ] conductor. The following is the cast of characters:— Don Juan of Arragon, Duke of Sergorbe and Cardona; Marquis Monrov, and Count of Albatera; under the i name of Hernani, Mr D. Oliver and Mr J. Lamble. (The part of Ernani was divided between these .two gentlemen in consequence of its arduous and exacting character.) Don Carlos, King of Spain; after wards the Emperor Charles V., Mr P. Cazaly. Don Ruy Gomez da Sylva, Duke of Pastrana and Men doza; a Grandee of Spain, Mr S. Lamble. Don Ricardo, armour-bearer to Don Carlos, Mr W. Rees. Don Iago, a follower of Don Ruy Gomez da Silva, Mr E. T. Wliitten. Donna Elvira, niece and affianced bride of Don Ruy Gomez, Miss Staff (of the Mel bourne Philharmonic Society, pupil of Mr D. Lee), and Donna Juana, her duenna, Miss Hoffmeister. The society is deserving of great credit* for having undertaken the production of operatic works, and the audience of Friday evening is an indication that the action of the committee i3 appreciated. It is not too much to say that the choruses of " Ernani" were rendered in a manner which has not hitherto been excelled in "Victoria. Last night the chorus seemed better than usual, and the band, though thin in re spect to stringed instruments, was highly effective. \Ve have made special mention of Miss Staff, but it is only due to others engaged in the solo parts of the concert to state that the ordinary trustworthy mem bers of the society performed their parts admirably, and that the audience did not stint their applause. This is the first occasion on which the society has ventured in the operatic field, but the success of Friday night will show it that it has only commenced ■a new sphere of usefulness. The production of oratorio has hitherto occupied the time and attention of the society, but it has now found it necessary to venture upon a more popular class of music. The society may be complimented upon the success which has attended its first attempt at the production of opera, and its future prosperity will bo largely attri butable to the equally satisfactory presentation of works of similar character. We have received a letter from Mr Thomas Thomas, of Cobblers, a witness in the late case against Mr . Philip Davis, stating that he did not say that he was a local preacher. Our reporter affirms, that he dis tinctly understood Mr Thomas to assent to the sug gestion of Mr M'Dermott that he was. The committee of the Mechanics' Institute has accepted tenders for six out of the twelve offices in the new building. The rental of the six now let amounts to £1244 per annum. The following gentlemen are the successful tenderers—Messrs Ham, Clarke, James Smith, Goodall, Downes, and Coburn. The remaining six offices will be open for one month for letting at a fixed rental, the amount of which may be ascertained by enquiry at the institute. We have only had a few people killed as yet in building operations in Ballarat, but as long as there are no regulations enforced as to hoardings where builders are at work in our streets, a human life may be sacrificed any day. At present builders cany on their works and the public are permitted to traverse the footpaths as if nothing was going on. Iron brest summers are hoisted, bricks, stones, and timbers are carried overhead, and the slightest mischance on the part of the builders may cause something to fall upon the heads of the passers-by, and so send some unfor tunate to his account without warning. It is no use to reply that people ought to look out for themselves. The necessity should be removed by stopping up foot paths while building works are going on, pathways round the builder's materials being provided as in all properly regulated towns. We have repeatedly urged attention to this business, but tilings are allowed to go on as usual, and the ghost of Sydney Smith still cries out for the death of a mayor or a borough coun cillor by way of remedy. The examination of candidates for the Civil Sen-ice was concluded at the New Court-house on Friday. Moat of those who passed in the compulsory subjects have been attending during the hist three days. The examination-papers will be forwarded to Melbourne, and the results will be duly published in a week or two. The meet of the Ballarat Hounds will take place to day at Dead Horse, beyond the New Cemetery. The club has been disappointed iu its expectation of having a stag for this occasion, but a kangaroo is to be the game in the mean time till the club can manage something better. Last uiglit we heard that Mr Turpie had been much better during the day, and had been able to see a number of his friends. On Friday evening, at Craig's hotel, a billiard match took place between Mr Hughes and Mr Perkins, who received 400 points in a game of 1000 up. There were about one hundred persons present. The game was commenced at a quarter past eight o'clock, when Perkins, of course, led off with a miss, Hughes doing the same. Some small breaks were then played, till Hughes from 50 went up to 92 in one break, Perkins' score amounting to '159. Hughes then made a splendid break of 15S, in which he played 47 spot strokes, and after some more small play on both side3, Hughes went on scoring until he reached 319, Perkins' score at the time being 499. After some more small breaks the game stood Hughes 331, Perkins 512. Perkins then increased his total to 540 in a break con sisting for the most part of small cannons. At the adjournment for refreshments Hughes stood 512, and Perkins G50. Upon the game being resumed Hughes made a break of 67, and soon after the score was Hughes G04, and Perkins 677. Perkins then in creased his lead until he showed 753 points to Hughes' 672, but soon after Hughes went up to 727, while Perkins' total showed 755. There was then some good^ play to the finish, when Hughes scored out, Perkins being 912. Hughes, however, went on with his break and scored 82. After the conclusion of the match between Hughes and Glenister, on Thursday night, Perkins and Kay played a game of 500 up, Perkins receiving 100 points, and proving the victor by 11. To-night Hughes will play another match with Kay, giving him 300 points. A meeting in connection with the First Ballarat and Suburban Permanent Building and Investment Society was held iu the Lecture Room of the Mechanics' Institute, on Friday evening, for the purpose of elect ing office-bearers for the ensuing year. Dr Embling was in the chair. The office-bearers were all elected by ballot, the following being the result:—Surveyor— Mr Jones was elected by 293, Mr Poeppel polled 35, and Mr Walker 12. Solicitors—Messrs Watson and Ellis were elected by 249, Messrs Holmes and Salter polled 39, and Mr Hitchius 4. Auditors —Messrs M'Quie (56) and Sadlier (52) were elected; Mr G. Moore received 4S, and Mr Connell 30 votes. Messrs King, Hanna, Crews, and Kernot, M's.L.A., members of the board of enquiry into the management of the locomotive branch, visited Ballarat yesterday, accompanied by Mr Webb, Government short-hand writer, and Mr George Macartney, secretary to the board. They inspected the locomotive-shed and store, and examined several witnesses. Some of the mem bers returned to town by the trajn last eveuiu" and the remainder will follow to-day. The half-yearly meeting of Court Pride of Linton, A.O.F., 331S, took place at the Surface Hill hotel, Linton, on Tuesday, 22nd inst., when the following brethren were elected to' fill the various offices for the ensuing six months:—C.R. Br W. Sneddon, S.C.R. Br H. Ross, S.W. Br Thos. Anderson, J.W. Br Thos. Chant, S.B. Br D. Allen, J.B. Br John Graydon, Br Thos. Austin, treasurer; Br R. Stephen, secretary; auditors, Br J. Sheppard and Br J. Robertson; Dr Hoskins, surgeon. j At the half-yearly installation of officers in the Prince of Wales Lodge of Freemasons, I.C, No. 434, which took place on 24th June, at the lodge-room,' La Motty's Court-house hotel, Smythesdale, the fol lowing members were duly installed in the respective offices:—Br Hugh Young, W.M.; Br Fred. Wortham S.W.; Br S. Franklin, J.W.; Br H. A. Corinaldi' treasurer; Br J. R. Trevor, secretary; Br Howitt S.D • Br Turpie, J.D. ; Br P.M. Alex. Young, jl.G.; find Br J. Ward, tyler, The installation ceremony waa per ormed by Br P.M. Ayres, of Creswick. That gentle nan happened to be passing through Smythesdale on ,he day of the installation, and on learning that he vaa a Past Master of a sister lodge, the_ W.M. _Br Dlapperton invited him to perform the installation leremony. The assisting Past Masters were Brs L'orinaldi, Young, Clapperton, and Hart. After the odge business was concluded the brethren sat down ;o supper, and the company spent a few. hours very pleasantly. We (A rf/us) have been requested to state that Mr rhomas Russell was in his place in the Assembly on Tuesday evening, and would have been present on Wednesday night, to vote for the second reading of the Land Bill, had it not been for the death of a near relative. Referring to the commission swindle the Argus says:—" The system which Mr Campbell has now the courage to expose (not sparing himself in the process) has. long been suspected—nay, believed to exist. But its discovery and denunciation being the business of everybody, was grappled with by nobody. Here at length is a distinct clue, which should be followed to the end. It is alleged, and the statement is supported by more than one -witness, that a wide-spread system of black mail extortion exists amongst the manage ments of companies; and that the tradesmen, through stress of competition, have been compelled into acquiescence therein. It is not, of course, to be as sumed that every mine manager or every director thus causes his constituents' interests to subserve his own. There are to be found, even upon the boards and in the managements of mining companies, men of un sullied honor, incapable of frauds sueh as those de scribed. But we fear that they are exceptional. The remedy for this deplorable state of afiairs is in the hands of shareholders themselves. Their carelessness and perversity in matters of detail are at the root of the evil. Mining managers are often chosen by tender, not because they are able and honest, but be cause they are needy and cheap; and the cheap manager is compelled into recouping himselt some how." Numerous case3 of petty larceny come before the police-courts day by day, in consequence of the very objectionable practice of exposing goods at the side of the pathway in front of the shops in town. A young woman of respectable appearance, named Cliadwick, appeared at the Eastern Police-court on Friday, charged with the larceny of two jugs and a mug from the front of the shop of Messrs Biggs and Shoppee, in Main street. She said she had taken tip the articles in her hand intending to go into the shop when she saw an old man bobbing his head in and out of a neighboring door watching her, and that seeing this that she went down the street some way, with the things in her hand, intending to return. She was however followed, and Mr Gaunt sentenced her to imprisonment till the rising of the court. Although larcenous people are not to be tolerated, still it would prevent many cases if shopkeepers exposing goods within the clutch of needy passers-by were made to stand the risk of their being taken away. The present practice is much like placing money in a conspicuous place in the way of a servant, and after watching her take it, prosecuting for theft. The case of Mary Ann Hough and Mr and Mrs Dodds, of the Bush Inn, arising out of some scalding coffee having been some time ago thrown over Mrs Dodds by Hough, in a fit of jealousy, was heard before the Eastern Police-court on Friday, and created a good deal of fun. As it was, however, clearly proved that the coffee had been thrown by Hough, who is a daughter of the well-known "Bet Naylor," she was fined, and the case she brought against Mr and Mrs Dodds not being supported was dismissed. There was very little business transacted in the Legis- lative Assembly on Thursday evening. As soon as the preliminary notices of motion and questions had been disposed of the House went into committee on the Scab Act Amendment Bill. A few clauses were disposed of prior to the hour for refreshment, but when the time for. resuming business arrived there was no quorum, and the House adjourned until Tuesday next. It was certainly a very unfortunate thing that the benefit of Mr Milne, at the Theatre Royal, should havo fallen on a night when a great amateur musical attraction elsewhere was calculated to draw every body away from the theatre, for otherwise we believe so painstaking and generally so respectable an actor would have been rewarded with a good attendance. As it was the attendance was very poor indeed, the upper portion of the house being only tenanted by a meagre sprinkling of visitors. " Navel Engagements" was chosen as the first piece, and was produced iu very good style, if we except that portion of the cast made up as the result of pushing people who should be beginners into leading parts. Mr Milne made a very good Admiral Ringstone, playing the character carefully and dressing it with as much precision. Mr J. H. Amery played the Lieutenant, and seemed as if he wished to overcrowd his acting with bye-play. In that he was pretty successful, throwing a good deal of stiffness also into the rendering. Mr Lachlan M'Gowan made a laughable Denis, and Mr Harrison walked through the part of Short with occasional spasmodic attempts at acting. The two lady characters found very good representatives in the persons of Mra Holloway and Mrs Gill. Boucicault's " Colleen Bawn" concluded the performance, Mr Milne again taking his old part of Danny Mann, and taking his usual pains over its representation. The other parts, Mr Holloway being the Myles-Na-Coppaleen of the evening, were very well represented. The scenery was very good, and the sensational scene was got through in very good style. The following is the cast:—Myles-Na Coppaleen (with songs—" Groves of Blarney" and Widow Malone"), Mr E. Holloway; Hardress Oregan, Mr Daniels; ICyrle Daly, Mr Bennett; Danny Mann (his original character in the colony), Mr Jas. Milne; Father Tom, Mr Noble; Mr Corrigan, Sir Searle; Mr O'More, Mr H. J. Amery; Patsy, Mr Harrison; Hyland Creah, Mr Ceasar; Corporal, Mr Montague; Eily O'Connor (the Colleen Bawn), Mrs E. Holloway; Ann Chute (the Colleen Ruadli), Mrs L. M'Gowan; Mrs Cregan, Mrs Gill; Sheelah, Miss Kate Ryder; Kath leen Creah, Miss Pluche; soldiers, guests, &c.; This evening, at the Bijou Theatre, Professor Parker and Miss Annie Beaumont will appear in conjunction with the new variety company. 