ENTERTAIN ME NTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; u Give me leave To speak my mind.Sh ak&pk; abb. It is agreed that everything has been very doll these three weeks past, that there has been nothing greatly attractive at the theatres er anywhere else. For myself, I have been and ont of the world, and therefore entirely dependent for information upon several worthy persons who I knew were to be relied upon. On coining back again into the world, the first thing I saw in the way of amusements was the burlesque at the Theatre Royal, "Joan of Arc " to wit. I concluded after seeing it that the worthy people must be right if this burlesque re presented what has been offered in the way of amusements. Perhaps the management selected it because of its dullness. A dull time—it always is, more or less, dull before Christmas—they probably reasoned should have a dull piece. If they went on this prin ciple their judgment merits the highest com mendation, for " Joan of Arc " is the dullest piece one could possibly see in a half-century. It sets one speculating whether the decadence of burlesque has not only begun, but ad vanced a long way. If this be, indeed, the indication, there is nothing so much to regret, for burlesque, as everybody knows who is able to think out an opinion, has done much mischief in hindering the progress of the real drama. The evil days upon which the drama baa fallen have been hastened a good deal by the large preference given to bur- lesque, and if the last of the evil days is about coming to a close, I, for one, shall not regret that darkness has fallen upon the hideous caricature known under the general designation of travestie. In saying this I am not unconscious that there are many degrees of merit in burlesques. Ad mitting them to be inevitable, some burlesques may be pronounced excellent. To this class, however, "Joan of Arc" certainly does not belong. It represents the extreme of flatness. It maintains a level dreariness all through. If La Pucelle and such like pets of history are to be dressed in motley, let the motley be bright and glittering at any rate. If the dreari ness of the piece were not relieved by great beauty of scenery the audience would surely fall asleep the first five minutes, and continue sleep ing until the end. The acting seemed to con sist in the characters coming on and going off for no apparent reason, and the words spoken had little meaning, and, so far as I could dis cover, no point. There was singing here and there, and dancing here and there, as if it had occurred to the author that perhaps he might as well have singing and dancing, but they bore no discoverable relevancy to the action, and it is surely unnecessary to say that the action of a burlesque should be as consistent on its own arbitrary plane as that of a tragedy. In point of chronological order, The bur- lesque was not the first thing I saw after my enforced retirement from the world. A " Ballet Divertissement" represented the very first thing, and the " Ballet Divertissement" might have passed without comment if it had not included the Sisters Duvalli, whom the di vertissement gave me the opportunity of seeing for the first time. The Sisters Onvalli are astonishingly clever, especially one sister, who is a kind of marvel in her way. She blends what is so seldom seen blended, namely, power and grace.' A powerfal woman' gene rally conveys the notion of a large bony creature of the Helen Macgregor sort. She.is mostly an alarming person, whose ac quaintance one' would rather not culti vate. Picturesque, perhaps, at a very long distance, but strongly corroborate ing the truth of distance' lending enchant ment to the view.' But Miss Rosalie Duvalli is not of this kind. 'Set movements \--~,ii^hibely elegant, and yettheyposseasa j ^strength and precision qbhsistent Oxooptional muscular development ihadstrong, bounding, .active dan ifchfsstage anrrethne, but just as they j bounding they were angular hijsf Hose Duvalli is not She has ths vigour of the i Ldty that we are t-likh,though, as I Mr ftSyfrxly fho thrfSrif sylphs they "would,appear to have possessed some qualities of gracefulness which Miss Duvaili illustrates. If the management should.getup a real ballet—and , real ballets are worth getting up, always provided they ate not stinted in the items of scenery and other stage appliances—the Sisters Duvaili will be found invaluable aids in securing its com pleteness. . . . , , The current records of the tame include the fact that last Friday night Mr. G. R. Ireland took his benefit. The public was not excited over the result, but I have known the public excited about people considerably less deserving than Mr. Ireland. He is not given to blowing his own trumpet, and I would rather he did not acquire that bad habit, but if he were to blow it, I do not doubt his capability of sending forth a very audible sound. Mr. Ireland possesses that most rare quality—especially rare among actors modesty. His modesty, I believe, has a gdod deal stood in tire way of his advancement — it stands in the way of any man's advancement in this part of the world—hut I dare say he would not act differently if all the ten years that he has been on the stage had to come over again. He has probably not reached to the degree of success he hoped for—who ever does?—but he has secured to himself the right to be considered a good intelligent actor and an honourable man. He is en titled yet to look forward to a great success, perhaps not in Australia, for we know the fate of prophets in their own country, but I hope to hear of his name in large bills and large letters one of these days, when he shall have gone from us to the other side of the world. He has waited the flowing of the tide which, though long in coming, has not, I think, yet passed the flood. There appeared on the occasion of his benefit Mrs. Vincent, who has been so long absent from Melbourne that one might have supposed she had left us for ever. She has been long enough among us to have become an old favourite, and when she does leavens, as I hear she intends to do in the yenning ■ of next year, she will carry with her so many kind recollections that haply they will draw her back to ns at no distant time. There is to be a pantomime at each theatre this Christmas, that is to Bay, at the Royal and the Haymarket. The Princess's is seem ingly extinguished. Mr. Akhurst is the author of both of the Christmas pieces, and the subject of the Haymarket one is oddly enough "Jack Sheppard." Burlesque writers, having used up all the fairy-tales, have long ago taken to history, poetry, and stock- plays for their materials. I always think pieces of the "Jack Sheppard" stamp are absurd J enough to be regarded as burlesques proper, without the necessity of any refashioning to ipftVa them burlesques of the orthodox pattern. For the essence of burlesque is ex aggeration, and there is study enongh of ex aggeration in the "JackSheppard drama. There had need be something amusing to make cheerful that gloomiest of theatres, which now seems always to be haunted with the ghosts of those who have failed in it, which means pretty nearly everybody who has bad anything to do with it in the way of management. Even Mr. Albert Richardson s pleasant concerts cannot make the Hay market quite cheerful. To he sure, on last Tuesday night there was everything to make cheerfulness difficult. It requires the Tapleyan philosophy in its most intensified form to be cheerful with the thermometer at somewhere i about 100°. Mr. Richardson is not respon | sible for the temperature, however. K he could have kept it at 65° I have no doubt he ; would have been glad to do so. But as he could not, he arranged his programme so as to make his audience as far as possible insensible to caloric influences. But a concert of amateurs almost of ne cessity infers an audience of a respon sive character. Almost every performer has a group of friends ready to recognise his merits and pass over his faults, and yniftna there be some exceedingly marked instance of deficiency, there is seldom^any manifestation of disapproval on such occasions. Besides, this was Mr. Richardson's eighth pupils* concert, and he has gained sufficient experience to know which of his pupils may be safely trusted with responsible duties. Several of these might try conclusions with every prospect of reasonable success with pro fessional performers. The lady- amateur who sang in the duet from " Lucia with Mr. Daniels, has a voice not only of considerable power, but of more rtinn ordinary sweetness. She lacks only expression to constitute her a great attrac tion at these concerts. Mr. Daniels sings with an agreeable mastery over his voice, a great recommendation in any singer, but especially noticeable in amateurs, who are not commonly remarkable for this mastery. Mr. B. Clark, junr., has a tenor voice of excellent capability, which he would materially improve if he would learn the almost lost art of distinct articulation. This fault of not sufficiently using the organs of articulation, however, is so common as almost to be universal. The gentleman who sang the ballad from "The Lily of Kil larney" may be quoted as an extreme example of thin vice in vocalisation. I do not know ^ teachers of singing consider it part of their duty to insist upon a distinct pronunciation of the words, but if they do, their pupils are in the last degree inattentive to the counsels presumably given on this head. Another pupil-concert has also taken place within the last hebdomadal cycle, to wit that of Mr, Julius Here at the Town- hall, Frahran, last Saturday afternoon. Mr. Here probably selected the afternoon as being more likely to bring the friends of his pupils to gether, and his design succeeded. Mr. Here's programme on this occasion suggested a preference for the classical rather than the operatic. All Mr. Here's concertfhave been distinguished by a certain high quality in tRe selection a included in ,the programme, mid this one was mere than in bdcordance with ;the high standard of compositions preferred by Mr. Herz. The execation was consistent with the Quality, the piano-playing being espe • cially excellent. Chopin's Marche Fundbre, which is now tolerably familiar to the cul tivated musical ear of this city, was given with an expression capable of satisfying ex acting criticism. It was applauded with an I enthusiasm which shows that almost every j kind of music has its advocates In this com- j . m unity. Classical, operatic, popular, or music-halliBh, each will go down if the con ditions of time and place be well observed. There is, in fact, an almost ravenous appetite for music in Bome shape, and the more general elementary study of music as a part of educa tion renders it all the more likely that this preference will increase. The wonder is not, therefore, that an opera company is coming out, but that opera has ever ceased to be an institution in Victoria. It is not probable that opera will ever become what it might be, either here or'elsewhere, namely, an ex ceedingly idealised form of the common drama; but it is not beyond hope that a new company will bring with them something more of real enthusiasm than the companies we ha ve hitherto had. I place no faith what ever in the assurance of the individual excel lence of those composing the new company, bnt as they come fresh from associations in which opera may be supposed to have reached a high degree of at least mechanical completeness, we may reason ably expect to witness some improvement upon what has previously been the rule with us. At no time better than the present could opera be recommenced with a more certain likelihood of obtaining a large share of patronage. From music to magic is but a step, seeing how completely magical some music is. Per haps it is in obedience to this principle that Mr. Heller has blended music with " somatic conjuring." He lias certainly shown that in each of these he can reach to excellence. His experience has shown him how to secure the continued patronage of the public, and the ingenious manner in which he varies his programme almost necessarily makes him con* fident of success. The way in which he invests familiar tricks with a new interest may be illustrated by the speaking-bust business. The mode off effecting this illusion has almost ceased to be a mystery, but the perfect neat ness with whichit is done necessarily renders it charming. A cloud seems to have fallen upon the other conjuror. An abandonee of explanation is promised, and I know not what revelations are to come out of the action said to be pend ing between Mr. Chapman and Mr. Weston. I regret a thousand times when these differ ences occur, for they only make the enemies of all kinds of amusements more bitter in their enmity. JAQUES. 