THE DRAMA. t' ' mm ? ' - ?*-? ' ? 1_ At the Royal, Mr Montgomery, Miss Cievo land aad Jliss Bowring have been drawing fair houses to Shakespear e's characters, whioh we have before noticed and exhausted— not the . subject, bnt ourselves. Mias Cleveland sus tains her reputation as Kosalind, which she certainly delineates with labored happiness, curiosa fcHcitas, the ea36 ol mastery, and the , grace that seems intuitive ; but, in reality, is the result of labor and experience. In suoh parts she, is great, but ia sterner realities Miss Bon 'ring far exoela her. There, is a crispneaa in the articulation of the latter, and a practical good sense in her impressive firm ness that leave { a more lasting impression. Winter is more bracing than summer. Yet, we love to be soothed and charmed better than to be braoed; bo, somehow we prefer summer. Mr Harwfiod has engaged Mr Frank Drew, brother to John Drew.whom all remember. If he be half as good as his brother, he is right welaome. It is not easy to refrain from smiling, when we read of Harwood'n mournful discovery, that he cannot procure better talent than that he has. He reminds me of the Roohdale merohant on his travels. Rochdale is a pronperous manufacturing town, some six or eijjht miles from Manchester, roman tically an& picturesquely situated in tho hollow of a chain of mountains, the Hamilton range, if I remember right. The Cockney bursts intp raptures at his first view. Old British words linger among the natives, and a portrait of ' Tim Bbbbia ' adorns every cottage, to Bay nothing of the memory of Sir Aeton Lsyer. Well, a wealthy young merchant, hiving made hie pile, resolved on travel. After a month at Paris, he proceed to Switzerland.'and , on his arrival was disappointed. ' Why, I might have saved ray money, and gazed urouni me 'at home at Rochdale ! Ia this your boasted Switzerland? The pamo soenery I was born inJ' He returned home; em bellished hia property, onS preaohoi to hlo townsmen not to sell their own land to see other people's, but to prize the beautv they have at their feet and aronnd them. So Har wood will return, a wiser man. : Mr Montgomery leaves us for Adelaide, where, they say, he is admired for the very ori ginalities at whioh Melbourne laughs, and the persevering Mr Talbof, again will bless no by displaying all that a young actor should avoid, and a playgoer pray to be delivered from. ' Tho black opera of Weston and Husaey continues to attract crowded audiences, tho front seats being filled by well-dressed ladifs, who Bcem to enjoy the fun and to take interest m the well-executed vocal muBio. Mr Rain ford has unquestionably no less taste than power. His ?' Ring the , Bell, Watchmau' and ' When we were Boys t)gethet'' gave uni versal delight, and his parts-'nging in the minor key seems to bring out the melody in all its beauty. Mr Campbell has a good tone, but the ' counter tenor appears somewhat un assured in manner, and his voice as yet un formed. '. The oomic glees are . very well sus tained. Mr . We stop ; presides .over his sablo clan with gentlemanly ease and artistio ver satility ; while Kelly and Hussoy keep the junior attendants in a state of unflag ging hilarity. Some very beautiful ballads are sung with effect by Mr Cimpbell and Mr Rainford. Frank Weston's comic humor in the omnibus song convulses the house; while the antics and feats of U19 rival cads are equal to any ChristmaB pautotniuie. A very wbimsioal interlude 'The Ghost in a Pawnshop' brings out the histrionic ability of Weston and Kelly, the former rivalling 'Jumpin* Moses' aa the fastidious and frightened Jew. . The shoe dance ia as .grace ful as ever, while the happy attentions to the comfort of the visitor^, and the taat with which confusion or crowding is fo:eseen and prevented, make this most elegant little opera saloon well worthy of its crowded and fashionable audi ences. ' ? ? ''?.'? ', Ellis's Mnsio Hall presents ho ordinary 'at- tractions. ' Though ; the 'stage is certainly, too small for the room, and we object to the very obstreperous encores, yet to leave is not easy when once you find yourself in. - , Miss . Rssalio and Miss Royal have some sweetness, and skill, and Mr Harry, Morgan sings with real humor. Mr Cowan seems, a universal favorite, so we merge our own taste. Bat the gem of the evening is the 'Dancing Mad ' of the ambidextrous Mr Barry O'Neill. Pallid in face, with dishevelled wild hair, you think you see Mr Walter Mont gomery starting at the Ghbsfc of Denmark's buried majesty. Clad in Waok tightB, and blue-coated, he recounts his jealousy of his wife, and. his rage at her detected paramour. But they .vote him mail,' and so I am.' Dano ing-mad.. Bounding, and pirouetting, spreading , oat arms and legs like an enthusiastic spider, he, whirls about the staga as though ho were distri buting his corporeal funotiens among his . friends, making one a present of his legs, the other of his arms. Glaring wildly over the footlights, he emulates the tragedian, then with elastio entrechats reoails the memory of Oscar Byrne; knock-kneed, squatting and sartorial, he steps like a kanscarooi and, in a moment, vanishes from the wondering - and very noisy admirers. The happiest order and good humor prevail, and tho waiting, is all that can be wished. Mr Black has great comic power and intelligent humor, and seems to be highly, ap preciated. A vibit to Ellis's will not be re pented of , but repeated. ; - .:;, , 