THE WEEK'S NEWS. Frightful Death of a Horse.—A singular accident recently occurred to one of the Northern mail horses. One of the mail coaches had just changed horses, and a fine team was pnt in harness, but had only proceeded from the mail station a short distance when the. driver's atten- tion was directed to one of the animals in the pole, a fine beast standing over 16 hands high, becoming suddenly lame. It being midnight, no further notice was taken until the coach had proceeded about six miles onward. Then the vehicle was suddenly brought to a standstill by the horse fall- ing, and on examination it was found that the poor animal had bled to death from the loss of its hoof, which had been torn off at the navicular joint, leaving the coronet and pastern completely exposed to the metal road. The sufferings endured must have been most acute, as the bone was com- pletely worn down by coming in contact with the surface of the road. An American Hotel at St. Hilda.—A few days ago our {Argus) Ballarat correspondent men tioned, as a new scheme just introduced to the notice of the "Corner," a "Grand Marine Hotel Company," projected by Mr. C. Foreter, for several years the Governor of the Ballarat Gaol, next proprietor of the George Hotel, Ballarat, and latterly known as the proprietor of the George Hotel, St. Hilda, near the Railway Terminus. Hence it was not inappropriate that he should seek early the support of his Ballarat friends. The ex hibition in Mr. Paling's window in Collins-street of the magnificent design for the new building, prepared by Mr. J. Fiannagan, has now in a measure brought the thiDg before th; Melbourne public. It is not the first time a grand marine hotel at St. Hilda has beea talked of, but the present undertaking has more promise of success than any of the others. The proposition is to raise a capital of £50,000, in 5,00j shares of £10 each; and, en passant, it may be mentioned that about 700 of tnese shares were t^ken up at the "Corner" within a very short time. Between £30,000 and £40,000 of this money is to be spent on the hotel, which is to be built on the vacant corner, 135 feet x 250 feet, at the corner of Grey and Fitzroy streets, immediately adjoining the George Hotel, and opposite the Railway Station. The allotment has already been purcbased by Mr. Forster from Mr. Edward Cohen. The projected building is of superb dimensions, and, as planned, surpasses in appearance every other Victorian hotel. The facade commands both streets. At the corner is a tali tower shaped lite a campanile, rising over 100 feet. At each fiank there are lesser towers, of four storeys each, and the body of the two fronts consists of two sets of lliree colon nades, one above the other, the two lower ones surmounted by light round-beaded arcbes, and the upper offering some variety of design in the Co rinthian columns which support the parapet. The style is properly called Italian, but it has been so applied that au air of elegant lightness is given to the whole exterior. The interior design provides for a club-house at one end, a manager's residence, and the hotel proper, which last includes a large dining-room 50 ft. x 25 ft., several smaller dining rooms for family purpose, about I(J sitting-rooms, and S3 bedrooms. Altogether, independent of servants' rooms and cellarage, the structure will con ta n 120 rooms. In the centre is to be a court, with fountains, flowera, and greenery. There will be no bar except at the extreme back, but ample provision in the shape of smoking, coffee, and billiard rooms. The club-house has, oi course, its independent accommodation. The internal corridors are arranged in suites of rooms for families, and also upon a scale similar to those of the large American hotels for borders, who will thus unite the independence of the hotel with the comfort of a boarding-house. The kitchen is to be on the topmost storey, hydraulic lifts affording the necessary means of communication. The institu tion will also combine a Post and Telegraph Office. The Poet Augusta Railway.—By the last mail defiuite information was received from the parties whose tender was accepted by the Govern ment for the construction of the Port Augusta Railway, showing that the matter is being pro ceeded with, and that an agent on behalf of the Company may be expected by the next overland mail. Messrs. Edwin, Clark, Prit chard, & Co., writing on behalf of the promoters, under date 25th February, 1869. say, " We have had several interviews with Mr. Dutton, Agent-General of the Colony of South Australia, and a number of our friends, in cluding Sir George-Grey, who was once Governor of the colony, and the result is that we have de termined on undertaking the business, provided that in conjunction with the Company which we have formed among our friends and capitalists, we can negotiate such a contract with the Government as will enable us to carry out the undertaking." They then state that the Company would be registered under the Companies Act of Great | Britain in a few days, and that an agent would be dispatched by the March maiL The Norwood Primitive Methodist Chapel. —Anniversary sermons in connection with this ! place of worship were preached on Sunday, April; 18\. The attendance at each of the services was i very good. On Monday evening a tea meeting was ; held, followed by a public meeting. The Rev. J. Williams (pastor of the chapel) occupied the chair. Recitations were given by children belonging to the Sunday School. Addresses were delivered by the Chairman (Rev. J. Williams), Rev. J. G. Wright, I and Messrs. J. Nurse and Woods. . A vote of thanks having been proposed to the ChairmaD, the ladies, and the friends, the meeting closed with the doxology. A collection was made, which amounted j to £L 5s. The Park Ranger.—It appears some fault has been found with Mr. Burt, the Park Ranger, in connection with the issue of sand licences, tbe matter being referred to, though the facts are not stated in the Finance Committee's report appear ing in another column. We publish by request the portion of that officer's report to the Council bearing upon the subject, which is as follows "In consequence of much carting of sand going on at the Frome Bridge, the Corporation Conservator has his time much occupied there. To assist him, and prevent the sand carters being lined for being found without licences, I have for the last three weeks issued slips, the account of which each eveniug has been rendered to the Assistant, and the money paid. I am sorry to find that, in my desire to prevent the Corporation being defrauded, I have been seriously blamed. I immediately ceased the issue of the papers upon being informed I was wrong." Temperance and Elechon s. —From the South Australian Temperance Herald we glean the subjoined items:—120 of the new House of Com mons are pledged to support the Permissive Bill. At the recent elections in Great Britain "many candidates used no public-houses tor Committee rooms, and the elections at these places were by far tbe most orderly in the kingdom." At Macclesfield, out of 1.000 members of the Liberal Committees, 930 took a pleJge to abstain from all liquor during the progress of the canvass. Arch deacon Sandford has lately ascertained that in tbe Province of Canterbury there are nearly 553 parishes, with about 90,000 inhabitants, destitute of public-houses or beer- shops. The Accident Insu rance Company has intimated that it will pay no claims where the insured were drunk when they met death. The same Company has ottered to insure teetotallers at 10 per cent less than ordinary lives. The new Governor of Massachusetts and seven out of eight of his Council, 3-J of the Senate out of 40, and in the Rouse 105 from 220 members are for prohibition. Ste-.m Excursion.—The shareholders of the L.A.S.B. Company took their annual trip to the Murray-mouth in tbe steamer Telegraph on Monday last. There was a large muster of share holders and their friends, numbering over 100 } ladies and gentlemen. The steamer started from ! I Milaug Jetty at 9 a.m., and arrived at Goolwa at a i quarter to 10. After stopping half an hour, the steamer went on to the Murray-mouth, and landed the p .ssengers on the beach, who enjoyed | themselves for a couple of hours in gathering shells, weeds, sponges, Ac. The excursionists returned to Goolwa, and after stopping ten mi nutes, steamed away for Milaug, airiving about 9. The weather was everything that could be desired, and nothing occurred to mar the pleasure of the , trip.—Southern Argus. The Racehorse Norma. — Mr. W. Lang Norma, the winner of the Adelaide Cup at the recent race meeting, was forwarded to Melbourne pir steamer Aldinga on Tuesday. New Music.—The Adelaide Miscellany, No. 20, just published, contains a pretty song, entitled "The Tender Moonlight," written by Augusta M. Catlow, and set to music by Mr. Edward J. Catlow with pianoforte accompaniment. "Do you really believe, Admiral," ' said a Washington lady to Admiral Farragut, | "that the dead walk after death?" "I have not: i the slightest doubt of it, madam," replied the I gallant Admiral, "for I have myself heard the ! ! * Dead March iu Saul.'" j The Value of a Sovereign.—The following are the sums received by the different Sovereigns:—AlexanderII. of Russia, £1,700,000; Abdul Aziz of Turkey, £1,320,0JH; Napoleon Iff of France, £1.040.001; Francis Joseph of Austria, £800,000; William of Prussia, £690,000; Victor j Emanuel of Italy, £480,009; Queen Victoria £410,000; Isabella of Spain. £300,000;and .Leopold of Belgium, £120,000. The President of the I United States, £5.000. I ggp The Vicissitudes of Commercial j Pcospcnrrr and decay, and the fluctuations of ' wealth and power, afford an interesting and in 1 structive theme of contemplation. The glories of 1 Tyre aud Sidon have depai ted—their sites are j w aste or unknown. Carthage is a desert. Venice, in its gloom nrd silence, resembles a city of the : dead. And if we ask—Where is the commercial | greatness of Holland? echo answers — Where? : Among the most recent and striking examples of J this natuie, we would mention that, whereas the | French formerly usurped the manufacture of all articles for the toilet (constituting an important and prolitable part cf commerce) our spirited ■ countrymen now so far surpass them that the j French and Germans are compelled to imitate the j marks, labels, and signatures of Fng'.ish inventors : to sell their base and fraudulent imitations. The j articles particularly selected for this unprincipled j design are those of Messrs. Rowland & irons, of j Hatian Garden, whose inimitable Macassar Oil I for tins growth of Hair, and invaluable Kalydor j for preserving and beautifying, the complexion, i have obtained universal celebiity. The genuine 1 articles may be obtained at most of the respec- j tattle Chemists s*id Storekeepers tbrougliout the 1 Country, A Canine Policeman.—An amusing incident of the sagacity of a dog occurred at the Port on Sun day last It appears that one of the constables stationed there possesses a fine Newfoundland dog, and whilst the reserve man was engaged with a prisoner he heard a strange noise outside, and as soon as possible proceeded to ascertain the cause. He then found that the dog, having discovered a young pig astray in the streets, had taken the same in custody, and was endeavouring to drive it into the station—a feat which he ultimately accom plished. The grnnter was then taken possession of until it was claimed bv its owner, when it appeared that the animal made its escape from a box in which it was in transit to its owner's residence. Racing Match.—We understand a match has been arranged to come off on May 5 between Mr. Varcoe's Billy Button and Mr. Adcock's Corsair. Distance, two and a half miles; weight, 13 st.; one event. Accident to the Racehobse Pbstob.—As Mr. Formby's horse Prrotor was about to be shipped per Aldinga for Melbourne an accident occurred which prevented its embarkation. It appears that whilst the persons in charge of the horse were endeavouring to put it into a horsebox 1 the animal went backwards and fell overboard between the wharf and the steamer. The vessel was quickly cast adrift, the horse swam into the stream, from whence, with the aid of boats, some men contnved to guide it below the whaTf, where it was lauded very little the worse for its bath. Posting a Defaulter.—A well-known mem ber of the legal profession has resorted to a pro ceeding very rare on the part of members of the i South Australian Jockey Club—posting a defaulter | at the recognised head-quarters of sporting. The | delinquent in this instance is a leading resident of a country town. The circumstances arose out of a bet of £2 on the Adelaide Cup and Jockey Club Handicap. Hospital Boabd.—Mr. C. H. T. Connor has resigned his position as a member of this Board, and the Government have decided to appoint Mr. Townsend, MP., to fill the vacancy. The Rev. T. Lloyd, late of Gawles.—In the Banyip there appears a lengthy notice of the Rev. T. Lloyd, who has removed from Gawler to Norwood. We extract as follows:—"During his stay he was very useful, his untiring labours being attended with great success in winning souls to Christ, there being an increase, as shown by Church returns, of over 90 members since he came to Gawler. JNot only have the laDours Keen successful in a spiritual sense—they have been equally so financially. Prior to his coming to the Circuit there, was a great difficulty in making the income meet the expenditure; but owing largely to his efforts that difficulty has ceased to exist, and a handsome balance has been placed in the hands of the stewards. The various places of worship which have been erected throughout the Gawler Circuit show that the rev. gentleman's efforts to benefit the people have been most assiduous. At Onetree Hill, where three years ago the Wesleyans had no cause, a neat and commodious chapel has been erected, which on the Sabbath is comfortably .filled by an interesting congregation. At VVil laston, where the want of a house of prayer has been much felt, the above- named gentleman set to work in the face of great difficulties, and suc ceeded. in connection wit h the efforts of the people, in erecting a small chapel, where the usual re ligious services are held. The efforts of Mr. Lloyd iu connection with the building of the new church in Gawler have been unceasing, and great praise is due to him f or the manner in which the whole ar rangements have been carried out, aud tlie building completed aud opened iu so short a time. On Sunday, the 4tb, the Rev. Mr. Lloyd preached fare well sermons in the morning from Gen. xL 24: and in theeveningfrom Acts xx. 23 he delivered an affecting sermon, dwelling upon the satisfaction with which he had laboured amongst his people, the mingled feelings with which he committed them to the care of the Great Head of the Church, concluding by earnestly commending them to God and to His grace. The large church was crowded: At the close the rev. gentleman administered the Lord's Supper to about 120 communicants (who appeared to feel deeply on this parting occasion). He explained that hitherto he had always taken leave of the Church at the Lord's table, and be much preferred that to any farewell service which might be got up by the Church. This statement will explain why there was no special farewell meeting arranged for, and will show that it was not from any want of affection on the part of members of the Church, but in accordance with the wishes of the rev. gentleman himself. Mr. Lloyd has left Gawler with the best wishes of his former congre gation and Churcli, and of the people of Gawler generally."' Going Ahead.—Curious modes of raising money for religious purposes are now resorted to; but the New South Welshmen of Albury, according to an advertisement in the Banner, are enterprising, and have found something new under the sun, even if they have not a very clear idea of the •' fitness of things.'" There is in the paper named the indication of another lode having been struck { which may yield good returns, aud crop up; in various places. People are invited to purchase tickets for a tea meeting, concert, and grand ball, all on one day, at varying hours, in aid of the Building Fund of a Church there. The President of the Marine Board.— Captain Ferguson, the new President of the Marine Board, left the Port per Aldinga on Tuesday for the purpose of paying a visit of in spection to the harbour at Port Robe and other outports; also to the Cape Jaffa Lighthouse, now in course of erection. The visit to the lighthouse is owing to a request made by the contractors to be allowed to drive the screw piles of the structure to a depth of seven feet six inches instead of nine feet, it being alleged that the ground reached at that depth is of such a nature that the lighthouse will be equally secure as though the piles were driven to the contract depth. This appears to have received the sanction of the Engineer-in i Chief: but the matter had been referred for the consideration of the Board for its opinion respect ing the effect which might result from the pro posed alteration in the exhibition of the light. The Board, however, decided that no advantage would be gained by the proposed alteration. The President will report on the matter on his return. Temperance Meeting at York Eechabite Hall.—On Monday evening, the 19tb, tea and public meetings were held in aid of the funds of the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Bowden. The tea was given by a gentleman and lady, and a large number sat down to partake. The well-attended public meeting was presided over by Mr. J. T. Headdey, and abb-addressed by several gentlemen. The Chairman explained that their object was to assist the friends at Bowden, and advocate the total abstinence cause. Air. J. Tumfcull dwelt at csnsiJerable length upon the evils by which they weie surrounded tlirough the use of strong drink, and earnestly pleaded the cause of total abstinence as the only effectual means of removing these evils. Mr. S. Pickering, in his usual earnest manuer, dwelt upon the baneful effects produced by the intoxicating cup morally, religiously, and physically. The speech had the effect of rousing a landlady well known in the neighbourhood, who was determined upon having her side heard. She said she had been in the trade for 32 years iu South Australia, and had not coloured her features aud nose with her own drugs, nor had she enticed any to come to her bar to spend their hard-earned wages. She assured the meeting i hat there was no distress in the neigh bourhood caused by the traffic at l:cr house. On the conclusion, of her address, which caused much amusement aud some little confusion, the Chair man commented upon i\ and said he knew that there was a great deal of distress in the neighbour hood caused by strong drink. The landlady, he said, was not backward in laying a sprat to catch a mackerel, so that the poor carters might lie induced to stop on their way from the Port, drinking too much of that which was causing so much distress. Notwithstanding the eloquence of the landlady in pleading her cause, a number of persons came forward aud signed the pledge, and this closed one of the most humorous meetings held iu the York Rechabite HalL— Communicated. South Australlan Mining Association.— At the annual general meeting of this Association;-! held at the Offices, King William-street, thi3 morning; Mr. G. S. Kingston, M.P., in the chair. About £0 shareholders were present Tiic ! 24th annual report of the Directors was read and adopted, the leading features of which we have ] already published. The following gentlemen retired from the Board of Directors:—Messrs. Neville Blyth, John Beck, Thomas Graves, William Peacock, and G. S. Kingston. The following was the result of the poll for the election of new Directors:—Messrs. J. Beck, 166; G. S. King ston, 165; Neville Blyth, 160; W. Peacock, 119; John Bullock, 14S; Lavington Glyde, S3. The first five of these were declared duly elected. Subsequently an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders was held, at wliich the fol lowing resolutions were carried: - Proposed by Mr. 11\. By mi 11, and seconded by Mr. Homersham— "That this meeting hereby consents to and approves of the new laws, regulations, and pro visions, and amendments, alterations, and repeals specified and mentioned in the draft supple mental deed of settlement signed by the Chair man of the meeting." Proposed by Mr. L. Glyde, and seconded by Mr. A. Jaflrey— " That with the consent of all the hqlders of the original shares of and in the Association to be testified by their being parties to and executing the supplemental deed of settlement, the capital cf the Company be hereby declared to be ef the value of {£'JVJOO) sixty-one thousand j six hundred pounds, and to be divided ] into twehe thousand three hundred and twenty shares of five pounds each, anjJ that every holder of the original shares of and in the Company be awarded five of such twelve thousand three hundred and twenty shares in lieu of, and in exchange for every share held by such holders of such original shares, and that the Company shall have power to increase the said capital to one hundred thousand pounds by the creation and sale from time to time of any number of new shares or £5 each, not exceeding altogether seven thousand six JmDdred and eighty shares, and that the form of certificate of shares and certificate cf new shaies be altered in accordance with such increase in the number of shares and capital of the Company." These resolutions fully explain the objects of the meeting. The proceedings will be laid before another extraordinary general meeting for confirmation ou May 12. The Daniel Family at Tanunda.—The Daniel Family on their Northern tour paid a visit on Saturday to Tanunda, and gave a very excellent musical and literary entertainment Mr. J. W. Daniel's abilities are too well known to need any lengthened comment but he deserves great praise for the pains he has taken to efficiently train his children in the divine art. The piano-playing of the eldest son is extremely promising, and is even now brilliant. The glees were rendered in fine style, there being an exquisite blending of the voices. None will regret availing themselves of the opportunity afforded of listening to such harmony in the townships they purpose visiting in the North. The Fab North.—Letters received op Wednes day complain that the feed is short, and that the warm weather is likely to change its colour. More raiu is wanted. From Blinman we learn that on Saturday morning a gentle rain fell for five hours. A correspondent from the neighbourhood of Moolooloo writes on April 14;—"The weather during the past week has threatened for rain, having been close and sultry for hours at a time with heavy clouds hanging over head; but none comes, though we are anxiously looking for it, as the feed, though plentiful, everywhere is very short, and will die off altogether if there is much more of the present warm weather." I Sad Accident to a Deaf asd Dumb Che:d. —On Friday a little boy, three years old, son of Mr. Junken, was playing close to a heavy iron machine-wheel in Messrs. Klan & Greeu's yard, yard, Tanunda, when the wheel overbalanced and fell on the leg of the poor little fellow, breaking it in three places. This misfortune is all the ir ore sad from the fact that the little boy is deaf and dumb. Our local correspondent adds:—"I sincerely hope that our worthy Governor, who takes such great pains in visiting the different institutions, will give his attention to the esta blishment of a Deaf and Dumb Asylum, which might well combine with it one for eye diseases. The visit of Dr. Berncastle lias shown the misery surrounding us. Half-blind people have been reaching this place from all quarters aud all dis tances, and some who were unable to pay the re quired amount of money have had to return to their homes left to what appears to be their certain fate—one of misery—that of blindness. What a blessing would be bestowed upon these people by the outlay of only a small part of the sums wasted in useless expenditure." T03TAL ARRANGEMENTS AT A100NTA. — OUT local correspondent writes:—"After all the efforts to retain the Post-Office in the main street, it has at last been decided to remove it into the back street in which the Telegraph Office is situated, against the wish of four- fifths of the inhabitants. The importance of Moonta ought to warrant the erection of a separate building, in a central posi tion, especially if the report be true that the branch office on the Mines is to he closed." Improvement of Peninsula Trade. — The local Press reports that both at Moonta and Kadina trade is brisk and good, and the abundance of employment offered to skilled labourers con tinues to attract population from both the Burra and Kapunda. Several buildings have been erected in the Township of Moonta, and others are in the course of being put up. On the mines the popula tion literally teams; whilst on the Kadina-road numbers of miners' houses are being built on either side. There has been greater activity noticeable also at the Port, there being seldom less than 10 large vessels either moored alongside the wharf or lying at anchor in the bay, besides coasters coming in and going out. Hart v. Meters.—In this case, tried before the Local Court on Wednesday, Air. Goodman Hart sued Alfred J. Aleyers, broker, for the amount of a cheque given by him in payment for 59 shares in the Sew Cornwall Alining Company. The defen dant alleged that the plaintiff' sold him the shares as "all right*'except that there were two calls to pay, whereas in fact the shares bad been forfeited. On being informed to that effect by the Secretary the day after the sale he immediately stopped pay ment of the cheque, and offered the plaintiff to return the scrip on his tearing up the cheque, which he declined to do. The Court were satisfied that the shares were sold as good, but Air. Downer, the Special Magistrate, held that there was not proof that they had been forfeited. The evidence was that a resolution was come to by the Directors that an advertisement be inserted notifying that all shares on which calls were unpaid after a certain date "shall be absolutely forfeited;" but there appears to have been no subsequent resolution declaring that they "had been" forfeited. The two other members of the Court were of opinion that the defendant was in substantial justice entitled to a verdict, and declined to reserve a case on that ground, a verdict being found for the defendant. The Attorney-General appeared for the defendant, and Mr. J. W. Downer for the plaintiff A Brute —On Saturday evening the attention of Corporal Alanclarke and Police- constable Wilson, at Kadina, was arrested by a disturbance created by the screaming of a woman for help in the public streets. On arrival at the spot they found number assembled, who seemed inclined to use a man somewhat roughly, whose name was Percy. He had been drinking, and his wife went in search of him. He met her, and struck her a fearful blow, felling her to the ground at once. Had the police not beeu present, the crowd that had wit nessed the occurrence intended to give him a taste of Lynch-law. He was locked up, and on Monday fined by Air. G. N. JSirks, J.P., 5s. for drunken ness, his wife being too frightened to appear against him.— WaUaroo Times. Paper Currency at Blxnman. — Very great inconvenience, annoyance, and trouble are ex perienced at Blinman from the very unsatisfactory nature of the paper that is being handed about representing money. Of any coin of the realm very little is seen—gold literally none, silver very little more, and Bank-notes are very rare. The Yudanamutana Company's orders are respectable good circulating paper, but generally in amounts too large for small transactions, and consequently they are passed on and collected at the office in town. Then there are cheques on the Adelaide Banks not unfrequently in circulation several months after issue, and often to he seen literally in rags. And then come station and tradesmen's orders. Of the la6t some are payable in Adelaide, others have to be first collected from some local place of payment, involving risk of transit, delay of time, ana expense |of postage; and latterly, to in crease the difficulty, orders and cheques, either altered in amount or altogether forged, have found their way into circulation. It appears to residents almost unaccountable why some one of the numerous banking establishments in Adelaide has not seen it to be worth their while to supply the desideratum by opening an agency, though for a branch there would probably hardly be room. Doubtless the notes of such Bank would he kept in circulation, and other forms of payment at once collected. j Dr. Berncastle, the Oculist.—The Wallaroo I paper reports that Dr. Berncastle, the oculist, j aurist, &c;„ at the three townships on the Penin- ! sula lias operated successfully in a large number of i cases. As one case is illustrative of others, we j give the outline of one which came under our j notice. The patient was Airs. Cline, wife of a i smelter. She was suffering from a cataract in one t eye, totally obscuring vision, and from partial j blindness in the other, that had been operated 1 upon some years ago at Adelaide. After the natient had been placed in a recumbent position or: i a. table, the two eyelids were pressed back, and the | doctor cat, in the form of a semi-circle, through : the cornea, or outward skin of the eye-ball, ! with a sharp-pointed knife. He then loosened i the capsule in which the iens of the eye was i enclosed, allowing the lens to be emitted by the j application of a gentle pressure. This lens was - found to be opaque instead of transparent, render- ' iug vision impracticable. The eye was then ' plastered over, and when the slight cut is healed j the place of the lens will be supplied by the water : of the eye, through which the patient is expected to see. The operation, which the patient described ' as lieing nearly painless, was over in about two j minutes, and not a drop of blood followed. Occa- > sionally the capsule in which the lens is fixed has j to be removed, but this rarely happens, and when-1 it does is bat a momentary difficulty. Airs. Cline j was abie to see the moment the operation was over, ; but she will require to be kept quiet in a dark room ! for some davs. and the greatest care will be neces- I eaiy lest she should exert herself in any way for a time, as a violent movement of the muscles of the face might endanger the result by preventing the wound on the cornea from healing." Australian Meat in the English Navy.— There can be no doubt (says the Arffus) that Mr. Childers is about to make an important practical experiment as to the probability of using Aus tralian preserved beef in the navy. The matter was mentioned in the late telegrams of news to Guile, and we now learn that some months ago Mr. Cofiey, of the Shipping Exchange here, for warded to Sir John Paklngton a variety of samples of meats preserved by Mr. Hayes at his factory on the Saltwater River, and by the mail which arrived yesterday he received the following letter in reply from the Secretary of the Admiraliy"Sir—With reference to your letter of the llth September last, addressed to Sir John Pakington, I have to acquaint you that the Lords of the Admiralty have decided to make trial of Australian preserved beef ou a large scale ou board Her Majesty's ships, and steps are being taken accordingly which will be duly made kuown by public advertisement.—I am. Sir, your obedient servant (signed), Charles Richards." Commissariat Changes.—We believe that Mr. E. D. Ross, who, as already announced, has been j promoted to an Assistant Commissary General- j ship, will at the end of the present month hand J over the charge of the department to his present j assistant, Mr. Joseph Clark, and hold himself in ! readiness to proceed to England. There are several : ciianges consequent upon D.C.G. George Home, ! for some-time stationed at Melbourne, being placed j upon the Retired List; A. C. G. Castray has been 1 transferred, we believe, from Sydney to Mel- ; bourne; and Acting D.A C.G., E. ii. Christie, who I has lately been promoted to a Deputy Assistant- ! ship, has gone from Melbourne to Sydney, where j he will probably remain until relieved by D.A.C.G. A. E. Thompson, from the Straits Settlements. On the arrival of the latter at Sydney, Mr. Christie will, we believe, succeed Mr, Hose at Adelaide. j Tse Ship ComnsHABY.—A careful re-examina tion of our late London telegram (March IS) con vinces us that an almost unintelligible portion was misread, and that it really indicates the arrival in London of the ship Commissary, which sailed from Port Adelaide on November 10. Considering the large expense of London telegrams, it is a serious cause of complaint that they should be so sadly mutilated in the various foreign offices through which they pass. The Intercolonial Commercial Coneebence. —Mr. J. Bart, M.P., left by the Aldinga on Tues day, to proceed to Sydney to attend the Interco lonial Commercial Conference, which commences its sittings on May 3. Wellington Ferry.—It will be seen from the Central Boad Board proceedings that the Wel lington Ferry has again received a large share of attention from the Superintending Surveyor of the Souch-Eastern District, whose report is to be for warded to the Government. Primitive Methodist Missions.—In Tungkillo Primitive Methodist Chapel on April 18 sermons were preached by the Rev. W. Jenkins, of Strath albyn, in aid of missions. On Monday the public meeting was held, presided over by Mr. £L Burall, when Mr. S. Davie and the Revs. H. Pope and W. Jenkins sooke. The missionary boxes contained £i 6s. 4d., and collections were £114s. 6d. Wesleyan Changes.—Before leaving Pirie street, a warm and unanimous vote of thanks was passed at the quarterly meeting of the Circuit to Mr. Millard for efficient services, and also to his colleagues, the Bevs. A. Bigg and J. Y. Simpson. Primitive Methodist Sabbath School, Tcng killo.—The annual picnic was held on April 19th. About 10 o'clock all left for the scene of festivities, on the Hon. J. Baker's run, three miles distant. Nine waggons carried a flag each, and the leading one a handsome banner, all made and presented by Miss Jennet Walker. The company, numbering 300. enjoyed various games until lunch, when eacli child was awarded a book. The Bevs. W. Jenkins and H. Pope remained till 3 o'clock, when dancing was introduced. The rev. gentlemen kindly requested those thus engaged to desist, and upon their declining immediately ieft the grounds amidst shouts of acclamation. After sports, thanks, cheers, and hymns, the wagons returned with their frieght. Fire -T Injun VALLEY.—On Saturday night, the 17th, the dwelling-house and outhouses ou a farm, the property of Mr. Justice G wynne, re cently occupied by Messrs. J. & T. Goad, were burned to the ground. The origin of the fire is in volved in mystery. The Port-boad.—"With regard to the paragraph appearing in Tuesday's Register respecting the condition of that part of the Port-road within the boundary of Port Adelaide, we are informed that the Corporation have delayed the repairs pending communication with the Government respecting it being included in the schedule of main roads. The repairs to the road were, however, commenced on Tuesday. Theatre Royal.—There was a'moderate house on Tuesday night, when the " Ccrsican Brothers" was again presented. Any little roughnesses which were noticeable on Monday had disappeared. The masquerade was particularly successful, the i dancing of Mons. Massartic and Miss Lloyd j meeting with as much admiration as the three legged giant caused amusement. Mr. Bellair was quite at home as De Franehi, and the little Miss Juno had to do made one wish for more. The drama will be repeated this evening. Stow Memorial Chubch.—The total sum raised at the anniversary of the Stow Church, including collections, tea proceeds, &c.;, amounted to £51S 12s. We understand a gentleman connected with the congregation has promised, in the event of £600 being raised during the currency of the present year towards the reduction of the floating debt of £705, to supplement it with a gift of £100. The number of children belonging to the Sunday School meeting in the Freeman- street building is 285, and 21 teachers. The Rev. J. G, Millard.—A reception tea and public meeting was held in the building at the rear of the Wesleyan Church, Archer-street, North Adelaide, on Wednesday evening, April 21, on the occasion of the Rev. J. G. Millard assuming ministerial duties of the Second Adelaidq, Cir cuit. A very large attendance was present at the tea, which was bountiful in quantity and excellent in quality. Mr. J. B. Hack, the Senior Circuit Steward, presided at the public meeting which followed. The Chairman, in his preliminary address, said that when he joined the Wesleyan Society at North Adelaide 25 years ago, he thought that a great deal of good resulted from the preva lence of these social tea meetings, at which they had partaken that night. The class meetings also did great good. He hoped that endeavours would be made to keg) up the attendance at these class meetings. If the members were faithful in their attendance their Society would be a prosperous and happy one. Their chief object in meeting together that night was to welcome their dear friends the Rev. J. G. and Mrs. Millard. He was glad that they would have a vigorous man now at their head, and during the three years he would remain in their mid6t they should strengthen his hands as much as possible. He hoped they would convince Mr. and Mrs. Millard of the sincerity of their welcome. From what they knew of his labours in Pirie-street tbey were sure they had the right man in the right place. They received both with a most nearty welcome. Mr. J. Scott said the object of meeting together that night was to welcome Mr. and Mis. Millard, and to hear an expression of opinion from the stewards, leaders, and local preachers from the various Wesleyan Societies. He was glad that the call to attend had been so heaitily responded to. Mr. aDd Mrs. Millard were not strangers to him. He had eat under the ministry of Mr. Millard, and he joined heartily in the welcome to him and his wife. (Applause.) The Rev. G. W. Patchell said the efficiency of Mr. and Mrs. Millard was well known. He did not like to speak in praise of Mr. Millard in his presence, otherwise he would speak at length and folly on the subject. He knew of some who attributed their conversion to the discourses of Mr. Millard iu Pirie-street, aDd such a result as this was the highest attainment of a minister's mission. He heartily welcomed Mr. Millard as his superintendent, and his excellent wife. (Cheers.) Messrs. Gilliugham andSwanu joined in the expression of welcome. Mr. Millard, in acknowledging the welcome accorded to himself ] and Mrs. Millard, thanked them heartily for their kind remarks. He was glad that the reception meeting had included his wife as well as himself, as in her he possessed a helpmate in the ministry. He endorsed the remarks of the Chairman as- to the utility of punctuality of attendance at class meetings. During his ministration at the impor tant Circuit he had just quitted, as well as the Church in Sydney and Ballarat, he and the congre gation had always worked together with unanimity of action and feeling. Not a single ruffle of discord had disturbed their relations as Gospel workers. He felt sure tbat the same singleness of purpose and unity of mind would characterize their inter course iu the future. The proceedings, which were throughout of a cordial and social nature, closed with votes of thanks to the ladies who had provided the tea, and the Chairman. Presentation to Mr. M. Kingsborodgh.— Mr. M. Kings borough being about to retire from the fiim of Edelsten, Kingsborough, & Pearson, Manchester warehousemen, of Pirie-street, the employes in the establishment took steps to pre sent him with a testimonial expressive of the appreciation in which he was held by them. A handsome souvenir in the shape of a silver tea and cofl'ee service was procured, and Thursday afternoon, April 22, was fixed as the occasion on which to present it. Shortly after the appointed hour—4 o'clock—those connected with the house, numbering nearly 20, met in he fancy department. Mr. C. B. Mitchell, one of the managers, occupied the chair, and was supported on his right hand by | Mr. Kingsborough, and on the other by Mr. Pearson and Mr. F. A. Edelsten who represented the remaining partner. The Chairman, addressing Mr. Kingsborough, said those employed in the establishment had deputed him to express their feeling of regret at his retirement. They could not see him go out of the firm without presenting him with some memento of their esteem and regard. They hoped lie would accept this testimonial, as by it be would in tbe future possess | something that would revive the remembrance of I his past connection with them. Mr. Kings j borough, in replying, said he cordially accepted i the kind presentation. There were some present i who had been cennected with the establishment for several years, and during that time there had I existed the greatest amity between them. The ! Chairman was, he. thought, connected longer than ! any of the others, but to his recollection there had i not been the least unkind feeling between them. , He bad entire faith in the integrity of the hands I and managers, and regarded them as his friends. [ He felt that he had the confidence of them all, ; and was sure they bad the best interests of the establishment at heart, and could be trusted as men of their word. From his experience of them he considered they were men possessing business tact and ability, and whose word was their bond. He wished them all the greatest possible success, and that their connection with the house would he loDg. Employers and employes, he thought, should be regarded as having one interest in common, as one could not suffer without the other. He consequently held that when assistants were found to be heartily doing their duty that their services should be properly appreciated. He thanked them heartily for what he regarded as a towards him. Wishing the best success to the new firm of Eclelsten & Co., and hoping that the most cordial relations would exist between it and the employes, he once more thanked them for their testimonial. (0liters.) Champagne had been provided for the occasion, and at the call of ilie Chairman, "The Health of Mr. Kingsborough" was drunk in a bumper. Other toasts followed, including "The Health of Messrs. Edelsten and Pearson," proposed by Mr. Kingsborough, and i responded to by Mr. Pearson; " The Health of the Chairman,"' given in eulogistic terms by Mr. J. L. lies ley; "Success to the Establishment of Messrs. Edelsten & Co.," proposed by Mr. Arthur Chap man, till recently connected with the establish ment; and "The Future Prosperity of Mr. and Mrs. Kingsborough and Family," given by Mr. Healey, and feelingly replied to by Mr. Kings borough, who, shaking hands with those present, retired. The Governor, and the Masonic Hale, B.C. —The laying of the foundation-stone of tins Hall has been deferred until May 20th. This, ire are informed, is due to the fact that His Excellency Sir-James Fergusson intends visiting Melbourne prior to the ceremony. In event of His Excellency ; doing so, ire believe his intention is to return by way of Mount Gambier, and be present at the Narracoorte Coursing Match and attendant festi vities. The Parliament. —Twelve years ago to-day the first Parliament established by the Constitution Act was opened by Sir Richard Graves Mac DonnelL State of the Rivers. — The Drought Broken Dp.—We have received a number of reports of the state of the Upper Rivers, which we subjoin in the order of their dates, the latest and most favourable as to the prospects of traffic bang at the end. From Albemarle, about 17 miles above Menindie, on April 10, our local corre spondent writes : — " The drought on the Darling i3 completely broken up. Hot a day passes over without rain. Mr. Moody, the mailman, informed me that his was the only mail that could get to Wilcannia in time, the Booligal one being a day behind. He left Wilcannia in a thunder storm, and continued all day, and had to carry the mail bags on his hack to the Tintinalogy Hotel, having knocked up his saddle and pack horses. Yesterday's rain reached to within three miles of Albemarle, where we only bad a heavy shower. Itappea s that this and the previous rains fell the heaviest between the Tintinalogy Hotel and Wilcannia. The mail brings the news of a flood from the interior. The river is falling here feist; it is possible, however, that | any small steamers which may be at Wentworth when the rise comes down maybe able to get up; but I could not vouch for their getting back, as the Darling, when rising from heavy rains, falls very rapidly, and I believe the point will be tried whether a steamer can sell without a hawker's licence. The snagging parties are at pre sent employed on the 'l'elarao Run. The rise in the river will for a time prevent them working in the bed, but in the meantime they can be usefully employed burning and removing dead and obstructive timber on tbe banks, which often is an annoyance to skippers new to the river and steamers that don t answer the helm in turning sharp bends. What a pleasing sight to see grass and herbage growing by inches. In a few weeks you Adelaide folks may expect to hear of Tolarno wethers and Kinchega fat cattle on the road for town, and enjoy a delicious chop or steak, and remark at your tables this has come from those celebrated Darling runs." From Weinteriga, on April 15, " Woolwasher" writes:— " The river here has not risen more than 7 feet 9 inches, and has fallen about 3 feet 6 inches up to the present. It is failing at the rate of 4 inches in every 12 hours." Under date of Menindie, April 15, our local corre spondence then reportsThe river is falling fast, and there is no fre-h news cf a rise above. I fear that there will be no possibility of the steamers getting up as far as here. The weather is Extremely propitious for the squatter, grass growing by inches. W hat a chaDge in the appear ance of the district. We are in the best of spirits, trusting that business affairs will revive again." From Wentworth on April 20 our local represen tative sends the following memo.: "A letter from Toorale received to-night says ' The rivers above here are reported to be flooded; the Warrego has come down within eight miles of this.'" From letters received in town by business firms this morning we learn that the Darling was rising fast on the 20th at Wentworth, and that "the steamers were likely to get up to Bourke thiB season aEter alL" Later advices confirm the expectation, stating that the steamer Queen had started from Wentworth with 650 bales of washed wool for Milang, which she expected to reach about April 25. It therefore appears that the livers are now thoroughly open for traffic. It on antic Habbiage on the Dabling.—A most romantic marriage was recently consummated on the Darling, "and the story will bear telling. A Chinaman, following the useful, but not too ex citing occupation of a market gardener, be came enamoured of a certain young lady, who had some time previously taken up her abode in the locality where our Celestial friend drove a thriving trade. John assiduously paid his addresses, and was rewarded by having his attentions received Time proved that the course of true love was, in this case, a smooth one. and at last the day was fixed, the parson was sent for, the wedding ring purchased, the bride's train and wedding presents provided, the cake—a pyramid in size, and magnificent to look upon— was prepared, and ready at the bridegroom's residence. Visitors were allowed the plea sure of beholding it, ' while many mouths longed for a taste. The minister arrived to perform the ceremony, whenlol to the astonish ment of the neighbourhood, the bride refused to become Mrs. . Well, never mind the name. John Chinaman then became disconsolate, and would not be comforted. He stripped her of all her presents, brought them to his home, and then sat looking at them, saying, "There lie .£90 worth of things, and "no person to use them." In the midst of his mourning John was roused from his reverie by a lady, saying, " Dear Johnnie, I am come to console you in your troubles and disappointment. X will become Mrs. — suppose we say Ching Chong. I love this garden, this dear little cottage, those dresses, and will endeavour to make them lit me to save further expense. The parson is here; not a moment is to be lost." Not a moment was lost. The minister was called in, and in the presence of witnesses, male and female, the ceremony was performed. Invitations were issued, which were punctually attended to, and the pyramidical cake was soon put out of shape. The next move was towards the garden, and the water and sugar melons are reported to have suffered severely. This is the first Chinese marriage on the Darling, and we wish Mr. and Mrs. Ching Chong happiness. Accident at Goolwa.—An accident occurred to Mrs. J. Laffin, of Goolwa, on Monday evening. In company with her husband she was returning from a visit to a place a few miles distant. Mr. Laffin was driving his buggy, a young lady visitor being with him, and Mrs. Laffin was on horseback. On nearing Laffin Point Mrs. Laffin started forward to open the gate, when it is supposed that the horse shied, as he started very suddenly, and Mrs. Laffin was thrown off, falling upon her right shoulder, which is put out very badly. Dr. Todman, of Port Elliot, was sent for, and under his care Mrs. Laffin is progressing favourably. Accident at Tdngkillo.—An accident hap pened to Mrs. Henderson, of TnnglrflTo, on Tues ay, which it is feared will he attended with serious consequences. Her left leg and one finger of her right hand were, it is understood, broken, and her husband had to go several miles for a doctor. There were formerly two at Mount Pleasant, but both having left there would appear to be a good opening there for one, that place being in a central position for the neighbourhood. Much time is often lost in country places and lives are endangered by the delay in procuring medical aid. Dangeb fbom Playing with Matches.—On Saturday, when Mr. E. Wood, brickmaker, of Hindmarsh Valle3% was in the paddock near his house, he saw flames suddenly rising in the scrub at a short distance, and going to the spot he dis covered that two fires had been kindled in thick scrub. Had he not been at home the effects must have keen most disastrous, as the fire would iuevi tably have spread all over the premises. The authors of the mischief were two little boys, about six years of age. Last year the property of the Messrs. Wood narrowly escaped destruction from the same children playing with matches. Parents cught certainly to exercise proper supervision over their children, so as to prevent such direful risk; and matches should alwajs he kept in a secure place, where the younger branches of families cauuot. gaiu access to them. If pa'cnts were amenable to the law for the conduct of their child reu in such cases, it would tend to make them much more carefuL Mentndie Hospital.—The turgeoii to the Me uindie Hospital, it is reported, has resigned, and the building will possibly be closed for want of funds. Surely this usetol institution, in bo large and prosperous a district, where so many have already been benefited, will not be allowed to cease. The Hospital is provided with every re quisite for working the establishment, and it only requires rations and a few luxuries to carry it on—an amount of about .£600 a year is sufficient when supplemented by the blew South Wales Government with the same sum. Our local correspondent adds—"If the men on the stations object to pay fid. per week, let them have tickets at £2 each, transfe> able. With the men's subscriptions and the stations' donations the money would easily be raised. There are in mates from the Paroo isiver who have never paid a penny to the funds, and I am informed that most of the past patients never subscribed, and when they got employment forgot the Hospital and the kindness they re ceived." He then appeals to the well-known generosity of the Darling not to allow "so useful and much-needed an institution to collapse." Primitive Methodism.—On April 18 sermon in connection with the Ureeuwith Primitive Me thodist Sunday-School were preached by the Eev. Jno. Barber to crowded congregations. On the ISth tea and public meetings took place, which : were well patronised, the latter particularly. It was presided over by Mr. C. Watson, and addressed by Messrs. Osborn, Wliitmoie, Barnden (Wes leyan), and the Ilev. John Barb.r. The moneys i raised were more than equal to the requirements. Obituary.—llie customary column contains the notice cf the decease of Ilr. it. 13. Craine, of 1'anisey, Isle of Man—a gentleman who has rela- j tives in this province. A notice in a local paper j speaks very highly of bis rare skill as a prac- \ ticiouer, value as a friend, and his kind and bene volent disposition, constantly shown in efforts to ameliorate the condition aud lessen the Bufferin of the poorer classes of his native island. He ap pears also to have been a scholar, who manifested considerable attainment in favourite branches of study. Kich and poor alike mourned their loss. ThbAudit COMMIB8IOH.—It is satisfactory to < know that the Government have so far advanced with the task—which, to judge byUie^time spent, is no light one—of having the system of audit now pursued thoroughly investigated, as to have agreed upon the gentlemen who are to act with the Trea surer in performing this important service. Their names, however, are withheld for the present. The Masonic Hall, K.C. — The foundation stone of the Masonic Hall, K.C., is to he laid by His Excellency Sir James Fergusson on May 20. The order of the proceedings is to be as follows District Grand Lodge to be opened in Town Hall, adjournmentfor ceremony of layingthe foundation stone, return to close Lodge, luncheon, grand promenade concert in evening, brethren to appear in regalia, ladies and gentlemen in evening dress. The Theatbe Koyal.—On Thursday evening Messrs. Leotard and Warde took their benefit, and were favoured with a tolerably good house, so far as the pit and gallery were concerned. Although the names of the beneficiares have not been much before the public themselves, they have in their sphere proved themselves very efficient members of the company. They have rendered signal ser vice in connection with the pantomime especially, and this recognition of their usefulness was not at all undeserved. The programme— a very comprehensive one—commenced with a mutilated version of the nautical drama of "Black-Eyed Susan." During the two acts into which it was compressed the burlesque and tragic straggle for the mastery. In the first the burlesque element decidedly predominated; in the latter the - serious and pathetic assumed its appropriate j sway. There was the solemn trial, the formal condemnation and judgment, the deeply-affecting I interviews between William and the Admiral, his shipmates, and finally with Susan ; then the me lancholy group who were to witness the doomed man's last moments; and, last of all, the reprieve and its consequent ecstacies. Several of the actors played as if w ith a cbcsciousness that it was a make-up night, and that special care in the pre paration of their parts was not expected of them. Under these circumstances we prefer not to criticise each character. In the interlude the brothers Leotard performed some graceful and daring feats on the double trapeze, and Mr. Batson in Dundreary costume and figure, but without the Dundreary address or manner, gave the descriptive song, " vv alking in the Zoo," which has been one oi me latest "rages" m Melbourne. The third, part was the burlesqueof "Little Bed Riding Hood,"' and the Pantonine. Of these we have already said so much that we have nothing new to add. To-night "Still Waters Pun Deep" is to be per formed, with Mr. Bellair as John Mildmay. The Magixl Orphanage.—We understand the destitute children at the Grace Darling establish ment at Brighton will be removed in the course of to-day to the Magiil Orphanage, which, with the exception of the outbuildings, &c.;, is suf ficiently completed to admit of their reception. Narrow Escape.—As Mr. George Matthews, in the employ of Messrs. Harris, Scarfe, & Co., was returning to Hindmarsh from town on Wednesday evening, he observed a man lying across the rails of the Port line, in a state of helpless intoxication. The train was then leaving Bowden for town; and Mr. Matthews at once procured help, and removed the man to a place of safety. He gave his name as Bowe, of Macaw Creek; and the dangerous posi tion into which he got and his providential rescue should act as a warning to him for the futnre. Attempted Soicede.—On Wednesday, April 21, a labourer named George Devine was taken to the Adelaide Hospital, suffering from, the effects of a dose of strychnine he had taken. He was noticed on that afternoon by some persons on North terrace to drink something and fall down. He was at once taken to the Hospital, where remedies were applied, and on Thursday evening we learned that he was out of danger and nearly welL We hear that he has made two or three previous attempts at suicide, aud that a bottle of strychnine was found in his house. Deviue is the father of Beyen children. J. H. Scott, who attempted suicide last week, has nearly recovered. Private Match.—We hear that on Saturday there is to be a private match rim on the Old Adelaide Course, between four well-known amateurs, for a sweepstakes of £5. The match has caused some excitement amongst the friends of the gentlemen, and a large amount will he dropped on the event. Mobowie Mining Company.—A meeting of persons interested in this Company was held at Air. C. J. Coates's office, Register-Chambers, on Thursday, April 22. Fifteen gentlemen were pre sent, representing 1,398 shares, and Mr. W. K. Simms, M. P., occupied the chair. A letter was read from Captain Varcoe, dated April 7, stating that "the mine far exceeds my most sanguine expectations. The deeper we get down the better is the copper in quantity and quality, and I am pressing on with all possible speed; but at the bottom of the workings the ground is a little harder, and in order to make the most speed we must have some powder aDd drills. In the mean time I shall press forward as usual, and get wood cut and the tents built, to secure the men and pro visions against the bad weather sets in." After a brief conversation it was considered that this report was of such a favourable nature as to justify the Company being brought under the Companies Act, and a resolution giving effect to that opinion was carried unanimously. Messrs. ingleby and Robinson were appointed solicitors to the Com pany, and seven gentlemen were chosen as a Com mittee to carry out the resolutions of the meeting. A vote of thanks was passed to the Committee who had been acting up to this time. The meeting then closed, it being understood that a call of one shilling per 3hare would shortly be made. The Mackabeth Property.—Several samples of ore from the Mackaxeth property were exhibited at the Exchange on Thursday, April 22, which according to a paper lying alongside, signed by Air. W. i£y, contained copper up to 26 per cent,, and silver from a trace up to '2 ozs. to the ton. Beedy Creek AItne.—At last the Beedy Cree Aline is likely to receive the amount of attentio which it has been long thought its merits entitle it to. A short time since His Excellency Sir Jas. Fergusson visited the place^going through a great part of the underground workings and examining* the extensive machinery and appliances there in course of erection, and, as already publicly stated,. His Excellency appeared to be both surprised and pleased with the inspection. For the iast six or eight months the lessee, and other gentlemen in connection with him, have been clearing out the old workings and erecting machinery on a very large scale; with a view of putting this property, as soon as all should be prepared, on a footing of a first- class di vidend-paying mine. This preliminary work being done, they are now inviting the public to go and see, and judge for themselves; and, if they are satisfied with the prospects, to add to the working capital, and share in the profits which it is believed will be realized. They do not ask a large premium for obtaining a lease, which may prove to be worthless; but they point to the work done, as representing a full equivalent for the money they wish to raise. The value of the machinery ana plant and of the freehold smelting works and property, added to the cost of clearing out the old mine, is very neatly equal to the amount they claim in shares and cash. The pioposcd Company, more over, will gain ail the advantage of the immense outlay of the old Company in dead workings, at a time when it was impossible that it could even pay its way unless the ores were of extraordinary rich ness. We are informed that the promoters have hitherto refrained from working on a large scale until the machinery and plant should be erected, but they have employed a moderate number of hands raising ore, which number has gradually increased to eighty men underground (exclusive of those engaged in draining and clearing the mine), besides dressers of ore, carters, and smelters. The produce thus raised duriug the past six mouths is of the net value of about £5,000; and as tliis has left a profit on the cost of raisiag, it is more than probable that, now the machinery is ready to work, a similar amount of labour will leave a much larger profit. At the preseut time some 40 tons of ore a mouth aie being smelted at Blumberg, be sides a quantity sent on to the Port. It is only reasonable to suppose-that the measure of success iu the past will be materially exceeded in the future, especially as the Captain's report states that tue quantity 01 orcy ground laia open is aauy I increasing. It is said, indeed, that the new totrn ' ship of Palmer will soon number 1,000 souls. We I wish the promoters the success that their enter i prise deserves, and, as they have already risked so j large an outlay on their uvni responsibility, before even forming a Company, no doubt they will bare little difficulty in obtaining the additional capital required to work the property. The Rev. H. Walder asd the Moravian Aborigines Mission.—The Rev. H. Walder, Moravian missionary to the aborigines stationed at Ropperamana, near Lake Eope, lias written to a friend in Adelaide:—"Our Committee in Mel bourne having declared their inability to carry on this mission, I shall have to follow a call to Jamaica received from our Board in Germany.'* The gentleman who received this intimation, in sending to us, adds:—"I do not know that the success of the mission so philantlirophically initiated has been very great, as it is a work of time to make any lasting impression on aborigines such as those in the neighbourhood of Lake Hope and Cooper's Creek; but good has been done amongst them, and it is much to be regretted that the mission should be abandoned just when a knowledge of ihe language of the aborigines in that part of the colony has been acquired, and some permanent good to the aborigines and the settlers might have been looked tor." We may add that the Rev. Mr. Kuhn, who waB sent out by the Moravian Board, in Germany, for j the same work, but instead remained on Yorke's j Peninsula, and severed his connection with the j Melbourne and Heme Board in consequence, is ' now superintending the Point Pierce Native Insti 1 tutiou, and has been eminently successful. The I Lake Hope mission has, however, had immense | difficulties to contend against, and it doesseem ; strange that the labour or years should be aban i doned when the language ha- been mastered, the habits and customs of the natives ascertained, and the men themselves have become far better fitted than they were at first for the work before them. The country, too, bids fair to greatly improve in consequence of the late rains after a long and dis tressing drought. The Lutheran missionaries are still remaining at their posts, so that should the Morayiau Brethren be compelled to withdraw, on account mainly, it appears, from want of funds, others are in the Far Noith country, so that the aborigines there will not be entirely deserted. A Vineyard Raid.—A correspondent sends us the following serio-comic caricature:—"A hoax of a rather serious nature was perpetrated on the inhabitants of Glen Osmond on Monday last; 12th instant. It would appear that for several days previous to the above date it had been rumoured that Mr. R. Barr Smith, of Birksgate, had given his gardener permission to make known to the people of the village that it was his intention to give them free gratis the grapes of one of his vineyards, and that they could be.had for the fetching. The consequence was the inhabitants, both old and young—chiefly of the labouring class — betook themselves to the vineyard on Monday. There were no less than 49 of them provided with vessels of every description to convey the grapes to their respective homes. Indeed, it was a lively sight to see the children and adults running in all directions laden with as much as they could carry. This continued from 3 to 5 o'clock in the afternoon, when it appears the gardener, who bad untU then been in another part of the grounds, came near the vine yard, and seeingthe people, made all haste to hurry them at the same time threatening them as thieves with the effects of tbe law. The grape gatherers, as may be supposed, were not a little surprised; and, naturally enough, wanted to know the reason of this sudden chance of conduct on the part of the gentleman who, as they thought, had so kindly given them permission to help themselves to the fruits of the vineyard, but they were told that no such leave had been granted, and that they would most likely have to suffer for their misdeeds. It was no use arguing the point, so they came away, that is to say, the adult por tion did: as for the juveniles, they had not taken long to make tracks when they saw the gardener ordering them off. The affair at the close bore quite a novel appearance. To 6ee the chil dren running in all directions crying and pulling long faces, with their different pans, buckets, baskets, &c.;, empty, while others contrived to stick to the grapes they had gathered, but what with running and falling down had managed to press them into wine, so that the juice ran down their backs, making up altogether a very laughable and noisy turn-out. The affair now bears a very serious aspect, for several who took part have been summoned to appear before Mr. Beddome on Tuesday, but why only a few are sin gled out it is strange to understand, w hatever turn the proceedings at the Court may take, it is to be hoped the person or persons who lias or have been so wickedly disposed as to spread the rumour (if : such be the case), may lie brought to light and get his or their deserts." The above is from Monday's Register. Next day ibe following was published by that paper in addition:—"As regards the raid upon Mr. it. B. Smith's vineyard, to which a correspondent referred in our last, we find that Mr. Smith has been subjected to several previous annoyances by persons shooting over his grounds and breaking a large number of his win dows. The informations were not laid against a select few, as stated by our correspondent, but against all who could be identified, witli the exception of such as had especially apolo gised for their conduct; and we understand that even now, so little is Mr. Smith in clined to proceed to extremities, that it is not improbable that the apologies since made may lead to the proceedings being withdrawn. Mr. Smith appears to have acted with much modera tion under circumstances wliich might have pro- j voked most men to severe acts of retaliation. We | need hardly add that the action taken by him was under the belief that no hoax had really been ' practised upon the people who so unceremoniously , plundered nis vineyard." j Fatal Accident at the Bremer Mine.—On ; Friday, April 16, an accident occurred at the above i mine, which resulted in the death of Thomas j Jeffrey. The deceased had been working at the S3-fatkom level, along with William Moore, and the two were about leaving the eud to come up to the surface. Moore removed their tools back out of the end previous to firing the last blast. De ceased having applied a light to the fuse, was fol lowing liis mate along the end, when he stopped, and calling "It's out," re-entered the end witli a view of lighting the fuse again. Just as he reached the end the hole exploded, throwing him flat on his back. His mate called to him, and receiving no answer went in search of assistance. Dr. Wilson, the mine surgeon, being absent on business, a mes senger was dispatched for Dr. Robertson. of Mount Barker. The sufferer was brought to grass with as little delay as possible, but life was found to be quite extinct. The deceased was a steady indus trious man, and highly respected. He leaves a wife and six children to mourn his loss. A Local Industry.—At the foundry of Messrs James Martin & Co., adjoining our office, the casting of plough-shares has been going on at a rapid pace for the past seven weeks. The opera tion is carried on during three days a week, and the average product is about 450 dozen weekly. On some occasions 200 dozen have been turned out in a single day, and the total made during the present season, is about 37,003, yet they cannot keep pace with the orders they have to execute, nor can they get the shares conveyed away by the rail way.as quickly as they are made. This will give some idea of the extent to which agricultural opera tions are expected to be carried on this season.— Qawler Times. A Prolific Goat.—A goat has recently brought forth five kids at a birth on the farm of Mr. J. Dodd, Hilton. A Convent Case in Belgium.—A convent case is about to come before the Belgium Courts. The facts are thus stated by the Chronique of Louvain: —A nun belonging to one of the best families of the neighbourhood was placed by the Lady Superior in a damp underground cell. She had been several days in confinement when, from the narrow opening by wbich ber prison received a little light from the garden, she succeeded iu attracting tbe attention of a man working there, who consented to procure for her writing materials, and to convey a letter to lier brother-in-law. The latter, on receiviug the com- ! munication, went to the convent and asked to see his sister-in-law, but was informed that she was in religious retirement, and could not be seen. He returned three hours later, accompanied by a Com missary of Police, whom he left outside, and then repeated bis demand. He received a similar reply, but he insisted, and the Superior at length became, evidently embarrassed. He then, opened the door to the police-officer, who compel fed the Directoress to accompany them to the cellars underground, •where-they found not only the lady in question, but also five other nuns confined in the same manner, all of whom took advantage of the Com missary a presence to quit the establishment and return to their friends. The Cm Lamps.— The uniighted lamps throughout the city occupied the attention of the Council on Monday, when serious suggestions were made of offering them for sale, the Mayor having informed the Council that they possessed power to do so. It was intimated that a direct pro position on the subject would be made at the nest meeting. In the meantime we may say that it has come to our knowledge that more than one have had the glasses broken by boys wantonly throwing stones. If the lamps are not to be used it would probably be wise to remove at least those parts which are so liable to damage. The Potosi Mine.—The following report from Mr. Bailey, dated April 17, has beeu received by the Directors of the Potosi Company. The most 'satisfactory part of it is that relating to the dis covery that the lode is considerably wider thau was at firs: supposed" Work at the mine for the last two weeks as follows—The crosscut has been driven 26 feet, wbich will be 123 feet in all. From the appearance of the tunnel we are coming on another lode of ore. The Darton tunnel is iu 31 feet. The road from the Alaiaada to the mine is finished. Theengiue and boiler got up,-and was unloaded all right on Friday, aud we have commenced to clear away for the site of the mill; also to clear away to sink tbe shaft. In breaking away from the tunnel to the side of the bank I fiud the lode shows wider than we had calculated it to be. In driving the tunnel the lode was left on the west side from one to two feet." Damaged Telegraph Poles.—During a recent thunderstorm no less than 12 telegraph poles between Melrose and Anama—most of them split by the electric fluid—had to be replaced by Mr. McKirdy, the Telegraph Stationmaster at Melrose. Cottage Hospitals.—An institution of this kind, which has been found very beneficial at the port of Fowey, in Cornwall, is thus noticed in the Lancet of January 2:—"The beneficial results which have followed the institution of village or cottage hospitals, and the favourable reception and constant use of such hospitals by the poor, have frequently been made the subject of comment in these columns. We a-e not therefore surprised to observe that already cottage hospitals are becom ing too small to meet the increasing demands for admission made by the poor, who find that they are spaicd many vexatious delays, weary journeys, and much unbearable expense by entering them, whilst they obtain speedy relief for their ailments. This is the case at Fowey. The cottage hospital there has been in existence eight years, and is now almost self-supporting. More room is needed, however, and an eligible site has been promised for the erection of a suitable building te cost £300. The plan, we need scarcely say, has our hearty concurrence, aud especially as we learn that the hospital exists not only for agriculturists, but for miners aud afflicted and friendless sailors, some times foreigners, who happen to be brought into the neighbourhood The Governor's Visit to the North.—His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, accompanied by bis Private Secretary and Aid-de-camp, the Hon, Captain Edgcumbe, started from Adelaide by special train on Monday morning, April 19, at half-past 4 o'clock. There wa3 a brief stoppage at Gawler, and lvapunda was reached at C o'clock. His Excellency then set out for Clare en route for Booyoolee, the head-station of Mr. H. B. Hughes. Our telegram mentions the manner of his recep tion at some o- the places passed, and we weie informed that His Excellency arrived at Clare before 12 o'clock. After a short stay he continued his journey, and was likely to reach Booyoolee within 24 nours of his departure. We believe he is likely to remain in the North for a few days. Blenheim Hotel Billiard Saloon.—Mr. A. J. Solomon is about to reopen the Blenheim Hotel Billiard Saloon, which he has had renovated and decorated, and has imported two of Alcock'e tables from Melbourne. J The Governor's Visit to the South-east.— In the hope that His Excellency will consent to attend the Waterloo Coursing Match at Narra coorte, the South-Easterners are setting their wits to work to devise additional sensations. The list comprised before, in addition to the coursing, in spection of the Mosquito Plains caves, grand ball at Narracoorte, levee at Mount Gambier, drawing room if possible, hunting, lake visiting. &c.;, but the spirited folks of Penola wish to add a race meeting there, with a thoroughly "colonial steeplechase." The Border Watch, remarks hat as it is expected that His Excellency Sir James Fergusson will be present the ball is to be got up in first-class style. Mr. M. Connor has taken the management of the matter in hand, and, provided he has sufficient applications for tickets, he will have a large and spacious room built specially for the ball. Sudden Death at Kingston. A sad case of sudden death occurred the other day at Kingston. A young girl—a new arrival in the colony—had been suffering for a fortnight Vrith intermittent fever; but appearing much better rose and pre pared the breakfast. This she had scarcely com pleted when, turning to her mother and saying, "Oh. mnf.llPP T am (rninj f/\ /li'o ' • l«t> Oh, mother, I am going to die,'* she lay down on the bed and immediately expired.—Mount Gambier Standard. The Rev. Oswald Dykes.—Acall is beingsigned iriviting this able young Presbyterian minister, late colleague of Dr. Candlisb, who not loDg since visited these colonies, to accept the charge of the church at East St. Kilda, near Melbourne. The invitation is to be sent by the outgoing mail. The Town of Hooking a.—A special meeting of the South Australian Mining Company is shortly to be held to consider the propriety of authorising the Directors to dispose cf the freehold, saving minerals, of the allotments within the town of Kooringa. The Directors think the present a favourable opportunity, as many of the leases are now falliug in. Sale of Town Pbopebty in Mount Gambier. —It is reported that Mrs. Mitchell, the fortunate owner of a large extent of town land at the Mount, has sold to Mr. Thomas He wtou a block of II acres, situated between the Wesleyan Chapel on the road to Penola, and the Commercial Etour Mills, near the main street, for £1,200. Aljianda Oee.—This morning eleven bars of silver, averaging about ISO ozs. each, and repre senting in all 2,000 oz;., were brought to Adelaide from the Aimanda Mine. The ore from which this quantity has been extracted averaged, we believe, about 25 ozs. to the ton. Delay of the Victorian Overland Mail.— "On Thursday," says the Border Watch, "the inhabitants of Mount Gambier were the victims of another delay in the Victorian mail via Lindsay. The coach from Casterton carried tbc mail-bag for the Mount beyond where it ought to have set it down. A messenger had to be dispatched to over take the coach; his horse knocked up, and the attempt was futile. Meanwhile the Mount Gambier mailman, who was at Lindsay, waited till 10 o'clock, five hours behind time for the mail to meet him there; and there being no sign of it coming, the Postmaster at Lindsay sent him on minus the bag. Mr. Spring had no horse to for ward the mail when it did arrive at Lindsay, so it had to await the return of the Mount Gambier mailman, who was sent by Mr. Marrie to bring it on. It reached here about 7 on Thursday evening, having been delayed about 11 hours. The frequent irregularities iu the Victorian mail are a great inconveuience to business people. Whether caused by neglect of Post-office officials or mail contractors we cannot sty, but stringent measures should be taken by the Melbourne postal authori ties to prevent a recurrence of them." Shouting.—The Melbourne Daily Telegraph thus censures this absurd drinking custom which prevails so extensively there, but quite sufficiently here:—*' Whether total abstinence is to carry the day in Melbourne or not, there is at all events room for an ' Anti-Shouting Society.' The pre sent system of consecrating a business transaction, or a casual meeting with a friend, or the payment of an account by 'having a drink over "it,' is absurd enough; but when, as is often the case, these affairs take place more than once, or even many times a day, the absurdity becomes a tax. which it is most desirable should be Dut a stop to. It is a grievance of no mean order, when a person cannot sit down to table in a cafe or restaurant, or j go to the theatre with a friend at night, but ne is immediately bound to 'shout,' for Kim - but : when the farce is repeated between every act. at ■ every place, and possibly for the benefit of half a dozen ether'friends,' some of them strangers to one another, who may happen to drop across the original pair of friends at the opportune moment A good- natured man may often get rid of the best part of a pound in one evening in this free and easy way, and what makes the custom more a nuisauce still is that there is a class of gentry who are in the habit of watching the approach of Brown towards a counter aud cutting him down just as he has ordered his 'nobbier' or his cup of coffee, in such a dexterous and innocent manner, that the question—'Well, Jones, what will you take?" inevitably follows. Smith perhaps sees what is going on, and, although he does not know Brown, he knows Jones well, so up he comes, and Brown, who is caught in the very act of lifting his glass to his lips, is in common politeness bound to say, ' Will Yrnnr frionrl inin ne9* Kmifh folrao np-oi/Mi-i Will your friend join us?" Smith takes precious good care not to say no, and so Brown spoils half a-crown where he only meant to have in- I vested sixpence. It is abominable, the whole thing. We have known a man have to 'shout' for six or seven at a time in this way; and as we have said, a good-natured man—aud there are a few such left in to .to—may do so more than once in an evening. A Society which should lay a condition upon its members never to 'shout'or ' be shouted for' would confer a great obligation on many scantily-furnished pockets. Let every man be his own butler, or at least pay for his own liquor. Verb, sap."' Glass-Blowing.—M. Fayton, wlio it will be recollected.fin company with others) exhibited the mysteries of glass-blowing in the Town Hall some years ago. is now amusing and edifying the good folks of Mount Gambier by a similar display. The Slums.—Apropos of some of the speeches at the Female liefuge meeting, the subjoined ex tract from the Melbourne Telegraph, though re ferring to that city, has its parallel in this "village —"The city is eruptive with taverns, dancing saloons, and nighthouses, and the number of drunkards, idiots, and prostitutes daily increases. Magistrates, police officers, and chaplains give as their opinion the saloons and dancing- halls are aids to the debauching of young girls anil women; and the liquor sold in many of these houses is found to be of an inferior and noxious de scription. We recommend that the sugges tions made by the aboriive Commission on this subject be brought again before the House; that their propositions for the separate licensing of "hotels' and ' taverns,'the repression of public- houses in obscure neighbourhoods, the early closing of all tap-rooms, and the strict en forcement of the easily-evaded clause aneDt 'tra vellers' accommodation,' be carefully and impar tially considered; and that the granting of licences be confined strictly to Stipendiary Magistrates. Until this, and not less than this, is accomplished, we can never hope to free ourselves from the curse winch is sapping the foundation of our national prosperity, which is filliug our gaols with criminals and our asylums with idiots, and which, while it enriches a few unscrupulous publicans, is fast making the very name of our city a reproach among the nations." Country Produce Markets.—Following in the wake of the establishment of the East End and Central Markets in Adelaide, the desirability for the convenience of producers and consumers of establishing a weekly market is being discussed at Kapunda and Mount Gambier. There is ample room at both these towns and a few others for such an institution. Stow Memorial Church.—The anniversary services in connection with the Stow Memorial Church were held on Sunday, April IS, the Lev. C. Manthorpe officiating morning and evening. There was a crowded congregation in the morning, when Mr. Manthorpe discoursed from Pliillippians, i., 27, 28. There was also a good attendance in the evening, when the rev. gentleman chose as his text Acts, xxvi., 3S. Sale of Seed Wheat, &c.; — At Messrs. Paltridge & Cornelius's monthly sale on Thursday last, reports the Southern Argus, 703 bushels of v. heat were sold, the prices realized being 7s. fid. per bushel for wheat grown by Mr. Allan Bell from Mount Gambier seed, aud 8s. Gd. per bushel for the seed imported from Mount Gambier by Mr. W. Dunn. A good many head of cattfe were sold at fair prices, and 150 slieep were knocked down at 5s. each. Bell's Life in Adelaide.—The scheme for starting BcWs IAfe in Adelaide has been abandoned for the present The Salt Company.—In addition to the collec tion of salt for curing and domestic purposes, some of the lagoons on the Peninsula have been used for crystallizing, some beautiful specimens of which, have been obtained in every conceivable shape. On the last return of the Omeo several cases were brought over costaming a lot for dis tribution at the Port. Some rams' heads were the most admired, the curling horns giving best scope to the fantastic crystalTzation, while the pink hue which characterized the groundwork very much heightened their beauty. It is said that anv hard surface inirnedi.itely becomes covered with the salt; hence the attempt was made to produce baskets and other articles in wirework. with very creditable success. Hospital Cases.—John Sewell, the old man who was so seriously hurt through falling into the Second Creek on Thursday week, died from the eflects of the injures received at the Hospital on Monday evening, April 19. J. H. Scott, who attempted to poison himself on Friday, was on Monday evening suffering severely irova. delirium tremens, and was so violent that be had to be placed in a separate room, and some police-con stables had tc be sent for to manage him. The jockey Gibson and the boy Kendell were pro gressing favourably. Accident on the Ragecoubse. —On Friday, during the Hack Hurdles, a somewhat serious accident happened to Stewart Gibson, the rider of Mr. Francis's Jim. In taking the second fence, his horse tripped and fell, and immediately after wards a second horse fell upon turn. The result was that he sustained a fracture of the arm, besides having his head slightly bruised. The pain caused by the injuries was intense; but the suffeier was without delay conveyed to -the Hospital by Air. Roltenius, after having his arm roughly splintered 60 as to ease the broken part. He is reported since as progressing welL The Industbies of Tasmania.—Mr. Calder, the Surveyor-General of Tasmania, has compiled a full and interesting description of Tasmanian Industries, copies of which we have to acknowledge, and will report upon in due course. Victorian Telegraphic Retrenchment.— Twenty telegraphic operatives on tue Victorian staff of the first class have received notice of their reduction to a class lower, so that a large amount of aggregate salary savings may be realized in the department. Amongst those thus shorn is Mr. Stapleton, the respected and efficient manager of the Victorian branch of the Mount Gambier office, who has been ten years iu the service. It is re ported that he purposes to resign, under the pro visions of the Civil Service Act, rather than accept the reduction. The notice received was dated one week prior to the time from which the reduced salary would be payable, so that certainly little space for reflection was permitted. Geographical.—The local Standard thus refers to what must certainly be a valuable document with a vengeance.—"According to a return issued from the Police Commissioners Office, Adelaide, there has been an adjustment of distances in the South-East, by which Penola and Karracoorte have been made an equal distance from Adelaide, the 30 miles having been * written off.' The dis tance betw. e 1 Mount Gambier ami Mosquito Plains has been reduced to five miles, and that between Mount Gambier and MacDoanell Bay increased to 25 miles. The Local Road. Board should at once correct its surveys and look to its contracts." A Slight Earthquake. — The town of Kapunda has had a slight shock of its own, though many residents and the local Press did not know of the visitation. The latter Bays:— "On Monday afternoon, at lialf-past 3, a shock of earthquake was distinctly felt by a number of persons in Kapunda. Some of the ladies of the Baptist congregation were working in the lower schoolroom and felt the shock distinctly, and in some of the houses near the railway its effects were said to be audible in the shape of crockery, windows, &c.;, shaking And we learn that some of the miners who were employed at the time fifty fathoms below the surface also experienced the sensation of a very peculiar shock." Wine Agencies.—A short time ago Mr. H. Knight, of MacDonneli Bay, who acts as agent for Mr. T. Hardy, of Bankside Vineyard, was fined by the Local Couit for selling wine without his holding a licence. The defence offered there was that Mr. Knight was simply a servant of Mr. Hardy, and therefore could dispense wiih the formality and expense of obtaining this permit. A line was, however, levied and paid; but the question being locally considered to require further clearing up. Mr. T. G. Williams corresponded with the Treasurer's Department. The object being oue of interest to vignerons and wine dealers. we append the reply received from the Under Treasurer, dated April 7:—"in reply to your letter of the 22nd February, 1869\. respecting a fine inflicted on Henry Knight, for selling colonial wine without a licence, as agent for Mr. T. llardy, and asking for information generally as to the power of winegrowers to appoint agents for the sale of their wine—such ; agents not holding a licence for the sale of colonial wine — I am now directed by the Hon. the Treasurer to state that, although the Licensed Victuallers Amendment Act, Ko. 22 of 1865-6, clause 10, permits the sale of not less than one ■ gallon of wine by the occupier of a vineyard, or his servants, nothing is said of any sale by ' agents,' who ought therefore, no doubt, to have licences. Attention is being directed to this matter." Mobowie Mine, Franklin Harbour.—The local correspondent of the Wallaroo Times remarks in his latest letter that " The Morowie Mine is too young to speculate upon. Apropos, the I Morowie Mine is quite close to the old mine which was worked at a few years ago, and named the Ritailie." j Congress of Australian Roman Catholic Bishops.—The great meeting of the Catholic Bishops in Australia, to prepare for the CEcumenical Council to be held at Rome on the feast of the Immaculate Conception in December witl be opened on Sunday next, at St. Patrick's Cathedral, with the proper religious ceremony for the occa sion. It is stated that the discussion will be held with closed doors; but the ceremonies will be opened to the public. The Bishops present will be His Grace Archbishop Polding, of Sydney; the Right Rev. Dr. Goold Catholic Bishop of Mel bourne; the Right Rev. Dr. Quinu, Catholic Bishop of Bathurst; the Right Rev. Dr Quinn, Catholic Bishop of Brisbane; the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Catholic Bishop of Maitlaud; the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Catholic Bishop of Coulburn; the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Catholic Bishop of Hobart Town; and the Right Rev. Dr. ShieL Catholic Bishop of Adelaide. It is expected that at the great Council at Rome about 606 Bishops will meet.—Melbourne Telearavk. Business at Katunda.—The Herald reports that "business continues rather quiet in Kapunda; but we are glad to say that that which is being transacted appears to be chiefly for casli, which is a very healthy sign. It is not expected that this will be a very brisk winter for trade, but still we i have no doubt business will be better than was at ! one time anticipated." Fiji.—We lAraus) understand that the private advices received by the Polynesia Company are very encouraging as to their proposed business operations, and it is expected that a steamer will be laid on directly to proceed to the islands from his port. The Springbok is advertised to leave Melbourne direct to Fiji on the 5th proximo. Several excursionists purpose visiting the islands during the present season, both from these colonies and JNrew Zealand. They will doubtless so time their departure as to arrive in Fiji before the Duke of Edinburgh, who is expected to reach Ovalau from Auckland towards the end of May. Kapcnda and Light Agricultural Society. —The annual meeting of the Kapunda and Light Agricultural Society was held at Crase's Hotel on Saturday last. There was a very good attendance, and we (Kapmvda Herald) were pleased to see the interest displayed on this occasion, which we trust may be the presage of a more prosperous career for the Society in the future than that which has attended its existence during the past two years. Mr. H. T. Morris, of Anlabv, was re-elected President. Messrs. Shannon, Raukine. and W. Havel were elected Vice-Presidents. Mr. T. Dueil was re-elected Secretary, and Mr. W. Lewis, M.P., Treasurer. Messrs. Varley, S.M., O'Loughlin, Wheare, J. Harvey, Scandrett, W. Keiley, Farrow | William Trevena, Henderson, J. P. Moyle, | Cameron, "Rev. T. J. Smyth, J. Ford, Adamson, j Peterson, H. Kelly, McNamara, Oarpy, Mullen, J. i N. Smith, J. A. Bruce, Joseph Bell, Elliott, K. Palmer, A. Palmer, Osborne, and Jeffs were ap pointed the Committee. Messrs. W. Jeffs and J. Elliott were re-elected Auditors. Wesleyan Soiree.—The annual soiree in con- I nection with the Adelaide Wesleyan Mufu J Ini provement Association took place in the Pirie street .Lecture Hall on Friday evening, April 16. Through the unfavourable slate of the weather the attendance was not so large as was expected. The Bev. W. L. Binks, the new President of the Society and Chairman of the District, occupied the chair. Tlie programme comprised a couple of addresses by ministerial office-bearers, musical selections by an efficient choir, and recitations. As an interlude, refreshments in the shape of tea and substantialities were dispensed to the com pany. The Chairman, in delivering his inaugural address as the new President of the Association, remarked that for some considerable time before he became intimately acquainted with it he had heard of its success, and the valuable assistance it had rendered on various occasions in support of benevolent objects. He had been in the Aus tralian Colonics 14 years, anil had been con nected with similar Associations before. He had been associated for several years with one of the largest in Melbourne, and he knew that there was a great number of young men who had expressed their deep indebted ness to the Society witli which they had been con nected. To make these associations successrul and advantageous to young men they must be con ducted in the true spirit of Christianity, and none could be truly beneficial unless there was depen dence iu the Divine Creator. He had no sym pathy for Societies which excluded the religious element. He was glad to find that that Association encouraged religious tendencies, and by beginning their meetings with prayer, and by fostering a cer tain amount of discussion upon theological subjects, evinced their recognition of the Divine Being. There was a tendency in all Associations to wear themselves out, and to counteract this they required energetic members and a good secretary. He was glad iliat the Association possessed both theEe requisites. As J-fed by the Ecvs. Knight and Wittington he would promote the interests of the Society as much as possible. Three great boons were provided for young men by an Association of thi6 kind. Jn the first place it originated and developed a tendency to read extensively, thereby furnishing fond for thought. Secondly, it encouraged them to write e-says, and begot a habit of making them commit their thoughts to paper—a practice the advantages of which could not beo enated. In the last place it trained them for public speaking. In conclusion he wished the Association "Godspeed." (Cheers.) Kecitations were very well rendered by the Secre tary (Mr. J. McMi Liu) and Messrs._ A. Scott and J. Hay. Selections of sacred music were given by the choir. Towards the close the Kev. S. Knight delivered an eloquent and humorous address, iu which he skilfully elaborated the benefits derivable from the cultivation of conversa tional powers when directed to useful and Christian ends. The proceedings, which were enlivened by shocking experiments with a galvanic battery, closed after a pleasant evening had been spent I with the customary votes of thanks. Coppeb-Miking Notes.—At the Hamley Mine there is at the present time very little doing. The men are at work oh what looks like a strong lode, but it is not supposed to be a continuation of Han cock's lode on the Moonta property.—The Wheal Hughes Company continues to raise ore of an excellent quality at Cowling's Shaft. A shaft is being sunk in a continuation of Hancock's lode from the Moonta. It is found to be four feet big, composed of iron, quartz, aud steatite.—The Foona Mine is looking much better than it was. Some good stones of ore being raised at the 20-fathom level of No. 2 Shaft, and a nice pile of ore will be ready to be sent off next week. There is some nice ore at No. 1 Shaft, and the opinion of the Captain is that at a greater depth valuable results may be expected.—Wallaroo Times, April 17. Testimonial.—A few of the most influential merchants and others interested in the maritime ! of Port Adelaide have arranged for the presenta- i tion to Captain Douglas of a very flattering testi monial in appreciation or bis valuable services while connected with the Marine Board ©f the province. Casualty Hospital fob "Wallaboo. — The local press has the subjoined reference to the Marine Board's action in objecting to the use of the Sub-collector's residence at Wallaroo for a Casualty Hospital, regarding which further con sideration was deferred until after the visit of the President to Port Wallaroo:—" We may point out that with their usual aptitude for blundering, the Government officials have confused the two ideas of the Sub-coliect-or of Customs and the Sub collector's residence. No one, except the Marine ' Board, ever dreamt of anything half so absurd as turning the Sub-collector's residence into a Casualty Hospital What has been suggested is that the Sub-collector of Customs should reside at the Sub collector's residence, and that if he did so, the then empty Harbour-Master's residence, a most com modious building, should be used as an HospiiaL As the matter now stands, a really capital residence is untenanted, whilst an Hospital is urgently required./ Tee Wallaroo Coal Heap.—The Times says: —"The coal heap for the supply of the Smelting Works at Wallaroo is estimated to contain about 10,000 tons at the present time. But there are about eight large vessels in port, either discharging or ready to discharge cargo, which would swell the tonnage of the heap considerably. Other vessels chartered or belonging to the Black Diamond Line are expected very shortly, consequently the pert will present a lively appearance for some titne to come. The vessels discharge cargo during the whole of both the night and day. SOJOURNING IN THE WILDERNESS —TllUS Writes the Mount Gambler Standard:— "To a clever man there are endless resources and contrivances open enabling liiui to elude the vigilance of his creditors. A farmer in difficulties has a number of bills coming due on a certain day; his imple ments and machinery are sold; and a creditor holds a bill of sale on cattle and goods. The farmer, shortly before the time when he knows the bills will mature, and his creditors will make a clean sweep of his effects, starts on a journey, not over the Border, but actually further into the colony. His wife follows with the household gods, and his well-trained son takes up a distinct trail with the cattle. The ordinary crossing-places into Victoria are watched in vain—the farmer is not so bungUr-g in his plans. He makes a wide detour, bides away in the bush for a little time, and then quietly watches iiis opportunity to steal over, and reach the rendezvous agreed upon beforehand, where there is to be a nice little family reunion, aud a gathering together of the effects saved from the clutches of the Philistines. A little episode like this is, it is said, transpiring just now." And, under the heading "Caught,'' the Border Watch adds—"The gentleman whom our contemporary represents as cleverly 'sojourning in the wilder ness' took up his abode yesterday in Her Majesty's Gaol. He paid the Mount Gambier Hotel a v:sit to have a ' uip,' and was ruthlessly seized by the trooper who has been for some days on his trail." Truly " levanting" appears to have become quite an institution ia the "garden of the colony." A Comical Elopement.—'The BaUxrat Even ing Mail tells the following story" It would ap that a needy, calf-brained fortune-hunter, rejoicing in the possession of a very aristocratic name, and even more aristocratic connections, but whose finances were at the lowest ebb, and iwhose for tunes had apparently arrived at the lowest stage of descendancy, has, for several months past, been paying his addresses to a spirited and accomplished young lady, who, for the mere love of fun which could be derived from his eccentricities and absur dities, pretended a feeling of reciprocity in this matter of the affections, and thus lured her victim to a declaration of his passion, aud the solicitation of her hand in marriage. So far so good. The young lady consented, and referred him to 'papa,' with whose assistance, however, the little minx had previously hatched as cunning a plot for the complete discomfiture of a fellow-creature as we ever remember to have heard of being successfully developed, either here or elsewhere. The arrange ment was that upon being applied to, 'papa' should indignantly refuse to accede to the request of the ardent swain, who had of course begun to i congratulate himself on having secured the hand and fortune (a much more particular item) of the blooming lassie. The young lady's brother was then to interpose and suggest an elopement. This of cjurse met with the approbation of our aristocratic frieud, inasmuch as the fortune of his intended was secured to her unconditionally. All preliminaries being complete, it was arranged that Augustus should have a carriage in waiting at the head of Sturt-street at 9 o'clock in the evening of Thursday last (All Fool's Day), and that Arinaryllis Ange lina should meet and accompany him to the resi dence of a clergyman, who would unite them in the holy bonds of matrimony. Ail went smoothly enough until the ceremony had been performed, and the gushing young couple adjourned to another room to partake of refreshments. The bride had hitherto been deeply veiled, but now several friends of both parties were desirous of ob- j tabling the precious ' first kiss.' The veil was | removed, and discoved to the gaze of at least one j thunder-struck spectator the lovely face of—no, not Amaryllis Angelina, but her brother. The dis comfiture of tne bridegroom when he discovered how completely be had been sold is a thing to be imagined, not described. We are not at liberty to mention names, but 'papa' is a wealthy gentle man well-known in mining circles, and lives within fifty miles of Lake Wendouree. The young lady is an established favourite in the highest circles of society in Ballarat, and the brother is a well-known 'lady-killer.' Monument to the Late Sir D. Daly.—A meeting of the Committee and office-bearers of the j Society of Arts was held at the Institute on Satur day, April 17, to consider the desirability of initi ating a movement for the purpose of raising a subscription to supplement the sum voted by Par liament for a monument to the late Governor. His Excellency Sir James Fergusson presided. The Hon. Secretary, Mr. A Abrahams, explained that the meeting was simply a preliminary one. He understood the Government were desirous that a suitable monument should be erected in the city, with the concurrence of the Corporation, and Victoria-square had been suggested for a site. It was found, however, that the sum voted was insufficient to erect a monument of a character that would harmonize with so prominent a situation, and as the Committee of the Society were anxious not only to do honour to the memory of one who had always taken an interest in its welfare, but also to secure the erection of a truly artistic design, that meeting had been convened. After some discussion it was determined to invite the co-operation of all who took an interest in the subject, and endeavour to raise a sufficient amount to supplement the sum voted by Parliament, so that a design suitable to the object as well as to tlie city might be secured. It was further sug gested that no subscriptions should be called for unless the amount promised should be sufficient for the accomplishment of a worthy design. A Sub committee was appointed to wait on the Go vernment to secure their sanction and co-operation in the proposal, and if their reply should be favour able steps will at once be taken to bring the matter formally before the public. The Female Refuge Meeting. — The annual meeting of the supporters of the South Australian Female Refuge for the recovery of fallen women was held in the Pulteney-street Schoolroom, on Saturday evening, April 17. His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, Bart., presided. There was a tolerable attendance, the inconvenience of the evening perhaps preventing some from attending. A report of the proceedings for the past year was read, which was considered on the whole satis factory. Addresses were delivered by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Mr. P. Santo, M. P., the ltev. W. L. Binks, and several other ministers and gentlemen. Amenities cf Theatricals.—On last Thursday evening, after the performances of "Hamlet" by Mr. Eliot Yorke at the Prince of Wales' Opera House, His Royal Highness, as is his wont when he honours theatrical entertainments with his presence, proceeded behind the scenes to compli ment those artistes engaged who have attracted his particular notice. Especially delighted with the vocal performances of the charming Misses Carandini, the Duke was pleased to attach his autograph to some large photographs of himself that were presented to him for that purpose, as a memento of tlie high appreciation in which he held the musical attainments of those young ladies. These photographs were taken charge of by Mr. Walter Sht-rsvin (Madame Carandini's j agent), and left by him upon a table in one of the ! moms cf the theatre, he being at tbe time engaeed. i He returned for them in a very few minutes after- j wards, when to his great annoyance and chagrin j they were nonest inventus. Of course they have not since "turned up,"' and probably they will be exhibited by some "star" for whom they were not ( intended, upon a future day, with great triumph.— ! Sydney Bell. \ Fire at Kafunda.—The local Press states that ' "Mr. Stobie's business premises had a narrow j escape from fire on Saturday evening, one of the I lamps having fallen, broke, ami the kerosine took i fire, when in a minute the whole window was enveloped in flames, rite papers on the shelves 1 having taken fire. Prompt measures were taken \ to extinguish the flames, and in the course of j another minute or so the danger wa3 averted, i though for a moment it seemed as though the fire ! would gain the mastery.". i Volunteer Artillery.—The members of the Fort Battery Artillery volunteers, under the com mand of Captain Quin, assembled at the Gunshed on Saturday afternoon, April 17, for inspection. The roll was called punctually at 3 o'clock, and 42 members answered to their names, the total number on the roll being about 55. The battery was then put to standing-gun drill, and the forma tion of fours, and the manner in which the various movements were executed proved that notwith standing the length of time that has elapsed since the battery was mustered, the instruction imparted by Sergeant-Major McBride had not been for gotten. The band played a number of airs during the afternoon, and the progress made by its members was worthy of notice, as reflecting credit on the members as well as their indefatigable Band-Master, Drum-Major Lolly white. The gallant Colonel, accompanied by Lieut.-Colonel Matthews, arrived at the Fort by the 4 o'clock train, when the Battery was formed into open column for in spection. At its conclusion Colonel VVarburton expressed Ins gratification at seeing so good a muster, and the general order of the uniforms. He said he understood they had almost all been nearly three jears in the force, and he trusted they would continue in it for a further term. The artillery was the most honourable branch of the service, and it would be a pity, after taking so much trouble ! to make themselves proficient, if they were to j resign. After some further remarks the Colonel j retired, returning to town by the 4.30 train. The | guns having been returned to the sheds, Capt. Quin j addressed the Battery,stating that that was probably ! the last occasion he should be present with them as their commanding officer. He thanked the : members for the kindness he had always met with, and trusted his successor might' give more satisfaction than he had, since he had been accused of giving orders incorrectly. If he had at times spoken angrily they knew that it was on the spur of the moment, and that he thought no more of the matter afterwards. The battery was then dis missed, when three cheers were given for Captain Quin. The Football Club.—On Saturday afternoon, April 17, the opening match of the South Austra lian Football Club was played on the North Park Lands between the South (blue) andNorth(pink) for colours. There was a good muster, 17 on each side, the North being under the captaincy of Mr. JL Y. Sparks, and the South under that of Mr. A. li. Malcolm. The game commenced about 3 o'clock, the Blues having the kick ofi". After about two hours' play the first goal was reached by Mr. B. Murray (pink), and a few minutes after Air. W. Taylor (blue) obtained one for his side. After some further play, no other goals being won, the match was declared drawn. In spite of the threatening weather in the morning, the afternoon turned out very line, and attracted a considerable number of spectators to witness the match. The Concordia Band was on the ground, and enlivened the proceedings by discoursing pleasant music. Spobts at the Poet.—Mr. Bucknali's efforts for the encouragement of aquatic and other sports at the Port have met with very fair success, and on Saturday afternoon there was a good attendance notwithstanding the races. A pair-oared challenge pulling'match and a foot race were advertised; the former, however, did not take place, owing to the unavoidable absence of one of the parlies. The foot race was also a walk over, only one of the competitors coming to the post. There was a capital match at quoits, which was played in heats and resulted in favour of Messrs. Malliphant and Leich. The formation of a Quoit Club is in con templation. The Post Bridge.—Our Shipping Beporter writes;—"The representations made with regard to the insecurity of this structure induced a special inspection of the timber to be made, which resulted in favour of the eucalyptus employed, but was most condemnatory of the stringybark bond timbers. The piles were for the most part brought to the Port from the Eiver Mersey in the brig Lochinvar (at that time in charge of Mr. Pilot Barret), who describes the cargo as consisting principally of sawn and hewn logs, 16 by 16, with smaller scantling suitable for haudrails or posts. But it appears that instead of gum being employed for bond timbers, stringybark was selected, and this has had the effect of shaking the whole fabric. In several places the ravages of the worm have so completely destroyed the diagonals, that the connection is entirely lost; hence, while the main supports of the roadway are in an admirable state of preservation, the loss of the stringybark has injured the bridge to such an extent that fresh timbers must be at once inserted. Judging from appearances, the Board intend prosecuting the work without delay. The result of the experiment is most vexatious, seeing that the bridge, if con structed entirely of gum, would in all probability have stood with credit for very many years, instead of which a considerable outlay will be needed to make it safe for traffic." Machinery for the Potosi Silver Mine.— No time has been lost by the Directors in giving effect to the determination of the meeting of shareholders to erect the requisite crushing and separating machinery at once. The engine and boiler were conveyed on Thursday by Darton and Co.'s teams to the mine. On reaching the Al inanda a delay of several hours occurred, the road round the side of the hill being so steep and difficult that some cutting was absolutely necessary { before the wagonscouldpass,and even then thetrack j was none of the best. The foundations are nearly completed, and Mr. Bailey, the Manager, will at once proceed to erect the engine and other machinery, by which time the pans and separators 1,tt Mr mill J-l: -_.J T. manufactured by Mr. Jones will be delivered. It is fully expected that in a few weeks the machinery ! at the mine will be at work. The Sunday-School Picnic Accibent.—We have received and published from our corre spondents several paragraphs respecting the recent sad accident, but the Southern Argus contains the appended fuller details. It says:—"A most heart rending accident occurred on Monday near Wood chester, by which ten or twelve children were j suddenly thrown from a state of health into one of pain and suffering. A picnic was held at Woodchester on the anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Chapel, and the children attending the surrounding schools had been invited, and were to have been on the ground at 1L. The Langhorne's Creek School, numbering 23 girls and boys, arrived in safety to within a mile of Woodchester, and were commencing the descent of a rather steep M«T.a?.n'e Pllll incline, known as McLean's Hill, when, as the driver was about to apply the break, the two horses started off in a trot, aud tfie driver unfortunately slipped down between the shafts and the horses' lieels. H.e recovered himself, aud succeeded in pulling up the horses, which li3d by this time got into a gallop. Just at this time a flock of sheep crossed the road, and one of the hoises shied and fell, while the other swerved and locked the wagon, which was consequently capsized, and its living freight scattered about the road aud under the vehicle in the utmost confusion. The scene, as described by an eye-witness, was most heartrending—numbers of children were lying about in all directions cut and bleeding, while others were wandering about iu a state of unconsciousness, with blood streaming down their faces and their hair matted with blood; aud in consequence of the number of persons who had congregated there, the excitement occasioned by the sad att'air was most intense. The sufferers were conveyed to the house of Mr. Berry Smith, who with great kindness placed three rooms at their disposal. In the meantime both the medical gentlemen of Strathaibyn were sent for, and it is a noteworthy fact that within half an hour afterwards Or. Blue was in attendance—a distance of 12 miles from his residence. Dr. Ferguson was unfortunately at Milang, and couid not therefore attend. The children having had tlieir wounds attended to by Dr. Blue, whose care and attention gave great satisfaction, were conveyed to their respective homes in beds placed in spring-carts. Amongst those who sustained more serious injuries were three ofjMr. Stanton's and three of Mrs. J ohnston's, one of whom (a girl) had her arm broken. A number of others were more or less injured, many receiving severe bruises about the head and face. From what we could learn ou Thursday tliey were all progressing very favourably towards recovery with one exception—a daughter of Mr. Stanton, who had been very severely injured, and grave doubts were entertained 011 Thursday as to lier ultimate recovery. We have been specially re quested to refer to the conduct of a man named Peuuick. who it is stated came up as soon as the accident occurred, and violently abused every one connected with the picnic as being the cause of the sad affair. We are given to understand that no blame is attachable to any person, for when the wagon became locked as it did it was impossible to prevent the vehicle capsizing." Fbanklin Habboub.—Id a communication of April 3, the Wallaroo papers chronicle that the copious rainfall which favoured other localities visited that district, and adds "vegetation is springing rapidly, and in some spots more favour able than others, it is beginning to look green and cheering. It is to be hoped that no unfavourable weather wiil set in to mar the good effects that such a fine and seasonable rain as this will have upon the country." Accident at the Butts.—On Sunday afternoon, April 18. a young lad, Henry Kendell, aged about 11 years, met with an accident at the ltfle Butts, South Park Lands. It appears that he was sup- j posed by his parents to have gone to Sunday school; but instead of doing so he went with several other boys to play on the Park Lands. There they got on to one of the iron targets, which overbalanced with their weight, faliingon Kendell's left lesr, breaking the thigh. He was taken to the Hospital, where he is getting on as well as possible. Useful Flagstone.—A new merit has been discovered (says the Argus) in the Castlemaine flagging-stone, which will bring it into general use for a novel purpose. It appears that when quite new, while it has still what is called the " quarry sap" in it, the stone is capable of being bent to some extent, and this renders it valuable as a rest for the ends of beams and girders that have heavy loads to sustain, inasmuch as it diminishes the danger of unequal pressure arising through the shrinking or subsidence of the materials of the walls or piers on which they depend for then support. Slabs of the flagstone will be placed on the tops of the pillars that have to carry the heavy iron girders spanning the large apartment of the new Town Kail, and they are now being got ready ; for their places. It is only a few days since we I reported that the Castlemaine flagstone was first polished and formed into ornamental table-tops. Released Prisoners.—Bis Excellency Sir Jas. Fergusson has ordered the release from the Dry Creek Labour Prison of two prisoners to whom his attention was called by the Comptroller of Con- ! victs on the occasion of His Excellency's recent i visit. One of these, named Webber, was sentenced to four years' imprisonment for larceny, and has j served his time, less four months. He recently met with an accident in the quarries, by which his leg was broken, and the Governor directed his removal to the Hospital. ~ The other prisoner was kna -.vn as Old Man Archie, and his offence was sheep-stealing. Adelaide Philharmonic Society.—The pro moters of this long required Association have succeeded in forming a Musical Society with ' encouraging prospects of success. We have already announced in the Observer that the Bight Hon. Sir James Fergusson. Bart., has accepted the office of Patron, and we can now add that the following gentlemen have consented to fill the various posts named;—President, Hon. Henry Ayers; Vice-President, Dr. Whittell; Conductor, Mr. E. Spiller; leader, Mr. B. B. White, organist, Mr. J. Shakespeare; Hon. Secretary, Mr. W. EL BurrelL Monday's papers will convene a general meeting, and the first rehearsal will t3ke place at once. The list of choruses for rehearsal is a very choice one. It is expected that the orchestra will number from 50 to 6 > vocal and instrumental performers, and we see good ground for congratulating our musical friends upon the promptness with which the Society has been launched after the proposal to establish it had been mooted. We wish the organization every success. The Fibe at Government Fabm.—The rain which fell on Friday fortunately had the effect of extinguishing the fire on the Government Farm. It is estimated that nearly a square mile of grass was consumed, besides a large quantity of timber. Between 20 and 30 chains of fencing were destroyed, in addition to the divisional fence adjoining Government Cottage. It approached the cottage within about 160 yards, and if it had not been for the providential fall of rain the fire would most probably have spread over a very large tract of country, because although the troopers and a considerable number of woodsphtters and others were up the whole of Thursday night they were powerless in their efforts to check the flames. It is thought to be the work of incendiaries. A fact that strengthens this suspicion is the circumstance that the fire broke out in different parts of the Farm simultaneously, j A Wageb.—Some interest was excited at the Hamburg Hotel, Bundle-street, and its environs on Saturday morning, April 17, by a match for £5 aside that had been arranged between Messrs. Robert James Stuckey, of Umberatana, and living temporarily at Goodwood, and S. Ferry, of Wood side, the conditions of the wager being as to who owned the best-matched pair of carriage-horses. Mr. Stuckey exhibited a very beautiful pair of stanch chesnut cobs, whilst Mr. Ferry produced a pair of iron-greys. The bystanders, a large group of whom had assembled to witness this novel dis play. were divided in opinion as to which pair deserved the palm of merit. Although excellently matched in colour and contour and possessing mettle, the greys were thought to be inferior to the cobs, whose capabilities for endurance and woik i were unexceptionable. The wager was left to the decision of two or three acknowledged judges of I horse-flesh, and resulted in favour of Mr. Stuckey, to whom the stakes were accordingly handed over. The Permissive Bill and Sunday Closing.— i From the April number of the Temperance Herald, duly sent to us, we extract the subjoined para graph:—"The Sunday Closing and Permissive Bill S Committee took steps to ascertain the views of the several candidates, and communicate to the friends in the various districts, as far as time permitted them, the result of those enquiries. Of the suc cessful candidates, the following gave favourable repliesMessrs. J. Baker, J. Dunn, T. English, and A. B. Murray. Mr. J. H. Barrow's reply was friendly, but not_ regarded as favourable. Mr. A. Stow was considered unfavourable; while from Mr. Milne no reply was received." Theatrical Portraits.—We have been shown a very creditable set of cartes of all the members . of the company now performing at the Theatre | Eoyal. It is taken by Messrs. Bartitzch & Co., Bundle-street, and may be seen in their window, together with several single cartes, representing | individual members of the company in various characters. Mr. W. Duffield's Return.—The Bunyip gives the following account of Mr. Duffield's re ception at Gawler-'on the mail day:—"It became generally known that Mr. DufSeld would arrive in Gawler by the midday train, and a considerable number assembled to greet and welcome him. Flags were flying at all the principal places around the Railway Station, and at some places in Gawler | in honour of his return. When he stepped out of [ the train, looking more vigorous and healthy than ever, the platform of the station was' crowded, and warm indeed was the reception he met with, the crowd winding it up . with three hearty cheers. A carriage was awaiting | to convey him to his residence. On his arrival at the entrance to his own property his employes had ! assembled to welcome and present him with an ' address. A triumphal arch of evergreens was erected over the gateway, with the word ' Wel come,' iu large flowery letters pendant over head, and a variety of flags floated gaily over the whole. A platform was also erected, and after alighting from the carriage, and shaking hands with the many who crowded round him, Mr. Duffield stepped upon the platform, from which Mr. Malcolm spoke as follows:— Mr. Duffield, and Gentlemen—I am here to do honour to one who is in every way worthy of honour, and I have, Sir, to congratulate you on your return in good health and strength to your family, to Gawler, and to your employes. We hope. Sir, that you may be long spared to enjoy many happy years with your family. On behalf of my fel ow-workmen I am instructed to present this addre: s to you, which I will now read :— " With unfeigned pleasure we, your employes, take this opportunity to congratulate you ou your safe return to your adopted country, after an absence of eight months, during which time you have visited your native land and friends. We hope vour health has benefited by the change. " We deeply regret and deplore the loss you have sustained in the destruction by fire of the new Victoria Mills, as we are well aware of the lively interest you took in that noble structure, sparing neither expense nor time to make it com nW.f> And wnrt.hr thp nnlnnv. " We trust you may be loug spared to exercise the ability and integrity that you possess in so high a 1 degree, and which are so essential to acommeicial mau. We doubt not but your knowledge cf things in general has been increased by your stay in the old country, wihch will result iu good to yourself and the colony, politically and com mercially. "Accept, Sir, this assurance of our hearty sym pathies and sincere good wishes. "On behalf of the employes, "We are, Sir, " very sincerely yours, " William Malcolm. "Edward Churchman. "D. Jos LING. "J. Smith. "J. J. Gordon. "Edward Lane." Mr Malcolm then handed the address, engrossed on parchment, to Mr. Duffield, who replied:— Mr. Malcolm and Gentlemen—1 thank you sin cerely for the kind address with which you have presented me on my return to the colony. If I had been aware of the contents of it, I might have been better prepared to reply to the good wishes and sympathetic expressions it contains, but as I was previously unacquainted with its nature, I can only say that it is with great pleasure and satisfac tion I receive it, and I thank you sincerely for your kind wishes for my welfare. I may say that while in England I enjoyed perfect health, and I hope it may give me renewed energy and vigour to enter upon the duties that await me now on my return. With regard to the losses to which you refer, they do not cast me down, it lias been my lot in the course of my life to meet with many losses of one kind or another, and I trust to meet my last and most recent ones with the same spirit as I have done those in the past. (Cheers.) 1 trust also this may not be an unmixed evil, hut prove a stimulus to exertion and fresh endeavours. Of course I am not at once prepared to say what course I may take in re pairing the losses which I have suffered. That must be left to more mature reflection. I again return you my sincere thanks for your cordial re ception of me, and trust you may enjoy prosperity and happiness. Three hearty cheers were then given for Mr. Duffield, who could not have been otherwise than affected at such a demonstration of pleasure at his return, lie then returned to his carriage, and was driven away to meet the no doubt anxious aud expectant members of his family. Attempted Suicide bt Laudanum.—On Friday, evening, April 16, John Henry Scott, lately em ployed in the service of Mr. Dunn, on the DarliDg, attempted to commit suicide at the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel by taking about two ounces of laudanum. He came down from the Darling a week or two ago with a large amount of money in his possession, about .£200 of which it is stated he spent at Glenelr, drinking very hard. A day or two ago he came to town, a d was staying at the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel, where he seemed very desponding at having run through so much of his earnings, and threatened to commit suicide, tin Thursday he was at the races betting and losing heavily, and taking more liquor than was good for him. On Friday when Mr. Bulk the landlord, returned home from the races he found a note left by Scott, asking him to procure his pocket book from the Bay, and stating that he had made away with faiaiseif. Mr. Bull went up to his room and found him struggling and writhiDgon the bed, and Dr. Phillips, who was at once sent for, administered an emetic, and subsequently Scott was taken to the Hospital, where he was treated by Dr. Logan. On his being made to vcinit by means of very strong coffee and other emetics, no laudanum was found, it having been so long in the system. Galvanism and constant exercise were applied to keep him awake, the dis position to sleea being very strong. On enquiry at a late hour last night we learned that he had revived in some measure, and was in a fair way to recover. We may mention that Scott stated that he obtained the laudanum from different chemists in small quantities. Two police-constables were employed walking him about to prevent his falling asleen, and the utmost efforts were used to pre vent a relapse. Kextdayhe was better, but very weak, and en Monday he had a very severe attack of dslvrimi tremens. I Tun Thbaxbe Boxas. — The return to the "legitimate •drama;'" after; tb'einteiluile of the Pantomime season, has been successfully in augurated. There was a well-fiiled house on Monday when the curtain rose on the "Oorsican Brothers"—a piece which has long enjoyed a favourable reputation. The success of its repre sentation depends far more upon the scene-painter and mechanist than upon the actor. Each act ia worked up into a spectacular climax, in, which the leading feature is the mysterious connection .be tween the brothers—so alike in .figure, in expres sion, and in sensibilities. There is associated with the drama all the difficulty resulting from an admixture of the real and the supernatural. The transformations are sudden and clii'ling; the characters are introduced abruptly, and no less abruptly disappear; the incidents are strung together so as to suit the one 'leading. idea without much regard to coherency, and with— out any particular display of artistic skill. Pro bably these sudden apparidons of lialis of justice and masquerades and so forth are intended to con tribute towards the illusion-10 be in sympathy with the snbtle and ghostly union between the two prominent figures. There was a lameness obser vable in the style of presenting the piece on Monday night which cannot be charged to any particular .actor or to any especial defect in the mounting, and which doubtless will be remedied on repetition. There were one or two entirely new scenes exhibited. One of these was .put on during the masquerade ball, end was a thoroughly creditable production. The hall itself was on a small scale, although far from being a failure. Figures masked aud unmasked danced and promenaded; the merry active clown went through his antics; and a protracted encounter between George and the Dragon, or some other fabulous pair, terminated in the orthodox style with the thorough discomfiture of the scaly monster. The party at be Baron de Mont giron's was a veiy quiet affair indeed; and the duel between M. .Louis de Franehi and M. de Chateau Eenaud was equally uuexciting to the audience, who merely came in at the death. However, any disappointment on this score was amply compensated for by the interest enkindled by the determined struggle between 51. Fabian de Franehi, the avenger of his assassinated brother— cold, resolute, inexorable—aud Chateau ilenaud, moody, appiehensive, tormented with gloomy forebodings of impending defeat and death. The mechanical arrangements for enabling the ghost gradually to glide into (he light of day worked admirably, but the mode of c-xit was far less happily contrived and less effectively executed. Besides this little or no attempt was made to produce the impression of a disembodied shade re visiting the glimpses of the moon. The man, save in his utter immobility, had nothing to hide the *'muddy vesture r-f decay." But, taken all iu all, there is not much ground for complaint in re ference to the mechanist's part. The dual cha racter of MM. Fabian and Louis de Franehi was taken by Mr. Bellair, and welL taken too. Mr. Lawrence, notwithstanding a severe cold, enacted the calculating villauous tide or Benaud's cha ncier effectively. His make-up, however, rather gave the idea of a truculent ill-concealed ruffian than a man of fashion and a thorough-paced iady-kiiler. Mr. Munro's Mont girou was carefully and spiritedly played, and the same may be said of Miss Juno's Emilic de Lespaue. This lady is particularly successful in denunciation, and her bearing and tone in adminis tering the withering invective against Eenaud were forcible and to the purpose. Miss Adelaide Stoneham went through her part of Estelie, a lady of the ballet, with the most thorough naturalness. A reckless levity, which only too plainly; marked . the role she had to take, was expressed in her every word aud gesture. The other characters went creditably through what was required of them, and the performance only requires a repetition to be a very successful one. The farce was "Mv Heart's in thp HlVhUnrle 1' vnriml-n aC -I""1- —— -e - in the Highlands,'' the merits of which are of a very negative order. Madame Bishop's Concerts.—To prove how greatly Madame Bishop's concerts were ap preciated in Melbourne, we quote the fol lowing from the Argus of Tuesday, April 13:— "Madame Bishop's farewell concert' took place last night* and was attended by Major-General Sir Trevor Chute and Lady Chute, Sir Kedmond Barry, and as large an audience as ever assembled in St. George's Hall, the floor and gallery of which were crowded to excess. This concert was the ter mination of Madame Bishop's final professional visit to this colony. To day she, with her husband (Air. Schuitz), Mr. Lascelles, and Mr. Wilkie, will leave Melbourne for Adelaide, where a short series - of concerts will be given prior to her departure for England, en route to Hew York, in which city she purposes, it is understood, to take up heaabode for the rest of her life. Madame Bishop is one—per haps the most eminent one—of the very few vo calists that have visited this part of the world who can claim to be considered perfect arti6ts. It is not only because of the delightful quality and purity of her voice, but from the exquisite style of her singing, in which are included feel ing, articulation, pronunciation, gracefulness, fiorilure, and all the requisites of effective and captivating vocalization, that she has achieved a distinction for which she may truly be envied by every earnest aspiraut to fame in the world of vocal art. She may have experienced demonstra tions of approval of a more uniform character in other cities and towns of Australasia, but it may safely be asserted that her talents and genius have nowhere been appreciated more tban ia this city. During this last visit of Madame Bishop she has, with her wonted kindness, afforded novices the benefit of rehearsing with her in private, and the privilege of singing with her in public; and when it is considered how great her facility is for im parting instruction under such circumstances, as well by her example as by her directions, it will be concluded that thatbenefit and that privilege amount to something of no mean value. Judging from the present state of the musical world, it will be long before another artiste of Madame Bishop's estimable qualities will make her appearance in this city." Marine Board.—The Marine Board met on Monday, April 19, when, in addition to the usual amount of routine business, the following matters were dealt withMinute from the Treasurer, inti mating that the President would accompany the Commissioner of Grown Lands on a visit to the site of the proposed township of Troubridge Treasury minute, stating that it was not considered lesirable to make any separation in the contract For the boat services of the Customs and Marine board Department. It was resoived to recommend hat as the requirements of the Board for boat service were so trifling as cjmnareii with thf> Customs and Postal Department, tbat it would be desirable to place the contractor under the control of the Collector of Customs, A minute was read in reference to the employment of a horse by the Magazine-Keeper, and the Board expressed an opinion that it was unnecessary, as by an altera tion of arrangements the charges could be collected on delivery of the powder. A Treasury minute intimated that tbe matter of leading the North parade wharf- frontages would he dealt with in the Crown Lands Department. Aletter was read from G. Steward, in reference to the work at the Govern ment "Sard. The President stated that he had made enquiries, and satisfied himself that no action was necessary on the part of the Board. The Late Messrs. Beeby & Dunstan's Estate.—The whole of tbe large area of vacant laud in Grenfe'J-street, nearly opposite tbe Register and Observer Offices, and adjoiuiug the well-known Albion Mills, is now sold. We learn that sub stantial warehouses will before long cover the vacant frontages up to the miiu building. It was some time ago arranged that a 20 feet road should run from Grenfell to Bundle streets in continuation, of that dividing the properties of Mr. G. James, of the Norfolk Arms, and Air. Primrose, the brewer; and we may add that the large brick building pro jecting at the side of the main structure, together with the chimney-stack, will be removed to make room for the other proposed erections. The exten sive four-storeyed double warehouses, .used by the late firm as the mill stores, are still undisposed of. Esmeralda Ore.—The crushing, &c.;, of some ore from tiie Esmeralda Mine has yielded the fol lowing favourable resultsFrom a lot of 35 cwt., 7 ozs, 5 dwts. of gold and silver; from a lot of 40 cwt., 9 ozs. 14 dwts. of gold and silver. Alt'. Bailey estimates the value of this metal is from £2 to £210s. per ounce. Wholesale Drowsing of She'p.—The pro prietors of the Crystal Brook P.un suffered during this season a singular loss of about 700 sheep in one of their large paddocks north-Avest of the station. The sheep were in the habit of proceeding far out on the remarkably shallow beach after the tide had receded and wandered abcut on the sands. On the tide returning they appeared not to be posscssed of sufficient sagacity to make for higher ground, and the beach lately for miles was found strewn with their carcases. The Presce and ihe Carandinis.—The fol lowing story has found its way into the Launce&lon; Examiner of the 13th instant:—"Bis Royal High' ness Prince Alfred, when he left Sydney, was not accompanied by the Earl of Belmore. The journals have been suspiciously silent, but private advices have not been so reticent. It is said that the Earl absented himself, or rather did not attend to bid tbe Prince a public farewell, because of a quarrel between himself and the Duke, it seems that a few days previous tbe Earl of Belmore announced his intention of giving a dinner-party at Government Bouse, and the Prince wanted him to invite tbe Carandinis. This the E ul positively refused to do, audlhe Prince, in a huff, threatened he would not honour the party with his presence. The Earl of Belmore was firm, and the Prince was e jually obstinate. He absented himself, aud did not again trouble the Governor with his presence." The Prince Alfred Hotel and Mr. George Aldridge.—That well-known and thoroughly efficient public caterer. Mr. Aldridge, has now entered upon the handsome hotel erected next to the Town Hall by Mr. Bray, as will be seen by a business announcement elsewhere. He will there have ample scops for his abilities and resources. Adelaide Philharmonic Society.—A meeting of this Society was held on Alonuay evening in the refreshment-room of the Town Hal). It was resolved to meet every Friday evening for re hearsal, and that performing members he admitted on application to the Committee. The ap pointment of Air. R. B. White as leader and of Mr. J. Shakespeare as organist was confirmed. Absut 40 additional names were received for enrolment, and .two or three choruses were reheaiEed. 