CIRCUIT COURT, MARYBOROUGH. CRIMINAL SITTINGS. Saturday, October 23. Before his Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche. The Court was opened at 10 a.m. The names of the jury having been called, Mr. Graham was excused on the ground of ill health, and Messrs. Clements and Curtis that they were suffering from the effects of acci- dents. All the other jurors summoned were present. A commission appointing the Hon. R. Pring to act as Crown Prosecutor, was read and made a record of. BUSHRANGING. William Bond was indicted that on the 6th January, on the Gympie and Brisbane road, about five miles from Gympie, he did fire upon and rob William Selwyn King, a passenger by the Gympie and Brisbane coach. Prisoner pleaded not guilty and was unde- fended. Mr. Pring, is opening the case, said it was chiefly a question of identity the jury would have to consider. The two men who stuck up the coach were masked, but Mr. King and another witness would swear they recog- nised the prisoner as one of them by his voice, and the general build and appearance was similar. . And there was this in corroboration of their testimony, one of the men engaged in this robbery was fired upon by Mr. King, and he believed wounded, and prisoner when apprehended was found in a scrub by Ser- geant Collopy suffering from some injury, and in reply to the sergeant's inquiry as to what was the matter with him, said he had been thrown from his horse whilst taking a hurdle on the racecourse. The sergeant not being satisfied, and wishing to look at the wound, the prisoner then said he would tell the truth — he had accidentally shot himself with a gun. Sergeant Collopy then arrested him on a suspicion of being concerned in this robbery. On examining the wound it was found not to be such an one as would be caused by a gun, but by a conical ball such as Mr. King used in his revolver, and fired at the man who stuck-up the coach ; and the wound, when first seen by the medical wit- ness. was in such a state as it would most probably be, it being inflicted on the occasion referred to. William Selwyn King called: Was in January last engaged in the Bank of New South Wales, Gympie; on that day I left Gympie by Cobb and Co.'s coach for Bris- bane; there were five other passengers inside and one outside, besides the driver and the guard ; I was seated in the inside on the back seat, on the near or left side ; we proceeded about five miles and were ascending a rise, when I heard two voices call upon the coach man to stop, which he did immediately; I then saw one man on the off side of the road between about eight and ten yards distant from the coach, and a little in advance on the rise ; he was masked with some dirty-looking brown cloth ; in his right hand he held a re- volver, whlch he covered the passengers in side the coach with ; I was armed with a five chambered Tranter revolver, loaded in each chamber ; two chambers were loaded with cartridges made expressly for the revolver, the bullets being conical ; the three other chambers were loaded with conical bullets and powder; I immediately drew my revolver when I saw the man, and fired, aiming at his navel ; the man bent his body to the right side and staggered after I had fired ; he then fired two shots, the one after the other ; he then fell behind a tree and fired a third shot ; this shot entered the woodwork of the back of the coach ; the shot was fired at the pas- sengers in the coach; the man with the re- volver said, " Now, out of the coach, one by one ; " four of the passengers inside of the coach then got out, I remaining inside; he then said, " You with sandy whiskers, get out," which I did ; when I got out I then saw another man armed with a double-bar- relled gun, which be covered me with ; the man with the revolver ordered me to take off my coat and waistcoat; I did so; he then said, ''Take off your shirt;" I had two silk ones on, and I took off the outside one; I threw off the outside one with the revolver in it ; he then said, " Turn out your pockets, you with the sandy whiskers ;" I had nine pounds in notes and some silver with me, which I threw on the ground ; one of the passengers named Smith raised his coat over his arm, which took off the attention of the man with the gun from me ; as soon as I saw the gun removed from covering me, I sprang for my revolver, jumped over a log, ran about a dozen paces in a half-circle, and fired three shots at the man with the gun ; the last chamber missed fire ; I did not get my money back ; I bolted into the scrub after I fired ; I followed the scrub up 300 yards and fell in with the road ; a few minutes after I saw the two men ride past in the direction of Gympie, still masked ; the man with the revolver was the prisoner; on the 14th January I saw the prisoner in the Court-house, Gympie, and recognised his voice immediately; I can state positively he is the man who fired the re- volver ; I do so from the voice ; the general appearance and build is like prisoner ; the witness King, who was examined before the police court, Gympie, has left for China ; an- other passenger also examined then, named Walker, has left for Ballarat. By the pri- soner: I remember on the l4th January being called into the police camp, Gympie, to try to identify a man arrested on suspicion of stick- ing up the coach ; I did not identify him ; I did not say I could not identify him until I heard his voice ; I swear your voice and your general appearance is the same. Prisoner here asked witness to place him- self in the exact position he stood when he fired, and also to direct him (the prisoner) to stand in the position the man with the re- volver stood when he fired at him. This being done, the prisoner triumphantly exposed the wound, but the effect was just the oppo- site, we should say, on all who saw it to that intended. The direction of the wound, as shown by the scars marking its entrance and exit through the body, was as near in a straight line with Mr. King's hand when pointed at him as he could be expected to describe—the circumstances under which the firing took place not allowing any very parti- cular observations to be made. Spencer Martin was guard of Cobb's Bris- bane and Gympie coach on the 6th January, of which Mr. Selwyn King was a passenger; I was sitting on the box seat on the near side ; about five miles from Gympie I saw a man coming from behind a tree with a double barrelled gun ; he ordered the driver to pull up; he did so; I then saw a man at the driver's side with a revolver in his hand; I heard some shots fired; the man with the gun then ordered me down, and to hold the leaders' heads, or he would blow my brains out; I did so; heard the man with the re- volver order Mr. King to get out; saw Mr. King get out ; the other passengers were all out before ; he told them all to take off their clothes; heard him speak several times; he told Mr. Selwyn King to pull off his coat and turn out his pockets ; saw Mr. King pull off his coat and other things, and turn out his trousers pockets; Mr. King after this stooped down to pick up something, and then ran in a half circle round ; the man with the re- volver called "Look out ! look out !" Mr. King then fired two shots at the man with the gun, and ran away into the scrub; heard the man with the revolver then say he would have Mr. King's life before sunset; the man with the gun then ordered all the passengers into the coach, and told the driver to drive on ; the money was on the ground when the coach drove away; the man with the gun followed the coach fifty or sixty yards ; the day before I was examined at the Police-office at Gympie, I recognised the voice of a man in the lockup talking to Mr. Lloyd as the voice of the man that stuck us up; saw the prisoner with the Police Magistrate and Dr. Byrne, and heard the prisoner talking to them ; recognised by the voice that it was the same man I heard talking to Mr. Lloyd, also the man that had the revolver when the coach was stuck up; in build and appearance the prisoner is like the man with the revolver. By the prisoner : I was on the box of the coach when I first heard shots fired ; saw a man on the off side of the coach about three yards off when I heard the shots ; he was towards the back of the coach when the first shots were fired, leaning against a tree. Samuel John Lloyd, Inspector of Police, Gympie: Know the prisoner; he is in my charge now; know the last witness (Martin) ; in July last I had a conversation with the lockup keeper in reference to the prisoner ; Spencer Martin was in the passage, and he could hear what was said ; it took place about the latter end of January, and a day before Martin was examined. Matthew Collopy, sergeant in police, sta- tioned at Gympie ; was so in January last; know the prisoner ; arrested him on the 13th January last, about three miles from Gym- pie, between the Racecourse and the river, in a tent, which was in open country; I went into his tent; there was a little girl with him ; I was not in uniform, he was sitting down ; after entering the tent the prisoner handed me a drink of tea, and I noticed a stiffness about his body ; said to him, Are you unwell? he said, I am nearly better now, but I have been ; I said is it fever you have? he said, No, it is a hurt I have — on the last day of the Gympie races I was riding a horse over there (pointing to a hurdle) and my horse threw me, and in the fall my back was hurt ; I said, Oh ! what do you do to it ? he said, I have bandaged it ; I said, That is no good to a hurt — will you let me see it? he said. No, I have it bandaged now. and I cannot let you see it; Constable Ritson came in afterwards, and I then arrested the pri- soner, and charged him with sticking-up the mail coach ; he said, Don't hurt me, and I will tell you all about it ; he said, On Tues- day evening, the 5th, I was over at Commis- sioner's Creek, I was going to shoot a pig — had a gun in my hand, and while crossing the creek the gun went off accidentally and shot me in the side. I said, Where is the gun ? He said, I have left it in the creek ; he described the place where he left the gun to me ; I searched the place, but could not find the gun ; after arresting prisoner, I examined the wound, and then took him to the lock-up ; Dr. Byrne examined the wound afterwards. By prisoner: After arresting you I examined the place where you said I had left the gun, but not immediately after — not the same day, it was perhaps four days afterwards; the reason I did not examine the place the day I arrested you was because I was examining other places ; it was more than half a mile off. T. Edgar D. Byrne : Am a duly qualified medical practitioner, residing at Gympie ; was so in July last ; know the prisoner ; examined him at the police station on the 13th January last; have had a more than ordinary experience in gunshot wounds, hav- ing been in the navy ; found prisoner suffer- ing from a bullet wound on the left side, penetrating the abdominal muscles, and situated about an inch and a half above the brim of the pelvis, and making its exit about an inch and an eighth behind ; should judge from the appearance of the wound that it was about eight or nine days old ; should presume the bullet was of conical shape — had it been round it would have entered the intestines, which were not wounded ; I was in court when prisoner put himself in posi- tion before the witness King, and from that position should judge that if prisoner was standing on rising ground, the effect of the gunshot wound would be as described by me; in my opinion an accidental discharge of a gun would be utterly impossible to produce the effect described by me on the prisoner ; a person wounded as the prisoner was would be capable of using his mental and physical powers until inflammation set in. This con- cluded the case for the Crown. For the defence the prisoner called Wil- liam Chapman and his wife Mrs. Chapman ; also, Caroline Bently (the girl who was in the tent with him when he was arrested), but who did not appear when called upon. The prisoner then addressed the jury, and said that he had been brought up on this charge at the last assizes, when exactly the same evidence given to-day would have been produced. At that time he had subpoenaed several witnesses, who were then in atten- dance; he had, however, been remanded over until this sessions, and the consequence was that these witnesses were not now here. He represented to the Chief Justice at the time the injustice he would suffer by his trial being held over; but he was informed by his Honor that " he was very sorry, but could not help it." He had been in gaol ten months, and had lost his witnesses. The prisoner then commented on the evidence, endeavor- ing principally to show that it was impossible for anybody to identify him merely by his voice, and also tried to make out that the witnesses King and Martin had given con- trary evidence, the former stating that when he fired the bushranger was in front of the coach, and the latter most distinctly stating that the bushranger was at the back of the coach when King fired. After an address of considerable length, the prisoner finally wound up by protesting his innocence of the charge. His Honor, in summing up, carefully and concisely reviewed the evidence. He said he was very sorry that the witnesses subpoenaed by the prisoner were not in the court ; he should very much liked to have had them examined. The jury were, however, sworn to give their verdict truly upon the evidence which was laid before them. The prisoner had in his address endeavored to show to the jury that it was a matter of impossibility that a witness could identify a prisoner merely from the fact of having heard his voice, and especially during a scene of excitement such as is said to have taken place at the sticking up of the Gympie coach. Now it was patent to each juryman that under such circum- stances a person would be much more likely to notice the voice than to recognise the features, more especially if the parties were at all disguised. He even knew of a case, singular as it may appear, when a man was convicted on the evidence of three respectable witnesses merely upon their being able to swear to him on account of a very peculiar manner he had of sneezing. Now the wit- ness King most distinctly swears to the pri- soner by his voice as the party whom he fired at when the coach was stuck up ; the witness Martin also identifies the prisoner by his build and general appearance. The jury would of course be guided by the evidence, and determine upon that alone as to whether the identity of the prisoner as one of the par- ties who stuck up the coach was fully proved. If they were of that opinion they would find a verdict of guilty; if, on the other hand, they were of a contrary opinion, or had any reasonable doubt upon the matter, they would of course give the prisoner the benefit of it. The jury retired at 5 minutes to 1 o'clock. OBTAINING MONEY UNDER FALSE PRETENCES. William Siggerson was indicted for obtain- ing money under false pretences, in that he issued a cheque for £1 on the Australian Joint Stock Bank at the time he had no account there, whereby he defrauded Morgan Davies of the amount named. Mr. Blake appeared for the prisoner, and after a few remarks tending to show that the offence charged against the prisoner was com- mitted in an incautious moment and that it was not done with any felonious intent, pleaded Guilty. His Honor-said he thought that Mr. Blake had not been fully informed on tbe case, or he would not plead guilty to the charge, it was not now even too late, and he would give him the opportunity to change the plea; no doubt he had been instructed in the course he bad pursued, but he thought he had better recon sider the matter. After consulting with Mr. McDevitt, Mr. Blake said be would abide by the plea, and leave tbe case in tbe hands of His Honor. His Honor said he would take the depos itions with him to his hotel, and give them his careful consideration and pass sentence of the Court on Monday morning. He regretted to say it was not tbe first time the prisoner had been brought before him. The jury empannelled on the case of Bond were here asked if they were agreed, a reply in the affirmative being given they took their places in the jury box, and gave a verdict of Guilty. Tbe prisoner was then remanded fw sentence until Monday morning. ? y His Honor then said that ub the other cases to be tried were on the capital charge, and would occupy considerable time, and as be did not wish to have a jury locked up for two nights, notwithstanding time was very precious, he would adjourn the court until 10 a.m. on Monday, when the charge against Cecil Cofquboun for murder would be taken first. Monday, October 25. His Honor took bis seat punctually at 10 a.m. Before reading over the names of tbe jury, the Crown Prosecutor prayed tbe judgment of the Court upon William Siggerson, who had pleaded guilty on the charge of obtaieing money uoder false pretences. The'pri8oner on being asked if he had any thing to say why tbe sentence of tbe Court^ should not be passed on him, replied in the negative. His Honor, addressing prisoner, said he was very sorry to see a man of his abilities and education placed in such a position ; it was, however, unfortunately not the first time he bad bees before him on a similar charge. He was uowilling to pass the'most severe sen tence the law enabled bim to do, ana there fore the sentence of tbe Court was that be be imprisoned in Brisbane Gaol for two years. The Crown Prosecutor then prayed the judgment of the Court agaiust the prisoner, William Bond, convicted of bushranging. The prisoner, on being asked If he had any thing to say why the sentence of tbe Court should not be passed on him, said he bad re ceived some letters from his witnesses, which he would ask bis Honor to read ; they would prove his innocence. His Honor having read the letters, directed them to be handed back to prisoner. Tbe prisoner being again asked if he bad anything to say requested that he might be further re manded so that his witnesses could be pro duced. His Honor said that was not in his power, and then proceeded to pass sentence, addressing the prisoner as follows :- William Bond, you stand convicted of having on a certain day named in the indictment, stuck up and robbed the Gympie coacb, being at the same time iu possession of a certain deadly weapon, viz., a revolver. 1 have very carefully read over tbe depositions in this case, and I find that hefore the magistrates a witness was examined whose evidence, had it been here, would have enabled tbe Crowu to have put you upon your trial on tbe capital charge under the 44th section of the Act. Had you beeli so tried and found guilty, I should have bad no possible alternative but to sentence you te death. Luckily for you that witness is not here, and you only stand convicted of tbe charge of robbery under arms. I am not going to pass a sentence upon you of penal servitude for life, which it is in my power to do, as I have no means of knowing anything of your antecedents; .You, bow ever, came to this colony from a place where a good deal of crime exists, and your career here is anything but a _favorable one. The crime of which you stand convicted is one which must be put down with a strong hand, and the sentence I shall pass upon you will, 1 tbins, be effectual in doing so — at any rate in your case. The seutence which I feel bound to pass upon you is, that you be im prisoned with hard labor for the term of 20 years, and that during the first six months you be twice privately whipped, receiving each time upon your bare back twenty-five lashes with the cat. The prisoner, oa being removed, agaiu most emphatically asserted that he was inno cent, calling upon God to witness to.it, and asked his Honor whether it was top late for his witnesses to make affidavit of what they knew of the matter. His Honor said he was sure tbe Executive, with whom the matter rested, would yive all proper attention to the representations on oath the prisoner might have to make. murdbr. Cecil Colquhoun was charged with having on the 13th September last, at Yardley, near Owanyilla, feloniously and wilfully, with malice aforethought, murdered one Billy Yan- away, an aboriginal. Prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was de- fended by Mr. Blake, with Mr. Paul, in structed by Mr. Walker and Mr. Barns. The Crown Prosecutor having opened the case by a narration of the facts to the jury, called John H. G. Pountney: Am a farmer, re- siding at Yardley, about eight miles from Maryborough: know the prisoner; he was engaged to do some fencing for me in Sep- tember last at Yardley ; knew an aboriginal native named Billy Yanaway, who was in prisoner's employ at that time ; prisoner re- sided about three or four hundred yards from my house, in a humpy ; it was entirely open in front ; it contained two sleeping bunks at the back and one at one side ; a person named Henry Harwood and a person named Charles Hedges occupied the humpy with prisoner; Billy Yanaway camped about twenty yards from the humpy, in a gunyah ; he had a gin ; I believe there were two gins living in the humpy with him ; recollect the 12th September, a Sunday ; prisoner and Peter O'Kelly, and Hedges were at my house on that Sunday ; we had a little brandy together in the kitchen — it was in the even- ing ; they left my house at about half-past eleven that evening, and together ; Hedges was then sober ; prisoner and O'Kelly were partially drunk ; saw them again that night ; went with them to the Owanyilla Hotel, and had something to drink there; we stayed about three- quarters of an hour; we all started together from the hotel ; Hedges and O'Kelly each carried some grog with them ; do not know whether the prisoner did or not; Hedges and I separated from the pri soner and O'Kelly directly after leaving the hotel ; Hedges and I went to my house ; saw nothing more of the prisoner that night ; on the Monday morning, about four o'clock, Hedges went to the hut, he had some grog, which he took with him; I did not again see the prisoner until about two o'clock on Monday afternoon ; he was on my verandah ; he came to me — he was alone ; he said, What shall I do, I have killed Billy ; there was no other blackfellow there called Billy Yanaway, as far as I know, in the prisoner's employ; I answered him that he had better immediately get a horse and go into town and report it; O'Kelly and Hedges then came up ; I told prisoner my horses were out, O'Kelly offered to lend him his, which was in the paddock ; prisoner then went away with O'Kelly and Hedges ; about two hours after they had gone Inspector Rogers came up, I went with him to show where the but was ; I saw the body of a blackfellow; Mr. Rogers was with me ; I did not recognise the body or examine it ; I believed it to be that of Billy Yanaway; the body was lying in front of Billy's gunyah ; the body was lying on its right side with the arm stretched out at right angles, the thigh slightly bent on the hips, and the legs on the thigh ; the face was away from the humpy and towards the gunyah. This sketch [handed to witness] correctly represents the position of the body. I saw Dr. Brown at the spot the next day ; the body was still in the same position, and had not been touched ; Dr. Brown surgically examined the body in my presence. By Mr. Blake: Hedges was sober when he left me on the Monday morning. Charles Hedges: Am a bushman, living near Owanyilla; know the prisoner; knew an aboriginal native named Billy Yanaway; he was in the employment of the prisoner; I resided with prisoner at that time in a but at Yardley ; we were fencing together; Billy Yanaway lived in a little gunyah about 20 paces off, in front of the hut; I know Mr. O'Kelly ; recollect Sunday, 12th September last, I was in company with the prisoner and O'Kelly at Mr. Pountney's, drinking until a late hour ; got back to my hut on the Mon- day morning, just as the sun was rising, by myself; after I left the Owanyilla Hotel I went to Pountney's, and stayed some time ; had a bottle of rum with me when I went back to the hut; I was sober; the prisoner and O'Kelly were in the hut; they were each lying on a bunk; spoke to O'Kelly; believe the prisoner was asleep ; a few minutes after- wards Billy Yanaway came up to the hut; the prisoner was still asleep ; I gave Billy a glass of rum — a good wineglassful — in a tin pannican; Billy appeared excited when he came up to me and I gave him the rum ; can- not say whether the prisoner and O'Kelly had any grog in the humpy ; Billy demanded another glass immediately after drinking the first ; he had no weapons with him then ; I did not give him any more grog ; he tried to coax me for more at first, and then commenced to abuse me ; told Billy to go out of the humpy ; he had come in to get the grog ; he went out and went to his gunyah, he came back again directly to the front of the humpy, he had two nullas, both studded with nails ; be began to abuse me, and bran- dished his nullas ; the prisoner was not awake at this, time ; Billy Yanaway then tried to force his way into the humpy, and I prevented him ; he tried to do so for some time; Mr. O'Kelly awoke and came out, and offered to box Billy if he would lay down his nullas; Billy was abusive to O'Kelly and I told O'Kelly to get into the hut or he might get a foul blow; Billy was brandishing his nullas over his head; the prisoner awoke after a time and Billy was then in the front of the humpy — outside — just by the fireplace ; the fireplace is about 2 yards from the humpy ; Billy was between the fireplace and the humpy ; the prisoner got out of his bunk when he awoke, and told Billy to to be quiet ; Billy shook his nullas in prisoner's face and began to abuse him he told prisoner he was a liar, asked him to fight, said he was afraid of him, and called him a b—y rogue ; the prisoner, before Billy Yanaway called him a liar, had only told him to go to his camp and be quiet ; after being called a liar prisoner again told him to go to his camp; the blackfellow became abusive and refused to go; the prisoner told him he would make him go ; the blackfellow refused and brandished his nullas again in prisoner's face ; the prisoner took a tomahawk out of my belt and advanced towards the blackfellow; saw no more at that time of the prisoner and the blackfellow ; my back was turned to both of them ; I was in the hut at the time, cutting up tobacco; I did not see what prisoner was doing at this time, my back was turned about a minute or so; I heard the blackfellow abusing the prisoner ; after this minute I turned round and saw the prisoner strike the blackfellow— this was at the blackfellow's gunyah ; Billy was on the ground when he was struck; he struck him on the neck with a tomahawk ; believe it was with the blade; saw him strike him twice— there was no pause between the blows; I called out to the prisoner not to hit him any more ; I went up to the blackfellow and said, Don't hit him any more— you have given him enough — I think he is dead; we returned towards the humpy, and prisoner said, What could I do when the blackfellow threatened my life with his nullah ; prisoner appeared sober enongh when he told the blackfellow to go to his camp ; I missed O'Kelly a few minutes previous to prisoner's awaking; I noticed a mortising axe on the evening of Monday; did not examine it ; prisoner said he would go over to Mr. Pount- ney's; know Dr. Brown, saw him at Yardley on the 14th, with myself and Mr. O'Kelly, Mr. Pountney and the Police Magistrate ; Dr. Brown saw the body of Billy Yanaway ; the body was in the same position as when left by the prisoner after striking it. [Sub- inspector Rogers called, produced a mortising axe and tomahawk]. Examination continued : l believe that is the tomahawk the prisoner used ; believe that is the mortis- ing axe found near the fire-place ; it is like one we were in the habit of using. By Mr. Blake :The black fellow at the first time en- deavored to force his way in to the hut— that was after I refused to give him more rum ; he asked me to fight; he had then two nallas in his hand — they were large nullas, full of nails, as long as the handle of this mortising axe ; they were larger than ordi- nary nullas, nearly two inches in diameter at the thickest end; the nails were half driven in, then beaten down so as to form a rim all round; when the blackfellow shook his nullah at prisoner they were about a pace apart ; the prisoner was then just inside the hut; I was also inside the hut ; deceased was standing close to the fire-place ; I put the tomahawk first in my belt when Billy Yanaway got his nullas and abused me ; I did this to defend myself; I apprehended danger from deceased ; when I heard the deceased threatening prisoner I thought the latter was in danger from the blackfellow— thought his life was in danger; did not go outside the hut; had to turn my back on the prisoner to go to the table; it was about a minute after this I saw the prisoner and the blackfellow ; I saw nothing take place from the time the prisoner took the tomahawk out of my belt until I saw him in the posi- tion I have described ; should say three or four minutes elapsed from the time I saw the blackfellow leave the hut until the time I saw the blackfellow on the ground ; know a man named Henry Harwood; he was a few days before in the employment of priso- ner; he was not there that night ; knew the deceased offered the prisoner violence on a previous occasion — on the Tuesday previous he struck at the prisoner with a nulla of same description ; he swore by the Holy Ghost and made a blow at the prisoner ; the nulla struck the post of the hut and made the nails fly out of the nullah ; he used a great deal of abuse at the time; the night after this we believe Harwooed watched ; can't say he was awake whilst I was asleep ; he was in his bunk. Re-examined by Mr. Pring : I did not go to his assistance ; I was cutting tobacco, but left off as soon as I thought his life was in danger. Peter O'Kelly, farmer residing near Owan- yilla: I know the prisoner and the witnesses Hedges and Pountney, we were altogether on Sunday night the 12th September last drink ing ; I reside nearly half-a-mile from Mr. Pountney's not quite so much ; I left the Owanyilla Hotel about 12 o'clock on Sunday night ; we all left together Mr. Pountney and Sedges walked too quick for prisoner and me; we prisoner and I got to the prisoners hut ; I am not sure of the time, as we lost our way ; I carried a bottle of brandy with me; The prisoner had a bottle of rum with him, and another bottle I believe was rum also; I was drunk when I arrived at the hut, and pri- soner was pretty well on too, I judge; when we got to the hut a blackfellow named Billy Yanaway came up ; he asked for something ; prisoner gave him one of the bottles we brought home with us ; I am not sure how much it contained ; Billy Yannaway, I be lieve, then went away to his humpy; don't recollect that prisoner or I took any more liquor; prisoner went to bed; think I fell asleep in one of the bunks ; when I awoke I saw Hedges there, keeping the blackfellow out ; the blackfellow had a club in each hand one of which he was holding over his head in a threatening manner ; he continued to do this for some time, when I went out and said "If you will lay down these sticks I will box you ;" Hedges said "You had better not;" and I came in without touching him ; I then went and lay down and fell asleep ; I was awoke by hearing a gin yell out ; I believe the prisoner, at the time I fell asleep, was in his bed when I heard the screaming I got up and walked out of a side door and went home ; I looked as I went out to my right hand and saw a blackfellow lying down be- fore his gunyah ; did not go to look at him ; did not see the prisoner or Hedges about. By Mr. Paul : The prisoner gave the black fellow the bottle with its contents, whatever they were. Lionel John Fleming was in September last barman to Mr. James Nichols, Owan- yilla; saw the prisoner on Monday evening, 13th September, between six and seven o'clock ; the prisoner asked me if I had heard any new news ; I said, "Yes, I heard a blackfellow was killed;" he said, "I killed him ;" I asked him how ; he said, in self de fence ; he said, "The blackfellow attempted to strike me with a nullah," and showed me his hat, which was battered ; the rim of tbe hat was torn; I said, "The best thing you can do is to give yourself up to the Police Magistrate — Mr. Rogers is looking for you;" he said he would do so, and shortly after left me. By Mr. Blake: The plaits of the hat were torn asunder on the side of the rim. Wm. Cooke Rogers, Sub-inspector of police, stationed in Maryborough: on 13th Septem- ber last, went to Mr. Pountney's place, at Yardley; saw the dead body of an aboriginal; it was about twenty yards from the hut of the prisoner; there was a gunyah near; the body was facing the gunyah ; saw Dr. Brown there; the next day he examined the body in my presence ; I arrested the prisoner ; there were two persons there, O'Kelly and Hedges; I produce two tomahawks — this one I got about fifteen paces from the hut on the left- hand side of the hut, the mortising axe I found in front of the hut; handed them both to Dr. Brown, who examined them. By Mr. Paul : There was one nullah near the body when I first saw it. Henry Hort Brown: Am a duly qualified medical practitioner, in Maryborough ; on the 13th of September last saw the dead body of an aboriginal ; it was pointed out to me by Sub-inspector Rogers, at Yardley; I made a surgical examination of the body ; I found three wounds on the neck, two of them continuous, extending from the front of the left ear to the base of the skull, dividing in their course the carotid artery, severing the lower portion of the occipital bone, and dividing the spinal column at the base of the skull ; if the blackfellow was on the ground when struck, two blows given in succession would produce the wounds ; either of the wounds would have produced death ; the wounds could have been produced by a toma- hawk; the third wound was below the others and parallel to them ; it was only a flesh wound ; there was also a wound between the shoulder blades of uniform depth throughout, penetrating to the spinal column ; there was also a wound dividing the lower jaw, and penetrating into the mouth; the two last wounds I should say were not produced by a tomahawk ; should say they were more likely produced by the mortising axe ; I examined the mortising axe, and detected signs of blood on the handle; there were no other wounds. The-Crown Prosecutor having claimed the right to review the evidence, Mr. Blake said he would call his Honor's attention to some observations made by some learned and eminent judges in England against the practice. Mr. Blake having quoted the opinions of Mr. Justice Black burn, His Honor: And that simply says it must be left to the discretion of the prosecuting counsel whether he would exercise his right or not. The Crown Prosecutor said he intended to exercise his right. He did so the more par- ticularly because sworn testimony had been elicited which had not come out before the magistrate at the preliminary enquiry. Mr. Pring then passed in review the evidence, showing how it bore on three different views of the case — that it was murder, man- slaughter, or that the homicide had been committed in self defence. He believed Hedges had told the truth, but he had not told all the truth, and his conduct when the blackfellow was brandishing the nullahs showed he was not in any fear himself of the blackfellow. There was nothing to show that the blackfellow had used such threats or had proceeded to such violence as would justify the killing of him. His Honor would tell them that calling him a liar, rogue, or wanting him to fight was no justification for even a common assault. If the blackfellow was mad with drink, surely they could have tied him down, and restrained him until the mania had passed away. Surely it was not necessary to kill him in self defence ; Hedges tells us that when the blackfellow was help- less on the ground he saw the prisoner deal him two blows on his neck in quick succes- sion with the blade of the tomahawk, each of which might have caused death, and that after this he was hacked with a mortising axe. (His Honor pointed out it was not in evidence that prisoner inflicted any other blows than those on the neck.) He recalled this latter observation, and confined himself to the two blows seen by Hedges — were they given in self defence? The deceased was at his gunyah, not at prisoner's ; the deceased must have run away, and the prisoner fol- lowed him. If he were afraid of the black fellow, he (prisoner) should have run away. He submitted if the jury did not find a ver- dict of guilty of murder they ought to bring in a verdict of manslaughter. There was nothing in the evidence to show the prisoner was acting in self defence when he committed this awful deed. Mr. Blake took up the ground that the prisoner acted in self defence, and pleaded justification of the homicide. He laid down, first of all, that if the prisoner had reasonable ground for believing from previous threats that his life was in danger, he was justified in shooting the blackfellow, and quoted au- thority. Then proceeding to the facts as dis- closed by the evidence, he pointed out the threats made by the deceased to the prisoner some days before, and again on the morning he was killed, and the brandishing of the formidable weapons he had brought with him to carry out his threats. Then they had the confession of the prisoner to Fleming that he had killed the blackfellow ; but they must take the whole of that confession — what was in favor of the prisoner as well as that against him, unless there was strong reason for re- jecting it, — and that confession was that he killed the blackfellow in self defence. The Crown Prosecutor had attempted to throw some discredit on the witness Hedges, but if he was not a witness of truth his evidence must be rejected altogether, and the case for the Crown break down completely. It was an unfortunate affair, which the prisoner had no doubt to some extent got into through over indulgence in drink ; but because he had acted unwisely, indiscreetly, improperly, they were not to set down the prisoner as a mur- derer, if there was no law, no evidence for it. Mr. Blake admitted that the same justice must be dealt to the black man as to the white man ; but in dealing with blackfellows there was of necessity a different line of con- duct to be pursued to that of a white man. If a white man used drunken threats, and proceeded to violence, no doubt one would not strike until there had been some act of aggression ; but a blackfellow would strike on the first opportunity— and hesitate inaction and your life might not be worth a moment's purchase. The prisoner had been previously threatened by the deceased. He was awakened out of a drunken sleep by this savage, who brandished bis formidable wea- pons and made a rush at him to get into the hut. Prisoner thereupon seized Mr. Hedges' tomahawk out of his belt, and rushes upon the savage, and we know no more until we learn from Mr. Hedges that he saw the black- fellow on the ground, and prisoner with his tomahawk standing over him. Mr. Blake concluded a long and powerful speech, of which the above is the barest outline, by claiming a verdict of acquittal. Captain Jefftry and Dr. Ward, J.'sP., both bore testimony to the quiet and inoffensive disposition of the prisoner. His Honor, in summing up, said he could find nothing to reduce the charge to man- slaughter; if any crime had been made out it was murder. Another view of the case had been presented, that the blackfellow had been killed in self defence. The jury would do well to consider all the circumstances that preceded and the conduct of the prisoner after the blackfellow was killed. If a man's life, or even limbs, are put in danger, the homicide of his assailant, it was laid down in the text books, was justifiable. They must be guided by the evidence — which his Honor then proceeded to read. The jury retired at half-past 5 o'clock, and after an absence of ten minutes returned with a verdict of Not Guilty. The Court was then adjourned until this day at 10 o'clock, when the Civil business will be proceeded with. The Criminal sittings are adjourned until Thursday. 