GENERAL NEWS. On Tuesday, July 27, the Rev. J. E. T. "Woods will deliver a lecture in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on the. "Life of Sir Thomas More." The lecture will be divided into two parts, and during the interval the drawing of the prizes for the Art .Union in aid of the debt on the church of the Immaculate Conception, Port Adelaide, will take place. . The firing for the general prizes offered by the Government for the year 1868, for com petition by volunteers^ will take place at the Adelaide butts to-morrow. The several troops and. companies have fired at their respective ranges,' and the marksman from each corps will alone compete on Tuesday, the prizes being £50, £30, and; £25. The distances will be 300, 700, and 800 yards, ten rounds at each An interest ing and exciting competition is. anticipated. The anniversary services in connection with the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Unley Park, were held pn Sunday, July 25; The ser vice in the morning was conducted by Mr. J.-" Phillips, the Rev. J. H. William's preaching in the afternoon, and Mr. W. G. Coombs in the evening. The attendance on each occasion was large, and good collections were made. By the Penola we have one day's later papers from Melbourne. 'Mr. George Pannell has just received from England a .parcel containing several varieties- of the most approved sorts of wheat, oats, and barley for experimental purposes. They have all arrived in first-class condition, and although some of them do not bear favor able comparison with our Mount Gambier grown cereals, it is Sir. Pannell's intention to give -them all-a fair trial, to. see. what effect a change of climate may have on them. The varieties are:—Wheat—Giant wheat (raised on London sewage), Red Lammas, Rough Chaff, Sherriffs Bearded, and Fenton's wheat. Gats—Potatoe, "Winter, White and Black Tartar. Barley— Golden Tixop.'—Border Wateh. The ice iff Gaiwler durifigilhe week has. been nearly an inch thick. " ; / - _ The second Annual meeting iii conned?-1 tion with theCity Mission will; be held at the. Hindmarsh Congregational Church this evening.'" We (Bunyip) were shown the other day at Mr. Duffield's office a specimen of wheat sold by Mm to a Sydney merchant as long ago'as 1861, which has been stored in a siloeever since. The wheat is as fresh and good and free from, weevil now as it was when shipped from South Australia, proving beyond a doubt that there is no injury to apprehend- from' keeping wheat if it is only properly, stored.. _ The Bunyip says :—"As an evidence of .the faith of the general public ia the district as to the ultimate prosperity of Barossa, a new Company is in course of organization for the establishment of fresh crushing machinery.. Already nearly 500 shares have been taken up by people in and around Gawler and on . the diggings. The shares are 30s. ones, and 1,000 is to be the maximum number." Mr.. Either, butcher, of Bundle-street, who was seized with an attack of paralysis on Thursday afternoon, died on Saturday morning. The funeral took place on Sunday^ and: was largely attended.- Great sympathy-is. felt for the family in their very sudden bereavement. Mr. -Either had -for many years carried -on-the butchering; business in Adelaide, and was well known and generally respected^ ■ - - * M. Buette, a French; colonist of Hew Caledonia, who - has visited v. these colonies, draws a striking contrast between the: energy, enterprise,_and progress that have marked'the career of these ' provinces, with the sleepiness" and'stagnancy of the French dependency, and urges upon his" fellow-colonists the fact that, while the average yearly yield of sugar in Bourbon is 60,000 tons,. New Caledonia con tains an area, of land fit for the growth of the sugar-cane,. three times as large .as that of Bourbon. • The Southern Argus speaking of' the weather about Strathalbyn-says:—" The nights havev.been intensely cold, and the frosts so severe that in the mornings the ground has ap peared as if there had been a good fall of. snow, during the preceding night; and at .the railway station on Thursday morn ing two trucks had to be cleared of the frost by a broom before loading with goods. Ice has also, of course, been plentiful, buckets and tubs of water having a good coating on them of about an eighth of an inch thick, and in some in stances much thicker." ... . We are glad to iearn that the question of the extension of the jetty at Victor Harbor is not yet altogether , cast aside in despair, for we believe that it will be brought before the Parliament early-inthe ensuing session- in the form ef a memorial bearing the signatures, of nearly all the principal- residents of , the South. The memorial urges the very great necessity which exists for .the expenditure of the £10,000 votedTor the purpose, in order' to increase , the. facilities f<-r shipping at the port. There are already a good number of signatures to the memorial, and we hope that it may have the effect which is intended,—^-SoutTiern Argus. . , Mr. F. -Raymond, an old and respected resident of Salisbury for many years, met with; an accident on Saturday morning, by faUing off a'f foot-bridge leading, from one part of his garden1 into the ' other,. asV he - was,, carrying .some yegetables to his house. . The fall must have been. some 15-feet, and. Air. Raymond came in contact with a large root protruding from; the bed of the oreek. Dr. Fisher was promptly in attendance, and1 found that the thigh bone had been broken. The ■ sufferer -was at once, conveyed on a door to his residence, about 100 yards from the bridge. Great sympathy is felt. for Mr. Raymond, who is "a man of advanced years. No internal injuries were sustained. . The match between the Adelaide and Military Football Clubs, played on Saturday afternoon, July 24, on-the North Park Lands, drew together several hundreds of people, the delightful weather, no doubt, also having a great attractive influence. The respective sides were under the captaincy of Messrs. Mal- colm and Olphert, and the understanding was that the match should be played without regard to the ordinary rules, as the military, not having had much practice, considered them selves at a disadvantage otherwise. The ball was started at 3 o'clock, and the game at once became most exciting. The civilians, whilst showing considerable skill in their play, had to contend with some very rough mauling from their opponents, who throughout indulged in tripping, holding, &c.;, and at times it would appear to be more of a wrestling match, for whilst the ball was in full play in one portion of the field, there would be several couples struggling for the mastery until one of them was obliged to succumb. Although such vio- lent means were resorted to by the military, and which must have been most trying to the tempers of the civilians, it was pleasing to observe that the match was conducted, on the whole, with good feeling. Four goals were gained by the civilians, two of which were made by Sparks, the third by W. Samson, and the fourth by A. Crooks. The play ing of Malcolm and Sparks was much admired, Messrs. J. Hart, W. Samson, Sanders, and one or two others also deserving notice. The military band was in attendance, and played several selections of music. The lovers of velocipedes will be glad to-learn, that there will shortly be a machine of a new description submitted to public favor. It is a unicycle, differing altogether from the one recently patented, which was meant to carry one man inside, inasmuch as it is intended to carry two men outside, at the rate of something like 16 miles; an hour on a moderately level bush track or macadamised road. It consists of a single wheel,.seven feet in diameter, with a seat and; winch attached to the centre on each side of the wheeL The' weight of the whole concern will not be more than 60 lbs. to 70 lbs. To"turn the wheel once in something less than a second is considered moderately easy work, and as every turn advances 21 feet, this will get over a mile in a trifle less than four minutes, or 15 to 16 miles an hour. The invention is not new, but is copied from an English patent taken out some 15 years ago, which, probably like a good many inventions, was thrown aside as premature. With, the machine as then constructed, which weighed nearly 901bs., it is stated in the Tear Book of Facts that " two persons can travel at the. rate of 16 miles an hour, and that so little are the legs . called into, play—the body being kept at ease, and supported by. padded cushions—that the. fatigue of working the carriage 16 miles is not so great as that of walking four miles." The mode of guiding the wheel is the same as a person skating. The driverslean to the side re quired, and this brings the wheel round in the same way as a boy turns a hoop. To balance two persons of different weights, the seat of the lighter party is moved further, from the centre. The idea bears a singular resemblance to that illustrated by Mr. Dyer's single-line railway. A meeting of the Hunt Club was held at the Globe Hotel on Saturday evening, July 24, to reconsider the arrangementsjfor the Club races to come off in October. There were 21 members present, and Mr. W. K. Simms, M.P., occupied the chair. It was proposed by Mr. W. D. Fisher, seconded by Mr. E. Blackmore, and carried, "That handicapping be done away-with at the forthcoming races." Mr. E. M. Bagot proposed, and Mr. W. Blackler seconded, "That the first race be three instead of four miles," Mr. Blackmore proposed, as an amendment, and Mr. J. S. Turner seconded, " That the first race be four miles, as agreed at first meeting."" The amendment was Io3t, and the resolution carried. Mr. Bagot proposed and Mr. W. Blackler seconded, "That the second race be one and a-half mile race, in stead of two miles as proposed." Mr. Turner proposed, as an amendment, and Mr. Ward seconded, "That the distance be two miles." The amendment was carried. Mr. Turner pro posed, as a further amendment, and Mr. Low seconded, " That the weights be Ladies', Purse I weights, but that allowance he made as to sukjot, horses, and that the standard height be 14| ' hands, andthat 6 lbs.-per inch be allowed for! althbrses uhderthat'hmgKl:.j'"-^arried>\,-^Ir.' Goslin proposedy and Mr. G.'-?S. PriCe^seconded^ " That all horses'to be-'qualified to:ntert.rin thai two-mile flat race shall jump a three and a-half feet hurdle to the satisfaction-.of the .,'Ste.wards. I previous to starting in the race'; if after three ' trials the horses refuse, to be disqualified." Carried. Proposed by Mr. Bagot, seconded by Mr. -Maloney, and carried, " That the third race be. a two-milerace, and the conditions the same as'for the first race." Mr. Bagot suggested, and the proposal was adopted, that the nomina tions take place on the Thursday before the 15th August. ] On Saturday evening "Colleen Bawn" was played at the Theatre Royal, Mr! Mansergh taking the part of Myles ha Coppaleen. TJie only feature in his representation of the cha racter calling, for any decided commendation was the preservation of the Hibernian dialedt. There was a singular lack: of spirit and earnest ness in some of the most striking parts .of Myles's share in the drama, and in particular the . scene where '.he endeavors to evajle the priest's " searching : questions respect ing _ the shooting of Danny "was"; clipped j in its dimensions, • wanting - in expression, and generally faulty. -He was not master of j his part 'either,.-: and discovering- ;omissions, or having thein discovered/to him, he once ,or twice brought in snatches of the dialogue in the wrong place. - One or. two /songs"- were applauded, though they appeared, to ihe delivered under the influence of- the severe;frosts/we have, recently, j experienced;- . Miss Stoneham's.Ann; Chute was about the least-successful of her impersonations on the Adelaide- stage.; There was sprightliness andarchness enough;butithe representation-was wanting in the ease of . manner,1 dignity, and Jiaut I ■' on appropriate to the' character.; The remainder of the cast was, with the exception of the snb stibution.of Mr. Munro for .Mr. Lawrence as Hardress Cregan, the same as on the former ] occasion of the piece being,prod.qped-.tfejftseason.; Miss Juno's Colleen, was a beautiful piece of acting, and Rather Tom .and Danny Maim were skilfully represented by -Mr. Hill and. Mr Streeton respectively. Mr. Musgrave was effi cient as the villain of .the plot, and rMrs. Stone ham acted Mrs. Cregan very fairly. Mr. Munro showed a' very.- imperfect conception Of Hardress Cregan, and. spoke of the probar bility of the Colleen'. " doing herself some mischiefs": with a most remarkable sang froid: Mr. BatBon's Kyrle . Daly, and Miss Norman's Sheelah; were fair- specimens of burlesque, and were, received, with grekt laughter. On the curtain falling .there was vociferous applause, and Misses Juno, Stone-' ham, and Mr. Mansergh .eame.heforethe curtain' and were welcomed'.with immense . applause; the Colleen receiving offerings, of bouquets.; The farce of "Paddy. Miles's Bgy".folio wed, and created great amusement. To.-night Mr. falter Montgomery will appear ;as.Hamlet," - and will be supported by the whole, strength of the company.-'r - Saturday's meet of the Adelaide Hunt Clnb was at the Halfway House on the Bay- road' at .the usual .time, a.-field of:about 50 putting in an appearance,. There was a large gathering of spectators to witness the throw-off. The weather was delightfully fine, and the after noon's sport of a very exhilarating description. A drag having been laid, for several miles, the. dogs .were,soon-laid on the scent, and went .away inerrily through a fenced paddock oppo sitethe public- house; out'again over the fence and'across the road over some, sections, inter sected by drains, "to Crozier's fence, coining out by the.Morphett Arms, recrossing' the Bay-, road and on to the Reedbeds, where "the veteran, dingo had at the end of the drag been unbagged or uncarted;" and having been lustily tallyhoeB,' made, excellent: running for a.couple of miles, and was ■ then - caught, by the hounds1 and wpuld have this time; been made " dog's meat" of had j not the harriers been whipped off.; - Another drag was laid over about, three miles of country, when at the finish, a .-possum from a gum- tree was ready to regale the dogs, which they seemed ] to enjoy, mightily, malgre: the" gummy taste of the vermin. The first run was really enjoy-, able, a distance of nine miles having been taken ] at the-canter without a check, three stiffish fences and drains being the . 6nly-obstacles that had to be.surmounted by" the field. A gentle-, man on WMtefoot caused amusing annoyance during a portion of the run by usurping, willy I hilly, the functions of' the blaster by taking charge of the bounds; but-the'run being oyer the Master's'iiatural anger" was mollifiedby the ] offending gentleman explaining that he was un- ■ accustomed to, public sporting, and that he had no control over his horse's . movements., - Under ) these circumstances the Master, who had already expressed himself very forcibly, administered a simple admonition to be more careful for the future, followed by the advice that a horse wij;h a less spirited temperament would be more suited to the seat and' hand of the aspiring Nimrod. There were' present, with few ex-.' ceptions, the same gentlemen of the Club as at the last meeting. Mr. Williams. of Tatlersall's,. on Toptborne, being also noticed as being pre sent. Mr.' Morris (Aide-de-Camp) on Pastinae rode remarkably well, and 'took*; the fences in gallant 'style, as also Mir. Low on Leap Year. The Master (Mr. R. Blackler) on Priam alto - showed that his horse had not forgotten, his cunning at that sort of thing. . Mr. De Lissa on Morna was noticed taking the jumps steadily, as were likewise Messrs. Bingwood, Bacon, Seth Perry on Gipsy Girl, somebody on Curlew, Captain B, .Douglas on Fra Diavolo, W. T>. -Fisher on Gipsy, Maloney on Oyster Giri, Oliver un Jolly, Boy, Boase on a goo'd scamp bf horse,, a" darkie . on., Holland's Clodhopper, Mullins on' Lightfoot, Messrs. Blackmore, Foote, Alford, Smith, and several others. Mr. Henning, as usual, followed the line of hunt in his drag drawn by a pair of fast trotters, and managed to get. in at . the take a few minutes too late, when he immediately kindly com menced to dispense something stronger than aqua purse, (and quite if not more acceptable.. There were only a couple of bursters; no damage resulting from either. A kangaroo ,is promised for next hunt; - ' •; The following extraordinary ghost story is from a recent number of tbe Burran gong Argus; New South-Wales:—"In these enlightened times i t seems almost an absurdity to talk about ghosts making their appearance, but the following statement of what has be fallen three respectable :men residing- near Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as being no hoax. The three men | referred to .'are splitting- posts and rails for fencing at a place about four miles from Young, near the Three-mile and- the old Duffer Rush. Tho fir-nt. -f-fmo -thfiv saw anvthincr unusual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when they were much startled by s^sing in the bush near their hut a white: object the size of a cat, but of no particular form." Thisextraor dinary-looking'object suddenly before their, eyes Bprung up into a white spe'ctre about eight feet high.1 They called out to it, but could get no reply, struck it with a stick, and it sounded I hollow.: It also chased two of them one way, and one -another. On another : occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour on a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and, upon one wakiDg up during the night, he was much surprised to find that the whole of the roof of the hut had been removed. On looking out they saw the spectre, but mo one else was about, and they are all quite sure that neither on this or the former" occasion was it either a man or a woman. Its suddenly rising before their-eyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite dumbfounded. them. Another night they were much surprised at seeing a strange, unearthly- looking animal somewhat re sembling a dog, with a long^ chain attached to it. This animal came right in front of the hut, .and commenced grinning at them, but made no noise, either by barking or otherwise, save the occasional rattling of his chain. As the animal would not go away, one of the men (who w;as a good shot) loaded a gun and fired the contents direct at the brute, but the shot took no effect upon it. The dog, or whatever it was, remained for some considerable time. On another; night the dog seemed to have returned, fwr they heard- the rattling of a chain and a noise like • what a dog would make when licking a plate, " Upon looking outside, they saw that a j>late which had becn^lafetjMj! motion, but they could 'n^see^ym caused"lit to he so, although they amild, wb®*> l(wkii^? distinctly hesufthe sameii®^ described aboyeip'iThey watdbed ^iP: for;«6in«^MneJ tgp| plate .being kept in motion, and-thSkf^oise betijjjt; distinctly heard as if the'platewas bfang lickeqi by 'some animal. On Sunday last these' mexr^ '"came into Young, and upon one of theoi returff?. ingin the evening he found that the door of the hut had been pulled down, and^its contents brought outside and left there. - Two out of the three men are well known to us, and we feel confident that what we have stated may be relied upon as the truth. A shepherd told* these men that some time ago-two men who were splitting there quarrelled, and one killed the other, with an axe, and afterwards fell a tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordi nary for the murdered man's ghost to'make its appearance. The men will most likely be in town to-night, when we shall hear further par ticulars, which we shall not fail to give in our next issue." T- - 