MAITLAND CIRCUIT COURT. Tuesday, 26th October. Before Mb Honor Mr. Justice Cueeke and a special jury of twelve. SCHOLEY V. ECKFORD. This was an action for slander by Stephen Scholey against Joseph Eckford, to which the latter had pleaded the general issue, not guilty. Sir James Martin, Q.C., Mr. Windeyer, and Mr. Wis dom, instructed by Messrs. Thompson and Figou, appeared for the plaintiff; and the Attorney- General and Mr. Darley, instructed by Messrs. Mullen and Gorrick, for the defendant. Jury: Mr. Georjre Vindin, J.P., of West Maitiand (foreman); Mr. George Weaver, of Anambah; Mr. Falkner Hope Bartlett, of Richmond Yale; Mr. Edward Weller, of West Maitland ; Mr. Charles F. Stokes, J.F., of Newcastle; Mr. Charles B. Ranclaud, J.F., of St. Rowan's, Newcastle ; Mr. Charles Hynd Capper, of New castle; Mr. Walter Scott, J.P., of WaUalong ; Mr. Mark Simmons Christian, of Morpeth ; Mr. George Wyndham, junior, J.F., of Fern Hill, Maitland; Mr. John Henry Cobb, of Anambah ; and Mr James Nixon Brunker J.F., The declaration contained eix counts. The first count alleged that the plaintiff being, at the time of the slander complained of, Warden of the District Council of Mait land, the defendant falsely and maliciously spoke of and concerning each plaintiff, and of and concerning the conduct of the latter as such Warden, as follows :— ' Sheridan, the secretary, and the Warden, have combined to take away my liberty- This conspiracy was got up at Mr. Wallace's house. I know it, for I saw the Warden going there. Wallace, Sheridan, and the Warden were the conspirators to take away my liberty The charges made against me are false. The Warden knows them to be so, and he is actuated by malice.' The words declared upon in the second ceunt as slanderous were the following : — '1 intend to unmask one of the greatest villains that ever lived. The Warden has made the falsest statement that has ever been made. I still state that the Warden and Sheridan gotupthess trumpery charges to take away my liberty, and tie Warden allowed Sheridan to see the vouchers in thin nffinn in nninf fa rat nn the nharpPR. The Warripn'A conduct was cowardly, treacherous, and unfeeling, and it was a plotted affair between Sheridan and the Warden. To prove that the Warden is the false man, I say that he is, Mr. Foreter never told him to employ Mr. Thompson.' The words thus declared upon in the second count were, as well sb those set out in the first count, alleged to have been used ef and concerning the plaintiff individually, and of and concerning his office as Warden. There were 'innuendoes' attached to every expression. The allusion to a conspiracy to take away the defendant's liberty was alleged to mean that the plaintiff had conspired with Sheridan and Wallace to charge the defendant, falsely, with some criminal offence, in order to procure his imprisonment ; and that the plaintiff had allowed certain vouchers to bo ased for the purpose of oonoocting such false charge. The third and fourth counts were substantially the same as the first and second, except that the expressions declared upon were merely alleged to have been used of and concerning the plaintiff individually, and not of and concerning such plaintiff as Warden of the District Council of MaiUand. The fifth eount alleged the use of the follow ing terms 'of and concerning' the plaintiff, namely,— 'I hava found out that Scholey 'a history. Why, he has done a lagging at the Dement. I was told to- day, by a person who knew him, that he has done seven years in Tasmania ; and I now understand how it is that he was e» long away from his wife, and his baring to go to fetch her. The language Bet ont in the sixth and last count was the follow ing : — ' The deceitful wretoh. That* s only a blindfold. By G — I'll have my revenge. I'll lag him as sun as his name is Scholey. Between him and Wallace they have cooked the Council account* or books pretty well, entering moneys that they have never paid, and I can prove it, for I have a copy of all the documents from head-quarters ; and I can shew from them, that instead of me robbing the Government, that it is himself and young Wallace that has done it. He is one of the d ? st scoun drels in the colony, and I'll lag him before this day three months.' The terms declared upon in the sixth count, like those set out in the fifth, were alleged to have been used by defendant, ' of and concerning ' the plaintiff in his indi vidual capacity ; and there were innuendoes stating their presumed meaning. Damages were laid at £5000. The defendant pleaded not gnilty. The pleadings having been opened by Mr. Wisdom, Sir James Martin, Q.G., proceeded to open the plaintiff's case. The plaintiff, he stated, had emigrated to the colony thirty vears ago. He bad been Absent, on a visit to Europe, for some years ; but during the rest of the time had keen resident in New South Walea. He was well known in East MaiUand; had been for a long period Warden of the District Council. He hid also been en alderman of the Borough of EaBt MaiUand. Mr. Eckford, the defendant, was also a Warden of the District Circuit To that body had been entrusted tie expenditure of certain funds voted by Parliament. The superintendence of this expenditure was divided among the members of the Council. An ex penditure on the Wollombi Road, between West MaiUand and Cessnock, was to have been superintended by the Warden and Mr. Eckfopd, but by a mistake ef the clerk in recordingthevotcof the Council this duty was devolved upnn Mr. Eckford alone, tho name of the Warden bain? omitted. Mr. Eckford assumed the management of this matter. The Warden, however, in conssquence of information he had received visited the road, and made oertafa inquiries which convinced him that some ef i£b.e moneys charged by Mr. Eckford were not really expended. He brcught this matter before the Council, and the result was the transmission from that body of a report to the Minister of iiaade, the effect of which was to accuse Mr. Eckfard with hiving charged for persons whe were never employoS, or who were not em ployed for tie time alleged. This report was read at length by Sir James Martin. It has already appeared in the .Hera W, and will again fully tppearduringthe progress of the evidence. The report was a subject of dUenssion at meetings of the District Council ia January and February, and it was then that the slanders declared upon were uttered. The language, it was maintained, was, so far as it related to the charges against Mr. Eckford himself, not covered by any privilege ; inasmuch as, instead of containing any answer to this charge, it was a purely malicious retort upon Mr. Scholey. Ab to the assertions that Mr. Beholoy had been transported to Tasmania, this was moat clearly irrelevant and malicious. It would be proved by Mr. Bcholey himself that there was not one word of truth in this assertion. There could hardly be a greater atrocttv, it wii urged, than the utterance of ibeee (landeri. Tho chargo as (o transportation to Tasmania went, he was instructed, even further thin was plated in tbe declaration; to tho extent even that jJainlifl bad been lr»npported for an offence Bgainst nftturn. Such an atrocious eUnder ought, it was urged, to entail heavy dnmagCB. The learned gentleman further cninniciitol upon' the cueo, and concluded by intimating thut ho expected lie thould have an opportunity of addruBeing the jury again. Stephen Scholey was then called and exfimi'ned by Mr. Wisdtyer : I am, bestatid, the plaintiff (n this action; I arrived in this colony in 1841, in the tbipAdam Lodge ; I pnid my faro at Liverpool ; I Bin married and have a family ; ihey did ml come witn rue in the fret inetence ; I went 6n,t to Mr. John Neale, then n butehcr, of Sydney ; I had been af-prer ticed as a butcher ; I remained there about ten months ; 1 then went to Ewer and Cable, another firm in tho Enino bueineeB ; I afterwards went to other places ; after about four years I returned to my family in Eng land ; I came out again ia 1861, eUycd in Syaney a short time nndtben came to Newcastle ; (since then 1 have been in the Hunter River District ; it is not truo that I ever re rved a sentence in Tasmania (witneBB much affected) ; 1 sever raw Tasmania at all ; was never sentenced by ony Court ; thecc statements have ciiued mo great pnin and annoyance ; my family juincd me in 1864 ; I was first in the employment and then a parintr of Mr. Bi linker, and afterwards entered lunrjcff tn my own account ; 1 am now doing an vxt n eive bueineeB as a ehcep end cattle buyer, both on my own Account and as tbe agent of others ; 1 was eix years and ten mentis an aldcraisn of Eaet Majilanci ; hnvc been be tween tix and coven years in tho District Council ; I am now Warden, and have been to nearly two years ; my appointment as Wmdcn is by the Governor ; 1 know the defendant ; he is an old resident in the district, and was here when I came ; he is a Member of the Legislative Ammblv for the Wolloinbi, and a member of the District Council ; 1 knew him intimately for rears ; up to the time of this investigation about this Cessnock Koad, he was not unfriendly to me that I knew of; it became my doty ob Warden to make somo investigations about the Cessnock Road ; the first was about the Cih October last year ; in the course of this matter, I saw the Minister for Lands, Mr. Forster. (Question: Whether Mr. Foreter directed witness to employ Mr. Thompson objected te and disallowed.) After seeing Mr. Foster, I communicated with Mr. Thompson ; I sent in the report (to the Minister for Lands), which Sir James Martin read ; after the commencement of this investigation, and the Bending of ibis report, the defendant's manner altered towards me ; after that the defendant brought this matter up before the District Council; this was at the meeting of last January; the Council meets monthly; he said that Sheridan, Wallace, and I had combined, or conspired, to take away his liberty in getting up these charges, that he raw me go to Mr. Wallace's house, that my state ments were false, malicious, and unfeeling towards him ; and that I had made different state ments in reference to the caso of Israel; after going into some other matters he said that the Warden, Hughes the secretary, and Sheridan had concurred to take away his (Eckferd's) liberty, and that Sheridan had seen the documents in the office ; he said there had been more law expenseB Bince I had been Warden than under all the Wardens before me ; at the Treasury meeting he said he restated that Sheridan, Wallace, and I had combined together at Wallace's, to take away his liberty ; he eaid ho eaw me go to Wallace's ; he spoke of me as the Warden ; he said 1 had allowed Sheridan to see the vouchers in the office, and that it was false, malicious, and very unfeeling on ray part to allow the vouchers to be so Been ; on these occaeions there were present, Mr. Noble, Mr. M'Mahon, Mr. Keating, Mr. Eowden, and Mr. O'Brien; these were councillors ; there were many of the public thcie alfo ; I saw Mr. Gorrick and young Mr. Smithers there ; I am speaking of the second occasion ; on the first there were many men waiting for money, and a good few of others; on the second occasion Mr. O'Meagher was there, and Mr. (Mullen was in and out ; defendant said that he had seen Mr. Forster and had been told by the latter that he had never instructed me to employ Mr. Thompson ; he said that he made this statement to ehow that I was a false man ; he also stated, as a matter of fact, that Mr. Foreter had never authorised me to employ Mr. Thompson ; he eaid he intended to unmask one of the greatest villains that had ever lived ; that the Warden had made the falsest statements, and that he would prove they were false ; it is not true that I, Sheridan, and the secretary combined to take away his liberty ; I understood him to mean by this that he would be imprisoned if I could prove certain charges which we were getting up ; he said the statement we were getting up was false ; it is not true, as he eaid, that we knew (he charge to be false, or that we allowed Sheridan to see the vouchers in order to get up these charges ; I never allowed him to see the vouchers at all ; not for any purpose whatever ; it is tot true, as he eaid, that Mr. Foreter did not tell me to employ Mr. Thompson; Mr. Foreter did tell me to employ Mr. Thompson. A clerk in the Treasury (name not stated) was here placed in the box without being sworn, to produce paper?, but had not brought the report sent to the Government from the District Council. The original of this report, produced by Mr. Scholey, was, however, by consent, admitted. A number of other papers annexed to the report were produced and put in. Mr. Scholey then returned to the box, and was cross examined by the Attorney-General as follows : Mr Eckford and I were the best of friends before tho Cessnock road affair except something that came out afterward — thnt Mr. Eckford had used his interest with Mr. Cowper against me about a J.P.sMp, representing me te be an unfit person ; Mr. Neale had, without my knowledge, recommended me for the Commission of the Peace ; Mr. Eckford said that my illfeeling againsthim hod originated in his having opposed my nomination to the Magistracy ; I did not know of this opposition before ; I believe I had not before heard even of any nomination for the Magistracy, bnt will not swear it ; do not believe I hod heard of it before I heard the mattter named by Mr. Eckford ; my memory does not serve me ; my memory has been a blank for the last eix months, through this matter ; there was something with Mr. Eckford about some sale yards, but this was after the Cessnock Road business ; did not advise him to write a letter to Mr. Dodds ; do not know that he ever charged me with gross treachery for ad vising him to write a letter, and then opposing it ; a letter was taken by my boy for Mr. Eckford ; I do not know the contents, except that it had something to do with the sale yards, and about Mr. Chambers withdrawing his resolution ; I only fcnow the contents from what Mr. Eckford said ; I have eaid that I saw the letter ; I only meant that I eaw the outside ef it ; I spoke of this at the Mechanics' Institute, st a meeting of the Municipal Council ; it was, I think, on the 21th August, 1868; I and Mr. Eckford were good friends after that ; the first I heard of the Cessnock Koad matter was, I think, from Sheridan ; he is a man working on the road ; I went en the road on the C£h of 'October ; Sheridan then told me there were some strange goings on, that the men came when they liked, and went when they liked ; I think this was the first intimation I had from Sheridan ; I do not remember that I had had any conversation for a length of time; I went out to look at some cattle of Mr. Codell's near where the men were working, and I went to see the men : I had heard before this from Mr. Wallace that Sheridan was keeping a book of the men's time ; I went to the top of what was called the Yellow Hill or Bed Hill ; cannot remember what passed with Wallace when the latter Bpoke about Sheridan seeping a book ; nothing was said about keeping a watch to catch anybody ; there must have been other conversation which I do not remember ; there might nave been something said about Mr. Eckford ; Sheridan has been in my employment on that road for four or five years, off and on ; do not remember Wallace telling me what Sheridan was keeping the men's time for ; this was very ehorUy before the 4th of October ; it was about 3 o'clock in the afternoon when I saw Sheridan ; do not know that Mr. Eckford had told Sheridan he should never have another job on the road because he (Sheridan) had wanted to do some dirty thing, and to give Mr. Eckford 'his regulars' if he would consent ; saw Mr. Eckford after seeing Sheridan; I said something about orders Riven to Doran, and believe I men tioned what bhcridan had said, but I am not sure ; I went again Ton the 12th; left there about 6 o'clock, passing Sheridan on the road ; Moylan and Hensssy arrived at ten minutes past 7 ; no others came ; Mr. Eokford had gone to Sydney that morning; I came to Sydney; there might bave been a want of confidence motion in Parliament about that time ; Mr. Eckford may have been in Sydney on his parliamentary duties ; I sent up a telegram on tbe Friday night to have a meeting of the District Council called for the ensuing Wednesday ; believe this was a regular notice —three clear days ; I do not know that it Is necessary to give ten days' notice of extraordinary meetings or to advertise in the Gazette; I have never done bo ; the meeting was called about the Cessnock Rood business and other business; do not know of other business; think the CeBsnock Boap business may have been mentioned in the notice ; know Mr. Parkes; he ie a friend of mine ; I had seen Mr. Parties and told him of these things ; I told him Mr. Eckford had produced vouchers for £109 mere than Sheridan eaid had been earned by the men, and asked what 1 should do, as it was Mr. Parkes who had given me my appointment as Warden; I went down on Sunday, the 29th of November ; did not go down in October ; do not know when the want of confidence motion was ; Mr, Parkes was not a Minister of the Crown when I went down ; cannot say whether there was anything then going on about Mr. Parkes and the Kiama ghost, or any great question between the Government that was in and the Government that was ont ; the telegram was the 4th of December, and the day named for the meeting was the 9th ; do not know or remember that Mr. FarkeB was on that day to move a vote of want of confidence in the Bobertson Ministry; don't remember that such a matter was coming on about that time; will swear this ; never had a meeting on a Wednesday before ; Mr. Eckford was not at this meeting ; am not certain whe ther we passed this report about the Cessnock Raad at that meeting, or that it was brought up on that day ; it waB on the 12th October I went to the Cessnook Road ; Mr. Eckford came to tho office (tithe 26th with an order for £43 to pay tbe labourers ; I refused to give the cheque ; between the 12th and 26th I had seen hint at the sale yards at his own plaoe, and spoken to him about his abusing rue in reference to the East Mutland sale yards ; this was after he came for the cheque ; I had seen him in the interim, but not spoken to wn ; before the 26th, I had had an opportunity of speaking to him, but I did not think fit to do bo; it was after the 26th I spoke to him about abusing me in reference to the sale yards; I ;did not speak to him about having charged me with treachery ; what he said was mere abuse ; he became excited, and ac cUEed me of wishing to deprive him and his family of bread ; 1 told him 1 had a duly to perform towards East Maitland ; am rare this wa9 cot before tho 26th— that i,t wm Jtjt in August ; there was a ccmoifttee appointed about the rcv'ri I mnrio nbnut Israel and Kfnneally and tho Cenfnock Ro«d ; Mr. Noblo moved for tbo c immitteo— not at my tupgntlon, but probably in ounneqiien™ of whit I fanri Kiid ; tbo coxnmiUce were Mr. Bowdon, Mr. Keating, ULd m.M-ell ; Mr. Eckford was not there when I mado tho H«ti ii intwlich led to the appointment of tho committee ; 1 had EotFpi'licn to him; did not know that ho whs then nbn-nt Bt binjiarliauicutory dutict; ho may have been bo 1 limy have mentioned these matters tj eomc members of the Cuuncil tiiforc the meeting ; cannot say to whom ; the oon mil tee met as rood ab the meeting ef the Council was ovt r ; wo took Sheridan's account and Eck ford'a voicliors and made out a balance-sheet ; we had on account from Sheridan before us; it was -B the 27lb, when Mr. Eckford came for the cheque and I ihi-n obtained from him this memorandum (pro; duccd) ; this (produced) is in Sheridan's handwriting, and ie a cory of his booka ; it wub by comparing Sheridan's nnd Eckfoid'e accounts that we made out tho deficiency vkich we r- ported ; Iho committeo did not meet again, mr dirt it cxnuifne nny witneeees; on Thursday afternoan, the 29ih Oclubtr, loforo tho conimiltco was appointed, 1hcro were witnesses examined ; on tho 17th November, l)i rr.n wns examined, but I think I mai'e a report before he wrs examined ; I had this report entered on tho minutes nr.d i-i^neri it ; it ib very likely 1 asked tbe Commissioners tin n whether tbey would hear the report of the oommittec publicly or privately ; tbey agreed to receive tho report He report uus stated by me aud agreed to ; tho oommittee authorised tho report by sanctioning it after I had made it ; I hero wbb the balance sheet on the table, as well as my statement ; tbe committee hid not sanctioned my report before I made it; Mr. Keating indorsed my Ftntominte fo far as ho knew ; I suppose ho had inquired at veil as I did ; I have no doubt Mr. M'Mahon complained of Mr. Eckford not having had notice ; he hud no notice, hut eomc time between tho 26th and the date of this meeting when v/e epofce about the sale yards, I told him I had ceme to speak to him about something else, but that he would not bear me and therefore I rode away ; the comnii tee did not apply to Mr. Eckford for information ; they did not believe in asking him a single question, because they thought there was something very bad about the matter ; \re— the members of the committee— conversed about the matter -when we met each other, although we did not meet ee a committee ; Mr. Keating said, at Morpeth, that we bod better keep ourselves to ourselves as a com mittee ; the evidence taken before tbe Council proved nothing ; I don't know whether the day for the meeting was the very day for a want of confidence motion in Parliament; I may have known this at the time; did not fix the meeting because ef its being date of the want of confidence motion ; fixed the meeting after speaking to Mr. Parkes ; it is true that after my visit to Sydney this matter had been properly drawn up by Mr. Thompson, as reported by me to tie Council, but the committee had not met ; it was I who gave Mr. Thompson the instructions to draw up this document ; I gave him all those papers which are appended to the report ; I got them in the office ; I mentioned the matter to Mr. Keating and Mr. Bowden, and beth agreed to what I was going to do ; they agreed that I was fo assist Mr. Thompson in getting up the report ; Ur. Keating approved of my going to Mr. Thompson, but afterwards chanced bis mind and voted against it ; ths committee did net eee the report before I brought it up, but saw it on the table ; Mr. Keating and Mr. M'Mahon proposed, as an amendment, that the report should stand ever until next meeting, and that Mr. Eckford should be called upon for explanations ; feur councillors voted for the adoption of the report; the same four vsted against a motion by Messrs. Keating and M'Mahon, to have publication of this matter in the Maitland Mercury delayed until after next meeting; don't remember that I was aware that delay was called for in order that Ur. Eckford might explain ; it probably was so ; I voted against the delay because Mr. Eckford could have been there at that time if he had liked ; the next regular meet ing would have taken place in six days afterwards ; don't know that the matter had anything to do with tho want of confidence motion ; the report hod not gone when the sext meeting was held ; it was in Mr. Thompson's office ; Ur. Keating made some motion about (he delay ; I took the report down myself ; I showed it to Mr. Parkes before I took it to Mr. Forster ; Mr. Neale also saw it ; he went with me— sot as a deputation— we were self ?constituted ; the report was sent back, sot being signed ; I then signed it myself, and got some of tbe commijsioners to Eign it, and Mr. Hughes got others ; there were three others who signed with me— Messrs. O'Brien, Noble, and Bowden— the same who had voted for the report^ and sgainst delay of publication; think Mr, Keating was asked by Mr. Hughes to eign; Mr. Bowden had heard the report read ; he may bave said he signed because I said it w-is correct ; when complaints were made of my delay in send ing the report, the reasons assigned by me were as stated on the minutes — that I was desirous of having the report and the minute correspond, and the former embodied in the latter, and that I bad made further inquiries which showed the correctness of the report; Mr. Bowden also stated, I think, that he had made many inquiries; think he said he had made many inquiries, and could hear nothing of certain men — Avery, Thomas, and Anderson — this being what I had myself said; I had not mentioned these names in a former report — only one of them; Mr. Forster and Mr. Fitzpatrick advised me to sift out one party and follow up one track so as to be sure of my man ; I therefore named bat one; I asked Mr. Eckford, on the 16th of February, if he would tell the Commissioners where these three people lived or any of them, and what work they had done ; he said, ' You wretch, do you accuse me of rebbery ?' and laid hold of the candlestick as if he was going to throw it at me ; at the meeting before this I said to him 'I've not been convicted — I've not been lagged ;' 1 did not mesa to impute to him that he had put the money in his pocket which he hod charged for these men ; I never imputed anything to him— this document imputed it ; the statement of Sheridan and Mr. Eckford' e vouchers conveyed thiB imputation, whatever it was ; It was after Mr. Forster advised me to follow up one trail that I inquired about Thomas. [Tbe witness was examined on this report in detail.] I meant to impute nothing but what the documents imputed, and what I had Been with my own eyes; I only wanted to fix the truth; Mr. Foreter and .Mr. Fitzpatrick wanted mo to some the priscipal; I declined to do so unless Government gave me a guarantee ; I give you the state ment of Sheridan as it came to me f the witness repeatedly refused to Bay more than that he made just snch accusa tions as the documents showed] ; I did not pay Mr. Thompson, and never said I did ; when Mr. Eckford spoke of unmasking the greatest villain that ever lived, he referred to me ; I have no doubt of it ; he said two of the greatest aoemdrels, and I believe he meant me and Sheridan; this was on the second occasion— in February — I will swear to it ; on the first occasion he said this of Sheridan, and I tbisk of myself also; on the second occa sion he said it of me [minmtes referred to, and showed that Eckford was said to have referred to Sheridan, in January, as the ' scoundrel ' he intended to unmask} ; don't re member asking tbe reporter to take down the words as applying to myself, and Mr. Eckford replying that he meant Sheridan, but that if the cap fitted me I might put it on ; believe he xneast to refer to me then as well as to Sheridan ; in February he used the same words, simply substituting the team 'villain' for that of 'scoundrel,' and applying these words to me ; remember this well, because it was a very important matter ; saw a report ia the Mercury of the speeches at the meeting on 16th of February ; I did say that Eckford had endeavoured to shirk inquiry by preventing the committee from acting ; also accused him of inconsistency in having eulogised me as Warden when before he had represented me as unfit to be a magistrate. (Other parts of tbe report examined upon.) It is a mis take of the reporter as to my having said that I went to see Sheridan at Wallace's; Mr, Forster asked me who had been empowered in Israel's case ; I said Mr. Thompson ; he asked if he waB as good a man as could begot; I said tbat he was ; he then said that I ought to employ Mr. Thompson ; he bad previously said that he would send up some one if a good solicitor could not be got here. By Mr. Thompson: I did not say anything about his (Eckford' e) being lagged when he offered to throw the can dleetick at me ; when I spoke of lagging on a former occa sfon he was abasing me, and saying what a bad man I was; I then said, 'I never was lagged,' and he said, 'You won't say tbat outside;' he oame to one of the meetings with the Road Trust Act under his arm, and argued for a length of time that we had no right to appoint a committee to inquire about this road ; he did sot court inquiry in any way ; he rendered us no assistance when we were examining Doran; moBt certainly the inves tigation of these charges by the District Council were not fixed with reference to any want of confidence motion ia Parliament ; it is not usual to stay the businesB of the District Council when Parliament is sitting. By the Attorney-General: At the meeting when he quoted the Boad Trusts Act, Mr. Eckford expressed a hope that tbe committee would apply to him for any information they required, . By Sir James Martin: It was on the 17th that be objected to the committee ; he wanted to quash the com mittee, and, failing in that, he offered bis services. By the Attorney-General : These are the accounts (pro duced) from whicn the report was made up. Jcrhn Bowden : I am a farmer, residing near Maitland ; have been a member of the Maitland District Council nearly three years ; remember a meeting of the Council in January and enotber in February, at both of which Mr. Eckford made speeches about the expenditure of money on the Cessnock Road ; he spoke for about an hour and a naif each lime; there were many bystanders there ; it struck me it was generally known that Mr. Eckford was going to speak ; he spoke chiefly is reference to Mr. Scholey on both occasions; the character of the addresses iwas so similar that I can ecarooly separate the one from the other ; he Eaid that Scholey was a villain, and that he, and Sheridan, and 'Wallace were conspiring to take away his life asd liberty; balieve he said that this was done at Wallace's home, and that he had seen Scholey go there, bnt I am not sure of the f aot ; think he said that Mr. Scholey knew these charges were false, and that they had been brought because he had pre vented Mr. Scholey from becoming a magistrate ; he said he would put Scholey oat of tne chair, and the whole Council out of existence in a few weeks ; did not say how he would do this ; he said he would unmask one of the greatest villainB in the world, or something of that kind ; Scholey inquired to whom this referred, and Eckford re plied 'to you;' Mr, Eokford charged Scholey and the Secretary with allowing Sheridan to see the vouchers, so as to furnish the report of the men's wsrk ; there are six members of the council beside the Warden, and they were all present on this occasion; Mr. Eckford said that the parties referred to in the Touchers would be forthcoming some time, when tbey were wonted, and this impressed my mind \rfth a belief that then must be something wrong ; the character of Mr. Bokfora's whole address was abuse, andhe was very much excited ; tbe Warden was in the ehalr ; I called Eokftrd to crder, Trilling bin to (tick to the ex plunntiiiriR about tbo Cefenock Hoaii, and ho then abuBod me; I ihink he chnvpert Mr. Scholey with having gone tcjond hio duty in employing Mr. Thompson; the lan pHflR-e at Iho teennd meeting was nit quilo so strong, I think, us at tho fret, but was much to tbe same effect; I leftbeff.ro that meetiDg was over; Mr. Eckford appeared to have dncunifniB to rpcak from ; he hnd cither the report forwarded by the Cuuncil, or a copy'of it. By Mr. Darley : I was not there tho whole of the second meeting; I left on account of tbe abuse; I have no doubt about Eckfurd having said that he applied the epithet of ' the greatest villHin, ' &c.; fo Scholey ; the minutes of one meeting were read order and confirmed at the next. [MinuteB rend, in which it appeared that the term 'the prrBtef t rcoundrel that,' ever lived ' was applied to Sheri dan]. This is correct; he applied the same phrase to Schuley nlfo ; th' reporters of the Maitlanrt papers attend iIipfo meetirge; I hiive been a candidate for the munici paliiy ; tevcral people opposed me; Mr. Eckford opposed me, end was elected ; I have always had a truo honest feel in p (owurdu Mr. Eckford ; I was one of the committee unpointed in this matter; wo mot that meeting after Council ; wo examined tho vouchers of Mr. Eckford and Shei idan'fi accounts ; we were about two hours doing this ; (ho con miltcc did n»t, ttriclly epealiing-, meet again as a commitfeo, liut wo all met ia the street next day, and had tome conversation ; we did n»t meet ogam ; na\v Sheridan ; fpoke to him of the inconsistency between the vouchers nnd the account, find he snid, 'We— meaning, as I uader stood, the labourers and himself— had signed in blank ;' nt the meeting of the 17th November, there was a report by Mr. i-cholrv of what the committee had dq«e; it was reported verbally, and taken down on tho minutes ; saw the Council's report at the meeting, and read it over ; the report mis prepared by Mr. Thompson ; I think the com mittee had agreed that'Mr. Thompson should draw up the report ; there was some understanding to that effect ; Mr. Eckford vros not present when the report vros adopted ; it contained charges against Mr, KcMord, but, so far as I knew, they were nothing but the truth ; I considered them very grave charges ; they were not made behind his back, for be had an opportunity of attending the meeting as well as I had ; the minute as to my having nrged and voted far the immediate adoption of the report is correct ; I voted also that the report should be published forthwith, and not that, «s had been proposed, tbe Maitland Mercury should be requested sot to publish it until after next meeting. The trial was, at this elagc, adjourned until 10 a.m. on Wednesday. 