EXTRAORIDINARY OIROUMSTANOICES. WE take the following from the Burran. gotng Argua of Saturday; it roads remark. ably " sensational," but is treated of soriously by tho journaliist - In thoese onlghtened timues it seems al. most an absurdity to talk about ghosts making their appearance, but the tollowing statemont of what has befallon throe rospactablo men residing near Young 'is authentic, and may be relied upon by our roadors as being no hoax. The three men ireoforrod to are splitting posts and rails for fonoing at a placo about four miles from Young, near the Thlroe.mile and old Dulffer Itgsh. The first time they saw anything unusual was on oone moonlight night, about throee weeooks ago, rwhen they were mueh startled by seeouing in the bush nlear their hut, a wil.o object about the size of a eat, but of no particulhr bform., This extraordi. nary looking objeot suddenly boefore their *yes sprung up into a whito spectre about1 eight feet high. .They called out to it, but could get no reply, struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also.chased two of thonm one way, and one another. On another occasion they retired to bed at the isual hour on a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and, upon one waking up during the night, he was much surprised to find that the whole of the'rooi of the hut had been removed. On looking out they saw tho.spectro, but no one else was about, and they are all quite Buro that neoither on this or the former occasion was it either a man or a woman. Its suddenly rising before their eyes from a more no. thing to a height of eight feet quite dumb. ounded them. Another night they were much surprised at sooing a strange, un ?arthly-looking animal somewhat rosembh. min a dog, with a long chain attached to it. This animal came right in front of the hut, and commenced grinning at them, but made no noise, either by barking or other. wise, save the occasional rattling of his chain. As thel animal would not go away, ono of the men (who was a good shot) loaded a gun, and fired the contents direct at the brute, but the shot took no effect upon it. The dog, or whatever it was, ro. niained for sonime consilerablo time. On anotheor night the dog ecomed to havo re. turned, for they heard the rattling of a olhain and a noise like what a dog would mako whon licking a plato. Upon looking outside, (hey saw that a plate which had been loft there was in motion, but they could not see what caused it to be so, although they could, while looking, di?s. tinetly heaour the same noise described above. They watched it for some time, the plate being lept in motion, and the nolso being distenetly heard as if the platoe was being licked by some animal. On Sunday last those men came into Young, and upon one of them returning in the evening he found that the door of the hut had boon pulled down, and its contents brought outside and left there. Two out of the men are well known to us, and we fooeel confident that what we have stated may be rolled upon as the truth. A shop. herd told those men that some time ago two men who weroe splitting thore quarrel. led, and one killed the other with an axe, and afterwards folla tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordinary for the mur. doered man's ghost to make its appearance. The men will most probably be in.town to.night, whon wo sheliall hear further parti oulars, which we shall not fail .to giveo in our next issue. 