MELBOURNE. : Thursday, 1 p.m. The debato da the soeond reading of Hr. Grant's new Land Bill was again adjourned, and it is not ezpeoted.that it will conoludo to-night. < Tho trial of Levinger for participation in the-late murder of Polynesians on the high seas has com* monced. The prisoner I'B defended by Messrs. Fellows and Ireland. Messrs. Eltorshank, Eaglestone, and Oo. report thal: 1100 cattle and 12,000 sheep were yarded thia week. Primo teef at 303. por 100 Iba. ; 54 lb. weathers at 14s, 8 p.m. The preliminary examination of Woigart, supposed to have been conncoted. with tho murder of Bridget Lynoh, has been again adjourned, tho accused being remanded for a week. In tho Criminal Court three witnesses have been examined in Levinger's case, and tho trial stands ad- journed until to-morrow. The dobate on tho Land Bill is proceeding. iPROPOSED MEAT PRESERVING COMPANY. a num- ber of gentlemen interested in pastoral pursuits met yesterday afternoon, at Messrs. Barton and Melbado's office, Pitt-street, to consider the advisability of form- ing a meat preserving company. Mr. Burt was called to the chair. Among those present were the Hon, John Robertson, the Hon. Alexander Campbell and Messrs Rundle, G. M. Pitt (of Windsor), Beit, Hale, Mann, J. Joubert, W. Barton, Melhado, Dr. Reid, Judge Francis, and others. The chairman stated the object of the meeting, and called attention to the success which had attended the operations of the meat preserving companies in Victoria, on the Clarence River in this colony, and at Rockhampton in Queensland. After statements and descriptions had been given of various processes for pre- serving meat, by several of those present, Mr. Barton read a paper showing the necessity for a move- ment of the kind proposed, and the grounds for ex- pecting success. The reduction of the price of wool, the rapid increase in the number of sheep, the waste of what might be turned to account by boiling down, were urged as reasons for attempting to preserve meat for the European market. It was believed that a minimum of 10s per sheep might be secured instead of 5s. The annual deficiency of animal food in the United Kingdom ie estimatod at 3,551,000,000 lbs., equal to 70,880,000 sheep. And the prejudice of the British public against Australian preserved meat is now giving way ; and they are responding to the overtures made from Melbourne and Sydney Mr. ?'All of Houndsditoh, London, sent word that be had orders to the extent of 630,000 tins of 41 bs tin at 6d a lb.-The Chairman said a gentleman who thought much to be done by extract, had obtained from a 601bs. sheep l3lbs. extract at 1s., 10lbs tallow at 4d., and 1s. for the skin, making 17s 4d. for a 601bs. sheep. (Cheers.) -Mr. Melhado called attention to the object of the meeting. They did not at present propose to limit the company to any particular process. The company, when formed, could adopt whatever process seemed to be the best. The brokers pledged themselves that it should cost nothing to those who joined, unless the company were carried out. After some remarks by Dr. Reid, Mr. G. M. Pitt defended the practice of boiling-down as, for the time, a most satisfactory one. Let them not throw away the old shoe till they had got another. At present the market was very low, and it was therefore a good time to start a company. Mr. Turner then moved the appointment of a pro- visional committee to draw up tho prospectus nf a meat-preserving company-such commLt.tflp to consist of Mr. Gurt, tho Hon. John Robertson, tho Hon. A. Campbell, Dr. Reid, Messrs. Massie, Rundle, Forlongo, Melhado, Beit, and Turner. Tho motion was seconded by Mr. Beit and carried unanimously. THE PUBLIC CHEST OF QUEENSLAND-The Queens- lander says there is a rumour fibroid that Wilkie, recently convicted of embezzling Government funds, has made a dean breast of all he knows concerning tho peculations of the hitherto privileged plunderers of the unfortunate people of Queensland. Inquiry is on foot, and not a fow of tha " lights of society," it is said, will be " wanted" shortly. STOLEN PBOPBRTT.-Tho detective polioa yesterday succeeded in tracing the whereabouts of a largo quantity of stoltn property, and in capturing a man against whom suspicion points very strongly as having been concerned, with others, in the several burglaries by whieh the goods were obtained. ANOTHER PBOHISINO YOUTH.-A second oase of assault within the precisóte of tho Water Police Court tock place yesterday. The steward of the snip Forfar- j shire was charged with having absented himself without leave, and was sentenced to a week's imprison- ment. This evidently annoyed the gentleman, who, as he was boiag conducted from the oourt, " pitohed into" tho third mate of the vessel in a very violent manner. This conduot brought him into the dook again, and ho was at once treated to a further penalty of two months in Darlinghurst, a sentence, however, which he seemed to consider as a very trivial matter indeed. ACCIDENT.-Mr. Loader, of Ohoapside Houses, has i sustained somewhat severe injuries by being thrown out of his dogcart, when returning from Randwick yesterday. Though no serious apprehensions aro en- tertainer!, the injuries are such as must prevent his being about for a few days. DEATH FROM BURNING.-About half-past ll o'clock yesterday morning, a little girl named Eleanor G. Twohig aged three years and a half, daughter of Charles Twohig, of Gipps-street, Paddington, died from the effects of burns received on Monday night last. It appears that the child was in bed when some of her children took a doll to the bed to show it to her. By some means the bcd curtains were set alight by a candle, which one of the children held. The curtains and portions of the bed clothes were soon in a blaze, and the unfortunate occupant of the bed was severely burnt before she eas rescued from tho flames. Dr. Nolan was called in, and attended the suffering child till her death. A RUNAWAY Honan KILLED.-Liât evening a horse, which had evidently broken away from a buggy, for the shafts still held to the harnees, galloped furiously down King-street from the direotion of the Immigiation Barracks. A milkman's cart was drawn across tho street, opposite Mr. Wangenheim's cafe, and the frightened animal rushed full tilt against it, capsizing the driver from his seat, and smashing its own skull. Tho poor brute at once fell down dead, PUTBID FISH.-Some few weeks ago, Mr. Seymour, the Inspector of Nuisances, in the eoureo of his duty visited tho Circular Quay, and found there two cart- loads of fish belonging to a Mrs. Moseley, who was then about to sell or had sold it to tho dealers, t er ceividg that it waa unfit tor human food, ho poized it, and had it convoked to tho Water Police station. It was then oonderaned, and a few days afterwards Mrs. Moseley was fined ' £10. Application was, however, made to a Judge in Ohambers for a writ of prohibition to slay the proceedings agaioat defendant, and several grounds were taken in support of this applioaiion. The clause of the City Commissioners' Powors Extension Act, undor whioh such seizures havo been mode, refers to the finding of fish unfit for human food in any house, shop, building, "or othor place." His Honor Mr.Jus'ico Hargravo held that tho Circular Quay was not euch a place as came within the meaning of the Act, and the prohibition was granted. The decision Bhotild induce the city authorities to seek authority to deal with those cases. COAL von BATHUMI,-Tho country in tho vicinity ef Bathurst is singularly fortunate in being enriohed with abundant coal deposits, whioh, when the Great' Wastorn Railway ia furthor oxtended, will, doubtless, be worked to an oxtent scaicoiy anticipated oven by the sanguine and enterprising. We aro informod that' the deliverance of an official report is to the effect that our coal, for steaming purposes, is equal to tho Wolah; and it is confidently Btatcd that on tho opening of tho line to this town our townspeople will be supplied at from 10i. to 12a. per'ton,' If the Government roduco carriage rates coal will bo brought within tho reach of all, and fiting expenses, which, with our ssmi-arotio winters is no light matter, will bo materially curtailed. -Bathurst Timoa. . . *,. J Parian or WALES Orana. Honan.-This evening, Mr. Henry Talbot takoi a benefit, sud will appear as Sir Giles Overreach in Massinger'a celebrated tragedy of " A Now Way to Pay Old Debts." Tho strength of tho company will, on thia occasion, be supplemented by tho services of Mr. H. Stewart, whoso comía imper Bonations .have, during, tho Jagt , nino years, aohieved for him so great a reputation in Victoria. Ho will play Pygmalion Bonnofoi in "Tho Model of a Wife," and Pat Byan in the " Irish Tiger." So attrootivo ami diversified a bill will, doubtloss, attraot a large andienoe; and it ii certainly no less than Mr. Talbot's duo, who has, notwithstanding ill health, laboured so arduously to entertain the publio in the high class performances during his engagement hero. PATBIOTIO ASSOCIATION'S CONCERT.-Tho second concert of tho Patriotio Association, which came off lost night at the Victoria Theatre, was in every respeot a most triumphant success. The theatre was orowded to excess in every part, and large numbers of persons wore unable to obtain even standing room. Thanks, howover, to tho exertions of the President and other officers of the association, who wore moBt assiduous in attonding to tho com- fort of the audience, most of tho ladies were enabled to obtain seats, those gentlemen who had secured dress cirolo soats, with few exceptions, vacating them in favour of tho fair sex. By tho time the concert com- menced, that p-rtion of tho house presonted such an aspoot as has not often beon witnessed in this or any other theatre in this city, being crowdod from ene end to the other with ladies, The programme, although lengthy, was a very attractive ono. comprising a variety of vocal and instrumental muBio and recitationo-, all of whioh wore deliverod in admirable stylo, and were highly appreciated by the audience The orchestra , whioh comprised thirty-five performers, was led by Mr. John Deane-Mr. W. J. Gordnor officiating aa musical direotor; and they rendered the overtures to " Don Giovanni," and tho " Soige of Roohello," with much artistic execution. Three notional songs diversified tho selection of vocal music-" The Southern Oross," written and sung by Mr. O; W. Bayner; 'Australia," eung by Mr. Vincent T, Bttshelle; and "Tho Austra- lian Stockman,'' written and sung by Mr. C. W. Bayner ; all of which wera rendered with mueh feeling and power. Among tho oiher more highly appreoiated per- formances were tho iluot "Easciami," sung by Miss Kosten end Mrs, W. J. Cordner, both of whom «ero in excellent voice, and achieved their usual success, the song " Pilgrim of Love," sung by Mr. Skinner, an amateur; the ballad " Kathleen Mavourneen," very sweetly rendered by Miss Kosten ; the comio song " Have you scon tho Ghost," spiritedly per- formed by Mr. G. Bussell ; tho ballad, " I cannot mind my wheel, mother," sung wiih great vocal beauty by Miss James; and Wallace's favourite air " No, my courage," rendered by Mr. H. Gooch. Signor Ugo Dovoti's performance, ef course, formol a special feature, in tho entertainment. He sang" Tutto o Seiolto" from La Sonnambula, and took part in tho duet " Parigi O cara," with Miss E. Kosten, the former of which was encored. Some recitations delivered by Mr. H. Driver, Mr. Sinclair, and Mr Howoll wore a'eo well received, as was a violin solo performed by Mr. Greenfield, an amateur. Tho now National hymn "Australia haili'' bj Mr. _ C. S. Paeker, rendered by tho Patriotio Association with tho orchestra, which is a composition of considerable merit, and harmonises very melodiously, brought tho concert to a termination, BKCITATIOKS AT MB. CANE'S SCHOOL -Tho pupils at Mr. Alfred Cane's school, Stanley-streot, celebrated the conclusion of the half-year's labours and tho coming of tho mid-winter holidays, yesterday evening, by a most entertaining Berits of recitations, Tho affair was very well managed ; and the attendance of parents and friends was large. Tho programme com- prised a variety of piece?, pathetic and gar, all of which wero creditably recited. " Dollars and dimes," recited by Hush; "The Spartan lad," by Roberts; "'lingen on tho Rhine," by Marsh; "The glove and the lions," by Leader; and "Lady Clare," by Spiegel, were specially admired. But the chief amusement was afforded by two dramatic performance, "Littlo Daisy," a tale of tho escape of the Princess Henrietta, daughter of Oharles I., from a party of Roundhoad soldiers, and ?' Doing my Unelo," a farco abounding in fun. All played their several paris well. Tho character of Littlo Daisy was admirably sustained by Edgely, and that of Sergeant Langdale by M'Cure. In tho conoluding farco, Cargo acted the part of th<> Unelo, Timothy Crusty, E;q., with much opirit; E. Mooro, as Grimy tho maid of all work, afforded great amusement ; while Mailer and Sohiodol skilfully performed the paris of Susan Tucket tho good natured milliner, and Jessie Hopeful tho young wife of tho discarded, and, in tho end, restored nephew. Tho company wore loud in their plaudits. When tho programme had been played out, ihe pupils tnt titted thoir regard to Mr. Cano and Mrs. Cane, by hearty and repeated cheers. Mr. Cano acknowledged tho greeting in a few cordial words. Cheers wero given for tho youngsters, and tho com- pany broke up with warm expressions of gratification at tho overling's amusement, and a lively interest in the young aspirants to famo who had, under Mr. Cane's experienced and skilful management, afforded them much pleasure. INQUEST.-Tho Police Magistrate yesterday held nn inquiry at the Star Inn, corner of Pitt and Goulburn streets, toncbing the death of Mary Ann Fleming, lying dead at 408. Pitt-street. Tbomas Fleming deposed that he was a mariner, residing at 408, Pitt-street, and that deceased was his wife. Her age was about thirty-four years, and she was a nativo ot Sydney. She had left two childrèn by a former husband, and two by witness. Within tho last two or three years deceased complained of faintness when going to bed, and on Sunday last of a pain in the bead. Shs went and saw Dr. B2ÍI twico on that day, and he pro- scribed medicine for her, which she took. On Menday evening BIIC said that she was better, but on Tuesday complained of being worse No doctor saw her that day, and on Wednesday sbe was unable to leavo her bed. Dr, Bell saw and prescribed for lier about 12 o'clook, and she was then complain- ing of paias in her hoad, and was vomiting. After getting the medicine sha never spoke, but shortly after died in Dr. Bell's presence, Sbo was a temperate woman. Mary Ann Absolom stated that deceased had com- plained to her of pains in her head, and had said that Bhe was sure she should die suddenly. Her mother died of disease of the heart. William Bell, a duly qualified medical practitioner, residing in Pitt-street, deposed that on Sunday last, about noon, ho attended deceased, who complained of shooting pains in her head and neck. Sho was ner- vous and hysterical, attributing these symptoms to cold. She said that she had bad a few words with her husband during the week, and that ho had slapped hor head on eaoh side, her head coming into contact with the bed. Witness prescribed tor her, and told her to come over to his house in the ovenin¡r, whioh she did, and stated she was better. She said hoc husband was a sailor, and about to leave in the Aveca, and this seemed to distress her, and said Bhe could not bear to bo alono in tho hou»e, OB she had hoard a woman bad been killed thoro, On Wednesday tho 16th instant, witness was called by deoeased'd husband to tee ber, and on going he found deceased unwilling to talk orto tako anything, bat wished to be lott alone. Prescribed an aperient draught for her, with instructions to be informod how she was in tbe courso of two or three hours. From the symptoms of tho ouse witness did not anticipate a sudden dissolution, and was surprised an hour ofterwards to find her dying. Witness found hor on the floor, on hor back, and under tho bed, alive, but insensible. Assisted her husband to put her back on tho bed, and she breathod two or three times, ber heart beating violently, but not strong, for about a minuto, and then ceased its pulsations. Thero were no marks of violence en deceased's holy, and in tho ab'onco of a post mortom examination witness could not positively st tte tho cause of death, hut was of opinion that it resulted from somo orgauio disease of the heart. Tho «laps or blows whioh deceased stated hor husband had given, did not, in witness's opinion, accelerate her death. The Polico Magistrate found that deceased had died from natural causes. UNEARTHING} A SKELETON.-Mr. Edward L:oke, Dirty Swamp, writes to tho Bathurst Times as follows: -On tho 14th instant, whilo taking out an old stump, in ono of my paddocks, I found a human ekoloton about four feet from tho sutface, and immediately underneath the roots of tho slump. Tho skeldon lay at full longtb under tho roots, and tho skull bears somo resemblance to that of an aboriginal. Tue skull is in porfeot ' preservation, but thoro is n mark apparent, wbioh looks liko a fraoturo. The position of tho body would seem to indicate that tho remains are thoeo of a Europoan, ss ths remains of aborigines are generally plaoed in a crouohing position and rarely so far bolow tho surlaco I may mention that tbero was a house, for moro than twenty years, within a fow ftet of whoro tho >? kolo ton was found. Tho paddook in which tho ukoleton was dieoovertd his, for tho last twonty-llvo years, boen Under cultivation, 