SQUATTERS' TROUBLES. The Telegraph says:-?" The squatters cn the "tother side " the Murray have not in all cases had their lines cast in pleasant places. the readers of thePastoral Tumes are made ra6urnfulbytheircomplaints. Weextractafew paragraphs fiom that journal in order to assist our readers to realise the situation": '" I have halid a good many.years' experi ence (writes one correspondent) on the Upper Darling, and "I am sorry to say that I have not seen it in a worse, nor even in anything like the state it is in at the present -time. I may say that the country is in a very miserable condition all the way from Menindie up to Bourke, anid far beyond that, as far as I am able to learn. Thereare very few horses on the station fit to ride; or to *do any other sort of work. Working bullocks are dead and .dying, there being nograss or feed of any sort to sustain working cattle within any reasonable distance of water. Sheep were shepherded on most stations as long as they could be kept; and now they are, for the most part turned out to shift for them selves. There has already been very heavy losses on some stations, and many more may be expected. The full extent of loss will not be realised until the sheep. .are-.gheradt u agaln;' wflr 'e Ie er the per centage of los will be very great. For want of subsistence, of course sheep get gradually more weak every day, when they come into the river for water they in many instances get bogged and cannot get out, or drink and crawl up the bank and there lie down and die. On some stations they are so to be seen in hundreds, almost in every bend of the river." " On Tuesday last a large meeting of persons interested in pastoral pursuits assem bled at the court-house for the purpose of selecting sheep-directors for the district of Balranald during the current year. Each member of the meeting (and there were some twenty present, all large owners of stock) vigorously protested against the present ex traordinary intrusion on his run frontage of myriads of strange sheep, entirely consuming in their transit, like unto a plague of the true cicahe of the East, thegrass arid otherherbage. All present felt grieved that the grazier was not in some manner protected from this inun dation by the Act 30 Vie. No. 16, and they declared that 'free grass,' in lieu of being a mutual benefit, was fast becoming a mutual destruction. Cries of 'tax on travelling sheel' 'sheep district routes to be annually fixed by sheep district directors,' were received with applause, and a memorial to the hon. the Minister of Lands was drawn up, and signed by all the stockholders present, embodying the views of the meeting, and praying protec tion after the manner proposed, or any manner that would secure.unto the grazier the grass for which he pays in this district so heavy a rent. No sooner has scab, that great bugbear to the pastoral interest, expired (at least for the present), but another bugbear springs up, almost as great in the shape of' free travelling stock.' The rapid increie of sheep has caused this to become an evil, and it is an evil that must be at once grappled with and checked by legislation, otherwise fat flocks will dis appear, and fat herds will become like unto the lean kine of Pharaoh." A correspondent of the Bendi.o Indepen: dent tells the following story of Spring Creek -" Having occasion to call on an oldacquain tance, he tapped at the door, and a faint voice desired him to go round to the back. He did so, and espying a door half open he went in, when his eye rested upon a coffin. Behind the door, sitting down with his head resting upon his hands, was a man emaciated and al most ghost-like in appear nce. To the gentle man's sympathising inquiry the man replied that he had buried his wife a few days pre viously, that the coffin in the room contained the remains of his son, and that he felt that in a few days he should himself 'drift out to that unknown sea which is round all the world.' He ascribes the death of his wife and son, and his own illness, to the effect of inhaling the all-pervading and horrible dust of the diggings, and our informant says that the last time he saw his acquaintance (a few weeks back) he was as hale and hearty a man as he would wish to see." AroLoGr on A HAT.-An American editor thus advertises his missing hat :-" The gentleman who inadvertently took our new beaver, and left an inferior article in its stead, will do us infinite kindness by returning ours, and he shall receive our warmest thanks and. two apologies-an apology for the trouble we have given him, and the 'apology for a hat' he has left us." Is it a sign of a revival of interest in our Mechanics' Institutes, that loth at Geelong and at Sandhurst it is proposed to hold fine art exhibitions in aid of the funds, and that in each case the proposal has been received with favor (7) Where lies the blame when in stitutions from' which so much was once looked for are.suffered to languish and drag out a hand to mouth existence from year to year 1 Are thecommittees deficient in energy, or are the young men of our town too fond of fast life "to relish books, lectures and self- culture Suppose the several institutes in the colony were to associate themselves together for. the purpose of mutual assistance; interchange of books and procuring lectures ; might they not be expected to find strength in the union 1 Or suppose that Mr. Bindon's scheme of indus trial and technological education were to" be launched sucessfully, and lectures.were to be delivered periodically in Melbourne and in other localities throughout the country, for the purpose of diffusing useful information on the practical details of such arts and manufactures as are at present, or may hereafter be, carried on in the colony, ought'not the system to be out in connection with the institutes already established; and might we not hope that it would prove a.means ofputting new life into them ALPHABETICAL LIST OF REASONS FOR GETTITiG DMARRIED.-A man gets married from ambition, from blindness, from cunning, from devotion, from ebriety, from folly, from giddiness, from heroism, from idiocy, from jauntiness, from kindness, from love, from malice," from nonchalance, from obstinacy, from pigheadedness, from quarrelsomeness, from raggedness, from spite, from toadyism, from utilitarianism, from virtue, from want, from (unknown quantity) youth, from zany= jsm. There is a story of a man who got married becaiuse he inherited a four-post bed stead, and of another man who got married becaase he had bought a piece of silk cheap at a sale, and wanted a wife to give it to. SaALL Pox.-The Age says :-Dr. M'Crea is not silenced yet. He now retracts his ad mission, tardy as it was, that small-pox had been spread in the colony by' the landing of the mate of the Avonvale. He retires to his old position strengthened with two fresh cases, one from the Loddon, 117 miles from Mel bourne, and the other from Fitzroy. The patient on the Loddon is a poor little boy, Nwho unfortunately cannot be dragged down to the Royal Park. Dr. 1M'Crea has not seen him but receives a report from alocal physician who finds the 'case to be a most surprising one of rash, corresponding with all he has read of the small pox cases in Melbourne. By a most unfortunate coincidence, the boy's sister went from Fitzroy to see him at the beginning of the year, or about a month before the erup tion broke out. The girl, we are told by Dr. M'Crea, has not had smallpox, so of course she could not carry the infection. What is the inference ? The disease' is varioloid, at tributable to "atmospheric and telluric in fluences"-a rather vague explanation to the general public, but perhaps clear: enough to the scientific mind. The second case is even more convincing. The patientis one of those whom Dr. M'Crea sent to the Royal Park W mselfirk ~ ef r to -ethr1,.- n, ;ul ofis mecale n retrsren. THo case occurred in Fitzroy, and the unhappy patient became subject to the " atmospheric and telluric in fluences" while walking in a straight line backwards and forwards from his home to business in Swanston-street, never diverging from his course to visit the forbidden shades of the Royal Park or the tempting precints of the Immigration Hospital in West Mel bourne. Yet he has it. The case is clear. Varioloid is the word-and after all what more does the dispute resolve itself into than one of words? Suppose a man to be afflicted with all the inconveniences attending small pox or varioloid ? Whether it is traceable to the mate of the Avonvale or to "atmospheric and telluric" influences ? One thing, how ever, we cannot help remarking it is singular that these mysterious influences should be provoked into play just when the infected mate of the Avonvale lands on our shores, that nothing was ever heard of them before, and that their influence was first manifested in the very lane where he died. 