j. ;; POPISH TEACHING. 1 ' To the Editor of the Protestant Standard .) A few evenings since Mr. Cufcoliffe, . a B. A. of Oxford, delivered a lecture in the Romish School-house of St. Mary's, in which he attempted to prove that Bo : xnanistswere more moral than Protestants,, and, as a matter of course, better citizens, and consequently approved of Mr. Ro bertson's immigration scheme, but which ' fortunately for the colony was nipped in the hud. Where this gentleman obtained his statistics the report in tho Empire did not state, but no doubt tbey were compiled by some gentleman who believes ' in pious frauds. If Mr. Cutcjiffewill only, look over the police sheet every morning in Sydney, or search the records of our criminal courts, 1 do not think that he will use them as evidence to prove the ' superior morality of Roman Catholics. If, Sir, he will take London as tho represen- tative of heretic Protestantism, and Rome the holy city and seat of the faithful, and contrast the state of morals, Protestants will be willing to accept this test. The Rev. II. Seymour wites, 1851, the pro- . portion of illegitimate births in London is four per ceut., and the holy city, not withstanding its army of bachelor priests, monks, and virgin nuns, the proportion ; was seventy-three per cent., nearly three fourths were foundlings. Thai, in England and Wales, embrac- ' ing a ; period of ten years, the murders amounted to four in a million of the po pulation, whilst in one year in tho Papal states the murders amounted to one hundred and thirteen. Mr, Cutcliffe also gave the reasons why ..he became a Catholic. This gentleman . is, or pretends to be a convert from Pro testantism to what he improperly calls Catholicity. Now, Sir, I doubt very much if he ever was a Protestant Chris tian, for if ho had ever been a Bible t Christian, believing that the Bible is the .only Word of God, he could not by read ing that become a pervert to Popery, and he cannot, if he now believes in the Word : of God revealed to man, believe in the \- soul destroying delusions of the papacy. \- . The fact I suppose, Sir, is that he has been educated by the Jesuits' who have, of -late years managed to scat themselves as tutors and lecturers in Oxford University, .in which churchianity and apostolical succession, by bishops, has been taught and not the revealed truths of the Bible, as the foundation of Christianity. We have, Sir, the acknowledgement of Mr. French, the ablest advocate of the .Papacy for many years (and well known for being worsted in the Hammersmith discussion with the Rev. Dr. Cumming), that he prepared young men for the Uni versity of Oxford, and there can be no doubt that most of the perversions to Rome may be traced to similar influences. The enemy sowed tares whilst the hus bandman slept, but as the reasons why Mr. Cutcliffe became a (Cathclb) Roman ist were not published in the daily journals, we must only imagine what they were, viz., that he left the teaching of Christ and his Apostles, that he threw away the Comigandtiients of God to follow the devices and command- fnents of men ; but there is a very simple answer in St. Matthew, chap, xv., verse 9th, if he is only allowed to read it, he will find that Christ told the Pharisees that they made the Word of God of none effect by their tradition. In the course of- his lecture he stated that Romanists clid not worship the Virgin Mary, but all his denials, with all his priests to support him, cannot impose on. anyone who .can read the English language/ who can un derstand what he reads, or is in possession of a dictionary to ' see what each word means ; if the Sacred Heart Devotions: do not shew worship of- the Virgin Mary, then words are .empty sounds and lan guage is useless.' . Sir, I. think I cannot do better than place before your readers the following extract from a letter, written by the Rev. R. J. M'Ghee, Dublin, June 28th, 1832. " In a book sold at all the Roman Catholic book-shops, and patronised by all their priests and bishops, entitled 'The Devotion and Office of the Sacred Heart of our Lord Jesus, with the Devotion of the Sacred Heart of the Blessed Virgin Mary, in p. 236, et seqi, there is what is called an angelical exercise in honour of our Blessed Lady, in which there is a sort of dialogue between the Virgin and her worshipper. She asserts her power, claims his adoration, and makes her promises, and the worshipper responds, professes his adoration and supplicates his goddess. " She says, — ' Will you, my dear child, serve me faithfully all your life as St. Anselm, St. Bernard, St. Agnes, and an infinito number of others, my blessed children, have done ? I promise you, in the sincerity of a mother, that you shall with them enjoy a heavenly beatitude for all eternity, and the more to encourage you thereto, I assure you, with, a heart truly maternal that never eye has seen, nor car has heard, nor heart of man has conceived what God has prepared for all those who faithfully serve his blessed Mother."' What blasphemy and idolatry, sir, can go beyond this ? This idol demands that service which is due to God alone, and she blasphemously takes the very words which the Holy Ghost appropriates to the Father of Heaven, and applies them to rob Him of His glory, and to arrogate His worship to herself. The poor idolator answers — "Yes, most dear mother, both now and all the days of my life, will I both serve and love, and honour you, and reverence you, on my knees. 0 Sacred Virgin Mary, daughter of the Sovereign Emperor, and together with all the angels and celestial spirits in heaven, will I bless and praise you infinitely for that you have been so admirably chosen to be the Mother of God from all eternity." Here. sir. the worshioner resnonds to the blasphemous assumptions of the idol ; he gives to it the service, the love, the adoration due to his Creator, he professes his idolatry in time and promises its con tinuance for eternity. What matter, sir, when man apostatises from his God, what name the idol bears that he adores, whether the sun, the moon, a stock, a stone, a human being, a saint in glory, or a devil ? What matter whether it be Moloch or Mohammed, Vishnoo or the Virgin Mary, the crime aud the curse in both are the same, Satan is their author, and Satan is their end: I select from different passages other specimens of this abominable superstition. She says in consideration of certain ser vices and honours. " I arsure you with a heart truly maternal, that I will be pre- sentat your death, and although you had as it were one foot in hell, yet would I draw you out, and defend you against your enemies," Again : " Will you love me my dear child as did my favourite St. Stanislaus ? he loved me as his mother, and I loved him as my child ; he gave me all that he had, and I presented him my little Jesus?" Again: "Will you my dear child wholly confide in me, and call upon me in your necessities, as did my dear daughter, St. Mary of Egypt, who, although once a wicked woman, and buried in all vice, found me the Refuge of Sinners ; and as the penitent Theophi- lus did, who; after he had denied me, falsified his faith to God, done homage to the devil, renounced his part in paradise, signed his damnation with his own blood in writing, and in a manner already plunged in. the very bottom of hell. Yet he had recourse to me, and was by me again reconciled to my son, and received into his favour, grace and protection, I will plead for you in all your necessities, and will avert from you all the anger and indignation of my son." Here . I .must pause, to mark, not so much the blasphemous idolatry which as cribes to her the whole attributes of God; omniscience— omnipotence— omnipresence which sets her forth as the deliverer from death and hell— as the refuge of sinners — as claiming the homage, the confidence) the affections of the human heart, — but to mark the one ; grand satauic stamp of anti-christian iniquity which is branded upon the brow of Popery. It is this — that this superstition rends from the sin ner's heart, as she endeavours to bury in darkness from his view, all: the whole blessings of the Gospel of Jesus— that glorious Gospel addressing man. in the lowest depths of all his guilt, and want, and misery — brings near to him, as a lost and gmlty sinner, and because he is a sin ner, Jesus the saviour of the guilty— coming -to 'him -with a gracious eye and a tender compassionable heartland a mighty hand and 1 open' " arms, inviting- him and proclaiming to him salvation freely without money and without price. But what does this antichrist ian superstition do ? It denies and tramplos under foot tho whole revelation of the Gospel; it 6cts up Christ, not as the saviour, but the judge and condcmner of sinners; not as their refuge, but their terror ; and in stead of coming to Jesus as the mediator of the new covenant, " as the mediator between his soul and the offended Father, this superstition describes Christ as the person offended, and sets up all its abom inable idols as mediators between the soul and Christ — it turns all the blessings of the Gospel into the terrors of the law ; it sets up the whole antichristian code of its idolatries and blasphemies in the place of the Gospel. Thus its cvci y saint is an abominable idol, and because the thing it worships under the name of the Virgin Mary, is the most powerful mediator be tween their souls and Christ, so she is made the most abominable, the most anti christian idol of them all. I take this one last sentence from this book as con taining the concentrated essence of all Popish idolatry and guilt, " I will plead for you in all your necessities, and avert from you all the.anger and indignation of my Son." She is made to say (p. 245 et seq.) ." Will youmy dear child, do something this day in my honour? Eor you must know that I leave nothing, though of never so little value, unrccompcnsed, which is done in my honour ; as Troilus Savelli, a young baron of Rome, though a great and enormous sinner, can well tes tify, who at the end of his life, being be headed for his wickedness, obtained by my favour so perfect contrition and remission of his sins, that he died like a saint, for having never failed to say once a day on his bare knees one Ave Maria in my honour." Here is a high premium for idolatry and crime. But, sir, I am afraid to take up too much of your space in these quotations. Let anyone look at the Thirty-days' Prayer to the Blessed Virgin, to be found in this book, and their most common books of de votion, and he will see that the Redeem er's death and sufferings, the very grounds on which the sinner pleads with his heavenly Father, the idolator here uses, and that eighteen times repeated, to plead with the Virgin Mary, and then concludes by asking her to intercede for him with the Redeemer. This, sir, notwithstanding the dis claimer of Mr. Cutoliffe, B.A., Oxon, will satisfy any reasonable, unprejudiced man, if words are of any use, that the Roman Catholics worship the Virgin Mary. No doubt Mr. Cutcliffe's hearers were delighted and satisfied with the reasons why he became a Catholic ; and it is of course a great triumph for them to have a B.A., of Oxon, giving his reasons. But what is the real fact ? What has he done ? If he ever was a Freeman, he has de livered himself, bound hand and foot, to a degrading superstition, a so-called religion, which, iustead of ennobling and exalting, enslaves and debases the human mind; and instead of adopting the Apostolie ad vice to search the Scriptures, to see if these things are so, he is content to take his belief from sinful men, who for their own purposes wish to ride roughshod over the souls of men. It would have been as well if the boys in Macquarie Street, as Alderman Butler designates our legislators, had been there; and it would be well if they were to study this question and see for themselves how Popery stunts the intellect and debases the mind. Let them read the lives of some of these Romish Saints and see what an amount ofChristianity the books con tain. Let them read the course, of study enforced oh the students of Maynooth for the priestly office, and then they will not wonder at the immorality and crimes with which all Roman Catholic countries abound, the statement of. Mr. Cutcliflb notwithstanding ; and then, if they have one spark of British freedom, British pluck; and Patriotic feeling, they. : will not bow the knee to the priesthood of Rome, and grant favours to them at the expense of the country's weal ; they will not, for the. sake of ..the Roman Catholio vote, assist them in return by money and. and support to obtain a jnonopoly of power; for history teaches us that when ever they have had tho power they have useditfor the destruction of . civil and religious liberty ;. and instead of making Christians and Freemen, they have made a race of persecuting bicots and slaves. AN AUSTRALIAN FREEMAN. 